 For the past several months I had been training clients within a private facility located in the basement of a small clinic. It was ideal because they had tons of room, and charged me a small amount of rent for each client that I brought in. Since they also did not have anyone who could apply what they were prescribing their clients I had an ideal referral income stream from downstairs. The two owners were a couple of women named Laura and Sara. Laura was a skinny brunette who had finished school about five years earlier and just started back at the clinic after having her first child. Sara was a small blonde woman with a very business oriented attitude who was definitely the boss of the place. She was the one who did all the negotiations with me and was friendly enough, but still managed to have enough of an icy demeanour that she was definitely off limits. At least until one day at the clinic. 

It was an early morning and I was working with a client when Sara came down to work with one of her patients. She often did this while I was there, but this morning she looked a little bit different. Instead of her usual lab coat and business outfit she had on workout clothing. Normally I wouldn't even blink at something like that but when I saw her come down it made me do a double take, almost missing my client losing their form on a pressing movement. She was wearing tight black pants that hugged her firm thighs tightly, coming up to display a high, firm ass that stood up proudly without any assistance. Her top displayed a flat stomach, tanned skin and gorgeous definition through her arms and shoulders. She also had small but perky breasts and due to the cold in the clinic before it heated up in the morning her nipples were on full display through her top. As she came down the stairs with her client we locked eyes and I nodded hello. She nodded back, as cold as usual. I was surprised to see her dressed so lightly but I guess she felt working with a female client she didn't have to worry about it, and possibly she didn't know that I was going to be there. 

Now the main problem was that I couldn't keep my eyes off of her while she was standing so close. Her client worked and pushed and pulled while she stood nearby, putting her body on full display for me. Her hair was up in a ponytail, which also was something that always made me very horny so it wasn't long before I felt my cock beginning to harden just thinking about how much I would love to strip off those tight clothes and grab her firm ass while she begged me to do everything to her. It was inevitable that she spotted me staring at her several times, which was a little embarrassing but I'm sure someone with a body like hers was quite used to it. I maintained my professionalism with my client and continued as if nothing was going on, even though to my client it was obvious I was a little bit distracted. Since he was a guy he understood of course. We continued through our workout and I continued to eye hump Sara whenever I had the chance and I thought she wasn't looking. While she moved and chatted with her client she pulled her blonde hair out of her ponytail and let it cascade over her shoulders to my delight. When my client had finished his workout I had a bit of a break so I changed and began my own workout while Sara finished up with her client. Being first thing in the morning we were the only ones in there, so I turned on the music and began to work through my lower body while Sara disappeared upstairs into the clinic. After about fifteen minutes I had worked up a bit of a sweat and saw Sara coming down the stairs, still in her workout clothing. She had never worked out down there before so I pulled out my headphones. 

"Good morning!" I said, trying to be as friendly as possible. Previously this had resulted in an icy stare and a short hello back. I always wanted to maintain a positive relationship and now that she was standing on the stairs barely dressed it was definitely a priority to keep her happy. 

"Hi there. I hope that I wasn't bothering you this morning." She said. 

"Of course not. There's lots of room down here for everyone to fit. After all, you do own the place." I decided to placate her with some humility. 

She smiled. It was the first time I could remember ever seeing her smile and it definitely made a difference. She took a couple of steps further down. "I don't want to interrupt, but I was wondering if I could ask you something about the workout you were doing." 

"You're not interrupting. What was it?" Any chance to show her that I actually knew what I was doing would also be valuable to me in terms of referrals. 

"You had your client on the table doing range of motion testing, right? I also saw you doing some therapy but I was wondering what it was." By now she had come fully down the stairs and was slowly moving towards me. It was all I could do to keep my eyes on hers and not her breasts, since her nipples were still clearly visible through her top and I could see a slight outline of her pants pressing against her pussy. 

"It was an isometric movement, designed to reactivate the muscle spindle that wasn't firing properly." Her expression registered surprise. That often happened with people who weren't aware that personal trainers could actually learn about stuff like that. She smiled again and looked very interested. 

"Could you show me what you were doing? I'd love to check it out!" Her interest made me happy, but what made me happier was the idea of being able to touch her body underneath her workout clothes. "I don't have any other clients for about two hours, do you have time?" I nodded. "Great. What do you need me to do? Should I take off some of my clothing?" 

That line almost made my jaw hit the floor and my cock twitched. Although I realized in an instant it was a perfectly executed seduction move, or a test to see what I would do in that situation. If she wanted to see if I would try to do anything inappropriate she had another thing coming, even though that was all I wanted to do to her sweet little body. 

"Actually no, what you are wearing is totally fine. Let's get you onto the massage table." I waved her towards the table in the corner. She smiled and walked over, sitting down on the edge of the table. "Let's start with you face up on your back please." I said, knowing the areas I needed to check. She moved to the table and I got another nice view of her ass in front of me, restraining myself from just grabbing it. Lying down, it was hard not to just start touching her right away, but I had to remain professional. Who knows, it could have been some kind of test to see if I would do anything inappropriate. I started by asking her permission to touch her, which she agreed to and began a simple range of motion exam on her lower body, explaining what I was doing the whole time. Starting at her feet I was moving them in and out and up and down and rotating things just to check out any big differences. Things didn't get interesting until I had to lift her leg up and rotate it. By now my cock was fully hard because all I was thinking about was mounting her hot little body right there on the table, plus she had her eyes looking away most of the time so I wasn't worried that she could see me. In my workout pants it didn't really leave much to the imagination and there was a substantial tent in front of them. 

As I lifted her leg and rotated it around, my hips pushed into her leg and my hard cock pushed right against her upper thigh. She opened her eyes suddenly and looked down, catching me with my hard cock pressing right against her leg. She was also in a fairly vulnerable position because I had her leg in my hand rotated, spreading her legs so that her pussy was clearly outline through her tight pants. I didn't know what to say so I just continued. Putting her leg down, I stammered for her to turn over on her stomach. I saw a smile break on her face and she slid her body into a face down position. Of course, now her ass was standing up proudly about six inches away from my cock. She laid with her head in her hands and I continued moving her legs around, hoping that it would distract her from what had just happened. As I was rotating her leg in, she stopped me. 

"I feel really tight right there quite often. What do you think that is? Can you take a closer look for me?" Of course, the area she was talking about was the deep muscles in her ass. I gulped. 

"No problem. Of course, I'm going to have to touch you in a slightly sensitive area. Is that okay with you?" She nodded yes and turned her head away. Now my cock was actually leaking because it was so hard. I was about to be able to massage and poke around in that perfect ass cheek I had been staring at all morning. I was beginning to seriously wonder if I would just explode in my pants like a horny teenager. Still, this situation did have some possibilities since we were alone and I had to assume that she wanted me to touch her. I started by gently prodding into the side of her ass cheek through her pants. She had a big trigger point in that area, but I definitely wanted to keep going and moved my hands across, touching her lightly at first and then pushing deeper in order to check if there was anything deep inside the muscle. Occasionally I would hit something and just give it a bit of a push, which caused her to gasp lightly. 

"Are you okay?" 

"Yes, but there seems to be a lot of bad points down there. Do you know how to work those out?" Did I know how to work those out? I was starting to sweat and my cock was pulsing from the effort of keeping me from mounting her from behind right then and there. I started the gentle process of trigger point release, pushing into the hard spots of her ass. As I did this, her legs would flex and she started to moan, which often happened, just not with a hot blonde on the table. After a few minutes I suddenly realized something. As I pressed down on a trigger point, she was grinding her hips into the table and rotating them around. She was just as horny as I was at that point and trying to grind herself into an orgasm without me knowing. That changed things entirely because I knew that she wouldn't mind if I tried to turn her on even more. I softened my hands and began to massage a bit lighter, but also a bit wider around her ass cheeks and upper legs. 

"I'm going to have to move to some insertion points, is that okay?" I asked, knowing that it meant I would have to start touching her inner thighs, closer to her pussy. She nodded again, turning her head to look at me. I wasn't about to keep hiding my hard cock at this point, so instead I moved slightly higher until it was close to her hand lying on the table. As I massaged her inner thigh I very subtly moved my cock closer to her hand until it was gently resting against her wrist. She continued to grind her hips into the table while I rubbed. A dreamy look moved into her eyes and she smiled at me. The only problem at that point was that if anything was going to happen she was going to have to be the one to initiate it, not me. Then I felt exactly what I had been waiting for. Her hand moved very slightly and brushed up against my cock. I moved my hands wider and deeper, moving very close to actually massaging her pussy through her pants but not quite touching it. She continued to softly grind her hips into the table and now her wrist was gently rubbing back and forth on the head of my cock poking forward. It was all I could do not to just explode and stain the inside of my pants. 

By now all talk had quieted and it was just the sounds of the table slowly creaking while she moved, my hands skimming across her clothes and her wrist rubbing against my cock. Both of us were breathing hard and I was starting to sweat so that added to the tension we were both feeling. 

"HELLO?" A sudden noise from upstairs. Both of us jumped and I whipped my hands away from her firm ass while she bolted upright from the table. 

"Um...hello?" Sara said loudly. "Who's there please?" We both looked at each other, skin flushed and obviously in a high state of arousal. My cock had deflated rapidly but the stain of my precum on the front of my pants was clearly visible, and her hard nipples and hard breathing made me sure that she was close to orgasm when we were suddenly interrupted. She walked slowly up the stairs while I recomposed myself. I had the urge to head into the bathroom and relieve myself. After a few minutes I heard the front door shut and she walked back down the stairs, smiling awkwardly at me. Her body still looked incredible but I really didn't know what to say. 

"Sara..." I said, thinking I might defuse the situation. She stopped me right away. 

"That was one of my clients showing up quite early. She's just going to move her car from out front and then will be right back in. We'll have to continue this another time." The expression on my face must have registered disappointment but she seemingly ignored it and walked back upstairs. She had returned to her former persona. Then I heard her call out. "But I'll be here next week at the same time if you want to get in a proper session. I'll make sure we aren't interrupted." 

"Sounds...good." I said. "I'll be here. I didn't even have to be, but now my mind was racing at the possibilities of the next encounter and finally getting my cock some much needed release inside her tight body. I went through my day imagining all of the things that might happen the following day. The potential for disaster was quite high considering that she was one of the owners of the clinic, but right now I was thinking with my penis and not my brain. It's not like she would be looking for a relationship and she was being just as flirtatious as I was on the massage table. If we were uninterrupted maybe we would be able to just do away with the formalities and get right down to it. I barely slept that night, and had to masturbate a couple of times to porn involving short blonde women, fantasizing about Sara's body. The week progressed normally and we didn't have any major interaction except to say brief hellos to each other. I tried to be as friendly as possible and reminded her about our session the next day. She said she was looking forward to it. I decided to test my limits. 

"If you want me to get really thorough with your exam tomorrow, make sure you dress lightly. It's easier for me if I can see as much of your muscles as possible." This was within earshot of the receptionist so her reaction was subdued, but she subconsciously blushed, which I took as a good sign. Again the day and night passed with my mind racing about how it would feel to slide into her naked pussy and hear her scream my name while she rode my cock, wherever we might be. At that point it was going to be hard for me not to just try to touch her right away. The following morning I showed up early at the clinic, unlocked and turned the lights on, getting everything ready as if a client was showing up normally. I heard the door open and shut and the deadbolt lock engage. 

"Sara?" 

"Just a second. I'm going to get changed and I'll be right down." I wondered what she would be changing into this time, hoping for her to just walk down the stairs naked and forgo all of the formality. 

"Great. I have everything ready down here." 

After a couple of minutes she came down the stairs slowly and was wearing even less than the week previous, if that was possible. Her feet were bare, she had on a tight orange fitted top that exposed just the bottom of her stomach and tight black shorts that outlined her ass even better than the pants had the week previous. Her blonde hair was back in a ponytail, completing the look that was obviously put together just to drive me absolutely insane. The problem was, yet again, that I could not simply grab her and tear her clothes off; she would have to make the first move. 

"Um..." I stammered. "I guess we should start with the table again?" I motioned towards it. "No." She said. "I really feel like sweating today. Why don't we get to the workout." Normally to me this would have meant forgetting about everything and just dropping to the floor, but she hopped up onto the treadmill and turned it on. I clicked into normal assessment mode and turned up the speed and incline, having her walk up a hill in order to get her warm. Plus, every time she took a long step her ass cheeks flexed in those tight shorts. I figured she knew how much I wanted her and had worn a tight shirt and shorts of my own with no underwear. My cock was already semi hard and was making a nice long pole in my shorts while I stepped behind her, watching every step and bounce as she strode along on the belt. After a few minutes she broke into a jog and I had the pleasure of watching her bounce even more, adding her tight arms and shoulders to the motion. This woman had an incredible body and I couldn't wait to take advantage of it. 

The treadmill stopped and I handed her a towel to wipe off the small amount of sweat that had started to collect on her lower back and forehead. 

"I noticed that your shoulder looked a little tight." This was my pretence to check her out and just finish with the teasing she was trying to do. She grimaced. 

"Yeah, it has been feeling funny for a couple of days." I waved her over to the table and she hesitated, but then walked over and sat down. Walking around behind her I asked her if it was okay to touch her shoulders. She agreed and I finally had a chance to touch her, pressing lightly around her shoulder blades and neck to find sore spots. Plus, it was a great excuse to give her a massage and hopefully get her a little bit turned on, if she wasn't already. I found some trigger points quite quickly and worked on releasing them, touching her back and shoulders liberally but not drifting forward at all. The closest I got was simply leaning into her body in order to breathe on her neck, which I could tell flustered her a little because she shivered. I wanted to start kissing her there and just see how she reacted, but she had to be the one to start things. So I figured I needed to get her into position to stimulate that side of things. 

"This shoulder needs some work. Lie down on your back." 

She stretched out on the table on her back, allowing me to finally drink in her body. It was like she was barely wearing anything at all because her top clearly outlined her breasts and her shorts showed every curve of her hips and stomach. She definitely wasn't even wearing panties so a sliver of fabric was all that stood between my cock and her totally naked body. My cock was already semi hard just from touching and smelling her, so I thought if I could get her hand back in position we could just pick up where we left off. I grabbed her neck from behind and started to gently massage under her head, which made her relax. Her nipples were nice and hard, either from being cold or being really turned on and at this point it didn't really matter to me. Starting around her neck I massaged around her shoulders, moving finally around to the front in order to try to stimulate her breasts a bit and see how far I could take this. My hands finally drifted further in front until I was massaging the front of her shoulders. This was under the pretence of tight muscles, but finally it was time to make my move. Using a very light touch in order to stimulate her the most, I swept my hands down her sides, lightly touching the sides of her breasts and grazed them over her exposed stomach while then reversing up in a sweeping motion so that my hands came in between her breasts and back up across her neck. Her eyes flew open and she gasped, but her body gave away that she liked it by her lifting her hips off of the table like she wanted to hump my hand. 
