 Hope you enjoyed my first submission, Gone Camping. I'd love your votes and feedback. This is a new adventure for me! Thanks and Enjoy!!

*****

It's been weeks since our families went camping and the memory of our encounter hasn't left my mind. We haven't had the opportunity to see or even speak to each other but have enjoyed the odd dirty text. 

It's a gorgeous, hot July day and a quiet one for you. At 11:30am, your secretary calls you to let you know that a woman named Julia Lacroix, a new potential client, is here to see you. You are confused but a moment later I walk into your office and close the door behind me. I'm wearing strappy heels and a pretty wraparound summer dress. I walk over to you and whisper in your ear 

'I'm completely naked under here'. I turn your chair around and kneel down without saying a word. I unzip your pants and take out your suddenly throbbing cock. I tease it for a moment with my tongue, around the glistening head and down the sides of your shaft. You are shocked and nervous but so turned on. I can feel the heat and hear your breathe quicken. 

I take you in all the way, head bobbing, small slurping sounds escaping through my moans. You touch my hair, lightly at first and then show me the rhythm. I'm in ecstasy as you scream in a whisper 'fuck ya, I'm gonna fill your mouth with my cum'.

I feel you tighten and explode into my mouth. Your cum is wildly delicious and I don't want to let a drop of it escape me. I slow down but keep going, each juicy squirt getting less and less as you shudder and relax. I lick you fully and kiss your cock, sending small shivers of aftershock through your body. I look up at you, lick my lips and smile. 

I dangle a key with a devilish grin and tell you to let your assistant know that you'll be taking me to a lunch meeting and may not make it back. We make ourselves presentable and walk out to your car. You ask me where we're going and I tell you that I've booked a room at the local Inn and have lunch already waiting for us there. I don't think we're going to need food for awhile...

We walk through the door and are on each other before the door has even closed. We kiss like hungry animals and it makes me melt inside. You're eager to touch me and be inside me but I have other plans first. I pull the knot on my dress and it falls open, exposing my naked body. I take off my shoes and stand in front of you. I'm all yours. 

I take off your jacket, tie and unbutton your shirt, excited by the opportunity to explore your whole body. I loosen your belt and unzip your pants allowing them to drop to the ground. I see your beautiful cock pushing against your boxers and slowly ease it free. 

I tell you to lie down on the bed. Face down. I want to explore you from head to toe. 

I pull out a bottle of massage oil and kneel by your feet. I can feel your anticipation. 

I take your socks off and lift you feet to my mouth. I lick and suck each toe and bury my face in the warmth of your soles. I pour the oil into my hands and slowly, but firmly massage your feet, one at a time. I put them down and open your legs. I glide my hands up and down along your left leg. Your calf, your knee, you thigh and your ass, feeling the tension release under my strong hands. You groan with pleasure but I'm not in any hurry. I make sure not to touch your balls. We're not there yet. I repeat the same on your right leg and then straddle your ass. 

You feel my wet, hot cunt on your ass as I pour more oil on my hands and over my tits, belly and arms until I glisten. I rub my tits up your back and you groan again as you feel my hard nipples run up your back. I massage you deeply using different parts of my body that keep you guessing. It feels sooo sensuous. 

I stand up and sit crossed legged by your head and ask you to turn over and lie your head in my lap. 

You are so hard and I can hardly wait to have you inside me. 

I massage your head, pulling lightly at your hair then move down massage your neck. 

I work my hands into your chest and lightly claw you with my nails. Your body is beautiful and I know it now. 

The heat between my legs has reached its max and I cannot wait any longer. I arch my body forward and work my mouth down to your cock allowing my cunt to rest on your waiting mouth. 

You dive into me, feasting and grabbing my ass to go even deeper with your tongue. I writhe with the pleasure and let out a scream. I'm on you again, my mouth working up, down and around your shaft. I part your legs further as my oiled hands caress your balls and slip a finger in to explore your ass. 

We are ravenous and moaning. You move into my ass with your hot mouth and lick my tight hole. There is nothing else in the world but us at that moment. I scream as I reach my first orgasm and you feel my cum squirt into your mouth and down your neck. I buck uncontrollably and then shudder as my body slows down to recover. 

You turn me over and slide on top of me. The weight is unfamiliar but the feeling of your oiled body on mine is incredible. You kiss me deeply and I am so turned on by the taste of my cunt.

'I'm in charge now and I'm gonna fuck you so good that you'll never forget me'.

You part my legs and enter me, balls deep. I scream with the delight of having you inside me again. You fuck me like jackhammer and I can't help the cries escaping my mouth at every thrust. The bed is old and creaky and I love the thought of someone in the next room getting off by our passion. 

I'm lost in the oblivion of the moment and feel myself cum over and over. 

I'm far from done, you say. 

You pull out to give my cunt a rest and gaze at my body with lust. I have never felt so beautiful and desired by a man. You bury your head in the softness of my belly and groan, your hands reaching up to stroke my hard nipples and soft, flushed tits. You kiss and lick my body as you slowly move your way up to face me. 

'I love your small round tits and I want to fuck them now'

I run my hands over them and push them together around your cock. The slipperiness of the oil makes you wild as I watch your cock slide up and down towards my face. 

I need to have you back inside me so I turn you over and mount you fully with a gasp of pleasure. 

I move my hips around to feel you rub every inch of my insides. I ride you hard, my tits bouncing. I'm saying things that I never would have said out loud before, I feel possessed. 

I want you to fill me with you cum, I scream. 

I'm gonna cum in your ass, you say as you stand up at the side of the bed and bend me over. 

I'm afraid, it's been awhile since I have been fucked that way but in this moment there isn't anything that I wouldn't do to pleasure you. 

You enter me slowly but the feeling is incredible. You grab my shoulders and thrust into the tightness of my ass. 

I can hear your orgasm building as your body slams into mine. I feel you tighten and then explode into me, your hot juice filling me over and over until you collapse onto me. 

We're both thoroughly spent and suddenly hungry! You open your eyes and realize that the room has a deep double jacuzzi! As corny as it seems for a place like this, it's exactly what you want right now. I get up and run the water as hot as I can stand and grab a bag with my snacks. 

You've thought of everything, you say.

I've thought of nothing else these past three weeks!! I laugh. 

I come over and tell you to close your eyes. I want to fuck you with food. 

I start with a slice of oozing Brie cheese. Teasing your lips with it before I let you taste it. Next I take a juicy black olive and let you suck the juice from my fingers as you take in into your mouth. 

I can see how much you're enjoying this little game. 

I move on to feed you a slice of soft Italian bread that I've dipped in rich olive oil. 

There's one more thing I want to serve you before the tub is full. I slice open a very ripe persimmon and put half of it in my mouth. The smooth and slippery texture is so sensual. I bend over and bring my mouth on to yours and you groan with the sensation of this exotic kiss. 

We head into the jacuzzi and I lie back into your arms. I haven't felt this relaxed and content in years! You're clearly in no hurry to get back to work and I love that!!

I close my eyes and melt into you. Your hands are caressing my thighs, my ass, my belly and my tits. You reach over and feed me now too. The coolness of the strawberries is delightful with the heat swirling around my body. 

'Have you ever cum from a jetstream of water?' you ask me, 'I'd love to watch that!'

I have, and it's intense, but I've only done that on my own. 

Your mouth is on my neck. You remember how that makes me crazy and the shivers run down my spine. 

You guide my leg out of the tub and position my clit in front the the jet. The strong pressure make me gasp and the excitement of doing this in front of you is wild! 

Fuck yeah, I say, it's so good. 

Ya baby, cum for me...I wanna hear you scream!

Oh my god!! The wave of pleasure takes me over and I cum with a scream

Yes!! Yes Baby!! Oooooh Goddddd!

I am bucking and have to pull away. I can't take any more. 

I turn around and kiss you and fall asleep in your arms exhausted.

*****