 Last night I thought I'd died and gone to heaven. It all started with a fight I had with my supposed girlfriend. Seems I wasn't the only one she was dating. We had only been dating for about 6 months. I knew she had broken up with a previous boyfriend, but I didn't know they had gotten back together. They had gotten back together about 10 weeks into our relationship. I always got a hard time about when I could see her. She never seemed available.

Dana and I had a really loud breakup at her favorite restaurant over lunch and everyone in there knew exactly what was being said and why. Dana made me feel like dirt. She cut me to ribbons about my lovemaking. She verbally whipped me over my lack of staying power. She made it very clear that she and Roger, her once ex, were screwing their brains out every night after I left Dana's apartment. Roger got the job done because I couldn't. She was still hungry for some real cock long after she's finished with me. No matter how hard I tried to fuck her, or how often I licked her off, she still wanted more. Many nights I left her place with my cock rubbed raw and my tongue feeling like cooked liver.

Dana wasn't really that well built. She had a good body, but she was just an average build. Her tits weren't big but her face was a really beautiful. She had long blonde hair, beautiful blue eyes and long slender legs. But to her I was just a fuck toy. She just wanted me to fuck her and get her ready for Roger.

After my public humiliation, I decided that there was no way I could go home and sit alone in my gloomy apartment. I decided to head to the beach and and at least sit on the warm sand and maybe bake my troubles out of me. The sun was shining and the surf was rolling in and I could at least sit and be miserable outside. I picked a somewhat isolated spot on the beach away from the noisy crowds, and away from the heavy traffic flow of people walking up and down the beach.

I sat there and pondered how I had gotten myself into such a mess. I started to feel miserable as I sat there and thought about what had happened. I had gotten dumped by a real bitch who made our breakup open and very public. Why hadn't I seen what was coming long before now? How could I have been so dumb and kept on accepting her caustic criticism about my performance or lack of it? She always used a vibrator because she said I couldn't get the job done right.

As I sat there on the beach with my head hung low, I finally just stopped caring, and a deep numbness took over. It took a long time for me to realize that it just wasn't my fault, but the pain was still there. I sat looking out at the ocean with a blank stare on my face, not caring one way or the other what was going to happen next. I did know however, that if I sat there long enough, the sun might just bake some of the hurt out of me. I finally relaxed and laid down on my back and gazed at the beautiful blue sky overhead.

I don't know how long I had been laying there, but I was slowly aware of someone blocking my sun. I was struggling to get awake and ready to ask what this person thought they were doing blocking out the sun, when I heard a very soft sexy voice say, "Excuse me. I'm sorry to trouble you but I think you had better cover up and take care of your burn."

"What?" I said groggily.

"You'd better cover up and take care of your sunburn," she said.

I slowly opened my eyes and began looking at my stomach and legs. They looked fine to me. What was going on here? "I'm OK," I mumbled.

"I'm sorry but you're not. You'd better check the color of the skin on

your thighs to the skin under your swim suit. You're really burnt."

Then it hit me. Compared to the skin under my suit, my legs and stomach looked like a lobster.

"Please don't think I'm being nosy or spying on you, but I was there at the restaurant when you had that very public blow out with your lady and I have been watching you from my balcony off and on for most of the afternoon. I saw you come down to the beach and sit on the sand and then you appeared to doze off. I realized that if someone didn't come over and wake you or say something, you might get into more trouble that you realized.

"I thought I had a pretty good tan but looking at this mess I guess not," I said rather sheepishly.

"May I sit down beside you, and talk for a moment. My name is Lisa."

"Sure, but I'm not really going to be much comapny after what happened today. You're welcome to sit. This IS a public beach. By the way, my name is Brad."

"Brad, I'm pleased to meet you, even though this seems to be a bad day. How are you going to care for that nasty sunburn?"

"That's a good question. I haven't anything at home to put on a burn like this. I haven't needed anything for a lot of years, so I just haven't bothered keeping anything around my apartment." I said somewhat reluctantly.

"Look, I live over there behind us in the condos overlooking the ocean, and I'd be glad to take you back there and help soothe that sunburn with some ointment I always keep on hand. As you can see I'm really fair and burn quite easily."

As I took a closer look at this lady with the very sexy voice, I could see that she was blonde, blue-eyed, and very well built. Her hair was cut rather short, and had a wild way about it, but the style really suited her. She had on a one piece suit, that was cut very low in front and exposed the tops of her large breasts quite nicely. One false move and they would break free. When she leaned forward to get up off the sand, I could see both of her lovely breasts wobbling inside her suit. They looked like a pair of C's at least. As Lisa stood there they stuck out like a pair of 38's.

I still couldn't understand why someone like this would even attempt to befriend me, after all the harsh things Dana had said in the restaurant. Here she was, asking a complete stranger back to her condo. As Lisa stood infront of me, her pussy was right at eye level, and I could see the outline of her lips against the thin fabric of the suit. There was no hint of pubic hair pressing against the thin suit. She appeared to be clean shaven. Her legs were lean and slender, and very lovely to look at. Her hips were nicely shaped and her waist was very much in proportion to her hips. However, my eyes were still drawn to her large breasts just bursting to be free of the top of her suit. She was no more than 5'4" tall, so that when I stood up beside her I was a good 10 inches taller than she was. As I stood beside her I looked down and could see her breasts rising and falling in her suit as she breathed. Lisa was very attractive, but in a very ordinary way. She certainly didn't have the look of an actress or a model, yet there was something very special in her face. I picked up my towel that I had been sitting on and carried it in front of me as we walked across the sand to her condo. I started getting a hard on as I watched her delectable ass sway back and forth ahead of me as we made our way through the deep sand.

What could I say to her if she saw my erection? Would she think I was a pervert unable to keep myself under control when she saw the bulge in my trunks? Would she think I only wanted to fuck those nice breasts of hers because she had picked me up on the beach? What was I going to do? I couldn't hide it once I set the towel down. It would certainly be obvious what was happening by the bulge in my trunks. I would just have to take my chances and hoped she understood. I didn't have a monster cock hidden in there, but I didn't have a tiny dick either. I figured that eight inches should please any woman, other than Dana.

************

I couldn't believe what this bitch was doing to the poor guy she had met for lunch. She was taking him apart infront of the whole restaurant. She was not only heartless, but loud as well. First she told everybody that he had a small penis, and that she couldn't live with a guy who didn't have at least 10 inches before he got hard. She made fun of him because he couldn't cum more than once a night, and he had ejaculated prematurely. Five minutes of fucking was not her idea of a good time. To make matters worse, she told him she had been regularly banging her old boyfriend, and she just kept Brad around to keep her in the mood for Roger. Brad's job was to keep her well lubed and ready to fuck. Little did he know that she had just been playing with him and leading him on. He had become sport for her and nothing else.

When I spotted Brad walking down to the beach a little later, I decided to keep my eye on him. There was just something so helpless about him that made me want to mother him. The last thing he needed right now was a mother. However, I planned on keeping a close watch over him, just to see what might happen. I saw him stretch out a towel and sit away from everyone else on the beach. This was not a good sign. Yet it might be better for him to be alone for a while. His feelings needed to mend peacefully. I exercised by the windows in my condo and kept an eye on him, just out of curiosity. Eventually he laid back on the towel and seemed to be resting. I had purchased a really powerful pair of binoculars so I could look at the guys on the beach, and felt that this might be one of those times that I could get a really good look at someone without actually getting close. I saw him so clearly that I felt like I could reach out and touch him. His eyes were closed but I could see the streaks of his tears down his face. I spied on his trunks and was very pleasantly surprised. This guy sported a half decent bulge. It was not a 12 inch monster but neither was it 3 or 4 inches long. Brad had a nice bulge and I could see the outline of the head of his penis through the smooth material. I let my gaze drift down even further and saw a nicely rounded pair of balls. For some reason I was really drawn to this guy and wanted any excuse to talk to him. Besides I was now really curious as to what he was packing in that suit. He seemed to be the right height for me and had a decent build. Above all, he didn't a huge protruding belly, like so many guys have above their belts. They think it's sexy for some stupid reason. One way or another I was going to see for myself what all the fuss was about. I was going to get this guy back to my apartment. He would be naked and erect and all mine.

As I watched him for the next few hours, it became very clear that Brad didn't have any sun screen. He was getting redder and redder. Maybe this was going to work to my advantage. I decided to throw caution to the wind and go down and invite him back to the condo with the thought of curing his sunburn. Once I got him back to my place, I would not only work on his burn, but work on his erection as well. I started to get wet just thinking about the possibilities. I looked around for my thinest, sexiest, one piece swimsuit. Once he saw my breasts packed into that suit and saw my smooth pussy through the material up close, he would follow me anywhere.

************

When we got to her condo I was certainly supprised by it's size, and all the glass that looked out onto the ocean. The view was spectacular. Lisa reached for my towel and suggested that I take a long cold shower before she begain putting on the lotion. As the towel slipped from my hands, she glanced down at the bulge in my trunks and smiled. I started to blush at the thoughts of her seeing my raging hard-on, or at least I thought I was blushing behind the sunburn, but she very calmly said, "Mmmm, now that looks interesting." I immediately headed for the shower and spent the next 20 minutes under a very soothing cold shower. Just as I was finishing and shutting off the water I heard Lisa say that I should wrap myself in a towel and not worry about putting my trunks back on, as they were full of sand. She wanted me to lay on the bed so she could put the ointment on me. By now my erection had subsided but I was worried about exposing myself to her. Seems she had only smaller towels to wrap around my waist. I grabbed one and wrapped it as best I could and headed to the bedroom.

Waiting for me in a very abbreviated silky robe was Lisa. In her hand she held a large jar of lotion. With a smile on her face she suggested I lay down on the bed face up with my legs just hanging over the end. Once I was settled she said she would begin. I sat down on the edge of the bed and swung my legs around so they just hung over the end of the bed. Now I realized why she said to let my legs hang over the end. I was too tall for the bed. With my head right at the top of the bed my feet still hung over the end. "Hmm, we seem to have a problem. I used to think this bed was big enough, but now that you are on it, it's way too short. It was just right for me last night. What happened all of a sudden?" said Lisa laughingly as she slowly let her eyes wander over my 6'2" frame.

"I guess you'll just have to get rid of it and get a longer one just for me," I chuckled, as we both realized how nervous I was.

"Just relax and let me do the work," said Lisa as she removed the top of the jar and dabbed some lotion on her fingertips. This may feel sensitive for a moment but then you'll start to feel the healing power on your skin."

************

I knew very soon that it would be time for me to lose the robe and show him my breasts and pussy. I knew I had a good body and he was certainly in the right place to see it in all it's glory, and eventually enjoy it.

************

I laid back and closed my eyes as Lisa went about her task of spreading the lotion all over my chest and arms and stomach. She was right about it feeling sensitive for the first few minutes. But after that the fire went out of the burn and I was starting to feel much better. As she workd her way down to my stomach, she suggested that I push the towel lower to the tan line so she could get every part of my stomach covered. As I reached down and began to bunch it around my waist, I opened my eyes and glanced at this lovely lady who was bent over applying lotion to a perfect stranger. To my surprise I saw her lovely naked breasts hanging free inside her robe. My cock started to respond immediately and made a bulge under the towel. I tried to control my excitement but that only made it worse. Pretty soon there was no denying I had a huge erection. However, Lisa just kept on working the lotion into my skin and then began to work on my feet and ankles.

"Brad, just relax and close your eyes again while I finish covering your legs and then you'll begin to feel the relief that the lotion will bring. It shouldn't take long, and I only have a small area to finish."

Try as I may, I had difficulty relaxing with this lovely lady just inches away from my erection. I knew that at any minute my penis would start to throb and make the towel look alive. If Lisa bent down she would be able to see right up under the towel at my cock and balls, and I was burnt all the way up my legs to my crotch. What was I going to do when Lisa wanted to put lotion on my thighs?

That question was answered very quickly once Lisa got to the towel. She looked at it bulging and moving and quickly grabbed both corners of the towel and pulled it completely open, exposing my fully engorged erection. I made a grab for the towel to cover up, but Lisa just laughed and said, "Well the evidence is now out in the open, no sense hiding a beautiful thing like that and being uncomfortable now is there?"

"No, no, no," I cried. "I can't lay here like this. I'm too excited and besides, it isn't right that I should be so erect in front of you when you are only just trying to help me."

I made a grab to cover my erection with my hands but found that I was way too big to hide it. Lisa gently touched my hands and asked me to take them away from my penis and not be embarrassed by my wonderful erection.

"It's lovely and quite big," she said. "Just look at it's huge throbbing purple head! It's leaking!"

"If you remember how Dana described it, I wouldn't call it lovely and quite big," I sobbed. "She made me feel totally useless. I couldn't hold on or last when we fucked. I blew my load almost immediately, and, I was told in no uncertain terms that I was a lousy lover as well," I cried to her. "How can I feel normal after being used and thrown away like that? Why would you, let alone any woman want me when I can't perform?"

************

At that moment he was at his most vulnerable. I had to be very careful how I acted. One wrong word or move and he would be gone. I just knew I had to have his cock inside of me. It didn't matter to me if he lasted 10 seconds or 10 hours. I knew that this wonderful looking piece of meat was going to be buried deep inside of me. I was going to do everything in my power to make him happy.

************

Suddenly, Lisa knelt down beside the bed and gently grasped my erection in both hands and began to massage it. She used one hand to caress my balls and roll them around in their sac. She stroked my cock up and down ever so gently and then began to milk it from the very bottom of the shaft to the tip. Soon she had my penis overflowing with juice, and running down the sides. She used her free hand to coat my erection with all the juice and then coat my balls with the excess. Never before had anyone given me such a wonderful feeling. Lisa was so gentle. As she stroked my entire length, she pumped more and more juice from deep within my balls and really got the juices flowing freely. In a few minutes her hands were completely covered with my juices. It had been almost a half an hour from the time she started stroking me and I still hadn't shot my load for her. Every time I got close, Lisa slowed the pace and then paused. I had lasted 6 times longer than I ever did with Dana. Lisa bowed her head and wrapped her lips around the head of my cock. She sucked just the head into her mouth and then dipped her tongue into the slit, while she lapped up all of my pre-cum, like a cat drinking cream. She then licked my shaft from top to bottom, as she caressed and pumped the juice out of me. She took my balls into her mouth and sucked on them gently. She rolled them around in her mouth one at a time and licked me clean. My cock had been flowing with pre-cum like a garden hose. The more she cleaned me off, the more pre-cum she pumped out of me. She kept me flowing freely so it ran down the sides and all over her hands.

To my further delight, Lisa suddenly stood up and shrugged off her silky robe to show me that she was completely naked underneath. Her lovely breasts swayed in rhythm to her massaging my cock as she now leaned forward from the waist. I could see her globes topped off by very large distended nipples. Because she had also spread her legs, I could see for certain now that her pussy was indeed bald. As she gripped my erection and pumped her hand up and down the shaft, she took one finger and dipped the end into the stream of pre- cum flowing out the slit. She then pulled her cum coated fingers apart just to check and see how thick and sticky it was. Then she put it to her lips to taste my juice.

She smiled and whispered, "I think it's ready!"

With that she knelt astride me on the bed between my knees and leaned forward to take me into her mouth completely. In one smooth motion, she swallowed my entire erection, right down to my pubic hair, into the back of her throat. As she closed her lips around my shaft she started sucking and tugging on my cock. As she did this, her tongue danced around my shaft, licking it's length. She tickled the underside and coaxed more and more juice to flow. She then slid me out in one smooth motion, and took me back in with a solid slurping sound. As the head popped out of her mouth I could feel the suction break free. The more she slid me into and out of her mouth the harder I became. The harder I became, the more excited I got. Soon I felt like I was ready to explode and let all my juices flow into the back of her throat. The pressure Lisa put on me as she sucked me dry was huge. At times I felt like I was going to have my eyes sucked out of my head through my penis. As she bobbed up and down on my rock hard cock, I grabbed a couple of pillows and propped them behind my head so I could watch Lisa work on my erection. Her beautiful breasts swayed and wobbled as she worked on me. I reached out and touched one and started to caress a nipple. It felt hot and totally erect. I cupped her lovely boobs and let them sway together. I got a rhythm started as I swayed them from side to side, while I fingered and caressed them. I pulled on one nipple and made it stretch. Lisa began to moan with my cock in her mouth. That really felt wonderful. I'd never before felt the sensation of someone humming and moaning with me in their throat. It had been close to an hour since Lisa started to stroke my erection and fondle my balls. I felt like I couldn't take it any longer. I begged her make me cum. I pleaded for release so I could explode and shoot my load into her. She slid me out of her mouth and leaned over and kissed me deeply with her tongue. I tasted myself on her lips as she continued to stroke my cock.
