 My heart pounding in my chest as I wait in the dark room I rented only 20 minutes ago. After leaving his name for the man behind the desk, I had hurried up to the door so fast without even realizing he could be out there, watching and waiting. What will he be like? If he's anything like his photograph, I imagine he will be perfect. I recall his sweet words that spilled from my Gateway the night before. The way my heart lurched in my chest as he told me the dozen ways he wanted to make love. Unable to bear the longing I feel, the impatience as the clock on the wall ticks the seconds away. I take out one of the stories I printed. This one is my favorite one of them all. The beauty in his words always takes my breath away. Needing the distraction, I let my eyes guide my soul as I study his magnificent play on words.

My hand slides down to my thigh beneath my skirt, as I pull my silk panties off to the side. My index finger slides into the wetness and then up to circle my throbbing clit, as I read what is to me: his most astounding masterpiece. I tease myself with my thumb as I slide my fingers in and out of my pussy. Softly I begin to moan, the story long forgotten as I close my eyes, imagining him next to me. Oh, how I wish I could call him as I feel my tummy tighten. My legs start to shake as I think about the sound of his voice. I think about the way his growls and moans touch my very soul. As I remember, my body begins to shake and I cry out my release. I fall back onto the bed, exhausted from my efforts as the clock continues to tick. 

Hours later I awaken to the sound of running water. Disoriented, I pull myself up onto my elbows and look around the room. Heart skipping a beat as I realize what awoke me. The sound of the shower coming from the bathroom! In the little light the open bathroom door provides, I spot a second suitcase beside mine. He is here! I want to run to him, to pull him close to me. I still the urge to jump in the shower beside him and smother him in sweet kisses. What I wouldn't give to feel his nakedness. But I know that this must wait. I know that he'll come to me soon. So I lay back, and I wait. My palms are sweaty and my knees are shaking as I listen to the slow, steady ticking.

My wait is not long however, as I see him emerge from the steam. He is toweling his hair off and wearing only a pair of beige Khaki shorts and a big smile. His smile takes my breath away and eagerly I return it to him as our eyes meet for the very first time. His: the dark brown of cocoa beans. Mine: the crystal blue of the endless sea as depicted in the imagination of a brilliant painter. Both of us as captivated by the other as we stand for a moment and take each other in. Lost in the moment as the clock ticks silently, my beating heart drowning out it's reverie as I see my hearts desire for the very first time.

He is the first to move as he sweeps me into his arms and kisses me, first slow and sweet, gradually building to a fiery frenzy. His right hand cupping my head, fingers stroking my hair as he pulls me in closer; His left hand moving down my back, slowly but with purpose. I feel his fingers as they massage my lower back before his hand finds my buttocks and lifts me off the bed towards him, cupping them firmly. His intent made clear by the low growl in his throat as my arms wrap around his neck and the dance begins.

His right hand moves out of my hair and down to the string at my neck. His left hand comes up to aid the other as he unties the knot with his fingers and then moves down to lift the material up and over my head; leaving me standing there breathless as he takes a step back to admire his work. As he stands there gazing down at me, I bring my arms behind my back and undo the zipper, sending my skirt to the floor with a hushed whisper as it circles my feet. Turning around, I hook my fingers into the waist of my panties and seductively slide them over my hips allowing them to join the pile of fabric at my feet. His hands find my waist as he comes up behind me and his fingers make their way up my sides, exploring the smooth skin and subtle curves. 

I hear his breath catch in his throat as he slides my long hair to the side and then softly kisses the exposed area of my neck. I feel my knees begin to buckle as he whispers into my ear and I hear his voice for the very first time.

"So beautiful," He says to me as his fingers find my breasts.

I whisper his name as my head slides back against his shoulder, feeling his arm tighten around my waist as his free hand continues to explore the supple skin around my right nipple. I know he wants to, he knows I want him to. Yet still he slides his fingers along the skin of both breasts, taking care not to brush up against my now very hardened nipples. My skin turns to gooseflesh as he works his fluttering magic, stopping only long enough to turn his head to the side, mouth against my ear, and whisper my name in return.

The sound of our names emerging from one another's lips is like music, setting the tempo for this dance we have spoke about for so long. Whispering in the chat room our utmost desires, which now we are preparing to write upon our very souls. I reach down behind me and using both hands to pop the button of his shorts. His hands leave my body for the longest second of my entire life, to quickly slide his shorts to the floor. He turns me around to face him, his eyes twinkling as I look him over for the very first time. I blush when I see his hardness. Drawn by my own desire for him, my first impulse is to reach down and touch him. Giving into my desire I do just that, gasping as I feel how smooth and soft his skin is there.

I feel him twitch beneath my touch as let out a moan and slide to my knees before him. He is looking down at me now in amazement as I stroke him up and down. Driven by everything I've known of this man, from the stories he's shared, the fantasies we've played out, to the sound of his growls and cries when he would cum for me on the phone. I take his member firmly into my hand and slide my half parted lips along the underside of the shaft, flicking the skin with my tongue and delighting in the noises that escape him.

I slide my free hand down to cup his balls, my heart quickening when I hear him moan. He thrusts his hips forward as I begin to massage them while I devour the head of his manhood with half parted lips. I feel it begin to slide through my mouth as my muscles relax and I allow my tongue to carry him deep into my throat. Satisfied as my nose touches the skin of his belly and I hear him cry out. His hands find my head as he wraps his fingers through my silky hair and he guides me. 

He guides my mouth up and down, slowly at first and then faster as my tongue slides around his massive rod. Slowly, he takes my mouth just like we've talked about doing, so many times when we've played this night out. He takes control of his pleasure as I gaze up into his eyes and see his burning desire for me. My own lust building as he thrusts his cock in and out between my eager lips. 

With no warning, he pulls himself out of my mouth and picks me up into his strong arms and lays me down on the bed, taking special care to adjust the pillows behind my head and around me. He slides himself between my legs as he kisses me passionately. My head swims with desire as all my senses are aroused. The smell of his cologne is intoxicating and my skin burns under his touch. With every flick of his tongue and caress of his fingertips, my need for him grows stronger. Once no more than a screen name and mesmerizing voice over the phone, he has now appeared in the flesh before me and I cannot get enough of him. 

I gasp as his lips leave mine and trail down my neck. His fingertips caress my breasts, his lips following suit as he continues his downward journey. I am taken back by the beauty of his dark eyes as he looks into mine. His lips leave my breasts and travel down my tummy. He takes great satisfaction from lapping at my belly button, sending tingling sensations through my body as I moan and gasp from his attentiveness. His fingers find my pussy as he slides the index and middle finger inside, exploring my wetness, pressing up against the vaginal wall, as he sends shudders of ecstasy through my whole being. Before long his tongue finds my clitoris and he devours my pussy with both his fingers and his mouth. His eyes are hypnotic as he holds my gaze with his own, my hips push upwards, towards his attentions as I moan and gasp, revealing the pleasures he brings to me.

I throw my head back as my body begins to tremble and shake. His head between my legs, three fingers now, curled and delving in and out, he pushes them upwards against my cervix as his tongue slides through the folds of my pussy, pressing against the clitoral button. I hear him growl in delight as my cries become frenzied and my pussy begins to spasm. Lost in the throes of my orgasm I barely notice as his mouth leaves my southern fountain and moves upwards. Replacing the fingers with his large, thick cock as his mouth covers my own. I can feel his tongue caressing mine as we rock together in the unspoken, beautiful rhythm of our love. Bodies pressed together, hips moving in unison as my legs wrap around his lower back and my arms encircle his neck, fingers wrapping themselves in his soft, dark hair. 

The clock on the wall continues to tick the time, long since forgotten. Its reminder drowned out by our cries of passion as we cling to each other tightly. For now, if only for the moment, nothing else in the world matters except for the next 12 hours of bliss as we continue to explore and possess one another in every way imaginable. I am his, and he is mine, and at last, we are together. 

*

Author's Note:

This story is dedicated to Maximus The Great. Here's to wishes and dreams, and me and you babe.