 "Oh hell! Is that the time?" Fiona exclaimed, looking first at her watch and then at the clock on the wall. "Damn!"

"What time's your bus?" Craig enquired.

Fiona laughed. "About ten minutes ago," she replied with a resigned shrug. "Oh well, never mind. I guess I can have some more wine now and I can worry about a taxi when we're finally too tired to keep talking."

Craig shook his head. "No need wasting money on a taxi. It'll take me two minutes to make up the bed in the spare room."

"Are you sure?"

"Of course I am. What's more, I'm sure you'll be glad to know that my spare bed is a hell of a lot comfier than the couch you used to crash on at my old place."

Fiona smiled. "Thanks," she said, "And, actually, that old sofa wasn't that uncomfortable. I've slept on a lot worse."

Craig laughed. "Yeah, I'm sure you have. The tent at T in the park all those years ago does spring to mind for some reason." Fiona smiled at the memory. "Now," Craig continued, "Excuse me for a couple of minutes while I go and prepare your quarters."

"Do you want a hand?" Fiona asked.

"Don't be silly," Craig replied, "Pour yourself another glass, sit back and relax." He smiled. "Oh, and you can pour me one too while you're at it," he added.

Fiona did just that. All in all, she'd had a very nice evening catching up with Craig after all these years and, perversely, she was actually quite glad that she had missed her bus as it meant the evening didn't have to come to an abrupt end. It was almost as if the clock had been rolled back fifteen or so years to when they had been friends and later flatmates at University and had frequently had drink fuelled conversations that had gone on until the small hours of the morning.

They had been younger then, though. Quite a bit younger, Fiona thought a little ruefully to herself. Despite that, however, as the evening had progressed, the years had slipped away, taking with them all of the cares, concerns and responsibilities that had accumulated and they were once again, Craig and Fiona, putting the world to rights over a few too many drinks.

Craig returned a few minutes later. "All done," he said, "There's fresh towels at the end of the bed and I've dug out an old t-shirt that you can use as a night-dress, assuming you wear one."

Fiona smiled. "You're too kind," she said, "How can I ever repay you?"

Craig thought for a moment. "Hmm, well, I suspect it's probably best that I don't answer that," he replied.

"Oh? And why's that?" Fiona enquired.

Craig paused again. "Well," he said at last, "In my less than sober state, I may just, inadvertently mind you, make some inappropriate remark relating to the fact that I'm a man and you're a woman that would probably earn me a well deserved slap across the cheeks and ruin what had otherwise been a very nice evening."

"Craig Williamson!" Fiona exclaimed with mock indignation, smiling to take the sting out of her words, "Is that you coming on to me?"

"What would you do if it was?" he asked.

Fiona laughed. "I'd tell you that you've had too much to drink and that you should sit down and then we can get back to righting all the wrongs in this world with what's left of the wine."

"Fair enough, Fi," Craig said, sitting down on the sofa next to her and picking up his glass, "But I don't think we have nearly enough wine left for that."

"That's probably true," Fiona agreed, clinking her glass against Craig's, "But we should probably do what we can."

It was about 2am when, with a yawn, Craig announced, "I don't know about you, Fi, but I'm done in and I'm pretty sure I can hear my bed calling me."

"Yeah. Me too, I guess," Fiona agreed.

Reaching the doors of their respective bedrooms, Craig said, "Thanks for a really nice evening, Fi. Goodnight."

Fiona kissed him lightly on the cheek. "Goodnight, Craig," she replied.

Lying in bed in the dark, Fiona reflected on the conversation from earlier. Had Craig been serious when he'd made what seemed to be a pass at her, she wondered, or had he just been joking, having had too much to drink? Fiona couldn't decide. Their friendship had always contained a certain amount of bantering innuendo, but that was always what it had been; nothing more. Fiona conceded that that had been down to circumstance as much as anything else. For almost as long as they had known each other, one or other of them had been involved with someone else. Casting her mind back, Fiona realised that this was probably the first time in all the years they had known each other that they had both been single. What was more, they were both single and both under the same roof and that had definitely never happened before.

Maybe if she hadn't had as much to drink, Fiona wouldn't have made the decision she did. Rising from her bed, she made her way quietly through to the other room.

"What the... Oh. Um... Fi, what are you doing?" Craig asked as Fiona pulled back the covers and climbed into bed beside him.

"I'm getting into your bed," Fiona replied with aplomb.

"I, uh, can see that, Fi," Craig replied, "What I meant was why?"

Pausing only to slip out of the over-sized t-shirt she'd been wearing, Fiona replied, "Well, it's kind of like you said. I'm a woman, you're a man, and now we're in bed together. You don't mind do you?"

"Um, well, no, I guess not," Craig replied. "I mean if it's what you want, then you're very welcome."

"That's settled then," Fiona declared, curling up next to Craig. "I must say, it feels good to be snuggled up close to you like this. We really should have done this before," she said then kissed him.

"I would have jumped at the chance, Fi," Craig replied, "But, there again, I always assumed you weren't interested. If I had known..."

"Oh, I was always interested," Fiona interrupted, "But at least one of us was always involved with someone else, and I simply don't go there."

"Fair enough. I can't argue with that," Craig said.

"Good," Fiona replied, "But since neither of us are currently involved, I kind of thought, well, here I am. Do you mind?"

"Do you?"

"I wouldn't be here beside you right now, naked and in your bed if I did."

"Well Fi, if this is what you want, then I'm more than happy to accommodate you," Craig said.

"I think," Fiona replied coyly, "It's the other way round and, actually, it's me that will be accommodating you. At least, that's the way it usually works."

They both laughed.

"Now, ssshhh!" Fiona said, silencing Craig with a kiss, "Let's not waste any more time talking."

Fiona leaned forward to kiss Craig again as his hands began to roam all over her body. His hands reached up to cup and squeeze her pert, firm breasts as their lips pressed together. 

Fiona sat up and pushed Craig on to his back. She leant forward, her breasts rubbing against Craig's face. His tongue snaked out, licking over their soft skin. Fiona laughed as she shook her body, jiggling and bouncing her breasts against her his face, smothering him in her cleavage. 

Slowly, Fiona began to work her way down Craig's firm, well muscled body. The fine hairs on his chest rubbed against her erect nipples, adding to her growing excitement. 

"Ohhhhh, ahhhhh," Craig moaned as Fiona kissed his stomach, her breasts rubbing against the insides of his thighs, his cock sliding between her firm, fleshy globes. She smiled up at him as she reached down to press her breasts together, squashing his cock between them. 

"Oh, Fi! That's so good!" Craig gasped as Fiona rocked slowly back and forth, his cock sliding between her breasts. 

"Glad you approve," Fiona replied coyly before flicking her tongue over his knob as it poked from her cleavage. Craig groaned as Fiona coated the head of his cock with a warm film of saliva. 

"Damn!" Craig sighed, "Oh fuck yes!" he gasped as Fiona took his knob into her mouth and slowly slid her lips along his shaft. Craig's hips bucked slightly, forcing his cock deeper into Fiona's hot and hungry mouth. "Oh, Fi!" he moaned as she took the head into the back of her throat and swallowed repeatedly. 

Letting Craig's cock slip from her mouth, Fiona teased it with her breasts once more, letting them swing back and forth, brushing over its surface. "I hope you're enjoying this?" she asked in a voice made husky with arousal. 

"Oh hell yes, Fi!" Craig gasped, strain evident in his voice, "I... I'm now regretting all the opportunities we let pass us by all these years." 

"Good," said Fiona, "Me too."

Fiona turned around, her back towards Craig as she straddled his legs. "Now. Why don't you just lie back and enjoy the view?" she purred as she reached back between her legs to grip his shaft. "Mmmm, yessssss!" she sighed as she flicked Craig's knob over her swollen lips and clit, coating it in her juices. "I'm going to enjoy having this inside me," she purred. 

Fiona teased herself for several moments, adding to her arousal before guiding the swollen head of Craig's cock towards the warm, wet entrance of her pussy. 

"Ohhhhhhhhh!" she sighed as she pushed her hips back, feeling Craig's knob stretch her as she lowered herself slowly on to his cock, "I can't believe I've actually got you inside me at last. You've no idea how many times I've imagined this."

"Really?" Craig asked, slightly surprised by her admission.

"Yes, really," Fiona replied, "For almost as long as I've known you."

"Oh Fi!" Craig gasped as he felt the moist warmth of her pussy engulf his cock as she impaled herself on its length, "I... I never knew. I never even suspected." 

"So I, uh, gathered, mmmmmm!" Fiona replied, savouring the feeling of having Craig inside her.

Settling herself on him, Fiona flexed the walls of her pussy around Craig's cock. "Oh, Craig!" she moaned, "You feel sooo good inside me! So big! Soooo hard! My pussy feels sooo full! Mmmmmmm." 

Slowly at first then gradually increasing her pace, Fiona rocked her hips back and forth. Craig watched as his cock slid in and out of her pussy with a soft, wet squelching sound. Fiona flexed the walls of her pussy around his cock, milking his shaft inside her. "Oh God, Fi, I love that," Craig moaned as the sensations added to his increasing tension. Looking back over her shoulder, Fiona smiled as she clenched her pelvic muscles even tighter. 

Craig groaned as Fiona rode his cock with increasing abandon, coating it with the warm wetness of her juices as she impaled herself on its length. His hips began to buck, driving his cock deeper into her pussy as she slid up and down. 

Craig's moans, his heavy breathing and the way that his cock twitched and jerked inside her told Fiona that he was getting close to boiling point. She smiled as she heard his frustrated groan of disappointment as she slid off his shaft. "There'll be more of that later," Fiona purred as she turned around, positioning herself between his legs before leaning forward and taking his engorged knob into her mouth once more. 

"Oh Fi! That's so good," Craig moaned, his need for release growing as her her lips slid along his shaft. 

Pre-cum boiled from the slit as Fiona worked her lips up and down Craig's cock, savouring the taste of her own juices that coated its surface. Wrapping her fingers around the base, she began to pump up and down. Her fingers blurred as they worked in tandem with her lips, pushing Craig ever closer to the brink. 

Twisting his fingers in Fiona's hair as hiss breathing deepened even more, Craig's body became tense, his cock was as hard as steel in Fiona's mouth. "Oh fuck, Fi!" he gasped, "I can't hold on! I'm cumming!" he cried as he felt his seed begin to surge up from his balls. 

Fiona waited until the final second before letting Craig's cock slip from between her lips. It jerked violently as it exploded, sending a thick jet of hot cum into space between them, coursing through the air to splash against her neck. She pumped his shaft with her fingers. His cum spewed from his knob, showering her neck and breasts with its warm stickiness. 

Craig moaned as his cock disgorged its load. He watched, unable to speak as his cum dribbled over Fiona's breasts. As his torrent subsided, Fiona took him into her mouth once more to suck the final drops of his seed from his cock. 

Craig fell back, breathing hard. Fiona sat up, smiling as her hands began to rub his thick, sticky cum into her breasts. "My turn now," she purred coyly as she began to move upwards, stopping only when her thighs straddled Craig's head. 

Fiona lowered herself on to his waiting mouth. Craig needed no instruction as to what Fiona wanted from him. "Oooooohhhh, mmmmmm!" she sighed as Craig's tongue slipped between her moist lower lips. With a delicious feeling of dirtiness, Fiona continued to rub Craig's cum into her breasts as his tongue began to lap along her slit. She could feel her juices leaking from her pussy, dribbling over Craig's face as he feasted on her. 

"Oh fuck!" Fiona cried, squeezing her stiff, cum coated nipples as Craig's tongue danced over her clit. She ground her hips, pressing her mound against his mouth, adding to the friction of his tongue on her throbbing bulb. "Eat me, Craig!" she demanded. "Ohhhh yesssss! Eat my pussy!" 

Craig increased his pace as Fiona began to bump and grind against his mouth with increasing force. He could feel the first tremors of her impending orgasm rippling through her body. As the pressure inside her mounted, Fiona became increasingly vocal, urging Craig on with a seemingly endless stream of obscenities. Craig allowed himself a mental smile as she began to lose control. 

Always polite in everyday conversation, Craig found it amusing that Fiona could become increasingly foul mouthed as her arousal reached its peak. It was a side to her nature that he had never suspected existed during all the long years of their friendship. "I never took you to be type that liked to talk dirty," Craig teased, pausing briefly from feasting on her pussy.

"That's, mmm, oh... only because you've n... never, ahhhhh, had me in bed bef... ohhhh... re," Fiona replied. "D... does it shock you?"

"Uh, um, a little, I guess," Craig admitted, pausing again, "But don't let that stop you. It's nice to know you're enjoying it."

"Ohhhh, I am. I ammmmmmmm!" Fiona replied dreamily as Craig's tongue worked its way between her moist folds again. "Now, quit talking and keep licking!" she demanded.

Relishing the intense sensations that Craig's tongue was giving her, Fiona surrendered herself to them. Only Craig, and those of her former boyfriends who had taken her to such heights had ever heard Fiona use the sort of language she employed when lost in the throes of passion. Her numerous friends, colleagues and associates would be shocked if they could hear her now but, as intense waves of pleasure consumed her, Fiona didn't care. 

"Oh God! Ohh fuck! Ohh yes! Ohhhhhh Craig! Eat my pussy! Fuck me with your tongue!" Fiona cried as her body began to shake violently, her juices streaming from her pussy as she came. Craig's tongue beat mercilessly on her swollen clit. He savoured the taste of Fiona's essence as it flooded his mouth. 

Fiona shook, crying out with every touch of Craig's tongue. Her arousal peaked again and again as waves of pleasure washed over and through her. "Ooooooohhhhhh ffffuuuuuccccckkkkk!!!" she cried as she forced herself to roll away, unable to endure any more of the intense sensations that held her in their grip. 

Breathing hard, she cuddled up to Craig, forcing her body to obey her will as she wrapped her arms around him, holding him tightly against her. Her body still shook as she kissed Craig lightly on the lips, tasting her juices, inhaling the scent of her pussy on his breath. 

"You enjoyed that, I trust?" Craig asked softly, feeling the pounding of Fiona's heart inside her breast, "I know I did." 

"Oh fuck, yes," Fiona replied in a breathless whisper, "That was amazing. I always imagined that it would be good, but I never imagined it would be that good!" 

"Me neither," Craig admitted, "I'm just glad I acquitted myself so well."

"You most certainly did," Fiona replied, running her fingers lightly over his body, "And I'm not finished with you yet!"

They kissed again, this time with increasing passion. Fiona reached unerringly for Craig's cock as her tongue danced in his mouth. His resurgent member stiffened slightly in response to her touch as her fingers lovingly stroked and caressed it. "Do you think it needs a little encouragement?" she asked.

"What sort of encouragement did you have in mind?" Craig asked.

"Oh, I don't know," Fiona replied coyly, "I just thought it might like a bit of a helping hand, or maybe even a helping mouth."

Craig smiled. "I don't know if encouragement is strictly needed but it would definitely be welcomed," Craig replied.

"Oh, good," Fiona purred as she began to kiss her way down over Craig's chest and stomach, lightly stroking his cock as she moved. 

Reaching his cock, Fiona began to kiss and lick it all over, occasionally running her tongue over his balls. Craig's cock grew increasingly stiffer in response to her gentle ministrations. "Your powers of persuasion are pretty impressive, Fi," Craig teased. "They definitely seem to be working."

"So I noticed," Fiona replied with aplomb, "Do you think a bit of a suck might be suitably encouraging? Just to be certain it's up to the task, you understand?"

Craig laughed. "I'm almost certain it would be," he admitted.

Fiona laughed too. Once again, she knelt between Craig's legs. Holding his cock lightly, she leaned forward. "OK then, here goes," she said then ran her tongue along its underside, tracing a warm wet path from his balls to his knob. 

"Oh fuck, Fi, that's fantastic," Craig moaned as her tongue swirled over the surface of his cock. "Oooohhhh yessss!" he gasped as she wrapped her lips around the head and took it deep into her mouth. 

Fiona tilted her head to one side. Craig could see his knob pressing her cheek outwards from inside her mouth. "Mmmmmmm, fuck," he groaned as she tickled his balls lightly with one fingertip while her lips slid easily up and down his shaft, tonguing the head as she sucked. 

Fiona could tell exactly how much Craig was enjoying her attentions as his cock continued to swell and grow stiffer in her mouth. His gasped appreciation of her attentions increased her own arousal. Slowly, she took him in deeper, until the head lodged in the back of her throat. "Oh fuck, Fi!!!!" Craig groaned appreciatively as Fiona began to swallow, the walls of her throat closing tightly around his swollen knob as her tongue licked the underside of his shaft, "I... I can't believe I n... never let you do this before." 

Feeling immensely pleased with Craig's appreciation of her skills, Fiona was momentarily torn, once again, between the desire to use her mouth to give Craig the maximum possible pleasure and the need to feel his cock inside her again, stretching and filling her pussy as it plunged in and out. 

Making her decision, she gave Craig's cock one last long, hard suck, her head blurring as it bobbed rapidly up and down. As Craig's hips began to thrust upwards, driving his cock into her mouth, she reluctantly pulled away. 

"I was enjoying that," Craig complained.

"I should hope so too," Fiona replied with mock indignation, "But it's possible to have too much of a good thing and I have other plans for that lovely big cock of yours." She gave him a wicked smile, her dark brown eyes smouldered with desire. "So, are you ready to give me a good seeing-to?" she asked in a voice that made Craig's heart pound faster. 

"Oh God, yes!" moaned Craig as Fiona slipped her legs outside his and began to move upwards. 

"Good!" replied Fiona, reaching back between her legs to grasp Craig's cock, guiding it towards her entrance, "Because what I really need right now is a bloody good, hard fuck. Will you give me what I want?" she asked, sliding him into her. 
