 I was sitting in the WorldClub in Detroit at noon, counting the hours down until Lily was to join me. It was our first business trip together, and I was definitely looking forward to mixing business with pleasure. We were heading to see a client in San Francisco, and turning the Friday morning meeting into a long weekend in Napa Valley sipping wine and finding new and exciting places to make love. Unfortunately, all I had for now was about six hours of waiting, as Lily's flight in from Minneapolis wasn't due in until six. An hour and a half later we'd be on the plane, hopefully resting enough to do more than just sleep when we hit the bed at our hotel the night before the meeting.

At the moment, I was running through a couple of dozen scenarios on what would happen just after the hotel door opened, somewhere around twelve hours from now. Not surprisingly, every one of them included a healthy dose of Lily's hot mouth sucking my hard cock.... Not surprisingly, my cock was, in fact, very hard, thinking about Lily's lips moving up and down on me, teasing a load of hot cum out of me and into her greedy mouth. Never one to fail to return a favor, there was an equal amount of time devoted to my tongue ravaging her luscious pussy, and any one of twenty different positions where I made sure in my mind that she lost track of her orgasms. 

I closed my eyes and leaned my head back slightly, with an open magazine carefully covering the bulge that my jeans couldn't begin to cover. The first glass of wine, on a relatively empty stomach, had me trying to figure out ways to move up the time for us to be together. Nothing I could think of, short of sneaking in a blow-job on the plane (assuming Lily had a couple drinks and no one was in the seat next to us) was going to help.

The second glass of wine convinced me that it would be worth the embarrassment that would be caused after we walked out of the airplane lavatory together at 40,000 feet after a hasty fuck. I only hoped Lily would be wearing a skirt for the trip, because my mind was feverishly planning how I was going to lean her up against the wall, lift her skirt up and drive my raging hardon into her hot, tight, soaking wet pussy. This was a lot less about joining the "mile high" club, and a lot more about fulfilling a basic need, the need for my woman's body, a need that had increased as we spent more time together. I envisioned every stroke, and the feel of her breasts as I reached around her and cupped them, pinching her nipples, loving the feel of her ass grinding back against me, pulling me farther inside her, the muscles rippling against my cock, trying desperately to milk everything from me. 

Something soft and familiar intruded on my fantasy, a scent that did nothing to calm my cock. I cursed the unknown woman silently, knowing I was five hours away from the woman who normally wore that particular Victoria's Secret scent, and telling myself that if she was going to tease me with her smell, she ought to have the decency to give me a quick fuck while I waited for the real thing. Without warning, I felt a hand slide under the magazine, knowing exactly where to put a hand for maximum effect, and a very familiar voice quietly whispering "is this for me?" followed by a hot tongue flicking deep inside my ear adding an exclamation point.

"What the hell?" I said as I jerked out of my fantasy, feeling her sit close to me on the couch in the secluded part of the club I'd been sitting in to pass the time. "Baby... what are you doing here? Did the meeting go all right?"

"Two additional projects later this year, Mr. President, Sir. They liked your report and my presentation, and it didn't hurt that I didn't wear a bra at the meeting and sucked off the Vice President in the break room before I left." Lily winked as a flash of jealousy shot across my face. She even managed to giggle as she added "Gotcha!" just before I was about to tell her I was never letting her out of my sight again. She added that she'd been able to grab an early flight and wanted to surprise me.

Lily was leaning across my body, punctuating every phrase with a kiss, soft at first, then more insistently, her left hand never letting go of my cock. I suppose I should have been a little more discreet, but it was a quiet corner, we were facing the other direction and there were only a few people in the room, and frankly, the hot little thing sitting next to me was more intoxicating than a half dozen drinks. Her right hand held my hand, and brought it up to her chest, loosening a button on her silk blouse and pulling my hand inside, where I found out she'd actually managed to take her bra off somehow before she sat down with me. Her hard nipple burned the center of my palm as I slowly squeezed my baby's tit. "Surprise," Lily said. "I figured I deserved a bonus for this project, and looking a little slutty in public is just the right way to start."

I couldn't resist a smile as I thought of my highly competent, professional, classy, always proper fiancé talking about how much she loved looking a little slutty. Never one to shirk from a public display of affection, I continued to massage her breast as she sat up a little straighter to tell me about the meeting and her flight to see me. She gave me more details, but it was clear that her mind was drifting, and she had to keep repeating herself to make her points. I had one of her points firmly in hand, and made sure that her hard nipple was getting a lot of attention. The breast massage was getting to her, and she closed her eyes slightly and her hand began an almost unconscious pulsing and stroking rhythm on my cock. This was all well and good, but it was going to end up with me spilling my load in my underwear, and Lily likely to be frustrated all the way to San Francisco.

The math was simple. Horny couple that hadn't seen each other in a week. Hard cock, soaked pussy, and at least 12 hours now until a hotel room was available. Although only part of my brain was working, it was able to do the math. Not enough time to get a room at the airport hotel, even if a room was available (which it wasn't, as I'd already checked). Too public right here, and not only would we get kicked out of the club if she mounted me right here, we'd probably have to leave the airport and we'd miss the important flight. A stroke of brilliance, born as much out of impending need rather than intelligence, hit me.

"Baby.... Baby" I said slowly, as I removed my hand from Lily's warm full breast and closed the button. "Don't lose that thought... I'm going to get us a room." 

"What? Huh" was all she said, but she leaned back and with a quick final squeeze, she said "Hurry back or I'm going to jump the next guy that walks by." Properly motivated, I went to the front desk, and quite properly asked the desk attendant how I might go about using one of the several showers the club made available. Finding out that it was merely a token $20 charge for an hour's use, and that the individual facilities each had a shower stall and small dressing room, I quickly handed her my club card and charge card and got a key. I walked back to the couch to Lily, who had her eyes closed and, unbelievably, was actually cupping her own breast gently, much to the obviously frustrating dismay of two middle-aged businessmen who'd taken their seats a few rows over.

I bent down and breathed in her ear to grab her carry-on and follow me. She got up and arranged her clothes quickly, although no amount of straightening was going to hide the hard nipples poking through the tight silk blouse covering her breasts, straining at the fabric and pulling the buttons apart. I was proud of my hot little lady as every male head turned to follow her with their eyes as I pulled her toward the back of the club where the showers and meeting rooms were located. 

Quickly opening the door and furtively pulling her inside, I pulled Lily into me, our hands groping each other in pure lust and desire. Clothes were coming off quickly but carefully, as Lily was wearing the suit she needed for the next day's meeting. I reveled in her body as her clothes came off; Lily had never failed to turn me on, and even 20 years after the first time I'd taken her in my bed in the fraternity house, I felt the same heat and flush through my body as I prepared to do everything I could to make my Lily scream.

"Let's get in the shower, Jack," Lily purred into my ear as she sashayed past me, twitching her ass seductively at me. She turned the shower on high and hot and the steam started filling the shower room. In moments all I could see was her outline. She'd brought shampoo and soap into the shower and handed them to me, "ordering" me to clean her off. I started running the bar of soap over her body, paying close attention to every inch of sweet soft sexy skin. Lily turned her back to me rubbing her now soapy ass cheeks against my cock, causing it to slip between them. She leaned forward as I began soaping her breasts, arching her back like a cat, and moving my hard cock between her cheeks, against her asshole and between the hot lips of her pussy, whose pink lips were pouted open with desire. The woman who was panting with immediate need ten minutes earlier was now fully in her element and bound and determined to make it last. She turned back to face me and lifted her arms to rinse off her body in the hot streaming water, resting her arms on my shoulders and then pulling my mouth to hers in a deep long kiss.

"Do my hair" was her next order. I poured shampoo into my palms and began running my fingers through her shoulder-length hair. She turned around and leaned back against me as I ran my fingers from front to back, gently scrubbing. I teased her about how it was a hard position to work in, and twisting her head around to give me a light nip on the lip, she said that she thought she had just the answer. I continued to work my hands in her hair as Lily started kissing her way down my chest, dropping slowly to her knees in the shower. 

"This is a much better position for both of us, don't you think?" She looked directly at me as she said it, never losing contact with my eyes, as one hand directed my cock to her mouth. She kissed it, tongue flicking at the head, and gave a moan that I know was designed specifically for my pleasure. She continued to work her tongue over my cock, licking it all over, even pulling it to the side so she could suck my balls into her mouth, one at a time, never breaking eye contact.

My fingers tightened in Lily's hair as her oral assault continued, unconsciously having a scrubbing effect while the real intent was to force my cock down her throat. Like an actress in a porn movie, she refused to break eye contact with me, leaving no doubt that she was doing what she wanted most, with the man she wanted most, and that I was supposed to know it. I continued to wash her hair as she started a slow movement up and down on my cock, alternately playing with the head and devouring me until her lips reached my balls and the only evidence of my cock was the bulge in her throat. Lily's cock-sucking talent is mind numbing and it never ceased to amaze me that so much pleasure could be given and that she took so much enjoyment out of it. I really felt that she enjoyed it even more than me, and that feeling took me again, as I felt my cock grow in response to her ministrations. I knew she enjoyed it as well as a murmur of delight escaped her lips.

The hot water from the shower continued to beat down on us, the steam filling the room completely. We were totally relaxed, and oblivious to the world around us. Lily's hair was washed and thoroughly rinsed by now, but I got the feeling that she wanted to finish this before moving on to any other pleasures. "Remember what I told you about how much I like dessert?" she said, talking to me around the head of my cock. 

"About how you like your whipped cream straight from the can?"

"Mmmm hmmmm... that's right. Can I have some of my bonus for dessert, or did you waste it fantasizing about me this week?"

"Honey, I built up the supply thinking about you," I told her, looking down at those beautiful lips, lovingly wrapped around my cock. "Anytime you want it, Lily, there's an everlasting supply."

Barely able to see my face through the steam anyway, Lily closed her eyes and concentrated on my cock. Her mouth hummed, up and down; slowly she worked my cock into her mouth. Occasionally she'd pull off, letting my cock rest on her cheek as she licked and sucked my balls. Sometimes she'd pump gently with her hand, holding just the tip of my cock in the "o" of her thumb and index finger as she licked the head. Sometimes one hand would squeeze my balls. Lily was a woman possessed, and I was the lucky recipient of her obsession.

All I was able to do was lean against the shower wall, thankful it was there to hold me up. Lily found the bar of soap and rubbed a lather between her hands while she sucked me. She rubbed the lather on my ass cheeks, and slowly nudged me to spread my legs slightly. In moments she was rubbing the sensitive skin between the base of my balls and my asshole, sending additional pleasure signals into my brain. Almost without effort, her soapy index finger slid deep inside me, at the same time her torrid mouth fully engulfed my cock. 

Lily began a slow rhythm, alternately sucking my cock and fucking my ass with her finger. My fingers unconsciously tightened again in her hair, the pleasure taking me off somewhere I couldn't ever remember being. I felt another short stab of pleasure as I felt a second finger joining the first in its assault. As the two fingers explored the inside of my body, the pleasure grew, and so did my cock, as I felt it expand in her mouth. Lily gave a little purr of pleasure as I stretched her lips further, and with a knowledge of exactly where I was, she pushed the two fingers as deep as she could and created an incredible suction in her mouth.

Words weren't even necessary. Lily felt the pulsing in my balls, and then my cock, and let my cock slide out enough so that she could take the entire load of cum into her mouth. All I could do was groan in time with the jetting of my hot jism into Lily's waiting mouth. The relief was incredible, nearly as much as the sheer joy of having a lover who knew exactly what to do to continuously take me over the edge. Reluctantly, I felt her lips leave my cock and her fingers leave my now open ass. She slithered her body up against me and reached up to pull my head down to hers. She pushed a tiny drop of cum out of the corner of her mouth to show me that she hadn't yet swallowed. Lily then seductively opened her mouth, her tongue white and her mouth filled with my cream. Without warning she pulled my mouth to hers, forcing her cum covered tongue deep into my mouth, into a sloppy cum-kiss. I tasted myself in her mouth, enjoying the sharing. Greedy Lily then proceeded to swallow it all, and licked and sucked every drop that she'd shared with me out of my mouth, all the while fondling my cock and reaching back between my legs to play with my ass.

I knew that it would only be fair to return the favor, and planned to make it last long enough so that my cock could recover and I could giver her a proper fuck. 

"Mmmmmmmm..... Lily... want to do something I've always wanted you to do?"

Lily giggled... "You mean that wasn't something you've always wanted?" It always amazed me how sexy she got when she laughed her little laugh.

"No Baby, you know full well that you could do that continuously, and I'd never get tired of it. I just thought that while we were in this steamy shower, we might want to see how you look without a hair on your body."

"Ohhhhhh.... Does my man want a bare pussy? Having a naughty little girl fantasy?"

"Well yes," I laughed... "although that's not exactly why I suggested it... it's just that some of the little treats I bought you to wear on the trip might look even better that way."

"Well, I have yet to say no to you yet, so why should I stop now? But wait a second... what about you?"

"Lily, did you ever wonder why you've never found a stray hair in your mouth when you're sending me to heaven? I've been shaving my cock and balls since that first time you sucked on my in my bedroom. I thought you'd like it."

"You sweet thing!" Lily cooed. "Well, I suppose fair is fair! Are you going to do the honors? And can I trust you?" "Of course, Babe.... Just sit back on that bench... close your eyes and let your man make you even more sexy."

I reached into my bathroom kit and pulled out my beard trimmer. Lily tensed slightly as she heard the buzzing, but she was true to her word and trusted me. I started on a higher setting, running it through the tight curls that surrounded her pussy. Finishing that, I changed the setting, trimming the hair as short as possible, except for a tiny little triangle above her clit that I thought would be as sexy as if she was completely shaved. I shivered slightly imagining how the thongs I'd bought her would look later on this trip.... and then got back to work.

Using a high-end shaving gel I used on my own sensitive skin, I worked up a lather and covered the area that would soon be nothing but silky smooth skin. I alternated gentle strokes with the razor on her hair with delicate licks of her clit and the inner lips of her pretty pussy. At times I had to pause to just enjoy the sight, and the taste. I carefully removed every hair but the ones I'd left deliberately in place, leaving Lily's pussy lips and asshole standing out even more than they had. True to the promise of the gel (and true to how it left my neck!), the skin that I'd exposed was soft, silky and absolutely beautiful. At the sight I felt my cock hardening again, knowing that I'd be seeing it probing deeply within the folds of Lily's lower lips soon.

Lily had yet to open her eyes. I put away my shaving equipment and knelt again between her legs. I repositioned the shower head so that the water was dripping on her breasts, leaving a river that flowed between them and down to her pussy. My mouth opened wide, and I covered her pussy completely, letting my lips draw her lips in and creating suction on her clit. With my mouth still covering her outer lips, I flicked the tip of my tongue against her clit, eliciting a shudder each time. Alternately sucking and licking, I teased her incessantly, with an occasional stroke below her pussy and around the rim of her asshole, and punctuated my assault with deep probes into the depths of her hot and now thoroughly flowing pussy.

Lily finally opened her eyes as I pulled my head off her and rearranged myself to continue. Her expression let me know she liked what she saw, and almost unconsciously she moved a hand to caress herself, feeling the skin she hadn't touched since puberty. 

"It feels sooooo good," Lily purred again, as she slipped a finger inside her pussy, slowly fucking herself with her middle finger as the others stroked the skin outside her lips, and the exposed area surrounding the little patch of hair I'd left. "I like!"

I slid a finger inside her pussy to join her own, something we'd never done before. The feeling was electric, and I lowered my mouth to her clit, alternating licking it with licking and sucking on the two fingers that moved in and out of her, tasting her flowing juices. Determined to return her favor from earlier, I slipped a second finger inside, so that Lily now had three fingers inside her pussy. It was only long enough to get it wet, however, as one finger slid down to find its way inside her back door. That was too much for Lily, and she pulled her finger out, letting my mouth and fingers focus on her. Taking a cue from her earlier display, I made and locked eye contact with my fiancé, my mouth working her clit, and two fingers working inside her in two different places. Never one to be upstaged, she lifted her hands to her breasts, cupping them and squeezing them in a way that she knew turned me on. I'll never know if she got as much pleasure from it as I did, but seeing Lily rolling and squeezing her nipples with her fingers as I strained to please her between her legs finished the job of raising my cock back to attention. Seconds later, I felt the clamping on my finger as Lily came, internal muscles rippling against me, and I felt what was usually reserved for my cock.
