 It was a Friday night and, unusually, but since this was my first Friday night in a new town, I had agreed to go out clubbing with my mate, Jeff. I usually spent Friday nights with my girlfriend, but tonight she was working so I thought "why the hell not" and jumped in a cab with Jeff and headed for a club most popular with us students: like any club of this nature, cheap drinks, loud music and scantily clad women were all prevalent.

The night went one pretty much uneventfully, a lot of drinking and not too much dancing - I despise dance music. My friend and I were standing at a table singing along to a solo guitarist at the back of the club when I noticed a 20-or-so year old girl dancing alone nearby. Apparently my friend had noticed her too as he promptly left me and made his way over to her. After he bought her a drink and had a dance he brought her over and introduced me.

"How you doin'?" I asked "I'm Rob"

"Doin' alright Rob, I'm Lisa" She said this to me with a very interested look on her face and never batted an eye.

Don't look at me like that I thought to myself. Firstly, my best friend is clearly pretty keen on you and secondly I have a girlfriend. She wasn't the best looking woman I've ever seen but you know what they say a few beers'll do to a man - and I was already imagining what she would look like naked. I attempted to act nonchalantly.

"So what do you do with yourself, Lisa?" I asked

"I'm an apprentice hairdresser she replied"

"Cool!" my friend exclaimed "Rob could use a haircut" he was motioning to my slightly too long and always shabby haircut I was sporting at the time.

Lisa looked at me and giggled, "I don't think there's anything wrong with it," she said "but if you want I'll give you my card and you can make an appointment."

"Yeah go on Rob, get her card" my mate piped up. There was never any mystery as to why he never got laid.

Lisa moved over to me and whispered in my ear "I'll only give it to you in private..." or something to that effect.

I looked down at her face and caught a very mischievous grin and a wink. Great, i thought, here we go... I thought I'd better nip this in the bud while I still have some semblance of self-control. I leant down to her ear so my friend couldn't hear us, 

"As much as I'd love to, I don't think that'd be such a great idea" I said, hoping my insincerity wasn't showing.

"Why not" she giggled, bumping me with her hip.

"Because I have a girlfriend" I said positively

"So?" she answered slowly, tugging on the hem of my shirt. "I won't tell if you won't..." 

"But my mate over there seems pretty keen for you too... I really couldn't do that to him" 

"I know he wants me.." she said matter-of-factly, "but I want you" It didn't seem she was going to take no for answer.

Fantastic I thought as I felt her hand move down my back and over my ass. I became conscious at this time of my cock not wanting her to stop.

"What am I supposed to tell him" I said

"Just tell him that you're going to walk me out to my car" she grinned wryly. As good an excuse as any I thought as I strolled over to Jeff.

"She won't fucking let me go man" I said to him

"Just tell her to piss off" 

"I can't," I didn't tell him I didn't want to, "she just wants me to walk her out to her car, and then she's gone."

"Bullshit she does" he was right but I didn't care

"Just give me 10 minutes to get her to her car and then come looking for me, O.K?"

"Righto mate, but be careful" he warned me, then I was gone.

I hurried back to where Lisa was talking to one of the security guys and gave her a nudge as I walked by. She looked at me, smiled, excused herself and we were walking out of the club into the street. Across the road in a dimly lit undercover carpark I followed her to a far corner on the third floor where her car was parked. I thought Jeff would have trouble finding me here if he came looking as she turned and faced me. 

For the first time I really took in what she looked like, everything seemed to have happened all so quickly up till now. She wasn't very tall, about up to my shoulders, she had shoulder length blonde hair with a face that reminded me of the slutty chick, Jen, from 'Dawson's Creek'. A fairly slender figure as I remember, small, perky breasts were covered by a small crop top showing off a perfectly flat stomach down to a very nice arse in a very tight skirt. Lisa leant back on the car door in a way that really turned me on. 

"I was watching you all night, Rob..." she said before sighing, "but I guess it's time for me to go, isn't it?" she whimpered mockingly, teasing me. 

She pushed her self off the car toward me. Our faces were only inches away, I thought of my girlfriend, I thought of Jeff and then thought "what the fuck" and we were kissing. Lisa pressed her thigh between my legs, my hard cock grinding against her, I pulled her arse closer into me as I explored her mouth with my tongue. We stood there kissing and rubbing eachother for a long few minutes until she broke away from me and took a step back, hooking her fingers inside the top of my jeans. In an incredibly sexy voice she said to me, 

"I think we would have really great sex" Fuck I was turned on.

"I couldn't agree more" 

The feeling of her cool fingers against the warm skin of my stomach made my cock stand straight up, hard as a rock. She stretched out her fingers and I felt them come into contact with my dick, she softly stroked me with her fingertips, smothering pre-cum all around the head of my cock.

"How does it feel to have another girl's hands on your dick?" she asked me.

What could I say? I just moaned.

"What do you think it would feel like down my throat?" she continued, I wondered if she was trying to make me cum in my pants. 

Before I could answer she had undone my belt and jeans and was stroking the full, exposed length of my cock. My jeans dropped to the concrete floor and she quickly followed. Her face was lined up perfectly with the tip of my cock and as she continued to pull me off with long, smooth strokes she glanced up at me and our eyes locked, she kept staring at me as she enveloped the head of my dick with her mouth, I felt her tongue swirling around inside her mouth as she massaged the head of my cock with her lips and tongue. I couldn't believe how good this was feeling, she hadn't even fully taken me into her mouth and I already felt like cumming. 

At that a point a low groan unconsciously left my mouth and I saw her head bob down onto my shaft, I felt the tip of my cock bump against the back of her mouth then slowly squeeze through the opening into her throat, she started working up and down on my cock in faster motions, letting my cockhead squeeze into her throat every time. I felt her other hand reach under and cup my balls, she extended a finger and ever so lightly stroked the area between them and my asshole. I couldn't hold my orgasm back any longer, just as I felt the cum rise in my cock she withdrew and squeezed the tip of my dick. She's done this before I thought. 

Lisa continued to squeeze me until my feelings of cumming had subsided, "Nice Trick" I smiled down at her.

"Thanks, but I hope you don't mind?" She replied

"Not at all" I said. I certainly didn't want to cum yet... we were just getting started.

She got to her feet and her face came within inches of mine, she leant forward and kissed me hard on the mouth, her tongue still tasted of my cock and it turned me on incredibly to taste myself in her mouth. I felt my dick starting to grow in her hand again.

I continued to kiss her madly, moving my attention to her neck. Her body smelt so sexy, the smell of fucking and cigarettes was intoxicating. I let my hands roam all over her body, under her shirt and across her hard nipples, I slid my fingers lightly over her firm stomach and down the sides of her thigh. I came to the hem of her short skirt and lifted it up while running my hand up the inside of her thigh, I felt the warmth and wetness of her panties as the side of my hand came into contact with her slit, I started rubbing her clit slowly through her underwear. 

Lisa started to moan and I reached around to her zipper and undid it, her skirt became loose and I let it drop to the ground next to my jeans. She was standing there in front of me naked from the waist down bar a lacy g-string, she obviuosly planed on getting some tonight, I thought. 

I moved her to the bonnet of the car and leant her against it. I hooked my fingers around the top of her g-string and pulled it down over her knees, I let it drop to the floor and knelt in front of her. Lisa spread her legs slightly apart and braced herself against the car, she knew what was coming and wasn't going to wait for it. I had different ideas. I ran my fingers lightly up and down her thighs, purposely avoiding her pussy. I was kneeling right in front of her and could make out a completely clean shaven cunt. How sexy can one girl be! I screamed to myself.

I leant in and ran my tongue up the crease were her thigh meets her slit and down the other side, still teasing her and savouring the baldness of her pussy.

"Oh fuck yes" I heard her mumble from above as she pushed her pussy into my face.

I inserted my tongue at the bottom of her slit and licked slowly upward, past her opening and over her clit. Another moan escaped her mouth when I felt the hardness of her clit under my tongue. My fingers made their way up to her hole and I pressed down on her clit with tip of my tongue as I entered her with one finger. My mouth completly closed over her clit as I slowly moved my finger in and out of her wet pussy.

"Oh fuck yes Rob, suck my clit..." 

She had been talking to me the whole time and it was turning me on like you wouldn't believe. I couldn't help but pull myself off with my free hand as I sucked on her clit and inserted another finger.

I started moving my fingers in and out in rhythm with my sucking and Lisa was soon thrusting herself into my face. I pulled my fingers out of her and moved my tongue to her opening, letting my (longer than usual) tongue slide into her, I relished the taste of her juices as they streamed over my mouth. She started fucking my tongue like it was a cock and I just sat there enjoying the ride. Lisa was literally yelling at me now.

"Shit Rob, Shit! I want your cock in me... Shit!" 

She continued fucking my tongue but I got the impression she'd rather my dick, so I stood up and sat her on the bonnet of the car. She laid back and spread her legs for me.

My cock was a raging hard on and I lined it up with her pussy, slowly I entered and she arched her back as I slid my full 8 inches smoothly all the way into her. We both groaned loudly and I started thrusting in and out of her as deep as I could, Lisa was pushing back into me in time with my thrusts and I was looking down on her arched body as I held onto her hips - sex had never been so good.

Feeling the cum rising in my cock I took the opportunity to stop and ease my urges. I withdrew my cock from her and turned her around so she was bent over the bonnet of the car. Admiring her flawless arse I slowly lined my cock up with her opening once again, and rubbed it up and down her slit, pressing it hard onto her clit as it slid by. I entered her again, managing to slide my dick even further into her than before. Lisa cried out as my stomach pressed up against her arse cheeks. I felt her legs spread part a little more as she slid her hand between her thighs, she was rubbing her clit furiously as I continued to thrust in and out of her while she pushed back on me. She kept urging me to go harder and deeper, I kept building up speed and pounding into her until I couldn't take it anymore. 

"Ooohhh, Fuck!" I yelled as I felt the cum rising in my shaft and the orgasm building in my whole body.

"Wait for me, Rob..." She pleaded in a tight voice. "I'm nearly there..."

I was desperately trying not cum but we were going so hard, there was absolutley no way I was going to stop it if it wanted to come.

"I can't hold it any longer!" I managed through clenched teeth.

Just as the first spurt of my cum filled her cunt, she screamed "Oh shit!, yes, yes... cumming!" 

I felt her pussy contract around my cock as she started to cum and I kept fucking her until I was completely dry and she had come down from her orgasm. I withdrew my dick and she turned around to face me, we both had grins on our faces as we pressed against eachother and kissed.

"Now that is something I'll never forget!" I exclaimed

"I should hope not! I've never done anything like that before in my life!" She said 

"Like what?" I asked "fucking a stranger?"

"No..." she laughed "I've never fucked so fucking hard for so long... in a public car park!"

I laughed as she reached down to pull her g-string back over her wet pussy.

"...anyway, maybe I'll see you again sometime?" she said as she reached into her car.

"I fuckin' hope so!" I grinned, as I typed my number into her mobile.