 After work Friday night my husband and I went to our friend Maddie's. We knew Maddie from college, and she liked to host. She had a regular group, us included, that would show up most Friday's of the month for some drinks. Sometimes there was new blood. It was a good way for my husband and I to socialize, relative to the bar scene, or a dance class or something like that.

Maddie had a nice apartment and was from a wealthy family. She'd been in a sorority in college. We'd met a few times at parties then, but hadn't really become friends until after school. She was a jovial hostess, and made sure that my glass stayed full of white wine. Maddie also liked games. Card games, board games. She liked to get her friends drunk, and then make them play games.

All of us, about 6 total, including Maddie were in her living room when she announced it was game time. "All right," Maddie said, standing near the center of the room. She had a glass of wine in her right hand. She was wearing a shade of bright red lipstick. "I didn't have a lot of time to plan something this week, but stick with me. We're going to play an oldy but a goody- Five minutes in heaven."

There were some groans around the room. I looked at my husband. He rolled his eyes. Earlier in the week, Maddie had told me she was hoping a certain guy would attend. He was in attendance. Maddie wasn't busy all week. She was horny. 

But the groans didn't dissuade Maddie. She cleared the coffee table, and put a pointer in the middle of the table. "Oh, also," Maddie said. "You can't go to heaven with your spouse. That would be cheating. Now circle up."

It was a testament to Maddie's personality that we all did as we were told. "Five minutes is a long time," My husband said. We were sitting next to each other at the table when Maddie spun the pointer. All eyes watched until it stopped, and, when it did, there was a chorus of "ooohs," and "aaaaahs." We were all being very middle school about this. The chosen pair were regulars, the woman married, and we'd spoken several times before. They looked at each other, shrugged, and stood up. On the way to the back bedroom where the five minutes was to occur, the female of the pair slapped the male's ass. There were more hoots and hollers. Her husband looked unconcerned.

The ass pat had an effect. Whatever tension or anxiety there had been in the room was suddenly gone. We all seemed to realize at once that none of this was serious, it was just Maddie being Maddie, and we ought to enjoy the ride. Besides, nothing was going to happen in that room. Unless, of course, Maddie got into that room with the boy she wanted. 

Five minutes passed, and the couple came back out. "Oh my God, he was so good," the married woman said. "His cock!" She ran her hands quickly over him, and then she started laughing. She was drunk. The man smiled too, but was turning an embarrassed shade of red. He went to the kitchen to fetch another drink, and the woman returned to her husband's side, still smiling. He handed her the glass she'd previously been holding.

Maddie made her way back to the center. "This is going better than I expected." She took a drink. "Let's see who's next!" She reached down and spun the pointer. Seconds later it stopped, and it had stopped right on me. I looked around, maybe hoping someone else would claim it. but, they didn't. I looked up at Maddie. She smiled at me. "Oh, Holly. You're getting lucky tonight!" I rolled my eyes, and then looked to the other side of the pointer. It was set on Jackson.

I'd known Jackson in college too. Now he had a good job, and was single, although I wasn't entirely sure why. He was cute, and funny. he had an easy going personality and a smile that garnered instant trust. We knew each other fairly well. He had a nice build. In sum, there were worse guys to spend five minutes with in a room alone.

I looked at my husband and shrugged. "Well," I said, and stood up. I started towards the hallway to the room. Jackson stood too, walked towards the hall and put his arm out so I could hook it with my own. I did, looked back towards the crowd and then disappeared with Jackson.

I closed the door behind us. Jackson sat down on the bed, his feet over the edge. there was a clock above the bed. Ten seconds had passed.

"Maddie is so nuts," Jackson said.

"I know. What is this even?" I looked at the clock. Another five seconds down. 

"Do you think the first couple did anything?" Jackson asked. he had dark brown eyes, with an edge of playfulness that came through especially when he asked the last part of that questions.

"Of course not," I said. We're all just humoring Maddie."

"Are we going to do anything?" Jackson asked, and then started laughing.

"Please," I said.

"I know," he said. "You're married."

"Not just that," I said.

Seconds passed. I looked at Jackson. He looked at me. Neither of us seemed quite sure what to do. Make small talk? Or, just let the minutes wind down. Jackson turned, looking back at the clock on the wall, and then back at me. Something came across his face. "Show me your panties," he said, in a tone that was playfully commanding. He was smiling.

"What?"

"Just a peek."

"No way," I said.

"We have to do something," He said.

"No we don't"

"I've seen you in a bikini before anyways. What does it matter?"

I thought for a second. Fourth of July. Boating on the lake. It was a yellow string bikini. Jackson had a point. I looked right at him in a challenging manner. "Fine," I said. 

I was in a tight tee shirt and jeans, the tee shirt resting just over the waist of my jeans. I pulled it up a little, unbuttoned my jeans, and unzipped. I opened them slowly, revealing the floral print of my underwear. When I was sure I hadn't shown to much, I looked at Jackson. he was staring straight ahead, focused. He was cute when he focused.

I zipped up, and then buttoned. I pulled my tee shirt down. "Now you show me yours," I said, in an exaggerated manner. I was trying to keep things playful.

"That's fair." Jackson said. And then he slid back on the bed a ways before reaching down, unbuttoning and unzipping like I did.

"Navy boxer briefs," I said, guessing by the fabric. "Very nice."

"Thank you." 

Jackson didn't immediately zip back up. The way the woman earlier had said "cock," came into my mind. Cock. I wondered what Jackson's looked like. I felt butterflies.

"Should I keep going?" Jackson asked in a tone and with a facial expression meant to indicate he wasn't serious, although we both knew if I said yes, he'd oblige.

I paused for a second and looked into Jackson's eyes. I hadn't seen any other cock besides my husband's since I'd been married. Well, some porn. But nothing living and breathing. I was curious. And no one would no. With the tone that had been set, even if Jackson did tell someone, no one would believe him. It was just a game. "Do I have to show you mine?"

"No."

"Ok." I said.

Jackson reached down and hooked his thumbs in the waist band of his underwear. He pushed down, and a few inches later, there was his cock. It was flaccid, but it looked heavy. He had a well defined head, and was thick.

"Nice," I said, staring at it.

"Thank you."

Seconds passed, and he didn't put it away. I looked at him, and smiled, and then back down at his cock. It was starting to stir. "Is that all it takes?"

Jackson laughed. "I guess."

I kept looking at it, watching as it slowly hardened. I found it flattering, the idea that I could arouse this man simply by looking at his cock. As he hardened, it got longer, and thicker. Finally, he was all the way erect. Jackson had a cock that would have filled a condom out nicely, I thought.

"Show me your tits?" He asked. He was shyly quizzical, like he knew he was asking a question he shouldn't be, but couldn't help himself.

I turned and looked back at the door behind me. It was closed. "Only my tits," I said. I lifted my shirt up over my head, and then I unhooked my bra from behind. I dropped it down the side of my body. I was topless in front of him. I could feel his eyes on my nipples. My tits hardened. I felt for the first time since the butterflies something more like an approaching ache between my legs.

"Gorgeous," he said. He reached down for the first time and wrapped his hand around his cock. He looked to grip it firmly. He moved his hand down his shaft first, and then up over his head. He did it slowly as he watched me, studying my body, but also my face for any indication I was going to tell him to quit stroking his cock in front of me.

But I liked watching, especially while he did it slowly. It gave me an idea of how it might feel between my legs. And having a naked cock in front of me also made me think how easy it was to get fucked, even with my husband a few rooms away. I was already topless. All i would have to do is pull my jeans down, and my panties, and I could have him as deep inside of me as he could go.

"Do you think the first couple did this?" Jackson asked.

"I don't think so." I looked at the clock. We still had three minutes left.

"Are you wet?" Jackson asked.

I nodded.

"Prove it," he said, still moving his hand up and down his shaft.

I didn't love the line, but I didn't care. I looked back at the door again. I paused for a minute to listen. Nothing. I walked over to Jackson, and undid me jeans again. Unzipping them, I dropped them down to just below my knees, giving me enough space so I could part my legs more, but still make an attempt at a quick recovery if someone entered. Jackson reached up between my legs, and I felt the pressure of one finger, and then another, over my panties and against my pussy.

We kept eye contact. My mouth was parted a bit, my breathing soft and rhythmic. I looked at him stroking his own cock, and then back into his eyes and smiled. He kept his fingers pressed between my legs. The pressure made me ache. It felt good, but it wasn't satisfying. I reached down between my legs and pushed my panties to the side, showing my pussy to a new man for the first time in five years. Jackson pressed his finger against my labia, and then pressed in slightly, tracing inside me, teasing my wetness.

he traced my pussy for a couple seconds more before he pushed his finger between my labia and pushed it inside of me. His finger didn't go as deep or spread me as wide as his cock would have. And as I felt him move inside of me for the first time, I let out a muffled gasp.

"You're so wet," he said, fingering my pussy.

"I know," I said.

"I'm so hard," he said.

"I can tell."

"Will you suck me a little?"

"Jackson, no."

"Please?"

The way he said it, and the look on his face was so pathetically cute. I could tell how badly he wanted it. I looked at the clock. Even after all of this, we had a minute left. I looked at his cock again. It was so hard. And, he did have a nice cock. I thought for a second more. Who would know? And I did want to feel it in my mouth.

I moved away from his hand, and his finger slipped out of me. I didn't pull my jeans up, but instead moved slowly to my knees. Jackson slid back on the bed. I reached forward, for the first time wrapping my hand around the base of his thick shaft. I worked my hand up and down it a few times. Jackson had an eager look on his face. I stroked him a little more, and it came to my mind that, however innocently this had started, I had a hard cock inches from my face, was seconds from putting it into my mouth while a room of people drank and talked on the other side of the door.

"I'm just doing it a little bit," I said. He nodded. I parted my lips, moved my head forwards. I felt the head of his cock on my lips. I let my breath out over it, and then took it all the way in my mouth. I went down, and then back up. Jackson was a big boy, and he really filled my mouth. I pressed my tongue against the bottom of his cock, and kept moving up and down on his, sucking a little to add some pressure. Jackson let out a deep moan, indicating I was on the right path. A couple more passes and I got the first taste of his pre-come. That part always made me a little nervous. But Jackson was mostly salty, and I moved my tongue to the tip and pushed into him, tasting it from the source.

"Fuck that feels good," Jackson said, looking down at me. I moved my eyes up to meet his, and kept sucking. "Don't stop," he said.

I didn't. I enjoyed his dick in my mouth, and I fell into a rhythm. In my mind, I could almost see myself from a third person perspective, on my knees, my face in my friend's lap. And as I did it, my mind also started to wonder how I was going to feel after it was over. I was cheating. And, on a whim. I was doing something very slutty.

But my thoughts were interrupted when I felt Jackson's cock pulse against my tongue, followed by more salty fluid than usual. "Oh, fuck," he said. I felt another pulse, another, and then a rush of fluid into my mouth. "I'm coming," he said. 'No kidding,' I thought, keeping my mouth on his cock, catching a second burst of fluid, and then a third, smaller one.

I let him finish coming in my mouth before I pulled away. I swallowed, and wiped my mouth with my hand before rocking back on my haunches. "A little warning would have been nice," I said.

"I didn't think I'd come," Jackson said. "You're really hot."

"Thank you," I said, looking past him to the clock. Seven minutes. I stood up, pulled my underwear up, and then my jeans. "Hurry up. We're late." I pulled my shirt down and headed towards the door. I watched as Jackson put his now flaccid cock away, and stood up. 

"Whew," he said. "Are you ready?"

I just nodded, and opened the door. The room had been dark, but my eyes quickly adjusted to the light. I didn't worry about what Jackson was doing, and just kept walking towards the living room. Of course, Maddie was standing in the center of the room. She was looking at her watch. "Oh, what took you two so long? Hmmmm."

I just rolled my eyes at her. No one else, including my husband, seemed to notice a couple of minutes. For a second though, I had a brief pang of panic. Was it weird that I had come out before him? I was being silly. I went to have another drink.

My husband and I took an Uber home. I was fairly buzzed, and coming down off the excitement from earlier in the evening. My husband was sitting on the otherside of the backseat.

"So, how was heaven?" He asked. I could tell he was much drunker than I was. 

"Boring," I said. "Maddie is so ridiculous."

"Yeah she is," he said, and started laughing his drunk laugh. "I didn't even get picked."

"Poor you," I said. 

In bed that night, laying next to each other, he was flat on his back and I put my hand between his legs. I squeezed him, and then started rubbing. Slowly, he stirred, and moaned a deep moan. I moved my hand under his boxers, and squeezed his bare cock until he was fully hard. I pulled his boxers down, pulled my underwear down, and then got on top of him. I straddled and slowly lowered my wet pussy down onto his thick cock. It was exactly what I needed after all of the action earlier that night. As I slid my wet pussy up and down his shaft, I started to recall Jackson's cock. I could almost feel it again in my mouth as I rode my husband. Hours ago, another man was ejaculating in my mouth. Now i was getting fucked by my husband. The thoughts, and the hot cock inside of me, sent me over the edge. I came, recovered, and kept riding until my husband blew his load inside my pussy.