 Elisa glanced into her full-length mirror one last time. "You look gorgeous," came a voice from behind her. She looked at the reflection of her roommate Anna, who sat perched on the edge of her bed. Elisa bit her bottom lip lightly and looked back at her own refection. She was five foot four with dark black hair. Her face was round and her skin had a rosy complexion. Her green eyes sparkled like emeralds. She was wearing the standard 'little black dress'. It had short sleeves and hugged her body seductively. Her thirty-six C breasts seemed larger to her in the dress. It came to mid thigh and her lightly tanned legs were smooth and silky looking. Elisa smiled in spite of herself. She did look good. Anna stood and walked up behind her. 

"And you did like we talked about?" Elisa nodded meeting Anna's gaze in the mirror. "I still don't understand…." Elisa began, but Anna held her hand up and Elisa trailed off. "You will. Come on Elisa. You have not been out to a club in three years. It's time you got out and let the men know what they have been missing." Elisa sighed and nodded. Anna was right. It had been three years since her boyfriend of four years had confessed to her that he was seeing another woman. Elisa had been crushed and was sure that it was because she was not as pretty or sexy as many of the girls she knew. Anna had been her roommate then and had tried to convince Elisa that she was as pretty as any of the girls they knew, and had often tried to get her to go out to the clubs. Anna and her boyfriend Ron went out every weekend and danced the nights away. Elisa always felt much too much like a third wheel to go with them. But Ron was on a business trip this weekend and Anna had promised she would only go out if Elisa went with her. So there they stood, both dressed to party. Anna grabbed Elisa's hand and they were out the door before Elisa could utter another protest.

The club was dark with spotlights flashing here and there. Elisa and Anna walked in to a nearly packed house. Anna had mentioned that the local band was going to be playing tonight and that the placed would be more packed than usual. Elisa had hoped that she would be able to blend into the crowd. The room was large and round. There was one long bar around the outside of the circle and a long table separating it from the dance floor. There was a stage in the very middle of the dance floor and it looked like they were setting up for the band. 

Anna pulled Elisa to the bar and asked what she wanted. "Rum and coke," Elisa said loudly. Anna ordered their drinks and they moved to an empty spot along the table. Anna swayed her hips in time with the music and sipped her drink. She grinned at Elisa, who was standing stiff as a board. "You can at least pretend like you are going to have a good time," said Anna playfully. Elisa grinned back and relaxed a bit. "I'll try hun," she replied as her eyes scanned the room. She watched the people dancing on the dance floor. There were so many that they looked like one big tangle of arms and legs. Two guys and a girl came over and greeted them, shouting hi and hugging Anna. 

"This is Elisa, my roommate," said Anna loudly. Elisa smiled at them all. Anna introduced them as John and his girlfriend Beth, and James, Beth's brother. Elisa smiled to them all and her cheeks grew warm as she noticed James's eyes linger on her for a moment longer than the others. They all chatted for a few moments and then John announced that he and Beth were going to dance. James stood with Anna and Elisa and watched them walk out to the dance floor. Her turned to both the girls and grinned at them. Anna winked at him and said she was going to refill their drinks. Elisa was surprised she had downed her first one already and nodded to Anna asking for another rum and coke. 

James smiles to Anna and then turned to Elisa. "Might I have the pleasure of a dance with the prettiest girl here," he said. Elisa blushed and nodded. This night might not be so bad after all she thought. James took her hand and led her out to the dance floor. They danced through two songs their bodies brushing against one another in time with the music. After the end of the second song there was a break in the music and James led them back to the table where Anna, Beth, and John were. Anna grinned at Elisa handing her the rum and coke. "Having fun," she asked and Elisa giggled nodding lightly. They talked through the break in the music. Elisa asked where the bathroom was and soon headed off in that direction. She was surprised to see the bathroom was almost as full as the dance floor. She quickly finished and left making her way back to her friends. 

Suddenly there was a large group of people all around her and she was turned around. The music came blaring back on and Elisa realized she was caught in a group on the dance floor. She began to make her way towards the outside wall when she felt a hand on her waist. It caressed her seductively and she glanced around to see who it was. She felt the hand pull her in and soon an arm was curled around her holding her close. She looked up and gazed into the deepest blue eyes she had ever seen. She tried to pull back a bit but the arm held her close for a moment and the man simply held her gaze. Then as suddenly as he had captured her he let her go and was swept away with the crowd. She stood there still for a moment and then began searching the crowd for his face. She felt a hand on her shoulder and jumped turning quickly to look up into James face.

"Why you look almost disappointed to see me," he said with a playful pout. Elisa smiles and shook her head. "Not at all," she said smiling brightly. "I just got lost I think." He smiled and wrapped an arm around her leading her back to the table. Elisa peered into the crowd searching for the face that seemed to be seared into her mind. 

She quickly assured everyone that she had simply gotten lost in the crowd, and quickly downed her drink. Anna glances at her looking concerned, but Elisa simply shook her head and offered a smile. They turned to the stage as the band was announced and John pulled Beth out to the dance floor as they began. Anna pushed James and Elisa out after them and James pulled Elisa into his arms as the music pulsed through the room. Despite his handsome face Elisa could not concentrate on James. All she could think about was the man who had captured her attention for mere moments. 

The song moved to a faster paced one and Elisa set herself to enjoy her time with James as she began dancing. The alcohol was slowly having an effect on her and she was much bolder in rubbing up against him. Anna danced out on the floor offering them more drinks and danced with them for a while. The song changed again to another fast paced one and Elisa was pushed back a bit as a group of people made their way past. She took a sip of her drink trying to keep her eye on Anna and James when suddenly she felt hands on her waist pull her back. She was surprised and dropped her half-empty glass on the floor. She felt a body press up against her and the hands slid around caressing her belly. She knew it was him. She swayed her hips with his and he pulled her back farther from her friends. Her mind told her this was dangerous, but in that moment dangerous was looking pretty. good. 

They continued to dance her back to him, through the rest of the song. His hands explored her slowly. Fingers dancing over her stomach, one set moving down over her hip and the other up along the curve of her breast. Elisa sighed and relaxed back against him. She ignored the soft voice in her head that reminded her that this was not like her. Right then she didn't care. All she knew was that she loved feeling his hands on her. The song ended and she moved to turn to him but he held her tight, not letting her turn. She felt his lips press against her ear and his breath was warm and soft. 

"I have been watching you since you walked in, " he whispered. "I have never seen anything so beautiful in my life." He kissed her ear lightly and leaned down to kiss her neck. Elisa closed her eyes and tilted her head sighing. The music began again and was slow. He spun her around and quickly placed his lips over hers. She returned the kiss as passionately as he gave it. Her hands slid over his shoulders as his slid around her waist. Their bodies moved with the music, one of his hands on the small of her back the other sliding down to caress her ass. 

The song rolled into another fast paced one and he pulled back from her a bit. She was able to look up at his face. He had black hair and a ruggedly handsome face. His blue eyes sparkled as he smiled down at her. He was very well built and wore a black tee shirt with black jeans. "What's your.." Elisa began, but he places a finger over her lips and pulled her close kissing her again. She melted into him. As the song continued her turned her around pulling her back against them. His hands once again exploring her. She rocked with the music and his body as he held her. One hand made its way to her breast lightly brushing the nipple. Elisa gasped as he pinched it lightly. It grew hard under his experienced fingers. His other hand slid back down her hip and reached for the hem of her dress. His lips placed kisses along her neck and she rested her head back against him closing her eyes. His fingers continued to play with her nipple, rolling it around and making it harder. She felt the hem of her dress slide up as his other hand moved to caress her inner thigh. As he slid his hand higher he laughed lightly against her ear. Elisa smiled knowing that he realized she had no panties on. She felt his fingers slide between her wet folds, and she moaned softly feeling him probe her. 

The song changed again but Elisa barely noticed. Her whole world was wrapped up in the stranger and what he was doing to her. He stroked her slit, his fingers getting soaked by her. His hand reached across to her other breast and began playing with the nipple there. Elisa moaned louder feeling one of his fingers push up into her pussy. For a few moments he pushed his finger in and out of her and she writhed in his arms. His fingers pulled out and began to circle her clit. In the next instant Elisa felt herself shaking with her orgasm and she bit her lip to keep from crying out. He held her close as the waves passed through her body and then reached down to lift her off the ground into his arms. Elisa had a fleeting thought of what they must of looked like, but it was gone was quickly as it came. 

Elisa was slightly aware of the sound of the band growing soft and she felt him reach to open a door. He stepped through and pushed it shut with his foot. She glanced up at him to ask him what he was doing but he kissed her before she had a chance. She felt herself being lowered to a sofa and then being released. She looked up at him and he smiled down at her. "I want you Elisa," he said softly. "But I don't want to force you." Elisa blinked as the realization of what he was asking her sunk into her mind. He knelt down in front of her and took her hands. "I have never been so overwhelmed with desire for a woman such as I am right now for you." Elisa smiled and reached out to brush his cheek with her fingers. "Your name," she asked softly and he laughed. "Garet," he replied. Elisa nodded and leaned forward pressing her lips to his. 

He leans into her as she kissed him and pressed her back into a laying position. She reached to unbutton his jeans and slid them down over his ass her fingers lingering to caress there. She moaned as she felt his long hard cock slide up against her slit. He rubbed it up and down soaking it with her juices. He gazed down at her and she smiled pulling him down. "Fuck me Garet," she whispered against his ear. She moaned as he quickly thrust sliding his cock deep into her. He lifted her legs around his back his hands going under her ass to raise her to meet his thrusts. He spent time taking long deep strokes, and Elisa moaned in pleasure. She had never felt so good in all her life. "God Elisa," he groaned. Suddenly his pace increased and she felt him grow harder in her. 

"Oh yes Garet," she said her breath coming in deep gasps now. "Fuck Elisa I'm gonna cum," Garet moaned pumping hard into her. "Oh yes Garet," she cried, "yes now." He felt her tighten around his as her orgasm exploded and triggered his own. He thrust once hard into her and she moaned feeling his seed shoot hard into her. He pulled out and thrust hard again groaning in pleasure. Elisa held her legs tight around him his orgasm causing her own to extend. Her legs slipped from him as he gently lowered himself to her his lips searching for hers. She moaned softly into his mouth as she felt his soft cock slip from her. The kissed for a long time their fingers exploring each other. 

Garet pushed himself up onto one arm and smiled down at Elisa. "Can I see you again," he asked softly. Elisa grinned. "I was worried you wouldn't ask," she replied. "How could I not," he said brushing his fingers across her cheek. He stood up and pulled her up off the sofa. As she stood smoothing her dress down she looked around. The room looked like some kind of dressing room. "The bands get ready in here," Garet said answering her question before she could ask it. She smiled at him. 'Do you know the band?" He nodded smiling. 

"I own the club," he replied. She looked surprised and he laughed pulling her to him. He dipped his head and kissed her deeply. Elisa returned his kiss and sighed softly. He pulled back and handed her a business card. "Call me any time." Elisa smiled and glanced at the business card. "Is tomorrow to soon," she said playfully. "Not soon enough," he replied lifting her chin to kiss her once more. "Now go find your friends. I'm sure they are pretty worried about you by now." Elisa nodded and turned to go. She glanced back one last time and offered Garet a bright smile before disappearing from the room. 

Anna jumped when she felt Elisa's hand on her shoulder. "Elisa," she gasped pulling the girl close. "Are you ok," she asked pushing back and looking critically over Elisa. Elisa just grinned back. Anna looked at her curiously. "What?" Elisa just shook her head and linked arms with Anna. 

"I'll tell you when we get home." Anna smiled.

"So I guess you are glad I drug you out to the club then huh?" Elisa laughed, "you have no idea."