 A/N

This is the first story I have written in a long while. It's a short little flash fiction to just get the juices flowing. Hope you like it. 

*****

"But... I'm just not that kind of girl"

"Oh come on Jenny loosen up its Halloween for fucks sake. What's the point of having a body like yours if you're not gonna show it off."

Maybe Sarah had a point. Looking at me you would never guess I had perky B cup tits and a lithe dancers frame with a firm little booty. Hell you would be lucky to see my shoulder length hair and dark brown eyes since I always wore hoodies and cargo pants.

Ever since we went through puberty Sarah has been wanting to wear one of those "slutty" Halloween costumes. Honestly, who could blame her. Puberty hit Sarah like a baby grand piano in an old Looney tunes cartoon. Sarah's tits made mine look like bee stings. Sarah's tits were like two giant creamy marshmallows and an ass to match. Sarah is what you would call a "full figured woman". She had thick thighs, big hips, ass and tits. To top it all off she had frizzy middle of the back length hair and green eyes. I feel like she could get any guy she wanted. For some reason though Sarah never seemed to have a boyfriend for very long. Lots of people in school think she's a lesbian but that's just rumors spread by her ex Trent, also known as "raisin dick" and his sister, Nina, the head bitch of our school. 

Sarah talks a good game but she really wouldn't have the guts to do anything like that on her own. I suppose it's my duty to do these things with her I mean I am the "best friend" after all. I don't know maybe I haven't been living up to my title since I've turned her down every year. Two weeks ago I turned 18. A woman of the world. Three weeks from today is Halloween. Sarah's older brother, Kyle, always throws these kick ass parties. He's older but never went to college for whatever reason. He seems to just love high school girls. I've had a crush on him since I found out what a crush was. So maybe it's time for me to put my big girl panties on and do what best friends do.

"Alright, I'll do it" 

"Really! Oh I can't fucking wait it's going to be TITS!!"

"You sound more and more like your brother everyday." 

"Fuck yeah I do".

Just then the lunch bell rang and we went to our respective classes.

I tried to focus on history class (my fave subject) but I couldn't help fantasizing about Halloween night. I've always been jealous of the girls in the nurse and other slutty outfits getting ogled and whistled at. I mean living in the big city with no shortage of buxom blondes willing to drop to their knees and swallow a creamy load at a moment's notice, its tough being the petite brunette in the star wars t shirt. Not that I ever really tried hard to get attention. I was no virgin mind you but I definitely wasn't getting the action I felt I deserved. I practice yoga and tai chi. I'm probably ten times as flexible as some of the girls I go to school with and with all the porn I watch I'm probably a great little piece of ass. Sadly that doesn't seem to be enough. These days it's like if you don't have double Ds you're not worth anyone's time. The last thing I've fucked was a blue light saber while I had revenge of the sith on perpetual pause (Not a proud admition).

So here I am in class scrolling through Amazon looking for the perfect costume. This is so unknown territory. Will I be a sexy cat oooh or maybe a slutty nurse? The thought of walking into a room and making dicks all over give me a standing ovation made my pussy quiver with excitement. I sat there in class scrolling from pic to pic trying to channel my inner slut; Sasha gray is my spirit animal. I'm really more of a closet slut actually. I'm not all in your face with my sex appeal but once a guy gives me a chance and gets me in bed well, let's just say I'd like to think I make Sasha proud. Hmmm sexy witch... Nah.

The more I scrolled the more I tried to picture what it would be like to channel my inner slut and act like my fave porn star, the hornier I got. I completely lost myself in my thoughts I felt a confidence I never knew as I pictured myself walking up to the first guy I saw and rubbing his cock from the outside of his jeans. I pictured myself in a slutty school girl outfit. My purple and black plaid skirt billowed in the wind as I stroked his denim covered dick, showing off a glance at my matching thong. I'd rip open my white shirt and run my fingers through his hair before grabbing it and pulling his face till he was sucking my firm B cup tits. I see myself standing there biting my lip as he licked slow circles around my nipple stopping every now and then to suck hard. I hold his head to my boobs as I continue to rub up and down on his cock until he couldn't bare it any longer. He reaches up and gives me a taste of my own medicine by pulling my hair and forcing me to my knees. 

There I am face to face with pulsating pants clad dick. He pulls my face to his crotch and I could smell his hot musky dick just aching for release. He pulled my head up so I was looking up at him. The pain from the hair pulling was a real turn on. I slid my hand up his shirt and ran my nails down his hard abs. God I hadn't even seen his cock yet and my pussy was already wet and glisteny. I slowly licked my lips and shot him a seductive look. I ran my bottom lip up and down the length of his jeans covered cock then I licked it from balls to bulbous mushroom tip. I then lightly bit on his cock licking the head as whimpered and tugged at his belt. By mystery dream guts cock has had enough. 

He shoots me an approving smile as he slowly undid the belt and buttons on his pants. That's all it took for the dream cock to spring free. It almost hit me in the eye before it landed right on my tongue. I looked up at him with a smile on my face as I slowly slid my tongue up and down his long, thick dick while my hand gently massaged his balls. I started twirling my tongue all over his thick veiny cock trying to give him the sloppiest wettest blow job I could. Even with his cock nice and slick from my hot wet tongue I'm still having trouble stuffing this huge meat rod in my mouth. I struggle and gag as he stretches my mouth with his monster cock. He stands there leaning up against the lockers as I slurp up and down his fat dick.

"Mmm it's been too long since I've tasted the salty joy of a hard dick in my mouth" I thought. Before I knew what was going on I began absent mindedly touching myself in class. There I am in the middle of the hall on my knees bobbing my head on some nameless jocks tasty cock. His head is arched back and he's got his fingers wound up in my hair holding me in place as he skull fucks the shit out of me. I'm doing this tongue twirly thing I had seen in porn so many times. I'm having the time of my fucking life. I can feel his dick oozing more and more precum on my tongue. I can't stand it and neither can he. 

My pussy is dripping at this point as I rub myself furiously through my pants. I snake my hands up his legs and grab handfuls of his tight man butt and slam my head down his shaft faster and faster till he slams his cock to the back of my throat and feeds me his ooey gooey load of hot salty goodness. It was just the taste I needed to send me over the edge. Just then I had a quiet wet splooshy orgasm right there in my history class. If I wasn't wearing pants right now I'd be sitting in a puddle of my juices. I hadn't cum that hard in a long time. I was just about to snap back to reality when my teacher strolls over and snatches my phone.

"Hey! what the hell!" I hadn't realized what I'd done till it was too late. 

"Excuse me young lady!" I could tell by his tone that Mr. Schechter was pissed. He was your average comb over sporting, corduroy pants wearing, fifty something divorcee. Two years back his ex wife had come to school and trashed his convertible right there in the faculty parking lot. I heard he cried, he actually fucking wept in front of everybody. "Is there some reason why you are on your phone during my class young lady?" 

To this guy history is his life. Picture all the boring parts of an Indiana Jones movie, swap out Harrison ford for Steve Buccemi, beat his face in with a shovel and you've got Mr. Schechter. "Sir I was just doing my own... Uh... Research into Pompeii since I know it will be on tomorrow's exam". 

I pride myself on being a good liar. Maybe it's all the star wars movies I watch but I had a pretty decent way of convincing people of whatever I wanted. I guess being a goody goody this whole time had to have come with some perks. Unfortunately for me Mr. Schechter isn't going to be the weak minded fool I'd hoped he would be. He takes one look at my phone and sees slutty school girl costume with crotch less panties and lowers his eye brows in fury. 

"Pompeii huh... You can pick this up in my office after school." 

My heart was beating a mile a minute. On the one hand I was worried what would happen if he calls my mom and tells her what he just saw on my phone I'd be grounded on Halloween for sure. On the other hand my mind and body were still reeling from the incredible orgasm I just had in class. I look around and at least four other people are on their phones. A jock and three "Hotties". No lecture or phone confiscation for them. This is such bullshit! If I had been flaunting my "assets" I wouldn't be in any trouble ever. Fantasy jenny, drop down and chug some cum jenny, she wouldn't have to put up with this shit. Maybe it's time this sci-fi geek caterpillar evolved into a slutty, cum guzzling butterfly.

To be continued...

A/N

I may continue this later on down the line but like I said this was just a little short story I wrote to get my brain going. I only posted it because i haven't posted in a while. Hope you enjoyed it.

- K