 Lori wandered into the great room by herself. She had abandoned the basement where Daniel was telling yet another story to his buddies, a story she had heard umpteen times. "And then the barmaid said..." God, she knew the punch line by heart. She had grabbed a long neck beer and left in search of more intelligent conversation. Football, basketball, jokes, and belches were not her idea of communication.

The family room was crowded, small clumps of people around the Christmas tree and fireplace and couch. People mingled and wandered. The tinkle of polite laughter drifted across the room. Large parties seemed so intimate to Lori. Small parties demanded participation; large parties allowed her to witness the ebb and flow of people and talk. She could almost bet the three women by the fireplace were discussing decorating, and the four men by the tree were talking sports or topless bars. The men kept glancing over their shoulders in case their wives or lovers should happen past. The mixed group by the couch ventured into politics. Would the Republicans really change things this time? No one thought so, but the question begged an answer. The single man by the window was...looking directly at her.

Lori was used to men looking at her, the price paid by attractive women. This man in his starched shirt and creased pants smiled widely, and he was handsome. Dark hair, dark eyes, a hint of playfulness in his face, he saluted her with his beer bottle, a tribute to her allure. Lori smiled back, aware of the stranger's sexuality, an animal quality, a predator quality. She liked that in men, the boldness of self-assurance. While she smiled, he brought the beer bottle to his lips and ran his tongue around the rim.

The brass of his action surprised and sparked Lori. Men hit on her all the time but rarely with a single definitive act. Most tried to seduce her with talk, and most failed miserably. This one made a simple bold offer that no one in the room would even know had taken place. Lori wanted to laugh, but more, she wanted to play. Locking her eyes on his, she wrapped her hand around her beer bottle and slowly stroked its neck. The man's eyes danced. She could see a bulge begin to grow in his pants. 

What happened next was a series of tits-for-tats. He licked the rim of his bottle and slipped his tongue inside. She brought her bottle to her mouth and took in the long neck, her lips covering the entire top. He rubbed his bottle across his crotch, his bulge visible. She ran the bottle over her breasts, her nipples poking through her silk blouse. He plunged his little finger into the bottle over and over, up and down. Lori felt her spark flame into heat that brought a moistness to her body. She placed a finger over the bottle, shook it gently, and placed it in her mouth before she let the foam explode. She made an effort to swallow, and she saw the man's face turn red. Although the game was fun, it was beginning to excite her too much. She wanted a release.

He waved the bottle and began to move, his eyes meeting hers. She followed him until he found a door. With a last lick of his lips, he opened the door and disappeared.

Lori faced a dilemma. She could follow her beer bottle lover or she could return to the basement. The basement seemed boring, and the wetness between her legs begged attention. Setting her beer on a table, she ambled across the room. As she grasped the doorknob, she looked around the room. No one noticed. No one cared. She opened the door and quickly stepped inside the...closet.

The dark was almost total. He grabbed her cheeks and pulled her face to his, kissing her, worming his tongue into her mouth, his lust hot and needy. His hands ran down her blouse, squeezing her breasts, pinching her nipples. She knew what he wanted, and her hands unbuckled and unzipped and dropped his pants. Hooking her fingers in his briefs, she pulled them down and sank to her knees, freeing his hard penis. The musky smell of his hair filled her nose as she slipped her lips over his erection and sucked. He throbbed with anticipation, and bobbed as she ran her tongue deliciously down his long shaft. Fondling his bag, she took him deeper into her mouth and tasted the wetness leaking from him. She raked her teeth on him, and he stifled a moan. Holding him steady, she pumped up and down, sensing his coming eruption. She felt his body stiffen and his breath stop as he came, his hot semen shooting into her mouth. She milked him, taking his essential energy for her own.

As she let him fall from her mouth, he pulled her to her feet and turned her so her back was in the coats. Then, he dropped to his knees, and he fumbled, finally pulling down her panties. Spreading her legs, he placed his head in between, her thighs on his shoulders. He lifted her, and she grabbed the wooden bar behind for support as his hot tongue plunged into her wetness, seeking her most sensitive spot.

A deep well of heat surged through Lori and she began to rub herself on his face, his tongue, wanting, needing a release. His hands on her buns, his tongue worming deeper, she bit her lip to keep from moaning. The tongue felt so good, so knowing, making her quiver and shiver and rub hard on him. She felt her wetness gush, coating his nose and cheeks. Her release seemed only moments away. She pressed herself against him.

The thump on the door made Lori catch her breath. She stopped as voices penetrated the from the great room. Two people, a man and a woman. They were talking, arguing. She wanted to leave, he wanted to stay. She had her hand on the knob, he was leaning against the door. Lori couldn't breathe, and yet her lover hadn't stopped. His tongue licked and probed and flicked and danced and twirled, and her body was mad with desire, and yet she was afraid to let herself go. If the door should open... The suspense was maddening, and her need overwhelming, and the tongue touched a spot that made her convulse despite her will. A huge, powerful wave built up inside, and she strove to hold it in check. If the door should open....

The man outside prevailed. The couple moved away. A sense of urgency drove Lori as she pressed her lover, rubbing herself to a new high, feeling the huge wave break through the dam, washing over her, shooting her juice over him. Her orgasm was hard and fast and hot, and she gasped with the effort. Panting, she felt him withdraw and set her on her feet, her hot fluid dripping down her thigh. 

He kissed her again, hard, his tongue on hers. She tasted herself and kissed him back. Then, he pulled away, pulled up his pants, and grabbing her wet hair he kissed her one last time. She knew he grinned as he whipped open the door and left. She smiled and put her clothes in place. Her fire still smoldered. The first orgasm was but a preliminary, and she knew she would want Daniel later. And as she and Daniel made love she would remember the closet. That memory would make Daniel work even harder. 

She looked around the great room, but he was gone. She went looking for a long neck beer.