 The whole of the room seemed to reverberate with the intense beat being put out by the many tall speakers surrounding the room, and the very walls seem to shake and buckle in tune with the swaying masses that inhabited the second story club. Friday night in Arizona at the Owl’s Nest, and sure enough there was a sea of humanity bopping, grinding, and gyrating to the music on a floor that was far too small for the number of souls it held.

My clothing by now was drenched and plastered to my skin; my only solace lie in that I was not alone. Almost at the Apex of summer, it was already reaching the triple digits during the day, and at night it remained in the high 90’s. Coupled with the body heat and natural humidity caused by a goodly amount of sweating bodies, everyone in the club was slippery and glossy with expenditure. I almost fell into a trance watching the strobes and lights dance across the shimmering flesh of so many exposed bodies, glistening necks, arms and faces, captured in rapture by light.

It was when my eyes were dancing across the room that I first noticed her in all of her glory. Her body wrapped in a dress that could only be described as trendily elegant, her copper skin shimmering in the pulsing light, her hair an amber mess of tangled curls, and her body lithe as a snake being charmed. She was dancing with a shorter man who had one arm around her waist, and the other in the air, waving his hand to the music. Her face was angelically impassive, soft features and an immaculate complexion, all seemingly held in place with ruby red lips that begged to be explored. Unquestionably I gravitated towards her, without even a conscious though. 

It just seemed the right thing to do.

As I slid through the moist crowd and neared her, I could almost feel the sexuality she exuded, only serving to draw me nearer still. I moved between and through people to reach her, as I saw now that the shorter man had departed from her. She was now moving by herself to the music, swaying dangerously curvy hips with a rhythm that made something inside of me stir with passion.

Before me was a couple engaged in a battle of tongues and roaming hands. Fingers delicately sliding over slippery flesh, disappearing into lose clothing, a flash of a nipple, hard, erect, almost quivering in anticipation.

I would have stayed for the sight, but my heart had stopped in my chest, for the woman in the red dress had found me as well with her eyes, and they had me in a struggle for my sanity. Deep, piercing, jade orbs stared back at me from her pristine face, a curl of her lip held me, a tilt of her head, and a jut of her chin beckoned me... already I was hers.

We met in the center of the floor, my hand finding her hip and lower back, hers resting gently on my chest. Her touch was electric as she traced the outline of my broad and muscled chest, my heart followed as her hand went lower and rested now against my tight stomach. Hers was not the only hand allowed to roam although, and my hand ran up and down the groove of her spine to the back of her shoulders, returning to her toned hip from where it had began.

My attraction grew as I realized that in my hand’s wandering; it had encountered no resistance or misplaced ridges. This woman was wearing naught but this dress and a smile, and by the twinkle in her eye, she’d become aware of my knowledge. My pace pleasantly doubled.

Her spread from above my bellybutton, and encompassed me in an embrace Her supple breasts pressed against me as she leaned into my ear, her warm breath teasing me to no ends. I could feel her heartbeat through her skin, and her voice was electric.

“What is your name, lover?”

I heard a slight tremor halfway through her inquiry as my hands continued to wander, one falling to just below the lower slope of her magnificent ass. I pulled her closer to my waist. I was insane with lust, there was no stopping me.

“That doesn’t matter right now...”

Her eyes sparkled into mine and her hand took to my own behind.

“Indeed.”

She did not withdraw her proximity to me as she began to grind her hips into mine, meeting my sly motion with her own, parrying trust with thrust and wiggle with waggle. The current song went from some Top 40 Hip Hop to a slow trance beat, and her body slowed to gyrate sensually against me. This was the gates of heaven, I knew It was useless, and my sex began to stir.

It was evident that she felt it, as I could almost feel her mound against my lap myself. The red on her dress became dark crimson as her body radiated more sweat to meet mine permeating through my own clothing. In little time we were little less than two bodies covered in the exertion of the other. 

The trance beat had ended, and another song in its place. She kept her eyes locked on mine the entire time, out face not more than an inch from each other, her hot breath bathing my face, and mine hers. My lips grazed her nose, then her own lips brushed mine. Daringly I parted my mouth wider, and took her upper lip into my mouth, nibbling gently. She responded by pushing her lap into mine urgently, and in time the nibbling was replaced with her tongue dancing around mine.

Like external appendages, our tongues explored the confines of each other’s mouths. Dancing, slithering, writhing, meeting, and pushing, our mouths were firepits of carnal activity, and my head spun with lack of air. She pulled back quickly and gulped in oxygen, her eyes back on mine, although with something lingering in them now, something animal, almost feral. Her hands left my back and came to my arms, and she gently let me to a brick wall where she pinned me by touching her knees to the wall behind me. There was now no way at all to hide my evident arousal, although I don’t think she minded from, her actions.

Her body explored mine with ever beat of sound, her hips against mine grinding and shifting, placing her sex against mine, her chest against me, pressing, writhing, moving... her nipples like small stones covered with the moist cloth of her dress. Her perfect hands went to my chest again, to my arms, to my waist and back a thousand times. She explored the muscles that I’d worked so hard for in case of a situation just like this.

My head bowed to her, and I ran my warm tongue from the basin at the bottom of her neck, to the jut of her chin, then to her lips where we both savored the erotic sweat that threatened to drown us both. My right arm slid again to her supremely toned and bubble formed ass, pulling her almost off the ground towards me as I ran my mouth all over her collarbones, dipping in and out of the indentations with my tongue and lips. Kissing, licking, and simply exploring her every intimate nerve.

I explored her like this for glorious minutes until her gyrations presented us with a delicious problem. The bottom of her skirt had been steadily rising since the first movement of our dance, and now my hand grasped half cloth, half skin. The flesh of her ass was warm and electric to the touch, and my smallest finger rest in the space between her legs against her thigh, only millimeters away from what I’ve now found to be her moist sex. Her excitement coated the blessed finger, and I wanted nothing more than to fall to my knees, bury myself into her for hours, and bring her from one crashing climax to another.

My hand slid deeper, past the crack of her bottom, and almost cupped her searing cunt, its sweet juices running over my hand, mingled with sweat. She moan urgently into my ear and took it into her mouth, nibbling with enough force to make my knees unbalanced for a moment. 

My own arousal was completely evident by now and strained painfully against my jeans. Her hand glided to my midsection and found my meat, her fingers cupping it through the fabric. She gently massaged it, and ran her hand from the tip to the base, causing me to see stars exploding over me. I now had no grasp of time, what song was playing, or who was watching, and I honestly no longer cared.

Everything was animal now, primal. Thumping music, pulsing lights, matching heartbeats, our frenzied breathing, our hammering pulses, her hand on my love, my fingers in hers, her hips bucked against mine and her voice was lost in my throat as my mouth threatened to swallow her whole. I felt my zipper falling, guided by her innocent hands, her fingers tugging past the opening in my boxers, her fingers seeking and eventually grasping my throbbing erection.

What started as her pinning me against the wall quickly turned into the opposite, we had switched sides and without skipping a beat, resumed the frenzied and animalistic encounter. Her dress rested high on her hips, and I could see her shaven mound glisten as my hand traveled it’s most intimate crevasses. Her hand still stayed on my manhood, slowly manipulating it with the tips of her fingers and base of her thumb.

The dance continued, my hands on her breasts, swirling the nipples around my fingers. I grasped them both between my fingers and pulled with little gentleness. Her body immediately responded by thrusting against me and she let out an amazing moan, I pulled again, and again she moved against me, her moans becoming a low throaty growl. Her hands traveled to meet mine as I continued to tug, and with her no longer holding my member, it lay against her abdomen, warm and welcoming.

Then it happened, quickly without warning. Her body responded to another one of my tugs on her nipples and her body rose up a slight bit, allowing room for my penis to fall from her abdomen, and come to rest on the outer folds of her vagina. The gravity of the situation weighted in on me... here I was with a woman in the middle of a crowed dance floor, her dress at her bellybutton, and my penis one inch from inside her. Staring deep into her eyes, I realized she noticed too.

I savor the look on her face when I entered her.

I gently thrust and felt myself easily slide in and out of her. She offered little resistance, and we quickly found a rhythm together, her arms around my neck and mine on her ass, pushing myself into her, deeper and harder with each intrusion. The lights, the heat, feeling her juices slide down my legs, everything came at me in waves. 

Her arms tightened and she buried her face in my chest, crying out against me. I quickly felt a wave of moisture coat my lap, and felt her midsection tremble with her orgasm. This did nothing but prompt me on. Her initial explosion was too quickly borne, and I would not rest until she could feel the full pleasure of our “dance”.

I was relentless, never did I stop pumping at her. She kept bucking and groaning and I obliged her the dirty epitaphs she murmured into my ear. I fucked her like no other, so much so that she begged me to slow down, I sensed no sincerity in her wish, so I pumped harder, almost slamming her against the wall with all my weight. Her muffled groans of pleasure urged me on, my groin soaked through with her lubrication with mine. My thumb found her clit, and gently it caressed the small pebble of lust.

For the second time I felt the walls of her love constrict around me inside of her, and again her nails dug through the soaked shirt covering my back, biting my flesh and driving me onward like a horse’s spur. She flooded me once more, and I could feel her legs shaking around mine. Her groans were perforated with ever time her back hit the wall, her breath exploding across my face with every powerful thrust of my legs.

My world began to melt around me, the walls and lights and sound running together as one. My loins began to spasm and a dull guttural roar began its way to my lips. My lover sensed this, and in a flash she rose up, exposing my tool to the air between us, and audibly fell to her knees before me. One arm shot out against the wall where she once was, and the other to her shoulder.

She impaled her face on my quivering sex and I felt the angry purple head of my penis come into contact with the softness of the back of her throat just in time for my testicles to seize and contract, shooting rivers of my seed into her skull. One hand rested on my knee, the other quickly found my balls and she gently stroked them while milking every last drop out of me. I felt my penis contract time after time, urging itself against the top of her mouth, fighting like a soldier in a war of rapture.

Slowly the world came back to me, the noise and lights and heat began to take shape around me once more. The woman whose name I didn’t know remained with me in her mouth, making sure that not one drop of me escaped. My breathing was ragged and my chest and back heaved with every inhalation. Slowly and quietly she rose from the floor, keeping her eyes on mine the entire journey. They sparkled for me with an ethereal glitter that kept me riveted to her.

Unseen to me, she adjusted her dress and worked to maintain a shred of decency. Looking down to my lap, she whispered into my ear.

“You’d best follow me out love, you’re in no condition to stroll without a little cover.”

I sensed the giggle in her voice as I looked down to the wreck that had become the front of my jeans. From belt to knee was soaked in sweat, lubrication, and various other fluids of desire. Gently placing me back into my pants, she held me outside the cloth as she zipped the fly she opened what seemed like hours ago. Turning from me and placing her ass into my lap, she took my hands and tugged them around her slim waist. 

We walked like that out of the club and (to my surprise) down the steps until we were in the parking lot outside. The music still boomed in my ears, and mixed with the blood still pounding in my head, I was hard pressed to hear here through the cacophony in my ears.

“Thank you for the dance love...”

I smiled at her and caressed her check. She smiled and took my hand, pressing something into my palm. She gently kissed me and released my hand, looking into my eyes.

“We must dance again tomorrow night.”

She stepped back towards a lit path leading to the back of the building, and to another parking lot. I looked down into my hand and saw a matchbook, recognizing it immediately as a bar in a nearby hotel. On the inside cover was the room number 17, and below it: 8:00 PM.

As she walked away from me, I heard her call over her shoulder.

“Next time loverboy... I get to lead.”