 Katie's hands were now shaking uncontrollably as she walked through the main door. The girl at reception welcomed her. She went straight towards the elevators. Katie had been debating with herself all day whether she could go ahead with this. She knew herself that until she tried at least once the intrigue and curiosity would just eat at her. She pressed the button for the elevator door. 

The elevator doors opened and she stepped inside and swipe her membership card inside. The inside of the elevators had the mirror walls, which she usually hated but tonight they were proving useful. She studied her reflection up and down. Her long brunette hair was still slightly wet from the light shower of rain that she had to negotiate outside. She had the figure most women would deem perfect. Her 36C breasts amply filled her white blouse and her narrow waist and tight ass were being well defined in her navy skirt. She had come straight from work, which accounted for her attire but she knew it would not matter what she was wearing. 

The elevator stopped and she stepped out. She swipes her card at the security door and then enters the corridor. She moves into one of the vacant female Preparation Rooms. The room was like a luxury en-suite and more. She saw the luxury silk dressing gowns hang on the rail in the corner. She selected one, which fitted her and proceeded to get undressed. She removed the black panties and bra from her handbag and put them on. She knew that they were not going to be seen tonight but she needed to feel sexy herself so that she could go through with this. She fixed her long her, applied some more perfume and then looked at herself in the mirror. She was ready.

She gathered all her belongings and placed them in the empty storage box on the counter. She then walked over to the exit door and pressed the button to enter the storage area.

The Club was an exclusive private members club which catered for the extremely affluent and beautiful who lived or regularly travel through the city. With the use of extensive technology The Club provides members with the means to fulfil their sexual needs and desires in complete secrecy. Very few know about its existence and even less are able to join The Club. Members first need to have sufficient financial resources to be able to join because this kind of exclusivity costs. The Club is then very selective in the type of members they allow to join. In particular female members must be of a certain level of attractiveness. This rule is more relaxed for some male members especially those who are willing to pay exorbitant membership fees. This in turn allows for a reduced membership fee for the more attractive female members. 

The Club is located within a block of residential apartments. However, within the confines of the building lies a very elaborate technologically assisted system. The Club has hundreds of specially designed bedrooms. These are no ordinary bedrooms. Each room has two entrances/exits. This allows the occupants to enter and exit separately. To enter a bedroom a member swipes his/her card walks through the first door, which closes behind him/her. They then can open the second door into the room. The room is quite basic in its contents, but is designed for its occupants to manoeuvre safely without any light. And that is the whole idea behind The Club. Members can enter and exit rooms separately and never be seen by the other member. No light shines in the bedrooms unless both members wish for it to do so. Between the two entrance doors there is a light switch. If both members select for it to be on then the room will have lights. 

In the room there are no hard objects or sharp edges. The walls are padded and the bed in the centre of the room has soft padding around the sides. This enables members to walk into the room and towards their conquest without the fear of walking into walls or furniture. Members are warned to be careful and not walk into each other. 

From the moment members enter the elevators at the reception desk they have guaranteed anonymity if they so wish. There are numerous elevators at reception. The member will exit from the elevator when the entrance to the preparation rooms is clear. Once the member is finished in the preparation room s/he can exit into the storage room. There are a number of different storage rooms but only one member is allowed entry at a time. The storage room has the usual lockers for the member to store their belongings, which can only be released with use of their card. The exit from the storage leads into a Selection Room. 

There are two ways for members to be pair with a partner or partners. One could simply select a vacant room and then indicate what s/he is seeking e.g. Male seeking female for anal sex. This would then be displayed on the Selection Board located in each Selection Room. The second method of selection would be to look at the Selection Board and choose whatever tickles your fancy. Once a selection is made an elevator door is opened which brings you to the appropriate corridor where the room you selected is located. At no stage do you see or be seen by anyone else. Members are therefore able to have their indiscretions without even the person with whom they are having sex with knowing who they are. 

And to assist members who may need to account for their whereabouts located within the building there is also a large gym and spa, which is also opened to other members of the public. Members of The Club have the costs of membership of the gym and spa included in their own membership. 

Katie is one of the newest members of The Club. She learned of its existence from a college friend. Katie is 26 years of age. She works in marketing and married Tom two years ago. Katie would not have been able to afford the membership fee had she not been given the top discount, which they only give to the most attractive of girls. Her college friend Samantha had told her of this. The topic came up when Katie confided in Samantha that her sex life was quiet dull since the wedding. Tom had never been the most adventurous lover but his sex drive had almost disappeared. Katie on the other hand had more than a healthy sex drive and needed something to give her a release. 

Katie spent months looking at the business card for The Club which Samantha had given her before making her initial application for membership. She was now exiting the Storage Room and entering the Selection Room for the first time.

Katie went over the board, which showed the current activity. She had thought long and hard about what she would do tonight. She decided that the actual experience itself would be enough for the first night. If she enjoyed it then she could be more adventurous. She did not want to be left waiting in a room for a partner so she looked through the list of rooms waiting for a partner. Her requirements tonight were simple: Male seeking female for straight sex. She picked the first of such listings she seen and walked into the open elevator. 

The elevator journey seemed to take longer than most. Again she could see herself clearly in the reflective walls. Her gown was open showing of her great bust and sexy underwear. She noticed that she was feeling wet for the first time since entering the building. She slides a hand inside her panties and massaged her clit with two fingers. Her fingers move down and just inside her pussy. She has become quite wet in such a short amount of time. The elevator comes to a quick stop and the opening of the doors startles Katie.

Katie pauses before she exits the elevator. Room 554 is her destination. There are five doors on each side of the corridor. She hurries to the right door and swipes her card and enters through the first door, which closes immediately behind her. She is now in a small space between the two doors. She inserts her card into the cardholder. Looking around she sees that there are quite a few items available for assistance. On one side there is a row of sex accessories such as lubricants, massage oils etc. On the other side there is quite a few different sex toys. On the wall behind her there is another selection board. Katie knows she does not need any of the available accessories. She selects the lights off button and opens the second door to the bedroom. 

Katie had never entered any of the bedrooms before. The induction did show her a video of one. They are not overly big. Each of the rooms is exactly the same. Once you become accustomed to moving around in the dark there would be no difference between any of the rooms. 

Katie nervously walks into the room. Even though she knows that there is someone in the room she is startled when he says "Hi". The man introduces himself as Mark. Katie knows that this is not his real name. Each member is advised to create his or her own alias. Most members re use the same name each time. "Hi I'm Anna" she said just about remembering to use her alias. Mark directed her over to the bed in the centre of the room. It was clear that she was quite new to this. 

Katie sat down on the bed beside him. He immediately placed one hand behind her back and used his other hand to run along the front of her body. Katie felt like she was being looked up and down by a hand. His hand's movements would become much slower when he came to the material of her bra first and then her panties. It was a few minutes before he said anything to her before "I like what I feel, may I" and then he moved in for a kiss. Katie opened her mouth to let his hot tongue move inside hers. She could feel his wandering hand now massage her clit through her panties. 

The hand moved up to take off her dressing gown on one side. The other hand joined in and her dressing gown was now off. He gently pushed her down onto the bed breaking their kiss momentarily. His hands reached behind Katie's back and quite quickly unclasped her bra. This was definitely not the first time he done that Katie thought. His hands then moved down her body and on each side grabbed her panties and slid them down her long smooth legs. 

He positioned himself between her legs and lowered himself down so that he could resume kissing. Katie felt his hardness rub against her clit and pussy lips. She wrapped her legs around his torso pulling him closer to her. The kisses became more aggressive and their bodies rubbed against each other. Without warning his penis pushed inside Katie's pussy lips. The few thrusts did not go too deep but then she felt him lift his body before forcefully pushing deep inside her. The force of which, together with the build up of anticipation, caused Katie to scream out with joy. She had longed for sex for months now and finally she was getting it. Her scream provided her partner with more encouragement to increase the speed and force of his thrusting inside her. His hands moved under her two tight ass cheeks, which give him more leverage to push deeper insider her squeezing both cheeks tight in the process. 

The thrusting of his rock hard cock into her soaking pussy continued unabated. It felt like such a long time since Katie had felt like this. Pure animal instincts taking over and enjoying sex so much.

Almost quite abruptly Mark withdraws from Katie. The sense of disappointment is short lived. He rolls her over on the bed. She knows what he wants to do. She lifts herself up onto her hands and knees and spreads her legs waiting for the man behind her to enter. He takes hold of her sweet ass before guiding his still rock hard cock inside her pussy once more. The change of positions allows him to get even deeper inside of her. Katie bites down on her lip. Habit has made her try and not make noise. But she is overcome and her arousal escapes from her mouth. Mark is now massaging her clit with one hand will pumping his cock hard into her pussy. 

For the first time Katie can now hear Mark getting quite excited. She responds by pushing back against his cock, helping him to speed up his thrusts. She knows that both of them are close to cumming. She just hopes that he can hold on long enough to make her cum. The thrusting continues getting faster and faster until finally Katie's body starts to spasm and Katie's scream of pleasure is almost deafening. Her first orgasm in over two years. She collapses in a heap on the bed not really noticing the man behind her is still pumping his cock hard into her pussy. He then withdraws and seconds later Katie can feel her ass being covered in hot cum. She does care in the slightest and is enjoying the come down from her orgasm. 

Mark collapses beside her on the bed but there is no pretend embrace. He regains his breath and then quite politely thanks Katie before leaving the bed. Katie then hears a door open and close and seconds later a dim light comes on in the room. She looks around still quite dazed. She can now appreciate the minimalist nature of the room. It is designed for one thing only and she has really enjoyed that purpose. 

END OF PART 1