 Lisa

Lisa and I worked together. Initially we flirted and left it at that. Let me tell you more about Lisa. She's about 5'4", married with two boys, 120lbs, green eyes, blond hair that is always perfect. She has a fantastic body. 34 bust, 26 waist and 36 hips and she's a great dresser who knows how to show off her body. She told me that she worked out frequently at Curves. You could see that in her toned legs.

Sometimes we met for lunch, talked about our lives, people we knew and flirted. We eventually IMed each other. We flirted, nothing really more then that. 

One time, Lisa told me she only wore one-piece bathing suits at her community pool because she was modest. She did admit that she did go on a trampoline one time. She had on a loose top and when she came down, her top flew up and her breasts were flashed. She actually didn't know it at the time, her girlfriend told her after and she was so embarrassed.

Sometimes I had fantasies about Lisa...

She's on the phone with a client. Everyone is gone in the office. Her feet are up, resting on a desk. The lights in the office are on but dim. I'm in another part of the building. I hear her talking to someone. I open the door and see her! We smile at each other. She remains talking on the phone, trying hard to be serious.

I pull up a chair and reach for her legs. Slowly I run a hand along them upwards. My hand goes up her thighs! Up to her panties! I tease her poking her thru silk panties. While her skirt is bunched up, I slowly pull her panties down leaving them hanging on her high heels.

I slowly start to unbutton her blouse. Her blouse opens. Seeing her inviting breasts barely covered, I reach to unclasp her bra. My hands cup her breasts as they fall free and her nipples tighten up and get hard at my touch. I lower my head and tongue. Gently biting her nipples! Lisa is getting dizzy and tells the company rep that she's talking to that she has to go! My hands are on her hips, then cupping her ass and pulling her forward!

Lisa raises a little as I remove her skirt, letting it fall to the floor along with her panties. She gasps as I stand up and remove my clothes. Her heart races as she sees my erect cock. I kneel in front of her still spread legs. I trace up her inner thighs with kisses till I come to her glistening pussy. Lisa lets out a whimper as my tongue licks her. I then introduce a finger to probe and stroke her. Lisa says, in a strained voice "Please Don't stop! Ohhh God! Please fuck me!"

We change positions as she sits in my lap, facing me. Our bodies barely touch. One can feel the heat between us. Grabbing my cock, stroking slowly as pre-cum appears. Lisa slowly guided

Me into her pussy going as deep as she thinks she can. We fall into a rhythm and I fell her tighten around me. I pull her closer and go deeper and harder! We both move faster! She tells me she feels like she's tumbling in space. "Don't stop! Oh God! Don't stop!" she says.

I later learn that she and her husband hardly have sex anymore. 

I feel a tightening and say "I'm Cumming!" I explode into her, held by her velvet walls. I thrust one more time as Lisa cums too. I pull her closer and we touch & kiss again.

There was this weekend training session that the Company wanted us to go to. We were leaving on Friday so we could get there nice & early. Lisa's' husband was going to be out of town so the timing was perfect for us all. I offered to drive and to pick her up.

She was waiting in front of her house in a tailored but short skirt and a darker top. Her children came out to say goodbye to her. Why did I secretly lust after their mother? Maybe it was her tight body, great ass, nice breasts...OH BOY, how was I going to get thru this weekend?

On the road after an hour or so, with the air blasting! The car began to shake! Smoke came from the hood! The steering was just about gone. About a half hour after we pulled over, a car came by. They offered to take us into town where there was a service station. The garage told us they'd take a look early the next morning... 

Lisa tried to reach her husband but there was no cell phone reception. We were directed to a small Bed and Breakfast in town that we could walk to. On checking in, the desk clerk told us there was one room left with one king size bed. I looked over at her. She shrugged her shoulders and we checked in. Following her sexy ass, I was thinking if I had the balls to make any kind of move that night.

After we brought the bags in, I took out my laptop and checked on my mail while she excused herself and took a shower. After she was through and dressed, I showered and we went looking for place to eat. After dinner, we talked again about our lives and agreed that it was going to be a long day tomorrow so we went back to our room to turn in.

I told Lisa to take the bed while I slept on the couch. I guess she looked over at me. I must have looked uncomfortable so she offered to slide over and share the bed with me... I had a tee and boxer shorts on while she had a tee on as well as a pair of panties. I tried to get comfy, but my mind was racing. I felt some movement, turning I opened an eye and I saw her removing her tee. She saw me glance over, seeing her pair of perfect breasts tipped with bright pink nipples. Her breasts were pale while the rest of her body was tan. For having two children, her body looked gorgeous. There was hardly any droop in her breasts. She apologized, pulling the sheet up, telling me how hot the room was. I turned and faced away. I could almost smell her lavender scent along with her sweet pussy. 

She saw me turning when she leaned over and said "You can't be that comfortable trying to fall asleep with that? ". 

.

I was struck! Mortified! I thought she had no idea what she was doing to me. I turned and asked her what was she talking about. She took my shoulder, rolled me toward her so I was on my back and my erection was sticking straight up, pushing the sheets. 

" That's what I mean, " she whispered, leaning toward me, her hand going under the sheet wrapping her hand around my erection. Her breathing was strained. 

I asked her if she was mad but she told me she was flattered. She went on to tell me how she sees me catching glimpses of her all the time. "Why would you lust after an 37 year older married woman?" 

I told her that she was the sexiest woman and that I fantasize about her. I told her about my office fantasy. As we talked, she stroked me. The sheet fell from her chest. Her bright pink nipples getting aroused as I turned to her. She slowly pulled the sheet down on my side and my erection has never been harder. She smiled at the condition I was in. 

I proceeded to cup her breasts, feeling like a giddy schoolboy. Her eyes closed as she moaned over the attention I gave her. Was my fantasy going to come true? Were we really going to have sex? The chemistry was there. Lisa told me to go ahead and lick her breasts. "Just don't bite too hard. Be gentle. My breasts are tender and my husband will see the hickey marks. " 

I quickly obliged as I placed one of my palms over her breast, her hardening nipple in the middle. Fanning out my fingers first then bringing them in over her nipple and pinching slightly. I slipped a nipple into my mouth and my hand caressed the other one. She then moved closer to me and she rested her head on my chest. She reached out and started to stroke my cock again. Lisa was mesmerized! Watching me get harder under her touch. I could see her excitement as she explored me. I don't think her husband let her do this at home. . She also told me that he would not masturbate in front of her. She asked him several times and he refused. If she asked me to, I would have. 

After a few seconds, she laid back as I pulled the sheet all the way down. I looked at her face to see if she had second thoughts. All I saw was pure lust in her face. She was naked except for her plain white panties, which were already wet. I was going to take my time to tease her before I removed them. I probed, teased, bite and licked her. Lisa lifted her ass a little and she yanked them down herself. 

There she was, truly a lovely sight. Her natural 34 C breasts hardly had any sag. Freckles down her body. Her abs were in great shape. Her pussy was neatly trimmed and glistening. Yes, she was a natural blonde. Her eyes closed as I turned my attention to her pussy. Licking and teasing her clit.... Her legs spread more. She reached down, touched herself. . Her pussy lips were slightly puffed, parted like a rare flower that was opening. She reached over to her nightstand for her Rabbit toy. I asked her why was she doing that? She told me that she always used it when she and her husband had sex and it was the only way she could cum. I told her to put it away. That we didn't need it! Her eyes widened at my promise. She also told me that her husband was the only man she ever had sex with and they were together for the last 18 years.  

I started to perform oral on her again. I don't think she knew that she squirted.. Then inserting a finger, then two curled in her and she shook! Taking them out to lick, she tasted great! I was in heaven and so was she. She quivered some more and yelled out some incoherent words. I lay back to watch her and she quickly grabbed my cock again. This time the whole length, jerking me harder. She looking amazed at how hard & erect I grew. First watching my helmet spurt some cum, then she sat up and leaned forward. Lisa started to lick it and then taking almost my length in her mouth. I watched this mother of two give me the best oral I've ever had. Swallowing my cum...she licked me up & down and her hand stayed on my testacies lightly scratching the scrotum. She told me while I cradled her that she and her husband did not have as much sex now as they did before the children. She loved to give Oral! Yesssss! I knew that we were going to fuck! 

After resting for a few, Lisa lay on her back again, spreading her legs. Our tongues met again. I maneuvered myself between her legs. My cock rested against her pussy. It was still sticky but I knew she really wanted to fuck. She moved her hips up and forward to me. My cock was still against her pussy until she yelled "OK! Use that cock! Fuck me! Fuck me hard! " 

That was all I needed to hear. I raised myself up; her knees moved up, she grabbed my cock and guided it in. I held it there for a second and I slowly went in deeper... I then withdrew and then thrust in enjoying every second. Just as I thought we were going to seriously fuck faster, her legs went around me & she tightened up. My cock was in a velvet-lined vice. We fit like a glove. Lisa whispered that she wanted to hold onto that moment. After a few minutes, her legs spread again. She raised herself up using her arms. Her breasts bounced as we fucked. Our bodies were covered in sweat. Lisa asked me if I thought her breasts were as beautiful as other women? 

Still hard, I didn't reply. I then pulled out and told her to turn over. She quickly got the message and went on all fours as her ass went up... She smiled as I slide in again and we found our rhythm. I was thrusting deeper. My balls hitting her ass, her breasts swung.

I pulled her hair back and she loved it. Having sex without the use of a toy. 

Screaming for " my cock to go deeper! Harder! Ohhh god! Deeper!" The bed frame shook as we fucked... Her juices were spilling out as she came again! I grabbed her ass, pumped some more and then I said I was about to cum. She didn't tell me to pull out. I spurted a short stream of cum, followed by another. She moaned as my hot cum filled her. I reached under to hold her breasts as I got softer and pulled out of her. The last drops falling onto her ass. We both collapsed onto the bed covered with cum but happy. The expression on her face was pure satisfaction as we drifted off to sleep. 

The next morning, we awoke early. We were told our car was ready. Lisa went into the shower first. I was shaving in the mirror over the sink when she asked me if I could scrub her back. "I need someone to wash my back for me. Come join me. " 

My towel dropped as I stepped in and gently did her back. I said "Raise your arms, " as I did under her arms and her sides and the sides of her breasts with a gel. I then started on her ass. Lisa moaned and turned around and gently soaped my cock, which took no time to get erect, and my testicals. My hands went to her breasts as she arched her back. 

Moaning " Ohhh God I need you now! Please fuck me now! I need you!" 

."Again? Right here? In the shower?" I asked.

"YES! Right now! Your Hot Mom needs you. Just stop talking and let's fuck! I need to feel your hard cock in me! " 

I instructed her to turn around. In that position, I could get in her deeper. She placed her hands against the wall, spread her legs, and leaned forward. I stroked myself and then guided myself into her! "Ohhhh yes! You feel so good in me. Better then my husband!" as she thrust back. 

I told her that I didn't think I could last much longer... 

"Neither can I! Don't stop! Ohhh my god, I'm cuming!" as I felt her begin to spasm... Just as I was about to lose control, I pulled out and turned her around. I held onto my cock, aimed it up and spurted cum on her chest. 

"That was amazing! I always fantasized about doing that!" she said. We showered each other off using the hand spray. We toweled ourselves dry and eventually got dressed.

We had breakfast, checked out and were on the road.

Mmmmmmm tonight in another hotel???? Should be interesting.

We carried on an affair for about five years. Lisa also told me later that her husband always thought that with the IMing that we did along with the trips that one-day

We might have sex.