 We walked into the small but elegantly adorned Italian restaurant and were led to our isolated corner table by the maitre'd. All of the men's heads turned as you walked slowly through the restaurant with a small smile on your face, as I walked behind you and smiled as well, thoroughly enjoying the view and proud to be your escort for the evening. You looked simply amazing in a black dress that hung perfectly on your many curves, spaghetti straps hanging loosely on your tan shoulders, the dress ending just above your knees with a small slit on your right leg, providing just the right glimpse of long and lean thighs.

The meal was perfect, the food wonderful, the wine plentiful and intoxicating, the service attentive. Towards the end of the meal, the wait staff recognized our desire to be alone. We had barely acknowledged that there was anyone else in the once-crowded, but now slowly emptying restaurant. We had been lost in each other throughout the meal, increasingly so as the evening passed, our eyes locked, deeply gazing into each other's eyes, our hands and fingers touching and caressing, our toes and calves rubbing beneath the table, our own little silent secret, away from view, and above the table, we leaned over regularly to lightly graze each other lips, cheeks, and neck with soft kisses. We had waited quite a while to finally have our rendezvous, getting to know each other through electronic and telephonic exchanges, and this night was more than we had hoped or imagined, the chemistry undeniable, the anticipation palpable.

As we arose to end our meal and walk towards the door, I softly took your hip in my hand and led you down a small aisle, away from the entrance. You smiled and laughed gently, wondering where I was leading you, but intrigued and excited. I led you down a narrow corridor, and we glanced over our shoulders, giggling quietly like school kids, and I slowly opened the door.

We entered a dimly lit room strewn with a few remnants from the seasons past, several musty coats and sweaters on hangers. The remainder of the room was paneled with a rich, dark mahogany, a small chandelier hung from the ceiling, a full-length mirror ran along one entire wall, with a long oak-covered counter directly across from the mirror.

We surveyed the surroundings for a few precious seconds, and then I gently took your waist and twirled around slowly a few times, a brief flamenco dance, that ended when I pulled you snugly into me,our bodies now entwined, our faces inches from each other's, close enough to feel each other's rapidly accelerating breathing, our hearts churning and beating in our respective chests, our eyes revealing the undeniable look of passion...Our mouths met in the smallest, slowest, sweetest of nibbles, escalating into deeper, more probing explorations of our lips and tongues, small and muffled moans and sighs emanating from deep within me, and a soft, sensuous barely audible growl from you.

I turned you around and you now faced the mirror, one eye peeking at the vision of one of my hands softly caressing and kneading your shoulder, the other rubbing ever so lightly over your hips and stomach, my lips now brushing over the nape of your neck, your earlobes, gently tasting and nibbling more feverishly now, as your head tilted back, a silent affirmation for me to continue my descent to your shoulder blades, your back, as I gently ran my fingers through your hair, aroused by your scent, the tactile sensations exploding in a combination of lips, and tongues, and fingers, and hands, and hair, and perfume, culminating in sheer desire. 

You leaned your hips back into me now, our bodies pressing closer, you own hands now turning back to reach for my own body, as I lifted first one and then the other thin piece of fabric hanging from your shoulders, and tugged then down, my other hand now lingering across your waist and the back of your thighs, reaching slightly beneath to feel the soft, warm skin of your legs under your lacy skirt. You pulled my own head forward, towards you, and turned your head at an angle, and kissed me deeply, hungrily, passionately.

I tenderly took your beautiful hair in my hands, and gently tugged on your hair, further pulling you back to my waiting lips. Your mouth was wet, warm, slippery, and wide open, your tongue flapping against my mine, eagerly waiting for me to further take command.

I whispered, while nibbling on the soft skin of your neck,"Relax and let me take over your being. I want to please that incredible body,to make you cum, is that what you want?" 

And with that, you moaned audibly and melted into my arms, moaning softly, mumbling soft words that I could not quite understand. And yet, your body language said all that was necessary.

Your waist and butt pressed more tightly into my lap, and told me just how hot you were with desire, with passion.Your hand reached to my belt at the exact same time that my own hand lowered the straps of your dress below your gorgeous breasts for the first time, and slowly, gently, my hand kneaded your nipples, feeling them grow taut and hard within my fingers. Then, I felt your own hands reach toward the growing bulge in my own pants, and you gasped audibly as you felt the length, the girth, the stiffness, the excitement, that you had evoked in me.

"Oh, my!", you thought, "I have never felt one quite as long and hard as this."

But, as aroused and intrigued as you were from the exploration of your hands upon me, you were quickly distracted by the sensation of your own breasts being pleasured, your nipples being teased.

Then, I lowered my free hand, and raised it beneath your dress, swiftly, confidently, and immediately put my fingers directly over the soft fabric of your thong, feeling its lacy material..yet, even more provocatively, feeling the heat and wetness emanating from beneath.

As I nibbled and sucked on your earlobe, I whispered again to you,"I am going to please you now, with my mouth." 

Before you had a chance to respond, I lifted you completely in my strong arms, and raised your buttocks onto the mahogany ledge, facing the mirror, and, as I knelt, between your legs, I parted your thighs with my fingers, looked you into your eyes, and said, softly, "I am going to lick you now. Would you like that?"

And, with that, you grabbed the back of my head with your fingers, and moaned, and pulled my head towards your vagina, and I caught the intoxicating whiff of your scent for the first time, and pulled the fabric aside from your lips, and gently ran the tip of my tongue ever so gently over your clit, while at the same time, I eased first one, then a second, and finally a third finger into your pussy, one finger reaching upwards into your inner walls, the second stroking your insides rhythmically, and the third feeling places within you that you have never had touched before, all the while licking you more feverishly, your excitement heightened by watching me lick you in the mirror.

Your stomach impulsively heaved, and gyrated, and I felt both of your thighs tighten around my face, while your hands pulled me the back of my head more deeply into you, and the muscles within you grabbed my fingers, now knowingly finding all spots within you that you didn't know existed, your clit pulsating to my tongue flicking over its tip, while my lips surrounded it and sucked on it wholly. Your eyes felt a flash within. You exploded, your juices rolling onto my face and mouth, your groans clearly audible now from well outside the door, and your ecstasy went on.

And on. 

And on.

My lips now finding the perfect spot on you to prolong your excitement to unbelievable duration.I was steel hard beneath you, stroking my own cock now with my free hand, so turned on by the pleasure that I was providing to you as never before.



Part Two? To be continued.

------------------------------------