 My name is Jon, I sometimes dance at an exotic club at the outskirts of the city I live in. This club caters to women who like to have private parties. One night after I had finished my routine, two women approached me. I still had my g-string outfit on, as they came to the side of the stage. Normally I get hit on by older women with money and time on their hands. These two were different. 

They introduced themselves to me as Tanya and Portia. Tanya was a tall blonde with a tight body, She did most of the talking. Her friend, Portia, had dark features. She was very exotic looking, but on the short side. I was drawn to Portia, as Tanya asked me to meet them both out in the parking lot, so we could party a bit.

I quickly showered and dressed, then I found them both sitting in an SUV, with some wine and glasses. I climbed into the back seat, where they poured out a tall glass of wine for me. I was thirsty after the long night of dancing. I drank deeply and was going to ask for a refill, when everything became cloudy.

I slowly came out of my fog, only to find myself strapped down to a bed. I was still groggy, but I tried to pull myself free. My hands and ankles were tightly bound. I was also naked, someone had removed me from that vehicle, stripped and bound me up!

I started to shout, only to find Tanya and Portia both entering the room I was in. Both were naked, Tanya had small breasts and was shaved to just a strip of pubic hair. Portia had upturned nipples and her bush was shaped in a perfect triangle. Portia also had the largest pussy lips I had ever seen on a woman. They were long and flared out, and little beads of sweat were coating them.

"Well, it looks like our dancer has finally awoke, Portia." 

I was angry, "What the hell are you two doing to me?" I was trying to break free, but I wasn't going anywhere.

Tanya reached over to a table nearby. On it was a short whip, which she picked up and proceeded to lash me with!

Christ, did that hurt! She hit me numerous times with it, then told me if I made anymore noise, I would get beaten again. I kept my mouth shut for the present, until I could figure a way to get out of this.

Tanya then reached for a bottle that was also on the table, and poured some of the contents onto my cock. Both women then proceeded to lick my oil slicked cock. They were running their tongues up and down the underside of my enormous member. Portia then began to suck on my cockhead as Tanya worked her lips all across my shaft.

It didn't take too long for my shaft to get hard. The dance club doesn't hire men with small cocks. I am nine inches and pretty thick when fully aroused. These two women had my cock as hard as I could ever remember it being.

When I was hard enough, both women took their positions. Portia climbed over my face, and Tanya placed her pussy lips right above my mushroom head. Both women then went to work on me. My tongue came darting out of my mouth, I lapped at those huge pussy lips of Portia's. Tanya started out slowly riding up and down my cock, inhaling every inch of me.

Tanya knew just how to bring me close to ejaculation without making me cum. These two women had done this many times before, it seemed.

After a few minutes, both women changed positions, but now Tanya had removed the straps from my ankles. She made me bend my knees up before Portia mounted my cock. Then the dark skinned Portia got on top of me, and sunk down over my pole. Those huge pussy lips seemed to work like a vacuum cleaner on me.

She was pumping up and down, her tits were bouncing off her chest. I then noticed Tanya reaching for something. She was probing my ass as Portia was fucking me. I felt something hard and slick being pushed between my asscheeks.

Tanya had a dildo that she had fitted into my ass and was pushing hard to fill me with it. The pain was intense as she wedged the thick shaft of this cock into my tunnel. It was a two-way fucking, Portia was working my cock as Tanya was fucking my virgin asshole!

I could feel that dildo hitting my prostate as Tanya was relentlessly raping me. The only time Portia ever spoke while I was strapped on the bed, was when she got close to cumming.

"I'm close, Tanya, make him cum inside me!" she cried out to her friend.

Tanya rammed that thick dildo into me the whole way, and I blew a huge load of my seed into Portia. She was bucking crazily on top of me, gobbling up all my thick cock stew. Her pussy was going into spasms and I felt her cum.

She rode me for a long time, as if she wanted every drop of my seed to be deposited inside that tight womb. I obliged her until my cock was finally spent and she removed herself from my fading erection.

Tanya brought me a cool drink to my lips. I greedily drank it all down. When I awoke, I was outside the club once more. I was in my clothes, slumped in the parking lot by the garbage cans. I had all my possessions; my wallet and car keys were in my pockets, no money had been taken.

One problem was that my body was aching. I touched my chest and realized this hadn't been a dream. I had red welts from the whipping Tanya gave. My groin also was hurting tremendously. I thought it was from all the fucking that took place, but I was wrong.

On the shaft of my cock was sculpted a picture of a cobra. Those women had tattooed a hooded cobra onto my member!

I was angry, sad, and worried all at once. What was this all about? It hurt like hell, and worst off in my mind, what would any woman think, if I went to have sex with her in the future. Would she think I was some pervert, or that I belonged to some cult? 

I got to my vehicle and drove home. I showered and crashed into bed after taking some pain medication. 

It wasn't until some weeks had passed that I started to put together what had happened to me that night. I will have to relay that story to you all, at a future time.