 What's a girl got to do to find the perfect cock? A whole lot of searching, first of all. Second of all, a whole lot of fucking. Not that I ever minded. I had searched far and wide for the perfect cock, trying as many of them as I could possibly handle, using them all as my own personal fuck sticks until I had my fill. It was the best life, filled with creampies and facials galore. The only problem was, I'd never met a guy that I felt had the perfect cock for me. I imagined in my mind what it would look like but I had no idea. It would probably be huge. I liked my cocks big, that much I knew. As for the other features, I just wasn't sure.

It helped that I had what I refer to as "dickdar," which is an uncanny ability to guess a man's cock size just by looking at him. Maybe it was in the way he carried himself, or maybe it was something else, but I was accurate to the half-inch, using my ability to pull in men that I thought might be the one. I knew I would find the perfect cock if I kept looking, I was just shocked when I finally found the perfect one.

I had chosen to go to the Smash Bros tournament, not because I like video games, but because my friend Judy had confided in me that it was a whole stadium of men watching other men play video games on a big screen. When I arrived, true to her description, the stands were filled with men. The thing she failed to mention was that every one of these guys was a fucking nerd. I hadn't really fucked that many nerdy guys, especially when you consider how many men I'd fucked. I almost turned around and walked back out of that tournament, but as I turned to go, this dumbshit guy spilled his lemon-lime soda all over the front of my very expensive dress.

"Hey! Fuck this is a designer dress!" I screamed at the culprit.

"Oh my Gosh! I'm so sorry! I didn't mean to. Here," he handed me the three napkins that were in his hand like they were going to do something. I took them and began to dab at my dress. "Let me get more," he ran to the napkin dispenser and urgently pulled napkins for me. He returned and handed them to me. He tried to help, rubbing at the fabric of my dress with one of the napkins.

"It's pointless. I just have to wait for it to dry."

"Look, I'm really sorry. I'm Bobby," he smiled at me in a socially awkward way that made me cringe.

"I'm Jalissa," I said politely but as I looked over his body I realized something that made me take pause. My dickdar was kicking in and I could sense that Bobby had a massive cock stuffed into his skinny jeans. I couldn't see the outline of a large cock, but I trusted my instincts and decided to stick around. "Where are you sitting? Maybe I could sit with you?"

"You can sit on my lap if you like. We have assigned seats but I wouldn't mind." He laughed, and when he did there was also a bit of a snort that was obviously unintentional.

"Did you just snort?"

"Yes, sorry. I do that. Still want to sit with me?"

"Yeah, sure," I said reluctantly. I followed him as he talked incessantly about nerdy things like video games and a bunch of superhero movies. I nodded like I knew what he was talking about but I was certain we had absolutely nothing in common. I was sitting on his lap when I first felt his cock. It was hard as a rock and it gave me hope. I wanted to ride it so badly and so I moved my butt a bit until I was rocking back and forth on his cock provocatively. A few of his nerdy friends noticed but I didn't care. My pussy was dripping with wetness.

"Want to go to the bathroom or something?" he asked me.

"I thought you'd never ask!" I hopped up and let Bobby take me by the hand and lead me to the nearest set of restrooms. "I think this might be the kind of event where we should go to the women's restroom."

"Wow, you really want to go in the bathroom together?" he cried in disbelief. I couldn't believe how nerdy he was or what I was about to do. I answered him by pulling him into the deserted women's restroom. I pushed him into the handicapped stall and immediately went for the button on his pants.

"Don't you want to kiss?" he asked.

"I'll give your dick a kiss, baby," I pulled it out and I couldn't believe what I saw. Bobby had the most perfect cock I had ever seen in my life. Obviously, it was big, but the way the head was shaped was perfect. It was the same thickness throughout, except for the head, which was a bit bigger. It had a slight banana curve away from his body and then back toward it. I had fucked dicks this shape before, but never one that was this big. I couldn't wait to get it inside of me, but first I wanted to properly worship it with my mouth and make sure it was at its hardest as it penetrated me for the first time.

"Jalissa! Oh my God!" Bobby moaned as I took the head of his cock between my lips and started my ritual of sucking cock. I had sucked so many dicks that I had it down to a science. Every guy was different and I had learned the way to feel each guy out a bit so I could deliver to him exactly what he needed. I tried my best to read Bobby and it wasn't difficult. My mouth listened to the cues his body was giving and I knew he was close to cumming so I stopped and looked up at him seductively.

"I need to get fucked," I explained and I lifted up my tight skirt to reveal that I wasn't wearing panties. I was always ready for a quick fuck and this was no exception. He pushed me against the bathroom wall and pushed his cock into me from behind. I'll never forget that moment. I could feel the sensations of his perfect cock working its way into me and yet it was like no other fuck that I had ever experienced. His dick was hitting all the perfect spots, juicing my pussy by pressing directly on my G-spot. Despite Bobby's nerdiness, he seemed to know what he was doing. He fucked the living shit out of me and I clung to that bathroom wall for dear life, trying to remain standing as he made me cum.

I couldn't seem to stop cumming and I was in disbelief. No man had ever made me cum this hard or this much. I thought about how close I had been to walking out of that Smash Bros tournament. Instead, I was getting pounded by the most perfect cock I had ever fucked. I couldn't believe that Bobby was the guy attached to the perfect cock but the contractions of my orgasm made me believe in him and by the time that he was done with me that first time, I found that I could barely hold myself up. I felt satisfied in a way that I had never experienced.

"How was that?" he asked, his cum dripping from my pussy.

"That was the best sex I've ever had," I admitted.

"You don't have to lie, Jalissa. It's okay."

"No, Bobby. Your cock is the perfect cock. I've been searching my whole life for it!"

"You're funny," he laughed it off. I guess he didn't understand how serious I was.

"Let me get your number. I want to fuck you again tomorrow. Maybe another time today too," I said greedily.

"I need to get back to the tournament but we can fuck again. Sure, babe." 

I felt so needy as I waited for the tournament to be over. I could feel Bobby's cock growing harder and harder as I moved my ass over it. I knew I was going to have to work hard to keep this nerd's interest. He was more into the tournament than he had been in fucking me and it was frustrating. I had been searching for his cock since I had been sexually active and now, after all these years of searching, I had found his perfect cock and he didn't seem to understand the significance of this. I hung out until he was ready to leave and I followed him to his car. I gave him a blowjob right there in the parking lot and when I sucked his cum out I knew I was completely and totally at his mercy. There was so much cum! I could barely swallow it all but I did my best to get it all down my slutty throat. What blew my mind was how good his cum tasted. I loved the taste of his jizz more than any other jizz I had ever tasted. I craved more from him but I had just drained him and I needed to ensure that I would be able to find him again. I needed to seal the deal with him so that I could fuck his perfect cock whenever I wanted.

"Bobby, I need your number." I got out my phone and I handed it to him to type in his information. "I'm texting you now," I told him and he picked up his phone and replied.

"So why is a sexy woman like you bothering with a nerdy guy like me?" he asked me innocently. He still didn't get it. He had no idea that I was already completely sprung on his cock.

"You have the perfect cock," I told him, my voice full of sex.

"Do I?"

"Yeah, want me to suck it for you again?"

"Yeah! Maybe we should go back to my place," he suggested. "I'd like to get you in an actual bed."

"I thought you'd never ask!" I had never been so excited to get a cock inside of me. I noticed that Bobby wasn't looking as nerdy as he had when we'd first met. It seemed like every load he had shot inside of me made my senses bend until he was the hottest guy I had ever seen. By the time we reached his house, my pussy was juicy and ready for him. I didn't waste a second. As soon as I got him inside, I attacked that cock. I pulled it from his pants, dropping to my knees to worship him with my mouth.

"You're so good at sucking my dick," he praised me, "but I need to fuck you."

"Okay," I let him pull me up from my knees and pull me by the hand down the hallway to his room. He pushed me backward onto his bed and took off all of his clothes. He helped me out of mine before he climbed on top of me and kissed me. His kiss was dangerous too. His mouth tasted as delicious as his cum and I knew I completely fucked as he pushed his perfect cock inside of me. I let out a scream of joy as his dick filled my pussy completely. It was a perfect fit and the way that cock curved to hit my G-Spot made me feel things I'd never experienced. I thought I knew all about sex but when I was fucking Bobby, none of it made sense. His cock was the best and I would do anything for it.

"You feel so good, Jalissa."

"You feel good, too," I moaned. He fucked me in all kinds of positions and as I came for what felt like the millionth time I silently thanked God for finally sending me the perfect cock that I had been searching for. I had searched far and wide and finally, after all this time I had found Bobby and his perfect cock. I screamed again as I came and looked up into Bobby's serious eyes. "Never stop fucking me!" I begged him.

"I won't, Jalissa. No girl has a perfect pussy like yours."

"You think I have the perfect pussy?" I was shocked.

"Yeah. It's like your pussy was made for my cock. Don't you agree?"

"Yes! I agree! I think your cock is the perfect cock!"

He laughed.

"I'm serious!"

"Sure you are."

"Please. Believe me! I need this cock! I've been searching for so long for the perfect dick and I finally found you!" I could feel his cock get a bit harder just as he bent down to kiss me deeply. Bobby came deep inside of me and I felt his body tremble as he emptied himself into me.

"So when you say you've been searching for the perfect cock, what do you mean?" he asked me as we cuddled.

"I mean, I had to look far and wide to find you," I answered.

"Does that mean you're some kind of slut?" he asked and by his tone, I wasn't sure he appreciated sluts the way he should.

"No, Bobby. I'm a cock connoisseur. It's different."

"Oh. Okay," he shrugged. He probably didn't know what connoisseur meant and I thanked God that he wasn't the kind of nerd that was good at vocabulary. I couldn't believe the perfect cock belonged to a nerd, either. I guess we often find things we are looking for in the most unlikely of places.