 WARNING:

The following story is for the entertainment of ADULTS ONLY, and contains descriptions of explicit sex. If you are not an adult, or reading sex stories upset you, or you are offended by subjects of a sexual nature - do not read any further! 

This story is for entertainment only. It contains adult oriented material. This is a work of fiction. The acts and characters contained within are figments of my imagination and have no basis in fact. I do not practice, advocate, condone or encourage acts portrayed here. The characters in the story are entirely fictional. You need to believe that all of the characters are over the age of eighteen.

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of the author. This story may be freely distributed with this notice attached.

* * * * * * * * * * 

The naked blonde in bed with me wasn't my wife Maggie. I didn't know anything about her except that she was a bit heavier than Maggie, with much bigger tits, and she was horny. That much was obvious by her grip on my cock. "Mmmm, I love your dick. It's so big and hard. It feels so good inside me."

Although Maggie had recruited me to make love to our daughter Felice for the first time, she hadn't given me carte blanche to have sex with anybody I wanted. Hell, I hadn't even chosen this one, she just showed up. And where was Maggie anyway? I couldn't avoid touching the blonde's warm, naked skin, not with her laying on me. She moved her face close, lips pursed with a thin gap. Could I really refuse to kiss her, based on the our intimate position? So I kissed her, softly, so as not to arouse-

"Oh Charlie. You know how I love when you tease me. Kiss me like you mean it."

She knew my name, and a second later she knew my lips, pressed hard against hers. Her tongue slipped past them. The tingle when it touched mine caused my hips to jerk.

"Are you ready already? We just did it last night."

She'd rolled on top of me, and then claimed I was horny? What could I say? "You always turn me on." I didn't know what to do with my hands. Touch her? Grab the sheets? My cock needed no coaching. I kissed her again and rubbed her shoulders. She moaned against my lips. "Oh, Charlie, you know massages get me excited." She spread her legs, her thick thighs sliding over mine. She reached down and put the tip of my cock between her labia. "Are we doing it with me on top?" She stuck her tongue in my ear.

I bucked my hips and penetrated. Who was this woman? She was very tight, tighter than Maggie after Felice was born. And then it hit me. Oh no! I couldn't be having sex with someone besides Maggie. She squeezed her pussy around my cock. "Oh yes!"

Humping with her weight on me was difficult. That's probably why I usually rode her with me on top. Except we'd never met, let alone had sex. I was breathing hard, trying to achieve some rhythm.

"This isn't good for you. I can feel it." She rolled off and spread her legs. "Come on, you like it better on top."

We'd done this before? There was no way I could turn down that offer, especially how far we'd come. I climbed between her legs and lowered myself. She guided my cock to her pussy. As my body touched hers, I slid up and in. God, the walls of her vagina were exquisite pressure. She laid back and gave me freedom to do as I pleased. Her pussy felt new and exciting, and I went pretty crazy, humping at her with vigor.

"Oh, baby, you're so enthusiastic. And after last night?" She kissed me hard. "I won't have the stamina to do it again tonight, if you wear me out." As I pursued her pussy, her breasts wobbled. Laying back with her eyes closed and mouth open, she was having a good time. "Oohhhh Charlie. You're the best!"

I didn't even know her name, but her face seemed more familiar the longer I examined it. "I love your body. It's so sexy." I was telling the truth, in a generic manner. I increased my pace, furiously thrusting. She went crazy, trying to throw her legs up on my back. She didn't succeed, but the attempt itself opened her up for deeper penetration, and I took the opportunity.

I slowed down, enjoying the squeeze of her vagina around my dick. She had excellent muscle control, all right. I licked her flat nipples, once each. She hefted her tits up, giving me better access. My licks turned to sucks. Her nipples got harder through oral manipulation. And her pussy was gripping even harder.

"You know how to get me off, don't you, my big man!"

I guessed that I did, but it was all instinct. I accelerated my groin attack. She urged me on, jerking her head from side to side. Her knees lifted, and my cock had full access. She grabbed my ass and pulled me against her. Our groins were joined. Her face was flushed red down to the tops of her chest, and she was grunting with every breath. I was close to orgasm. Her hands grabbing my ass and lower was enough to push me over. I felt my cum shoot deep. She came at the same time, or close, given how she tensed up during my sperm spurts. I rolled off, exhausted. God, that was good sex. I couldn't have been that aggressive with Maggie. We'd had blistering hot sex in a way Maggie and I had never achieved. Oh Maggie, I'm so sorry!

The blonde sat up, tits hanging. "I'm going to take a shower. You made me so sticky, you nasty boy!" She kissed me open mouth and nipped at my tongue when I engaged her in Frenching, something else Maggie couldn't tolerate. "Get dressed. Sissy will be home soon."

Sissy? After she went into the bathroom, I pawed through papers on our dresser. Finally, I found an envelope addressed to both of us - Charlie and Heather. The only possible explanation crashed down on me like an avalanche - Heather was my wife. Maggie was gone, or at least not with me. And who was Sissy?  Our daughter? I'd really messed things up now. At least that hot frolic in bed was with my current wife. Would that count as cheating on Maggie? If Maggie wasn't my wife, then what happened with Felice? 

I wracked my brain, trying to remember where I'd heard that name. Wasn't there a blonde cheerleader named Heather that Maggie introduced me to at a reunion? 

I cleaned up in the bathroom, listening to Heather sing off-key in the shower. I'll admit that I stole glances at her through the frosted plastic. The water stopped and she pulled back the curtain. God, she was voluptuous. My cock got hard again just looking at her slick wet body. I was jealous of the droplets that traveled across her face, down her neck and over her tits.

I needed to know more, while being subtle. Heather expected me to know all the details of our life together. "I have an interesting perspectives game. You're willing, right?"  I moved back into the bedroom and started getting dressed, socks and underwear first.

Heather grabbed a towel from the rack and followed. "Sure, sweetie."

I grabbed a pair of pants hanging on a doorknob. "Okay. Tell me how we met."

"Really? You know the story."

I didn't. "Tell me anyway, from your perspective. It'll be interesting." I went into a stranger's closet and chose a shirt. Had my taste changed being married to Heather? Everything looked more expensive than my regular taste and budget.

"Okay, if you insist." She dabbed at her body with the towel. "I was going steady with Roger Wilcox, the quarterback. You must remember him. A real ladies' man, and I thought I'd caught him. We hadn't gone all the way but did some serious making out. He said that was fine and that he'd be patient. Maybe I never told you this before. Anyway, everything was going fine when one weekend, he told me he and his buddy were going someplace stag, no women allowed. I didn't think anything of it and went off with some friends for a couple of days. By the time I got back on Monday, Roger and some plain chick had gotten engaged."

This was all my fault. Roger told Maggie he loved her in the alley, except it was me, not Roger. So Maggie fell for him and got him to commit. "So then what?"

"Well, I felt terrible but my best friend told me to pick myself up and find a nicer guy. We went to a concert on campus and in the crush of people, somebody in a Nixon mask was rubbing and grinding his body against me. And then my skirt was up and my panties were down and I realized, shit, this guy was going to fuck me, standing up in the middle of this mob."

"Did he?"

"Come on now. You know the rest. My hero." She put her arms around me, pressing that awesome body against mine. "You pulled him away before he did any damage. You held him on the ground with your hand on this throat until security showed up. Turned out, it was Roger, the shithead, looking for what I hadn't given him."

Wow! I rescued Heather from a rape by Roger, just like I had Maggie. "It sounds so much better when you tell it."

"That's because you're modest as well as heroic." Heather kissed me. "And a great lay. Now let me get dressed, and you should too. I promised Sissy I'd take her shopping but I have to cook for the PTO meeting tonight so you're elected."

Who was Sissy again? Oh yeah, our daughter, presumably. Noises of a door rattling were audible even in the upstairs bedroom.

"That's her, always forgetting her key. You go on, take her to the mall. She can catch up with her homework after dinner."

"Okay." I took one step towards the door.

"Where's my good morning kiss?" Heather had her arms open. I thought I'd already delivered multiple good morning kisses and a good morning fuck to boot. If there wasn't a daughter downstairs, I might have picked Heather up, laid her on the bed and gone for another ride. But duty and a new daughter called.

I went downstairs and opened the door. Two lovely young ladies stood there, side by side, both with tight tops, short skirts, nice legs and backpacks. One was blonde, the other brunette. The brunette caught my attention because she looked almost exactly like Felice, my real daughter.

"Daddy?" whined the blonde.

I turned my attention to the blonde. "Hi."

The blonde gave me half a hug and a kiss on the cheek. "You are so rude, checking out my friend. Don't I come first?"

The sexual innuendo wasn't lost on me. "Of course, sweetheart." Was that my pet name for her? "Your mother wants me to take you shopping."

"Perfect." The two young ladies came in and dropped their backpacks on the floor.

I looked at the brunette, who still hadn't been introduced. Was I supposed to know her already? "Is your friend coming with us?"

"Daddy, first you check her out and then you forget her name? Not cool."

The brunette blushed.

Heather came downstairs in sweats. "Are you two still here? Oh, I didn't know you'd be bringing Joy home with you."

Joy? Felice? That was weird.

"Your Dad's taking you shopping because I have to cook for the PTO meeting."

"That's perfect. Joy can stay here and help you while Daddy and I shop. We won't be too long. I only need a couple of things." She shook her chest, and a couple of things wobbled under her shirt.

"I don't have many opportunities in the kitchen," said Joy. "My mom doesn't like to cook."

Joy had Felice's voice, soft and sexy. Her mom sounded like Maggie, whose recipe book was a folder of carry-out menus. Was Maggie Joy's mother? Then who was her dad?

Sissy grabbed my hand and practically dragged me out the door. "See you guys later."

The car key in my pocket matched a foreign-branded two-seat couple. Not my Dodge sedan. Somehow, marrying Heather had moved me up a notch.

"I'm so glad you don't have to be at work today," said Sissy.

I didn't even know where work was, or what I did. "Yeah, me too." Maybe Sissy would play along with questions for which I should have known the answer. I started slow. "How's school?"

"Wow! That's perfect, that's what I wanted to talk to you about, in private." She crossed her legs. Her short skirt slipped dangerously close to her privates.

I swerved to avoid a car that was pulling out from a parking space.

"Daddy, keep your eyes on the road."

Did Sissy suspect I'd been distracted by her leg show? Shit! 

The street-wide banner I'd seen in front of the high school was missing. "Tell me, how did your school do in basketball this year?"

"We sucked big time. And can you believe it? They said it was our fault - the cheerleaders! That we didn't get our students and fans energized enough. Maybe if they got better players-"

Sissy kept talking but I remembered a different ending of the season when the team won the championship. In that reality, the cheerleaders made all of the difference. Sissy's voice faded back in to my consciousness. She's uncrossed her legs and her skirt had moved up her thighs. "Is Joy a cheerleader?"

"No, see, and she would have been perfect for the squad. She has energy and is athletic and - say, why does that matter?"

"Just curious. She seemed to be the cheerleader type." Whatever that was.

"Maybe you should tell her that when we get home. Maybe she'll change her mother's mind about it if we both think she'll be great."

So Maggie or someone else as Joy's mother kept her from the squad. Was that my fault too? Joy's lackluster school experience and the team's lost season?

"Daddy? Earth to Daddy! Can we talk about what I need?"

To get laid, I expected. "Sure. What is this thing you wanted to talk about? In private?"

Sissy's cheeks got redder. "I need help with an experiment, but I have to be sure you're qualified to assist. You know, that you have the right skills."

She made it sound difficult. "I'll try my best."

"Perfect!"

I parked the car and she took my hand. "Come on, slow poke."

She ran ahead, her skirt flapping, exposing her panties to me and every one else behind her. I jogged to catch up. She waited at the entrance. I stopped to catch my breath. "You're getting out of shape, Daddy."

I felt my stomach, trimmer than myself before Heather. Maybe this marriage was an improvement over the one with Maggie. But I couldn't leave things this way, could I? "I promise I'll work out more."

Sissy giggled. "You never work out. Come on, the store is right over there." We were hand-in-hand again, walking straight towards Vanessa's Secret.

"You need underwear?" I asked.

"They don't call it underwear, silly. Lingerie and foundations." 

Sissy led me to the chest foundations area. A pleasant clerk smiled. "How may I help you?" 

"I need a couple of new bras. The old ones are too small." Sissy thrust out her chest, as if to prove her point.

Sissy's tits were still growing? They looked full sized to me, maybe even bigger than full size. Took after her mother, I suppose. Her mother, not my wife. The distinction gnawed at me. The clerk and Sissy had a discussion about styles, materials, underwire and other considerations. There was some conspiratorial buzzing as well. 

The clerk remained smiling and led us both back to a changing area with small cubicles. "You can try them on in here." She handed the garments to me, not Sissy.

Sissy opened the door and walked in. With a tug, I was pulled in after her. She shut the door and locked the latch. "I'm going to qualify you now."

Huh? "Qualify me for what?"

"You remember. What we talked about in the car. I need to do some experiments for my combined biology and psychology classes, but I need to be sure you'll cooperate. So, this is a test run. Okay?"

What choice did I have? Besides, somehow, I knew this would lead to pleasurable circumstances. "Sure. Qualify me."

"Perfect. So, do you find me attractive?"

"What man wouldn't?"

"Not any man. You. We need to be specific for the experiment."

"Okay, yes, I find you attractive."

"Put your hands on my shoulders."

I followed her directions, massaging them a bit like I did her mother. "Like this?"

"Yes, but you shouldn't wiggle your fingers. Just touch. The experiment, remember?"

"Okay, okay. Now what?"

"So, tell me, are you more excited touching me than when you weren't?"

"I guess so." My cock hadn't shrunk or inflated by the mere touch of her shoulders.

"Good, but you'll need to be more precise in the experiment. We'll use a numeric scale for the real thing, but for now, just 'yes' or 'no' will do. Now, remove your hands."

I dropped them to my sides. Sissy pulled off her shirt. Her breasts strained against the bra. It was tight, all right. I wondered if her pussy was tight. My cock lurched. Since Sissy wasn't my real daughter, could I have sex with her without regret? Maybe Heather would be okay with it, like Maggie was.

"Are you more excited now, seeing me this way?" She pulled back her shoulders. 

I wanted to take her tits in my hands but took deep breaths instead. "Yes. Oh yes."

She reached behind and unclipped the bra. It practically jumped off her chest, only the straps kept it from hitting my chest. She let the garment drop. "And now, with me exposed. More excited than before?"

"Hell yes!" Without permission, I reached up for those two full globes of flesh. Sissy batted my hands away. "I didn't tell you to touch me. You have to do what I say, Daddy, or you'll ruin the experiment."

I hoped that the experiment included panties off, my pants off, and delicious penetration. "I'm sorry."

She smiled. "Okay, now you can touch them."

I wrapped her breasts in my outstretched fingers, palpating their mass. God, they were firm and upright yet soft. Must have been strong chest and back muscles. "I'm even more excited than before. Just so you know."

Her face was a bit redder, her lips moist and open. "So am I, Daddy. Your hands feel so good."

"Not as good as this." I hefted one breasts to my mouth. My lips found the nipple soft but extended. I nibbled the tip, gradually opening my mouth to suck the whole tip and more into my mouth. My tongue ran across the nubbin.

"You're improvising again." Sissy moaned and pulled away. "You shouldn't be doing that. Its sexual, and you know how Mommy feels about sex between parents and children."

I didn't know, a dangerous gap in my relationship with Heather. "So touching your breasts wasn't sexual?"

Sissy smiled. "Yeah, a little bit. Good thing you won't be doing the experiment with me." She popped on one of the new bras. "There, fits fine. Do you like the colors?"

The one she wore was flesh tone, the other was white. "Yeah, sure." I didn't try to hide the bulge in my pants. "So what do we do now?"

"Pay for the bras, silly, and go home."

Sissy put her shirt on over the new bra. The clerk noticed our exit from the changing room. "Were these satisfactory?"

"Perfect. I'll take both of them. My daddy will pay."

Besides the bras that were being rung up on my charge card - still with my name, thank goodness - I was sure that I'd pay for having sexual feelings for Sissy. But if she wasn't my partner for the experiment- And then it hit me. Joy was! The young woman who looked like Felice and I were going to get sexual with each other. And I had Maggie's permission to have sex with her. Not her, Joy. Her, Felice. But was Joy Maggie's daughter? My daughter, I mean. And how would the current Maggie feel about me, who isn't her husband, having sex with Felice, I mean Joy? It was all so confusing.

In the car on the way home, I couldn't help but ask. "Remind me, when did your mother tell you she won't tolerate incest?"

"Last week." She turned towards me in the bucket seat. "We had a sex talk, and that's when I told her I wanted you to be my first."

Holy vaginas! "You did?"

"Yeah, and she got really upset and told me you and I could never do it. Not first, not ever." She clasped her hands together and stuck them between her thighs. Maybe she'd gotten excited too, during my qualification. "Tell me, Daddy, would you want to be my first? If Mommy didn't object, I mean?"

My face felt warm and my cock was bloated down the leg of my pants. "I would have been honored."
