 WARNING:

The following story is for the entertainment of ADULTS ONLY, and contains descriptions of explicit sex.  If you are not an adult, or reading sex stories upset you, or you are offended by subjects of a sexual nature - do not read any further! 
This story is for entertainment only.  It contains adult oriented material. This is a work of fiction.  The acts and characters contained within are figments of my imagination and have no basis in fact.  I do not practice, advocate, condone or encourage acts portrayed here.  The characters in the story are entirely fictional.  You need to believe that all of the characters are over the age of eighteen.
This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely distributed with this notice attached.

* * * * * * * * * * 

The odor of urine was in my nose if not on my pajamas. I hadn't been wearing PJs when young Heather pissed during our sexual encounter, so it must have been mental.

I'd walked straight from the bedroom to the kitchen in this unfamiliar house. I'd been unable to locate any mail or document that would have identified me or the woman in the matching bathrobe. My stomach gurgled in response to the smells from the sizzling skillets and boiling pots on the stove: potatoes and onions; eggs with peppers? I salivated. "Hi, dear," I mustered, "what's cooking?"

"Did you have a nice nap?" Her face didn't give anything away. And her robe, matching mine, hid the secrets of her body.

Nap? So it wasn't morning but she was cooking a breakfast-style meal? "I guess so."

She stirred one of the skillets. My nose hadn't deceived me: fried potatoes and onions, and just about done. "Did you talk to her this morning?"

I didn't know who 'her' was. Given the pattern of these time jaunts, 'her' was probably a daughter, whose name I didn't know. "Uh."

She used a spatula like Zorro used his sword. "Charlie, we talked about this last night. You promised." The round egg shield flipped in the air and landed perfectly.

At least my name was still Charlie.

"She'll be home from work soon." She scooped potatoes and onions into the omelets shell, sprinkled it with shredded yellow cheese and folded it shut. "I'll go out and leave you two alone. But really, she has to learn discipline."

"Of course." Who was I to argue with a master chef, or whatever she was.

Pretend wife slid the perfect omelets onto a waiting plate. "I put the jelly out." Along side, she dropped three slices of already prepared bacon and a piece of toast. "Spending her paycheck at work is a bad behavior and we need to break her of it now. What did Deputy Fife used to say in Mayberry? Oh, yes. 'Nip it in the bud.'"

I took the plate from her and sat at the table. Three kinds of jelly awaited: strawberry, raspberry and apricot. I took one bite of the omelets and considered staying with this nameless woman, eating myself silly until the end of my days. So our daughter spent her paycheck at work, hmm? Pretend wife was right, that wouldn't serve her well in the long run. And I could have a rational conversation on that topic without sex. Success seemed assured. "Uh, okay dear."

"Don't dear me, just fix it. She looks up to you. Daddy's girl. Just this once, use that leverage."

I kept eating, worried that this was a dream and the plate would vanish. In no time flat, I joined the Clean Plate Club. I washed the dish and put it in the dishwasher spotless. No reason to make this wonderful wife and mother angry. I wondered when our next meal was, and what palat-pleasing fare awaited me.

I wandered through the house, looking for clues about my current identity. My pretend wife was dusting in the living room. "Do you know what you're going to say? You'd better be prepared, or she'll twist you around her little finger like she always does."

So I was a pushover, huh? Not this time. Financial responsibility was an important skill, and I wasn't going to let whatever-her-name-was go astray. I stuck my head in her room. A girly place, all pink and frilly. Carved wood letters in an arch above her mirror gave me one answer - her name - Nicole.

"She's here," my pretend wife hollered.

I walked the hall back to the living room, which was now dust free. The front door opened and Nicole walked in, her arms loaded with bags from Vanessa's Secret. Damn, that was the store I'd taken Sissy to, back when I was pretend married to Heather. "Hey, I've got both of you here. Terrific. I've got big news!"

She dropped the bags, ran a over, and gave me a big hug. Her body was fit and trim, and too good in my arms. So I'd have to talk to Nicole about not spending her money at Vanessa's Secret? This was going to be more difficult than I thought. I'd hoped for an electronics store, a shoe store, anything but Vanessa's Secret.

"You spent your check again, didn't you?" My pretend wife snorted and stomped up the hall. The sound of her slamming our bedroom door shook the painting above the piano.

Nicole was still in my arms. Why hadn't I let go? Because holding her felt too good. I dropped my arms and took a step back. "What's the news?"

She smiled. "I'm up for a promotion! Can you believe it? I just started there and -"

Pretend wife reappeared, all dressed. Not a bad body either, just a bit worse for wear. I tried to image pretend wife in bed naked, but all my mind could conjure was images of the food she'd prepare, sumptuous and calorie-laden. "I'm going out. And not shopping!" She stormed out the front door. Evidently she released anger by slamming doors.

"What' s with Mom?"

"We have to talk." I said as I reached for Nicole's hand. I wanted a physical connection.

"Okay, we can talk while I model." She took her hand from mine.

"Huh?"

"I want to show to show you my latest purchases." She picked up the pink shopping bags. "Come on, you know you like my fashion shows."

We'd done that before, Nicole posing in lingerie for her father? Maybe her real father, but this would be my initiation. I followed her swaying ass down the hall. When I passed through her doorway, she put up a hand. "No, Dad, not here. Wait in your bedroom and I'll come to you." She flashed that smile again, and synapses went off in my brain. Where had I seen that smile before?

I went into my bedroom and sat on the mattress. This chat was not going to go well. I could just feel it. 'I'll come to you'? As long as it wasn't 'You'll cum in me'. This was no flash back to save Nicole from a bad first experience. Or was there? Was time so jumbled for me? I hadn't initiated Joy under similar circumstances, although I'd been prepared to, until Sissy interrupted.

Nicole called from the hallway, "Are you ready?"

"Yes," I lied: I wasn't prepared at all.

Nicole waltzed in. The negligee was a thin veil over matching bra and panties. The bra pushed Nicole's breasts up, making her modest chest look big. The panties were just whips of translucent cloth. "What do you think?"

"You're gorgeous." It was a truth that should have stayed hidden, but now both her body and my feelings were exposed. "But we still have to talk about your spending habits."

She knelt on the floor in front of me. "Okay, what about them?"

"Your mother and I are worried that you don't respect the value of money. This outfit is beautiful, no doubt about that. It makes you look - well - it makes you look -"

"Sexy? Desirable?"

I had the best seat in the house to view Nicole's breasts, from above. She pressed her upper arms tight and her cleavage almost made me lean forward. "Yes, all of those things."

"That's why I buy these outfits. To please you. And I do, don't I?" Her lips formed a perfect pout. A pout that was prepared to become a kiss.

And if I went there, then the game would be over. I'd be throwing off my robe and pajamas, and all caution to the wind. I took a deep breath. "You don't need to spend your money to make me happy. I'm happy with you, just the way you are."

"So you don't like this outfit?" She stood and pirouetted.

The back of the panties was a thin strip, exposing her ass, round and full. "I like it very much."

"Not it. Me? Don't you like me in this?"

I didn't understand the implication or intention. Hadn't I been clear? She had to stop these purchases. "No."

"Then I should take it off and return it."

"Returning it is good, but wouldn't it be best if you didn't buy-"

The negligee slipped from her shoulders and hit the floor. So did my jaw. She reached behind her back with both hands, pushing her chest out. The bra popped open, sliding forward, releasing her tits. She reached for the sides of her panties.

My cock was throbbing. I wasn't supposed to do this, was I? Have sex with Nicole? Wasn't I supposed to wait until she had bad first sex and then come back and make it better? "Shouldn't you change in your room?"

"I want you to see my body. Boys seem to think I have a nice body. They compliment me all of the time. About my nice tits." She held them up for inspection. "And my legs." She lifted one off the ground and put it on the bed next to me. I followed her hands, which stroked her limb from ankle past the knee and up her thigh. I couldn't take my eyes off her crotch, her pussy playing peek-a-boo through the lacy fabric.

Nicole let me take a long look before she put her foot back on the floor. "And even my booty." She turned around, giving me a close-up view of her exposed ass. Her pussy a lace-covered bulge just below two round globes.

"They're right, of course. You have a beautiful body, no matter what you wear. So you don't have to spend all of your money to show off for me."

"Then how do I get your attention? I just want you to love me."

"I do love you, sweetheart."

"No, Dad. I mean love me. Make love to me. I want you so bad." She was back on the floor, with her hands on my knees, looking up at me with needy eyes.

My pretend daughter was asking for me to be her lover: probably her first. Why did I need to make her suffer through a bad experience when I could make it right for her now? One less time trip. "And you'll stop blowing your paycheck on this stuff?"

"Oh yes. I'll blow you instead." She pulled my robe open and pulled my cock from my pajama pants. "It's so much bigger up close."

She'd seen it before, from a distance? Her lips kissed cock. It lurched against the moist flesh. "Oh Daddy, you're so big. How will it ever fit in a small pussy like this?" She leaned back and spread her legs, and pulled back the outer flesh.

If my pretend wife's daughter kept her promise, a roll in the sack would solve the problem. And I couldn't turn down this opportunity. Hell, it was probably the reason the clock had sent me here. To give this young woman her first sexual experience. And no one can refuse the clock.

She pulled me to the floor and rubbed the tip of my cock up and down her labia. "I've waited so long for this. You have no idea." Just as I pushed my hips closer, the phone rang. Nicole moved out from under me. "I have to take this." My cock rubbed across her belly and a breast as she slid past.

I heard only her half of the conversation. "Hello?" "Yes." "I do? That's terrific." "All right. Yes. Fine." "Oh, thank you. Thank you so much!" Nicole put down the phone. "I got it!" She hugged me, her naked body smooth and warm and formerly willing. "I got the promotion. I'm Vanessa's Secret's newest senior sales clerk."

I kissed her cheek. "I'm very proud of you." I let myself kiss her on the lips. Hell, I'd been prepared to fuck her. A kiss was no big deal.

She returned the passion through her lips, pressing her body against mine. If she hadn't been juiced up before, this news had pushed her over. Not that she was a pushover, but she'd been very willing from the start. 'Senior sales clerk' echoed in my mind. And then I knew where I'd seen that smile. The clerk who'd allowed me and Sissy to play around in the dressing room! No wonder she looked at me that way. Or had it been my imagination?

I shrugged off my robe, unbuttoned my top. My PJ pants were already at my ankles so I stepped out of them. We were both completely naked and ready for her first time. She scooted back on the bed. I climbed over her, hovering. I kissed her lips again. She tried to pull me down but I hadn't explored her body enough. I tested each nipple with my lips. She arched her back in response. I slid lower and kissed her navel, then slid my tongue lower until it reached her labia. This time, I pulled her pussy open and sampled her with my mouth.

"Dad! Oh Dad! Don't tease me like this! I'm ready. Pleeeeese!"

I scrambled up between her spread thighs. The silver clock on the nightstand was not pleased. I could tell by the look on its face. But what difference did it make, if she got her first sexual experience from me now, or later after someone had botched the job? She took my cock in hand and put it in position. That's when my digestion grabbed my undivided attention. I had a bad cramp, one that wouldn't wait. I bolted for the bathroom. I sat on the toilet not a moment too soon. It felt like I was emptying my entire body into the toilet.

"Dad? Dad? Are you okay?"

"Yes, dear. I'm sorry. It came on so sudden."

The force had been so strong; I hadn't had to squeeze even once. I cleaned myself, flushed, and washed up. My cock had softened. When I came out, Nicole was on the bed, sitting cross-legged, in my bathrobe, no skin exposed. My pretend wife stood next to the bed, arms folded. "Hi, honey."

"Honey my ass. What were you two doing?"

"We talked, just like you wanted. And Nicole promised not to buy lingerie any more."

"And what was she going to get in return, hmm? That?" She pointed at my prick.

I hadn't bothered to cover up. "Oh, that? Well, you see -" How could I explain my mission, to make young women's first experiences pleasurable to a woman whose name I still didn't know? "- I wanted Nicole's first time to be a good one."


"First time?" Nicole laughed. "You thought you were taking my virginity?" She laughed so hard she fell over. The robe separated, exposing her pussy. My cock started to get harder.


"Charlie, look at yourself. Getting an erection thinking about your daughter's sexual behavior! And you, missy, are you using protection? We're going to the doctor right now, to get you fitted for contraceptives and tested for sexually transmitted diseases. Go get dressed."


Nicole bounced from the room, still in my bathrobe. My pretend wife followed, but then stopped in the doorway. "And if you think you'll be able to have sex with our daughter after she's safe, you have another thing coming."


I sat on the bed while they chatted in the distance. I heard the front door slam and the sound of a car pulling away from the curb, laying rubber.

I had to go. I certainly couldn't stay in this relationship, not with pretend wife pissed and a laughing stock to Nicole.


I yearned for my real wife Maggie and my real daughter Felice. The event that messed up my own history was when I chose to save Maggie the humiliation of getting raped by Roger. There was only one way to put things back the way they were. My stomach knotted, and not from my recent meal. I lay down in bed, holding the silver clock to my chest, picturing the alley.

-----

Just like the previous time when I time-tripped back to save my wife from rape, I was alongside a garage in the alley that Maggie used to walk home from her date with Roger, the quarterback. The last time I was here, I'd scared Roger away and pretended to be him, coaxing Maggie into a mutually enjoyable fuck. There was no sign of me on my previous trip. Maybe the laws of time travel prevented such paradoxes. In any case, it was just Roger and me. I knew where Roger would be, stalking his victim in a ski mask. I didn't want to scare him off or interfere, so I crept to the house next door, hopefully one without dogs. Around the corner of the garage wall, I watched Maggie come closer. Roger stepped out. Maggie was surprised but not defensive. Roger took her hand and moved her into the shadows. I heard her voice, asking questions, pleading to be released. Then a shriek. Had he ripped off her clothes, or merely advanced on her too fast? Her begging tones turned to sobs, crying as Roger took advantage. He was shouting demands, that she take pleasure in his forced entree. That she enjoy having non-consensual intercourse. He must have finished, because I saw him run out into the alley and towards his frat house, pulling the ski mask from his head and stuffing it into his varsity jacket pocket.


The deed was done. I knew what it would take to escape this time trip. Head down, I ran into the garage wall.

-----

When I opened my eyes, I was laying on the couch in my bathrobe. The sun was low in the sky, so it was evening. "Well, look who's back from dreamland. I swear, you never have time for family, do you? You work all day and then come home and nod off." Maggie was back, her old chilly self.


"Where's Felice?" I asked.


"She had dinner at a friend's house, but they're coming back here to work on some kind of project. Now you be nice, do you hear me?"


I sighed. "Yes, dear."


We were back to normal, a complete family with an unfortunate but necessary scar. I sat up and leaned back against the sofa. Some political news show was on. The candidates being discussed were those of my original present, so I was confident I was back in my own home at the right time. And Felice was back, as if she'd never vanished.


The front door opened and Felice walked in, followed by her friend. "Hi, Daddy. Do you know Hermana?" Felice stepped aside.


Hermana was an identical twin to Sissy, my previous pretend daughter when I was pretend married to Heather. Blonde and stacked. "Hello, Mister Norris."

Good, my name was still the same. Felice walked to the couch, leaned over, and kissed me hard on the lips. That was the Felice I remembered, sexy and horny. And I had Maggie's permission to fuck her. At least, I used to. Did I still? And how could I ask such a thing? I'd have to wait for a clue from Maggie before I made my move.


I was shocked when Hermana mimicked Felice and bent over to kiss me. Her tits made my hands itch for contact. Her kiss was even more potent than Felice's. And Hermana licked my lips with her tongue as our faces separated.


I took out a hankie and dabbed my forehead. My cock hardened with the thought of these two sensual females in the house. But then I remembered the look of scorn on the silver clock's face when I tried to have sex in real time as opposed to flashback time. This was not going to end well.


Thanks to Scalia for insightful edits.


* * * * * * * * * *


###  An Original H M Tale  ###

Send me an email and give me feedback.  

Otherwise, I don't know you're reading my stuff.

Copyright (c) 2012, HarveyMarcus. All Rights Reserved.