 It is late. I walk in to the dimly lit coffee shop. I scan the room and find you sitting in a corner in the back of the room. 

You saw me as I approached and your eyes could pierce through me now as I walk towards you. I can barely see you but I sense your anger. I walk up apprehensively. Afraid I have once again gone too far. 

I lean in slowly as you look me up and down. I slide into the booth next to you despite your evident disdain. I sit quietly for a moment. 

Then out of nowhere you grab me by the neck and squeeze my throat. A small gasp escapes from my mouth. I freeze afraid someone, a stranger, will see and know our secret. 'What is wrong with you?' You spit the words like venom. Tears spring to my eyes and I look away knowing that I broke our rules.

Your grip loosens from my throat and I feel you soften slightly as your body moves closer into me. You move your hand up my neck to my cheek and push my hair behind my ear your eyes locked on mine. 

You take one finger and slowly drag it down along my throat to the small crevice at the top of my sternum. My body shivers and I begin to breathe harder. My chest rising and falling faster each passing second. 

You take a deep breath and lean into me smelling my scent and tasting my anticipation. Your mouth moves in close to my ear. 'I think you owe me an apology.' you whisper. 

Your hand continues to follow the row of buttons down the center of my shirt slightly opening your palm as you move across my breasts. Your fingers barely touch me but the warmth from your hand and your unexpected intentions excite me beyond words. 

You move your other hand from the table under my skirt to my leg and fiercely grab my inner thigh until I shudder in pain. You move in even closer and stare into me. I look around fearfully but no one has even noticed us. 

My eyes return to you and I feel your hand rip my underwear to the side. 'Take them off' you tell me. I do. I slide them down my legs to the floor. Your fingers move with intensity and find their way deep within me. I am already wet. 

You begin to circle slowly with your thumb as your fingers continue to thrust inside of me. My breath begins to tremble as you move faster. My hips shift forward wanting more. My body moves in but you stop me. You slide your fingers out and I sigh with disappointment. 

You bring your fingers to my lips and push them gently into my mouth one at a time. I lovingly suck each finger circling with my tongue tasting me and wanting you more and more. You move your hand to yourself, unbutton your pants and slide down your zipper. You reach in and move your hand up and down your length. 

My hand moves in and I feel the heat and pressure as your desire to fuck me grows. I take long slow strokes, my thighs tremble and my heart races. 

No one before has ever made me crave them with such fierce intensity: body and heart. In that moment no one else matters. It is only you and me. I slide down onto my knees without a single person glancing in our direction. Your hips move forward as you caress my face and comb your fingers through my hair. 

Under the table I longingly kiss your stomach your hip bones and find my way down. I gently kiss and lick the tip teasingly. I take just enough of you into my mouth to make you want nothing more than to be inside of me. My breath is heavy and your skin is moist. 

I move my hand to the base and slowly move my lips down to my hand sucking hard. Your muscles tighten, your blood flows and you throb inside of my mouth. Your hips move into me. Your hands hit the seat by your sides and grip hard as I move my mouth up and down. 

My hand moves further down between your legs cradling and caressing the rest of you. I continue moving my mouth along all of you finding your rhythm. My fingers continue down and back exploring everywhere. 

You grab my hair and gently caress the back of my head. Your eyes never leave me. You watch everything I do anticipating each movement. I look up and find your eyes. 

I gently press my finger into you. You take in a sharp quick breath and your body seizes with pleasure. I continue. Your heart beat quickens, blood pressure rises and sweat glistens on your skin. You let out a hard yearning breath and yank my hair up suddenly. 

I slide next to you. You grab my face and kiss me hard. You want all of me, now. You adjust your clothing, stand up and walk with intent down the long hallway. Not looking back. I glance around and notice someone staring. I stare back wipe the corners of my mouth slowly then get up to follow you. My underwear still on the floor.

At first I don't see where you have gone. There is an unmarked door slightly ajar further down the hall before the back exit. I open it. the room is pitch black. 

I can see nothing except the wedge of light coming from the hall behind me. I whisper your name. No response. The door closes and I feel your hands on my waist. I smell your scent before I see your outline inches in front of me. 

I put my hands on your bare chest and explore everywhere. You shove me back against the closed door. Your hands move to the sides of my face then grope the back of my neck and rip into my hair. 

Your face moves next to mine and I can feel your warmth. Your desire is evident as you move in closer. You bring your forehead to mine your skin is damp. I see your eyes burning into me. You caress my cheek and move your lips to mine softly at first. Small kisses. You savor every taste. 

Your body presses hard against mine pinning me against the wall as your kiss becomes thirsty with need. Your mouth moves to my neck I feel your hot breath on my cold skin. Your lips and tongue become ravenous trying to devour all of me. You rip my shirt off. 

I wrap my arms tightly around your head. My heart pounds through my chest as your hand moves to feel my breasts. Your mouth follows and you suck hard sending chills across my body. 

I arch back pulling away from the wall and into you. You grab my hips flip me over and press my face back into the hard wood of the door. You lift my skirt. Your hand starts at my waist and lightly follows my curves down. You spank me hard. One time. 

You bring your mouth to the base of my spine. You kiss every vertebrae moving up my back pausing only to unfasten and remove my bra. One hand grips my hip while the other gently rubs and caresses the shape of my ass. When your lips reach my neck you whisper for me to bend over and turn me to my right and push me face down on what must be a table. 

I lay flat bent at the waist your hips thrusting into me from behind. I want you inside of me. I feel your hand pull down your pants. You grab inside and I feel you slide back and forth against my skin as you continue to pull my hips back towards you. You enter me slowly. A little at a time. Teasing me as I need you more. 

I can hear your breath in the darkness as you thrust hard but slowly, further into me. My body shakes with need and I yearn for you to fuck me hard, but you continue slowly savoring every second. 

You grab my hair and yank up. With one forceful movement you push all of you deep within me. I moan. You lay your chest on my back. Your skin is wet and the heat from your body permeates through me. Your hips circle as you move deeper and deeper inside. 

Our hands grip the edge of the table in the same spot over my head, fingers entwined. My muscles turn rigid and my breath rapid. Every inch of our bodies are touching each other. Your face is buried in my neck. 

You are deep within my core, our hands clasped tightly together. You press harder deeper into me wanting more. You want all of me. Your movements are slow and deliberate every thrust sends my body forward. 

I can feel your heartbeat pounding into my back. Tears stream down my cheeks as my excitement begins to climax. You bring your right hand down and push the hair from my face as my entire body stiffens. Waves of electricity pulsate through me. 

Your cheek presses against mine. you thrust harder and faster. I let out a muffled whimper and you wipe away my tears and kiss my cheek hard. You feel me release. Your body absorbs me. I want to be part of you. I feel you move deeper harder with sheer want. Your breath begins to shake, your arms tense and you push so hard I cry out in pain as you release all at once inside of me. Deep. 

I have never been fucked so passionately, so lovingly, so wholly before. We lay there. Our bodies weak, unable to move. Completely fulfilled.