 Shay launched backwards with a scream as soon as she saw Sarah, leaving Dave's massive erection lurching in the air. Scrambling madly the teen ran over and threw herself onto Sarah's leg sputtering, "I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'm sooo sorry!" Only an instant before she had been down on her knees using her talented pink mouth to suck the load of sperm out of her neighbor and love of her young life. All of that had been shattered when she had caught a glimpse of the house owner silently watching her as she was about to accept the load of hot cum into the back of her throat.

Sarah was aware of the young girl's very wet pussy sliding against her foot as Shay attempted to bury her face and shame into the older woman's thigh. She could feel the intensity of Shay's embarrassment through the tightness of the girl's arms wrapped around her leg. Watching the events that had just taken place made her all too aware of Shay's hot breath only an inch away from her still soaking pussy. Get a grip on yourself! She's a girl and a teen at that! 

Dave groaned in frustration at the interruption and with undisguised disgust, made no attempt to hide his raging shaft from Sarah. Still breathing hard from being so close to his peak, he placed his hands on his hips and waited for Sarah to speak. His cock jutted in front and bounced very slightly with his heartbeat. Sarah was certain she had never seen one harder. The heavy shaft looked almost as angry as he appeared to be.

"Go home, Shay" Sarah spoke softly as she glanced down to meet the teen's tearful eyes.

"Yes, ma'am. Please don't hate me! Oh, please don't hate me!" Shay said as she looked up in anguish.

"We'll talk later. Just go home for now so I can talk with Dave." Sarah decided to do her best to regain control of the situation and spare Shay from further humiliation. The girl was obviously emotionally devastated at having been caught naked and performing a blowjob on Dave. She watched as the sobbing girl slowly released her grip on her leg bowed her head and began searching for her bikini. Despite the situation, or maybe because of it, Sarah found herself admiring the girl's perfect teen ass and flawless creamy complexion as she dressed. I would love to...you would love to what, Sarah!? What's gotten into you? She quickly tried to dismiss the sexual ache blooming inside of her. Surely it was only because of the scene she had witnessed... 

Shay, only slightly more dressed in her bikini, stopped as she walked to the front door, stood on her toes and softly kissed Dave on the cheek. "I'm sorry. Please call me later." The young girl pleaded.

"Perhaps you should get dressed." Sarah directed to Dave as Shay closed the front door behind her.

"No. Not now. I can't put on clothes while I'm this hard." Dave looked and sounded as frustrated as she had ever heard. In fact, he voice sounded flat and cold toward her; disgusted even. This was a far cry from the warm personality she was accustomed to.

"Don't you think you should cover up so we can talk about this? Maybe put on a robe?"

Dave locked eyes with his former foster mother and said, "No, I don't think we need to talk about this at all. I'm an adult with adult needs and I'm going to fill those needs. I don't mean to be rude about it, but there's nothing you can say that will stop me from having sex. As a matter of fact, I'm very disappointed you didn't call and let me know you were coming home early so you wouldn't walk in on something like this. Really, you're very disrespectful!" Dave strode angrily past her as he went to his bedroom.

Inexplicably, Sarah found herself feeling chastised and guilty at Dave's accusation. She watched as his tall, athletic form walked toward her, just brushing her slightly as he went upstairs to his room-still completely naked. The touch and the pent up sexual tension made her legs feel wobbly. As he walked past, she eyes locked onto his swaying cock until he was past and the view was replaced by his lean, muscular ass. Despite the circumstances, she couldn't help admire his physical perfection. Only when he was out of view did she realize she had been holding her breath. This is crazy! I've been single way too long...

In his room, Dave lay on his bed with his angry, swollen cock lying against his belly, reaching his belly button. Frustrated from the hormones raging within, all he could think of was how much he needed to cum; preferably while fucking a hot, slick pussy. He was staring at the ceiling with his arms folded under his head when a knock on the door gave a split second notice as Sarah strode into the room. Ashamed of her meekness downstairs, she had decided to try to talk to the young stud again.

"Would you please cover that thing up?" she started with exasperation upon blundering into the room and seeing his hardened shaft. 

"Don't you think it would be a good idea to let it go down before I try stuffing it into a pair of pants? I mean, you should be more considerate since you're the reason it's like this anyhow!" Dave made no move other than his cock lurching slightly at the sight of her.

Sarah's knees almost buckled at those words. Does he mean that he gets hard because of me? "How is it my fault," she asked with a stunned expression. She felt like the air was being sucked from her lungs at the idea the boy was sexually aroused by her. I simply can't let him figure out how weak I feel looking at him like this!

"If you had called ahead I would have made Shay suck me off sooner and you would be none the wiser. Now I have to find another girl to get me to cum before this drives me crazy!" he said as one hand reached down to grip his erection. Sarah's eyes were immediately drawn to the movement and she felt that weakness growing inside of her. Dave had always looked at Sarah as an older roommate rather than a foster mother and was completely comfortable speaking to her as an equal. Now, since he was an adult with his own business, he really was the roommate for all intents and purposes. "Seriously, the way you chased Shay home, I doubt she'll ever be willing to give me a blowjob again! That was a crappy thing you did!"

Sarah felt the meekness creeping back in as Dave scolded her. She knew she should stand her ground, but Dave's extraordinary confidence put her off balance. Once more she tried to be the adult, "You really should not be doing that sort of thing in my house and especially with the neighbor's daughter! Have some respect!"

Dave exploded from his prone position and stopped a foot short of Sarah, which placed his cock only about three inches from her soft, flat belly. "In case you haven't noticed, I run a business from this home which actually brings in more income than your floundering real estate income. I also pay half the mortgage, utilities and other expenses and not because you asked! I think I have every bit as much of a right to entertain guests in this house as you! In the future, if you don't want to walk in on something, make sure you call!"

Her head bowed in the face of Dave's outburst, Sarah weakly said, "We'll talk more after you've calmed down." With that she turned and strode from the room. Dave watched her tight, heart-shaped ass as it left the room and suddenly had a new goal. When Dave had a goal, he stopped at nothing until he achieved it. Taking his rigid cock in his hand, he gently stroked it once. He absolutely hated jacking off and only masturbated when he couldn't find a girl willing to drain his balls for him. Right now, he still had an option and made a call.

*******

"Hey, baby." Lisa answered on the second ring. It never failed to make his heart flutter when she called him, "baby". 

"I need to see you."

"You have great timing. Jessica is out with her friends for a little while. I'll leave the door open. You'll find me in the bedroom on the bed. It doesn't sound like you want to waste time."

"Thanks lover. I'll be there in five minutes." Dave threw on a pair of black athletic shorts and red T-shirt, ran downstairs, grabbed the keys to his Ford F-150, also black, and pointed it toward the home of the 37 year old bombshell. 

*******

Lisa was a very willing slut for him and never denied anything he asked. She was only a couple inches taller than Shay at 5'3" and blessed with freaky genetics. In her youth she had a wonderful future modeling before she foolishly fell in love with an idiot and became pregnant. She looked more like a woman in her late twenties or very early thirties with a small D cup chest, proud bubble ass and strong, but feminine looking, well muscled legs. It's perfectly obvious the inventor of high heels daydreamed of a woman with legs and an ass just like hers. 

Complimenting her other features was a naturally tapered, slim waist and a perpetual golden tan. In short, most men were intimidated immediately by her body. To top it all off, her face and smile were simply and exquisitely beautiful. Built for one thing; that's what men said about her. 

Easing through the gates he rolled to a stop and parked in the driveway and since his company did all of her landscaping maintenance, no one would really question his visit. He really didn't give a shit if anyone knew he was nailing the beauty anyway. In his mind, it only increased his stature if people knew he was using this dream woman as his personal fucktoy. Kicking his shoes off just inside the door, he went directly to her bedroom and found her lying crossways on her queen sized bed. She was as naked as promised with two of her fingers lazily toying with her wet, pink slit in anticipation. A slow, sweet smile spread across her face to show that she was as eager to see her handsome stud as he was her.

Slipping his shorts and shirt off, he grabbed her ankles in his hands and spun her until her head was at his crotch. Lisa loved being treated rough in bed and adjusted her head until it was off the edge of the bed and looking up at his balls. She took his cock in her hand, slipped it between her ruby lipsticked lips and let him begin to fuck her mouth. Dave controlled his lust only slightly. He powered his cock directly into her throat hard, but not hard enough to hurt her. He fucked her mouth over and over again as his balls slid along her face with each thrust.

Dave took his time and enjoyed squeezing her breasts and feeling their weight and texture while he was treated to the visual of his cock sliding in and out of the throat of his personal whore. Her right hand was still lightly twirling away on her glistening slit. It made him swell with pride that there were a shitload of men who would gladly pay to be in his place right now.

When Dave reached forward and lightly touched her leg, Lisa gracefully rolled in the direction his hand guided and reversed position. Lowering her head to the mattress, she arched her back and placed her solid bubble ass high in the air. Holding his cock at the base with his right hand, Dave nuzzled the head into the wet lips and parted them. He slid the spongy helmet through her soaking labia and eased inside her oily sleeve until he bumped up against her cervix. Both groaned with satisfaction and relief.

Taking a grip just in front of her hipbones, he began to piston at an easy pace. 

"Oh, honey....god....oh, baby, that feels sooooo gooood..." Lisa began to babble in a soft, sexy soprano voice, smooth as honey.

"I need to dump a load into you, baby. Shay and I were interrupted earlier and I couldn't finish," Dave moaned. His thumbs almost touched at her spine as he pistoned in and out in measured, even strokes. What a perfect ass...

"Fuck it all into me," she murmured. "Fuck all of that cum deep into me. You know I'm always here for you. You're fucking me soooooo nice. You make me...feel so...full inside...Make me your woman, baby. Ohhhhhh....you're so...big... hitting bottom...every time..." Lisa was softly babbling as Dave fucked her into another more beautiful world. She loved their tender moments together, but loved it when he took her as if she had no choice.

Dave's pelvis slapped rhythmically into the firm, upraised ass of the older beauty with every stroke and felt his balls smacking into her tender clit. He kept his head down and watched his cock fuck into the pink slit over and over again; watching the single ripple of her ass each time his hips slapped against it. He soaked up the way her pussy pulled out slightly on every exit as if it were trying to prevent his cock from leaving. Reaching forward he grabbed a fistful of her hair and raised her head from the mattress as he picked up the pace and began to slam into her harder and harder. With his other hand he pulled one arm back into the middle of her back. She immediately offered the other and he pinned them both against her back with one hand while the other kept her head aloft with a firm grip in her hair. It was too much for the horny woman.

"OHHHH...SHIT! FFFFFFFFUCK! NOW! CUM NOW, BABY! CUM WITH MEEEE..." Lisa felt warmth spreading from her sensitive pussy as it slowly radiated outward as her lover's steady fucking pushed her over the edge.

His head tilted back as his balls lifted tight against him and he felt the knot of pleasure begin to build just below his balls as his cock seemed to grow hot. With one final hard thrust he buried his cock as deep as he could remained locked in place as he roared out his orgasm. Shot after shot of rich sperm began to jet deep into the blonde trembling and whining beneath him. One, two, three, four, five, six...the ropes of cum blasted into her before beginning to slow to a dribble. He felt the muscles continue to spasm just under his scrotum as they fought to push more and more sperm into the warm nest of Lisa's canal. Dave's orgasm left his weakened and he slowly collapsed forward until his weight was resting almost entirely on her; only his elbows offering any sort of respite.

"It's okay, baby; just rest. I like your weight on me," Lisa whispered as she also slumped forward onto her stomach. Drained and lost in euphoria, Dave allowed his face to dip down until his face nuzzled into her neck. She could feel his warm breath on her skin as it gradually slowed. She felt warm and safe when his body covered hers. His cock was still mostly hard and lodged deep inside her body. The blonde with the baby fine hair relished the feeling of being connected with her handsome stallion and closed her eyes in satisfaction.

*******

Sarah closed her eyes as the sensations grew stronger. As soon as Dave had left she had stripped her clothes off as rapidly as she could and began to relieve the built up sexual tension from their confrontation. She cooed with pleasure as her two middle fingers eased inside of her dripping, bald snatch as her mind's eye replayed the image of his angry looking erection. Even as he began to climb the peak to a huge orgasm, she wondered if he had noticed her ragged breathing in his presence. She hoped he hadn't...or maybe she hoped he had. Her fingers twirled against her clit rapidly, causing her whole body to jiggle slightly in response. The two slim fingers eased back inside and dragged against her inner walls as she pulled them out and began to twirl in a smith circle on her clit again. Her orgasm was drawing closer and her breath began to catch in her chest as his naked image surfaced in her mind.

What in hell am I doing!? I can't be thinking of him this way! Despite her resistance, her body betrayed her as his proud naked body was resurrected in her mind. The vision of his handsome face, broad muscular shoulders and flat toned torso flooded into her imagination against her will. The tension in her pussy built and her muscles tightened as her fingers became more focused on her clit, circling tighter and faster. I can't cum thinking about him! I can't!

Sarah's body surrendered and a warm cascading wave radiated outward from where a long finger brushed just the right spot one final time. Her toes curled and every muscle seemed to lock at once as her back arched. His lean, muscular body was the only thing in her mind as she went over the cliff.

*******

Shay reclined on a stack of pillows on her bed while wearing nothing but a tiny pair of silky pale blue panties. The panties only covered what needed to be covered with the sides being nothing more than string and accentuating the sweep of her hipbones. Lost in thought, she gazed out of the window and collapsed inside knowing her beautiful neighbor, Sarah, now saw her as a common slut. A single tear slid from a pale blue eye as the shame sought an exit. Despite how she felt, one tiny hand was slightly tucked inside of her panties and idly toyed with a still wet and aching pussy. She had been so close to making her boyfriend (in her mind) cum and was deeply affected that she hadn't been able to take care of her man like a good girl should. The fact she was so horny despite her shame, convinced her that she really was nothing more than a teenaged tramp. Please call, David...

*******

"Okay, now that you've gotten what you wanted, you have to get out of here before Jessica comes home, stud," Lisa teased with a chuckle. She didn't want her handsome lover to leave, but neither did she want her daughter to learn that her mom was being serviced by a stud young enough to be her son.

Dave stirred on top of her and took more weight onto his elbows. "Let me take you to dinner next weekend. My schedule seems clear enough and I'd love to be seen in public with the hottest chick in town," he said with a verbal wink. Just make sure you wear a short little dress and heels so all the men will be jealous. Hell, for that matter, all the women will be jealous too!"

Still lying face down, she reached back and smacked him on the ass as a grin exploded across her face. "You're the only man for me, darling and you know that."

"I noticed you didn't include the women in that statement," he said with a boyish grin. His hips pushed slightly as he playfully fucked his woman.

"Mmmmm...don't start that again, baby. You know I can't say no to you and there will be plenty of time after later. For now we both need to get dressed and get you out of here." 

"Are you sure Jessica's coming home tonight?"

"I'm sure. She and her friends are celebrating her eighteenth birthday all month. She's already turned 18 and had a huge party, but the girls all find reasons to go out and celebrate. She didn't mention staying out late though."

"Eighteen, huh," he asked with a mocking hint of evil intentions.

Lisa reached back and slapped his ass again. "You stay away from my daughter! With that smooth southern accent and irresistible charm, you'll have her panties on the floor before she knows what happened!" 

"And this is a bad thing how exactly?" he teased.

Another smack came. "The last thing I need is her getting knocked up as a teenager like her mother! I'm trying to raise her to be better than me!"

With his cock still soaking inside of her, he gave her a full stroke and kept it pressed hard into her at maximum depth, causing her to groan in pleasure to anyone who cared to hear. "No one is better than you, lover."

"Get dressed and forget about my daughter, dickhead. As for that never-shrinking cock of yours, you can have more of my pussy when she leaves for her daddy's this weekend." She reached behind her to stroke her fingers through his hair one final time before he pulled his still hard cock from her sucking pussy. They would make such beautiful babies. For that matter, so would we....

*******

Dave pulled his truck into the garage and knew what he had to do. Now that he was somewhat sated he felt bad inside about how he had treated Sarah before he left. Walking into the large kitchen he found her standing in front of the sink washing dishes with her back to him. Her chestnut hair was in a high ponytail and she had changed into a tiny pair of black cotton shorts that barely managed to cover the crease where ass and leg meet. For a top she wore a very thin sleep shirt and as usual for this time of night, she was braless. He crept forward and admired her wide hips as he silently slid in behind her and gently slid both arms around her waist. He lowered his head and his warm lips softly kissed her exposed neck. 
