 Looking back over my last entry, it seems I might have been a little wordy. But I don't know that I would want to leave any of it out, so I guess it's good I left it as-is. Every woman and every blow job that I record here deserves to be presented in context. What's the point of just describing the sexual act itself if it's just a faceless name out of nowhere? Many of these encounters were cultivated slowly, over a period of time. To leave out how these women came to give me head would make it seem like there was an endless stream of them, walking in my door and blowing me. There's a lot more to it (and to them) than that.

Anita was the first woman that I received a blow job from after I made a conscious decision to pursue my perverse obsession. But it wasn't like I was living in a monastery before that. I was working on a few other situations before I started this little quest. Since I've begun, I've found that it's good to keep a lot of irons in the fire. Some take quite a while to pay off, if they ever do. Others develop rather quickly. It's all very unpredictable, so I work to keep a lot of potential blow jobs going at once.

Like I said, Anita was first so it was easy to put her first in my journal. The rest of them are in no particular order because there's a lot of overlap, situations developing concurrently and all. And some are just more fun to write about, so naturally I'll get to those sooner.

The next one for the archives is Caitlyn. What made Caitlyn unusual was that she was the aggressor. Not that I've never had a woman come on to me before, of course. I don't mean to imply any gender stereotypes either. What I mean is that Caitlyn pursued me with the sole purpose of sucking my cock. She wasn't looking for a boyfriend and she wasn't looking to get laid. She just wanted to suck cock and I was lucky enough to be in the right place at the right time.

Caitlyn was hired as a temp where I work several months ago. When I first met her, she was kneeling on the floor, putting files in the bottom drawer of a filing cabinet. I think I mentioned that I love the sight of a woman on her knees, so obviously my mind turned immediately to thoughts of her sucking me and how I could make that happen. As it turned out, the bigger challenge was holding her off long enough to build up the anticipation. 

Caitlyn was somewhere in her late twenties. She had brown hair that tumbled in waves and curls to the middle of her back and bright blue eyes. She seemed to have a nice body, but it was hard to say because of the way she dressed. She wore jeans to work most of the time. Not that I mind jeans, but slacks are nicer and dresses or skirts nicer still. Caitlyn did look good in jeans though. She had a great ass, firm from working out. I don't think her breasts were big, but it was tough to tell because most of the blouses she wore hid them. At any rate, she certainly wasn't the exhibitionist type. 

It wasn't that Caitlyn didn't want get men's attention, as I was to find out. She just didn't use anything as subtle as clothes. I introduced myself to her on a Tuesday and on Wednesday I had three people tell me that she had been asking about me. Asking a lot about me. Which I thought was a good sign, since I certainly was hoping to get with her. Little did I know.

So that Friday I asked Caitlyn if she'd like to go out for a drink after work.

"My ex is picking up the kids tonight, but maybe I could after that," Caitlyn told me. "Is there a place near you we could meet?" I gave her the name of a bar that was close, but not too close, to my apartment.

I met her there around 7 o'clock and we managed to find seats at the bar. We ordered drinks and made polite chit chat for a little while. At one point I asked her how she liked the job she was doing at my company.

"Well, the work's a bit boring, the pay isn't that hot, but at least there's a few good looking guys," she replied, giving a long look into my eyes. I've always found it to be electric when a woman makes eye contact like that. It's like everyone has a clock in their head and they know exactly how to meet someone else's gaze and look away without it meaning anything. Eye contact that lasts longer than that takes on a sexual charge. Caitlyn looked into my eyes well beyond the point where it started to get exciting. It lasted long enough that I actually started getting aroused.

We talked for a while longer and every once in a while we'd lock eyes again. I felt my body tingling with the energy those moments created. We had been there less than an hour and were about half way through our second round of drinks when Caitlyn abruptly drained the rest of her glass of wine.

"So let's go to your place," she said, placing her empty glass back on the bar.

"What's your hurry?" I asked, hoping none of the nervous anticipation I was suddenly feeling showed in my voice.

She leaned toward me and whispered, "I so want to suck you off."

Ordinarily, the next thing a guy would say is, "Check, please." But I didn't. Partly, I admit, it was just surprise. I thought things were going well between us, but I didn't know they were going that well.

But after the shock wore off, I realized that I wasn't in a hurry anyway. There hadn't been enough build-up. The anticipation leading up to a blow job to be almost as exciting as the act itself. I like to fantasize a bit about how I'm going to get her on her knees, get my cock into her mouth. I was about to be deprived of these thrills by Caitlyn's forwardness.

"I see," I began cautiously. "Just like that?"

"I've wanted to since the moment I first met you," she replied.

Now I have been accused of having an ego, perhaps liking myself too much, but I know that women generally don't just look at me and want to blow me (sorry to say).

"How could you know that you'd want to do that just by meeting me?" I asked, genuinely curious.

"I just did."

"Do you often meet men and right away want to do that?" I persisted. I was hoping that I wasn't annoying her with these questions. As curious as I was about what would make her want to do it, I didn't want to ruin the opportunity. But she seemed pretty candid about it.

"When I meet a hot guy, yeah," she said. "I start thinking about it. Now let's hurry up and get back to your place before I have to do it in the parking lot." She laughed and started to get off of her bar stool.

"Whoa! Not so fast!" I said. "You just met me and knew you wanted to go down on me?"

"Sure. Why is that so surprising? You're a hot guy, probably got a pretty nice package. Which if you'd take me back to your place, I could find out for sure." She really seemed to be getting impatient. I obviously didn't want to irritate a woman who just told me she wants to suck my cock, but I wanted to know more.

"Okay," I said. "If I promise that we'll go straight from here to my place and I'll let you do what you want, will you let me ask you a few more questions before we leave?"

"Why?" She seemed puzzled that any man would hesitate in the face of such an offer. 

"I've never met a woman who was so forward about it. That's all." I shrugged. "I guess I just wanted to know what makes you want to do that to a guy you hardly know."

"What? Only men are supposed to be aggressive?"

"No," I said, trying to choose my words carefully. "I've just always thought that a bj was a kind of one-sided thing. That a guy gets all the pleasure and the woman gets, well... It just seems..." I couldn't think of how to finish.

"Well, I really get off on it," Caitlyn said, as if daring me to challenge her assertion. "I love to suck. Better than anything else I can think of." She stood up and grabbed her purse. "Now let's go. If you've got more questions, save them for in between innings."

I wasn't exactly sure what she meant, but I liked the sound of it. I finished my drink and followed her out of the bar.

I wasn't put off by the tables being turned or anything like that. I have no problem with a woman knowing what she wants and asking for it. But I am always curious to know what a woman's motivation is to go down on a man. In a normal, mutual relationship where both partners care about the other's sexual satisfaction, it's a no-brainer. But when there's no reciprocation involved, why would a woman be as intent as Caitlyn to gratify a man? How was she deriving pleasure from it?

Believe it or not, I really was pondering this as I led Caitlyn back to my place. I made sure I could always see her headlights in my rear-view mirror though. Whatever her reasons were, the bottom line was she wanted to suck my dick and I wanted to let her.

We got to my place and went inside. Caitlyn took a cursory look around the apartment, but it was clear she wasn't really interested in my decorating choices. I offered her a drink, but she shook her head.

"I think you've made me wait long enough," she announced. With that, Caitlyn stepped up to me and put her hand on my crotch and started rubbing me. "I want you in my mouth."

We had barely walked in the door and were still standing in the middle of the living room. So much for savoring the anticipation. Caitlyn got down on her knees and started tugging at my belt. A moment later, my pants were around my ankles and my cock was in her hand.

Everything had happened so quickly, that I wasn't even fully aroused yet. I was only about three-quarters erect, but I quickly grew to full size when she took me deep into her mouth.

"Mmmmm," Caitlyn hummed as I hardened on her tongue. "God," she moaned, letting my glistening shaft slip from her lips. "I love feeling a cock get hard in my mouth." That fast, I was rock-hard.

Caitlyn's one hand was wrapped firmly around the base of my member, the other cupped around the cheek of my ass as she knelt before me. She pumped me slowly, licking my head and vein. Then she slipped her lips over me and began bobbing rapidly up and down on me.

I was surprised by the suddenness of her attack. Just moments after walking into my apartment she was sucking me furiously. It wasn't just how quickly we got down to business. It was also the speed and intensity of her blow job right out of the gate. I guess she wanted to make me cum right away. But I like to take my time and enjoy getting head, so I did my best to hold out. 

After about five minutes she slowed her pace. She looked up at me as she sucked slower. It was awesome to look into her bright blue eyes as her lips glided easily up and down my shaft. She was on her knees, which always makes it a bit more exciting to me. Her calves and feet were splayed out to either side though... not the perfect form of my previous journal entry, Anita, but still better than squatting. Caitlyn took a few long, deep sucks as our gazes stayed locked on each other.

"I want you to cum in my mouth," she said between bobs. "Mmmmmm," she breathed, closing her eyes and taking my shaft almost down to the base before drawing her lips back up it. She was either really enjoying it or she was quite a convincing actress.

Even as I wondered why she would want me to fill her mouth with my sperm, I felt myself stiffen. She must have felt it too, because she resumed her fast-paced bobbing. A minute later I groaned as my hips twitched and my balls tightened. She looked up at me and I looked down at her just as I erupted, pumping gobs of hot cum into her mouth. I watched her brow furrow involuntarily in a slight frown at the taste of my sperm. But she continued sucking, drawing out every last spurt and dribble that was left in me. Then she squeezed me with her hand and stroked upward, milking the last drops out. She licked my head clean and stood up.

Without a word, she turned and went into the kitchen. I couldn't see her, but I heard her turn the water on and off again. She came back to the living room as I was buttoning my pants back up.

"That was way too much for me to swallow," Caitlyn told me. "If I swallow that much, I usually get sick." She smiled and shrugged.

I was mildly surprised with Caitlyn's candid way of talking. She wanted to give me head, so she came right out and told me so. I had just cum in her mouth and now she was explaining why she spit it out the same way she might explain why she didn't like a particular shade of blue.

"I hope you don't take this the wrong way," I said slowly, trying to figure out how to satisfy my curiosity without offending her. "But I have to ask... uh, why... I mean, uh, what..." I paused, took a deep breath and tried again. "What do you get out of that? I mean, obviously I enjoyed it, but I can't imagine it was nearly as good for you."

"Mind if we sit down?" she asked, apparently undisturbed by my questions. I nodded and we sat on the sofa facing each other. "Okay, what don't you understand? Why I wanted to suck you off?"

"Yeah, I guess so."

"Don't you ever look at a hot girl and want to eat her out?" Caitlyn asked.

"Sure, but that's usually not all I want to do," I replied.

"But you do like to do that to a woman, don't you?"

"Sure," I agreed. "But not so much that I only want to do that." I felt like she was missing the point of my question. "I've never cum while eating a woman. Sometimes I don't even get that hard when I'm concentrating on her."

"Well, I have cum a couple times while giving head," Caitlyn said. "It's rare, but it happens. Usually it's more exciting when there's a chance of getting caught in the act, if you know what I mean."

"So if you know you're probably not going to cum while you're doing it, and you weren't expecting me to do anything for you in return, what's in it for you?"

"First," she said, "I don't like to be eaten out. Just don't like it at all." I wasn't surprised. I had been with women before who felt the same. "Second, I've never had an orgasm during sex with a man, so..." She shrugged. "But a nice thick cock in my mouth... mmmmm, just thinking about it makes me wet all over again!"

"Okay, so you get turned on by doing it, right?"

"Absolutely! I could suck on a cock every day."

"But you don't like the taste of cum, do you?"

"Well, no. It can be pretty gross. Some guys are less nasty than others, but none of them taste like chocolate." She laughed. "Why are you so interested?"

"I was just wondering why you'd do it when it seems like there's so much less in it for you than for me. And you wind up with a mouthful of something unpleasant for your trouble." It seemed like the best answer I was going to get was, she did it because she liked it. Plain and simple. I wondered how many other women out there did it solely because they liked the act itself.

"I don't think you understand," she said, leaning forward and stroking me through my pants. "A hard cock in my mouth makes me sooo wet. Sucking a guy until he explodes... oh, God I'm getting turned on again just thinking about it." She rubbed her face on my crotch where my cock was beginning to stir again. "Feeling it pulsing on my tongue... " She put her mouth on my pants and exhaled. I could feel the heat of her breath on me as my member started to grow.

Her back arched and her hips gyrated as she continued to rub her face on me. It was obvious she was getting turned on, but I still had my questions. Sure, giving sexual pleasure can be exciting, but how could it be enough by itself?

"So it's enough for you to get a guy off, even though he doesn't get you off?" I asked, struggling to keep my voice steady as Caitlyn face massaged my member.

"Oh, yeah," she purred into my zipper. "I love it when a man cums in my mouth." Her hips gave a little shimmy for emphasis.

"But you don't like the taste of cum."

"No, but it's no big deal," she said, sitting up. "It's a small price to pay to have a man's cock unload in my mouth." She undid my pants and started tugging them down again. "God, I love sucking cock. Especially a nice thick one like yours."

I lifted myself up so Caitlyn could slide my pants down. A moment later they were lying across the room and she had my cock in her hand again. She got on her knees between my legs and began running her tongue up and down the insides of my thighs. If I hadn't just cum five minutes ago, I would have been rock hard again. Even so, I was already close to three quarters erect.

Holding me by the base of my shaft, Caitlyn touched my head lightly on her tongue as she watched my reaction. Then she enveloped my whole member in her warm, wet mouth and I felt myself spring to full attention.

"Oh, yeah," she whispered. "I love a hard cock in my mouth." I moaned softly, turned on as much by what she was saying as by what she was doing. She licked and sucked me all over, taking my balls in her mouth, then my shaft. She took her time, teasing me with her lips, tongue and hands. She pumped me slowly as her tongue ran over my balls and up my shaft to my red, swollen head.

When her lips finally wrapped around me and began sliding up and down on my rigid member, I threw my head back and grunted. It just felt so good. Caitlyn bobbed steadily on me, almost as fast as the first time. If I hadn't just unloaded, I probably would have cum in the first five minutes. Her mouth felt spectacular on me.

There is nothing quite like getting two blow jobs back-to-back. It takes a determined woman to keep at it long enough to get me off a second time, but talk about a really gut-wrenching orgasm. I've only had the pleasure a couple of times, but those were two of the best orgasms I've ever had.

I should point out that it takes more than just determination on the woman's part. She has to have good technique too. If her teeth are digging into me or she's too rough, it can ruin it. To get that second eruption, she has to keep up a good pace for quite a while and it can be difficult to maintain a silky smooth and lips only performance. So it's no easy task for her and no man should let her feel like a failure if she doesn't get him off a second time.

That wasn't going to be a problem for Caitlyn though. She didn't have particularly full lips, but when she wrapped them around my cock and started bobbing like crazy, I never felt any teeth.

A lesser woman might have used her hands to give her mouth a break, but not Caitlyn. Once she got her mouth over my cock, she stayed right on it. Her hands were gripping my thighs as she buried her head in my lap over and over. Often she came down far enough that I could feel my head hitting the back of her throat.

I ran my fingers through her hair and caressed her cheeks as she sucked tirelessly on my shaft. I don't know if she even felt my touch though, as all of her attention was focused on my cock. I pushed her hair back from her face to look into her eyes, but they were closed.

After about ten minutes of her bobbing non-stop on my rod, I began to worry that Caitlyn would run out of steam before I came. But she never slowed down. Not even once. She knelt between my legs and sucked and sucked and sucked. It was probably another ten minutes after that when I finally felt myself building to eruption. She must have felt it too because she started slamming herself down harder and faster on my pulsing shaft. It was the feeling of the head of my cock pounding against the back of her throat that finally put me over the top.

My hips bucked and my back arched, my hands grabbing the cushions of the sofa in a white-knuckle death grip. I hung there for what seemed like forever, perched in mid-orgasm. Then my cum squirted into Caitlyn's mouth, causing me to tremble with release. It was just one little spurt (After all, she had just sucked my dry less than a half hour before.), but it was incredible.

Caitlyn continued to suck on me, even as I started to go limp, draining every last drop from me. When she finally took me from her mouth, I was totally spent. I sat there on my sofa, wearing only my shirt and a smile, breathing heavily. Caitlyn sat back on her heels and looked up at me.
