 It's rare, but once in a while I get completely taken by surprise. I usually have pretty good radar, but every so often, I find a woman who sneaks under it and the next thing I know I'm getting my cock sucked out of nowhere. Maybe the secret to getting an unexpected blow job is that I'm genuinely not looking for it, so a woman who chooses to surprise me with one wouldn't feel taken for granted. I don't really know, but that's as good a theory as any, I guess. Not that it really matters, of course.

As I've mentioned earlier in my journal, I always keep in contact with plenty of women, because my obsession practically requires me to do so. Many of them are long shots at best, but you keep talking to them because occasionally a long shot pays off. And even if it doesn't, talking to women is hardly time wasted. 

I'm not a total pig that only wants women to kneel down and blow me (even though I probably come across like that). I can maintain friendships with women and not have any expectations. Maybe it's my lack of expectations that women find attractive. Who knows? The bottom line is I'll be friendly with women even if there's nothing (sexually speaking) in it for me. Of course, if they opt to take it a step further, I'm perfectly happy to oblige them.

Which brings me to Kate. Kate I wrote off early on as just too nice a girl for me. She was something special and deserved a serious man, not an opportunist like me. She lived in the same apartment complex as me and I'd see her outside often. She was a power walker and I'm a jogger, so our paths crossed frequently. She was always smiling, always very positive and upbeat in the things she said. I like people like that and I'd always stop to chat with her when I saw her outside.

As I said, Kate was just an incredibly nice a person. She was a teaching assistant, specializing in working with handicapped children. She was a volunteer Sunday school teacher. In the summer she would read to children at the public library; in the winter she took blankets to homeless shelters. It took months and months of conversation to get all of this out of her, because she was far too modest to go around telling people what she did. Kate truly enjoyed helping people, and not for any self-promoting reasons like some do-gooders. I was always impressed with her genuine dedication and I told her so quite often. I'm sure she didn't need my praise to motivate her, but she always smiled and thanked me for my words in her bashful way. 

I took her to dinner a few times early on, and she invited me to her apartment for dinner once or twice. But I never tried to advance things with her, and a peck good night was as intimate as things got between us.

After those first few dates, we kind of settled into a friendship. We'd talk a couple times a week, usually after we'd both wrapped up our jogging and walking. Once in a while one of us would invite the other over for dinner. Kate was quite a good cook, so usually dinners were at her place. I would bring dessert and sometimes a bottle of wine. I really don't know how Kate saw me, but I made it very clear that I was the type of guy who dated a lot and was not about to settle down. I also told her very plainly that she deserved a good, upstanding man and that wasn't me at all.

Kate always smiled and said something nice when I told her that I was a skirt-chasing dog (I didn't say it quite like that to her, of course). How could I not like her? And our conversations were always engaging and interesting. They could be on virtually any subject, since Kate was one of those people who read everything.

It was because I enjoyed her company, her optimistic outlook on everything and her intelligent conversation that I took her up on her dinner invitations as often as I did. Kate didn't even flinch on the occasions that I turned her down because I already had a date lined up.

Physically, Kate was petite, delicately built with big brown eyes, thick eyelashes and a beautiful smile. Her face was narrow with high cheekbones that were always rosy. Her hair was shiny and dark, falling in natural waves to the middle of her back. She had narrow shoulders, a slender waist and the shapely legs and ass of a serious power walker. Her breasts were small, but proportional to her thin frame. When she wasn't power walking, she was usually very nicely dressed. Her clothes weren't from any big name designers, but they were always very nice. She wore skirts and dresses often and occasionally slacks. Everything she wore fit very nicely on her slim build. While no one would call her a knockout, she looked good enough that men often turned to get a better look at her when she went by.

Our little friendship and dinner dates went on for several months. Obviously, during that time I was getting blow jobs from plenty of other women. I doubt Kate had any idea how much of an asshole I am. I certainly never told her that I was out trying to getting blow jobs from as many women as possible. And needless to say, she'd be mortified if she knew I was writing about our encounter.

One afternoon after I had finished jogging, Kate saw me and stopped to say hello. She also asked me if I was free for dinner that night or the next. Our occasional dinners were typically last minute things like that, so there was nothing unusual about her invitation. I told her I couldn't make it that night, but the next would be fine. I offered to bring a bottle of wine and dessert as well. Kate replied that it would be nice if I brought some red wine, but not to worry about dessert. She was planning on making something herself.

When I arrived the following night, everything was pretty much as I expected. Kate was dressed casually in khaki shorts and a loose fitting pullover. She greeted me with her customary cheerful smile and invited me in. The aroma of dinner made my mouth water as soon as I walked through the door. She took the bottle of wine, opened it and poured us each a glass. Then she went into the kitchen and brought out dinner. It was a pot roast and potatoes, seasoned to perfection. I'm a meat-and-potatoes kind of guy, and Kate knew it. This was one of my favorites.

As we ate, we talked as we always did. Most of the conversation was about the children Kate worked with at school. I always enjoyed hearing about her job. That may sound like a load of BS, but it isn't. Listening to Kate talk excitedly about how she reached a mentally challenged child would brighten anyone's day. The world needs more people with that kind of caring and optimism in their hearts.

After dinner Kate brought out the special dessert she had made: a black forest cake she had baked from scratch. She poured us each a cup of tea to have with our cake. We rarely ever had more than a glass of wine each, and this night was no exception. The cake, needless to say, was fantastic. Kate was quite a good cook, but this particular night she had outdone herself. I told her so, but she only smiled and demurely replied she had done nothing special.

It wasn't until she cleared the dessert dishes that I got a clear sign that things were different tonight. Her table is small and square with four chairs around it. We always sat opposite each other. When Kate returned from taking away the dessert plates, she sat at the end of the table to my right. It was a noticeable change from our established routine and I started wondering what Kate had in mind.

Now I'm not stupid. I see this woman has made an exceptional dinner and dessert, and no matter what she says, it obviously took no small amount of effort. Then she sat down beside me, which is something that she'd never done before. Something was up. I wasn't going to make any move on her. If she wanted to do something, it would be up to her. I had been fairly up front about the kind of guy I am and if, knowing that, Kate still wanted to start something, well, that was her prerogative.

There was something a bit strange as to how things progressed. After Kate sat beside me, she put her hand on my thigh. Now Kate has never been the touchy-feely type with me, so it wasn't just a casual thing. The weird part was neither one of us said anything about it. We kept on talking about the same things we had been all through dinner. We were just two people having a normal dinner conversation, the same way we had plenty of times before. Only this time Kate's hand was on my leg. Then she began running her hand up and down my thigh, squeezing it now and again. Suddenly she stopped and sat up straight.

"I have one more surprise for you," she said, smiling and looking away. "Could you go out to my car and get the bag out of the back seat?"

I raised my eyebrows at her request, shrugged and said sure. I brought the bag in without looking in it, but it was something fairly heavy for its size. When I came back in, Kate wasn't in the dining room. The only two rooms you can't see from the front of her apartment are the bathroom and bedroom. She could have just taken the opportunity to use the former, but the way things were going tonight, I wasn't so sure.

"Kate?"

"In here." Her voice was clearly coming from the bedroom. I wasn't that surprised. I suspected this is where things were headed. I just wanted to be sure that it was her choice. Like I said before, she certainly deserved better than me.

When I came into the bedroom, the lights were low and several candles were burning around the room. In the soft light I could see that Kate had stripped off her shorts and pullover and was now sitting on the edge of the bed wearing a lacy teddy. I was a little surprised at that. To go straight from a handshake friendship to lingerie was a bit of a leap.

Kate came over and took the bag from me and pulled a bottle out of it. It looked like a liquor bottle of some sort, but I was too distracted by Kate's body in the teddy to pay much attention to it. She led me over beside the bed and put the bottle on the nightstand. Then she knelt in front of me and unzipped my pants. This was almost absurd. I had never even given this woman a deep, passionate kiss and now she's on her knees undoing my pants?

Trust me, I'm not surprised that "nice girls" suck cock. I've had a woman who sang in the church choir swallow my cum before. So I was hardly shocked that Kate was about to blow me. It was just how quickly we went from a polite dinner conversation to her scantily clad body kneeling before me that threw me. I was expecting things to go somewhere, but never had I imagined it happening like this.

When she took my cock from my pants, I was barely half way erect. Kate slipped me into her warm, wet mouth and immediately I felt myself begin to grow. Still, it took a couple minutes of her gently rolling me around in her mouth and sucking softly to bring me to full staff. At first she went slowly, keeping me in her mouth most of the time, pausing only occasionally to give a lick here and there. Her mouth felt fantastic as my cock got harder and harder in it.

I should say something about her form. Kate was kneeling with her knees close together, feet straight out behind her. Her back was nicely arched and she held her shoulders steady, moving only her neck and head as she slid her mouth up and down my stiff cock. While I can't say that any of these things make a blow job physically feel better, the picture she presented made me throb all that much harder. She was pure cock sucking poetry in motion.

Kate bobbed slowly and steadily on me for a few minutes. Her eyes were closed as she sucked, her long lashes visible in the soft light. I was enjoying her sensual sucking, marveling at how good it felt to be in her mouth when she suddenly stopped.

Kate turned to the nightstand behind her where she had set down the bottle. As I watched curiously, she opened the bottle and poured a little of its contents into a small glass. She took a swig from the glass and turned back to me, opening her mouth and enveloping my cock once again.

I felt a cool, tingly sensation all through the head of my cock. Slowly it faded and was replaced by the familiar warmth of Kate's mouth. Then she stopped again, took another sip and did it again. And again my cock tingled with the sensation.

"Creme de menth," Kate whispered as she drank the last bit from the glass and covered my shaft with her mouth. It was quite a pleasant, if unexpected, sensation. I particularly liked how it felt like her mouth was warming up my cock as the sensation from the alcohol faded. It was almost like getting hard in her mouth all over again.

After three go-rounds with the creme de menth, Kate took hold of my member by the base and sucked me deep into her mouth several times. I swear I would never have guessed she could suck cock so well. In the candlelight I watched her lips stretch as she slid them up me. My rod was throbbing and ready for release. But Kate wasn't done surprising me.

Just when I thought she was going to finish me off, Kate stood up and pushed me back onto her bed. She pulled off my shirt and my pants, then climbed up on top of me. Her teddy, I noticed, was crotchless.

"Uh, I don't have a... I mean, I wasn't expecting," I said, trying to discourage her from intercourse by telling her I didn't have a condom.

"Don't worry," Kate whispered as she straddled me and lowered herself onto my erection. I have to say at that moment, no matter how good her pussy felt, I was still disappointed she hadn't sucked me off. Also, I didn't know what she meant by telling me not to worry, but I had no intentions of cumming inside her.

Kate sat on my cock, but instead of riding me the way I expected, she gyrated her hips, sliding them back and forth and side to side. I was deep inside of her and I could tell by her heavy breathing that she was liking it. She only kept it up for a few minutes, her breathing getting heavier and heavier, before she threw her head back and let out a low moan. Her body, impaled on my hard cock, shook with her orgasm. I could feel her trembling as she came. She held still for a long moment, then let out her pent-up breath and rocked back and forth slowly a few more times. Her body twitched and spasmed with ecstasy as she did.

I was still wondering what was going to happen next when Kate climbed off of my cock. To my immense satisfaction, she immediately slid down the bed and took me into her mouth again. I love it when a woman tastes her own pussy on my cock. Not sure why, but I always get a thrill out of that. So naturally I got even more turned on as Kate took my member, wet with her juices, deep into her mouth, over and over again.

At this point Kate was kneeling on the bed between my legs, her left hand was on the bed beside me and her right hand was wrapped around my cock. She was sucking hard now, the way a woman does when she's done playing around and wants you to cum. I held back as long as I could, but Kate's lips were doing quite a number on me. She was going more than halfway down with each bob and she was going at quite a fast pace. Finally, I couldn't hold back any longer and I felt my balls tighten and my shaft stiffen.

Just before I came, Kate pulled her mouth away and began pumping me with her hand. My load shot out of my cock, some splattering the front of her teddy. A second spurt spilled down the side of my shaft onto her hand. She stroked me a few more times, until the last dribble had run down onto my belly. Then she got up and got a washcloth from the bathroom and cleaned me off. She gave me a kiss on my softened member and laid her head down with her cheek pressed against it.

Looking back I realize that Kate had not had a date in a long time and I was the only guy she really spent any time with, which maybe explains why she would be with me at all. She also knew that I was a bit of a player, and probably figured (rightly) that it wouldn't take too much to get me in the sack. The creme de menth was a nice touch—though I still have trouble imagining her buying that bottle for the sole purpose of giving me head. The teddy had been pretty sweet too, although I think I would have preferred to see her on her knees in one of her nice little skirts.

For the official scoring, I'd give Kate an eight and a half. She looked great on her knees in her lacy little teddy. The way she bobbed her head on my shaft while on her knees was a thing of beauty too. I liked the creme de menth, but not enough that I have to have it again. It was a good novelty, but not something I'd go looking for. The best part of that was how Kate's mouth warmed me back up after the cool sensation from the liquor. Hands down the best part of the blow job was Kate taking my cock, dripping with her own juices, back into her mouth after we fucked. That's something I've always found exciting in a dirty kind of way. The rest of the blow job, on all fours on the bed with heavy duty speed bobbing, felt really good, even though it's one of my least favorite ways to get sucked. The real disappointment was not letting me cum in her mouth. I certainly wasn't expecting Kate to swallow. It would have been an awesome finish to an excellent effort if she had. But for her to make me cum with her hand and never taste a drop of my load was disappointing to say the least.