 Wow, it looks like I've made it to the tenth entry in my blow job journal. Since that's sort of a milestone, I'd like to take a moment to thank everyone for all the positive feedback I've gotten about my journal. Especially from the ladies. Not that I don't appreciate hearing from you, guys. I'm just not particularly shocked to find you're enthusiastic about blow job stories. But I have been pleasantly surprised to get such a favorable responses from women as well. It's thanks to all of you that I'm still at it. It's much more fun to write when I know people are reading and appreciating it. Thank you.

AM

*

Since a few people have been asking about Connie, and since the blow job she gave me was a ten (hope I didn't give away the ending!), I figured that she would be ideal for my tenth entry. Tenth entry--perfect ten... you get the point. Anyway...

Connie and I didn't see each other for several months after the night her sister, Holly, sucked my cock. Connie went to stay with Holly for much of that time. Holly lived a few hours away, which was one of the biggest reasons for the delay in our hooking up. The other thing that kept things from happening was Connie's husband. They talked about getting back together at least once or twice in that time and, naturally, I didn't want to interfere. So we went back to being email flirts.

We exchanged emails fairly often and, since it seemed to be understood that it was only a matter of time before Connie would take her turn on her knees in front of me, we talked about blow jobs at least half of the time. Sometimes I'd tell her what a great sucking her sister had given me and that I didn't think there was any way she could top it. Especially since Holly swallowed.

Connie was good at that game too, telling me just how she planned to top her sister's performance. I won't go into too much detail about that, since she did most of what she said and I'm going to write all about what she did. But I should give a few examples, since they were more than a little provocative.

"I can't wait to drop to my knees," she wrote in one email, "unzip your fly and let your cock fall out into my mouth. Then I'll suck you hard and shove your thick cock down my throat. I want you to stretch my lips and mouth as I take you in as deep as I can."

In another email, she wrote, "You have no idea how hard I can make your cock with my mouth. I'm going to have you begging to cum in my mouth, but I'm going to spend a long time sucking and teasing you first. By the time you cum your cock will be so swollen and aching you will beg me to finish you off."

In yet another, "I don't care how good Holly sucked your cock--I will suck it better. I'm going to give you the best blow job you've ever had in your life and when I'm done, you'll be wishing I would suck your cock every day. Every blow job you get after me will be a disappointment."

And still another, "I love to suck cock and to please a man with my mouth. When you finally shoot your load in my mouth, you'll know I'm the best cock sucker you're ever going to find."

I should point out that these are only excepts. Sometimes she would write a couple of paragraphs about what she was going to do and how she'd do it and how much I would like it. Needless to say, I was usually hard as a rock by the time I finished reading her emails.

In my emails to her I generally dropped not-so-subtle hints about things that I like a woman to do when she's giving me head. I usually did that by telling her how I really liked something her sister did. But only if it was something her sister actually did, of course. I was pretty sure Connie and Holly had discussed that night, possibly in detail, so I didn't bother trying to bullshit her. But swallowing my cum was something that Holly had done that Connie said she didn't do, so I mentioned that quite often. I didn't know if I could actually change her mind about it, but it was worth a try.

There were other things I like that were not part of Holly's blow job, like how a woman is dressed. I told Connie that I was partial to short, tight dresses, high heels and sexy elegance. Connie had made it clear she was a jeans-and-tee-shirt kind of woman, and I wondered if she even owned anything like I was describing, but I thought I'd throw it out there anyway.

So that's how we went back and forth for quite a while. It was really hot at the beginning, but, like before, as time went on, our enthusiasm for emailing each other about it tapered off. Let's face it, no matter how exciting it is to have a woman tell me how much she wants to suck my cock and how great a cock sucker she is, it's still only email. 

As the teasing subsided, I started asking her things I was curious about. Connie had told me on many occasions that she loved to suck cock, so I asked her what, exactly, did she love about it. I had to ask several times to get a full answer, and in the end I'm not sure Connie really knew for sure. 

Connie definitely got wet just thinking about sucking cock and she had almost cum a few times while giving head. She loved to feel a man's hands in her hair and she also loved hearing a man moan. She got the most turned on when she was on her knees and the man was standing, preferably with both of them fully clothed (you know I was glad to hear that!). And she always wanted to make a man cum when she sucked him.

I had to ask more questions about that last one. After all, didn't she like to stimulate her partner and then have sex? Nope... She liked intercourse just fine, but once she started giving head, she didn't want to stop until she made her man cum. I'm no psychologist, and I'm not going to guess what, if anything, that means, but she clearly enjoyed having the power to bring a man to orgasm. Preferably with her panties still on.

"So you like it when a man cums in your mouth?" I asked her in another email.

"Love it!" was her reply. Naturally, I asked her what she loved about it. Turns out it wasn't the taste, which she didn't like at all. That didn't surprise me, since I've never had a woman tell me she actually likes the way sperm tastes. But I questioned why Connie wanted a man to cum in her mouth when the taste was unpleasant. Wouldn't she rather suck for a while and then have sex, eliminating the whole bad taste issue?

Nope. And Connie was adamant about it. She got almost as much of a thrill out of a man cumming in her mouth as the man did. Naturally, I found that a little hard to believe. I mean, I know how good it feels when a woman skillfully coaxes a load from me with her mouth and it's very unlikely that she's getting as much pleasure out of it as I am. Connie insisted that, while it might not be as orgasmically good for her, she was getting what she needed from the experience.

"I don't know how to explain it," she wrote. "But I can feel it when a guy is about to cum. His cock gets even harder and I know in another second I'm gonna get a mouthful. That instant is one of the hottest things I can think of. I get wet just thinking about it."

The best part about discussing head with Connie was how she talked so matter-of-factly about it. She didn't use coy code words. When she talked about sucking cock, she said she sucked cock. When I asked her specific questions, she did her best to answer them. It was really cool. The only down side was, I'd get turned on by our conversations and know that she wasn't going to be around to do anything about it any time soon.

I got a pleasant surprise one Wednesday afternoon when I got an email from Connie asking what I was doing that Friday night. Well, I did have something lined up, but I quickly rescheduled. Even if that date had been a sure thing, and it wasn't, I would have bailed on it for Connie. A guy can only take so much build up and Connie had been building this up way too long. When I replied to her, I joked that she should be nervous about trying to live up to my expectations.

"Nah, I'm sure you won't be disappointed," Connie replied in her typically confident way. "Because I'm going to give you the best cock sucking of your life!"

Like I said, I would have postponed any date, no matter how much of a sure thing, for a woman who makes a claim like that. 

We made plans for Connie to come straight to my apartment Friday night. I offered to take her out to dinner, but she declined.

"The only thing I want you to feed me is that cock of yours," she emailed in response to my dinner invitation. "Holly told me it was delicious! I can't wait to taste it for myself!"

Well, I certainly can't complain about a woman who wants to get right down to business. Especially one who makes claims like Connie does about how good she is. By lunchtime on Friday, I couldn't think of anything but her, coming over and giving me what I expected to be some truly fantastic head. Needless to say, I didn't get a lot of work done that afternoon.

Friday night I was trying to relax and take it easy. I didn't want to be too wound up for Connie's visit. But there was no getting around the electricity I felt. I tried to just plop down on the couch and watch some TV, but I kept getting up and walking around. Every once in a while I'd think that Connie would be showing up soon. That she'd be kneeling on the floor right here as I took my cock out and gave it to her to suck. I got hard several times before she actually showed up.

When she finally did show up, I felt my cock stiffen in my pants even as I opened the door to let her in. Connie looked even better than she had the last time I had seen her. Her hair was teased up like before, but it wasn't the 80's party girl look. It was a little more reserved and it made her look more elegant. She was wearing a long leather jacket that enhanced the effect. She was also, I noticed, wearing heels. I knew Connie was a jeans and tee-shirt type and generally didn't feel comfortable dressing up. But here she was wearing heels (not very high heels, but heels none the less) and a very sleek leather jacket.

I invited her inside, gave her a kiss and took her jacket. Under the jacket Connie was wearing a silk blouse and navy blue slacks that hugged her hips and ass in a way that drove me crazy. The combination of the heels and the slacks made her ass look so good I could hardly stand it. I wanted to grab her, bend her over and take her from behind right then and there. 

Of course, that wasn't the reason she had come over. And the thought of her kneeling down in those lovely slacks was every bit as appealing. I asked if I could get her something to drink, but she shook her head.

"No, I think we'll stay away from the alcohol this time," Connie's smile was incredible and I found myself staring at her lips. A minute later we were standing in the middle of my living room making out. Our lips and tongues quickly intertwined as our hands moved over each other's bodies. I wasted no time running my hands over that wonderfully rounded ass of Connie's. The smooth material of her slacks was so inviting, drawing my caresses like a magnet.

Connie's own fingers started by running through my hair, then along my neck and then down my back. When she reached my belt, her hands ran along it to the front of my pants. She had no trouble finding my throbbing member through the fabric. She rubbed me through my pants as we continued to kiss passionately.

My hands had strayed from Connie's ass and I was alternately running them up her back and along the sides of her breasts. She was breathing heavily as her hand continued to rub my straining erection. A few moments later, she wriggled from my arms and looked up at me with a smile.

"Ready for what you've been waiting for all this time?" she asked. Again I noticed the graceful, crisp lines of her slacks and the way they showed off Connie's delicious body. My eyes followed those lines up to where the inseams came together and I wondered if she was getting wet there yet.

"Whoa, maybe we shouldn't rush," I replied. "I don't want to pop my top too soon." I didn't know if I was really that close or not, but Connie already had me really turned on. If she was half as good as she said, I'd be done in five minutes.

"Don't worry," she said, her smile spreading wider. "If it doesn't last long enough for me, I'll just have to suck you again." There was a sparkle in her eyes that perfectly complimented her dazzling smile. She clearly enjoyed hearing that she had me so turned on already that I was worried about cumming too quickly. She stepped back up to me, pressing her body against mine as she gave me a deep kiss. Then she kissed my neck and the side of my face, working her way over to my ear.

"I'm going to get on my knees now," Connie whispered into my ear, so softly I could hardly hear her over my own breathing. She kissed her way down my body as she lowered herself to her knees. A moment later she was kissing my cock through my pants. I could feel the warmth of her breath through the fabric and it made me throb.

"Take it out," Connie instructed as she rubbed her face against the bulge in my pants. "Take it out and put it in my mouth." I had to take a deep breath and will myself not to hurry. My hands wanted to race to my zipper and do as she instructed. They were nearly shaking with anticipation. The deep breath steadied me and I got myself back under control.

Very deliberately, I took the zipper between my thumb and forefinger and stood there for a moment, looking down at Connie. She looked up from her knees and smiled. She obviously knew I was trying to toy with her. She also knew that in any such game she had the upper hand. So she let me have my fun, even played up to me, knowing that she would have hers as well.

"Oh, please," Connie pleaded mockingly. "Do I have to beg for it?" Her smile grew until it was almost a silent laugh.

"I think I'll be the one begging before you're done with me," I replied. I meant it as a joke, but I was thinking it might turn out to be the truth. I slowly pulled my zipper down.

When it was all the way down, I paused again. Connie and I locked eyes for what seemed like an eternity. She had incredible eyes and it seemed impossible to look away.

"Well?" she asked finally, breaking the spell. I reached a hand into my pants and pulled my cock out. It sprang from my pants hard as a rock, pointing right at Connie. She quickly wrapped her hand around the base of it and stroked upward. A glistening bead of precum rewarded her effort.

"Mmmmm... maybe you are too close," she said with her impish grin. She licked away the precum and made an exaggerated showing of inspecting me. "Holly was right about you. You've got a gorgeous cock." She shifted me in her hand to look at my member from all angles. She nodded appreciatively. "Yep, she was right."

As Connie said that, she opened her mouth and leaned forward until the head of my cock was an inch or so away. She paused there, looking up at me. This was her response to my teasing her a moment ago. The look on her face said, "I know how to play games too... probably better than you!" I looked down at her, her incredible body kneeling in front of me, her mouth opened and poised to swallow my shaft. A low moan escaped me as my cock throbbed. Yes, she definitely had the upper hand.

Connie, mercifully, didn't torment me too long. A twinkle in her eye and a slight curling of her lips said she had teased me long enough. Then she closed her eyes and lowered her mouth over my cock. She kept her mouth opened wide though, so her lips barely touched me. All I felt was her hot breath as she slowly surrounded me. When her lips finally closed on me, the sudden warm wetness sent a shudder through my whole body. More than half of my length was instantly electrified as I felt her mouth on me for the first time.

After months of waiting and building of anticipation, I looked down and finally saw my cock in Connie's mouth. It was a hell of a first moment too. My knees were feeling a little weak as she slowly dragged her lips up my shaft until only the head was still between them.

Connie's mouth opened again and she took me in again, a little faster this time but still not touching me on the way down. Her mouth closed on me again as she sucked her way back up my rod. She did this a couple more times, each time feeling better than the last. My cock was so hard it ached and I wanted so badly just to cum and release all that built-up pressure. But Connie was intent on toying with me and was taking her time about it.

Once she had turned my shaft to granite with a few sensual sucks, Connie let me fall out of her mouth and ran her tongue all over me. When she got down to the base of my shaft, she forced her tongue into my pants to lick my balls. She lapped them gently as my cock lay across her cheek, sending shivers through me again.

I've said it before that it takes a special touch on a woman's part to lick balls properly. They're soft and can shift around at the slightest pressure and they're very sensitive. Overdoing it can be unpleasant or even painful for a guy. Fortunately, Connie was good at lapping slowly and carefully, letting the heat and wetness of her tongue do all the work. When her tongue found its way to the base of my sac, I thought I was going to lose it. The woman knew what to do with her tongue when it came to licking a man's balls.

Then she pulled back, running her tongue up the underside of my cock and leaving a trail of her saliva along my swollen vein. When she reached the head, Connie took it into her mouth and plunged down on my shaft. This time her lips were wrapped tightly on me, pushing the skin of my cock back as she took most of me in. She bobbed on me, giving me a good, tight-lipped sucking for a few moments before settling back on her heels smiling.

"I'm going to do something special for you tonight," Connie said, as she slowly stroked me with her hand. "Know what it is?" Honestly, I thought she was already doing something special and I wasn't really up to concentrating at that moment anyway. I was too busy looking at her smile to think about her question.

That's something that really gets me going: when a woman smiles a lot while sucking my cock. I mean, it's one thing to have a woman say she loves to give head. Maybe she's telling the truth or maybe she's telling you what you want to hear. But a woman who is smiling the whole time--when her lips aren't otherwise busy, that is--is a woman who definitely gets into it. And for me, one of the best parts is knowing that a woman wants my cock in her mouth; that she's genuinely enjoying sucking it. The smile on Connie's face left no doubt in my mind that she was a woman who truly loved to suck cock.

"Do you?" Connie asked again, stirring me from my admiration of her smile. I shook my head. It would have been easy to guess, I realized after she told me. But, like I said, I wasn't really into doing much thinking at that particular moment.

"I'm going," Connie said, leaning forward and sucking me gently for a moment, "to swallow." It took my brain a moment to realize what she was saying. When I finally get it, I looked down at her, eyebrows arched in surprise.

"I thought you didn't," I said.

"I don't. But tonight I will." Connie gave me a wink. "I can't let Holly have anything on me now, can I?" She sucked on me again for a moment, gently and only part way down my shaft. "Does that turn you on?"

"Yes," I breathed. In all honesty, she had been making me feel so good that it wasn't on my mind just then. But once she said it, I couldn't help thinking about it: that when this blow job was over, my cum would be in Connie's stomach. I really didn't need any extra stimulation. Connie was already doing a great job on me with her mouth. I took another deep breath to steady myself.

Connie's mouth closed over my cock again and she bobbed with an unhurried rhythm on my throbbing shaft. She went slowly enough that I wasn't in too much danger of cumming, but fast and deep enough to keep me pretty close to it. It was wonderfully sensual, watching and feeling her lips glide easily up and down my cock. She turned her head slightly from side to side as she sucked, letting her tongue caress the full underside of my cock.
