 Okay, I know at the end of my last entry I said I was going to pick up where I left off, but I changed my mind. That continuation is probably going to be a long one and, since people keep asking me to post more often, I thought I'd write up a shorter one first. So I'm going to skip the continuation for now and write about one that I promised earlier: Trish.

I also want to thank again everyone who's been enjoying my journal entries and has taken the time to write and say so. I really appreciate all the positive feedback. It really makes the time and effort that goes into my journal worthwhile. Again, I'd especially like to thank the ladies for taking the time to share their perspectives with me. Always interesting to hear how things are from your point of view. Thanks all. AM

Anyway, back to my journal entry about Trish. I worked with Trish and had been slowly trying to get something going with her. I think it was really only a matter of time before something happened between us, but it became almost inevitable after the incident with Angie. In fact, it was less than two weeks after Trish photographed Angie gagging on my cock that she decided to taste me for herself.

Trish was in her early thirties, divorced and had a couple of kids. She was a little on the plump side, but in a very cute way. She had a nicely rounded ass, curvy hips and perky, if not large breasts. Her long, straight hair was a reddish brown. I don't think it was her natural color, but it complimented her rosy cheeks and blue-green eyes quite well.

There was a simply prettiness to Trish's face. She wasn't beautiful or even a woman likely to turn heads. But she had a very girl-next-door quality about her. She looked, well, I guess 'sweet' is the word. She looked sweet.

Trish was the office gopher, meaning she ran errands, delivered mail, filled in on the switchboard and a bunch of other odd jobs. As such, she wasn't expected to meet the office dress code. That was a bit of a disappointment for me, because I would have loved to have seen her in a dress or even slacks and a nice top. But Trish wore jeans and a pullover most of the time. Not that she didn't look good in jeans... jeans can make a nice ass like hers look even better and I enjoyed the way they hugged Trish's thick thighs.

Trish had an outgoing, friendly personality. She talked to everyone in the office and smiled and laughed a lot when she did. It was almost impossible to talk to her and not walk away smiling.

It was because Trish was so easy to talk to that things went slowly with her at first. What I mean is, because she was friendly and outgoing with everyone, it was difficult to tell if she was interested. As I talked to her more, it became obvious she was at least somewhat interested, though she did say she didn't date co-workers. Again, eye contact was the key. It's amazing how looking directly into a woman's eyes when you're talking can heat things up. Even if you're talking about the most boring, work-related stuff. 

The other thing was our joking around. Trish had a really good sense of humor and, for my part, I'm always trying to crack people up. So our conversations were light and fun and usually included a little flirting.

Anyway, when Trish and I would see each other around the office, we'd say hi and chat a little. When she brought my mail, she'd linger for a bit and we'd joke and flirt with each other.

It started slowly, so it took a while for me to figure out if I had a shot with her. And even once I got to the point where I was thinking I could hook up with her, it still wasn't all that clear. Because we joked around a lot, I could never be sure how serious her flirting was.

All that changed, of course, the day I enlisted her help against Angie. That afternoon, Trish stood and watched, with camera in hand, as the biggest bitch in the office sucked my cock. As I came, Trish snapped a few pictures of the moment.

It was the only time I've ever had another woman watch me get a blow job, so I don't know if I can generalize. But it seems that once a woman has watched you get your cock sucked, it's not that much of a stretch for her to imagine blowing you herself. Assuming that she was at least mildly interested in you in the first place, of course.

Well, after Trish took the pictures of Angie, she took off and I didn't see her again until the next day. She popped by my desk first thing in the morning, asking if I had checked my email yet. I'm a guy who has his email open all the time, but I had just gotten in and hadn't fired it up yet.

"I'll wait," Trish replied, when I told her I hadn't checked it yet. When I opened my email, I saw it immediately. It was an email from Trish's personal email account and there was a file attached. With Trish looking over my shoulder, I opened the email. 

There they were: the pictures Trish had taken of me cumming in Angie's mouth. They weren't the greatest quality, but there was no doubt about what they showed.

"I like that one best," Trish said, pointing over my shoulder and letting out a little laugh.

"Yeah, you got my good side," I replied. Of course, there wasn't much of me in the picture, because most of me was crammed into Angie's mouth. Trish leaned down and whispered in my ear that she had left a disk on Angie's desk with these same pictures on it.

"Do you, uh... You think that was a good idea?" I was pretty nervous about the fallout from Angie taking the matter up with the personnel department.

"What's she going to say?" asked Trish with a shrug. "She's a married woman who was performing oral sex on a guy at work! You think she wants anyone to know that? She still has the whole thing with Frank hanging over her head, too."

When Trish put it that way, it was certainly obvious that Angie had a lot more to lose than I did. But I was still more than a little worried about it. Okay, maybe scared would have been a better word. I don't know what I expected Trish to do with those pictures, but I'm sure I didn't think she'd be so brazen as to put copies on Angie's desk.

"Come on! What are you worried about?" I guess Trish could tell I was a bit uneasy about what she had done. Trish stood up and looked around to make sure no one was within earshot. "All you did was get a blow job!" she said, ducking back down. "And a mighty fine one, judging by the pictures," Trish added with a laugh.

"Well, not that fine," I said, still worried, but not wanting to show it. "If she was as good at sucking as she is at bitching... well, then maybe."

"Oh, really? You looked like you were enjoying it just fine to me!"

"Don't get me wrong," I said. "I'm not complaining, but I've had better." I looked at Trish and gave her a shrug before adding, "Of course, I'd rather she use her mouth for that than..." I winked and Trish laughed.

"Yeah, that's the longest she went without saying something rude to someone," Trish said. We both laughed and Trish went on her way.

Over the next several days, Trish joked about it quite a bit. She went out of her way, it seemed to me, to mention it.

"Angie's over there yelling at poor Dave," Trish told me on one such occasion. "Could you go over there and, uh... shut her up?" At first I think I must have been still sweating what would happen if Angie were to drag me into the personnel office. But by the middle of the following week I was starting to loosen up some and joke back.

"Angie wants to order lunch out," Trish said walking past my desk. "Maybe you should send her over a foot-long."

"Why?" I shot back. "She only takes in three inches at time anyway."

Another time, as Trish passed me in the hallway:

"I hear they're offering smoked sausage in the file room this afternoon."

"I'll pass," I said with a wink. "Not spicy enough for me."

"Oh really? I heard it was pretty good. Looks good in the pictures anyway," Trish laughed.

"Nah, I've had better."

We had several of these little exchanges, each time we both walked away laughing. I also walked away slightly turned on, wondering what I should say to advance things with Trish. It seemed more and more that she was ripe for the picking. But I always feel a little uncertain as to where to end the joking and get down to business. 

Eventually, you get to the point where you just have to roll the dice and see what happens. I felt I had gotten to that point with Trish. If she was going to do it, she was going to do it and there wasn't any need to keep joking and flirting and building up to it. In short, it was time to whip it out and see what she'd do with it.

Trish came by my desk Tuesday morning to drop off some mail.

"How's your girlfriend doing today?" she asked. Trish had taken to calling Angie my girlfriend as a way of teasing me.

"We broke up," I replied. "She gives lousy head."

"Really?" Trish said in mock surprise. "Sure looked good in the pictures."

"Yeah, well, pictures or not, I've decided to look for a woman who knows how to do it right." I gave her a wink. Trish's normally rosy cheeks may have gotten just a bit redder, I couldn't tell. She looked around to make sure no one was nearby before answering.

"Too bad you don't come in earlier," she said and then hurried off before I could ask any questions. 

It seemed clear enough what she meant, but I wanted to be sure she really meant it. Later in the day I passed her in the hallway.

"What do you consider early enough?" I asked.

"6:30," Trish replied as she brushed past me without stopping. I knew the ball was in my court now. I felt a surge of warmth rush through my balls at the thought of Trish sucking my cock, perhaps as soon as the next morning.

I usually get to work fairly early to beat the morning traffic. I get to my desk between seven and seven-thirty every morning, so six-thirty wasn't too much of a stretch for me. Especially considering the reason. There was never any doubt in my mind that I was coming in early the next day.

When I arrived at twenty after six the next morning, most of the lights in the office were still off. I put my things at my desk, but didn't turn on my light or my computer. Instead, I left everything dark and made my way quietly back to the mail room.

The place was empty, so I really didn't need to be quiet, but when you're up to something, it's tough not to tread softly. I'm sure if I had bumped into anyone at that point, they would know that I was up to no good. Fortunately, I saw no one between my desk and the mail room.

All of the desks around the mail room were dark and unoccupied, making the light coming through the door seem far brighter than it really was. I paused outside the door for a moment and listened, but heard nothing. I wondered if Trish was going to be there. When she had said 6:30, had she meant today? Did she think I wouldn't show up? Had I misunderstood or had she changed her mind? 

I thought all of these things as stood listening at the door. Then, taking a deep breath, I walked into the room and looked around. Trish was sitting at a battered desk, a cup of coffee and a newspaper in front of her. She looked up, startled, as I came in.

"Oh my God," she said with a nervous laugh. "You scared the crap out of me!" I noticed that she kept her voice low, which she wouldn't have done if she wasn't thinking the same thing I was. "You're in a bit early today, aren't you?"

I nodded and gestured with my head toward a row of file cabinets. The cabinets formed a little alcove, hidden from the doorway and the rest of the room. Without saying a word, I walked around behind them and waited. A moment later, Trish came back.

"Just like that?" she asked, her voice just above a whisper. I looked right into her eyes, smiled and gave a little shrug. She looked at me for a moment, a look of speculation on her face. Then she looked me up and down and, with a curious smile on her lips, walked out of the alcove.

I felt immediate disappointment. I really thought Trish wanted to give me head and I had naturally assumed that her comment the day before was an invitation. I was totally surprised when she turned and walked away. I stood there a moment in comically stunned disbelief and was just about to leave when Trish returned. 

She was holding a camera. The same camera she had used to photograph Angie and me. She had a grin on her face that could only be described as devilish. It was a very unusual look to see on Trish's face. As I said, she was the text book definition of the sweet girl-next-door type. I found her grin rather stimulating.

"Take it out," Trish whispered. I readily complied and she quickly snapped a couple pictures before nervously poking her head around the file cabinets, checking to make sure no one was around. I wasn't erect when I pulled it out, but the idea that Trish was taking pictures of my cock was turning me on. When she was satisfied no one was about to walk in on us, Trish came over to me and took my stiffening rod in one hand and squeezed it while she snapped pictures with her other hand.

If you've never had sex at work or in some public place, I can't really explain the thrill. There is, of course, the adrenaline rush that comes with the possibility of being caught. But I don't think that's the only thing that heightens the experience. Maybe it's because it's out of context. An office is not a place where you're supposed to have sex, so it seems kind of dirty. And dirty is definitely more exciting. At any rate, between Trish's hand, her camera and the thrill of having my cock out in the mail room, I quickly stiffened.

When Trish let go of my hardened shaft, it remained pointing rigidly at her.

"Oh, my," she said softly as she squatted down, braced herself with one hand on my thigh and took a couple close-up pictures. Then Trish handed her camera up to me and wrapped her hand around the base of my shaft. Her mouth hung slightly open and her breathing suddenly became uneven. "Oh, my," she repeated. She looked up at me with a half smile and rolled her eyes, as if to say "I can't believe I'm doing this." I could almost see the nervous energy radiating from her.

Then Trish leaned her head back, opened her mouth wide and placed my shaft on her tongue. She nodded toward the camera in my hand, indicating I should take a picture. My hands were a little shaky as I looked through the viewer at my cock resting on Trish's tongue. I was afraid the pictures would come out blurry if I didn't calm myself down a little.

I snapped a couple pictures of Trish with my shaft on her tongue. I looked at them on the camera's viewer and my whole body trembled slightly. I have met very few women who would let a man take pictures of her while she's sucking his cock. But there is something incredibly sexy about it. Maybe it's just the idea that you'll have a permanent reminder of being in her mouth, but I don't think that's the whole reason. I think it's got something to do with the kind of woman that wants to be photographed. The average woman either wouldn't want to be or wouldn't trust a man with pictures of her. It takes a rather erotic, or perhaps even perverted, woman to hand a man a camera before going down on him.

Whatever her motivation, Trish clearly wanted me to capture the deed in pictures. I had to take a couple deep breaths and calm myself down, even as she closed her mouth over my shaft. Again, she paused with her lips wrapped around me, looking up and waiting for me to snap a picture. When she slid her lips down me, taking in nearly all of me, I took another one. 

Finally, she bobbed up and down a few times on me, her lips smearing her warm saliva up and down my shaft. I had to look away for a minute because the sight of Trish's school-girl face sucking on my cock was making me throb and getting me way too close, way too soon. I leaned back on the wall behind me, breathing heavily and trying not to look down or think about Trish's lips on my cock for a moment or two. Fortunately, Trish was sucking rather slowly, so I was able to get myself under control. 

When I regained my composure, I looked down at Trish. Her eyes were closed now as her lips slid smoothly up and down my rock-hard member. She was still squatting down, one hand braced against my thigh, the other wrapped firmly around the base of my shaft. She was wearing her long red-brown hair up, allowing me to see her alabaster neck bend to and fro with each bob of her mouth.

I've mentioned before that I like a woman to be on her knees when she sucks my cock. It's a little thing, sure, maybe even petty, but cock sucking is submissive and the most submissive way a woman can suck a cock is on her knees. So I wasn't crazy about Trish squatting to give me head. On the other hand, the way her jeans hugged her thick thighs, the way the denim seemed to strain to contain them as they came together at the rounded triangle of her pussy, was doing something for me. Yeah, maybe I would have preferred Trish to be on her knees, but I wasn't complaining.

Trish continued sucking me at a deliciously unhurried pace. She went about three quarters of the way down my rod each time, her lips firm and warm around my girth. I can't say enough how her sweet face bobbing up and down turned me on. Some women just don't look like cock suckers. I know that's a ridiculous thing to say, but it's true. There are just faces that don't seem like they belong in a man's lap. 

At any rate, Trish was clearly not inexperienced. Her mouth was warm and silky on my cock, gliding patiently up and down me. Once I was past the danger of cumming too quickly, I was able to relax and enjoy her lips' caress. She gave me a good, steady sucking, pausing every so often to run her tongue up the underside of my shaft and lick my head.

As she sucked on me, I took the camera and snapped more pictures, this time from the side. It was a bit trick trying to guess what angle to hold the camera and it took me a few tries to get a good shot. I did get a few that were really good once I figured it out. There was one with more that half of my cock in Trish's mouth, her lips stretched as she came up my shaft. There was another where my cock wasn't as deep, but she was looking up at me. I love it when a woman looks up when she's blowing me. I'm not sure why that is, but when a woman looks into my eyes while my member is in her mouth, it makes my balls ache for release.

Once I had taken a few good pictures, I put the camera down and concentrated on Trish and her sucking. I was aware that people would begin arriving at the office at any time and we should probably wrap things up a little sooner than I would have liked. Trish, however, continued bobbing at her unhurried pace. It was what I'd call a luscious sucking, and I wished I had more time to savor it. A woman who will suck slowly and patiently for a long time is a woman you want sucking your cock, believe me. Unfortunately, we had already been there fifteen minutes or more and I was going to have to cum before anyone wandered into the mail room.

As I've said before, there are a lot of factors that go into making a blow job something special. The cock sucking skills of the woman is only one piece of the picture, although it's obvious a very important one. The visual aspect is another important part. It's a big turn on for me to watch a woman sucking me, to look at her, the way she moves when she's sucking, the way she's dressed and the position she's in while doing the deed. Circumstances are another thing that make a blow job hot. In this case, I was getting one at work. That's hotter than your average living-room-sofa variety blow job. Cameras, too, I discovered, made things a bit more interesting.

All of these things were playing a factor in my level of excitement. I was listening for the sound of voices outside the mail room door while I watched Trish bob passionately on my cock. Her supple thighs, straining against the fabric of her jeans, were spread in a 'V' on either side of my legs as her neck lowered her lips over me time and time again. I soaked all this in with my eyes while the sensations of her mouth on my cock sent a more physical thrill through my loins. I watched her bob with her eyes closed on my throbbing shaft, telling myself that in a few minutes I would be cumming in the mouth of this sweet-faced woman.
