 The biggest challenge in pursuing my collection, obviously, has been finding new women to suck my cock. The internet has been quite useful in this respect, but very few of the women I've met that way have wound up in my journal. The reason isn't that I didn't get some very good blow jobs from these women. No, it has more to do with the fact that those entries would be almost identical. Yeah, there would be a different name and different face. And, of course, there are variations in where and how these women have gone down on me. But there would be very little background information about the woman doing the deed because the truth is, I hardly know them.

I've been selective as to which blow jobs I've written about. I prefer to write about the ones where I know the women well enough to give my readers a good description of who she is, what she's like and how I managed to get her on her knees. If it was just a name and a description of her cocksucking, this journal would be boring to read as well as write. I want to write what's fun for me to write about and I assume that readers don't particularly want to be bored either.

What makes this next entry so nice is that it's blow job that practically fell into my lap from a woman I already knew a bit about.

When I was in high school, one of my sisters was a couple years behind me. When I was a senior, she and all her friends were sophomores. One of her friends, Shayla, apparently had quite a crush on me at the time. I was only marginally aware of her and didn't do anything to encourage her, but I guess she noticed me. 

Shayla looked even younger than she was, and a two year age difference can be quite a lot in high school anyway. She was also painfully shy around me in those days, so it wasn't like we talked much. She simply had a crush on me and was content to watch from a distance. And I hardly noticed her at all.

What I do remember about Shayla from high school, apart from her shyness, was that she was pretty chunky. She had a very cute face, but she was roly-poly. She had soft brown eyes, reddish brown hair that she kept pulled back in a pony tail all the time. She was very fair skinned with freckles and her cheeks and nose were always pink. Also, I can't remember ever seeing her not wearing a baggy sweatshirt, even in hot weather. 

After high school I went off to college and hardly saw her at all over the next couple of years. When I did see her again, I hardly recognized her. It was at my sister's graduation and when they called Shayla's name, I looked expecting to see the roly-poly girl she had been when I was in high school. But Shayla had changed.

Even under her gown it was obvious that she had lost a lot of weight. That wasn't what really got my attention though. It was the way she carried herself. Shayla had always had a mousy, almost hunched way of walking. Now, as she walked away with her diploma, her back was straight, shoulders back and her head was held high. By the way she was walking I could also tell that she was wearing heels, which was something I had never seen her do before either.

I ran into her once or twice over the course of that summer. Shayla was still a bit shy around me, but we did talk a little bit. I still thought of her as my kid sister's friend and most of our talk was me giving her advice about college. Yeah, I had two years of under my belt and in my mind that made me an expert. To her credit, she listened attentively, though I don't know if that was because she valued my advice or if she still had a crush on me.

I did notice that Shayla was starting to blossom into quite a nice looking young woman. She was still a little thick in the hips and thighs and probably always would be. But the difference was that she now had the womanly curves that she had lacked before. Shayla also had incredibly large breasts and now that she no longer wore only baggy sweatshirts, they were impossible not to notice. They were probably D's or double D's and I found it difficult not to stare at them.

However big her breasts were though, she was still in the kid-sister category. I was having my fun in college, usually with women who were my age or older and I never really gave Shayla much thought in those terms.

Over the next few years I spent less and less time around my parents house and consequently saw Shayla hardly at all. Once in a while she would stop by to visit my sister when I was home for a holiday or something, but our paths rarely crossed. I didn't have more than a few conversations with her in all that time. Mostly they were about how college was going for her, how college, and later job hunting, were going for me. Shayla had outgrown a lot of her high school shyness by this time and she was seeming less like one of my sister's friends and more like her own woman.

Still, there wasn't anything about our infrequent conversations that would have led me to think of Shayla in sexual terms. True, she had mammoth breasts that I had trouble keeping my eyes off of, but there wasn't any flirting between us. I don't even know if she had any boyfriends during this period of time because we simply didn't talk about things like that.

After I graduated college I didn't see Shayla for a few years. I had heard from my sister that she had finished her degree and gone on to law school. Later I heard that she was living "near" me. I say "near" because she was living in the same state, not particularly close to me. But when you live far away from your family, they think anyone in the same state as you is "near" you. 

My sister even went so far as to give me Shayla's email address so we could get together. I didn't see the point in telling my family that Shayla didn't live all that close to me. I also didn't see the point in sending her an email, because we really didn't know what we'd have to talk about if we did get together. I had hardly talked to the woman since we were in college and without person in common present, like my sister, I didn't know how things would go. Yeah, the thought of her huge breasts tempted me, but in the end, I just let the matter go. 

You have to understand that my family wasn't trying to hook me up. They just assumed that both Shayla and I, being so far from home, might get homesick or something like that. I was enjoying life, had made new friends and never felt a pressing need to have any close contacts from home. I might have been a little annoyed by my family for assuming that I needed their help making friends. Or maybe I felt like they wanted someone checking up on me. I don't know. The bottom line is, I never emailed Shayla.

It was a few years after that I finally saw Shayla again. My sister had come to visit Shayla and arranged for the three of us to get together for dinner one night. Living far from home, I don't get to see much of my family and naturally I wasn't going to miss a chance to visit with my sister. I really wasn't thinking much about Shayla when I accepted the invitation.

Well, I have to say that I was blindsided. If my sister hadn't been sitting with her, I wouldn't have recognized Shayla. She was, plain and simply, stunning. 

It wasn't just her physical appearance, though she did look great. Shayla was poised, witty and outgoing, a totally different person from the shy, sweatshirt-clad girl I remembered. The three of us had a terrific time that night and we wound up staying at the bar and talking for several hours after dinner.

Shayla's red-brown hair that she had always worn pulled back in a pony tail was now immaculately styled, falling in silky waves just above her shoulders. It was also streaked with blonde highlights. Her once-freckled face was now clear and slightly tan. Her thighs and hips, while still a little thick, were tantalizingly feminine, especially when I saw her walk in high heels. Her breasts were every bit as large as I remembered and the low-cut top she was wearing showcased them deliciously.

I guess the biggest thing that was different about Shayla was that she knew men were looking at her and she was relishing it. She was enjoying the way men's heads turned to follow her as she crossed a room. Not that she was craving attention in a vain or insecure way that some beautiful women do. No, she was enjoying herself and her life and that was just a perk.

At the end of the night as we were getting ready to leave, my sister excused herself to use the ladies room. When she walked away, Shayla handed me a business card.

"You don't live that far away," Shayla said. "We could get together sometime if you'd like." I smiled and said that sounded like a good idea. Walking out, I couldn't help notice how round and firm her ass was and how it swished gracefully with her hips as she walked away in her high heels.

While we waited near the entrance for my sister to return, Shayla turned and gave me a funny look that I didn't immediately understand.

"You know," she said, and then paused. Then she just shook her head. "Nah, nothing. Never mind." There was a sheepish grin on her face and I asked her what she was going to say.

"Nothing really," she said. "Well," she said again after a moments hesitation, "when we were kids, I had the biggest crush on you." She smiled and looked me in the eye, but quickly looked away. Before I could say anything, my sister returned and the three of us left.

Now when Shayla had handed me her card, which had her home number and email address on it, I had every intention of calling and/or emailing her. She had turned into quite a hottie and I was definitely interested in seeing her again. When she told me about having a crush on me in high school though, I got a little concerned. I had had a similar thing happen with a girl from my graduating class. 

Without going into too much detail, let's just say that I thought we were just a couple of consenting adults having a bit of fun. But she was apparently expecting something far more serious from me, even though she was married with a couple of kids. I don't want to have my fun at the expense of anyone else's feelings, so I'm naturally leery of getting involved with women who might be expecting something meaningful to come from it. Yeah, I've said it before, I'm a shallow, self-centered dog who's just out trying to get his cock sucked. But I do try to avoid hurting anyone while I'm getting my rocks off.

Anyway, Shayla's admission that she had had a crush on me in high school set off the warning alarms in my head. I decided that, while it might be a lot of fun to see Shayla, I was probably better off keeping her at a distance. So I waited over a week before I emailed her, and I kept my email pretty bland. It was a lot of "nice to see you again" type stuff and I didn't suggest anything about getting together again.

Shayla noticed this omission and emailed back to ask if I wanted to get together with her again. My reply was a "yes, but." I said I was busy and didn't know when I'd be able to make it out to see her. Shayla was a smart woman and clearly saw my brush-off for what it was. 

Her reply was blunt. Her feeling wouldn't be hurt if I simply didn't want to get together with her, whatever the reason. But I should have the decency and balls to be honest with her.

I thought about that and then sent her an honest reply. I told her that I was seeing other women. I said it in a way that I thought made it pretty clear I was a bit of a player. I obviously didn't tell her about my collection, but I did make it clear that I was not a one-woman man. 

Shayla's response took me down a peg or two.

"I'm not in the market for a man and even if I was, don't flatter yourself. I may have had a crush on you when I was a kid, but that was then and this is now. I think we could have some fun hanging out once in a while, but I don't want you to get the idea that I'm still fantasizing about you sweeping me off my feet! LOL!" There was a lot more to her email and the overall tone was more joking than the little bit I quoted might indicate.

I sent a suitably humble reply and we wound up agreeing to get together shortly after that. That first "date" if you will, was as much fun, perhaps more, than the dinner we had had with my sister there. I made sure to make it a weeknight, just in case, so I could always make the excuse of having to be at work early if things didn't go well. But they did and then I was a little sorry that I had set it up the way I had.

During our conversation, Shayla told me, not without a lot of embarrassed laughter, about her high school crush on me.

"I used to fantasize about you driving up to my house, knocking on the door and telling me to get my things and come with you," Shayla laughed. "The best part was that I didn't even want to know where you were going, only that you were taking me with you." I laughed along with her. My car at the time was quite a rust-bucket and only a starry-eyed school girl could have ever seen it as her knight's white horse.

Shayla had a disarming way of talking about those days and her school girl crush. I never felt like she was telling me about it to make me feel bad that I hadn't paid more attention to her then. Nor did she make me feel like it was something she expected me to act on now. It was just a fun, if slightly embarrassing, reminiscence.

Shayla was such a different person now that it was difficult to remember the timid girl she had been. I think that confidence and intelligence are two of the sexiest characteristics a woman can have and Shayla had them both in abundance. I guess it was because she didn't seem the slightest bit insecure or needy as she recounted her teenage crush that I was able to listen and laugh without reservation.

Dinner ended with a polite kiss and we went our separate ways. But we continued to email each other regularly. In the course of our correspondence, Shayla made it clear she found me attractive. She was also careful to distance herself from the crush she had had on me. She never came out and said it, or even did a good job of implying it, but I definitely got the impression she was thinking about me in sexual terms.

Of course, I had been looking at her in those terms ever since the dinner with my sister. I just hesitated to act on it because I was worried Shayla might have deeper expectations. The other thing that held me back, perhaps the only thing once I knew she was long over her crush, was the fact that she was a long term friend of my family. I could see it being a bit awkward getting together with my sister and Shayla if we had some sort of quick fling or something like that. I hinted around at my concerns.


Shayla's reply once again was that I shouldn't be so full of myself. Two consenting adults who were attracted to each other should be able to get together and have a little fun and walk away without all that baggage. I don't know that I was convinced, but I'm a guy, so I wasn't going to turn her down.

It wasn't until a few weeks later that we actually got together again. We picked a Friday night this time and Shayla suggested a restaurant near her. I took her choice of restaurants to mean that we'd be going back to her house after dinner, which was fine with me.

I think both of us felt pretty confident about how the evening was going to turn out, so our conversation was a lot more flirtatious. At first it was a little strange flirting with Shayla, openly acknowledging that I wanted to sleep with her. But she was beautiful and charming and we talked as easily as we had on our previous date. The glass or two of wine we each had didn't hurt either.

After dinner I had a warm, good feeling about how things were going and I was looking forward to where the rest of the night would take us. As I suspected, Shayla invited me to follow her back to her place. 

Now my sister, during the dinner with the three of us, had made some comments about Shayla's house. Even so, I was stunned by the size of it. The house was not only huge (by my humble standards, anyway), it was also gorgeous inside and out. I knew Shayla was a successful lawyer these days, but I guess I didn't realize just how successful she was. Every room was furnished and decorated very tastefully. The bedroom that had been converted to her home office was larger than the living room of my apartment. She laughed and waved her hand dismissively when I said so.

"Oh, it's not all that," she said, clearly enjoying my reaction. "Just a humble abode for a simple working girl." She laughed even as she said it. Now she wasn't showing off or bragging really. She was just proud of what she had accomplished and her house was a tangible measure of those accomplishments. Probably Shayla had enjoyed showing my sister the house too, because we could appreciate just how much she had done with herself. 

When she finished giving me a tour, she brought me back to her living room and directed me to pick a bottle off of the wine rack and open it.

"I'm just going to, uh, slip into something more comfortable." We both laughed at her use of the cliche, but I couldn't help wondering exactly she was going to slip into. I could feel my pulse starting to pick up a bit at the thought. I wasn't disappointed.

I opened a bottle of wine and poured each of us a glass. Then I sat down on the sofa and waited for her to return. A few minutes later she did, nearly making my eyes pop out of my head. Shayla was wearing only a silky sheer night gown that left very little to the imagination. It fell just below her knees but did little to hide anything under it. The outline of her nipples and her ample breasts was clearly visible beneath the thin covering. Her hips and legs were also silhouetted for my eyes to absorb. Even the shadow of that slice of heaven between her thighs seemed to be showing.

Shayla stood just inside the doorway as if waiting for me to look her up and down, which I couldn't help but do. She smiled warmly at my reaction. She came over, picked up her wine glass and sat down beside me.

"I hope you don't mind my, uh..." Shayla indicated her gown. Before I could say that I obviously didn't mind, she added, "What I really like is to be naked, but I figured this was better. At least for starters." My head was whirling as I pictured Shayla walking into the room completely naked. I was getting very aroused at the thought.

"Naked is fine with me," I said, taking a sip of my wine. I was feeling a warmth inside that had nothing to do with the alcohol. The thought of this gorgeous woman standing before me without a stitch of clothing really had my blood pumping. To my surprise and delight, Shayla stood up and shrugged off her thin gown. It fell around her feet with the softest whisper.

I looked up into her eyes, but only for an instant. The temptation of her exposed body was too much for me and my eyes darted greedily down to her ample breasts. They were magnificently large and firm, her nipples wonderfully erect. I followed the luscious curves of her hips to her firm, supple thighs, then to the soft, neatly trimmed hair of her mound. I must have run my eyes over her entire body a half dozen times before I finally looked back into her eyes.

Shayla just smiled the same way she had when she had shown me her house. She was clearly proud of her body and, fortunately, not put off by my drooling over it. She stood there, patiently waiting for me to drink in my fill of her. Then she sat back down next to me, sitting close enough for her bare skin to rub against me.

We sat there taking sips of our wine and looking into each other's eyes, but neither of us seemed to have much to say. We smiled foolishly at each other for a minute or two before we finally put our wine glasses down and started making out.

Our lips quickly found each other as our arms pulled our bodies together. I felt the soft warmth of Shayla's breasts pressed against my chest as her tongue slipped in and out of my mouth. My hands ran down her back then back up to caress her melon-like boobs. She moaned softly as I gently squeezed them and ran my fingertips across her nipples.
