 Well, here we are. I made it to my nineteenth journal entry. Once again I want to say thank you to everyone who's taken the time to send feedback, post a comment or cast a vote. It really makes it fun to share my experiences when people respond the way you have. Thank you.

That said, I also want to tell everyone that I'm going to make this my last entry, at least for a now. There are several reasons, but the main ones are, one, there are only so many ways to describe a woman's lips sliding up and down my cock and, two, lately, it's been taking away from the pleasure of getting my cock sucked. What I mean is, I can have some nice looking woman on her knees giving me the best cocksucking she knows how, and instead of just enjoying it, I'm thinking about whether or not what she's doing is special enough to be worth writing about.

That's the thing. I've gotten some really good blow jobs that aren't in my journal simply because there isn't anything that makes them different. How many times can I write about standing there while a woman on her knees bobs on my cock? While no two women give head quite the same, it's tough to write about it in a way that they seem different. So a lot of those women who gave me good blow jobs aren't in here because they didn't blow me in a way or a place to set themselves apart from the pack.

And if worrying about how to make it sound different is taking away from the actual pleasure of cumming in a woman's mouth, then what's the point? That's one of the most wonderful things I can think of (especially if she swallows) and if I'm not enjoying that to the fullest, something's wrong.

So I'm going to call it quits. Once again, thanks to all of you for making this so much fun.

AM

*

Since this is going to be the last entry, I'm going to do something a little different. I said above that there are a lot of good blow jobs I've gotten that didn't make it into the journal. I'm going to pick a few to write about. Most of them have at least something a little different to set them apart. And even if they didn't, these women all sucked a good cock and deserve to be mentioned at the very least.

These entries are mostly women I met on the internet, which, as I've mentioned before, means I really don't know very much about them. There's not a lot to tell about how we met, what we said to each other and how things progressed to the point where they took my cock into their mouths. These women were all out to meet men and have a little fun of their own, so things happened pretty quickly with them. Unless I think of something noteworthy that happened leading up to the blow job, I'm just going to get right to it.

I'm going to start with Sally, who probably deserves her own entry, if for no other reason than she was a woman who plain and simply loved to suck cock. There were also a few things about the way she gave head that made her unique. So if this weren't my final entry, she'd be a separate journal entry.

I met Sally, like the others here, through an online dating site. Her profile said she was single and no kids, but after we exchanged a few emails, she admitted to being a married mother of three who was looking for some extramarital fun. That was fine with me, and I asked her what she had in mind. I certainly wasn't expecting her reply.

"I love sucking cock. If you want a no strings attached blow job, let me know."

"A blow job? Just like that?" I emailed back, a little skeptical, to say the least. Her answer was simple and direct.

"Yes... as long as you're circumcised! ;)"

I asked her a few more questions, and wound up agreeing to meet her, of course. I always enjoy asking women about sucking cock, especially the ones who say they love it like Sally. I'm always fascinated to hear what it is that a woman like about having a man's cock in her mouth. Any woman who's ever given me the chance to ask them about it will surely find my questions familiar.

I asked Sally what in particular she liked about giving head, what positions she preferred and how she felt about the taste of cum. My experience has been that most women give fairly similar answers. But I always enjoy hearing a woman talk about her cocksucking, so I ask whenever I get the chance. Sally's answers weren't particularly different in substance, but she was great at getting her point across.

"What do I love about it?" she wrote back. "A hard cock, throbbing in my mouth... mmmmm... god it makes me wet! Grind it against the back of my throat! Yes! And cum... oh, damn I can't wait to taste it! Fill my mouth and there's still not enough! When it slides down the back of my throat all I can think of is that I need more! Do you shoot big loads? God, I hope you do!"

Sally had skipped over the question about what positions she liked to use when giving head (not that I was complaining about her answer, mind you!), so I asked it again. Again, I was not disappointed.

"Make me get on my knees," Sally wrote back. "Make me beg on my knees to suck cock. Stand over me and wave it in my face. mmmmmm.... Then cram it down my throat! Ahhhhh...."

Well, with answers like that, I made sure I got together with Sally as soon as possible. When she told me a specific date, two weeks away, I asked her why then. She explained that her husband occasionally traveled on business and so she liked to line up three or four or more guys over the day or two he was gone. Then she'd suck their cocks one by one. She said her husband usually traveled about once or twice a month and if she could get her mouth on at least a few cocks each time, it was enough to hold her over. Of course, I had to ask what she meant by 'hold her over.'

"I am happily married," Sally explained. "I love my husband and my life with him. But I can't go without sucking cocks for very long. Fortunately, I can get my 'fix' when he isn't around."

"Why don't you just suck your husband's cock more often?" I asked.

"You obviously don't understand," Sally wrote back. "I need to suck COCKS! Not the same cock over and over again. COCKS! Lots of long, thick, hard throbbing cocks pumping their salty warm cum down my throat and into my stomach!"

I don't know if Sally was exaggerating for my benefit or if she really had the craving to suck cock the way she claimed. Having seen her in action, I will say I'm inclined to give her the benefit of the doubt.

One thing Sally refused to do was to email a picture of herself, so I had no idea what I was in for. I have to confess, I was afraid she'd be really fat and/or really ugly. I certainly didn't expect her to be hot. My jaw dropped when I saw her pull up in front of my apartment building. I had been worried she'd be unsightly. That may be cruel, but let's be honest, appearances count. She was a forty-something mother of three, and it never occurred to me she might be hot. But Sally was hot! The thought of a woman as good looking as her being a ravenous cocksucker had me stiffening before she even came through the door.

Sally was petite, maybe five foot two with a very slender build. Her dirty blonde hair fell in curls to just below her shoulders. Her pale blue eyes were surrounded by long lashes. They seemed a little dark and sunken. Her cheeks too were lean and had a slightly sunken look to them. Her chin was prominent and delicately shaped. All of her facial features had a crisp, chiseled look to them. She didn't smile much, but my eyes were drawn to her lips nonetheless. They were puffy and pouty and, if what Sally said was true, about to get very busy sucking cocks.

I looked her up and down as she tossed her jacket aside. She was dressed in surprisingly nice clothes. A white silk top, a black leather skirt that fell just above her knee and the kind of stylish high heel shoes you don't usually see a woman just walking down the street in. As my eyes ran over her again, I couldn't help noticing how large her breasts were. Not that they were huge, but on a woman with as delicate a build as Sally, they looked deliciously big.

We introduced ourselves and, trying not to drool on her, I offered Sally a drink. She shook her head, looked around, seeming a bit impatient.

"Do you want to just get to it?" Sally asked. There was a kind of vacant look in her eyes. I thought it was strange that she didn't seem a little more animated. I mean, judging from her emails I was expecting, I don't know, more energy or enthusiasm. Here she was, a woman who had said she couldn't suck enough cock moments away from having my rod in her mouth and not showing any outward signs of being excited. Well, all I'll say is that I made the mistake of judging a book by its cover. Sally may have looked a little bored or impatient, but once my cock was out, she threw herself on it with the enthusiasm that she promised. 

When she said she just wanted to get to it, I shrugged.

"Shouldn't you be on your knees?" I asked. A little wisp of a smile crossed her lips and she nodded slightly.

"Do you have a tile floor?" she asked.

"In the kitchen," I replied, a little mystified.

"I like to kneel on a hard floor," Sally explained matter-of-factly. She didn't seem to care if I thought it was a bit unusual. She knew what she wanted and she wasn't bashful about it. I shrugged and led her into the kitchen. "Also," she said as she got down on her knees, "I'm not wearing any panties and I will be cumming. You don't want me to make a mess on your carpet." Another fleeting smile.

Sally reached up and unzipped my pants. She pulled them down and directed me to step out of them. She tossed my pants and underwear across the room and took my cock in her hands. I was already pretty aroused and with a few squeezes and pumps of Sally's hand, I was achingly hard. Her full, pouty lips wasted no time engulfing me. Her lips went swiftly up and down my shaft, spreading the warmth of her saliva over my stiff member.

Sally had excellent cocksucking form. Her knees were close together on the tile of the kitchen floor. Her feet pointed straight out behind her. She was too short to sit all the way back on her heels and still get a good angle on my cock, but that was okay. Her back and shoulders stayed marvelously still as she bobbed her head from the neck. She took in almost half of my shaft each time down as she sucked me gently.

Sally must have known from experience how turned on men get by the idea of a woman with an insatiable appetite for cocksucking. If she had done any serious sucking on me at that point, I would have popped in her mouth in no time flat. For women out there who think giving head has to do with your physical technique, take note. Sally could have gotten me off with almost no effort because I was so wound up by the mental part of the blow job. And it's not like I hardly ever get my cock sucked either.

Anyway, Sally knew if she wanted to savor the feel of a hard cock in her mouth, she had best not go at it too intensely. She ran her mouth slowly up and down my swollen shaft, pausing frequently to lick my head and balls. Her eyes were closed and she was sighing softly as her mouth and tongue explored and tasted me. She held my shaft firmly in one hand while her other hand gripped my thigh. I could feel her nails digging into my leg every time she took my shaft deep. 

I could feel my loins tightening, even under her gentle sucking. I started thinking about anything but sex to keep myself from losing control, but I knew I wouldn't be able to hold out very long. Sally certainly sensed it too and stopped sucking me for a moment. Her hand left my thigh and slid up under her short skirt.

Sally knelt there, fingering herself with one hand, holding my straining erection with the other. I didn't know if this was supposed to give me time to catch my breath so I didn't cum too quickly. If it was, it wasn't working. I took several deep breaths and willed myself back under control, which I don't know that I really did manage to do.

I watched as Sally threw her head back and moaned, her fingers busy under her skirt. Suddenly, she brought her head forward and took me back into her mouth. This time she came down as far as she could and I could feel my cock pressing against the back of her throat. She held herself there for a moment before backing off and bringing herself all the way down again. I love a woman who can take a cock to the back of her throat like that, but I really didn't need the added stimulation at that point.

It didn't matter though. Sally started bobbing fast and deep, pounding me against her tonsils almost every time. I wish I could say that I had enough self-control that I could have let her suck me deep like that for a long time, but that wasn't the case. In less than five minutes I felt my orgasm building to the point where there was no holding it back.

I watched her head full of curls bobbing on my cock as my muscles all clenched and I erupted with a hoarse cry. Sally continued sucking, although not as far down, as I emptied my balls into her mouth. I remembered her asking me if I shot big loads and, as the second and third gobs surged out of me, I had to wonder if she thought it was a lot. Sally sucked, stroked and squeezed me, greedily milking every drop from me and causing all kinds of shudders to run through my body. 

When she finally released me, she sat back on her heels, her hair falling in her face. I realized that her hand was still working furiously under her skirt. She lifted her head as she moaned in orgasm and I could see my cum still in her mouth. Sally's body shook as she brought herself to climax with her fingers. Then she looked up into my eyes and swallowed the cum in her mouth.

"I hate when it's over," Sally said, not necessarily to me. "I love to be on my knees." Even as she said it, she got to her feet. I could smell her pussy, it was so strong. I offered her a drink, but she shook her head.

"No way. I want it to last until I get to the next guy's house."

"You really like the taste of cum?" I asked.

"Not really. It's not the taste," Sally said almost absently as she retrieved her jacket. "It's the way cum makes my mouth tingle. That reminds me of having a cock in my mouth, cumming in my mouth and that makes me wet. Kind of a chain reaction." She shrugged, put on her coat and headed toward the door. "I won't even brush my teeth tonight," she said as she left.

I give Sally at a nine point five. Now I know people are going to think I'm nuts. I mean, what could she have done better, right? Sally was a gorgeous woman who was dressed just the way I like in a skirt and high heels. She sucked my cock on her knees, pushing my cock against the back of her throat. She not only swallowed my load, she masturbated with it in her mouth then looked me in the eyes as she gulped it down. How could any woman do any better than that?

Well, here's how I see it. I've gotten a few tens here and there. Cheri and Connie come to mind right away. Those women not only gave excellent head, they were giving it specifically to me. They got on their knees with the intention of satisfying me to the best of their ability. It was a totally different thing with Sally. She didn't care who I was as long as I had a hard, circumcised cock to stick in her mouth. I was more of a protein dispenser than a man she wanted to please. And she left my place to suck off another guy or two. I can't give Sally the same score as Cheri or Connie without disrespecting the special intimacy of the cocksucking those women gave me.

I did email Sally again after that, hoping to get her to talk more about her love of cocksucking and ask her more questions. But she pretty much brushed me off. She did say that she might drop me a line the next time her husband was out of town. But the way she said it made me think that she would be looking for fresh meat first. If she couldn't find enough new guys to blow, she might include me in her next round of cocksucking. I sent her an equally bland reply and never heard from her again.

In a way, Sally is an excellent, if extreme example of what's wrong with looking for new journal entries through internet dating. It's easy to find women who want to get together and have fun, but I never really get to know them nor do they get to know me. We can have a good time, enjoy each other's company and have some good and satisfying sex. But it's never the same as being with someone you already know well. That's particularly true of blow jobs. Not that I'm complaining about the women I've met on the internet. It's just that I usually don't feel like they're getting on their knees just for me. How could they, when they barely know me?

Also, there's a lot to be said for fantasizing about getting sucked off by women I see every day and then having it actually happen. It's definitely more exciting to get a blow job from a woman I've already gotten to know in a non-sexual context. No offense to the women I've met on the internet, but I'd rather get head from a woman I see every day than one I just met. Imagine if Sally had been someone that I talked to every day and then one day found I out about her insatiable appetite for sucking cock. That would have been a thousand times hotter than meeting her over the internet. I would have had to score her an eleven or twelve!

Anyway, let's move on to Kitty. She's another internet acquaintance that I hooked up with. I'm including her in this little blow job collage because she did something a little different, even though it wasn't what I thought it was going to be.

After a couple of dates, Kitty invited me back to her condo. Actually, she invited me to spend the night with her, so I pretty much knew I was going to get laid. Naturally, I was also looking to add to my collection as well.

Somewhere in one of our conversations the subject of blow jobs came up. I made some silly comment along the lines of I had given up on trying to get blow jobs because most women these days don't take the time to do it right. Kitty gave me a skeptical look and laughed, but didn't really say any more about it.

Obviously, I had only said it to get her to talk about her own cocksucking skills, but she didn't take the bait. It wasn't until I got to her place the night she invited me to stay over that she brought it up.

"You know," Kitty said after we had been making out on the sofa for a good half hour, "it's a shame you don't like to get blow jobs." She reached down and squeezed my erect cock through my pants.

"Yeah," I breathed, "Too bad, huh? If only there were women out there who knew what they were doing."

"Well, you know," she said, still rubbing my erection, "I've been thinking about that and I have to tell you, I've never had any complaints."

"Really?" I asked, pretty sure where she was going, and certainly liking the direction.

"Not that it's a lost art or something," Kitty said with a smirk. "You guys are pretty easy to figure out."

"Let me see if I understand," I said, scratching my head as if I were really thinking it over. "You're telling me that you actually know how to do it right?" 

"Uh huh," she laughed. "It's not that hard!" She laughed again, "Well, if I do it right, it'll be nice and hard!"

"Am I supposed to take your word for it?" I asked and we both laughed a little. Kitty stood up and gestured toward her bedroom.

"Come on," she said. "I'll let you decided for yourself."

Kitty's bedroom was dimly lit and she didn't turn on any additional lights as she led me in. Instead, she told me to get comfortable on the bed as she lit a bunch of candles around the room. I kicked off my shoes and laid down on the bed, watching her. When she was done, she crawled up to me from the bottom of the bed, running her hands along my leg as she did.

She smiled but didn't talk as she undid my pants and pulled them off. I laid there with my hands behind my head, my semi-erect cock lying across my stomach, as Kitty ran her hands up the insides of my thighs. She cupped my balls, gently massaging them with her thumbs. Then she leaned forward and ran her tongue up the underside of my shaft, giving the head a quick suck before reaching across me to her nightstand.
