 I said before that I usually am not particularly interested in getting repeat performances. There are a couple reasons. First, I'm out to get as many women as I can to blow me, so getting more than one blow job from the same woman doesn't really further my cause. Second, I've found that a woman is most attentive to my cock the first time she gives me head. I guess the first time they suck a guy, they pull out all the stops to impress him. After that, they aren't going all out or the blow job becomes a prelude to intercourse. 

Not that I see anything wrong with a good sucking before a good fucking. I love to start in a woman's mouth and finish between her legs, but that's not what this journal is about. I've gotten more than one blow job from and had sex with many of the women in this journal. But like I said, the point of this journal is to record my collection, so I'm not including that stuff.

Back to my point: The best blow job a woman is likely to give you is the first one she gives you. Or, maybe I should say, the best effort she will give you will be the first time. I realize that the better a woman gets to know your likes and dislikes, the better she'll be able to please you. But that first time out, she doesn't know exactly what you like, so she has to go all out and try everything she knows how to do. 

It seems to me that what guys like doesn't vary too much, because, from what I've seen, a woman who has sucked a lot of different cocks tends to give a much better first blow job than a woman with less experience. I assume that's because the more experienced cock sucker has found something that works for most of the men she's blown. A woman with fewer notches on her belt is still experimenting and will try things that may or may not be pleasing to the average guy.

Where am I going with all of this? Well, I have an entry that includes a repeat performer. If that was all there was to it, I wouldn't have put her in here again. But I don't want to give too much away, especially since there may be a third entry that includes her, if I manage to pull off what I'm working on.

Way back in my third journal entry I wrote about a woman named Eileen. She was the married neighbor of one of my friends, in her mid-to-late forties and relatively inexperienced at giving head. She had come to me, in fact, not to give me head but for me to please her (which I did). Afterward, she returned the favor by going down on me. Looking back, I think giving her an eight was rather generous, as she really didn't give a very good blow job. It was more the heat of the moment than good cock sucking on her part that led me to score her that high.

At any rate, I wouldn't be mentioning her now if she hadn't sucked my cock again. It came about several months after the first encounter I had with her. It was probably the third or fourth time house sitting since that night. I had seen Eileen out in her garden during the other times I was house sitting and she always said hi. There was nothing in her words or actions that indicated that anything had been between us, which I thought was the best way for things to be handled.

Anyway, when I house sat that third or fourth time, I expected things to be pretty much the same. So I was a little surprised when Eileen actually came over to talk with me as I came by walking my buddy's dog, AJ. At first it was just "Hi, how are you?" type small talk. Then, out of nowhere, she asked if I would be alone tonight.

"I need to ask you something, but not here," Eileen explained. "Would it be possible for me to stop over later?" I had nothing lined up for that night, so I told her that would be fine.

I spent the rest of the day wondering what Eileen wanted to talk about. Part of me was thinking that she was looking for a repeat of our night together, which, I admit, was better than anything I had planned. But somehow I didn't think it would be quite like that. I assumed that it might have to do with our encounter, but I expected it would have more to do with making sure we agreed on an alibi.

When Eileen arrived, she was dressed casually, not in a skimpy sun dress as she had been that night. She did accept when I offered her a glass of wine though. Handing her the glass, I escorted her to the living room where we took seats facing each other. We didn't talk much and I could see she was nervous. Not nervous the way she had been the last time she had been here, but certainly not relaxed either.

"Listen," Eileen finally blurted out. "I need to ask something and I don't really know how to word it without making myself ridiculously self-conscious." She looked up at me briefly, then back at the glass of wine in her hand.

"You can ask me anything," I said, hoping that I wasn't going to regret it. I had no idea what she was going to ask.

"Well," she began, and then paused for a moment. I could see very clearly that she changed her mind as to what she was going to say at the last instant. "Let's just say I'm not the only woman in the neighborhood who's husband isn't paying attention to her needs." Eileen settled back into a more comfortable position on the couch, crossed her legs and took a sip of wine. Apparently, she had figured out an easier, if less direct, way to say what was on her mind.

"I was talking with this other wife the other day," Eileen continued slowly, not looking at me. "And she told me that she cheats on her husband and doesn't feel the slightest bit guilty. She said why should she, when he's the one who drove her to it." Another small sip of wine. "I know that's not right, but I don't know that I care what's right anymore." She paused and looked up at me briefly. I wasn't sure if she expected me to say anything, not that I knew what I should say.

"Anyway, there's a guy who's shown some interest in me over the several months or so and I've always been nice but told him I wasn't interested." She paused again, searching for the right words. "Well, it isn't that I'm not interested. It's just that..." Eileen held up her hand to show her wedding band. "You know?" I nodded. "So anyway, this other wife and I are having a little confession session over a couple glasses of wine one night. And she's telling me about how much fun she's having and how alive it makes her feel and basically how it fills in all the pieces that are missing from her marriage. And I got to thinking that my life isn't that different. I don't want to leave my husband or start over or anything. But I'm missing something that he's supposed to be giving me. I guess," Eileen said after a brief pause, "I'm starting to think what she's doing makes a lot of sense." She stopped and looked up at me, perhaps waiting for me to acknowledge she was right.

"You're only human," I said to her. "You can't expect to deny yourself what you need indefinitely." I wondered if she thought I was just telling her what she wanted to hear in hopes of getting with her again. Eileen nodded absently, not really paying attention to my words.

"So I start thinking that maybe I give this guy a chance." Eileen paused, thinking, then shrugged and continued. "We just met for drinks and we had a really nice time. And," she said, looking a little sheepish, "we made out in the car a little bit too." She smiled and shrugged again. "He asked me to go back to his place, and part of me wanted to. But I just wasn't ready, you know?" I nodded, curious as to why she was telling me all of this.

"So another night at Pa... uh, the other wife's house and a few more glasses of wine, and, well..." Eileen had a strange look on her face and I couldn't figure out where she was going with all of this. "Well," she took a deep breath. "I told her not only about the guy, but..." she hesitated. "About you and me as well," she blurted out.

I raised my eyebrows in surprise. I wasn't particularly concerned, but I thought it was a bit careless of Eileen to be telling people about her extramarital activities. She hurriedly explained.

"I don't mean I just came right and told her. There's more to it. But nothing bad," Eileen added quickly. That last bit was to reassure me, I suppose. Naturally, I don't want to get caught in a messy situation, nor would I want anyone else to get into one on my account (I know--so keep it in my pants, right?), so I'd be lying if I said I wasn't a little relieved. 

"But I was telling her," Eileen continued, "about the guy and the offer to go back to his place. I told her that I didn't think I was ready to, you know, sleep with anyone other than my husband and all that. Well, that's when she starts about 'other things' I could do until I was ready." Eileen held up her wine glass. "Could you freshen this for me, please?"

I brought her another glass and she took a sip before continuing.

"Well, when she started talking about those other things," Eileen went on, "I guess she could tell I was getting kind of uncomfortable. So she asked me if I did that stuff." A little bit of color had come to Eileen's cheeks and she was no longer looking in my direction. "Well, I told her that I had done it before but..." Eileen trailed off, took another sip of her wine and gathered herself to continue. 

She was clearly finding it difficult to talk about it, and I still couldn't figure out why she was putting herself through all this to tell me. I waited patiently, wishing there was some way I could make it easier for her.

"Anyway, once I said that, she started asking lots of questions and eventually I... well, I told her about, you know." Eileen glanced up at me and shrugged.

"And you're worried she'll say something?" I asked.

"Oh, no! Nothing like that," Eileen said quickly. "Not at all." She took a sip of wine and looked up at me. I guess the look on my face was one of confusion. "So, why am I telling you all this, right?" She smiled slightly, the nervousness she had shown earlier was creeping back into her words and gestures.

"Yeah," I said, nodding. "I was wondering that." I said it casually and with a smile, so she wouldn't think I was getting impatient. I wasn't. But I was getting very curious.

"Let's just say that I've been coming around to this other wife's way of thinking. Not all the way, but I'm thinking more and more about the things she says and I'm starting to think I agree with her." Eileen shifted on the sofa, trying unsuccessfully to make herself more comfortable. She sighed and settled back. "So I'm thinking I might want to do some of those other things with this guy and..." Again Eileen faltered.

"I just don't know if I'm any good at it," she finally managed to get out. Now I realized why she was here. My first reaction was to reassure her that she had done just fine and that her willingness to please was the most important part. Before I could say so, Eileen cut me off.

"This is all Paul... uh, the other wife's fault," she said, suddenly standing up. "I would never have thought about any of this on my own!"

"Don't worry," I said, standing up and putting a hand on her shoulder. "If this guy is a nice guy, then you don't have anything to worry about. And if he's not," I shrugged, "you probably shouldn't waste your time."

Eileen wasn't consoled with my words. She shook her head and sat down again.

"I know that," she said, looking up at me. "And I know I'm being juvenile worrying about it. But now that I've started thinking about it, I can't stop." A change came over her as she said that. It seemed to me that once she had gotten it off her chest, she was more relaxed about it. She smiled slightly.

"So?" she asked. I raised my eyebrows, not sure I understood her question. 

"Was I any good?"

"Yes, of course you were," I assured her. "I didn't fake my orgasm!" I said and we both laughed, a bit too much perhaps.

"Yes, I know," Eileen said as the laughter faded. "But I never did that much and, well, I just..." She stopped, collected her thoughts and started again. "You're the only other man other than my husband that I've done that for. And he and I, well, it was so long ago. Now there's another man that I might, you know, be willing to... And I can't help worrying that I'll... that he... well, I just want to make sure he... That it's something special." she finally finished.

"So you want me to tell you how you did?" She nodded. "In general or specifically?" I shouldn't have asked the second question. How could I have a frank discussion with Eileen when she probably never said the word blow job to a man in her life?

"Specifics," she said quietly. "I need to know." Her eyes were on the floor again.

"I don't know how specific I can be," I told her honestly. "When it's difficult for you to talk about this at all. Not to mention it was several months ago." As I said it, I realized that she might think I was just saying that in hopes of getting her to blow me again. In reality that wasn't what I had in mind at all, but that's how it wound up working out. I guess it was just dumb luck on my part. Or Eileen had been thinking that way all along. Either way works for me.

"So if I want your honest opinion, I either have to be able to talk about it, or...?" Eileen asked, looking up at me.

"Or?" I asked, knowing what she would say.

"Do it again." She tried to look into my eyes, but couldn't.

"I'm sure I could give you some pointers," I offered. "When did you, uh, want to...?" I found it amusing to find myself talking in vague terms and unfinished sentences just like Eileen.

"When would you be available?" She was trying to sound matter-of-fact, but I heard a slight quiver in her voice. Nervous? Or excited? Perhaps a little of both?

"Well, ordinarily I'd have you call my social secretary and schedule an appointment, but..." I winked at her and she smiled. "Maybe I can squeeze you in at your earliest convenience."

One of the problems with talking in coy language like that is that neither person quite knows when to stop talking and get down to it. I figured Eileen could drag this out for another half hour if I left it up to her. So I stood up and put my hand on my belt. I raised my eyebrows, wordlessly asking if she was ready. She looked up at me with an _expression of uncertainty, but I pretty much knew by that point that she wasn't going home before she tasted my cock again. I unbuckled my belt and undid my pants. By the time I was pulling them down, she was sitting on the edge of the couch leaning toward me.

My cock was just starting to harden as I pulled it out for her. Eileen looked at it, then up at me. I think she wasn't sure if she should start or wait for me to get fully erect first.

"Go on," I encouraged her softly. Eileen took my half-erect cock in her hand and pulled it toward her mouth. As I expected, she started, as she had the previous time, by kissing my member. They weren't particularly sexy kisses either. More of dry little pecks here and there. I stepped back.

"If you don't want to do this..." I began.

"Wh... uh, what do you mean?"

"Well, your kisses," I said, trying not to sound critical. "They're kind of, well, polite. Like you'd give a friend, not a lover." Eileen looked at my still only partially erect cock in her hand and nodded slowly. "This should be a very passionate act," I continued. "If you don't feel that way about it, I don't know how much I can help you."

She sat there a moment longer, just looking at what she held in her hand. I wasn't sure what she was thinking or what she would do. I didn't think she would just stop, but I have to admit, I wasn't really sure.

"Passionate, huh?" Eileen asked softly after a few moments. Without waiting for an answer, she began running her tongue over me, up and down my hardening shaft, over my head and even my balls. She moved quickly and energetically with her tongue, but I wouldn't call it passionate or sensual. I hesitated only a moment before pulling away from her again.

"Stand up," I said to her. She complied, but I could see the question forming on her lips. "Shhh," I said as I pulled her body firmly against mine. I bent my head down and covered her mouth with my own, planting a deep, wet kiss on her lips. I felt her arms go around me as her lips parted and she kissed me back. Our tongues were slipping in and out of each other's mouths as we pulled our bodies closer together. My hard cock was pressed against her as we continued to exchange steamy kisses. 

Our hands began exploring each other's bodies as well. Eileen moaned softly as my hand caressed her breast. Her own hand found its way back to my throbbing member and she squeezed it as her tongue darted in and out of my mouth. After a few minutes of this, I broke our embrace.

"Now try," I said. Eileen started to sit back on the sofa, but I stopped her. "It's better if you're on your knees," I told her. Without hesitating, she got down on her knees and took my cock in her hand. This time she wasn't tentative or trying too hard.

Eileen planted a wet, open-lipped kiss on the head of my cock, slipping her tongue out under my shaft and running it along my vein. She twisted her head back and forth a few times, letting her lips drag across the sensitive skin there. The same sensuality I had unlocked with our kisses Eileen now brought to her cock sucking. She bobbed about half way down my shaft three or four times before pulling me out of her mouth to kiss and lick me some more. Then I was back in her mouth as she took my rod in another half dozen times.

Eileen sat back on her heels, letting my shaft, glistening with her saliva, slip from her mouth. She took a deep breath and looked up at me.

"I, uh..." she opened her eyes wide, arching her eyebrows. "That's not what I thought it would be like." I wasn't sure what she meant, but she went on before I could ask. "I didn't expect to get, you know..." Eileen shrugged. "From doing that." She was trying to tell me she was getting turned on from giving me head. That made my cock throb. There's nothing better than a woman enjoying sucking a cock like that.

"I told you it was a passionate act," I said to her. "Passion goes both ways." I took my shaft in hand and offered it to her, holding it just a few inches from her face. She quickly accepted, her lips parting as she bent her head down over me again.

Eileen bobbed slowly up and down a few more times, her eyes closed, the pleasure still very visible on her face. She paused with half my cock in her mouth and just knelt there, not moving for a long moment.

"Mmmmmm..." she breathed as she dragged her lips up my rigid shaft. "I never realized," she said and sucked me back into her mouth. She bobbed a few more times, twisting her head and running her tongue around on me as she did. I encouraged her with moans when what she did felt good and she seemed to take her cue from that. Eileen was still a little clumsy in her technique, but she was showing genuine enthusiasm in her efforts.

The first time Eileen had given me head, I think she was motivated more by a desire to please me in return for pleasing her. And that's fine in my book. This time though, she seemed to be relishing the experience, truly enjoying the feel and taste of a hard cock in her mouth. Where before Eileen was only interested in doing what it took to make me cum, this time she seemed to be less concerned with my orgasm and more so with getting pleasure from the act. Again, that's fine and dandy with me too. I want a woman to enjoy what she's doing, especially if it feels good.

And what Eileen was doing generally felt good. Like I said, she was a little awkward in how she sucked me, but overall I thought she was giving a much better blow job than last time. 

The first time she hadn't been that into it and I had to keep encouraging her to keep her from slowing down and stopping. I also felt like I had to cum quickly to keep her from getting discouraged or running out of steam. This time around I was still offering plenty of encouragement, but I had no plans to cum in a hurry. If she was getting into sucking my cock, I'd let her take her time and enjoy it.
