 College had begun and I was back for my sophomore year. Spending my freshman year engaged to my high school sweetheart meant that I got regular sex, but no variety. When I found her fucking her old high school boyfriend during the summer I vowed that I would screw every woman I wanted this year.

It was the first week which meant that every afternoon we played football on the lawn in front of the library - rain or shine. Shorts and tees only, we even had a little sign that we set up on the sidewalk. But anyone could play; in fact, we wanted more women to join us.

I met Beth during the Tuesday game. It was almost dark when she walked down the library steps, yanked her sweatshirt over her head and pulled off her jogging pants to show a nice round body that was hidden underneath. She complained that the library was cold, her nipples were certainly hard, but joined right in on my team. 

We were playing defense and she was defending this female basketball player that was giving us trouble - we were playing female on female defender so she was running the other girls silly. Beth volunteered and played her like a NFL corner. She bumped her at the line and then ran hard with her all the way down the field. She always found a way to knock her off stride. The game came our way but we had a long way to go so we played until it was almost too dark to see. We finally scored the winning touchdown and everybody called it quits.

There was a little outdoor coffee / soda stand just off the edge of campus by the library where we all went to grab a beer or a drink before we headed off. I had parked my truck (my red Toyota 4x4 pickup) there rather than park in my designated loot across campus and walk over. Beth saw me throw my sweatshirt in the cab and asked if she could do the same. 

We all drank for a while, and then we talked, and then walked over the truck together. She had a nice round face, blue eyes, dark blond hair and a rounded body with some great tits. Everyone else had gone, it was dark, and I was thinking I had a Chem lab write-up due the next day as we walked to the truck. My 9-inch cock was hard inside my shorts and I caught her watching me as I was watching her.

We leaned against the truck bed and chatted some more. As it cooled, I watched her nipples harden under her tee shirt. My cock was throbbing when she turned and leaned across me, her nipples against my chest, and her hands on the bed liner. "You know," she giggled, "I once did it with my boyfriend leaning up against his pickup while my mother was inside the house."

I moved around behind her and gasped as I felt her hand slide between her legs and grab at my thick cock. She smiled over her shoulder in the dim light, "I'm already wet....just slide my shorts aside."

I reached down and did just that. Her shorts slid to the side, her panties already wet and tangled were next, and within two minutes the flared head of my cock was against her shaved skin. "Ooh yeah, come inside me" I heard her murmur. 

Her back arched and her hair flew back as I thrust deep within her, my 9-inch cock filling her tight, wet pussy. I held one hip and the side of the truck as I began a regular rhythm. I felt her give and heard her cry out, "Cumming! Cumming! Oh shit, Cumming!" as I fucked her hard. Then her body writhed and her hair began to fly from side to side. "Oh shit, oh yes, shit, yes, damn, fuck!"

Her pussy tightened around my cock and felt her cum again. I reach for a nipple and her hand was already there, twisting her hard nipples as she came. She directed my fingers, moaning louder, then slid her hand down to play with my balls as her second orgasm wound down. She looked over her shoulder and began to arch and ride against me, increasing my stimulation, "Give it to me baby," I heard her say.

She turned around, sliding me out of her pussy and into her hand, and then sliding me into her warm mouth. I didn't last but a stroke or two before I grunted, "I'm going to cum." She pulled me out and told me "In my mouth guy."

I came hard, 4 or 5 ropes of hot cum spurting into her warm mouth, driblets running down her cheeks. She swallowed, licked her kips, stood up and arranged her short and gave me a kiss on the cheeks. "Just what I needed!" as she grabbed her sweats and walked off.