 My marriage was a lost cause and I needed help. Luck was on my side for a change as a co-worker had transferred to an outstation and needed someone to look after his house, he did not want to sell it and did not feel comfortable renting it to just anyone being that he could not be there to tend to it. So we made the arrangement for me to rent it at a very good rate. 

It was really nice two story three bedroom two bath house with a hot tube just off the deck as well as a pool of which was all fenced in even though it was in a rural setting. 

It worked out very well for me by easing the burden of the divorce off my back, I had freedom and a very nice place to live and it was better then living in the apartment I had shared with my wife for five years. But that's not why we are here!

While I lived in my buddy's house I took care of all the upkeep and any repairs that came along with owning a house, and being he cut me such a good deal on rent I never asked for a penny from him for the work I did or supplies I used. It was a sweet deal we had going. 

As far as my personal life I kept to myself while the divorce was ongoing, I enjoyed the home life. Aside from work I spent my time just doing things around the house. I kept things clean, planted a garden, cooked, and tended the pool and hot tub. 

Cooking became a passion for me, so much so I would take extra food to work to share with the guys, use them as taste testers as it were. So I had to shop for food. I was a thrifty shopper using my coupons and sale ads, hell I had to with what was left of my paycheck from the ex.'s cut. Guys always get the short end in a divorce. 

Shopping at the local chain grocery store was a routine for me, I knew what was in every isle and always made my list to make my shopping most efficient, In honest I hated to shop, it was not til I changed my schedule that I got into it. I decided to do my shopping late after work on my last night. I work nights and even thought my last night was on a Thursday it just seemed to work. 

Several months had passed and things were going well for me. However I had a strange feeling every time I went shopping, like someone was watching me. Was I being paranoid from the divorce or just going crazy? 

The next week was when I noticed this woman that I saw almost every other time in the store, was it coincidence or fate? She slipped away off to check out before I could talk to her. I finished my shopping and then check out also.

On the drive home I could not get her out of my mind, I remembered seeing her so many times. It was the hair color that threw me off, she either dyed her hair every week or had a wig. I began to put the puzzle together, so I thought. 

During the following week that I went shopping I took time to look for her to no avail, I did not see her. I began to think I was imagining all of it from the stress and lack of sex. I even talked to my friends about it and they agreed I needed to get laid soon. The guys even went as far as to take me out for a night on the town. 

We partied hard and had a great time and even got some girls to pop their tits out and rub them in my face, but they were just having fun also and looking for guys to buy them drinks They were not looking for a hook-up. As the night worn on the guys decided to call it a night and went their separate ways, I was the lucky one to have a wingman to drive for me. As we drove toward my place we saw a small bar tucked in the corner of a strip mall, neither one of us knew it was there before, so we dropped in for one more beer. 

After we got a beer and a shot for me was when we really took a look around the bar and we realized it was a gay bar. Guys were with guys and girls were with girls. The look on our faces was a red flag and gave us away.

It was then a girl approached me saying point blank. "You did not know this was a gay bar, did you!"

"No." I replied. 

"I am Patty and if you want to have some fun I can help you, if you're interested."

Patty and I talked and drank til the bar closed. I learned that Patty was bi-sexual and she had three lesbian girlfriends at the bar that loved to party, so I invited them to my place for the night to play in the pool and hot tub. 

Patty told my wingman she would take very good care of me then gave him such a deep kiss that it made him blush. I gave the "ok" and he left. As we dove to my place I told Patty I did not have anything to drink at my place. She giggled as she told me that the girls had it covered. 

Patty and I had not been at my place for two minutes before the girls pulled in. Patty went to greet them, as I went to the bathroom, (I had to piss). When I returned all of the girls were in the kitchen with beers and shots set up for all of us, Patty introduced me to all of the girls. They were all very hot and I just could not believe they were lesbian's not that I minded at that point. 

After downing the shots and washing them down with beer I asked Patty if we would like to take the party to the patio, maybe go for a swim or dip in the hot tub. The girls liked that idea, I quickly grabbed the cooler from the garage filling it with what ice I had then added the beer they brought before joining the girls on the patio. They had poured another round of shots for us all and had them waiting on the table. We downed the shots then I saw the three girls group together for a three-way tongue fest as Patty did the same with me, it was so hot to watch, my cock began to grow in my pants. 

Patty saw this then stroked my cock through my pants as she whispered in my ear, "you haven't seen anything yet!"

Patty walked to join the girls in their fun as I stood there with my mouth gaped open and cock making a tent in my pants. Patty soon walked back to me telling me the girls were going for a swim. I had already turned the pool lights on and just nodded as if giving approval. 

The girls began to strip each others clothes off knowing they were teasing me so much, I think that was Patty's plan. They were soon naked as they ran to the pool, tits and ass bouncing with every step. 

Patty look at me then said, "I think we need to do something about this," as she slid my shorts to the ground letting my cock spring free. 

She stripped her clothes off quickly before setting me down in a chair then tossing a towel on the deck she knelt down to suck my cock. She was a great cocksucker and even though I had been drinking all night it did not take her long to bust my nut deep in her throat, she took it all swallowing it down as she grinned as if please with her work. She then stood up and ran to the pool and dove in to join the girls. 

Balls aching from such a hard cum I sank into the hot tub to relax. It was not long that Patty joined me which was very nice, then the other girls joined us also and they brought more shots and that was nice also.

Three hot lesbian's, a hot bi-sexual woman with me in my hot tub, what a boost for my ego!

We partied till sunup before going to bed, Patty and I took my room and the other three took the spare bedroom. It was a great night! Come morning the three girls were gone. Patty and I spent the day together as we fucked all afternoon. It was a great weekend!

A few weeks went by with nothing new going on, aside from that I had to work late one night which meant I could leave an hour early on any night as long as it was in the same pay period, so I left work one hour earlier on the next Thursday of my shift.

I held to my routine with going shopping after work on that Thursday. I did not even think of running into her being I was there early. The store seemed to have more customers then what I was used to but I worked around them getting the goods I needed. 

I rounded the end of one aisle without looking colliding with another shopper's cart. Before I looked up I said, "I'm sorry." It was just a polite reaction on my part. 

As I looked up I saw that it was the woman I had seen so many times before, my face turned red. 

"It's quite alright these things happen." She said. 

"I have seen you in here before I believe." I said while trying to make small talk. She looked at me with a raised eyebrow as if waiting for more. "It's just seems that you have had a different hair color and style each time I saw you."

"Your very observant and pay attention to details I see." She said.

"To be honest, I am not, or I would have checked out what was in your cart each time to know what to fix for our dinner tomorrow night." I said with a smile.

"Pretty sure of yourself are you?" She replied.

I could not let up I could feel a flirtatious vibe from her that urged me on saying, 

"How's eight-thirty sound at my place?" I asked her. 

I wrote down my address and cell number handing it to her before she replied.

Being coy she said, "What if I say no?" 

"Then you will miss out on a great meal and pleasant company." I replied.

I turned my cart to get on with my shopping as she said, "I will let you know." 

"That's fair enough." I replied, and went on with my shopping. 

I continued to do my shopping thinking I would see her again through the aisles but I never did, it was then I felt I blew my chance. I stopped in the wine area looking for something smooth, even though I was not a big wine drinker however I did like to keep some on hand for cooking and quests, when and if I had them.

I was just about done shopping when I got a text from an unknown number, it was her, she asked, "Don't you even want to know my name?"

I had a large grin on my face thinking I had her, I replied, "I figured you would tell me when you were ready, I am Mike."

"8:30 will work well for me, what do you want me to bring?" she texted.

I did not know if I should push the limit at this point, but the little devil on my left shoulder won out. I replied to her text with, "Your appetite and overnight bag. I have a pool and hot tub. What do you like to drink?"

"OK." Was the only thing I got back from her text.

I was unsure about her last text but went ahead with planning dinner getting what I felt would be a great dinner. 

On Friday I had so much to do, I made sure the house and bathrooms were clean as well as the back yard. I tried to make a comfortable setting outback by placing tiki torches around the deck and hot tub I even laid out towels close to the hot tub.

Now it was time to cook, I put some chicken breasts on the grill that I had prepared earlier for the salad. When they were done I sliced them thin to add to the first course of the meal. I prepped all of the other foods placing them in the fridge to be ready for her arrival. 

As the hour approached I showered then dressed going with the casual theme of Khakis, and a loose Tee. I picked some music to play going with a luau theme and Jimmy Buffet mix. 

She arrived right on time of which surprised me, I really felt she would be late or even a no show. I went to welcome her as she through me a curve when she spoke.

"Can I put my car in your garage?" She asked. 

"Sure!" I replied. I was puzzled with that and she never even said hello or anything. She seemed very rushed to do so but I did not question it.

I opened the garage door to let her pull in, instead she backed in. I thought it was very odd. Was she setting up for a fast get away or what? 

She then popped the trunk and brought out two grocery bags handing them to me as she asked, "Will you take you take these inside please?"

I nodded and took the bags into the kitchen. I could not help to notice that there were four bottles of wine as well as some fine steaks in the bags with other items. She soon followed me into the kitchen before she tossed a bag off to the side thinking I did not see, but I did.

She then walked into the kitchen, placed her hands on the edge of the counter and sighed. 

Puzzled, I asked, "Are you okay, do you need a drink?" 

She took a moment to reply then said "Yes, a drink would be nice right about now." 

"What would you like?" I said then added, "I have just about everything." 

"Scotch neat and a beer." She said.

I poured her a double shot of my good scotch before getting us both a beer. She downed the shot then washed it back with half of her beer. 

I gave her a moment before I pointed to the bags as I asked, "So should we unpack these?" 

She perked up and said, "I thought I would bring a few things to help with dinner."

I made light of it saying, "Would the lady like to see our menu for tonight?" She fell right into the role play saying, "Why yes, I would love to see the menu, thank you."

I was screwed I did not have a menu to give her not even a note or grocery list to pass off, I had to think quickly. I fumbled around the kitchen as if looking for a menu, she watched me with a puzzled look. I finally let out a loud sigh in disgust before saying, "I am going to fire my Martie d' he should have had the new menu posted." 

She smiled for the first time since she arrived. I did my best to come up with a silly accent as I told her what was on the menu. 

"For starters we have a spinach garden salad topped with thin slices of spiced grilled chicken and the house special red vinaigrette dressing followed by grilled salmon with a pineapple orange glaze served with garlic mashed red skin potatoes." 

With a raise of her eyebrow and a smile on her face she said, "The menu sounds great, but as far as your accent I hate to tell you it sucks!" We both broke out laughing. 

"Would you like wine with dinner?" I asked.

That was when she realized we had not unpacked the bags of food she had brought. We quickly put the items away, as well as the wine she had brought. Being that I had chilled wine ready to go we did not need hers. After storing the food she poured two glasses of wine as I started the grill for our dinner.

She seemed to relax while I grilled and prepared dinner as we chatted the whole time. Dinner turned out great and she was impressed with my cooking skills. After dinner she helped with the clean up as we opened another bottle of wine. As we finished the clean up in the kitchen she said something that caught me off guard at first. "You make me feel very safe." She said as she emptied her glass.

Not knowing just how to take it I replied "Thank you, I am happy you feel that way." 

I refilled our wine glasses before we stepped outside to the deck. The air had cooled off enough to make it very comfortable and the slight breeze made it even better. We sat on the deck drinking wine as we chatted while we enjoyed the evening air. 

After chilling on the deck for a while I asked "Would you like to take a dip in the pool or hot tub?" 

She looked at me with an evil grin saying "That sounds very good to me, but I did not bring a bikini." 

With that she stood up and slowly danced around the deck to the music that was playing. I quickly clicked the remote turning the outdoor speakers up to add to the moment it worked well. She began to get into the music rubbing her hands all over her body. I watched as she swayed in the moonlight as if doing an erotic dance as she slowly peeled her clothes off and tossed them at me. I was stunned by her boldness at first as well as aroused my cock rose to prove it. She had a tight body with ample breast's and firm looking ass.

She danced around the deck in her panties and bra before approaching me, then said "It's your turn to strip for me." 

She took me by the hand as she pulled me to my feet then backed off expecting a show. I honestly did not know what to do, so I stripped for her, granted it was more of a comic routine of which made her laugh but it worked and now I was down to my boxers. My cock had settled down to a respectable position as it was.

She walked up close to me facing me inches away I could feel the heat from her body on mine. She asked, "Pool or tub?" 

The heat from her body was intense. I said "I think a dip in the hot tub would be very relaxing while we sip some wine."

"That's sounds nice, will you get us another bottle please?" she asked a she kissed me on the cheek. 

I stepped inside to get the wine as well as to select more music before I returned to the deck. I did not see her anywhere. The pool was calm and the hot tub bubbled away, as I neared the tub she popped up from under the foamy bubbles I could see she was still wearing her bra, it was see through at his point and her nipples poked out hard and large against the lace. "HI!" she said, "This feels so good, hop in." 

I slipped into the water letting it take control of me, the warmth and bubbles relaxed me to the point of euphoria. Or so I thought!

I soon felt her hand on my thigh gently gliding along it. My cock grew harder as her hand slid closer. We slipped into each others arms kissing deeply letting our tongues fight for position. I unhooked her bra before I slid it down her arms to reveal her firm tits then tossed it onto the deck, she then pulled my boxers down and give them a filing also. Next came her panties, she pulled them off before I could reach for them they ended up on the deck also. 

 She was ready, or so I thought. We splashed around in the hot tub kissing and feeling each other's bodies stopping long enough for a sip of wine while looking into each others eye's. 

Then she said, "I need to cool off, let's jump into the pool."

I watched her as if in slow motion as she rose from the hot tub, the water droplets pearled down her body, her firm tits and tight ass were illuminated brightly by the moon light showing off her great body. She walked slowly toward the pool nearing the edge before she looked back at me, just to see if I was watching and of course I was, I had risen from the tub to get a better view. I stood on the deck naked with semi-wood watching her as she mounted the diving board. She looked toward me as if teasing me as she bounce on the board before diving in to the darkness of the pool. What she did not know was the pool had automatic under water lighting, if someone or something was in the pool the lights came on. It was a safety feature that I installed. The pool illuminated with light showing everything. 

When she surfaced she asked, "Do we need all this light?"

"Would you like something else?" I said before going to the control box to change it to alternating colors. 

With that I walked to the edge of the pool near the deep end with our wine glasses full setting them down before I sat down to let my feet hang in the water. She swam up to me as she gripped my legs for support and she lifted herself from the water to rest her elbows on my thighs, her tits laid in my lap across my cock and balls. That was so hot, and my cock grew between her tits. I quickly handed her wine glass hoping to take the pressure off me, that was when she surprised me, after taking a gulp of wine she grabbed my cock taking it deep into the mouth while still full of wine swirling it around in her mouth while sucking me.

I had never felt anything like that before. Her wet wine blowjob thrilled me so much I thought I would cum right away. She felt my urge and backed off only to make me last longer. "Not yet." She said as she slipped back into the water.

I wanted to dive in after her but I hesitated, yes I wanted her but what was her game, why the mystery? She was a fucking tease!

I threw caution to the wind as I made my way to the diving board. She had made her way off to one side of the pool as she watched me. For a guy, diving into a pool naked could turn out very bad, however for me it worked just fine. She had my dick so hard it was if it were a torpedo being launched as I dove into the water. 

I swam the length of the pool under water as I reached my target then I popped up in front of her. She had lost sight of me in the changing lights, so it surprised her when I popped up, as she let out an excited "Oh", before laughing loudly. Her heals were just touching the small underwater ledge of which ran along the deep end of the pool with her back to the wall, arms out stretched along the top rail with only her head and arms above water. I slipped up to her placing my feet aside hers and gripping the upper rim of the pool wall. 
