 It was one of those rare, warm sunny days in late November when this all began. I hadn't worked on my tan for a long time and, deciding that I was getting too pale, set out to correct that situation. You see, I have this theory that extra body weight looks better when it's tan and, being slightly over thirty-five, I had added a few pounds in unwanted places. 

I slipped on a pair of cutoff jeans and a bikini top, and headed to the pool while my husband Mike watched a football game on TV. 

"Hey, Mike," I said. "I'm gonna lay out in the sun."

"Okay," he said. "Don't stay out too long. I don't want any sensitive parts to get burned."

Ouch. He probably remembered when we went to a nude beach once and I failed to use strong enough lotion. "'K babe," I said.

Despite the warning the bikini top only lasted about fifteen minutes. After I took it off I began applying suntan lotion all over my upper body—the last thing I want is sunburned boobs. Anyway, there's something about sunbathing that makes me horny. Maybe it's the warmth, maybe it's the quiet of the surrounding area—maybe it's the mere fact that I'm almost naked and I know that if the neighbors go to some effort they can see me. Whatever the case, when I ran my oil-slicked hands over my body I got really horny. In fact, the moment I spread the number 30 oil over my tits, my clit started to throb. Naturally my hand slid down between my thighs and found its way to my pussy. I could have called my husband to help me but I was too far along to take the time. When you pass the age of 35 sometimes you just take advantage of an opportunity when it presents itself. Know what I mean? 

I was on the verge of an orgasm—I mean really on the verge—when my phone rang. I tried to ignore it but the mood had been broken.

I mumbled "son of a bitch," wiped my hands on a towel and picked up the phone. I didn't recognize the number, but at least it was displayed on the caller ID, so I answered the call. "Hello?"

"Hey, babe. It's Malcom. Remember me?"

Malcolm. My agent from back in the day. It had to have been ten years since we had done business together. "Um, hi Malcolm. What can I do for you?"

I sensed the excitement in his voice when he began to talk. "Listen, babe. I don't know if you know this but the rage now is mature women, especially mature Asian women, with black guys. I figured that you..."

I cut him off. "Mature? Thanks a lot."

"I didn't say old, did I? That's a whole other category that's also popular. There's a huge market for women in their late fifties and early sixties but..."

I cut him off again. "Are you serious?"

"Yeah. It seems younger guys want older women because they know what they're doing. At least that's my theory."

I immediately created an image of my mother-in-law in my mind. She was a couple of years over sixty but still gorgeous. She has blonde hair, deep blue eyes, long legs and at least C cup tits. I could just see her on top of some young stud. Yes, her tits would probably be a bit saggy, but still she would be spectacular. I knew she was still interested in sex because she has, on more than one occasion, asked me about acting in adult videos. In fact, the last time we got together she told me that she and my father-in-law had begun making their own videos. I wondered if I should mention her to Malcolm. I decided against it.

I got back to Malcolm. "So, what are you calling about?"

Malcolm started talking New York style rapid-fire. "I have a few contracts for some interracial stuff with thirty-five and older Asian women and you're the first woman who came to mind. I saw that you were still doing nude posing up until five years ago or so and you looked great so I assume you look great now. What do you say? It's worth ten grand for just a couple days of work."

Ten thousand? Jeez. Pay scales sure had gone up. He had my interest. "What...um...what would it entail?"

"The usual," Malcolm said. "Stripping, fingering, blow job, threesome, fucking and a...um...I know you never did anal but...um...there would be a DP."

DP? I had always fantasized about a DP but it was probably out of the question. I mean, my husband have great anal sex and I have used a pretty big dildo back there while I was on top of him, but I couldn't imagine being squished between two guys. 

For some reason, though, I was inclined to go along with the plan, but I had to talk to my husband. "I'll call you back," I said.

I slipped my bikini top back on, adjusted it so that my boobs practically popped out—I believe that giving a man a peek can be more alluring than giving him everything to look at—put on my best smile and sauntered into the living room. After flopping down next to him I said, in an overly sweet voice, "Hi, honey."

He knew me all too well. He turned off the TV, rolled his eyes and said, simply, "What?"

I cleared my throat and mumbled, "Do you remember that guy Malcolm?"

"Of course I remember. Why?"

"Well he just called and..."

"No," my husband said.

"I haven't even..."

"I don't care."

I put on my best angry face, stood up, put my hands on my hips and snarled, "You knew how I made some extra money before we got married. It didn't bother you then."

My husband put on his best angry face. "You told me two days before we got married, remember? You kind of waited until the last minute to tell me, didn't you. And it bothered me a great deal. I had to deal with it for a whole year after and the idea of dealing with it again is not appealing."

"I...I had a contract and..."

"Fine. Now you don't."

"But I continued to pose up until..."

"That's different."

"How is it different?"

"You didn't have some guy's cock in your mouth," he shouted. "Or a cock in your pussy, or one in your mouth and another in your pussy. The truth is that I didn't like it when you posed, either. Especially when you showed...everything."

"Oh, really," I said. "Then why did you go so often to the shoots with me?" The answer was, of course, that he wanted to take photos of his own.

He stammered a bit. "Well...I...you know...never mind. I prohibit you from doing the video."

Oh—that was the wrong thing to say. Prohibit? Uh uh. My eyes narrowed into slits. "Prohibit. You prohibit me? Since when..."

I could tell he knew he had made a mistake. He sank into the couch and sighed. "All right," he said. "Tell me about it and we'll discuss it."

I was so excited I practically foamed at the mouth. "It's worth ten thousand dollars for just a couple days of shooting. We could use that to fly business class to London, right? Anyway, it seems that older—slightly older—Asian women are in vogue right now. My role would be with some black guys and I'd do the usual with...um...the addition of a DP."

He jumped up off the couch and hollered, "No. Jesus Christ. I hardly ever get to fuck you in the ass and you want to let some other guy... no. I swear to God if you do this I'll leave you."

I was going to ask him to define what he meant by hardly ever because...well, that's not important. As much as I wanted to try a DP his threat to leave me shook me up. "Okay. Okay. I...I'll call Malcom."

After I explained the situation to Malcolm he said, "No DP, huh? Would you do a girl on girl scene? Let's see. You could a few scenes with multiple guys, take a couple of cum shots and then roll around with a girl. I'll get your old pal Yuki to work with you and do the anal stuff. It wouldn't pay as much, probably eight grand, but that's still pretty good money."

Yuki? OMG! What Malcolm didn't know was that Yuki and I had actually been lovers when we were kids and that we were best friends. She was an "off the plane" Japanese girl when I first met her in California and she desperately needed a friend to cling to. Well, we clung together all right. Being in an Air Force family meant that we moved around a lot. Our last stop was in Texas where I found a lot of other Asian and mixed-Asian girls. The blondes hated us and we hated them. The Hispanic girls hung together but, because I could speak Spanish, I got along fine with them. Some of them, especially those with Aztec/Inca blood, could pass as Asian if they wanted to. Anyway, Yuki's family followed close behind my family and we were reunited. She, I and a few others all got involved in the business. When she first came to Texas Yuki was a bit chubby. She is no longer chubby. She is now absolutely gorgeous.

Interestingly, Yuki and her husband Tom get together with my husband and me all the time, although we never discuss the past. I wondered if Tom would let Yuki get back in the game, but first Mike had to agree to let me do it. "Let me ask my husband," I said.

Mike seemed to be coming around. "Girl on girl with Yuki? Hmmm. I tell you what. Tell Malcolm that I want to be in a video. Tell him that if you're gonna be with some black guys then I want to fuck some black woman, a mature black woman. No holds barred." 

Well I did not like that, but how could I refuse? It would be hypocritical of me. "But you don't know how to act."

My husband snorted with derision. "And you do?"

That was another wrong thing to say. "Yes," I snarled. "I do."

My husband recovered in a hurry. "Well, I know how to fuck."

He had me there. I called Malcolm and returned to my husband. "He said okay but you work for free."

"Deal," he said. "But only if Yuki's gonna be in it with you. That kind of evens the score between Tom and me."

I had no idea what that meant, but I didn't care. I had to check in with Yuki to see what her attitude was.

I didn't like Mike's apparent interest in Yuki. Something about it bothered me, but in any event I was so turned on that I decided that I would reward Mike with a long, slow blow job. 

"Thanks, honey," I said. "Wait here a minute." I raced into the bedroom, pus on a sexy black number, slid a beautiful necklace Mike had given me for my birthday and raced back to the living room. "See anything you like?" 

"Wow," he said. "Yeah, I do. I don't know what you have in mind but...can we video whatever it is?"

"Fine by me," I said. I love it when we video ourselves. "How's a nice blow job sound?"

Let's just say that my sexy outfit didn't last long. He did leave the necklace on, though. He thought it would add to the steaminess of the video. 

Anyway, I like to take my time when I sucking him off. It's almost a Zen-like experience. It may take as long as thirty minutes before I let him come and, when he does, I suck him dry. 

Then, holding his jism in my mouth, I look at him, smile and swallow. I call what I do the "big gulp." That's not to be confused with the 7-eleven big gulp, BTW. Well, I held him off for almost a half hour before I had my big gulp. 

My throat was a bit sore so I had to rest for a while and drink some hot tea. Mmmm. It was all so wonderful. 

And, in three weeks when the shooting took place, it would even be more wonderful, especially when I dropped about ten pounds.

I called Yuki about twenty minutes after finishing my blow job. She was so enthusiastic it was amazing. "Oh my God," she said. "You and me together again. I can't wait. Guess what? Tom's gonna be in the shoot with me as well."

I was stunned. "He is? That's interesting because..."

I never got to finish what I was saying. "Yeah," Yuki said. "He, I and a friend of ours are gonna do the DP. I'm gonna have to practice with a dildo or something because it's been ages since I was double-holed."

"Wait a minute," I said. "First of all, I thought this was a black guy gangbang. Second of all, you're going to have a friend involved? Won't that be a bit awkward? I mean, when you see the guy after the shoot won't he be thinking about you and what you did?"

Yuki laughed. "I'm pretty sure he thinks about that as it is because Tom and I have had a couple of threesomes with him already. Haven't you and Mike done that with anyone?"

"Jesus, no," I said.

"That explains it."

"That explains what?"

"Why you've never had me over or Tom over or both of us over to...you know. We've been waiting and waiting for the invite. I was afraid you didn't like us as much as we thought you did. We're going to have to work on that."

"Now wait a minute," I said. "If you think..."

"Whatever," she said. "There's been a change in plans. Malcolm said that you would do the black guys solo, I would do some white guys solo and then we'd have a multiracial fuck fest. That's when you and I get to play with each other."

Hmmm. That sounded pretty interesting, I have to admit.

"Anyway," Yuki said. "You and I have to get together to rehearse."

"Rehearse?"

"Yeah. It's been a while since I've been with a chick, you know. Maybe I've forgotten what to do."

"Ha!"

"Look," Yuki said. "The guys have a golf game on Saturday. Let's you and I get together and have some fun."

"Well...okay."

While I impatiently waited for Saturday to arrive I began dieting and working out like crazy to shed the extra pounds I had put on. I knew I would never get back to the shape I had when I was on my honeymoon but I was sure going to try. 

The worst part of the ordeal was dieting. I had chicken for breakfast, salad for lunch, and chicken and salad for dinner. That was bad enough but I also had to swear off wine and chocolate. Many times I wondered if life was worth living under those conditions.

Anyway Yuki and I got together and practiced what we thought would be expected of us. We laughed an giggled a lot and said we can't or we shouldn't, you know, acting as though we were afraid of what was about to happen. Once we kissed, though, the action got really hot between us. Gasping for air she said, "I'm gonna record this with my phone. I wanna watch this later on." I just closed my eyes and nodded in agreement.

I was in such a state that I can't remember actually undressing but soon we were naked and making out like teenagers on the bed. God—it felt so good to be up against her beautifully soft skin. Yuki kissed her way down my body until she was between my thighs licking my clit. When she eased a finger into my butt I just about exploded. We collapsed and sucked in air as hard as we could and then it was my turn. 

Yuki tasted so sweet. Seconds after the tip of my tongue touched her clit my face was buried in her pussy. It didn't take long for her to come and when she did she squeezed my head so hard with her thighs that I saw stars.

After we composed ourselves Yuki and I lay side by side kissing and stroking each other's wet pussies. Reluctantly I dragged myself out of bed and got dressed to go home. 

******

Two weeks after I heard from Malcolm, I and anyone else who was going to be involved in sex of any type had our blood tested. A week after that we were ready to shoot the videos. Thank God I had dieted. The last thing I wanted was for my belly to be jiggling when I was getting fucked. My tits—yes. My belly—no.

The videos were going to be shot in a mansion in Austin. When I say mansion, I mean it. It had eight bedrooms, each of which had its own bath. Shooting was going to take place in two of the bedrooms, an office and a gymnasium. Yes, this place had its own gym.

Being in a huge home had a lot of advantages, not the least of which was that the stars, namely Yuki and me, could have our own bedrooms. After all, Yuki and I needed our rest after each session because sucking and fucking for a couple of hours can be exhausting, especially when the director decides he wants another take on a scene. Anyway, the home also had a guesthouse and a pool house where the technical crew stayed. Anyone who didn't get their own room had to double up but they were used to that. 

Having our own rooms also meant that our husbands could be with us, so there was a good likelihood that I wouldn't get much rest after a video session. Mike always refused to attend my sessions but he certainly would ask me about them afterward. I would, of course, to into great detail describing, for example, how a cum shot hit me in the eye so hard I could barely see afterward or how hard my nipples got because the room was cold. He would get horny, I would get horny and we would definitely have fantastic sex. 

Two things go on the day before shooting actually begins. One is that wannabes and girls who are not pretty enough to be stars get their turns to be videoed. Some of the girls who are really anxious to get in the business volunteer for bondage shots. The bondage can be soft, hard, or ridiculous. How a girl can let herself be tied up, suspended by a rope and gangbanged is beyond me. It's gotta be painful!

Some girls even let themselves get slapped around. Not me.

Don't get me wrong. Mike and I have our own bondage games that we play. I like being blindfolded and tied up—gently—and have him surprise me with nibbles and licks, but rough stuff is out of the question. But as far as any kind of slapping—even spanking—that's just not for me.

Some of the girls that showed up, mostly Filipina girls, were obviously going to be used as body doubles. Yes, that's right. There are body doubles in adult videos. Have you ever seen a video where some girl is on her knees getting pounded from behind and you can't see her face? Odds are the girl is a body double. I, for one, refuse to have my pussy slammed by some big dick for an extended period. First of all it would make multiple fuck sessions nearly impossible because I would get sore. Second of all I just don't like it. I prefer slow sensuous sex even when I'm faking it. I especially demand slow sex when I'm double-teamed. It's hard enough to suck a cock while being fucked but virtually impossible when you're being fucked hard. So, when my script calls for hard sex I have a stand in.

Of course, there is the anal. A lot of actresses use doubles for the anal shots. I certainly do.

A lot of the wannabes have little idea what they are in for. Some of them wind up crying and—guess what—the directors love that. It's a turn on for guys with twisted minds. 

It's also a time when guys who want to be in the business get tryouts. Believe it or not a lot of men can't maintain an erection while being videoed even if they have taken Viagra. Let me tell you—there is nothing worse than trying to work with a guy with a limp dick. Imagine that you're in a scene where you're on top of a guy and his limp dick falls out of you. You have to pause, grab his slippery little prick and put it back in. It is such a bother. If you're a guy and you can't get hard and stay hard, forget about being in an adult video.

Finally, we have to practice our cum oozing. Don't laugh. There is a lot of fake cum involved in adult videos, stuff made out of yogurt, water and corn starch. Often a stage hand will inject some in your pussy or butt with something like a turkey baster and you have to push it out. Sometimes you take a big mouthful and let is ooze out the side as if some guy came so much that you couldn't handle it all. Ha. I've never had that situation in real life. Anyway, I practice that stuff in the privacy of my own room with a little help from my husband.

Anyway, all of that ancillary shooting is done in one or more bedrooms and, while it is going on, the stars pose for stills—the female stars that is. No one really cares about seeing the guys, I guess. Maybe a close up of an impressively hard prick but not much more than that.

My husband attended my photo session with camera in hand. He just loves taking pictures of me in various stages of undress and, since I can't be bothered doing it at home, he takes advantage of every opportunity he gets. The photo session went on for a few hours and only ended when I was exhausted. When we got back to our room I stripped off my robe, flopped on the bed and looked at the lust in my husband's eyes. "I'm too tired," I said.
