 Author's note: the following story is pure fiction, based solely on the seed of an idea planted by a chance encounter. Any semblance to real or imagined persons or world events is purely coincidental. The author wishes to express his gratitude to Copperbutterfly for her editing to make this a better story.

I was wandering around in my favorite discount department store doing some miscellaneous shopping. Of course, as is my usual modus operandi, I was also perusing the lovely ladies as I went, mostly looking for the nice round bottoms and/or the heavy bulbous breasts that turn me on.

I was in the seasonal Valentine's aisles when I spotted her. At first it was just a flash of skin that attracted me because she was wearing dull black pants and a dull black jacket, neither of which were particularly attractive. I did a double-take and sure enough, she bent forward to look at something on the shelf and her blouse and jacket pulled upward several inches, leaving her lower back bare, an always intriguing scene.

No, that is not quite correct. The bare back statement, that is. On closer examination, I noticed her back was not bare but was covered by some sort of broad tattoo. I immediately turned down the aisle and slowly moved toward her, keeping my eyes on her lower back.

She didn't pay me any attention, other than to move a little closer to the displays to let me pass behind her. I dawdled, trying to make out the content of the tattoo but by then she was standing upright again and most of it was covered. I was disappointed and slowly kept moving, pretending to look at the goods on the shelves.

Frequently glancing back at her, I could see enough to tell that she was probably a good 30 years younger than me. She was nicely built although not outstanding. Her tits were modest sized while her ass seemed to be well-shaped but not large.

I had almost reached the end of the aisle when I made up my mind. I wasn't going to miss this opportunity by being too bashful. Purposefully I strode back to where she was standing, moving as if to pass behind her. However I stopped right behind her.

"Excuse me," I said in a voice she could hear but would not carry through the store. "I noticed your back tattoo but couldn't tell what it is. Would you mind if I look at it?"

When I first started talking, she flashed me a big smile that showed two rows of pearly white teeth. She was even younger than I had imagined, probably early twenties, with a very cute face. Her response to my question was to grab her jacket and t-shirt and lift them up. Part of the image of a beautiful multi-colored butterfly came into view, spread across about eight inches of her flawlessly smooth skin.

I could see most of the image but not the lower portion. Taking the elastic waistband of her pants in my hands, I pulled her pants down about two or three inches ... enough to see the entire tattoo.; Enough to see the upper part of a black string thong. Enough to see the beginning of the split in her buttocks!

I figured she would yell at me for moving her pants ... but she didn't. She stood there and let me look. Without releasing her pants, my right index finger traced some of the lines of the butterfly and I told her that it was beautiful work, a very attractive image. I stared and traced for a good two minutes before she made a motion to pulled her clothes back together so, like a gentleman, I eased her pants back up and thanked her for letting me see. 

She turned back to her shopping and I slowly walked back up the aisle. However just before I got to the end again, another thought struck me and I retraced my steps. When I was behind her again, I said in a whisper, "Lucky is the guy who gets to know that butterfly intimately."

She turned to me and actually blushed, managing to stammer out a, "Thank you" with a knowing smile.

I returned the smile, ducked my head and started to step away once more, but her hand shot out and grabbed my forearm. I stopped and turned back to her.

She whispered, "Does that mean you'd like to get to know it better?"

I nodded my head vigorously, "Don't I wish!"

"So what if you could?"

"I would be ecstatic."

"But what would you do?"

"Well ... I think I'd first like to use my tongue."

"Where?"

"All over that tattoo."

"Oh. Is that all?"

'Well ... not if I had my 'druthers.'"

"So, what then?"

"I'd lick all over that pretty ass."

"Oh, really?" She edged closer. "And?"

"Then right down the center."

"With your tongue?"

"Yes."

"And then?"

"Play ping-pong."

"You mean ... in and out?"

"Oh, yes."

"What if it goes inside?"

"So ... what if it goes inside? That's part of the idea."

"Oh! You're kidding me, right?"

"No."

"You mean ... you would actually stick your tongue in my ass?"

"Yes ... and love every second of it."

"Ooooh, that sounds ... ," she shuddered, smiling as if lost in thought, "wicked."

"Sort of but of-so-fun."

"Really? And you'd do that to me?"

"In an instant. Want me to show you?"

"Here?"

"No ... would you go to my place?"

"That's all you're going to do?"

"I'll do whatever you want me to."

"But you will ... do that?"

"Absolutely!"

"Let's go!"

She pushed her basket to one side, I left my few items in the same basket and led her to my car. It was less than a two mile drive to my house and nothing was said on the way. I wondered if she was in the process of changing her mind. However when I parked and went around the car to open the door for her, she was already outside and waiting for me to enter the house.

She followed me through the living room, up the stairway and into my bedroom and by the time I turned to welcome her, she had discarded her jacket and was pulling her t-shirt over her head. She was not wearing a bra and her tits, probably a full B cup or a small C cup, looked so inviting.

I stripped off my shirt, kicked off my shoes and was taking off my pants while she drop-kicked her pants into a chair and pushed her thong to the floor. There was a look of lust on her face and she was anxious to find out if I was lying or not.

"How do you want me?" she asked.

I pointed to the side of the bed, "Just lean over and spread your legs." 

I dropped a thick pillow on the floor right behind her and knelt on it. With only her hands on the bed, she was almost upright. I caught her hips and leaned forward, letting my tongue graze the colorful butterfly image. Around and around I went, roughly tracing the outline of the creature, covering a major portion of her lower back. Slowly I narrowed the wet ovals until my tongue had covered the entire image.

I began lapping back and forth, gradually moving lower and lower. She crossed her arms and rested her head in her hands, lifting her ass in the air. I licked across her buns, covering all of the soft tanned flesh, until my fingers eased her cheeks apart. I slipped my tongue into her crevice, changing to an up and down motion, first one side and then the other. Little sounds came from her mouth, almost like a mouse squeaking, as I washed her entire anal valley.

She eventually put her face on the mattress and reached behind her, gripping her buttocks with both hands and pulling them as wide apart as possible. By then I was at her core and began to play a little tap dance on the puckered covering of her anus. The squeaks became soft moans and several times, she inched her feet further apart, trying to give me better access to her ass.

With my hands gripping her hips, I could feel her muscles begin to relax although her body went through a series of little shudders and shakes, perhaps mini-orgasms but I was not sure. However I could tell when her tight opening was no longer as tight as it had been and I pressed my tongue. Her flesh moved aside, a bit reluctantly but without too much coaxing and suddenly I had a half-inch of tongue inside her tight sphincter. Her moans became more audible, except she kept turning from side to side so that her face was sometimes into the mattress, muffling her sounds.

I began to plunge my tongue deeper and deeper, tongue-fucking her ass. The more I worked, the more relaxed she became and the deeper my tongue went, until she was taking as much of my tongue as I had to give her.

With access finally easy with each thrust, my hands began to rove over her body. After a few minutes, I slipped my right hand under her and found the top of her crease. Her pussy was dripping wet from her juices, already in a steady flow. My forefinger found her clitty and gently nudged it every few tongue strokes. It must have taken less than two minutes before she became board-stiff, muttered, "...ccccuuuuummmmmmmmmmmmmiiiinnnnggggg!!!" and a small gusher of warm cum splashed into my hand.

She seemed to have no inclination to change the status quo so I kept tonguing her ass and fingering her pussy and in the next ten minutes, she came twice more. After that, she said she was too exhausted to keep it up. I helped her onto the bed where she sprawled as if she had no bones in her body.

I went around to the other side, shedding my shorts along the way, just in case. I climbed in beside her and was surprised that she pulled me to her for a long, spit-swapping kiss. While she had her tongue down my throat, her hand found my erect member and gently rubbed up and down the shaft.

When we came up for air, she asked, "Do you want to fuck me, baby?"

"I would love to but its your choice."

"Honey, after that, you deserve it. Just don't expect me to do too much yet, okay?"

I climbed into her saddle and guided my cock into her sloppy wet pussy. Even at that, she was tight and the feeling was delicious. At first I nibbled on her young tits for a while as I held myself deep inside of her. Then, as I started moving ever so slowly, I leaned down and we kissed ... long, sensuous kisses that seemed to last forever. It surprised me that she would do that to a man who was obviously so much older than her but she never showed any indication that she was less than pleased by the action.

One of the advantages of getting older is the ability to last longer than I could when I was younger and I didn't want this fuck to end ... ever! I worked gently at teasing her clitty and it paid great dividends when the sweet young lady came three more times before I finally pumped my load into her after fucking her for nearly an hour by my bedside clock.

I stayed above her for as long as I could. Finally my flaccid cock plopped out of her sloppy pussy and my muscles screamed for relief so I eased myself to the bed beside her. She surprised me by turning with me until she was laying with her head on my chest.

"Ohmigawd," she said, "I never thought sex could be like that."

"Is that good or bad?"

"Honey, that is GOOD! My boyfriend was lucky if he could make me cum once."

"Oh? I didn't know you have a boyfriend."

"I don't. We broke up nearly four months ago."

"Oh? Not found anyone else?"

"Not yet. Not until today."

"So ... you found someone today?"

"Yep, he's an older guy but really knows how to make me feel good."

"Who's that, sugar?"

"You, dummy!"

"You mean ... you don't mean ... I'm your ... boyfriend...?"

"Are you married?"

"No."

"Do you have a girlfriend?"

"No."

"Wrong. You do now."

"Are you telling me ... "

"Yes, I want to be with you. Do you have a problem with that?"

"No, no. I just didn't expect ..."

"You thought I wouldn't like an older man?"

"Well, yeah!"

"Well, you thought wrong, babe. You've got the magic."

"Magic?"

"Yeah, the stuff. Whatever it takes to make me feel good."

"Oh? That's good."

"No, that's not good, honey. That's fabulous! I thought all the hype about having several orgasms was just trash talking. Now I know it's real."

I didn't know how to respond so I just smiled at her. She slid up my body and planted another long sensuous kiss on my lips. I wrapped my arms around her and pulled her close. After a couple of minutes, she straddled me, brushing against my reviving member.

When she finally broke the kiss, she smiled devilishly and said, "I think you're ready to go again, aren't you?"

My smile broadened and I nodded.

She captured my flagpole and guided it into her still slick cunt, easing herself down my body until she had fully engulfed my cock. I thought about warning her that this one could take much longer than the last bout ... but decided to just "let it ride."

Three-quarters of an hour later, she collapsed on me after having two more shattering orgasms. I was still erect and not even close to cumming again so I rolled her over, put her on her face and lifted her hips until her knees supported her ass. Climbing around behind her, I pierced her pussy again and proceeded to pump her from behind while my fingers played over the colorful tattoo.

In the next half hour, I managed to tease her clitty until she climaxed one more time and then a few minutes of seriously hard, fast fucking let me fill her love tunnel with another load of white hot cum.

By then she was so tired that she couldn't move. As I rolled over, I pulled her with me and spooned her from behind and we both dozed off.

A couple of hours later, I awoke to find her staring at me. When my eyes opened, she smiled and snuggled close to my chest, pressing her breasts against me.

"So ... are you going to let me move some clothes in here?" she asked.

"Are you serious? You want an old man like me for a boyfriend?" 

"Damn straight I do!" she exclaimed. "After what we did today, how could you doubt that?"

"Well ... I sure liked it."

"And you think I didn't?"

"No ... I hoped you did."

"Babe, there's no doubt about it. I loved it. I want some more of it. I'm not going to move in ... but if you'll let me, I'll keep some clothes here and spend as much time with you as I can."

"I've got space. Let me consolidate some of my things and you can have what you need."

"Good." She leaned upward and kissed me again, her tongue charging into my mouth like a sword. She drew back, "My name's Cindy."

"Hi, Cindy. I'm Ed."

"Pleased ta meetcha, Ed," she said with a mischievous grin. "I sure am glad you like tattoos."

The End