 Thomas slowly swam up from the depths of a deep sleep. His evening with Emily had exhausted him, completely, and he had slept like a rock. As he drew closer to the surface of consciousness he realized that he was experiencing an unusual sensation, one he was not accustomed to feeling upon waking.

His eyes cracked open, and as he looked down he found the source of his pleasure. Emily was slowly working up and down his already rigid cock with her mouth. She had pulled the covers back and was lying between his legs, completely nude. She was in no hurry, and seemed as though she was attempting to be gentle in an effort not to wake him up. With her sole attention focused on his dick, it took her a few moments to realize that he was awake and staring at her.

She smiled with his cock still in her mouth. She eventually released it to say, "Oh good, you're awake."

Thomas chuckled, "Hard to imagine being able to sleep through something as amazing as that."

"You might be surprised, I've been at this for at least five minutes," she replied, right before giving his dick a nice long lick from base to tip.

Thomas moaned at the touch of her tongue; the feeling caused his mind to instantly flashback to the amazing evening he had just shared with Emily. Had she not still been in his bed, he was certain he would have chalked it all up to a fantasy experienced in a dream.

"Now that you're awake, I don't think I should be the only one having fun," she said, with a mischievous grin on her face.

Emily quickly sat up, and straddled Thomas' face. He looked up at her beautiful pussy as she slowly lowered it down to his eager mouth. She was obviously in a teasing mood, because every time his tongue was about to reach her, she pulled her pussy away. He was amused, but he was also hungry for her, only willing to wait for so long. He grabbed her waist with his hands and firmly pulled her already wet pussy down to his mouth. He quickly buried his tongue as deep inside her as he was able and began to swirl it around. This elicited a loud moan from Emily. Thomas moved his mouth to her clit and began to gently suck; in response Emily began to grind down on his mouth.

As Thomas continued to make love to her with his mouth, Emily bent over and took his still hard member between her lips, sinking down all the way to its base. He could feel her throat massaging the head of his cock, and he couldn't help but moan into her pussy. This caused her to moan in turn, vibrating his cock and increasing the pleasure twofold.

Thomas could immediately tell that Emily had not lied when she had admitted to sucking his cock for some time before he had woken. His balls were already tightening up and his cum was boiling towards release. He tried to concentrate solely on her sweetness and pushing her over the edge as well, in a hope to last as long as possible. He didn't ever want the pleasure to end, but it was evident his orgasm was at hand. Emily sensed it too. She grasped the base with one hand, stroking him in unison with her mouth, driving him over the edge. He moaned deeply into her pussy as he emptied himself into her mouth. Still grasping his cock, she held just the head in her mouth as she swallowed every drop he had to offer.

Once she had sucked him dry Emily released his cock from her mouth, and gave it one final kiss, before moving to lie beside him on the bed. The warmth of her body and the softness of her breasts pressing against him immediately put him at ease. He knew sleep would be overtaking him again soon.

Emily's slowly moved her fingertips across his chest, sliding through the hair, pushing him even further towards the land of dreams. Just as he was about to drift off completely, her voice brought him back up, "Not to rush you, but you've got about an hour before your Epic Poetry final."

Thomas' eyes snapped open and he sat upright, nearly throwing Emily off the bed.

"Shit, shit, shit. I completely spaced it," he said, scrambling from the bed.

Emily giggled, "Relax. You have plenty of time and you know the material. You're going to be just fine. Take a deep breath."

Thomas focused on her words and her naked form lying on his bed. Calming down, he realized he did have enough time for a quick shower, to get dressed and to grab something to eat on the way out the door, still leaving him with just a bit of time to get his mind straight before his final exam.

He definitely needed to get out of his apartment, sooner rather than later. Looking down at Emily in his bed was doing nothing for his focus, and if he stared at her nude body any longer there was no way he would be able to tear himself away. Thomas was reluctant to leave, however, worried that the night before and this morning's activities would be a one-off. He wasn't prepared for any of it to end.

As if reading his mind, Emily said, "I promise you I won't disappear on you. Go to your exam and we'll talk later."

"You're sure? Cause this all feels kinda like a dream. And I have this fear that if I walk out the door, poof, it'll all just be gone."

Emily, got up off the bed, walked over to Thomas and wrapped her arms around him, "Yes, I'm sure. After everything that happened last night, and this morning, there is no way I could walk away that easily."

Thomas sighed, slightly relieved, giving in to the comfort of her naked form pressed against his own. As if on cue the blood started to flow to the second brain hanging between his legs. Emily noticed immediately and pushed away from him.

"No, no. No more of that this morning. I haven't tutored you for nothing. You need to get out of here and blow that exam out of the water. My will isn't that strong at the moment, so if you don't leave now I will be tempted to pull you back into bed and never let you leave," she said, taking a few steps back.

He looked at her longingly, immediately fantasizing about all the things they had yet to do.

Emily scowled at him, "Don't give me those dreamy puppy dog eyes. I'm serious, get moving. My efforts will not go to waste. We'll sort through all of this later. We do have some things to discuss."

Thomas' fantasies immediately left his brain, replaced quickly by doubt and worry.

"What things?" he asked.

"Not now, you need to focus on your test. Seriously, into the shower," she finished, pushing him in the direction of the bathroom.

Thomas relented, knowing that skipping the final was not an option. Motivated by Emily's assurances, he quickly made his way in and out of the shower, hoping to have a few moments to speak with her before he had to bolt for the campus. He quickly stepped from the bathroom, his towel wrapped around his waist, finding only an empty apartment.

On the kitchen table there was a garbage bag with a note lying next to it. The note read:

Thomas,

I figured the least I could do was clean up after you had been such a good host; even if we did just skip straight to dessert. I have some grading to do, and a few other things to sort out this morning, but I should be free later this afternoon. Come over to my place around 3 or so. I'm eager to hear how your exam went.

Emily

Thomas sighed, disappointed that he wouldn't see her again before he left for his exam, but also heartened that she was interested in seeing him again so soon.

He dressed hurriedly, grabbed his school bag, the bag of garbage and food from the previous evening, and a bagel before rushing out the door. He was halfway through his bagel by the time he reached the ground floor, barely chewing before swallowing, as his anxiety about the upcoming exam was putting him into overdrive. After tossing the garbage bag into the dumpster, he unlocked his bike, thankful for decent weather, and raced towards campus.

******

Thomas was one of the last students to find a seat in the small classroom, which meant he was forced to shuffle his way past feet and bags to an empty seat in the middle of the back row. Epic Poetry wasn't exactly a sought after course, so it was relegated to one of the older and tinier classrooms, located in one of the basements of an original campus building. It smelled as old as it looked, but for some reason Thomas found comfort in its confines. The seats were worn and tattered, leading Thomas to often wonder if his father had ever sat in one of the seats he occupied. The professor would often go off on tangents completely unrelated to the topic, and Thomas found his mind easily wandering in those moments. Typically, however, his thoughts gravitated back to Emily.

Today was no different. As he sat waiting for the exam to be handed out, he couldn't keep his thoughts from wandering back to his night with Emily. Try as he might, he could not seem to drag them back for even a brief mental review of the exam material. Eventually he just sighed, sat back, closed his eyes and let the lustful thoughts wash over his mind. If he concentrated enough, he was nearly able to play the whole evening back, like a film. Just as he was about to lose himself completely to the memory the student to his right nudged his shoulder roughly. His eyes popped open and he quickly looked to his right. Thomas had been so focused on finding an open seat, as well as being lost in his thoughts, that he had not noticed who he had sat himself next to.

He believed her name was Megan, but he had never really spoken to her. She had been the first person he had noticed on the first day of class. Her long, red, curly hair set her apart and drew his attention to immediately. Unfortunately, she also came off as someone interested in only her opinions at the expense of everyone around her, including the professor. It was a rare day when she wasn't arguing or disagreeing with the professor, which typically ground the day's lesson to a halt. She was also stubborn, refusing to yield or concede any point, regardless of whether she was wrong or horribly wrong.

Thomas typically ended up sitting a row or two behind her, and had on an occasion or two been able to catch a glimpse of her graded papers. If he had to guess, Megan was pulling a low to mid-level C into the final. She would need at least C on the final to pass the course, which might explain the look of frustration and concern on her face as she shoved a stack of exams in his face.

"If you're done daydreaming about blowing the professor, maybe you could pass these along," she said to him.

Thomas gave her a forced smile, accepted the stack of tests, took one and passed the rest to the student sitting to his left. It took an incredible test of will to keep the barrage of comments flooding his mind, concerning the redhead, from escaping. Anything he said would only draw attention from those around them and more than likely lead to a dramatic scene from her. He only wanted to take the exam, get off campus and see Emily again. Thomas turned his attention down to the exam in front of him, focusing as best he could, and began to read through the first question.

Through his own preparation and Emily's tutoring, Thomas knew exactly what the question was asking before he even finished reading. He had, however, gotten himself into some trouble in the past by not reading exam questions thoroughly enough, so he forced himself to read it through in full and then a second time. His initial assumption had been correct, which gave him assurance for the rest of the exam. Confidently, he put his pen (the professor required tests and assignments to be completed only in ink) to paper and began working diligently through the final.

Thomas was not the first to finish, but he was close. Though it had been a challenging exam, he found the greatest difficulty was simply finding the best way to convey his thoughts. He knew every answer, and knew what the essay questions were looking for, but had some slight hesitation and concern in accurately expressing his thoughts. In the end, however, he had faith that he had crushed the exam, and felt no worry about keeping his 'A' in the class.

After he had handed over his test to the professor, who barely looked up from his obscure book to acknowledge Thomas' presence, Thomas stepped out into the hall, taking a deep breath of freedom. Or at least a few weeks of freedom before the second semester began. He checked his cell phone hoping to find a text or voice mail from Emily. He was rewarded with a text from an old roommate, lamenting about bombing his business final. He quickly replied with condolences and a promise to bring a six-pack by at some point to help him wash his sorrows away.

Thomas stared at his phone for a few moments, willing a message from Emily to appear, but to no avail. He was about to close his eyes and use his non-existent psychic powers to force Emily to message him when he heard his name.

He looked up from the phone believing that he had actually, in some way, willed Emily to come see him. Instead, he was surprised to find the redheaded girl walking towards him.

"It is Thomas, isn't it?" she asked, stopping a couple of feet from where he stood.

"Yeah," he replied, almost questioningly.

He had never really seen her out of the classroom, and didn't realize how short she was, barely five feet, if he had to guess. Her curly read hair dropped down to her shoulder blades. She had pale skin, faint freckles and green eyes. Thomas had never really taken the time or had the opportunity to look at anything other than her red hair and face. She was very attractive, with large breasts on top of her small frame. She wasn't thin, but not overweight either; she was just blessed with curves in all the right places.

"So, I wanted to apologize for what I said to you in there," she said.

"What?" he replied, completely confused.

"You know, about blowing the professor," she said, lowering her voice slightly.

"Oh, yeah, well... yeah, it's ok."

"No, it's not. You hadn't really done anything. I was just stressed about the exam, worried about failing the class, and I took it out on you."

"Yeah, we were all stressed about the exam," he replied, not really willing to let her completely off the hook.

"No, of course, you're right, it was no excuse. I let my bitchiness out, and it was uncalled for."

She seemed genuinely sorry, and he had never seen her apologetic before, so he decided to cut her some slack.

"It's really ok. Finals week, we're all on edge. No worries. I hope the exam went well for you," Thomas said.

"I think I did well enough to pass, not great, but good enough," she said.

"That's good," he replied.

They stood in an awkward silence for a few moments, Thomas expecting her to leave. But apparently she had more to say, she just wasn't in a hurry to do so.

"So, you're Megan, is that right?" he finally asked.

She smiled, "Yeah, how did you know?"

"Just observant I guess. Anyway, I do hope everything went okay with the exam, and the rest of the week. I suppose I might see you around," Thomas said.

"Actually, I was hoping I could ask you something," Meghan said.

"Okay."

He waited for a few moments as Megan obviously deliberated internally with either how to ask or whether to ask at all.

"Sorry," she finally said, "I'm not really great at asking for help."

"It's okay, really, ask away," he said.

"Well, I really struggled through this class this year. The professor and I didn't really get along."

Thomas gave her a look that clearly said Seriously, you think?

"I know, I know, like 'Duh', right?" she said. "Anyway, I was hoping for a better grade, but I think I survived. Thing is, I am taking the second semester course as well; I need it to boost my graduate applications and to help me look a bit more well rounded. I'm just worried I won't survive the next semester."

"I have to be honest," Thomas said, "I'm a bit surprised you are taking part two, given how much you and the professor argued and all. There have to be other courses you could use."

"There probably are, but this one is a bit more diverse, and I already feel a bit committed. Plus, I at least have a semester behind me, I can be a bit more prepared for him," she said throwing a thumb towards the classroom, "and his teaching and testing methods."

Thomas chuckled, "Okay, if you say so."

"Anyway, I've spent some time in the professors office, discussing grades and whatnot, and he let me know you're one of the best if not the best student in his class."

Thomas looked at her skeptically, "He just offered up this information to you?"

"Well, I can be persuasive when I need to be."

"Persuasive or belligerent?" Thomas asked.

She grimaced a bit, "I suppose that's fair, given how I act in class. My academic focus is more scientific, so all this flowery stuff is a bit hard for me to grasp. Plus all the writing, it's just been a bit much for me, to be honest."

Thomas was starting to get an inkling of what she was trying to ask, but decided to try and give her the opportunity to get it out herself.

She shook her head, as if trying to clear her thoughts, "Anyway, like I said, I'm horrible at asking for help, but I was hoping you could maybe help me through the second course. Like tutor me a bit, maybe."

He smiled politely, "Well, Dr. Cloughton has tutors that he can set you up with. Someone a bit more qualified. I'm not sure I'm the person you want."

"No, you are. Dr. Cloughton and I have had our differences, and I'm too stubborn and proud to let him know I am looking for help. Plus, I don't need some graduate tutor looking down their nose at me, thinking they are better than me. I don't think you'll be like that."

"Uh," Thomas said, not really knowing how to respond.

Megan jumped on his pause before he could muster a response, "I know it's a big ask. I don't expect you to say yes or no right now. How about you think on it over break," she then proceeded to take his cell phone from his hands.

He was too surprised at her boldness to protest, and by the time he was prepared to she had already put her contact information into his phone.

"There. All set. Just send me a text or give me a call with your answer. I don't want you to feel pressured, but I would really appreciate your help," she said, laying it on almost sickly sweet.

"Ok," he replied, hoping to end the awkward exchange. "I'll think about it."

"Thank you so much," she said, gently putting her hand on his forearm and smiling warmly.

"Sure," Thomas said, very uncomfortable with Megan piercing his personal bubble.

"I'll see you after break," she said as she turned and walked away.

He watched her walk away, his mind still trying to sort through what had just happened. Admittedly, she did have a pretty nice little body, petite and curves in the best places. But it was a big step to get beyond her personality, or at least what he had seen of it in the classroom. Maybe he had judged her too soon. Or, and more likely, she was just good at pouring on the sweetness when it served her purpose.

Thomas shook his head, realizing he had better things to do rather than stand in the hall working through a puzzle that had no immediate solution. He was free, for three weeks. It was time to start celebrating.

******

It was nearly 11:00 AM by the time he got back to his apartment, but still an eternity until he could go meet up with Emily. He was going to have to find a way to occupy his time or he would end up driving himself crazy or showing up too early and leaving Emily thinking he was crazy.

Thomas grabbed a beer out of the fridge and decided he would start packing. He was due to head home for Christmas, which was a week away. He had promised his mother he would stay until the 27th or 28th, but then he needed to get back and pick up some hours at his campus bookstore job. With the stress of finals he had squeezed out of a few shifts he shouldn't have, and he needed to repay those that had covered for him.
