 Highrider had brown hair, and it was thick and coarse. As she was still in uniform, it was pulled back and clipped, but there was a lot of it. She was skinny and reasonably tall, five feet seven, maybe. Her most prominent feature was her breasts. They were large, and even in cammies, a person could see their mass, which was definitely saying something.

Her face was cute. Green eyes, baby fat cheeks with scattered freckles. She wore the standard issue BCGs—maybe this meant "basic combat glasses" or something; we just called them Birth Control Glasses because, believe me, they did nothing to enhance beauty. In fact, Highrider reminded me of the smart girl in class: never beautiful, yet never ugly, either. I wondered how that might change without the BCGs.

Apart from her breasts, what struck me about her was her energy. She seemed frantic with it, always moving. Even standing at attention, I could see eagerness in her eyes and tiny movements in her feet and fingers.

"At ease, Highrider."

"Permission to speak, sir?"

"Wait. Do you know who I am and why I'm here?"

"Yes, sir." she responded quickly, and then she said, "She lied to you, sir. Whatever she said, it's a lie."

"What are you talking about, Highrider?"

"Glashing, sir. You talked to her."

"What makes you think that?"

"You didn't, sir?"

"I've been working, Highrider, and I decided that I wanted to start with you now." It was a total lie, but camouflaged in truth with the word "now." I didn't want Highrider to know anything.

"Oh."

I walked over and shook her hand, and then I asked her to sit down and relax. She did, and her left knee began pumping up and down like she was keeping the beat to R.E.M.'s feverish "It's the End of the World as We Know It, and I Feel Fine."

I sat across from her on the empty rack and put my tape recorder on the floor. I pressed record, stating the time, date, and location. I identified myself and asked Highrider to do the same. Then, I said, "I know you lied to First Sergeant Wolverton in your incident report. I know the sexual liaison between you and Lance Corporal Glashing was consensual."

"Sir! I..."

I raised my palm at her. "Let me finish."

"But..."

"Shut the fuck up, Highrider."

Her zealous expression deflated to bitterness. "Yes, sir."

"That was an order, not a question."

"Aye, aye, sir," she mumbled, looking down at the deck.

I watched her face intently as I restarted. "I know the two of you spoke about masturbation. I know you asked her to talk about erotic sexual experiences with her old boyfriend."

Her eyes didn't lie. As she listened, they darted left and right, then to the head, then to the door, then to me, and then to the floor, all in rapid succession.

"I know everything," I continued, and then I launched into my submarine bluff. I didn't use the corpsman this time. That I knew what happened from Glashing's tale was enough. Her knee quit pumping when I held up the dummy cassette.

"So, you need to understand, Highrider, that I'm only here out of courtesy to you. I'll be seeing Glashing only as a courtesy. I don't need either of your statements to fully brief the General on what happened and make my recommendations. A falsified statement to cover up an illegal homosexual act? Falsely accusing a fellow Marine? You're going to the brig, and when you eventually get out, you're going to be dishonorably discharged."

I said it flatly and decisively. I wanted to subdue her. The moment I walked in, I sensed she was going to battle me; I had to completely neutralize her will to fight.

I had. Perhaps too well.

Highrider covered her face in her hands. The bit of skin I could see on her face turned bright pink. Her shoulders shook, but I couldn't hear her breathing. Then she drew in a huge gasp and crossed her arms on her belly. Tears were streaming down her face and she looked up at the ceiling and unleashed a crying wail. It began almost like a siren's rising pitch, and at it's crescendo, one might have mistaken Highrider's cry for a high-pitched belly laugh.

I stood up, walked to the head, fetched some tissue paper, and handed it to her. She pulled off her glasses and wiped her eyes as I sat back down beside her.

"Alright, Highrider, that's enough. Settle down and get control. You're a Marine, for fuck's sake." It may have sounded harsh, but I said it gently. I put my hand on her back, rubbed side to side a few times, and then patted her. "Come on," I said.  

When she began getting control, I continued. "You haven't let me finish. I'm here to give you the chance to make this right, for you and for Glashing. Tell the whole truth. Be a Marine again by destroying the lies you told. If you can do that, then I can make a very, very different recommendation to General Buck."

Highrider looked over at me, hope in her red eyes.

"Maybe we can avoid the brig, avoid the dishonorable discharge. Maybe, just maybe, we can get you transferred. Give you a fresh start somewhere, like Quantico or Pendleton. What do you say?"

She nodded, wiping her eyes again. Without the glasses, she might really be something. I could see that.

"Only don't tell me any more lies," I finished.

Her voice cracked when she uttered, "Aye, aye, sir."

"Are you ready?"

She nodded.

I invited her to tell the story, and I got my second version. She must have been speaking for about a minute when I sighed deeply. 

She stopped. "Is something wrong, sir?"

I shook my head. "No. Continue."

I must have been the biggest fucking idiot in the Corps. Here I was, listening to the same story, knowing what it had done to me the last time I heard it. I had every opportunity to prepare myself—change my uniform, adjust my skivvies, have something better to cover myself—and I didn't do it. I just came right over to Highrider's room. Fuckhead!

The hell with it. I stood up and walked around the room. I'll either walk it off or I'll sport an erection. I didn't give a fuck. Tell me a sexy story? Fuck you, deal with my hard on. 

Broadly, Highrider's account matched Glashing's. One chief difference was in the style. Glashing had told the story almost matter-of-factly. When Highrider told it, she tried to sound contrite, but there were parts that clearly excited her. Her tempo would increase and her voice would fill with energy. And then, almost like she noticed her own excitement, she'd switch back to telling it with shame. Highrider did not strike me as intelligent.

The other chief difference was in the details. Like before, I pushed for specifics under the guise of needing accuracy for my investigation. As an example of these unique details, Highrider described a moment when she and Glashing, in bed naked together and masturbating one another, had spoken about the things they like men to do to them and the things they liked to do to men. I pushed for details, and I got them. 

Glashing, she explained, loved giving blowjobs and how powerful she felt controlling a man that way. Highrider informed me that Glashing could deep throat a cock, but she, herself, couldn't. Glashing's favorite was fucking with a rock hard cock. She liked being on top and doggystyle.

Upon hearing this, my cock was like a 9mm pistol. It jabbed against the fabric of my pants, angling up and under one of my pockets. My back was to her as she went on.

Highrider loved how men fawned over her breasts. She liked men to suck on her tits while they fingered or fucked her pussy. She said she came real fast when they did that. She was too scared to swallow cum, but she didn't mind sucking dick.

At this point, I turned around and faced her. I was a few feet in front of her, my dick at eye level. She had been looking at the ground, but when she said "dick," her eyes glanced fleetingly at my crotch. 

She saw it. I pretended not to notice, and I continued my slow walk around the room. She stopped talking.

"Go on, Highrider."

Her favorite was fucking, too. She liked riding on top so that her man could grab and suck on her tits. She also told Glashing that she sometimes liked anal. 

I completed a circle was standing in front of Highrider again. She had quit speaking and was looking at my erection.

This time, she took a long enough look that I couldn't ignore her. 

"Lance Corporal, I may be a First Lieutenant, but I'm also a guy, and when I'm in a beautiful woman's room..."—she glanced up at me, surprised, at those words—"...and she's telling me an amazingly sexy story about fucking, my cock is going to turn into steel. Understand that?"

"Yes, sir."

"Now, go on."

"Aye, aye, sir," she said, and I didn't fail to notice her suppressing a shy grin.

She finished the story, describing how she'd panicked when she woke up, how she'd accused Glashing because Glashing had a lot of friends. They were sure to talk. Highrider didn't want to get kicked out. She finished, explaining how she regretted the whole thing.

"The whole thing?" I asked. 

"Yes, sir."

"You regret fucking Lance Corporal Glashing or you regret the false accusation against her?"

"Both."

"But, you enjoyed fucking her, didn't you? You told me you came."

"Well...yes, sir. But, I would never do it again."

I came to a stop in front of her, still hard.

"Here's the problem, Highrider: this investigation, once I interview Glashing, will have three separate articles of evidence demonstrating a consensual sexual liaison between yourself and Lance Corporal Glashing. That, in itself, will be damning. But also you two were friends and roomates—you chose to be roomates, according to 1stSgt Wolverton—for months, nearly a year. The General might conclude that your relationship was a much more involved than one simple night of fucking. He might conclude you are lesbians."

"But, I'm not. We're not, sir. I told you about..."

"I know what you've said. I'm talking about the evidence. How can you convince me?" I asked.

"I just don't know, sir." Not a bright one, Highrider.

"Look at my cock, Highrider."

"Aye, aye, sir."

"How does it tell you that I'm not gay?"

She hesitated, and she spoke like she was thinking hard. "I'm a girl and you're a boy and were alone together. You think I'm...sexy and you liked my story and..."

"Right. I think you're sexy and my body responded to it," I reasoned.

"Yes, sir. Thank you, sir."

"What would a lesbian think about my cock?"

"She wouldn't like it." Then, her eyes widened. "But I like it, sir."

I nodded.

"What if I sucked it, sir? Would that help?" she asked.

"No, Lance Corporal, I'm not interested in sex with women who don't want me."

"But, I want you, sir!"

I muttered, "I don't know," and turned away.

"Please? Sir? May I give you a blowjob?" she pleaded, scooting forward on the bed, poising herself to come at me.

"What if I'm more interested in your tits right now?"

She immediately unbuttoned her camouflage blouse. I didn't see her tits for long in the green tee shirt underneath, but they were big. She slipped the tee shirt over her head and unhooked and removed her bra.

They weren't just big; they were fat and round grapefruits. They were pale, almost white, and her areolae were smallish for the size of her breasts. They were like fifty cent pieces with pointy—not pencil tip flat—nipples.

I took off my Alpha jacket and tie for the second time that evening. I unbuttoned the top of my shirt, and I walked over to Highrider. I spread her legs and stood between them, reaching down with both hands to caress and massage her tits. My crotch was inches from her face.

"Can I touch it, sir?"

"Only if you want to, Highrider."

She ran her fingers along my cock through the trousers, and then she unzipped them and reached inside. She caressed me through my skivvies, and then she pulled them down and pulled my cock through the zipper gap.

She kissed it on the tip and on the side. She licked it underneath. She swirled her tongue around the head and put her lips over it, sucking briefly and then kissing away. Her hand tugged along the shaft, and she looked up at me.

I knelt down, took the back of her head in my hand and pulled her face to mine. We kissed, and I squeezed and pinched her fat tits, dragging my thumbs across her nipples.

She moaned, sucking on my tongue.

I let her go, put both arms behind her back and pulled her tits toward my waiting mouth. I seized one of them in my hands, clutched it to pop the nipple toward me, and the I drug my tongue over it. She moaned. I did it again, letting my tongue feel the little tip. I flattened my tongue, pressed it against her nipple, and hauled it across her areola until the nipple flicked back. She moaned, again. Louder. 

I rubbed her pussy through her utility pants and sucked her nipple, and she fucking loved it, rubbing my hair and moaning. 

I drew back and stood up. "Take off your clothes."

"Aye, aye, sir." She did it. 

"Your glasses, too." She pulled them away.

She was cute. I walked up to her and kissed her. We licked each others tongues, and then I spun her around. "So fucking hot, Highrider."

I looked at her ass. Tall and skinny, her butt was two small cantaloups pressed together. I put my hands on her ass and groped it. Then, I pulled her to me by the hips. I pushed her back down and my cock slid up her ass crack. I cupped her tits from behind and dry humped her a few times.

Then I turned her back to face me.

"Sit down and spread your legs," I said. She did. I knelt between them and brought my fingers to her pussy. "Let me watch you suck your nipples."

She took her right breast in two hands and lifted it. She craned her neck down and, pursing her lips, took the nipple into her mouth and began to suck on it.

"Not the way I like it, Highrider, the way you like it."

She nodded and sucked the entire nipple into her mouth. I saw her cheeks depress and release with the suction.

I put my middle finger inside her slit and curled it back to her clit. Her body was like a running engine down there—not just warm, hot. And she was sopping inside. When I pulled my finger out, a small bead of her fluids ran down it. 

I turned her and laid her flat with her head on the pillow. "Keep sucking your nipples."

She pulled the other one up and resumed. I climbed between her legs, pushed her thighs apart and lowered my head to her pussy. She shaved everything except a small triangle. I spread her apart with one hand and put my tongue on her clit, and then I pressed two fingers inside, bending them slightly up when I drew back so as to push against the upper wall. 

My nose was buried in the mound of little brown hairs as my lips and tongue devoured her clit. Fuck, her pussy was wet and hot. I liked the idea of Glashing's face being right here, too. Did Highrider's wet pussy surprise her like it did me?

"Oh, shit, sir," she cried.

I rolled her onto her side and lifted her knees up toward her chest.

"Don't stop sucking that tit. I'm going to fuck you now."

"Yes, sir."

I hastily sat up and stripped off my shoes and pants. I climbed back on the bed, spread my knees wide, and put my cock in her sopping cunt. Fuck, it was hot and slippery. 

She was in a fetal position, on her side with her knees pulled up and sucking her nipple. I fucked her for a time, listening to her moans, and then I rubbed my fingers on her little asshole. It was wet, incredibly, from her sopping pussy, and my middle finger slipped in easily. Highrider gasped.

I fucked her slowly and deeply, and when I pulled my cock back, I pushed my finger in, and vice-versa. When she came, she howled into her nipple. 

I pulled out and let my cock rest there between her cunt and her asshole.

"Where do you want my cum?" I asked.

"Huh?"

"In your hand, on your tits, in your mouth, your pussy, your ass, where?"

"Oh," she sighed, "Do you want to fuck my butt? Sir?" She was like some dumb ass kid.

"I will if you want it, but that's not what I asked, Highrider. Where do you want my cum?"

"You can cum in my butt, sir, if you want to. Guys like it."

"I'm not fucking 'guys.' I'm an Marine officer, Highrider. Make a fucking proper request."

"Yes, sir. Sorry, sir," she began, "Sir, will you please cum in my butt?"

I nodded, and then I flipped her onto her stomach. I straddled her legs and spread her ass apart. Bending my cock down, I pushed it against her slick asshole. The head popped in.

And just as quickly, it popped out. Shit. She was actually too well lubricated; so was my cock, and the down angle didn't help it stay inside, either.

I climbed off her. "Stand up over there."

She got up and walked to the desk.

"Lean against it."

I came up behind her; it still wasn't right.

"On your toes."

She pushed up to her tippy toes.

I took my cock and wiggled it inside her crack until it pressed against her tiny hole. I grabbed her hips and pulled her against me until I was inside. She reached back and grabbed my thigh. The circular muscle of her asshole gripped just beyond the tip of my cock, and I pushed in further. Highrider sang her song of pain. I listened to it and pushed deeper.

When I felt she was ready and adjusted, I let go of her hips and clutched her big tits. I thrusted with my hips; she pushed against them, and we almost instantly had a rhythm.

The feel of those fat tits in my hands—boob fat squishing between my fingers—and the tightness of her asshole stirred and awakened me. I lifted Highrider by the legs and carried her back to the bed, never letting my dick escape that tight hole.

I never made it to the bed. I supported weight of her legs with my hands, but the rest of her mass was supported by my dick up her asshole. It could not have been seated more fully in Highrider's ass. She'd started bawling the second I lifted her off the ground and let gravity decide how far my cock was going to go up her ass. Standing on a little rug in the center of her barracks room, I came up her ass.

I stopped walking toward the bed and froze in place. I groaned and felt my cock flex and squirt, flex and squirt, flex and squirt. Highrider bawled. Feeling my cock pulse and expand inside her even more, I grunted. 

We both cursed and yelled, and I even lifted and dropped Highrider on my cock to see if I could get any deeper. She screamed. Then, the waves of pleasure and power began to ebb and die off. I sighed and she moaned.

Her ass having taken the load, I took her the rest of the way to bed, and lowered her onto her hands and knees, ass up. I slowly pulled my cock out. She whimpered when the tip slid out. I caught my breath, watching Highrider's expanded hole slowly contract, close up, and seal my semen inside.

I went to the sink and cleaned myself up for the second time that evening. When I came back, Highrider was wiping her ass with tissues.

I waved her over to me. When she came, I lifted a tit, sucked on the nipple, and then I let it go. "You okay?" I asked.

"Yes, sir," she said with a smile.

I sucked on her tit again, and then I put my uniform back on. "Stay in here and clean up. I'm going to get dressed and leave. I'll be locking it behind me."

"When will I see you again, sir?"

"Maybe tomorrow. I've got work to do."

I left, wondering how in the fuck I was going to keep the Adjutant and General Buck happy. What the hell was I going to recommend? This investigation was fucked.