 +++I sat at my dressing table brushing my hair as you slept.  Your soft rhythmic inhaling and exhaling as you slumbered was the only sound in the room. The morning light was breaking through the cracks in the curtains and spraying a diffused glow over your body. I was nude except for my sheer white cotton robe. I continued brushing my hair and gazing at your reflection in my mirror. Your body was stretched out full length on the quilt and you were slightly turned on one hip...you looked relaxed and so peaceful.  One arm was nestled beneath the pillow that your head was resting on and the other was draped down along your side and across your belly. Your left foot was crossed a little over your right.  I smiled a Mona Lisa smile and drank in your intoxicating masculinity with my eyes....savoring the vision of every contour of your pulchritude.

I arose from my seat and walked to the side of our four poster bed and stood silently watching you.  I sat down softly on the edge turning to the right and drawing my right knee up toward me to get a better view.  You stirred a bit and seemed to be dreaming of something quite wonderful as a haunting smile possessed your mouth. Your expression, still smiling shifted as the mysterious images in your mind were played out on your face. I couldn't help but notice your penis flacid and loose over the top of your right thigh was moving just a little...kind of a twitch and then a sudden firmness as though some unseen force was filling it gradually with new life. Compulsively, I reached out with my fingers to steal a touch...but hesitated to do so...I didn't want to wake you. I turned away but was startled to hear you speak my name...."Velvet".....I thought I had woke you but your eyes remained shut.  

The sound of my name from your lips has drew me nearer to you.  I slid my robe off my shoulders and let it fall to the floor. I layed close enough beside you that your cock was brushing the top off my bare thigh.  As always when I am close to you the weak and trembly sensation started to grow in the lowest depths of my abdomen. You began to shift again. I was close enough to you that my nipples were touching your chest and my face was only inches away from yours. I gazed at the slumbering face that I loved so much. Your arm was between us so I carefully picked up your wrist and placed your hand over my right hip. Your hand came to life at the touch of my skin and started sliding around on my bare hip.

I leaned my head a couple of inches closer and placed a delicate kiss on your nose.  Your eyes opened already smiling and matching the smile that had been on your face for many minutes before. Your arm over my hip now encircled my back and pulled me so tight to you that I gasped and I wrapped my arms around your neck and pulled you close as well and our mouths came together. Not tightly at first, instead our lips touched lightly several times and then became tighter with each encounter until they were completely locked in a very deeply passionate way. Then your kiss left my lips to travel over my chin and down my soft white throat where I lost myself in the sensuality of your artful tongue and cleverly gentle teeth and you made little noises with your mouth sucking the sides of my sensitive neck and oh so close to my ears. My nipples were so hard and pointed and the shuddering within my vaginal walls deepened and escalated to new heights.

You looked in my eyes and said, "I knew you were watching me."  Your grin said that you liked that I did. I said, "I can't help that I love you so much."  You squeezed me tighter still and said, "I feel exactly the same my love."

Your hardness had amassed to its fullest potential and was pressed so hard and persistent against my heat. I unconsciously drove my hips into your groin. 

Our eyes never broke their mutual gaze and I whispered softly to you, "Please, please Lover..now." Without a word you shifted slightly and lifted my right leg up and I felt my lips of my cunt spread open and you jutted your hips in a little closer and I slid mine in to meet yours. Our legs interwoven I felt for your shaft with my fingers and guided it slowly into my slightly parted cunt lips and with a quick thrust of your hips the head entered and I inhaled and sighed deeply and my eyes closed and my hips rocked closer still and then you thrust your hips into me harder and your cock slid all the way in my tight moist canal.  We lay that way for seconds you in me and me on you. Our arms holding each other close and our eyes locked. Then instinctively our hips rhythmically rocked in oppostion like a perfect dance never missing a beat and we kissed breathy kisses and rocked in each other so close together and so complete and our passion steadily climbing to the ultimate crescendo until suddenly we both seemed suddenly paralysed as we froze and simultaneously shuddered and quaked and clenched each others bodies so tightly and exhaled our unique moaning cries of perfect and total release and the sounds filled the room and we came, and came and our juices drained together from our taught passion- ravaged bodies. 

We stayed within each others arms and didn't move and let the juices continue to flow and your cock relaxed within me and with my head nestled into your chest and your cheek upon my hair we lay still and slept that way for the rest of the morning, so content, and so completely fullfilled.+++