 This is a story about how I got back into the swing of things after a life-changing accident. I've been in a wheelchair for more than five years now, after I lost the use of my legs in a skiing accident. I won't get into all the details about the really bad times—when I felt suicidal, when my relationship with my then-girlfriend went sour and finally ended. I'm better now, and this story is part of what helped get me get my groove back. I'm still working hard in therapy, trying to walk again. In the meantime, I'm enjoying life and I really count my blessings. I've got a good job and good friends. I'm a big, good-looking guy, and I've stayed in shape, even in my wheelchair. Plus, I've got an extraordinarily large, thick dick that still works like it always did, thank Christ. How big is it? I've got big hands, but when I grab my pole with two hands as if I'm gripping a baseball bat, there's still three or four inches of cock sticking out. (Don't be jealous—you can walk, and I can't.) 

Before my accident, I never had trouble getting women. For a long time afterwards, my self-confidence was so low and my outlook on life was so bitter and negative that I couldn't even bring myself to try. But about a year or so ago, I started feeling differently. I get my hair cut by a really sexy Italian woman named Carmen Trimboli. She's always been nice to me—calls me handsome, touches me flirtatiously when I come in for a trim…but she's like that with everyone, really. 

I'm 32. Carmen's a few years older, probably close to forty. But what a woman. Incredible hourglass figure, with a small waist, long legs, and broad shoulders. Not one of your petite, skinny chicks, by any means. More like Sophia Loren, or Anita Ekberg, if you know who that is. But gorgeous, with long, thick hair, full red lips, and dark sexy eyes. Sexy voice too, and stylish glasses. Something about her reminds me of Dr. Melfi on the Sopranos, Tony's shrink. Maybe it's the glasses. Maybe it's the voice—breathy and low. But much sexier. She always shows it off, too. High heels, and skirts that barely stretch over her big round ass, threatening to burst right down the seams. Enormous, heavy, full breasts. I'm talking about huge. So big that you wouldn't believe they could be real, except when you see them jiggling around, soft and natural as God's own creation. And as spectacular as they are, they fit her body perfectly, unlike some of these strippers that look like two soccer balls glued to a stick. Carmen's thick and voluptuous all over, and I was nuts about her. Kept my hair short on purpose so I'd have a reason to go in often. Hell, I even got a manicure a couple of times, just as an excuse to sit there with her holding my hand and looking at me with her sultry Italian eyes. 

So I go one day for a haircut, and I pull up and park in the handicapped spot right in front of the shop. I take a long time getting out of the car, so that she comes out to give me a hand. A few years back, I would've parked somewhere else, so that nobody would see me struggling to get out of my car and into my chair. Now, though, I take every advantage I can get. Gives me a chance to see Carmen's hot body jiggling as she bends over. And this time, I really get a show. She's wearing this short black little strapless number—made out of this Lycra-type material that stretches around her curves like the skin of a grape. If she wasn't so damn stacked, the thing wouldn't stay up at all, but it does—resting on top of her gorgeous tit-shelf, and stretched over her big round ass on the bottom. 

On her feet, high-heeled black boots, gorgeous fine leather up to her knee, perfectly fitted around her strong calves. She gives me a big smile and touches my arm. She steadies the chair as I shift my weight into it from the car. (How do I drive? Hand-pedals—accelerator and brake, that's how.) Her heavy tits swell out as she bends over and I see a big flash of beautiful breast meat. Her thighs flex—God damn, she looks so strong and ripe with her broad shoulders and long legs. Needless to say, I'm as hard as a lead pipe. I'm wearing linen pants, very loose-fitting and comfortable, and my rod pushes the material up like a huge circus tent. Does she notice? Should I try to hide it? Would she be as nice if she saw me as I really am-- not as Mr. Nice Guy, a harmless cripple, a charity case—but as a man who undressed her with his eyes and imagined fucking her over the hood of a car?

It's late in the day. There's no one else in the store. It smells of incense, hair products, nail polish, and woman. She's got my head back in the sink, washing my hair. I catch a whiff of her as she works, and it's thrilling. 

She's cutting my hair. I'm in the barber's chair. We're small-talking as usual. I know she's got a daughter, seventeen years old or so. (Ex-husband's out of the picture.) So I always ask about the daughter, let her do most of the talking. She can be moody, so I'm always a little careful around her. A tough Italian woman from Brooklyn—with that classic fugeddaboutit accent. Opinionated, bossy, fiery, funny as hell. From the way she looks, I know she's got men knocking on her door, but she doesn't give them the time of day. All she cares about these days is getting ahead with her business, making money. With that and raising her daughter she's too busy for any nonsense. I've overheard her talking to other women about this guy or that…"Men!…What do I need that for? Honey, I'm done with all that bullshit…" But in her eyes, sometimes, I sense desire.

I let her talk and watch her in the mirror as she moves. Her ass jiggles as she walks around, swings back and forth like a brass bell. I can see the outline of her tiny g-string through her dress. Her tits brush against my back as she cuts. Just the feeling of them on my shoulder makes me hard as a rock. Makes me want to bite into those huge jugs. Hair's looking good. She takes off the apron. Brushes my neck off, lowers the chair down. She's next to me, her hip right by my shoulder, her legs slightly parted. 

Somehow, don't ask me how, I feel the heat coming off of her. I see her face in the mirror, and her breathing seems to be heavy. It's like I can smell the heat of her sex, the way animals can tell when their females go into heat. Or maybe I just figured she wouldn't punch a cripple too hard…Either way, without saying a word, I put my hand between her legs, feeling the inside of her thigh. She started at my touch, like a nervous filly, and then froze, locking eyes with me in the mirror, looking slightly afraid. Then she moaned, softly, and spread her legs farther apart. 

She moves in front of me, almost stumbles, and puts her hands on the counter to brace herself, drops her head forward as if surrendering. I feel the wetness of her pussy, so hot and creamy, and start to stimulate her with my fingers. Oh God, she says, her strong legs flexing in her black leather boots. She tosses her dark mane of hair, bites her red lips. I push my thumb inside her wet cunt from behind, rub her clit with my fingers. She turns to face me, gasping, standing wide-legged like a whore. I reach up and peel her strapless dress over her huge jugs, and down, exposing her soft belly, her luxurious hips. She moans again Unnnhh….Aunnnh…Her breathing increases, tits heaving immensely. Auughh…Damn, she says. I'm sliding my long fingers in and around her slit, bringing out a great volume of pussy cream. I taste her—syrupy, spicy, like wine and honey and meat all together. I push my thumb in her mouth and make her suck my fingers off with her thick lips. 

Carmen slips out of her dress and climbs onto my lap, straddling me, grinding her pussy against me. 

"Oh baby, Goddamnit you've got me so hot. I'm so hot…you like my big titties don't you? I've seen you staring at me…you like them big in your face, huh? Go on big boy, suck em with your pretty mouth…" I lick and tease her hard brown nipples, sucking on them and biting her creamy tit-flesh valley. She moans and yelps, all the while humping her pussy against me through my pants like a cat in heat. She's wearing lacy little black panties that look tiny compared with her big ass and wide hips. I get a good grip on them and tear them right off her with one sudden rip. 

She kisses me hard, pushing her tongue in my mouth like she wants to swallow it. She unbuttons my shirt, kissing and biting my chest down the middle. "Ooh, nice!" she says, smiling."I love a strong man," she says, feeling the muscles in my chest and arms. She lets her dress fall off, exposing her fine strong shoulders. She's wearing a small gold cross around her neck, and she arches her back so that her breasts burst from her heavy bra. I undo the clasp and her huge melons swing free. Goddamn they're big. Soft, gorgeous tit flesh spills all around my hands as I fondle her and stimulate her nipples. I feel like I'm going to explode. I push her off a little and put her hand on my erection. She doesn't hold back—goes right for it and pulls my pants down to free my cock. My prick swings out, and slaps back heavily against my belly. 

"Oh, shit!" Carmen says, "Sean. Damn. Shit, baby, it's so damn biggg…" She stares at it, open-mouthed, and slides off my lap to look at it. She squats down on her haunches in front of me, taking my prick in both hands. "It's huge baby…I've never even seen such a big one. I don't know if I can take it all…I haven't been with anyone for a long time, but I want it so bad…You'll be gentle with me, won't you?" she says, looking up at me with her pretty brown eyes. All I can do is nod, her soft hands feel so good on my prick. She opens her mouth wide and wraps her full red lips around my cock. She gets the head in, stretched to the max, and tries to feed it down her gullet. She's working my balls and shaft with one hand, holding the shaft up higher with the other, and sucking for all she's worth. 

"Fuck!" I gasp, my toes curling. "Damn girl, that's good. That's it, baby, suck it…Suck that meat down your throat." She lets it go and smiles at me. She opens her mouth and lets it fall heavily on her lips and tongue. I get a grip on her hair and pull her back down on my rod, and she goes right with it. I can tell she likes to feel forced, likes it when I take command. 

Carmen proves to be really, really good at sucking cock. She teases the head of my cock with her tongue, licking it all around like a lollipop. Then she gulps at least eight inches of thick prick meat down her throat, and working me over with her hands the whole time, juggling my balls with her long fingers and manicured nails, jacking my long shaft. I know I won't last long. She deep-throats me like a pro, and with more than nine inches down her gullet she starts humming way deep in her throat, vibrating me like a vacuum cleaner. Gasping for air, she finally lets it out, slippery and dripping with saliva, and then wraps her huge tits around my pole. 

Carmen tit-fucks me with her hot Italian breasts—fuck, they're perfect, look like they were made just for it. They're so soft and hot, and so big that my cock disappears in the valley…My cockhead hits her lips and goes into her mouth on each upstroke. She's tonguing me all around as I pump her cleavage. In just a few minutes I'm ready to explode. My cock, already huge, swells to an unbelievable thickness and she gasps. "Ooh you're gonna come aren't you? You're going to shoot all over me? You like my big titties, huh? Yeah you big fucking stud, come all over me. Come for me, baby…come.."

I feel it vibrating through me down to my spine before it even hits. She opens her mouth as wide as she can and takes the head in again just as I start blasting. Pumping out streams one after another like a fucking firehose. Thick ropes of come down her throat, Carmen swallowing shot after shot like a drunken sorority girl shotgunning beers. Finally she can't take any more and some spills out of her mouth and falls on her big tits. She massages it into her breasts and then licks her fingers… 

"Goddamn, honey that was amazing. I can't believe how much you made me swallow." She climbed back up on my lap, kissing my neck and cuddling against me like a cat. The feeling of her huge soft tits against my bare chest was amazing. I started feeling her up again, reached for her dripping pussy. She spread her legs for me again, and turned to face away from me. I could see her in the barber's mirror, dark-haired pussy so moist and eager to be fucked, her pretty face contorted with lust. My cock started to get iron in it again, and suddenly it was completely hard, pressing insistently against her big rump. 

Carmen was writhing around in my lap like a bitch in heat with my fingers pistoning in and out of her pussy. She felt me hard against her ass and let out a weird-sounding moan. She turned around on me and kissed me hungrily, pushing her tongue into my mouth like she was going to eat me alive. With her other hand, she grabbed my cock and raised herself up, trying to slide it into her hot snatch. On her tiptoes, strong thighs flexing, she brushed the tip of it against her pussy lips. I grabbed her by the waist, and lifted her onto my shaft. The minute the head of my cock entered her, stretching her open, she screamed in pain and tried to pull away. "No! Oh shit, it's so fucking big. It's too fucking big, you bastard. You're going to kill me with that thing." 

What a sight. This gorgeous, sexy, older women, huge tits bouncing wildly on her chest, straddling my chair. I could see her long beautiful hair falling loosely on her shoulders, her big round ass in the mirror, and her face contorted with pain and passion with only a couple inches of my thick cock pushing into her tight puss. I grabbed her by the waist and pulled her forward, taking her nipple into my mouth and fondling her other melon-sized breast with my free hand. This brought even more juice to her dripping pussy and she let me ease her down, little by little, on my pole. I stared at her as she took it in, pain still showing on her pretty face, biting her dark-red lips. I lifted her so that her feet were completely off the ground—her entire body weight bearing down on my cunt-stretching cock. 

She raked my back and shoulders with her nails, and with seven inches in, I felt the back of her cunt. "God, your cock is so big, lover," she whimpered. "Please, go slow, please…" But by this point I was too insane with lust to pay attention. It'd been so long since I'd had a woman like this. She was magnificent and I was going to make her mine. I lifted her up a bit more and then let her drop onto my cock. I seized her big rump in my hands and grinded her into me. She screamed. She bit my neck. I could feel extra juice flooding her cunt, trying to adjust to me. I forced her down until every thick inch was imbedded inside that wet delicious snatch. I held her very still for a second, and then started moving her on top of me. I can't move that much in my chair, so I made her do the work. I slapped her big ass like I was driving a stubborn mare, and it made her jump and shake and jiggle even more. I bit the soft skin of her breasts, and she moaned and groaned even more. Her breathing got deeper, louder, and long. "Uhhhhhahhg. Ooahahge. Gooddammnn. Yess, Fuuuck me. Fuck mmeee with that huge cock. Dammn, you're hitting my spot. Oohh, Daddy, you're hitting my spottt! Uhhahhguaah!" 

Damn, she was getting loud. I wondered if people on the street could hear. 

"Oh yesss. Yeasss. Ohhhh, fuck me. Big stud-horse with your huge dick! Fuck my tight cunt. Does it feel tight on your big cock, huh? Goodd, you're so big, I can feel you in my throat! I feel you all the way through me. You're going to kill me with your huge cock! Do you want to come for me again, stud? Going to shoot me full of your man-juice? Fuck, I love it. I love it. Fuck meee…."

Then, she suddenly got really quiet, took in about ten very deep breaths, and became very still. Then, she fucking exploded. "Aieeagghaiahghahhh! Uhhhhghghghhiiieah! Aaaaaaaghgg!" Carmen screamed and screamed. She tore into my back with her long fingernails. She grabbed at my throat like a savage. Her hips were bucking and pumping on me like a rodeo rider. I had one hand firmly gripping her ass, pinning her onto my prick. My other hand was around her waist, and my mouth was full of her huge tits, first one and then the other. She kept on like that for practically a full minute (I could see by the clock on the wall), and then collapsed onto me, spent. I held her, feeling her heaving chest and kissing her face and neck. 

My cock was still rock-hard, and she was still impaled on top of me. She might have been through, but not me. I turned her around, so that she was riding me backwards. The spread of her big bottom looked delicious from behind. "No!" she gasped. "You're too big. It's too deep that way!" I ignored her. I grabbed her wrists and pulled them back so that her back arched and her tits pushed out, obscenely huge and distended from my sucking and biting. In this position my cock pressed even deeper into her womb, making her cry out again. She could feel the change come over me, and it excited her. No more nice guy. I was going to fuck her with everything I had. Carmen started bouncing up and down on me, meaty tits swinging outrageously in all directions. Big ass taking heavy smacks from my open palm, making her cry out and shake it even more. All ten-plus inches were stroking in and out of her at every thrust, pummeling her seldom-used pussy. She cried and moaned, approaching another orgasm, and then reached it, sobbing and babbling gibberish as she took everything I had. Her pussy was incredibly hot and tight. I felt the contractions of her come and my rod swelled up to what felt like double its size. I slammed it into her with one violent final thrust and then blasted my load into her womb, shot after shot. 

Carmen climbed off me and slipped down to the floor. She looked up at me, weary, exhilarated, and completely sated. Then she smiled, got up, and climbed onto my lap again so I could kiss her. The fans in the hair salon kept spinning. The smell of sex was everywhere in the shop. Carmen's huge tits were covered in sweat. Neither of us said anything. That was the best part, just seeing the way she looked at me, and knowing that even though I can't use my legs anymore, I can still satisfy a woman in the best way. That day was the start of my comeback. The day that Carmen Trimboli made me feel like a real man again.