 Author's Note: This is the conclusion of the story. I hope you can forgive any errors. Thanks for reading.

*****

Through fits of tears, Highrider told me that she and Bundt, last Friday night, had sex together in Bundt's room. As an NCO, she got a private room. Afterwards, Bundt asked if Highrider ever had sex with Glashing. She said no. Bundt talked about how hot Glashing was. 

At the party, Bundt told Highrider how to lure Glashing into sex, called them her "turning tactics." Bundt, apparently, enjoyed sex with straight women and had developed an effective method. She taught it to Highrider and told her to try it after the party. And she told Highrider to change the blinds so that Bundt could watch. 

Bundt had watched them and left. Highrider was already awake at 0615 the next morning, holding Glashing, when she saw PFC Morales look in the window. It was then that she freaked.

"Morales?" I asked. This was ballooning out of control.

Highrider nodded. "When I saw it wasn't Corporal Bundt, I got scared. I thought Morales would report me, and I'd get kicked out."

I considered this for a second and said, conclusively, "Morales was ordered there by Bundt."

"Why?" Highrider asked, suprised.

I shook my head. "Some other time, Highrider." She put her face in her hands. I said, "You fucking lied to me."

"I'm so sorry, sir," she cried.

"Shut the fuck up so I can think."

I sat down and my mind raced to put it together. Bundt ordered Morales to look in the window because she wanted leverage. Bundt knew what Morales would see—Glashing and Highrider, basically naked in bed together. Morales would report what she saw back to her NCO—Corporal Bundt. Bundt would use that information against Highrider and Glashing.

No. Bundt would use it against Glashing. She'd already had Highrider.

Bundt wanted Glashing.

I got up to leave, and Highrider clutched at me, begging for help. She threw herself at me, taking off her bathrobe.

"Please, sir! Don't leave me this way!"

"No," I said. "I'm leaving. You deserve everything you get." I walked to the door.

"Sir!" she pleaded.

I left and went back to Glashing's room.

Already spooked by my earlier departure, she was pacing the floor when I came in.

"Sir..." she began.

I raised my hand. "Wait, please."

She stopped.

"Did Corporal Bundt ever try to seduce you?" I asked, and then I added, "Not even necessarily seduce, but maybe invite you to her room alone or act strangely? Talk about sex? Anything like that?"

Glashing said, "Yes, sir. She did. More than once."

"Okay, tell me."

Corporal Bundt, a communications Marine, was not in Glashing's section, so opportunities for them to see each other during the work day, other than during formation, were rare. Yet, Bundt often dropped by the Motor T shop and hung out wherever Glashing was working. Any time they spoke, Bundt was making sex jokes or talking about sex.

Twice Bundt had invited Glashing back to Bundt's barracks room, and Glashing suspected her to be a lesbian. At a previous party, Bundt tried to get alone with Glashing, and even went so far as to grab her ass. Glashing told her to stay the fuck away.

"Sir," she asked, "what does Corporal Bundt have to do with all this?"

"I can't tell you now, but I will later. What do you know about PFC Morales?"

"Morales?" she asked. I nodded, and Glashing said, "Not much, sir. She's a pretty shy, pretty quiet boot." Boot—meaning fresh out of boot camp.

I nodded, thinking and rubbing my jaw.

"Is everything okay, sir?"

"I don't know, yet, Glashing."

"I'm scared, sir."

"You've told the truth. There's nothing for you to fear."

"Can you stay with me now?"

"I can't."

I left, went back to the 1stSgt Wolverton's office, and had a closed-door conversation with him. Then, I returned to my quarters and got my tape recorder. I went back to 10th Marines.

PFC Morales was alone in her barracks room when I walked in. She was a frail looking thing. Demoralized, was my first impression of her. She might have been cute, but something inside was eating her up.

I didn't put her at ease. I started the recorder and said. "I'm representing the 2nd Marine Division in an investigation into some matters that occurred on Monday evening and Tuesday morning. As background, I need to understand your relationship with Corporal Bundt."

The second I mentioned Corporal Bundt's name, Morales lost control. Her chest heaved up and down, and she began to cry—a whimpering, sniffling affair.

"Morales, at ease. At ease." I went over to her. "Sit down."

I took her shoulders and set her on the bed.

"Did the two of you have sex?"

"Yes, sir."

"How many times?"

"Three times, sir."

"Did you feel coerced by her?"

"Coerced, sir?"

"Like you didn't have any choice," I clarified.

"Yes, sir."

"Was it rape?" I asked.

"No, sir."

"Are you sure, absolutely sure, it wasn't?"

"It wasn't rape, sir."

"Okay, did she order you to look into Glashing and Highrider's room on Tuesday morning at 0615?"

"Yes, sir."

"Who have you told about what you saw that morning?"

"Only Corporal Bundt, sir."

"No one else?"

"No, sir."

"What did you see?" I asked.

"They were both naked in Highrider's rack. The blanket was pushed down. Glashing was asleep on Highrider's chest. Highrider was feeling Glashing's ti...breasts when I looked in. She saw me and I ran back to Corporal Bundt's room."

"Okay, at ease, PFC. Wait here."

I left to think. 

I wanted to nail Bundt, really throw the fucking book at her. But, I also recognized that we maybe had some things in common. She had fraternized, sexually, with Marines junior to her. So had I. In fact, as an officer, my crime was the more egregious. A commissioned officer and two Lance Corporals? Plus, these were the same women I was investigating. It was doubly wrong. Way wrong. Was I any better than Bundt?

What gave me a tiny sense of self-righteousness was the idea that my offenses had not been premeditated. Bundt had planned this thing. Hell, she even had a system for it—"turning tactics"— or whatever. She spent her time figuring out what straight female Marine she could seduce. And for Morales, Bundt had seduced her and then used that to order Morales around, make her help in her plans for Glashing. Bundt had used Highrider, too.

I was also somewhat justified by the idea that I hadn't used coercion—at least, not directly. I didn't order anybody to do anything. And I certainly provided opportunities for them to say no. Had either Highrider or Glashing turned me away, I would not have pursued. Did my rank and position influence them? Yeah, it did, I admitted.

So, why did I feel justified?

I didn't care about lesbians, like Bundt, in the Corps. Honestly, I didn't. Anyone who joined, however, signed a fucking contract—a voluntary contract that said they were not homosexual and that they wouldn't pursue homosexual activities. Bundt broke her word. 

What was worse: she incited others to do the same. To me, that was treachery, an offense of the highest order. She used her rank and her persuasive skills to induce others to break their word, destroying their personal integrity. When a Marine loses that, morale is destroyed, and ultimately, our ability to fight and win is undermined. 

Fuck, just look at Morales, I thought. 

I was no angel, but Bundt was treacherous.

I went back to Morales's room and had a detailed conversation with her. We went through a couple of rehearsals to get her comfortable with her role and her lines.

Morales made a phone call. She did a nice job. 

When she hung up, I calmed and encouraged her. Then, I went into Morales's head and waited.

Bundt showed up a few minutes later, barging in without knocking. "What the hell's going on, Morales?" she asked.

"That investigating officer is going to talk to me. What should I do?"

Bundt got angry. "Don't fucking tell him anything!"

"What if he asks about us being together?"

"Lie to him!" Bundt yelled.

"Lie to an officer?"

"If you tell him the truth, we're done for, Morales."

"He's going to ask about what I saw that morning."

"So, tell him."

"What if he asks why I was there?" Morales asked.

"You couldn't sleep. You woke up early and went for a walk. Do not tell him that I ordered you to do it."

"But, you did!"

Bundt shouted, "I know I did, but he can't know that or he'll start asking me questions!"

"I should tell him the truth."

"No!"

I walked out of the bathroom. Bundt jumped when she saw me. Morales said, "Attention on deck!" and both of them snapped to attention.

Bundt was big girl, but not quite a Fatty McButterpants Marine. She was not even remotely in shape. Wolverton had showed me her evaluations; she was a shit bird. A seventh year Corporal? She should be a Sergeant or better. Her face was puffy cute, and I could see how it could gain the trust of others. She had a winning face.

I looked at Bundt and said, "You stay locked up," and then I turned to Morales and said, "Report to your duty station. Remember that you mustn't talk about his with anyone. Dismissed."

"Aye, aye, sir," she said and left.

When the door closed, I turned to Bundt. "Morales and I just overheard you admitting to about three things. Two of which would put you in the brig. The other would get you admin sepped from the service, Corporal."

"You were in the head, sir. You couldn't hear what I said."

Her defiance surprised me. "Oh, I heard." 

"No, sir, you thought you heard, but you heard wrong."

I asked, "What about Morales and what she heard?"

"The word of a Corporal against the word of a PFC, sir."

"Wrong. The word of a corporal against the word of a PFC, a commissioned officer," I said, flatly, leaning underneath second bed and retrieving the small black machine, "and a tape recorder."

She sank.

I set the tape recorder on the bed and said, "I want you out of the service. Gone. I don't care if its the brig for a year or two and then a dishonorable discharge or if it's a simple admin sep, but I want you out."

She just stared at the ground.

"Listen to me," I said. "I know the General will not want the MP's and a messy court martial. He'd take admin sep any day of the week, but I need incentive. I need your confession. Give it to me, and I'll think about recommending admin sep. Don't, and I'll call the MPs right now on that phone." I pointed at the wall phone. She looked at it, and then looked down. 

I stood up and walked over to the phone.

"Sir, I'll confess."

I shrugged, picked up the phone, and started dialing.

"Sir! Please! I'll confess!"

I called Wolverton. She realized it and settled down. I asked the First Sergeant to put Bundt in barracks restriction. He told me he'd be here in five minutes.

Turning back to Bundt, I said, "When I come back, you'll sign a confession. You'll admit to ordering Highrider to try to seduce Glashing." She looked up at me, surprised. "You heard me: ordering them to do it. You'll admit to trying to seduce female Marines, but failing. You'll admit to engaging in homosexual conduct with civilians in Jacksonville, and you'll request administrative separation from the service."

"Those are lies, sir!"

"Like you really care about lying, Bundt." I said her name like it was dog shit. "I'm trying to save the careers of three good Marines. To do that, if I have to serve up some lies and one faithless, crooked whore, so be it."

Wolverton arrived with the clerk. I explained the situation to him, and he escorted Bundt back to her own room and locked her in. 

It was nearing 1900 hrs, and I was starving from the stress and fatigue of the investigation, but I needed to put Glashing's mind at ease. I went to her room.

She threw her arms around me when I shut the door. I gave her the details. It made sense to her, the story. But, the thing that most upset her was finding out Highrider had deliberately set out to seduce her using Bundt's suggestions. 

I laid down on Glashing's bed. I could've slept through the night except that I was so hungry. Glashing came over. 

"You look so tired, sir."

"Have you got any chow in here?" I asked.

"They won't let me keep any."

"Your pussy. I need your pussy, Glashing."

She stripped naked beside me. I gestured her over to me, staring at the perfection of her thighs, her tummy, and her pussy. She climbed over me on her knees, putting her cunt over my face. I seized her hips and devoured her pussy.

I didn't listen to her moan and cry. I didn't feel my cock struggle against the confines of my camouflage trousers. My sole focus was eating her pussy, licking it up, tasting and swallowing everything it could give me, searching every tuck and fold of it for some nourishment.

I'd never eaten pussy when I was so hungry before. It was like drinking water on a scorching hot day, but from a fountain that only gave you water by the drop. Each taste was heaven, but never enough to satisfy.

I must have supped from her pussy for twenty minutes. I suppose I did hear her orgasms, and there were several, but they didn't influence me, didn't change what I did. 

"Oh, shit," she panted, "I can't take it. No more. Please."

She was a wet rag doll when I lifted her off me, put her over the side of the bed on her knees, and began to eat her ass from behind.

I pushed my fingers into her pussy while I did to her asshole what I'd done to her cunt. Anywhere I could taste her skin, anywhere I could search her with my tongue, I went. Every inch of her ass got sucked and licked. The entire length of her crack, I coated in saliva and sucked dry. I ate her asshole, inside and out. Every minute or so, I pulled my fingers out of her pussy and sucked on them. She came hard.

I stood up, looking down at her perfect little body. "Thank you, Samantha," I huffed, "You have no idea how much I needed that."

I walked to the head, cleaned my face, washed my hands, and headed for the door.

Glashing had slid off the bed and was laying on the floor in a fetal position. She mumbled something as I left.

I needed to get back to my company headquarters, see if the faxes from Headquarters, Marine Corps had come in. I needed to type up Bundt's confession letter and come back here for her to sign it. I needed to eat—for real—and sleep.

No time for that. It was 2030 hrs when I made it to my company headquarters. The place was empty, but the note on my desk said that no fax had come in, yet. Shit.

I raided the Company XO's office for food. Found a granola bar. Ate it in two bites. Then, I spent 15 minutes typing up Bundt's confession and printing it off.

I drove back to 10th Marines.

When I handed Bundt the pen, she hesitated.

"Shall I call the MPs, Bundt?"

She signed it. I left. My stomach felt like there was a hole in it, but I needed to see Highrider.

She didn't pop up to attention when I came in. She laid on her rack under the blanket, morose and destroyed.

She didn't look at me when she spoke. "Are the MPs coming for me, sir?"

"No. I'm going to try to save your ass, Highrider. I like you," I said, "But you need to get off your ass and show me some respect when I enter your room."

Her eyes went wide and she smiled. She threw the blanket off and snapped up at attention in her bathrobe.

"At ease."

She ran to me, hugged, and kissed me. I let her. She must have said "Thank you, sir" twenty times while she did it. I gently pushed her away.

She looked at me and said, "Sir, you look tired."

"I am, but I wanted to put your mind at ease first." She smiled, and I continued. "Bundt signed a confession—one that doesn't name you, so you're okay. She's the one I'm after, and I'll recommend her for admin sep. I'm recommending you and Glashing for transfer. I'll try to get you both closer to home. Thing is, I haven't gotten any confirmation from HQMC, yet. And, of course, the General has to approve."

She hugged me again, and then she began to unbuckle my belt.

"No. Take off your bathrobe, and lay on the bed."

I took off my shirt and watched her slip the bathrobe off and lay down. Her big tits sat there, waiting. I climbed between her legs and immediately began to suck on her nipple. I was gentle, but insistent and unrelenting. I knew nothing would come out—there was no nourishment to be had—but I drew upon it like it was filling me up.

With my knees, I pushed her legs apart and rubbed on her. I slipped fingers inside the slit and felt the flow of her fluids commence. When my fingers were drenched, I slid them inside her.

Again, I didn't spend any effort gauging her reaction. I knew she was enjoying it, but I didn't care. I just wanted her nipple. I was methodical—sucking, sucking, fingers in, fingers out.

She came, her hands grasping my head. I rose up and switched nipples. She gasped, "Oh, my."

With her other nipple, I was equally gentle, but I varied what I did with my mouth. Sometimes I licked; sometimes I sucked the nipple. Sometimes I kissed it; sometimes I sucked the flesh around the nipple. The entire tit belonged to my tongue, lips, and mouth. 

With my fingers, I let her juices lubricate my thumb. I put my index and middle fingers in her pussy, and I wiggled my thumb against her asshole until it crept inside her. Highrider said something. Maybe "easy" was one of the words. I don't know.

I wasn't forceful. I was soft, but unyielding. I could only remember a few times that I'd been more hungry. Highrider's tits bore the burden of my appetite. 

When she came again, I released her, moved her to the side, and laid on the bed next to her. She rubbed my head, whispering words of praise and pleasure in my ear.

I rolled on my back. Highrider unfastened my trousers and pulled them down to my boots. She climbed over me.

She said something about me being good to her and how she was going to be good to me. She reached behind her ass, grabbed my cock, and aligned it with her asshole. She sat back against it, and when it penetrated her, she grunted. Once she had about half of it inside her, she leaned forward and let her tit fall on my lips.

I clutched it and sucked. She gyrated her hips, sliding her asshole up and down the upper end of my cock. I didn't do anything but grip that fat breast and suck on it. I let her fuck me.

She moaned and panted. I knew I was ready when I started flexing my ass in order to thrust—just a little—into her.

When the pulsing began, I latched onto her nipple and engulfed it, sucking so hard my cheeks collapsed under my teeth. Highrider hollered; I grunted and pushed hard into her. Then, my cum fired up into her asshole in rapid bursts. 

I let her tit out of my mouth, breathing through gritted teeth as I came. Fuck, it felt good—her little asshole's tight clasp around my shaft. When it ended, she slowly let my cock out. Cum flowed out of her and coated my balls in semen.

I blew out a breath and asked, "Do you still love cum?"

She nodded.

I said, "Prove it."

She scooted down the bed, and I closed my eyes. I felt her tongue on my balls. The tip drug along them, hardened, and tilted up in order to scoop up the semen. I felt her lips attach to my scrotum as if she were kissing it, open mouthed. Then she licked all over and up the shaft. She lifted my balls with her fingers and licked underneath them. She sucked on each testicle. She licked the cum off my pubic hairs. When I felt her climb back up to me, I opened my eyes.

She was smiling.

"Thank you, Highrider," I said, and I sat up. "I have to go finish my report now."

I cleaned up in the head. I kissed her on the neck before I left. 

"Thank you, sir," she said. She looked like she was waiting for me to tell her when I'd be back. I didn't say anything. I closed and locked the door.
