 I called my buddy from 1/8 when I got back to my quarters. I explained the situation to him, omitting the fact that I fucked around with both of them, cumming down Glashing's throat and up Highrider's ass.

He said, "Look, there's a reason why they assign lieutenants to some cases and captains and majors to others."

"Go on," I said.

"Well, they assign guys like us to cases that they think are either no brainers, too easy to screw up, or to ones where they can use their rank to intimidate us into the recommendation they want."

I agreed, "Right. In my case, they want an admission from the women and a recommendation for admin sep for both."

"Exactly. Quick and done."

"And not messy. General Buck doesn't want his division embarrassed," I added.

"Yeah. So, what are you going to do?" he asked.

"I don't know. Like I said: I don't think they're lesbians. This was a first time for them and they were both intoxicated and horny, I guess."

He said, "The homosexual thing—that's only the start of your problems, my friend. It's the misconduct reports. They're the killers. They both lied on a formal report. It's brig time for both of them."

"Division will fucking hate that."

He agreed. "It doesn't make the problem go away; it makes it even bigger."

"Shit."

"Look, man, they did the crime. Save your own ass and send them to the brig," he urged.

I looked at my watch—it was late.

I thanked him and hung up, and then I raced to the office.

When I got there, I went to the company clerk's desk and fired up the computer, an old IBM with a disk drive. If computers are cars, the thing was a fucking '58 Ford Edsell. I spent about three hours searching through DOS folders for orders, policies, and regulations before I found what I was looking for. Maybe it was a way through this thing. I printed it off—two copies.

I typed up four documents—two sets of near identical twins—and printed them off, too. The clock was ticking. I raced back to 10th Marines and rapped on Glashing's door first, and then I went in.

She was up and at attention, but looking tired. 

"At ease, Glashing. It's me."

"Sir?"

"Sign this," I said, handing her one of the documents I made and a pen.

She read it. "But, sir, it's been..."

"Sign it now. I'm trying to save your ass, Lance Corporal."

"Sir, did Highrider tell the truth?"

"She did."

Glashing blew a sigh of relief and signed it.

"Good girl," I said, and I pulled her to me. We kissed hard with our lips and tongues.

"See you again soon, Glashing." I left for Highrider's room.

When I stepped into her room, she was still sleeping. I stood at the threshold and slammed my palm against the door. She shot out of her rack and stood at attention.

"It's me, Highrider. At ease." She relaxed. "I've got something for you to sign."

"What is it, sir?" She trudged over, rubbing her eyes. 

"It's going to help me help you. Sign it."

"Aye, aye, sir," she said, She took the pen and signed it. Then she asked, "What did Glashing tell you, sir?"

"Just what you told me." 

She smiled. "Thank you, sir."

I smiled at her. "Come here."

She did, and I grabbed her tit with one hand and cupped her ass with the other. I kissed her neck.

"See you later, Highrider." I left and drove back to the company office. I started writing my report. It was 0400hrs when I went back to my quarters and crashed for two hours.

First thing, I raced back to 10th Marines and went to 1stSgt Wolverton's office. 

"How'd it go, sir?" 

"Good," I said, handing him the signed documents. "These were given to me last night by both of them."

He took them and read them. "Sir, can they even do this?"

"Yes, there's a time limit, but they can. They were given to me before the clock expired on their reports. Here's the regs." I handed him another printed sheet. "It's under Roman numeral four, subsection C."

He found it and read it. "Damn, sir. You're right." He handed it back to me, and then looked over the two signed documents. He shook his head, "But, sir, they were locked in. How could they have possibly..."

"First Sergeant, I'm trying to make this go away. Help me."

He eyed me momentarily, and then said, formally, "I was in receipt of these two documents at the times mentioned." He signed them both and handed them to me.

"Thanks, First Sergeant."

He got up. "Excuse me, sir, but I have to brief the CO on this."

"Right, but please tell him that nothing changes. The investigation is ongoing, and the Division insists that they remain in their current off-duty status. Colonel Stick's barracks restriction, too."

"Yes, sir." We both left his office, heading separate ways.

I returned to my company office, kicked the clerk off the computer, and continued writing my report. I worked for about an hour before one of the battalion runners, sent by the XO, came looking for me.

"Sir, the Division Adjutant would like to see you right now."

"Shit," I said. "On my way."

Ten minutes later, I was waiting outside the Adjutant's office. He called me in.

I stood at attention and reported.

He did not put me at ease. "Are you fucking this up, Lieutenant?"

So, the First Sergeant told his CO, and then it went all the way up the chain of command to the Division Adjutant. Took a little over an hour. Geez. "No, sir."

"I'm hearing things. They don't give me confidence."

"I've got the ball, sir. I'll put it across the goal line." 

"You know I can't ask about this investigation or try to influence you."

"Yes, sir. Trust me, sir. I've got a plan."

"I hope to fuck you do, Lieutenant, because if General Buck doesn't like what he sees, the shit is coming down on your head. My people write orders. I can have you transferred out of your infantry regiment and put you in command of cleaning the fucking heads in the base brig, understand that?"

"Yes, sir."

He looked me over and then said, "At ease."

I relaxed a little.

"What do you need from me?" he asked.

I asked him to help me get a phone number and a point of contact at Headquarters, Marine Corps. Then, I asked him to use his influence to help me talk to people there who were willing to help.

He agreed.

I said, "Thank you, sir." 

"Do you know why I'm trusting you, Lieutenant?"

"No, sir."

"What's the only way to know if someone is trustworthy?" he asked.

I thought about it.

He answered before I came up with anything. "It's to trust them. Got it?"

"Yes, sir."

I rolled on back to the office, and I made my calls.

Two hours—and a hell of a lot of time being put on hold—later, I hung up the phone and had the company clerk type up two documents and fax them to Headquarters, Marine Corps.

I followed up the fax with another call. Bastards put me on hold again. Eventually, I confirmed that my fax was received. The final part was for them to send a fax back to me. I asked the company clerk to keep checking for me, and I left.

I was hungry as hell and tired. I whipped through a fast food joint and ate back in my quarters. I fell asleep on my couch with the tv on. When I woke up, it was 3:00pm. I called the clerk, but nothing had come in, yet.

I called 1stSgt Wolverton and asked him to inform Highrider that I would be returning for a second interview in the afternoon. He asked about Glashing, but I told him I was going to do that one a little later. He confirmed that they would be available and undisturbed.

I drove to 10th Marines.

Back in Highrider's room, I put her at ease.

"Sir, may I ask how things are going with your report to the General?"

"I'm doing everything I can, but let's talk details later. Come here."

"Aye, aye, sir," she said, and she walked to me. She pulled off her glasses. I kissed her and took off my cammie shirt; she did, too. I cupped her fat tits.

"I can't stop thinking about you, Highrider." This was untrue; it was Glashing I couldn't stop thinking about.

"Me, too, sir," she said.

"How are you doing?" I kissed her neck and she rubbed my cock through my pants.

"Sore, sir."

"What?"

"My butt, sir, from last night," she said with a shy grin.

"Oh? Let me see."

She turned around and began unbuckling her trousers. Then, she pulled down her pants and panties. Her ass was in my face.

"Bend over, Highrider."

"Aye, aye, sir," she said, and she did.

I pulled her cheeks apart. She did, in fact, look a bit raw. "Wait," I said, and I walked into the head. I rifled through the cabinet and drawers until I found something. I went back to her.

She had an aloe vera lotion, and I gathered some on my fingers and gently massaged it in and around her asshole.

"Better?"

"Yes, sir. Thank you."

"What do you want me to do, Highrider?"

"Will you please lick and fuck my pussy, sir?"

I tugged her pants down further, and I leaned in, putting my tongue inside her slit. She was already beginning to get wet. 

One thing about Highrider that I had actually been thinking about was how hot and sopping wet she'd been. I never even knew a woman's fluids could be so voluminous that they would run down and lubricate her asshole, as had been the case last night.

I had to tilt my head back and push my jaw forward to get an angle on Highrider's clit, but once I had it, her fluids really began to flow. I was glad she didn't taste bad. I got a mouthful. She was moaning, and the feel of her steaming wet pussy on my tongue convinced me I needed to fuck her.

I stood up, dropped my trousers, and put my cock against her. I drug the tip up and down her slit and, instantly the head of my cock was shining with her lubrication. I slid in easily, and her warmth was thrilling. I held her hips and pounded into her. 

Already well-prepared by my tongue, Highrider came in just a few minutes. She cried out, leaned forward onto her bed, and absorbed the shock of my cock's assault. When she quieted down, I pulled out of her.

I sat down on the bed and put her between my legs.

"Highrider, yesterday you told me you liked giving blowjobs, but were afraid to swallow cum."

"Yes, sir."

"You went through Marine Corps boot camp, Lance Corporal. Why are you afraid?"

"I did it once, sir, and I didn't like the taste."

"The taste? Do you think I ate your pussy for the taste?"

"No, sir."

"No, I ate you because I love pussy."

"Yes, sir."

"I want you to swallow my cum because you love cock."

"Yes, sir."

"Think you can do it?"

"I'll try, sir."

She bent over my dick, opened her lips, and took me in. She bobbed a few times before coming off and saying, "I can taste my pussy on you, sir."

I nodded and brought her head back to my cock.

Her blowjob was good, but nowhere close to Glashing's. I liked the idea that Highrider didn't like cum, but that I was going to feed it to her anyways. In fact, I was driven by the idea that she was going to swallow it. I held the back of her head. "When I cum, I'm going to hold you on my cock," I told her, "and I'm not going to let you go until I feel and hear you swallow it."

She nodded an acknowledgment and hummed twice. I guess that was "Yes, sir" in blowjobese. I almost started laughing.

Feeling a little bit bad for her, I added, "We're going to get over this fear, Highrider, because you love cock."

Then, being a dick, I added, "Don't you?"

She hummed twice again, and this time, I really did have to suppress a laugh. I wondered how she would respond if I asked her to recite her sixth fucking general order.

"When I let you go, I want you to show me so I can see it's all in your tummy."

"Hmm, hmm." 

Ha! But, I needed to shut the fuck up so that I could cum.

I concentrated on feeling her mouth on me. I repeated in my head the words "I'm going to feed her my cum." Watching her head rise and fall, guided by my hand, I decided to try something.

"Deeper, Highrider," I said, and I slowed her down and urged her deeper with my hand. She gained a half inch, and I began to squeeze the muscle in my cock. I felt the head fatten and expand in her mouth. Then, I let her go.

"Good. Again," I said. I pushed her down. She gained another half inch before I heard her choke, and I let her go. "Take a breath."

She came off my cock, and said, "Aye, aye, sir." Her choke had trigged a significant flow of saliva, and it showed on her face and my dick.

I took her head and brought her back down. I flexed myself and I helped her gain more and more. I stopped her before the point of gagging. I'm going to feed her my cum, I thought. Then it started.

She made to bob up, but I held her. "Get ready, " I grunted. "Don't spill any."

I felt her lips tighten around the shaft and that was it. I'm going to feed her my cum. The flexing became involuntary. I felt it most in the tip of my cock. It didn't feel like I was drawing up the cum from deep. The sensation was more like it started high on the shaft and my contractions were merely cutting segments in a long stream of cum. 

Either way, it filled her mouth. When I finished grunting, Highrider's cheeks sucked in, and I felt her tongue draw up. Then, I heard it, deep in her throat. She swallowed, and afterwards a rush of air blew along the shaft from her nose. She swallowed again, and then her lips began letting my dick emerge.

Highrider sat back, gasping after my cock sprang out from her lips.

"Was it so bad?" I asked.

"No, sir. Better than before."

I nodded, stood up, and went to the head to clean up. When I came out a minute later, Highrider was dressing.

I said, "You asked before about how things were going."

"Yes, sir."

"Well, actually, I've made good progress. Everything seems to be in order. Did you want to add anything to my report or something? Something you remembered, but forgot to mention before?"

"No, sir. I just woke up and freaked out when I saw her there. Glashing, I mean, with me in bed."

"Right. That's what you said before."

"Does she hate me?"

"I don't think so. Have to ask her."

"It wasn't supposed to, you know, I didn't mean for that to happen. Me freaking out."

"Right. Maybe you'll get a chance to talk to her about it sometime," I said, "But, I've got to go. Tons of work to do to finish this up."

"Yes, sir. Thank you, sir."

I nodded, kissed her on the neck, and left. I had just gotten a blowjob, and I should have felt amazing. Yet, something unsettled me. It was what Highrider had said after I asked her if she wanted to add anything—the content and the choice of words. They were odd.

But, I was certain that seeing Glashing again would help. I walked around the catwalk to her room. I knocked, identified myself, and unlocked her door.

She was standing at attention when I locked and shut the door behind me.

I said, "At ease," and Glashing walked directly over to me and we kissed. It was fucking beautiful.

She broke the kiss and said, "I've been waiting all day for that, sir."

"Me, too."

Glashing smiled and kissed me again. Her right hand rubbed on my crotch, and she said, "Please let me swallow it again, sir?"

I glanced over at the blinds on the window. They seemed open. I gestured to them and said, "Make sure we have more privacy."

She looked. "Oh, sir, they're okay. Everyone in the barracks knows how to set them just right so we can see out, but nobody can see in."

I smiled and Glashing asked, "After I suck it, will you fuck me with it, sir?"

I nodded and Glashing got on her knees and began to unbuckle me. I looked at the blinds, and then I grabbed Glashing's shoulder, stopping her.

"Sir?" she asked.

"Stop," I said, and I was puzzling out why I cared about those blinds. They were like an alarm in my head, those blinds. I thought of Highrider's words. Shit.

"Sir, what's wrong?"

"Shit. Shit!" I pulled Glashing up, thinking hard. "What time did you get up on Tuesday morning?"

"0615 or so, sir."

"Is that normal when morning formation is at 0800?"

"No, but it was Highrider pushing and yelling that woke me up."

I nodded. Shit. "At the party, the night before, did Highrider spend most of her time with you?"

"No, sir."

"Who was she with?"

"Mostly Corporal Bundt," she said.

"I never talked to her. Bundt, you said?"

Glashing nodded. "What's wrong, sir?"

"Maybe nothing. Just a feeling," I said, "but, I've got to go. I need to ask Highrider something."

"Sir!"

"I promise I'll be back."

I made sure I looked squared-away and left. Glashing stood there, stunned, as I closed the door and locked it.

I went over to Glashing and Highrider's old barracks room. I looked in the window. The blinds were open just enough for me to see Highrider's old bed. Shit. I went into the room and called 1stSgt Wolverton. 

"What's up, sir?" he asked.

"First Sergeant, has anyone been inside Highrider and Glashing's old room since they got moved?"

"No, sir. The clerk and I oversaw their move out. I inspected it and locked it up."

"Did anyone touch or change anything do you think?" I asked.

"No, sir."

"Thanks." I hung up and walked back to Highrider's room. I raced through the questions I wanted to ask, and decided on the one I wanted to start with.

She was surprised to see me. The look on my face maybe surprised her even more. Her hair was wet, and she was in a bathrobe.

"I need your absolute honesty now, Highrider, or you are fucked. What did you and Corporal Bundt talk about the night of the barracks party?"

The look on her face: terror. She didn't say a word.

"For fuck's sake, right now! Tell me!"

Her words came out in a fearful burst: "Glashing, sir! We talked about Glashing!"

"You tweaked the blinds in your old room, didn't you, so someone could see inside?"

Her face turned red and her little freckles vanished. "Yes, sir."

"Corporal Bundt watched you with Glashing?"

She nodded.

"She threatened you somehow? Then you freaked?"

"No, sir."

"What?" This investigation was fucked. "Tell me everything. Now," I ordered.