 I was at the company's Christmas party, standing by myself near the bar. As I'd come down from one of the regional offices for the weekend, there weren't many faces I recognised. I looked over to the other side of the room and saw a group of women standing together chatting. One of them stood out - she wore a deep blue skirt with matching silk blouse. She had shoulder length ash-blonde hair and looked absolutely gorgeous. She also looked a little bored - she wasn't joining in the conversation much and seemed out of place.

I made my way over towards her, wondering how to get her attention. As I approached, I saw that her glass was empty. She had drifted away from the group of women a little, so I came up to her and asked "Want another drink?"

"That would be lovely! White wine, please."

I went to the bar and came back with two glasses of wine. We sat down at a table together. Being so much closer, I could see bright blue eyes twinkling and full lips, inviting to be kissed. "Are you with the Head Office crowd?" I asked, trying to be nonchalant.

"No - I'm here because my husband works with the company," she replied, waggling her ring finger at me.

"Where is he, then?" I asked.

"Oh - he's off with his cronies in the other bar. When there are free drinks all night, I won't see him until morning. It probably won't be long before they start another endless poker game. And what about you?" She looked pointedly at the ring on my finger.

"I'm here by myself. I work in one of the regional offices and my wife didn't want to come all the way down here to spend a night with people she doesn't know."

"Ah!"

Our conversation paused for a few moments and we sipped at our drinks. I was trying hard not to stare at her face, or her figure which was well-defined by her outfit. Then the DJ played a slow smoochy number.

"Fancy a dance?" I asked - trying my luck.

"Love to" came back the swift answer.

We got up and made our way to the dance floor. She put her arms around my neck and I placed mine on her hips and we started to sway together. After a few moments, she pulled me closer and rested her head on my shoulder. I could smell her perfume and the close presence of her body was causing me to react. I could feel my prick harden and tried to think innocent thoughts. I hoped that she couldn't feel my reaction to her closeness, but the way she pulled closer and began to gently rub herself against my prick told me she was all too aware of what had happened. If I could have been in any doubt, her next action settled things completely. She lifted her head from my shoulder and gently nibbled at my neck. I guess she must have felt how my prick jumped at this, for she sighed happily and returned her head to my shoulder, exposing her neck invitingly. I dropped my head and returned the neck-nibbles, kissing her soft neck gently. She pulled me closer still and continued rubbing against me. I dropped one hand from her hip and lightly stroked my fingers across her buttock. The invitation to go further seemed obvious but I wasn't sure how to make the suggestion.

The music ended. As we walked from the dance floor, I turned to her: "Er - would you like to go somewhere quieter?"

She looked at me with a sly smile. "What have you got in mind?"

"Well - remember I said I'd come down from a regional office? I'm not going back this evening - I've got a room booked upstairs. We could go there."

"That sounds heavenly - what are we waiting for?"

We walked from the hall hand in hand. I looked around nervously but I couldn't see anyone who would have known me. We made our way to the lift - with me feeling glad that my jacket was hiding the bulge in my trousers. We got in the lift and I pressed the button for the third floor.

"What a shame" she said huskily. "I was kind of hoping that we might have to spend a longer time in the lift."

Even though the journey to floor three was so brief, by the time the doors opened, we were engaged in a heavy, tongue-swapping, kiss. We walked along the corridor arm in arm until we came to my room. I unlocked the door, entered and turned on the light.

"Ugh! That's a bit bright!" She muttered.

I crossed to the bedside, switched on the small lamp there and turned off the overhead light.

"Mmmm - much better!"

I switched on the TV and changed channels to a radio station that was playing non-stop smoochy music. We came together again and recommenced our dancing, but with fewer inhibitions. I cupped her buttocks and pulled her to me as she blatantly rubbed herself against my hard prick. As we kissed, I brought one hand round to stroke the side of her breast, feeling the smoothness of her blouse and the warm curves underneath. I let my hand drift across until I could feel the hard button of her nipple. Using the nail of my thumb, I flipped it up and down and got the response I had been hoping for. Her nipple grew harder and a low moan escaped from her lips.

I pulled out of the kiss and looked at her. "I don't even know your name."

"So what? I don't know yours. Do we need to know names? Tomorrow you'll be back with your wife and I'll be with my husband and we won't see each other again. Tonight is just about us - so let's not worry about names."

To stop all further discussion on the matter, she kissed me again - letting her tongue invade my mouth. At the same time, her hand came round to the front of my trousers. She undid them and pulled down the zip. Reaching in, she grasped my prick in her warm hand and began a slow, steady wanking motion.

Realising that we had long passed the point of no return, I brought both hands to her blouse. I undid the buttons and removed it, tossing it onto the chair by the desk. Her bra quickly followed, and then I lifted both breasts in my hands and felt their weight and warmth. I gently squeezed and caressed them, before dropping my head and placing one firm nipple in my mouth. I sucked it vigorously for a while, before flicking it swiftly and repeatedly with my tongue. I was so engrossed in paying attention to her breasts that I barely noticed that she had removed my jacket, shirt and tie. She rubbed her hands over my chest, scraping my nipples with her long, painted finger nails.

Leaving her breasts for a moment, I reached down and lifted her skirt. I slid my hand up the back of her leg, feeling the silky stocking and then the sudden move to bare flesh near the top. Continuing upwards, I found her bare buttock - and realised she was wearing a thong. I cupped and squeezed her soft mound - evoking yet more murmers of pleasure from her lips, which were now busy at my nipples.

Getting increasingly desperate, I unzipped her skirt and let it fall to the ground. I then undid her suspender belt and slid her stockings down her legs, one by one, until she stood before me only in her dark blue thong. In return, she slid my trousers down my ankles, followed by my underpants. I broke away for a moment to slip off my shoes and socks and to get free from the rest of my clothing. Then I came to her again and let her grasp my hard, long prick again - now free of all clothing. Once more she began to wank me. In return, I placed my hand between her legs and felt the smoothness of the material covering her cunt. As I rubbed her thong, I could feel the damp patches, telling me that she was as turned on as I was. Sliding my hand inside, I reached down and felt the wet opening. I slid my finger inside and began finger-fucking her, but knew that I wanted much more very soon.

I pushed her onto the bed and slowly pulled her thong down, exposing a bush of curly blonde hair and a juicy slit. Throwing the discarded thong over my shoulder, I bent down, opened her legs and placed my mouth over her warm cunt. I let my tongue explore greedily, encouraged by the moans and groans coming from her mouth. After a few minutes of this, she pulled my head away from her cunt and lifted me up.

"Fuck me - fuck me now! I want your prick in me. I want to feel you filling me - fucking me - pounding me"

I needed no further urging. I slid up her body until I covered her. Her hands went to my prick and pulled it urgently to her cunt. I slid deep into her and we groaned together at the joy of coupling. Slowly we began to move together, finding the right way to move our bodies to bring the greatest satisfaction to each other. Both already on the edge of orgasms, we didn't take long to build up speed until I was pounding her in the way she had asked. Despite my best intentions to hold off cuming until she did, my self-control had gone. I cried out loud as my sperm shot into her. Again and again I thrust deep into her cunt, feeling sperm shoot out with every movement. Somehow I managed to keep up the momentum and was rewarded by her cries of ecstasy. Her back arched in spasms of joy and she gave a long low moan of pleasure.

Gradually our movements subsided until we came to a rest. We lay together, still joined by prick and cunt, for a while. Then I slid out of her and lay at her side. I wrapped my arm around her as she snuggled into my chest. We lay silently for some time - our breathing gradually coming back to normal.

She was the first to break the silence.

"Wow. Bloody amazing."

"Mmmm" I still wasn't 100% sure if I had recovered the skill of speaking.

"I have to say that this is without doubt the best company Christmas party I have ever attended."

"So - going to come again next year?" I asked

"Abso-fucking-lutely! But next year, it's MY turn to choose the fantasy, OK?"

"Abso-fucking-lutely, my love!"

She stood up and faced me, her breasts swinging gently and her open cunt still clearly visible amid a mass of tangled pubic hair.

"Now then, I'm going to go and have a shower. And if some mysterious handsome stranger should walk in and begin to soap my back - well I just don't know what I'll do..."