 I hope you enjoy this story and I look forward to your feedback!! Don't forget to vote! - Jack

*****

The streetlights glimmered off the wet pavement as Jake and Katie drove through the city. Another Christmas party over and done with! Done with the boring introductions to people neither really cared about. Jake and Katie didn't like Christmas parties all that much because most were boring obligations. Katie liked looking at all the elegant gowns the women wore but she hated tuxedos, as they never showed what a woman wanted so see … a nice butt, a broad chest or strong arms! She allowed her head to lean back in the seat still feeling mildly light headed from the open bar. She watched the streetlights pass by overhead and fondly remembered the evening. Her damp panties reminding her of Kevin.

She thought back and realized that this party was different than others they had been to. The company was done with a huge project and it was very successful. As a result, the HR department went all out by renting the entire Air and Space Museum! As an added bonus, their neighbors, Kevin and June, were also there because Jake had gotten June a job in engineering the previous month.

Jake and Katie had arrived at 7:30 and parked in the garage under the Air and Space Museum. There were others parking at the same time and Katie took notice of the lovely evening gowns they wore. As they got into the cramped elevator, it struck Katie as funny that all these fancily dressed people were crammed into this tiny bland gray garage elevator! She squeezed Jake's hand as his corporate parties always made her nervous and she didn't want to make a fool of herself and ruin her husband's chances climbing the corporate ladder!

They entered the foyer and the view was breathtaking. Beautiful airplanes of various vintages hung from the ceiling everywhere. There was the Spirit of St. Louis that Charles Lindbergh flew across the Atlantic and the X1 that Chuck Yeager set faster than sound speed records in and many many more. To Katie's left was a Soviet missal that was so big it started below the floor and rose up to the ceiling of the enormous facility!

"Looks like a giant penis, doesn't it" remarked a woman to her husband as they walked by Katie. The woman giggled when she realized that Katie had overheard her.

Katie looked around and Jake was gone. "Where the hell had he gone to?" she asked herself. 

She took stock of the women around her. As much as she didn't want to make a fool out of herself for her husband's career sake, she also didn't want any woman thinking that Jake didn't have something good to come home to. The women were all dressed provocatively craving the attention of the male species or at least to look better than their female counterparts.

There was the older woman at the bar. She had brown hair with strategically placed gray streaks. Her backless gown showed some of her best assets – her lovely shoulder blades and nice butt. The gown was high on her neck in the front and Katie realized that the poor woman had no bust to match her sweet ass. "Too bad!" Katie thought catily.

There was the twenty-something year old clinging onto the divorced fifty year old vice president. "What a pair!" she thought. Though he was 50, he was extraordinarily good looking. It was obvious that he spent more time in front of the mirror than most women! His date looked somewhat store-bought. Her thick, long bottle blonde hair flowed down to her shoulders swinging out casually. Her light brown eyebrows showed her real hair color, but even that was probably fake. Her gown was light blue but very attractive next to her tanning-bed toned skin. Naturally, her teeth were perfectly straight and she wore natural pearls around her neck. Katie giggled when she looked at the woman's arms versus the size of her breasts. The woman's arms were anorexic and her breasts were huge! Silicone had replaced diamonds as a girl's best friend!

"What bra size?" asked Jake as he snuck up beside his wife.

Katie pretended to not know what he was talking about and feigned ignorance, "My dear" she said with a fake British Royalty accent, "I know not what you speak of!"

"Her tits, honey!" he said quietly "they're enormous"

Katie giggled at her husband's lack of candor. "They're double d's, but she isn't wearing a bra, so there really isn't any size at all!"

Jake hugged her and gave her a kiss on the neck whispering "I like my wife with her mother of 3 body!"

He meant it as a compliment, but Katie didn't take it that way and sent him off to get them some drinks. Katie thought about her body and the 3 children it had pumped out and breast fed. She tried to keep in shape, but chasing and carting kids around all day is just not meant to keep a woman in good shape. Thankfully, Katie knew what clothes to buy and how to wear them to take advantage of her considerable assets. Her breasts were big and full and had never returned to their original size after breastfeeding the 2nd child. Her hips were full and though her stomach wasn't flat, it wasn't fat either. No, she would never fit back into her college days clothes, but then again, she loved having big breasts. 

Jake returned with a scotch and soda followed by Kevin and June. Hugs and kisses were exchanged and June was nice enough to remark how nicely Katie's dress fit her. Katie returned the compliment but wondered why June would wear a short red mini skirt to a semi formal affair. On the other hand, June certainly had the body for it.

As Katie thought it, June tugged on the bottom of her skirt, pulling it down some. The guys were talking "guy talk" and June intimated to Katie "I don't know why the hell I wore this thing. Kevin loves it, but it is damn uncomfortable"

Katie slugged a gulp of her drink "Guys want you to look good, but check out what they wear? Suits and tuxedos! They reveal nothing while we parade around here with our chests heaving and our legs bared!"

They both giggled and Katie got an idea of how much June had been drinking at the open bar already. She was holding onto Katie's arm to steady herself.

It didn't matter. Soon the 4 of them were getting more drinks at the bar and exploring the cavernous confines of the museum. There was a Star Wars exhibit and lots of information on the moon landing. There was a band playing on the first floor and while some danced, most of the engineering crew found it useful to get away from dancing and into some of the more geeky exhibits. 

The night wore on and Katie continued to feed on her husband's seemingly innocent comment "I like my wife with her mother of 3 body!" She watched carefully as he chatted with the women he worked with and especially June. It was the way he treated June that got her more and more irritated. He ran and got her drinks, he touched her arm tenderly when they talked. He whispered to her and let his lips just brush against her ear.

Katie saw Kevin leave the group to get himself another drink. She caught up and ordered a double with a smile. When they turned, Jake and June were already gone.

Katie chuckled. This seemed like a nice opportunity to have some fun. She tugged on Kevin's arm and pulled him toward one of the darker exhibits. It showed the insides of a rocket engine and had different parts that lit up. The exhibit was almost empty and it was easy for Katie to find a private corner where she pretended to read about the liquid fuels used in the rocket. Kevin was right behind her obviously wondering why she, the non-geek, would be so interested in something like rocket fuel.

Katie gulped her drink and put the glass down. "Cutie, would you be a sweetheart and stand here and make sure no one is coming?"

Kevin looked around but stood where she asked. "Sure, why?"

Katie reached her hands behind her back and unfastened her bra. "This bra is so uncomfortable" she called out knowing that he could see her from the mirror beside him. "It's the wires … it's almost like this bra is pushing them up too much."

She slipped her arms from the dress and pulled her bra off releasing her mammoth breasts to fall free in front of her. "Ahhhh, that is so much better". She saw him looking at her through the mirror and she grasped her tits and gently squeezed them together. "I think this bra is a size too small and it really cramps my style". She pulled her tits out and hefted them and held them out in front of her. Katie twirled her nipples and pulled on them and noticed that Kevin adjusted his pants.

She put her breasts back inside her dress but left two of her dress buttons unbuttoned revealing much more cleavage and for those with a keen eye, much more nipple too. Katie came up behind Kevin and hugged him getting a good feel of his young, muscular ass. "What do you think?" she said coyly.

"Oh, you are incredible" he stammered. 

She smiled brightly while he took a gulp of his drink and she glanced down at the generous bulge in his pants.

"Y'know, my little man, I'm not saying I want to have sex with you" she hesitated because she DID want to have sex with him " … but I am saying that if a young man like you wanted to lick or suck my tits, I would let him …"

Kevin's jaw dropped. Katie smiled and easily released her tits from her dress. Kevin leaned forward while Katie lifted her left tit to his mouth. He sucked in her nipple and hummed the end of it, twirling it with his tongue. She lifted the second tit to him and sucked and licked. He was really getting into it and her hand had wandered down to his waist to feel his thickness when they heard voices coming around to their part of the exhibit. Thinking quickly, she dropped her tits, reached up and grabbed Kevin's face in her hands and kissed him. Their embrace hid her naked upper body and the way they exchanged tongues, the couple making their way through the rocket fuel exhibit hurried along. As Katie continued sucking Kevin's tongue, she heard the woman say to the man "Wasn't that Jake's wife?"

They both heard it.

"Oh no! What have I done?" she thought.

"You'd better get dressed" Kevin offered as she had already slipped one tit into her dress and quickly put the other in too.

"I don't know what to do" She put her hand on Kevin's arm. "I've made a big mistake. I'm so sorry. It's not your fault or anything, you just looked so good, I wanted to have you. Oh shit, now I'm just babbling!" She started to walk off.

"Wait!" Kevin grabbed Katie's arm. "I ummm really liked what we did there. You are fantastic. You're just so, just so hot! But, I know that we can't continue. Let's not end it like this, though. Let's at least go back together as if nothing happened. If we go back separately, then people will know something is odd."

Katie grinned at his compliment. She leaned toward him and put her hand on the bulge in his pants and stroked him. "Sweetie, maybe someday I'll suck this for you, just not today" and with a giggle, she grabbed his arm and pulled him out of the Rocket Fuel exhibit. 

They rejoined the rest of the party and Kevin continued to drink heavily while Katie had curtailed her drinking so as not to make another mistake. June and Jake finally returned to the group. Katie saw that June paid no attention to Kevin at all, while she fawned all over Jake. 

June headed to the women's room with her friend Mary and Katie wasn't far behind. Katie relieved herself in the first stall and was about to get up to leave when she heard Mary and June talking about who were the sexiest men at the party.

As June put on her lipstick she said without hesitation, "Jake is cute and I love his chiseled body, but that guy from Accounting is real cute"

"Bob?" asked Mary.

"Yeah, him, I bet he is a great lover." June blotted her lips.

Mary put on some additional eye shadow. "I can't imagine you could even look at another man considering the hunk you're married to!"

June stopped and looked at Mary "You know, sometimes a good looking guy is just a lousy lay!" then she laughed.

Mary smiled "I just can't imagine Kevin as a lousy lay"

June smiled back "He's ok, really. It's just that he is too big down there", she giggled. " .. and he wants to fuck all the time. I get sick of walking around the house like I just got off a horse!"

Mary laughed. "So, how often are we climbing on the horse these days?"

They headed out the door and the last thing Katie heard was June saying "I only let him near me once a month, if he is lucky"

"Oh my god" Katie thought. "The guy only gets it once a month and I just teased the hell out of him!"

She rejoined the group outside and they ate some finger foods while chatting with the Director of software engineering. He stared at her tits while he endlessly talked about how important their latest project was and how important he was in that project. "3 inch dick" she thought as she excused herself. 

Katie thought of Kevin and how horny he must be. Then, she thought of his cock. "Just how big is it?" she wondered.

She noticed that Kevin was getting pretty drunk. She walked near him and whispered "Don't you think that rocket fuel is a very important topic in this day and age?" and she walked to the escalator leading to the Rocket Fuel exhibit.

Katie got there 5 minutes before Kevin. She was beginning to wonder if he was going to show, but he did and with a smile. He sat on a chair and Katie straddled his lap. Quickly, she pulled her tits from her dress and he began licking and sucking. Ohhhh, it felt sooooo good. Kevin slid his hand up her dress along her smooth thigh. He quickly found her panties and pulled the soaked cotton aside. His fingers expertly spread her juicy lips and he slid one digit in while his thumb stroked her hardened clit.

Katie's head tilted back. She couldn't believe the range of feelings that were coursing through her body. His tongue twirling on her tits. His finger slipping and sliding in her hot cunt and his thumb ruthlessly exciting her clit. She felt another finger slide inside her and her knees shivered as her climax quickly swept across her body climbing up from her toes and shaking her to the depths of her spine. She groaned and then lost her balance. 

As drunk as Kevin was, he still caught her and held her up resulting in his face coming to meet hers. 

"Honey" she said with a giggle "I was going to make YOU cum, you weren't supposed to make ME cum!"

Kevin blushed and felt her hands reaching for his pants. "That's ok" he said "I'm fine. I just thought it terrible for me to tease you like that before and leave you without satisfaction." With that said, he walked away while a confused Katie got her clothes assembled back on her body.

As they drove past the tall buildings, Kevin's wife, June, stuck in Jake's memory. She wore a silver gown that was tight at the neck, but backless down to her buttocks. Like most, she wore a bra presented her assets best, but unlike most, her gown showed all of her charms. As she walked, each man in the room got a treat. From behind, her cheeks gently bounced and the top of her crack showed. From the sides, her breasts pushed out as her arms swayed. Finally, from the front, the gown material showed her hardened nipples and the material clung between her thighs. She was a vision to behold. Jake tried to remember every detail.

The car turned a corner and Kevin stuck in Katie's memory. He had such broad shoulders and his confident walk oozed sex. Katie remembered hearing June talking to Mary in the woman's room. 

Katie knew what they were talking about. She had felt it at the rocket fuel exhibit. Katie wanted a better feel, but now, she was riding home with her husband Jake.

Jake clicked on the windshield wipers and stared out at the light traffic. Katie's hand crept across the seat to his crotch and found a pleasant surprise - a hard on. She gently stroked him through his pants and his breathing quickened. She unbuckled her seat belt and slid over to get a better grip. At this point her soaked pussy was begging for relief and sucking Jake was going to be just the beginning.

Pulling Jake's cock out of his pants, the mother of three placed her head on her husband's lap and began sucking. "Can you drive like this?" she asked with a giggle though her mouth was stuffed with cock.

"Sure" was the grunted reply as she sucked more into her mouth.

A few minutes later, Katie removed Jake's cock from her mouth and rubbed it carefully with her hands. Then, he shot his load onto the steering wheel and Katie felt good that she could still get her hubby off with great efficiency. On the other hand, she wished he could have waited and gotten her off, too. Maybe he'd be ready for action when they got home.

Jake zipped up his pants at the red light while Katie cleaned the cum from the dashboard. Looking ahead, he pointed out a car that looked like June's brown Ford. It was, they had a flat and on top of that, they looked too drunk to fix it. Jake pulled in behind them.

Katie waited in the car and watched as Jake talked with both June and Kevin. After a bit, Jake came back to the mini-van. "Are you ok to drive?", Katie nodded. Jake continued, "Why don't you get Kevin or June home while I change the tire and then I'll bring the other home as soon as I'm done"

Katie slid over to the driver's seat and waited to see who was coming with her. The wipers slapped back and forth as Kevin and Jake discussed what was to be done. Apparently, Kevin didn't think he was too drunk to drive and was mad at Jake. Then, he gave in and hopped in the mini-van, soaked. Jake came around the driver's side and gave Katie a quick kiss and a "drive safely" smile and got to work on the tire. 

Katie pulled out into the empty street and headed toward Kevin's home. It wasn't a long drive and Kevin dozed a while as they drove. Katie pulled into the driveway and realized that Kevin was sound asleep. She got him groggily awake and helped him from the car. Kevin's arm dangled around her neck brushing against her breast. She found the spare key in the jar by the door and the two of them stumbled into the foyer. 

Kevin pointed toward the bedroom and apologized for being drunker than he thought. Katie helped him down the hall and onto the bed. He was soaked and now she was pretty wet, too. She looked at the tuxedo. If it didn't get hung up right away, it would be ruined. Katie removed Kevin's shoes and socks and placed them beside the bed. She sat him up and took off the jacket, tie and undid his shirt. 

What a massive chest, she thought. She loved chest hair and Kevin had lots of it. Carefully, Katie undid the belt and then the pants. Finally, she gently lowered the zipper. 

"Come on, hon, lift up your butt, so I can get your pants off . . ." she whispered quietly. 

Kevin did as he was told. Katie avoided looking at his penis as she removed his pants. She hung up the pants, the shirt and the jacket. She was ready to leave, when her curiosity got the best of her. She had to take a peek. Turning and pretending to go to the lamp and turn off the light, she looked over, and then she stared. 

It was off to the side and curved around his leg. Indeed, God had given Kevin either a gift or a curse. With June, he was getting less action than Jake, even though Jake was much smaller. It was both long and thick and clearly dwarfed anything Katie had ever seen before. Katie felt she'd better get out before June and Jake get back. She headed for the door, when she heard a grown from Kevin, then a whisper.

"Don't you want to touch it?" he said quietly, half asleep.

Katie walked over and looked at his face. He was still partially asleep. His eyes were drunken slits. "Please touch it. I need it." he said. 

Katie gingerly reached out and began with a gentle rub on the main shaft. It was soft and pliable. It hardened in her hand and began to extend. Her thumb rubbed the underside and a moan escaped Kevin's lips. "Thank you" soon followed the moan.
