 Chapter 01: The Food Chain

"Eat Me"

Mark stared hungrily at Marlo's naked pussy. Her blonde hair was absent from the swollen mound between her legs, and a small amount of wetness already showed in her slit. She'd just made it clear that if he wanted the chance to bury his cock in her, he would have to first show her he could please her with another tool.

He'd thought this storage room long abandoned until she brought him here without explanation. As ordered he'd undressed quickly and sat in a worn, dusty chair, then watched dumbfounded as she stripped off her shoes, skirt, pantyhose, and panties. He had spent months watching her saunter around the office, but to his pleasant surprise, her long, naked legs were even firmer and shapelier than he had imagined. Then, wordlessly, she laid on her back across the old display table and spread her legs wide, exposing her hungry pussy to him. Now, Mark brought his face over the table edge and to her bare vagina. His nose took in the musky scent of her sex and his already hard cock ached even more. He had never been the patient type, but would make sure he gave her all the foreplay she needed.

First, he ran his tongue up and down the outside of her pussy. No prickly hairs agitated his tongue, a sign that she had just recently trimmed her pubic bush clean. He kissed her gently, once on each side of her opening, and wondered to himself if she had shaven with plans for him.

"I said eat me," Marlo ordered, as her time was precious.

Not wanting to lose his chance with her, he penetrated the bottom of her crevice with just the tip of his tongue. Mindfully, he began to work his way up her slit until she gave a welcomed moan. Then, watching her eyes close and her head tilt back in delight, he stirred his tongue up and down a smaller line until he could trace the small bump of flesh near the top of her sliver. When her legs stiffened around him he knew he'd hit the right spot and began licking her sensitive clit. He knew his first impression would be important and was unwilling to rest until her half-naked body shivered beneath him. Mark wrapped his muscled arms tight around her upper thighs while his tongue swirled and darted her fleshy bump.

She cradled her tits in her arms and swayed her hips back and forth to the rhythm of his oral strokes. She gasped for breath when he pressed the top of his tongue a little harder and twirled her clit around in a clockwise motion. Her heels dug into his back as she felt herself becoming wetter.

Like a swimmer, Mark turned his head just enough to take in a deep breath then plunged back in. She let out an audible groan and he picked up his pace knowing he was drawing her closer to an orgasm. He dug his face deeper into her sex, hoping she would cum hard enough to let him sink his cock inside her.

She could feel her pussy getting hotter as the office worker continued to eat her out. She looked over her heavy breasts and down her flat stomach and watched while he moved his tongue, lips, and chin inside her. She could see his shoulders and biceps swell while his short, dirty blonde hair was turning darker with sweat, and it turned her on even more. Marlo loved watching a man work, especially when he was working to please her. "You like how I taste, don't you?" she posed and wrapped her legs tightly around his neck.

He answered by sweeping his tongue down and up the full length of her slit to add even more of her own wetness to her clit. It had been at least two years since he'd last gone down on a woman, but her pussy tasted better than any he remembered eating. He realized now that cunnilingus was like riding a bike, and it wasn't taking long for him to relearn all the old tricks.

Teeth clenched and her face flushed red with lust, she grabbed the back of his head pushing it down and into her as far as it could go. She thrust her hips back and forth mercilessly while guiding him all around her swollen, little bump with her hand. Finally, as she could feel her passions surging, she grabbed him with both hands and dug her heels into his back.

"Aahhh," she screamed and came all over his sweaty face. All of her senses seemed to swirl together and she surrendered her body to the overwhelming sensations possessing her. Mark, like a good lover, continued to eat her, intensifying and prolonging her orgasm. "Aahhhshiiiitt!" she yelled, tossing her head in abandon, her body bucking violently. To his gratification, her body did shiver before her orgasm finally subsided and left her limp and exhausted. Not bad for a guy's first oral tryout after a two year hiatus.

Now, it was his turn.

He stood up and let her legs drop down the sides of his shoulders and hang to the floor. With a smirk, he brushed the film of dust from his knees and shins. After just a few tugs, his cock reached it's full seven inches and pointed, as if knowingly, directly at her opening. Marlo was still cooing when he pulled her womanly body to the edge of the table. He lifted her legs straight up over his chest and either shoulder.

His six-pack stomach glistened with sweat as he positioned his cock at her hole. His eyes widened as he took one last look at her wonderful upper body. She still wore a shirt but obviously no bra, since he could make out the shape of her nipples as they strained for release. He wanted to see them, though, and besides, he thought, who was he to argue with a pair of straining nipples. He reached over to pull up the woman's shirt but got not further than her shirttail. Before he could manage any more, Mark found his wrist grappled in her hold. "No," she said plainly. "Just hurry up and fuck me. I don't want to be late."

He remembered himself and let go of her shirt in dismay. Another day, he thought, while she released her grip on his arm. Nevertheless, he couldn't argue, he thought again, and felt the head of his tool reach her wetness.

It was, of course, still his job to make sure this woman was pleased, so he slid just the crown of his cock in her at first. He could feel his ass tighten as he fought his impatience and withdrew. Slow but steady, he remembered and pushed his cock in again, letting just one added inch enter her.

Marlo closed her eyes when he withdrew again. Despite her admonishments, she would probably still be late, but this was a welcomed change from the average man who decided to simply plunge straight in.

He gave her half of his length with the next stroke. His eyes rolled back as he fought his urges and pulled out again, until just his head remained inside her pussy. To his delight, he could already feel how tight her pussy was when it greedily enveloped his cock each time. Fuck it, he said to himself, finally giving in. With a condensed shout he impaled her fully.

Marlo's eyes opened wide and her whole body became rigid. It wasn't that this new guy owned the biggest cock she'd ever had, but the force of his final entry surprised her. Her muscles remained taught as he gave her pussy time to stretch a little and conform, then they finally relaxed when he slowly backed off.

Mark began fucking her dutifully, pacing his strokes so he could last and give them both time to enjoy the sex. Her tits bobbed in time with his hips and he realized that he almost enjoyed the mystery, the question of how her breasts would look swaying freely, exposed to his eyes. He wanted even more, just then, to suck on her nipples, to twirl them between his fingers. He pushed into her harder and she gave a small yelp. "You like that, huh?"

She looked deep into his hazel eyes, and told him to fuck her harder. She knew her time was almost up but even she felt it a shame to cut her lover short. Perhaps, it was an ego thing.

He slammed into her pussy with all the strength his well-defined five foot ten frame could muster. He never missed a chance to work out his lower back, stomach or legs at the gym, the key to a powerful thrust. The room was filled with the sounds of the claps of his thigh smacking against her naked ass. The echoes seemed to root him on.

"Harder." Marlo spread her legs and he let her wrap them under his arms and around his torso. It was obvious to him that she was aiming to take control of their situation when she began squeezing him into her with each stroke. He wondered exactly how much it would take to truly satisfy this woman's apparently large sexual appetite.

"Shit!" he called out, following a deep grunt.

"Don't cum inside me," she ordered him, and he knew by her tone that she wasn't about to forgive him if he did. Her warning could not have come at a better time as he felt his balls grow even tighter and fuller.

"Damn, this feels so good!"

She enjoyed the compliment but wanted to drive her point home. "Cum on my stomach." She pulled up her shirt to reveal her tight, flat mid-section. Mark wasn't the only one who worked out for times like these.

"Fuck…yeah!" he breathed with each push. He could feel the swelling in his balls and knew he wouldn't last much longer. "I'm gonna cum," he finally announced.

On cue, her legs released him and he pulled out of her. He held his cock and came with a heavy moan. His first few spurts threatened to reach her shirt so he backed off, allowing the rest to cover her pussy and the floor beneath them. When he was finally done, his legs felt so weak he collapsed in the old chair.

After taking a few seconds to recuperate, Marlo pointed to a box on one of the shelves. "Paper towels are in there." Nodding his head, he mustered the energy to get her a roll so she could wipe herself clean.

She looked at her watch and jumped off the table. In a flash she had her clothes back on and tossed the paper towel to the spent younger man. With some effort she dug some keys from her skirt pocket and unlocked the door. He barely had time to grab his slacks from off the floor and cover himself before she opened the storage room door to the office hallway. She pulled the keys from the lock and threw them to him, and he luckily caught them before they hit him in the face. "I'm going be late for lunch," she told him, obviously blaming him for taking too long. "Clean up your mess and lock the door behind you." She walked out and slammed the door behind her.

Mark nodded his head and sighed in confusion. Just when he let his slacks fall back to the floor, Marlo burst back in. "And I want Mrs. Hemmings' report done and on my desk by 3 p.m. this afternoon," she informed him with a condescending look.

"Yes, Ms. Thompson," he answered and she slammed the door again. Having learned his lesson he began with the briefs this time and quickly put them on, then his pants, and shirt. He left his shoes for last and locked the door for good measure. He had cleaning to do and it seemed he would now have to miss lunch to get his work done on time. That pussy was worth it, though, he thought with a chuckle and started to swab his own cum off the cleanly swept floor. It was then that it dawned upon him. Exactly how did she know where the paper towels were? And how did she manage to get the key to an old storage closet?

No one ever said Mark was smart.

"Would you do it?"

"Do what?" Marlo asked as if she didn't know the question.

"Cheat on your husband." 

Marlo knew that, if she wanted, she could have any choice of husband she wanted, single or otherwise. She was an intelligent, well-kept, financially independent woman. Despite all of those wonderful traits, it was Marlo's slender, curvy figure that garnered the attention of men. Her breasts were large but bouncy, her ass was small but firm, and her hips curved out just enough to give her that hourglass shape. Marlo was the envy of many women at the company and the dirty dream of several of its men. "I'm not easy, Ashley."

"That's not what I meant," Ashley corrected her misinterpretation quickly. She had no intention of offending her good friend during their first lunch together. Ashley rubbed her nose in dismay; so far her day was turning out horribly. First, her sister had admitted to having an affair on the husband, a man Ashley knew was perfect for her, and now Marlo thought Ashley was calling her a slut.

Marlo laughed, almost spilling her coffee. "I'm just messing with you." Marlo was a confident, single woman who wasn't easily offended or embarrassed. She put her cup down gently and looked her friend in the eye. "Its been a long time since I met a man interesting enough to go out with, much less have sex with."

"Okay," Ashly backed off sheepishly.

After another good laugh at Ashley's expense, Marlo picked up her coffee and took another sip. "Did you pick out a present for him yet?"

"Oh, yeah," she said, her eyes beaming at last. "I got Peter this wonderful treatment at a local spa a friend of ours recommended. It'll be good for him to take a day off and just relax." During their years together her husband had shown her the benefits of being pampered and was always surprising her. With him, their marriage was always a romantic adventure and Ashley knew she'd always remember why she loved him.

"Sounds nice," was Marlo's reply. She watched her friend forget all about her recent worries. Maybe being married wasn't such a bad idea after all. If she ever found a man worth giving up her life of fun, perhaps she would settle down and raise a few rug rats of her own…

"What're you laughing at?" Ashley never expected her spa idea to invoke laughter from her colleague. 

"No, not you," Marlo answered. "I just had a funny thought."

"Oh?" Ashley perked up again. "Do tell."

"I was just thinking about marriage." The word "marriage" rolled off her tongue much more easily than "kids" ever would.

"What's so funny about that?" Ashley inquired. "I think a husband would do you good."

"Is that a fact?" Marlo challenged her. She leaned forward and gave her friend a menacing stare. "So then why don't you clue me in? What's so wrong with me now?"

"You work too much for your own good," Ashley said, finally building up some courage. "And if you were getting laid as much as me, you wouldn't carry such a bad grudge."

Marlo couldn't help smiling at her friend's misguided jabs. Ashley was obviously becoming more comfortable and daring with her as the conversation continued. "Anything else?"

"Well, now that you mention it," Ashley took her chance, "if you had a husband like mine, you'd have a good reason to spend all that money you make on something other than an expensive, all-be-it pretty wardrobe." Ashley quickly grabbed her spoon, stole a scoop of Marlo's fat free pie, and put the chunk in her mouth before Marlo could stop her. She had been eyeing it for the last five minutes and boldly savored the flavor of victory. "Having a husband would also teach you to keep an eye on your own plate," she said through a chunk of chocolate.

"Okay," the blonde said, eyeing the area from which the scoop had been snatched. "I'll take that into consideration."

"You do that," the redhead said sternly. "Meanwhile, I've got work to do. My juvenile sister took up too much of my work day with her 'problems' and I really need to get today's and tomorrow's paperwork done and filed." Ashley stood up, put her plates, tray, and utensils neatly away for the service crew, waved goodbye to Jack, a friendly cafeteria worker, and gave her friend a final wave as she walked out of the cafeteria and started back to her office.

Marlo finished her coffee and pie and reflected on her friend's cheery, innocent disposition. Must be nice, she thought. She'd have to remember to protect her dessert next time.

Jeph and Henry were snickering beside the water cooler when Marlo walked up to get a drink. Jeph was a young, tall blond with a god complex and a body to match. Henry, on the other hand, was almost lanky, edgy, and not much to look at. They were definitely an odd combination, but Marlo figured that Henry's worship must feed Jeph's ego, and Jeph's company would probably make Henry feel better about himself (perhaps he even scored some of Jeph's leftover women). Sometimes opposites attract for just the right reasons.

Henry tried fruitlessly to look down Marlo's shirt as she bent over to fill her cup. Her office's air conditioning wasn't working properly and she needed something to cool herself down after that hot coffee. It was a shame that shorter skirts and loosely fitting tops were frowned upon in her office. Marlo stood up and watched Henry try to hide his disappointment. "Something I can do for you fellas?"

"Not really," Henry said with counterfeit confidence. "The two of us were just talking. You know."

"Really?" Marlo was definitely growing more interested. Some interesting things could be learned from the loose lips of fumbling men. She playfully took a small sip from her cup. "I love cooler talk. What were you boys so happy about?"

"Just making plans for Friday night," Jeph answered. He took a swig of water from his store bought cup. It was just like Jeph to go out to a store and buy a cup; paper cups just weren't good enough. His name was even embroidered on the side.

"A Blockbuster night, huh? What movie?"

"Club Royale," Jeph countered. "Maybe you've heard of it."

Club Royale was one of the trendiest clubs in the city. It was near impossible to get in. Even if someone were considered important enough to make it passed the door guy, he would still have to stand in the long line of posers and fakers who always tried to bribe their way in. "How're you boys getting yourselves in there before sunrise?" Marlo asked them, her curiosity peaked. "You know one of the bouncers?"

"I know the manager. I get V.I.P treatment whenever I want in."

"You do?" she questioned suspiciously.

"Yeah, of course," Henry broke in. "Jeph here gets me in for twenty bucks," he continued, not considering how pathetic he would sound.

Jeph leaned against the wall and smirked. By the look in her eyes he knew he had Marlo right where he wanted her. He took a final gulp from his cup and told her, "But I'm not doing anything tonight. Why don't you stop by my place around eight?" 

"What makes you think I'd ever step foot in your little shack?"

"Want me to come over to yours?"

"You're too funny," she told him unamused. She considered his first offer. "Can you get me and a friend in that club?"

Jeph laughed. "You want me to get one of your little guy friends in that place?"

"No you moron," she shot back. "I don't do favors like that for any man. I've got one of my girlfriends in mind."

Jeph pretended to ponder the situation for a moment. "Yeah, okay. I'll get you both in but she better look good. They don't let anyone who's not chic and pretty in there."

Marlo glanced over at Henry and his friend knew his point was lost. She leered at them both and filled her cup again. "I'll be there at nine," she responded, "and you're cooking me dinner." She'd always been partial to blondes.

"Deal," Jeph said in a nonchalant tone. "You still remember how to get there?"

"I'm sure it's in your company file." Marlo carried her full cup of water with her and left the men to their own frivolous banter. Three minutes at the water cooler and she had scored a free dinner, and if she was in the mood later, some cock. Fuck getting married.

A few minutes later she reached her office, only to find Mr. Phillips, her boss' boss' supervising director, sitting in her chair, looking through a manila folder from one of her past projects. He didn't bother to acknowledge her, but instead continued to skim through more of the pages. She finished her water, threw the crumbled paper cup in her trash, and sat in the chair on the other side of her desk, the one usually reserved for the workers she oversaw and visiting clients. She knew her place. Mr. Phillips made more in a week than she made in a month, and she hated it, but she knew her place.
