  This story is pure fantasy, but it might come true some day...

*

I was more than a little nervous to meet Pam. We had been talking on a chat site for several months and we just kind of clicked. Unfortunately, we live several hours and a few states from each other. We decided to meet in a small town half-way between our homes and spend some time together and sort of see where things went from there. The date, Valentine's Day, was the only weekend we could both get away, purely a coincidence. 

I got to town first and found a spot in the little café to wait. I texted her my location and she said she would only be a few minutes. My gut was churning with nerves. I found myself playing with the sugar packets like a little kid. At the jingle of the bell on the door I looked up.

Pam stood in the doorway, with the sun backlighting her through the glass door. It was an amazing sight. Some of her hair had escaped her ponytail and it framed her face in a ring of light. Even better was the sun shining through her skirt showing her slim legs, like those early photos of Lady Diana Spencer when she worked at the daycare and the press showed up and photographed her, she had forgotten to wear a slip to work that day. It was so innocent, so sexy.

She paused, looking for me, then catching my eye, she smiled and headed towards my table. I slid my chair back and stood up, unsure what the correct protocol was in this situation. As she approached me, she reached both arms out, "Al!" she smiled. I folded her into my arms and she fit perfectly. I smiled when she stuck her nose into my neck, blatantly inhaling my scent. I found myself enjoying the softness of her breasts pushing against my chest, and the scent of her hair. After perhaps too long, we untangled and sat at the table. Rather than sitting across the square table from me, she sat around the corner, kind of facing me with her legs to the side rather than under the table.

She wore a thin, dark green top. The scoop neck showed a tempting amount of cleavage. Her green skirt came to just above her knees, with bare legs and flats below. At 5'9" she had a lot of leg to show. As she sat, she scrunched her skirt above her knees, casually giving me a view of her beautiful thighs. She sat confidently, with her back straight and her knees together. 

"It's been forever since I've seen a picture of you. I am happy to see you are still devastatingly handsome," she smiled, tucking an errant piece of hair behind her ear.

"I...you...I can't believe we are here-this is really happening. You look amazing!"

"Why, thank you. I've never done this before, you know, meeting someone in real life, I am not sure what happens next. It's like I know you, but I don't know you."

"We can take care of that right now," I leaned forward and took her hand in mine.

It was like catching up with an old friend, we talked about our drives here, college football, books, family, funny stories from life...it was so easy to visit with her. The waitress came by three times before we even looked at the menu.

Occasionally I would catch her with her legs crossed and a bare foot swinging above her shoe on the floor. Her toes were long and straight; neatly manicured. She had painted her toenails a metallic pink color which suited her skin tone.

Over a shared plate of steak nachos, we talked about dating.

"At our age it's so hard to date in a small town. You know too much about everyone's history. I married a guy from a different small town. If I been from his small town, I would have known better." She rolled her eyes and smoothed the vinyl table cloth with her fingertips.

"Ha. I knew what I was getting into and I still did it," I smiled wryly.

"Love brings out the optimism in a person, doesn't it?"

"Love, desperation, sometimes it's difficult to tell the difference."

She blushed and looked down for a moment. When she looked up her face was softer. "I am really looking forward to tonight."

"We don't have to wait that long, you know."

"I know. I just...I just want to wait a bit. I don't want this to feel like a one-night stand."

"I don't either. We have all weekend. I just hope I won't need to lie in my diary about getting laid," I teased.

She laughed out loud, "You won't!"

I loved making her smile, and her laugh was relaxed and confident. 

We finished our nachos and we went to the counter to pay. When I pulled out my wallet Pam noticed my initials stenciled onto my wallet, "J-E-G? How does Al come from a J, or an E for that matter?"

"Ha! Good question, my first name is J-U-B-A-L."

"Like the Sacketts?"

"My father was a big fan."

"I loved that book," and she stood on her toes to kiss my cheek, whispering, "Jubal."

As we left, she slipped her hand into mine companionably. We flirted a bit as we walked to my pickup and drove around talking, looking for something to do for the rest of the afternoon. I really wanted to jump in the sack but I didn't want her to think that was all I was after, which was becoming true. I hadn't clicked like this with someone in a long time. 

The town we met in was similar to the towns we lived in, except we didn't know anybody here. There was a railroad, grain elevator, farms dotted the valley and cows dotted the grassy hills. The weather was unseasonably warm for February and when we found a state park, we spent the afternoon exploring a foot trail. Every chance we got, we held hands, Pam occasionally brushing her breast against my arm, as if to make sure I was real. I was real and getting real hard from all the "accidental" bumps. 

The trail crossed a creek and we stood at the top of the bridge looking down on the icy creek below. She turned towards me and I backed her up against the railing and took her face in my hands. I leaned down, and our lips met. We kissed tentatively at first, then her lips parted, and I hungrily kissed her, wanting to taste as much of her as I could. She responded by holding my arms and pulling the top half of herself closer to me. I slid a hand down her side to grab her ass and pull the bottom half of her towards me. We kissed like that until we heard a family coming up the trail.

When the sun went down we found a steak house/dance hall that looked likely. We ordered and enjoyed a drink while we waited. As the evening progressed, the band started with a George Strait cover, so we hit the floor. She snugged up close to me and we two-stepped around the floor. She was light on her feet and when I gave her a spin, her skirt flew up around her thighs. Even better, I was tall enough to get a nice peek down her cleavage, and I took advantage of the view as often as I could without being obvious. She moved lightly on her feet, and with only a few missteps, we managed to look like we had been dancing for years.

As we sat waiting for our food, a guy with a mullet walked by. "Check out that guy's hair."

"He's 80s man. I have this list on my phone, I call it bar bingo. I like to look at it when I am people watching. See, it has 'guy with a mullet' here, and right below, 'girl with a mullet.'"

"Let's see that," and she handed me her phone. She had a list of maybe 16 things to check off, like "waitress with tattoo," "guy with his hat on backwards," "someone in a concert T," and at the bottom of the list, "braless girl."

"Here's to finding everything on the list!" I raised my whiskey and we clinked glasses.

I took a sip of my drink and asked, "Why do you have such a hard time finding a local guy? You're smart, funny, pretty..."

I rested my arms on the table and leaned forward to listen to her story. She reached out and put her hand in mine as she continued. Her smooth hand fitted right into my work-roughened hand.

She looked down as she spoke, "I am kind of shy. You might not think so from today, but I have a hard time meeting people. The girlfriends I have are married or don't drink, so I don't have anyone to go out with, plus the gene pool is shallow in my town. The few guys that are single are single for a good reason."

"And to go farther out, another community?

"That brings us to online dating, and online dating scares me to death."

"Why's that? How is it so different from chat?" I leaned forward to hear what she had to say.

"To start with, my ex is online, and I really, really don't want to run into him there."

"That would be awkward," I agreed.

"Plus, with chat I don't sense the expectation that you will ever necessarily meet in real life. You can just meet people, you know, just chat."

"Or more...we've done more!" I gave her my wicked look.

"True!" she said, blushing, probably remembering a steamy Skype conversation or two. 

"A friend of mine drove three hours to meet a guy from an online dating site, and he had no teeth! They had been talking for weeks, and he hadn't thought that was something she might like to know. I guess she just stood up and left right then. I did add 'must have teeth' to my personal list of dating requirements."

"You have a list?"

She laughed, "It started out as a joke, but every time I make an exception, I regret it."

"How do I fit in on this list?"

"Let's see you are gainfully employed, you don't live with your mother and you have teeth. You have passed the first hurdle with flying colors!"

"Wow! The bar isn't very high, is it?" 

"Well, I like to be open minded," she smiled. "That will get you an interview. It is a multi-level list."

The band started up again and we hit the dance floor.

After a couple of songs, we went back to our small table in the back of the room. Pam excused herself and went to the ladies' room. When she returned, I was waiting at the table with a whiskey and seven and a margarita on the rocks. She leaned over me from behind to whisper in my ear and as I turned towards her, I could see that she had removed her bra. Her luscious D cups swayed right in front of my eyes. "I think that last tequila went to my head," she giggled. This was gonna be fun!

She sat across from me and even in the dim bar light, I could see her nipples poking through the semi-sheer fabric of her blouse, and the faint shadows of her areolas. I pushed the margarita towards her thinking alcohol could only work in my favor. She stuck her tongue on the salt and closed her eyes as she enjoyed the textures and flavors of a well-made margarita.

"I think we got a bingo on your bar bingo game."

"What do you mean?"

"I just saw a braless girl. It was really hot!"

"I'm not going to lie, I am liking it."

"Your breasts are amazing, I love your nipples."

"You know," Pam leaned forward, resting her tits on her arms, her soft flesh spilling over and pushing the limits of her sheer top. "I hate wearing a bra, and I thought you might not mind if I took mine off."

"Nope, I don't mind a bit."

My dick gave me that happy little twitch- it knew we were going to get lucky tonight too. When we were half way through our drinks we hit the dance floor again for a couple slow songs. I tell you, there is nothing like the feel of slow dancing with a braless woman. I held her close and we two-stepped around the dance floor-lost in our own little world. When a faster song came on we swing-danced again. Half the guys in the bar were watching Pam's tits bounce. The other half was hoping for a glimpse of her panties under her skirt.

At one point the band made a dedication to all the couples on the dance floor, a happy tune with the line, "You make me smile," and we got a free round of drinks because we were there on a first date on Valentine's Day. 

I excused myself to go to the john and when I came back, Pam was not at the table. I noticed her at the bar, getting another round. I needed to stop soon, if I was going to be worth anything tonight. As I sat down, Pam turned on the barstool and I could see her skirt was rucked up in her lap. She looked me in the eye and swung a leg out, and I spotted her white panties peeking out from under her skirt. They appeared to have a bit of sheer lace in the front, hiding very little; I grinned. She smiled and cocked her knee out even further.

"Rick, check out the chick at the bar," I heard a whisper from behind me. My dick gave me a happy twitch again. We had to get out of here soon.

Pam was smiling at me as she brought our drinks to the table. As she set them on the table, she leaned over and kissed my forehead, leaving me no choice but to stick my nose in her cleavage.

"Very subtle," she chided. 

"That was so hot! You know the guys behind me were watching you too."

"Mmm. I wondered about that. You know, that bartender was kind of rude. He never once looked me in the eye when I ordered the drinks."

"I have no idea why he would do such a rude thing, shall I go preserve your honor?"

"I would say 'yes,' but I am afraid my honor is long gone. I may have over-tipped him too." She took a big swig of her margarita. "I want you. I think it is time to go."

We found my pickup in the parking lot and climbed in. We were quiet on the way to the motel, each deep in our own thoughts. The night clerk gave us a knowing smile when we strolled through the lobby. I made sure Pam was between me and the desk. It was cold outside and Pam's nipples strained against her shirt.

As we stepped onto the elevator, Pam turned and put her arms around my neck and began kissing me. When the elevator stopped on the second floor I maintained our kiss, backing her down the hall, stumbling a bit in our hurry to get to the room. When we reached our motel room, I pushed her against the door, my dick straining against her through our clothes. I slid my hands to her waist and felt her skin under her shirt. Pushing my thumbs up, I slid her shirt up and over her breasts, which gave a nice bounce as the material caught her nipples. 

"Mmf someone is going to see us," she said through our kiss.

I pushed my hips towards her as I fished in my back pocket for the key, "not us, Baby, just you. Nobody is going to pay me any attention at all."

"Your beard is so long it's tickling my boobs!"

"Are you complaining? Wait till it tickles your thighs when I am eating your sweet pussy!" I whispered in her ear.

"Not complaining at all, where is your damn key?" she whispered hoarsely. 

I pushed her shirt over her head and let it flutter to the floor. Finally, I got a good look at her tits. They were a nice D cup, adorned with salmon colored nipples. I noticed the blue jeweled bar she had through her right nipple, I had forgotten all about that. I ached to tug on it. I moved my hand to cup her right tit and thumb her nipple. "Let's go in the room and finish this," I said as I fumbled the room key into the slot and the door opened behind her. She stumbled backwards into the room as I caught up her shirt off the floor and followed her in.

I took her in my arms and trailed my fingers along the curves of her body toward the waist of her skirt.

"Not so fast, Cowboy, I have something for you that has been a long time coming. Sit down." I found the chair and settled into it. She knelt at my feet and looked at me like she was waiting for permission. I shifted around and got my jeans unbuttoned. Pam unzipped them while I pushed up on the arms of the chair so she could get my jeans down further. My dick sprang forth with anticipation. She slid it from my underwear and gave my head a timid lick, looking into my eyes for approval. I smiled and closed my eyes. Giving head was not one of my ex's hobbies, and I hadn't had a good blow job in years.

Pam started at the crown of my dick and began easing her mouth down my length swirling her tongue around my shaft. She came up for air and sucked my head into her mouth again, surrounding me with her wet warmth, this time a little further, making her lips into a protective O around her teeth and starting down my shaft, working me with her tongue. When she got as much as she could in, she started mouth-fucking me slowly and sensually. 

"That feels like heaven, Baby. Keep going."

With her hand she began caressing my balls, her fingers below and her thumb on top. The soft feel of her fingers gently probing the base of my balls and back towards my ass caused a rush of sensations. I scooted to the edge of the chair to give her more room to work. At this point she started licking my dick. She made long, wet strokes from the base to the head and back down again, like she was eating an ice cream cone. I dug my fingers into her hair and held her face down on my dick it to make sure she wouldn't go anywhere. She didn't, she opened her jaw further and kept going down until she had my whole dick in her warm, wet mouth.

Now, I am not a small guy, and it had been longer ago than I could remember when a girl had been able to take my whole dick in her mouth. She was taking long strokes with her mouth and using her hand at the base of my cock. She looked up at me through her hair for approval.

"You're doing amazing, Babe."

I had been concentrating on my dick, but I realized that part of this crazy-good feeling was because she was stroking my butt hole with her fingers. This was a new one for me, and the sensation just about did me in. While I was enjoying the blow job, I had other plans for the evening.

"I think maybe we should try something different."

"Let's get some of these clothes off then," Pam stood and slid my shirt up and over my head and arms. I stood up as well. She took her hands and ran them from the side of my head down my neck and shoulders to my biceps. My job is physical, and while I am not exactly what you would call "ripped," I do have nice biceps. She traced her fingertips around my biceps lightly, moving to my pecs and running her thumbs across my nipples.

"Mmm, I love your arms, I like something nice to hang on to."

"All the better to hold you with! Now it's your turn." I hauled her onto the bed and she landed with her feet on the bed and her knees raised high. I slid her skirt up to reveal her white lacey panties which I could see from this angle was a thong! 

"We've gotta loose this." I pulled her skirt off then I ran my hand around her hip and back underneath her butt. I slid my finger along the crack of her ass from the back and caught the thong on my finger as I got to her pussy. She moaned in anticipation as I gave a little tug and slid her thong up her thighs then down her legs, revealing her beautiful pussy. She had a bikini wax and her lips were slightly parted and shiny with her juices. I kissed her belly button and rubbed my beard across her tummy and pussy making her squirm in delight.

When I got to her pussy, I paused to appreciate her anatomy. Pulling her soft outer lips apart with my thumbs I could see her pink inner lips framing her juicy pussy. Pam's whole body was trembling with anticipation. At the top of her slit, her clit winked at me from under its hood. I dove into her pussy tongue-first, licking and nipping with my lips as I inhaled her intoxicating scent and sweet flavor. 

As I moved my tongue to her clitoris, I slid two fingers in her wet slit. I stroked her G-spot while I toyed and teased her clit with my tongue. I started by licking around the outside of the area around her clit, with an occasional flick across her button. Then I began flicking it in earnest and she started bucking and squirming with delight. 

"Oh, god, what are you doing? Don't stop, that is so good..." I made my tongue flat and began licking her clit, while sliding a third finger in to massage her g-spot. That did it.

She caught her breath, "Oh, oh, oh, ohmygodohmygod, don't stop ohmygod, oh Oh, OH Ahhhhh!"

I let her recover from her orgasm for a moment, then I moved up her body, keeping her legs over my shoulders. I found her pussy with my dick and slid into her wet warmth in time to enjoy the final contractions of her orgasm squeezing me.
