 I slowly pulled open the door to the banquet room, hoping to see an empty seat near the back of the room, so I could slink in, unnoticed. No such luck, I realized as I quietly closed the door behind me and scanned the room. Every row of seats was full except for a few empty chairs at the front of the room, directly in front of the stage. Taking a deep breath and tugging the hem of my dress down as far as it would go, I tip-toed down one of the aisles, set down my purse next to an empty seat, and sat down, crossing my legs as quickly as possible. Did I mention how short my dress was? As I sat down, it rode up to my upper thigh, and I was terribly self-conscious that someone nearby would notice I wasn't wearing any panties.

I struggled to focus on the speaker on stage, who looked oddly familiar, but my mind kept wandering. First, because I'd had a little too much to drink the night before, and had a terrible headache. But also because I was still shocked at my own behavior, that I'd been willing to go back to a strange man's room and engage in the wildest sex of my young life. I didn't even know his name, for god's sake. 

I had awakened, late, this morning in his hotel room, couldn't find my panties, and had rushed downstairs so as not to miss what was left of the keynote speech. After all, that was why I was in town - not for nights of drinking and wild sex, but to attend the first major conference of my young professional career. But here I sat, flushed with embarrassment, pantiless, and sore from being ridden for what must have been hours last night. And I was still puzzled, this man on the stage looked so familiar. Where had I seen him before?

But let me back up. I should introduce myself before going any further with this story. My name's Trinity. I'm a 24-year-old professional who has moved up the ranks quickly since getting my first job right after graduation. I had jumped at the opportunity to attend this conference, knowing that it was a great opportunity to make connections, and to let my superiors know I'm serious about my work. 

I'm an attractive and confident young woman - I'd describe myself as petite, just 5'4" and delicate, but with big beautiful brown eyes and wavy deep brown hair to match, and my boyfriend tells me my bouncy tits are my best feature. We're actually quite seriously involved, which leaves me feeling even more shocked at my behavior. 

Anyway, I had spent the day before, the first day of the conference, making my way to various panel discussions and poster presentations, and finally wound through the expo hall, collecting a seemingly endless stack of business cards and vendor pamphlets. Throughout the day, I dutifully shook hands and introduced myself to dozens upon dozens of colleagues who might be future business partners, realizing that I never knew which connection would be the critical one. I also learned, eavesdropping on various conversations, that the bar around the corner from the hotel was the place to be that evening.

Not wanting to miss a beat, I followed the crowd after the conference sessions closed for the day, and found myself at the bar nursing a glass of white wine. I was still wearing my conference nametag ('Hello, my name is Trinity') and many a young businessman came up to me, asking if they could buy me a drink and tell me more about their product. After a few nice conversations, and a few less-than-nice approaches from drunk suitors, the bartender gave me a new glass of wine, indicating that it had been ordered by the gentleman at the end of the bar.

I looked over, and saw a handsome, slightly older man smiling back at me. He was probably 40-ish, very well dressed, and with a calm, sophisticated look that led me to think it was reasonable to try a conversation with him. He refused to introduce himself by name, just told me he was a fellow conference attendee who was interested in getting to know me a little better.

He was a suave conversationalist, and before I knew it, we were virtually alone in the bar, he had kept both the wine and the flattery coming my way, and I was feeling a little tipsy. When he invited me back to his room, I eagerly agreed, the word 'no' never even entering my mind. I wasn't drunk, but somehow I had forgotten that I was supposed to be in town on business, forgotten that I had a boyfriend, and was only conscious of the warmth growing between my legs as I followed this handsome, confident man up to his room.

Once inside, he invited me to sit on the bed, while he knelt on the floor beneath me and eased my feet out of my business pumps. As he massaged my tired feet, I let myself fall back onto the bed, completely at his mercy. He began tracing his fingers up my legs, and I could feel my anticipation grow as he reached my inner thighs. Before going to the bar that night, I had gone back to my room to change from my sensible business suit to my 'little black dress' with nothing but lacy black bra and panties underneath, and it wasn't long before he had a hand underneath that dress, reaching up to explore the line of those panties.

I sighed deeply as his hand gently cupped my pussy through the lacy fabric, rubbing gently against my clit. I felt him join me on the bed, and soon his mouth replaced his hand in exploring my sex. As he pushed aside my panties and his tongue touched my clit directly for the first time, I pulled him into a 69 position above me, unzipping his slacks and pulling his half-hard cock out of his boxers.

As I began stroking and licking his shaft, he worked my clit expertly with his tongue. As I took more of his length into my mouth, he inserted two fingers slowly but deeply into my pussy. His touch was incredibly gentle, but was also pushing all the right buttons so that I began to writhe beneath him. As he became fully erect, it was all I could do to take most of his length into my mouth before he reached my throat, and I couldn't help but imagine the feeling of fullness of his big, hard cock deep in my pussy.

I had never experienced anything like this with my boyfriend, as this older man kept our 69 going longer than I thought possible. Just when I would approach the brink of orgasm, he would slow down or shift our position slightly, so that the build-up would have to begin again. We kept this going for what seemed like hours, before I finally came, bucking so wildly that he could barely keep his cock in my mouth long enough for me to catch and swallow his cum when he shot his load.

Spent from my powerful orgasm but still wanting more, I relaxed on the bed as this mystery man cleaned his cum from my chin with a warm, damp towel. He unzipped my dress and pulled it off, and also slipped off my panties and bra, so that I was now naked. I reclined again and watched him remove the rest of his clothes as well, tossing everything aside carelessly. 

What happened next shocked and delighted me. As gentle as he had been so far that evening, he now scooped me up agressively, pulled me into a passionate embrace, and whispered in my ear how he wanted me to ride his cock until I came, and then he wanted to pound my pussy from behind. I whispered back that I was more than ready for that scenario, and he quickly positioned himself beneath me as I straddled him. I stroked his cock in my hands vigorously, and then once he was hard again, brushed my pussy lips against his shaft several times until neither of us could wait any longer.

In one smooth motion, I easily took his whole length deep inside, moaning as I found myself filled more than ever before. He grabbed my ass firmly and I began moving up and down, gradually faster and faster, squealing with delight as I rode his long, hard cock. It wasn't long before I was again riding wave after wave of pleasure, and when I lost the ability to keep up my motions, he would take over - I was amazed at his stamina.

It was finally time - he pulled me off his pulsing cock and positioned us, doggy style, so that he could pound me from behind as he'd promised. Already a bit sore from our long fuck-session, I was nonetheless longing for the deeper penetration. Just when I thought he might again return to his kindler, gentler style, he thrust into me hard and fast, taking my breath away.

"Do you like that? Do you want more?"

"Oh, god yes, give it to me! Fuck me harder!"

He didn't need any more encouragement than that, and began pounding my pussy mercilessly, the sound of his body slapping against mine only drowned out by my moans, and then by his hand swatting my ass with each stroke. I whimpered for more - and he responded by picking up the pace, still thrusting his complete length in and out of me, but now almost twice as fast as before.

I couldn't think, couldn't do anything but moan and pant with pleasure, as he continued to pound into me for what seemed like hours. I finally lost all control in a powerful orgasm, and not long after, he finally let go with his own as well, shooting a huge load of cum deep into my pussy. We collapsed into the bed, and that's the last I remember before falling asleep.

When I woke up the next morning, he was gone, and my memory of the night before was fuzzy. Quickly, though, I realized I had slept quite late, at least a half-hour into the keynote speech, and made the somewhat questionable decision to get dressed there and head straight down to the banquet room. Nevermind that I couldn't find my panties. Never mind that my little black dress probably wasn't the most appropriate attire. I didn't want to be any later than I already was.

And, my god, was I sore. Whoever that was, he really knew how to fuck. I don't think I'd ever been ridden that long and hard. And that brings me back to where I started this story. As I struggled to focus on the man speaking on stage in front of me, rather than the wetness between my legs as I remembered my wild night, I suddenly realized why this guy looked so familiar. It was him - Mr. Keynote Speaker was the mystery man who had pounded my pussy and slapped my ass so much the night before that it was hard for me to sit still on my sore bottom as I attempted to listen to his speech.

I felt my cheeks flush red as the speech came to an end and the man came up to me, shaking hands with everyone in between. "So," he said once we were in earshot, "now you know my name."

"Yes."

"Sorry I had to leave you this morning, but I had a few things to do," he said with a laugh, motioning towards the stage. "Oh, hey, Bob, come here," he said to a man passing by. "This is the young woman I was telling you about!"

"Ah, Trinity, nice to meet you," the man said, pretending to look at my nametag as a cover for checking out my tits. "John's told me so much about you."

Shaking his hand, I leaned in and whispered to John that I would be in town for two more nights, and that whatever he had in mind, I was up for it. In the meantime, more people to meet, more conference workshops to attend. Panties or no.