 Jack started a new teaching job and shared his classroom with a cute, energetic, twenty-three year-old female teacher named Nicole. Nicole and she had been working at the school for nearly two years, but she was relatively new to the teaching profession. Even though Jack had been teaching for a long time, since he was new to that school, she was considered the lead teacher on his academic team. She was very eager and professional. She lacked the jaded sense of humor that Jack had. She still cared very much about her teaching skills and was always looking to attend meetings and conferences. Jack went out of his way to avoid other teachers. He was happy to just shut his door, and teach kids the way he had for the last ten years. Now he had to be a "team-player," and his team-mate was "Gung-Ho."

At least she was easy on the eyes. Nicole had short blond-red hair and the most gorgeous eyes Jack had ever seen. Her figure also seemed to be quite good, although she always wore her clothes loose and baggy. Jack could never tell exactly how nice the figure was, except to know that her breasts were large, well proportioned, and very firm. She had great lines. Jack would see hints of this when she sat and crossed her legs, or shifted in a chair, causing the excess fabric of her clothing to crease and show brief glimpses of her wonderful curves and balanced angles. Her sexuality had an evasive edge that helped him get through boring days with a fairly active imagination.

Working together, they got to know each other very well. She was from a fairly well to do family. Her father was a successful business man and her mother was an educator. She said that she was married, but that her and her husband lived more like room mates than lovers. Jack was very married. He and his wife were about to celebrate their tenth anniversary with a night of pizza and videos. He figured Nicole was just eluding to a dry season in their three year marriage. He had no idea just how unhappy she had become. While he had decided to fantasize about her when ever the impulse took him, he had every intention to remain just work partners and friends. He would later find out, she had different ideas.

The nature of their teaching assignment had them spending a great deal of time together. After the first year, they became even closer. Jack soon learned that this "rookie" had re-energized his teaching. She was also very handy with computers, and drug him, kicking and screaming, into the digital age. In fact, before long, he found himself "surfing" the web at high speeds during lunch and also during slower periods. His surfing took to him to some interesting places. The school was supposed to have "firewalls," but they rarely worked. Eventually, he found a spot where stories and discussions involving sexual fantasies were being shared by others. The "literotica" web-site was one location where he frequented. Most of his colleagues would never believe that Jack had actually done some hack writing for men's publications and a soft por publisher back in the early eighties. Reading these online stories rejuvenated his muse. Before long he was writing, and selling his fiction again.

One morning he was checking my e-mail and I found this message:

"Jack, Please do not be mad at me, I had no intentions on snooping into your personal business. However, by accident I found some stories which really caught my eye. I think you know which ones I mean. I was just wondering... Is it true? Can men really do the things you write about?"

--Nicole

Jack looked down at his desk and realized how careless he had been. He had forgot to put two of the stories he had printed out away. She was probably in his room looking for some of the documents they were working on for their Thematic Science Fiction Unit they were getting ready to present to the State Board of Education. Nicole must have accidentally found them.

Jack closed his eyes and cursed himself for being so stupid. What if a student or administrator had found those? His fears gave way to fantasies. He imagined Nicole working late at night. He could almost envision her slipping into his room and shuffling the papers on his desk and then her cute little mouth forming a surprised "O" as she read the first manuscript. He could see her slipping down into his big leather chair and reading further. He imagined her conscience kicking in. She probably told herself that she was going to stop and just put them away, but was compelled to read on when the topic of enhancing orgasms was mentioned in one of them. Then he saw her in his mind's eye walk to the door and shut and lock it, her eyes never leaving the printed pages. He could imagine one of her graceful fingers toying with the collar of her blouse as he cheeks flushed. He could almost hear her breathing quicken and see her thighs part as she slid back in his leather chair; her hand descending into her lap as she read further and further. . .

The bell rang. Students came into the room. Jack quickly slid under his desk to hide his erection and started looking over a grammar book-the only sure way to ice his currently boiling blood. The last bell went slowly. He was very disconnected and distracted. He had a hard time focusing on his lesson plans. He kept averting his eyes every time Nicole looked over at him from her desk. It was a good thing that he had to teach just half of the block. 

He apologized to Nicole that afternoon when the students and most of the staff had left the building. He went on to explain to her that the stories she read were mostly made up, but that the act of breath holding and that Tantric meditation did enhance sexual sensation. Certain skills could be learned by patient men that could increase the pleasure and intensity of orgasms for both male and female partner. She muttered a suggestion that he should tutor her husband, but he laughed and explained that while guys share stories of conquests, they rarely share tips. He lent her a number of books, and hoped her husband would have the sense to do some studying. He didn't think much more of their conversation until several week passed by.

A few months later, Nicole and Jack made the trip to Frankfort to attend the KSBE conference. They had adjoining rooms in a very plush resort. They laughed about never leaving the room and ordering room service, until they walked by the fabulous pool and fitness center. It was arranged in a lovely rain forest motif. Jack couldn't wait to get unpacked and down to the hot tub which was enclosed in glass block and covered with ferns and vines.

They waved goodbye and went to their separate rooms. As Jack clicked the bolt to the adjoining door between their rooms, his fingers lingered with temptation. Nicole was absolutely stunning in her dress/suit. It was the first time he had ever seen just how wonderful she was. It took every ounce of reserve to keep his eyes on her face and not drifting along those wondrous curves. At last he shut the door firmly, latched the bolt, and drank three double bourbon and waters as he stared at his wedding ring. 

Feeling comfortably numb, he slipped into his suit and closed a thick terry cloth robe around himself. He grabbed his room key and a towel and headed down to the hot tub. It was late, and the pool area was fairly deserted. Jack tossed his robe and towel onto a chair and slipped into the hot gurgling water. He closed his eyes and floated away into steamy bliss.

His peace was mildly interrupted when he heard Nicole enter the pool area and say hello to him. He open his eyes a slit and waved hi, the alcohol and hot tub making him very mellow. She stood by the edge of the tub and he looked up. He saw that she was wearing a large white terry cloth robe. The robe ran all the way down to her ankles so again, and he was foiled the view of her legs. She seemed about to disrobe and slide in with him, but wavered. She had a folder and portfolio under her arm-always working.

"Just a few last minute details. You stay there and relax, I can handle it."

Jack followed her with his eyes as she gracefully padded across the wooden deck which led to the pool area. It was the first time he actually looked at the pool. His first glimpse of the pool was awesome. It was the coolest looking pool he had ever seen. It was free from, with 4 different, but connected, lagoons. Two of the lagoons were shallow, with a cascade at one end. The other was actually a lap pool and the other, the largest was the deep end and had a diving board. Nicole padded over to one end of the poll and sat down on a chaise and went to work. She kept the robe on. Jack muttered a curse and slipped deeper in the swirling water.

Jack drifted off into a light sleep. Once again he was very relaxed. He took deep breaths and let the stress flow out of his body. Suddenly, he felt a stirring in his lap. At first he thought an air bubble from the jets had strayed beneath his suit. He felt the opening around his thigh tug slightly. He had a sizable erection and opened his eyes to make sure it had not bobbed free of his suit. As he opened his eyes he was very surprised. Nicole had slipped into the tub across from him. As he turned to look at her, he was amazed at what he saw. She too had her eyes closed. She had her mouth slightly open and was breathing heavily. Her left leg had drifted upward in the bubbling water and was floating over his thighs. She had angled her foot downward and her toes had slipped just inside his briefs. He closed his eyes again, afraid to startle her. He felt her foot slide further in his lap and could feel her toes flex and pull at his bobbing cock. He heard her moan slightly and wondered if she were awake or asleep. The pad of her foot now rested fully on the slope of his cock and her toes clenched at his straining girth. Jack moaned and slipped his fingers under the water to her ankle and began to stroke her leg under the water. Nicole breathed sharply and opened her eyes. She pulled her foot from his lap and her cheeks went flush.

"Sorry!" she exclaimed and shifted further away in the tub. Jack kept his hand on her leg and pulled her back toward him in the water. Her eyes grew wide and she pulled her leg away.

"I don't think that is a good idea." 

Jack smiled at her and let his hand drift away. Nicole cleared her throat demurely and stepped out of the tub. Jack's eyes followed her as she rose and walked over to the pool. She had on a beautiful, blue, one-piece suit, which hugged her body and dipped low around her breasts and was cut high along her thighs. She had a much better body than he had ever pictured under all of those baggy clothes she wore at work. As she approached the pool she turned back at him and she asked "What are you waiting for? I think we could both use a swim in the cool water."

Jack lifted from the tub. His erection was raging and barely stayed in his suit. He saw her eyes measure it, and didn't care. He intended to fuck her-their complicated circumstances be dammed. He walked over to the pool and dove in smoothly with the exception of the rudder between his legs. Just as he started to swim towards her and get more aggressive, she suddenly lunged at him. Her momentum pushed him over the edge of the shallow underwater shelf into the deeper end and he grabbed onto her right arm and pulled her in with him. He heard her scream just as they dipped below the surface of the water. He grabbed her in his arms and kissed her before she swallowed the pool. As his mouth covered hers and his tongue slid inside her hot mouth it seemed surreal; the warmth and sensation was like nothing he had ever experienced before. The taboo of the two of them, married co-workers, kissing so deeply and fiercely was intoxicating. The pool had been formed with large rocks on the side and had a dark-blue tile bottom, which made the water look darker than it was. With the subtle garden lighting, it was as if they were marooned in a tropical paradise. He cupped one of Nicole's buttocks as he kissed her and kicked forward propelling both of their bodies to the safety of the shallow end. They surfaced and she tried to swim away from him. He swam after her and dunked her. He was already getting very excited and when she brushed up against his erect cock as she surfaced, he nearly spread her legs and fucked her right there against the steps of the pool. He decided to tease her a bit and swam away from her. He wanted to see how deep the pool was and dove down. His powerful stroke carried his body down and I could feel the warm water sluice as his legs followed his torso down. Clearing out his ears, he finally reached the bottom and looked up. He could see her treading water above me and gauged the pool to be 12-16 feet deep. He released some air and watched as the bubbles danced around her body. He surfaced next to her and they kissed. At first the kiss was soft and gentle, but soon it became heated and ferocious as their tongues were dancing around each other. They fought to stay above the surface, while holding on to each other, but soon just gave up and went under. They blew out some air and started to slowly sink as they continued to fondle and kiss. His feet hit the bottom first and he bent his knees to allow her to touch. They remained on the bottom, eyes wide shut and still kissing. She really was the most curious woman he ever kissed. Her tongue darted in and out tentatively, exploring every centimeter of his mouth. There was such a marvelous passion in the way she used her lips that it seemed as if she was trying to suck the air out of his lungs. She pulled off of him and pushed off of the bottom and headed towards the surface. He quickly followed. They broke the surface and giggled like teenagers. She swam over to the ladder and then twirled in the water like an expert polo player. She positioned him against the ladder and leaned her curvaceous body against his. She brushed his hand away when he tried to fondle her copious breasts and gave him the "naughty boy" sign with a waving finger.

Nicole pushed his hands back and had him stand on the fourth rung of the ladder. She took three deep rapid breaths and puled herself down his body. She reached down and started to tug at his swimsuit. It was tied and she began to untie it. She finally freed the tie and came back up for a few breaths. When he tried to use his hands to explore her body, she placed them back on the ladder hand-holds. She kissed the tip of his nose, repeated her deep breaths and plunged back under water. Jack looked below the rippling water and nearly came when he saw what Nicole was about to do. He gasped as he continued to look down and saw her grab onto the sides of his shorts and give them a yank. They came down to his knees and his cock sprung free. The water swirled around his balls and shaft as she continued to work the shorts down to his ankles and then off. She let them fall out of her hands and moved up to take him into her mouth. A few bubbles escaped her mouth as she swallowed about half of his prong--effortlessly.

He slid one hand from the ladder and reached down and placed it on the back of her head while holding onto the ladder with the other. She seemed to enjoy this and began twirling her head as he guided her. He watched her work her underwater magic and thought to himself how at ease she seemed in the water. He was surprised that she could only hold her breath for so long. He thought he had remembered her telling him she was not much of a "water" person. She continued on and he was getting more and more turned on. Her mouth has incredibly hot and bobbed over him like a piston. He closed his eyes and let go of the ladder. They sank downward, but she never lost her hold. She was still down, licking and bobbing her head on his thickening tool, occasionally letting go a few bubbles, which would dance to the surface. This continued on for a surprisingly long time and he was actually beginning to feel the need to breathe, but she seemed like a machine. She seemed oblivious to the need for air. He lost his thoughts as the waves of his first orgasm hit him. He could feel the cum load in his prick and wanted to pull free, but also wanted it to squirt out of his thick cock and deep in her flexing throat, so he let it go. He felt the explosion and expected to see her come rushing to the surface ready to slap him, but his streams of cumm did not stop her. In fact, she sped up the bobbing of her head to coincide with his own pelvic movements. He let out a burst of bubbles and the last of his semen squirted out at the same time. She pulled her lips off of him and slowly they surfaced together. At the surface, they both breathed deeply and he looked at her with this blank stare. "How could you stay down so long?" he asked her.

She replied, "Well, I knew how much you liked the water and I wanted to please you. I have been taking swim lessons for the last few months and they taught me how to breath-hold. It seems I am actually uniquely gifted."

Jack wiped the one smudge of cumm still on her lips and kissed her deeply. 

"Any more surprises?"

"Maybe. . ."

Jack told her it was her turn, took three breaths and went under. He turned her against the ladder and reached up and pulled the straps off of her shoulders. He nuzzled the large brown nipples of her ample breasts, which were bobbing just below the surface as he worked the suit down to her waist. Her nipples stood out at attention and elongated as he sucked on each one. He put his lips to her right nipple and rolled it between his tongue and upper teeth. He could tell she liked this, as she let out a small moan and thrust her hips forward. He continued this, while occasionally taking in as much of her breast as he could. She had wonderfully shaped breasts. They were huge, perfect in shape, and were extremely firm. He lifted his head up for some air and once catching his breath whispered "next" and ducked back down. This time, he worked her suit off of her legs and let it fall to where his was still resting at mid depth.

He moved his face so that it was staring right at her light-brown muff. There were still a few bubbles clinging to her pussy hair and as he moved in for the attack. His nose teased her mound set the bubbles free to float to the top. He started by working his skilled tongue deeper and deeper into her lush pussy. He probed inside of her nether-lips with his darting tongue and let his nose brush up against her clit. She was getting more and more excited and he blew some bubbles onto her cunt to raise the excitement level more. A few moments later, he could hear her moan above the surface and she started to buck wildly, splashing water and making waves.

Jack replaced his lips with expert probing fingers. He came to the surface and replenished his lungs. He found her G-spot very quickly and Nicole closed her eyes and hummed a moan as he lifted her slightly in the water and made her whole body thrum with pleasure. He took three deep breaths and descended again and started sucking on her clit while fingering her G-spot as she twisted and writhed on the ladder.

Knowing that she was close, he continued on, even though he was now in need of air. Her spasms became more and more intense and he realized he had never been with a woman who was so expressive. He had an epiphany even as his brain screamed for air. He was experiencing her penned up need for an intense orgasm. How many times had she hinted to him that while she loved her husband deeply, she also was looking to get fucked with reckless abandon. She had no intention of leaving her husband, she just wanted to be devoured, but didn't trust a stranger and a one-night stand.

Reaching even more extreme heights, she grabbed onto his head and moved in up and down across her vagina. He coughed into her pussy, nearly blanking out from air deprivation, which resulted in several air bubbles shooting deep inside her and increasing the intensity of her rampant orgasm. He let out his final bit of air and raced for the surface. At the surface, she was still moaning and her hips were still shaking, and occasionally moving in a quick thrusting movement. Catching his breath in deep mouthfuls, he asked her why she did not slow down and she said she forgot! She said that this was the first time anyone had gone down on her in such a way and she was totally taken by it.
