  This story was co-written with my friend NightSmuggler. It's a continuation of The Conference: He Walks into a Bar.

*****

I had the afternoon free. The whole afternoon. No meetings to attend, no talks to give, no sessions to sit through. The only downside was that David's schedule didn't line up with mine, and he had meetings all afternoon.

I kicked off my shoes and ordered a sandwich from room service. While I waited for my lunch, I got out of my work clothes and pulled on one of David's t-shirts. It was the perfect time to look for a new work bag without David complaining.

After I found and ordered a bag and ate my sandwich, taking a long, hot shower sounded like a fantastic idea, so I did. Problem was, I still had at least a couple of hours before David would be back.

I could've answered work emails, but why ruin the illusion of the away message? The kids were still at school, and skyping them without their father around would be dumb anyway. So I thought about it a little bit and wondered: What Would David Do?

The answer came to me within seconds.

He'd rub one out. Duh.

So I got my toys from their hiding place in my suitcase, shrugged off the hotel robe I'd wrapped myself in after my shower, and destroyed the freshly made bed to get under the covers. Unlike at home, I had plenty of time, so I didn't need porn to move things along. Instead, I closed my eyes and let my imagination take over.

When I finally heard David's keycard swipe through the lock, I was propped up on pillows in bed and idly flipping through channels on tv. I pulled the sheet up over my breasts and watched silently as he walked in, put his bag down, and dropped his keycard on the desk.

"Did you enjoy your free time this afternoon?"

"Of course."

He smiled and glanced around the room before sitting on the foot of the bed. "Stayed in, eh?"

"Uh huh."

David loosened his tie. "What did you do?"

I shrugged. "The usual. Got some lunch from room service, ordered stuff online, took a nice, long, hot shower, and got myself off four times."

He laughed. "Of course you did." He tugged down the covers, revealing my naked body. "You're probably still wet."

I spread my legs for him. "Why don't you find out?"

David ran his fingers lightly up my leg, ankle to knee to thigh, and moved closer to me on the bed.

"If I weren't already wet, you'd certainly be making me wet now."

He laughed, then leaned forward and kissed me while pushing a finger into my pussy.

"Still wet, just as I thought." He kissed me again and pulled his finger out. "What did you watch while you got yourself off four times?

I started unbuttoning his shirt. "Nothing."

"Nothing?"

"Nothing. I used my imagination instead."

"Yeah?"

I nodded.

"Tell me."

I raised an eyebrow. "It's really dirty, David. Are you sure you want to hear it?"

"You came four times and are still dripping." He dipped his finger into my pussy again and sucked my juice off his finger. "Yes, I want to hear it."

I shivered. "Even though there was another guy involved?"

"Instead of me?"

I shook my head. "In addition to you."

"You mean a threesome?"

I nodded, and he kissed me hard.

"Tell me, Amy. Tell me how you want me and another man to pleasure you."

We stared at each other for a moment.

"Okay, David. I will tell you how I want you and another man to pleasure me."

"Who was the other guy?"

I shrugged. "Don't know. He was only there for his mouth and his dick."

David wiped his brow in exaggerated relief.

"You want to hear this or not?"

He finished taking off his shirt and stretched out next to me on the bed. "You have my undivided attention."

"Okay." I cleared my throat, like the great storyteller I was about to be. "We were in our hotel room..."

"This one?"

"Yes. I was wearing the stuff from yesterday..."

"I love that outfit."

"David."

"Hmm?"

"Shut up."

"Sorry, baby." He scooted closer and laid his head on my thigh.

I ran my fingers through his hair. "S'okay. Anyway, we were standing over there by the desk. You guys were in front of it, and I was facing you. You pulled down the cups on my bra, and you both sucked on my nipples. Then I pulled you up to kiss me and pushed his head down. He kissed his way down my stomach and got down on his knees. You pulled my legs apart so he could get to my pussy."

David started stroking my inner thighs, and I sighed. "That feels nice."

"Good. Go on."

"While we kissed, he licked. He licked my pussy. He licked my clit. He stuck his tongue up my pussy and fucked me with it while you fucked my mouth with your tongue."

David teased my pubic hair with his fingers, occasionally running a finger along my slit, but not pushing between the lips. "Keep talking."

"You're distracting me."

"I'm just getting started distracting you. Keep talking."

"Okay. While he was tonguing me, you kissed your way down to my shoulder and around to my back. You told me to bend over and put my hands on the desk. I did, and you spread my ass cheeks so you could watch him tongue fuck me."

He exhaled hard. "I liked what I saw, didn't I?"

"Oh, yeah. You wiped up some of the wetness that was running down my thighs and started lightly stroking my asshole. It made me squirm against the guy's mouth, and then you started pushing your finger into my ass."

I looked down at David's crotch. His pants were stretched tightly across his hard cock. I wasn't surprised. He's been trying to get into my ass for years.

"Jesus, Amy."

"When you had your finger all the way into my ass, you dropped your pants and fucked me. You told the guy to suck my clit and make me come because you wanted to watch my face in the mirror when I came on his mouth while you were fucking me."

"Amy."

"Hmm?"

"I need to fuck you now."

In one sort of smooth motion, he got to his feet, pulled me to the desk, and bent me over in front of the mirror. I heard him undo his belt buckle and felt a little whoosh of air from his pants falling, or being shoved, to the floor. He tugged my hips back and nudged my legs farther apart to get a better angle, and then he saw it.

"Amy."

"Surprise, baby."

"I didn't know I could want you more," he whispered, twisting the end of the buttplug. I lowered my head to the desk and moaned.

"You like it when I play with your ass for real, don't you?"

I looked up and met his gaze in the mirror. "Fuck me, David."

"Where?" He half smiled.

"Leave the plug in."

"Keep talking."

"Anything."

He slid his cock into my pussy and I gasped.

"What happened next?"

"I came on the guy's tongue. When I was done, you told him to get up and take off his pants because I was going to suck his cock while you fucked me. So I got spit roasted."

"I love it when you're crude."

I shoved my ass back at him. "I know. Fuck me harder."

He did. "Then what? Did he shoot down your throat?"

I smiled at him in the mirror. "No. When he started acting like he was going to come, you told him to go lie across the bed. You pulled out and led me over to the bed. You told me to ride his cock, and I did. You watched for a little while, then climbed on the bed too. I slowed down and turned to look at you. You kissed me, and pushed my shoulders down until my tits were in his face and my ass was in the air. You spread my cheeks again, and touched my asshole again, first with your fingers, and then with your tongue."

"Oh, god."

"You licked my ass. You told me you had to get my ass ready for your cock and put your tongue up my ass while I fucked that other guy. You told me you were going to pound my ass while the other guy pounded my cunt."

David moaned and thrust faster. I couldn't believe how good it felt, and it started to feel like I was going to come too.

"You slowly worked your cock into my ass while I fucked the cock in my cunt. I was so stretched, so full, and when I felt your hips against me, knew that your whole cock was up my ass, I bucked harder against you than I did him. It felt so fucking good, David. I begged you to fuck my ass harder. Oh, god, David, I'm going to come."

He might've said my name when he grabbed my hips and thrust into me so hard that I fell onto the desk, but I think it was mostly grunting. I'm not sure because I was coming too.

We panted together for a few moments.

"So," I said, "you liked my story, huh?"

"Yeah, kinda." He pulled out and gently removed the plug before helping me stand up straight. We staggered over to the bed and sprawled out together to rest before ordering dinner.

After he hung up with room service, I pulled a t-shirt on, and David put his shirt back on. It was time to skype with our kids. I always miss them when I'm gone on work trips, but alone time with David is vital. I miss him even when we're both home.

We talked to our kids, and my inlaws, who were watching them for us, being careful not to get up in view of the camera. That caused a momentary panic when room service showed up. David scooted out of view in the wheeled desk chair, threw on a hotel robe, and practically snatched the tray from the poor delivery kid's hands while blocking his view into our room. My hero.

David caught up on some work while I got ready for bed, and I resisted the impulse to do the same while he got ready for bed. Once we were settled under the covers and in each other's arms, David said he had a question for me.

"What if I told you I think I can make your fantasy come true?"