 This story was coauthored with a friend, "Somegirl314". 

***** 

(I'm quietly sipping my next scotch). 

Ok, so let's see... where were we? 

Your back is against the wall, I'm kissing you passionately - one hand holding your hands above your head - the other on your hip and slowly sliding back to feel the curve of your oh-so-perfect ass. My body pressed against you, so you can feel the growing bulge of my very hard cock. You feel the urgency of my kiss as my tongue explores your mouth and your breathing responds as your desire increases as well. I suppose it's the neck kissing and playful biting that is helping all that. I want you so badly I can't think straight. 

(Sounds like where we left off anyway. Good enough for me.) 

I release your hands so you can start undoing my necktie (we'll need that in a bit) and unbuttoning my shirt. My hand slides off your hip and slowly up inside your shirt. I cup your bra with my hand and begin gently pinching your nipple until you squeal with delight. My other hand goes to my trousers and unbuckles my belt and you greedily reach to unzip my slacks. They and my boxers fall to the floor. Leaning in for a kiss, you meet me with quick licks and a seductive grin. 

Sliding down to your knees. Playfully, taking my cock into your hand, you begin to tease the head with your tongue. Stroking the shaft with your hand, you begin to take it into your mouth and meet my gaze. Your long auburn hair falls around your shoulders as I look into your soft brown eyes meeting your smoldering desire with my own. 

Just a taste though... I love your cock sucking abilities and you can do more of that later perhaps. I'll lay you on the hotel bed and softly tie your hands together. I love the look of your slender wrists constrained with my silken tie. As you lie on your back and I gaze at your gorgeous legs - I reach under your skirt and slowly pull your panties down. Down over your sexy tan legs and over your heels. I fall to my knees and kiss your inner thighs softly. I draw slow circles with my fingertips, higher and higher up your thighs with my kisses following soon after... God, I want to fuck you so badly - but not until you've cum for me. 

Finally, I reach your pretty (and now very wet) pussy... I breathe in the sweet scent of your musk and gently brush your lower lips with mine. My tongue explores you a bit. Pushing your legs further apart, with my hands and sliding on up the inside of your thigh, I begin kissing and licking your tummy and hips. Encouraged by your moans, I slip a finger inside you and then another. My thumb begins to make soft little circles on your clit as your hips begin to rock back and forth. Your strong legs wrap around my shoulders and pull me in, so I go back to working your clit with my mouth. My tongue now probing inside you and returning to your clit... Oh, the soft gasps in your voice as I feel you shudder when waves of pleasure break like the tide. God, I so want to fuck you... now. 

But I won't. Not until you beg me to anyway. 

(Acknowledging the bartender, I order a fresh drink.) 

So where were we? Sitting at the hotel café discussing music over espresso? No? Playing cards at the hotel bar and sipping martinis? Sounds nice too, but I don't think so... 

Ah, yes. I recall now. You were stretched out on the hotel bed, your hands tied tightly together with my silk necktie and held above your head, your bra half off, your skirt pushed up above your waist, your legs tight around my shoulders, and you had just finished cumming on my face... Sound familiar. Good. 

I devoured your wet cunt until you just couldn't stand it... And by the way, I love to eat pussy. I don't mean lick it, I mean eat it - like it's a juicy, ripe mango and I am greedy for all of its nectar. 

Slowly working my way up your body with my lips and tongue, I'll stop at your breasts to suck and nibble on your beautiful brown nipples... taking in as much of your breast into my mouth as I can. 

Laying on top of you, forcing powerful kisses onto your lips my tongue probing into your mouth, stopping only to nibble and playfully bite your neck. Your hands still constrained with my silk tie, my legs pushing yours wide apart, and my very hard, thick cock grinding into your tummy. Your wet kitty is quivering, and needing to be filled; you can also feel a little wetness at the head of my cock - a little precum for you, because I'm aching for you. I'll stand up and gaze at you with my hard cock at full attention in front of me. I walk over, grab your tied wrists - pulling you up to your feet, I'll drag you over to the hotel desk. Considerately taking a pillow and placing it under you as I force you to bend over the desk with your ass facing me (I'm a gentleman after all). I just can't express how much I want you at this moment and the sounds you make tell me the same of you. 

Slowly massaging the curve of your ass and brushing my fingers over you, pulling your lips apart with my fingers rubbing in between them, making sure you are ready for me. Then, taking my cock in my hand, I'll slowly begin probing the outer region of your wet cunt - teasing both of us. With my free hand, I reach up to grab a fistful of your hair and pull your head up. I grasp your waist and in a sudden move, I plunge myself fully inside you, your velvety soft pussy wrapped tightly around my stiff cock... Our eyes meet in the mirror. I can see the change in expression in your face as I enter you. Your hands clenching the edge of the desk as I begin to rock back and forth, sliding my cock in, out, then halfway in and moving around teasing you with it. 

Never breaking eye contact with you and with one hand gripping your hip and the other hand clenching a fistful of your hair, I begin thrusting. Pounding into you harder and harder, deeper and deeper until the pleasure begins to build once more. Your ass rising to meet my thrusts, your eyes locked on mine in the reflection. Fucking and thrusting... riding your soft, tight cunt like it's my fucking job. I'm ignoring your moans of pleasure so I don't finish too soon. 

mmmm... baby, so wet, sooo tight. I'm getting lost in my own pleasure, fucking you as hard as I possibly can. Oh, baby... Fuck, you are so hot, so gorgeous... I can't believe I'm actually fucking you right now... 

mmmmm... baby I want to hear you moan my name, and beg me to fuck you harder, deeper, and faster - to which I will happily oblige. And when I'm moaning your name in response, what shall I call you: Princess, baby, whore, my love? (I finish my scotch. Smiling at her sitting at the other end of the bar, I'm wondering if she even noticed me at all. I pay my tab, and leave to go up to my room alone.) 

He probably thought I didn't see him watching me. 

He was wrong. 

He probably thought I couldn't tell what was going through his mind while he was watching me. 

He was wrong about that, too. 

I usually hate it when men eye fuck me in bars. 

Not tonight. 

Tonight, I wanted a man in the bar to eye fuck me. Tonight, I wanted a man to fuck me period. 

There was nothing special about my dress. I was dressed to be seen without it, to be blunt. It was professionally appropriate, of course, but I never wore anything I cared about being dropped on the floor and kicked aside or shoved up around my waist when I was in this kind of mood. In fact, I wore as little as possible with such dresses, a demibra, thigh-highs, and heels. Panties just get in the way, so I don't bother with them. It may be cliché, sure, but I've never had a single complaint. 

I watched him down the rest of his drink. He had the full lips I like. His hands were big, his fingers thick. I shivered at the thought of his lips on my neck, his hands on my ass. 

He pulled out his wallet to settle his tab. No ring. It was now or never. 

I tossed back the rest of my drink and dropped some cash on the bar. When he stood up, I waited a beat, then slid off my stool to follow him into the lobby. 

I kept my distance so he didn't see me before I slipped into the elevator with him just before the doors closed. 

I think I surprised him. 

"Oh! I didn't see you there. What floor?" 

His voice rumbled in my chest, which was even better than I could have hoped for. 

I smiled at him and glanced at the control panel. Thirty-sixth floor. Nice. 

"Same as you." I leaned against the wall opposite him. "In town for the conference?" 

He smiled back. "I am. Are you?" 

"I am, and I guess that explains why we were both drinking in the bar." 

His eyes widened. "I guess it does." 

I pushed off the wall and took a couple of steps toward him. "I'm Tess," I said as I offered my hand. 

He took it. "Um, nice to meet you, Tess. I'm...Bob." 

I held on to his hand. "A pleasure to meet you...Bob." 

I'd bet a million dollars that his name wasn't really Bob any more than my name was really Tess. 

He didn't make an effort to reclaim his hand. "The pleasure is all mine, Tess." 

"It could be." I bit my lip and lowered my eyelashes. "Are you here alone?" 

Bob nodded. 

"Any plans?" 

Bob shook his head. 

"Want some?" 

He nodded. 

I closed the space between us. "I have an early meeting tomorrow, Bob, so we should probably get started on those plans now." I slid my arms around his neck, and he took the hint. 

I really did have an early meeting. 

His lips were everything I knew they would be, and he was one hell of a kisser. I didn't notice the elevator stop, and I jumped a bit when the doors opened. Bob smiled a little, then led me off and down the hall to his room. 

He paused before swiping his keycard. "Tess?" 

"Hmm?" There was a smear of my lipstick on his top lip. 

"Why me?" 

I brought his hand to my mouth and kissed his finger tips. "You have hands that I want to feel all over my body." I rubbed the lipstick off his mouth with my thumb. "And you have a perfect mouth for riding." 

Without a word, he swiped the keycard and shoved the door open. I was against the wall with my dress bunched around my waist and Bob on his knees in front of me before the door closed. 

"You like that idea, don't you, Bob? Me riding your mouth." 

He groaned and ran his hands up my legs, slowly. 

"You like looking at my pussy, don't you?" 

He nodded. 

"Can you see how wet I am already, Bob?" 

He nodded again. 

"I've been wet since I saw you in the bar. I wanted your hands and mouth on me so bad, Bob." 

His eyes widened, and he licked his lips. 

"You want to taste me, don't you, Bob?" 

"Oh, god, yes." 

"Taste me, Bob." 

He wasn't tentative. He spread my labia and licked me from pussy to clit, and I moaned loudly. I couldn't help it. Bob moved closer and draped my legs over his shoulders, supporting my weight as I leaned against the wall. I bucked against his mouth while he tongue fucked me and his upper lip rubbed my clit. 

"So good," I gasped. He hummed a little in response, tickling my clit, and I banged my head against the wall. I didn't mean to do that, which Bob seemed to realize because he got slowly to his feet and carried me over to the bed, face buried in my pussy, lips working my clit the whole time. 

Incredible. 

He settled me on the bed, smiled, then went to work on my clit with his tongue, teasing me to the brink of orgasm, then backing off. "Bob!" 

He laughed a little bit, smiled at me, kissed my inner thighs gently until I squirmed, and stuck his tongue up my cunt again. 

"Oh, god, just make me come, please." 

"As you wish." 

"A Princess Bride reference? Now? How are you single?" I demanded, grinding my clit against his tongue. He responded by sucking my clit into his mouth and whipping it with the tip of his tongue until I came so hard I swear I saw stars. 

When I regained my senses, Bob was shirtless and unbuckling his belt. I sat up to get a better look. 

"You're beautiful," I told him. 

"So are you." He pants fell to the floor, and his cock was straining against his boxer briefs. 

"Unzip me?" I lifted my hair from my neck. 

He leaned over to help me, and I took advantage of the opportunity to yank down his boxers. They got caught on his cock, but I tugged harder and was rewarded with the head of his hard, bare penis right at mouth level. 

Well, bare except for the precum that had leaked out. I licked it up, and Bob moaned. 

"Shall I return the favor?" 

"I'd rather fuck you." 

I leaned back on my elbows and spread my legs. "Come and take me, Bob." 

He was on me, and in me, in an instant. I was so wet his cock slid into my pussy with no effort, and we moaned together. 

I shoved my hips up at him, trying to take him deeper. He gripped my hips and fucked me harder. He sat back and fucked himself with my cunt. I was his sex toy, only along for the ride. 

It was the most amazing thing I'd ever felt. 

Bob moaned loudly and came, still pumping me over his cock, until his hands slipped from my hips, and I fell back on the bed. He fell on top of me. We panted together for several minutes before tugging the covers back and scooting under them. Together. 

I drifted off in his arms and slept soundly until the alarm on my phone woke me. I tapped the screen to snooze and turned to face my lover. 

"Good morning, beautiful," he rasped quietly. 

"Good morning, 'Bob'." I snickered. "You couldn't come up with anything better than everybody's uncle?" 

He kissed my forehead. "I was distracted by this gorgeous woman who snuck into my elevator." He kissed my lips. "But 'Tess'? That was perfect, Amy." 

I kissed him back. "Thank you, David." I kissed him again, and he pulled me on top of him. His hard cock pressed into my stomach. "More?" I grinned. 

"Always. I'll never get enough of you." 

"God, I hope not." 

The alarm went off again, and we both groaned. "Stupid early meetings," I mumbled, rolling off of him to turn it off. 

David agreed. "Will it make it better if I wash your back?" 

I headed for the bathroom. "Everything's better when you wash my back, especially when you wash my front too." 

He laughed and followed me into the bathroom. "You sure we have enough time for this?" 

"No," I turned on the water, "but we're going to do it anyway." I leaned into the shower to adjust the temperature and jumped when David came up behind me and cupped my breasts. "I need to get in." 

"You need something else first, hot stuff." He took my left hand and slipped my wedding rings back onto my finger. "Now, we shower."