 Anthony and Jenny spent the night lost in lust. So many ways, so many times, they joined together and gave each other pleasure. Finally, they fell into an exhausted sleep, their bodies still entwined, their hearts beating against each other. In the morning, Anthony woke to find them still wrapped together. He carefully extricated himself and went to the bathroom, filling the tub with warm water, using a generous handful of the bath salts he found there, pleased to note they were vanilla scented. As the bath was filling, he went to his Jenny, his love, and sweetly woke her with kisses and touches to her sated body. She woke with a smile and a contented moan. Her arms wrapped around Anthony and she pressed her small body against his, her hips already swaying against his groin.

Despite the long night of lovemaking, Anthony couldn't resist his warm, willing Jenny. He allowed her to move against him, rubbing her curlies against his thighs, encouraging his cock to harden again. She moved over his body, soft and pliable, his own little doll. Lying full length on him, her feet reaching his mid calves, she rested her head on his shoulder, smashing her lovely full breasts against his hairy chest. He could feel the tight hard nipples against his skin, could hear her breathing quicken as she felt his cock throb against her thighs. With one little movement, she engulfed his engorged dick in her hot pussy, still unbelievably tight after a full night of passion. His hands moved up and down her spine, massaging that soft skin and holding her close. With nearly no outward movement, Jenny began fucking his cock, using her inner muscles, pulling on his shaft and making him moan with pleasure.

It was a soft, quick coupling. Over almost before it started, they came together. Small, contented cries mixed together and they held each other closely, feeling the shared spasms. Jenny rested on her husband, using him as her bed, until she felt him slip from her. In one quick movement, Anthony rolled them both into a sitting position and then carried his loving wife to the bathroom and lowered her into the warm bath. Climbing in beside her, he lathered a bath sponge and began cleansing her satisfied body, lingering on her shoulders, back, tummy, everywhere. He loved her more today than he thought possible. They talked now, about Mandy and the relationship that was building with Jenny. They discussed the possible future, what it would mean to the four of them, to the friendship that was building. Anthony had no problem with the relationship, but wondered if Bill should be told. He listened again as Jenny told him that she loved him and that, if anything, this had made her love him even more. They snuggled together in the tub, Jenny relaxing happily against her husband, knowing that everything would be all right. Amazingly, even exhausted as she was from the wild night she had just spent, Jenny was becoming excited thinking about her next time with Mandy.

As the bath began to cool, Jenny and Anthony dried each other and began dressing. In the light of day, jenny's dress seemed a little risqué. Anthony suggested she call Mandy to bring her some clothes. Mandy agreed easily, promising to be there as soon as she dropped the kids at preschool. Anthony dressed and then enjoyed holding his scantily clad lover until new clothing arrived. All too soon, there was a knock on the door and Mandy called to them. Anthony opened the door and hugged Mandy, welcoming her. She entered and her breath caught at the sight of Jenny in her sexy black underwear. She had brought blue jeans and a t-shirt from Jenny's closet and could not look away while Jenny dressed. Anthony watched them both with fascination. He loved the way Jenny blushed, and he loved the desire in Mandy's eyes. He went to Jenny, hugged her and whispered his approval, promising his support. He left then, needing to get to the office. 

The women sat together on the bed and Jenny told Mandy about her night and about Anthony's approval. She wondered aloud what should be done about Bill. Mandy smiled and told Jenny that Bill was aware, had known from the first phone call, and he was completely supportive also. He wanted her happiness. 

They hugged, nearly overwhelmed by the world of possibilities that had opened for them.

To Be Continued...