 I was sent as a representative of my school to a conference in New York, and through the conference's events, I got to meet a few of the delegates from other schools. I spent the most time with people from other schools near mine because we had special division meetings for just us.

Melanie was the representative from a school that was just a few hours away from mine, and we would seem to end up sitting together at a lot of these meetings. She was a burgeoning professional, always showing her abilities to network. I was pretty impressed with her, as she was well-spoken, easy-going, and always exuding confidence. She was short and brunette, and a little chubby, but it looked really good on her. Some girls are just more attractive with round, voluptuous curves. The conference called for suits every day, and I must admit, I am somewhat of a sucker for a woman in business attire.

Even though I had found out from another that she had a boyfriend back home, she was flirty with me every time we met, brushing my arm, playing with her hair, laughing at my jokes, and taking any opportunity to make sexual innuendos. She always had her eyes on me, and when I'd catch her in a glance, she'd coyly smile and look away.

On the last night of the conference, we had a formal event at the Museum of Modern Art. She was dressed in a shimmering navy gown, which she filled out spectacularly. We ate hors d'oeuvres, sipped wine, and walked around looking at the exhibits together. It was a group of us, and the look in her eyes screamed that she wanted to get me alone. The group discussion turned to plans for after the event, and many wanted to go to a club where the association had put us on the list. I declined, saying it wasn't for me, and that I had promised a friend I'd known since high school that I'd see her while I was in New York, all of which was true. Melanie teasingly grabbed my silk tie and implored that I had to come out with them. When I said that I just had to see this friend while I was here, she started joking that I was just trying to get some while I was in New York. I denied that, although not wholeheartedly because I knew that a tiny bit of jealousy here could really work to my advantage. I gave her my number, and said to call me later when they all got back to the hotel if they wanted to meet for a more casual, low-key drink somewhere.

I went out with my friend to some awesome bars, which were so much more my scene, and had a blast. A cab took me back to my hotel around 3:00 AM. As I walked through the revolving doors, jacket slung over my shoulder and my tie hanging unknotted around my neck, I received the text. "It's Mel, call me?" I stood in the lobby and dialed. 

"Hey, it's James. You guys back?" 

"We got back," she said, "but everyone's tired, and they all went to bed." 

"Ok--," I said, and was going to say something like "some other time...", but before I could continue, she broke in, "But I still want to see you, and you owe me a drink." 

Smiling into the phone, I responded, "Sure thing. You wanna meet in the lobby?" 

"Just come up. I have a bottle of wine in the fridge. Room 1736."

"Sounds good. I'll be right up."

She greeted me at the door, wearing her club attire, a silky top of the same navy color and tight black pants. We walked in and sat on the bed. The wine was poured and was sitting on the nightstand. 

I grabbed both glasses, giving one to her, and asked, "You weren't gonna let me off the hook tonight, were you?" She shook her head back and forth, grinning. We tinked glasses and got to talking about the night. I got to hear about the club, who got too drunk, who made out with each other, etc. She asked me about my night.

"How was your 'friend'? D'ya get any?" 

I laughed, "I've known Blair for years. It's not like that."

She took a long sip of wine, put her glass down, and without being able to look me in the eye, softly said,?You know, you might end up getting some tonight anyway."

"I sorta had that feeling, yeah." I said confidently.

"Oh, shutup!" she shrieked and playfully hit me in the arm.

"What?!?", I exclaimed, laughing. 

I raised my hand to the back of her neck, and pulled her in to kiss her. I reached behind her to put my glass down, and once my hand was free I eased her down on to the bed. We laid together kissing, and I slid my hand up under her top. I caressed the roundness of her breasts not yet focusing on her nipples to build her excitement and anticipation. She was breathing heavily as we continued kissing deeply. She rolled on top of me and began to unbutton my shirt. I had her hips firmly gripped hoping to give her some indication of the type of control I would want to assert upon her very soon.

With her still on my lap, I sat up and pulled her top over her head, as she removed my undershirt. I unclasped her bra, and held her against me. I raised her up and licked, kissed and sucked her neck, shoulders, breasts and nipples.

She pushed me back down onto the bed, and began to kiss down my chest and stomach, all the while reaching for my belt. The belt, slide, and zipper were undone, and the waistline of my boxer-briefs was lowered. She held my dick in her hand, and quickly inserted it into her mouth. She began to suck on it rapidly, and I had instant feelings of intense exhilaration. Her hand stayed still, gripping the base of my cock tightly, while her mouth and tongue worked the head. She took a breather, laid on my chest, and told me I had a very nice dick, while she continually stroked it. I told her that her mouth felt so good. She started to go back down, and I told her she should take her pants off. She rolled on her back, undid them, and raised her hips off the bed. I did the rest pulling them off of her hips, sliding them down her legs, and tossing them aside. I climbed on top, again kissing all over her chest working my way down to the waistband of her panties. I teased the front of her panties with my nose and tongue, taking in her scent, and feeling her warmth and her moisture. I grabbed both sides of her underwear and gently pulled them off of her.

I tickled her slit just a bit with my finger, but desperately wanted my dick back in her mouth. I kissed her and with my hand gently behind her neck signaled her to sit up with her back against the pillows and headboard. I was kneeling in front of her with my hand near her chin, and pushed my still throbbing pole into her mouth. I thrusted into her mouth a few times until she reached up to grab it herself. She worked her hand and mouth over my entire length in unison, and I reached behind and underneath me to finger her eager, wet pussy. She moaned when I started easing my finger into the length of her opening. I would move up to her clit to gently play with it. I would move down to plunge fingers deep into her soaking hole. I was able to tell what she enjoyed by the different levels of intensity of the blowjob she continued to give me. Sometimes she was too overcome to even keep it in her mouth, and, exasperated, she would quickly and breathlessly apologize. The apologies weren't necessary, and I felt like she did it more out of reflex until she was able to feed my cock back into her waiting mouth.

She moaned nonstop as she took me deep, and the extra sensation of her vibrating lips on my shaft was too much for me to endure. With my other hand gripped tightly on her shoulder, I erupted, sending pulsating waves of milky, white jizz to the back of her throat. Spent, I withdrew my subsiding erection from her panting, hot mouth, and slowly removed my fingers from her juicy cunt. Still out of breath, I walked across the room, grabbed the wine off the bar, and stood at the end of the bed taking long pulls off the bottle. She crawled to the edge of the bed, then sat up on her knees, looking up at me and smiling. I shook my head, kinda laughed to myself, and told her how good that was. I offered her the bottle. She took it and said, "That was a lot of cum," before taking a large swig of the wine. I leaned over and kissed the mouth that had just recently treated me so well.

We laid together naked, talking a little, kissing a little, and rubbing a little. After only a few minutes, I was happy to feel my re-energized cock tightening and growing. I placed her hand on it, and she smiled. I left the bed to retrieve my pants from the floor, took out a condom, and rolled it on. As I came back to bed, Melanie was on her back with her legs wide open. She was squeezing her breasts with anticipation and had a pleading look on her face. This seemed to be inviting straight missionary, but really all I could think about was getting behind her, pounding away, and watching her ample ass shake with each impact. This wasn't gonna be about making love, and we both knew it. She had a boyfriend back home, this was our last night in New York, and this was definitely gonna be about fucking. 

I didn't want to take a chance at offending her by turning her over right away, so I laid down by her side, lifting the leg nearest me to her chest. I ran the head of my penis up and down the length of her slit, and as she arched her back impatiently, I pushed into her with one long smooth stroke. I began to move in and out of her varying the speed and depth of my thrusts. I pushed against her body, eventually influencing her to roll on her side. Now I had my wish, as I was behind her with one of her legs in the air. I was right up against her body and held onto her breasts as we continued to fuck. I made my penetrations more shallow, and just as I'd hoped she closed her legs and pushed her ass back into me. This was getting better now. I was away from her body, and had her in what looked like doggie style with both of us on our sides on the bed. I took control off her ass, grabbing her top hip and really starting to thrust hard into her. Soft moans were over with for the night, and grunts and yells had taken their place. I smacked her pale ass when I wanted to, watched it quiver all over my dick, and grabbed full handfuls tightly when I really wanted to take it for a ride.

"Get on your knees," I said, removing my solid rod from inside her. She was up and on all fours instantly, her glowing face looking over her shoulder as if bracing herself for me to immediately re-penetrate her. 

"God that looks good," I said with my dick in hand as I made my way forward to her, walking on my knees. I pushed it right into her pussy, and her face hit the pillow. My downward thrusts were hitting the right spot in her, and she started to cum. She screamed out loudly as her legs started shaking. Her whole body then involuntarily dipped, almost removing me from inside her. She continued to tremble after her climax, and was virtually gasping for air. I continued to move inside her, albeit very slowly, until she pushed back up into me ready for more. I gave her one more good slap on the ass, and really started to pump. We knew there was only one thing left to occur, and because I was newly excited by her orgasm, it was gonna happen quickly. As I thrusted aggressively behind her, I could feel the pressure building in my sack. The feelings of orgasm started well before I started to ejaculate. My breaths were shallow, my grip on her ass was firm, the pace of my thrusts grew more and more inconsistent, the head of my penis was getting increasingly sensitive, and I was yelling the name "Melanie" at loud volumes. It then, simultaneously, felt like my stomach dropped and all the wind was knocked out of me as I emptied my load into the latex barrier covering my cock. I pulled out of her, and collapsed next to her on the bed. We laid there, sometimes sleeping, until I left to go get packed for my flight home. 

Melanie broke up with her boyfriend not too long after, and we had sex a few times after we were back in California, but it was never like it was in New York.