 I have been pretty stressed out lately. I recently took over the managerial position at my office, which entails quite a bit of extra work, from running the day to day operations to managing the overall staffing of our relatively small tech consulting firm. But, while this promotion came with a modest raise and my own office, I have been pretty worried lately that my newfound stresses outweigh the benefits. The last manager, Josh, left abruptly after finding a better opportunity across town, and while I'm hoping to someday follow his lead, for now I am here to keep this place afloat. Even though I miss him, Josh didn't exactly leave us standing steady on our own two feet. For example, one of the last programs Josh instituted before his departure was a seasonal internship, to be filled seasonally in order to help us keep the odd jobs that periodically crop up around the shop under control. Unfortunately, in his haste to leave, Josh filled the position immediately after announcing his departure, and he did so without much of what you would call due diligence. The intern he selected was a very young, and very attractive girl named Summer.

Summer was a unique employee. She didn't produce particularly phenomenal work when completing the tasks assigned to her but, she was very eager and she did everything asked of her without question. Summer carried around with her an air that lent the suggestion that she knew she could do better, but that she could just never find it within herself to muster up just how exactly to do so. All that being said, she did have an honest personality that resonated good will even if she wasn't always up to the task at hand. Just the same, she did work all around the office, and she often found herself delegated back up to me in the office to keep her occupied. As such, we worked closely together for most of the year and I often found myself relying on Summer to take care of loose ends for me as I attempted to get a handle on my new position in the company. I cannot say, however, that I always treated her fairly.

Summer knew that I was stressed out. I had unnecessarily snapped at her in the past over some slight infraction or menial oversight, but she always responded positively, seeking to please. Summer had repeatedly offered to take on other projects around the office in a transparent though thoroughly endearing attempt to earn my praise as her supervisor, despite the occasional rebuff from my end when something when awry. These circumstances along with my continual distraction with everyday stressors is what prevented me from investing a fair amount of time into teaching her. Furthermore, when the stresses of the office began to weigh me down, Summer would go out of her way to try and cheer me up by bringing me coffee, or otherwise attempting to buoy my moods. Unfortunately, over time, work seemed to damper Summer's usual bubbly nature and she gradually shifted to adopt a more somber and beaten nature.

I will tell you though that for everything Summer might have lacked in her work performance, she made up for with her presence around the office. Summer was delightfully short, just barely over 5 feet tall, though she always seemed a touch taller because the wide variety of tasteful heels that she wore lent the impression of increased height. Her shoulder length blonde hair was nearly always pulled taut into a neat pony-tail that would cascade into a river of perfumed and curling locks. Her blonde bangs framed a beautiful face with a small nose, full pink lips, and a pair of oversized and thick rimmed glasses that surrounded very kind and exquisite blue eyes. Summer's tight frame was accentuated by a spectacular pair of generously ample tits that were never quite visible beneath her blouses, except for the occasional suggestion of a lace brassiere. Her slender waist gave way to a firm and tight ass that seemed suspended against all odds atop a pair of toned and magnificent legs. Summer also had a penchant for lace tights, sometimes patterned, sometimes not, that rose from her ever-present high-heels to end somewhere beneath a tight and fitting skirt. She was a vision.

I spotted her running one morning, along the main street between our office and the neighborhood where I knew she lived. She was dressed in a pair of yoga pants and a purple sports bra, stopped at the corner, bent over and heaving under heavy breath, hands on her knees. She stood as I drove past, back straight, breasts pushed outward, hair swinging gently behind her. Though she didn't always seem to understand the extent of her beauty, never mind the effect it had on those around her, Summer did know how to dress attractively, but sometimes with an apparent aim toward understated modesty. Though she was obviously beautiful, the nature of our acquaintance and our contrasting roles in the office prevented me from ever really considering Summer as anything other than an employee.

So it was that one day after finishing yet another stressful and confrontational call with a dissatisfied client I heard a light rap on my office door. It was already well past 5:00, but I heard the door creak open and Summer's light voice ask, "Everything okay?"

I responded gruffly, not noticing Summer standing before me, still distracted by the mess of papers on my desk. She continued, "Are you sure you're okay? That call sounded kinda rough."

"Go home Summer. It's getting late and you shouldn't be here worrying about me and my problems," I responded, exasperated.

She hesitated at the door and blurted the words, "I wish there was more that I could do to help you. You are always so stressed."

It was now that I really saw this gorgeous woman standing in my office, heels together and arms straight down to her side, hands balled in soft fists. She wore a white sleeveless satin blouse that concealed the suggestion of a lacy strap on her shoulder sneaking out from underneath the garment. The blouse was tucked into a short and flowing fluted black skirt that descended almost halfway down her legs, covering the tops of her lightly patterned tights. She looked down and to her side, again disappointed in my attitude toward her, and wearing an expression of unfulfilled approval.

She looked up at me from across the room and she saw me stumble on my words as I apologized to her, humbled momentarily by her beauty. "I'm sorry, Summer. You... you have been doing a great job. I'm just struggling with this nightmare."

"I know you are," she said, her hands down and folded together in front of her now, her one shoe burrowing and pivoting on its toe behind her. As she looked up she saw me still stunned at the sight of her, standing in the golden afternoon light that slipped through the blinds of the window and landed on her delicate skin. She shyly crept across the office, eyes cast down and smiling, stopping inches from me with her hands pursed together against her chest and her feet crossed.

With a squeak she suggested, "I think I can help you, if you want..." The moment hung in the air for what seemed like an eternity. She inched closer gently, almost imperceptibly, and seemed to be bracing for another curt dismissal when I stuttered with astonishment. I looked down upon the vision of a stunning woman gazing back up at me with expectant eyes and managed to respond weakly, "I guess, I mean..."

Now she took a step toward me and placed her hands flat against my chest, and looking up at me with her sky blue eyes she bit her lower lip. I could feel her flowery perfume surround me as she stared up longingly. A stray curl of golden hair crossed the frame the glasses resting on her pinkened and youthful cheeks, glowing and supple in the evening's sunlight cast upon her face. Broken by her girlish seduction, I relented and pushed the lock of hair from her eyes. Now, she blinked and smiled broadly, then looking down in apparent satisfaction at our new circumstances. As she stepped slightly forward, nearer to me, I placed my arm into the small of her back, pulled her off-balance and pressed her body into mine. She whispered with palpable relief, "Oh, I'd hoped so," as she pressed her breasts against my chest, looking up into my eyes. Summer turned her attention down to the top button of her white satin top, and as her delicate fingers released the button from its hole she remarked liltingly, "But, you're the boss and I'm just here help you."

I grasped her across her hips and we turned. I pressed her back against the edge of my desk, overtaken and startled with myself by my sudden reaction. Her ass just barely crested the desk's edge as she stumbled back on her black heels. I watched as she finished undoing her blouse, and as she finished, the silky shirt lay open and beneath were exposed her pert breasts still clad in a delicate and thin white lace bra. A small pink bow rested in the center between two lace cups through which could be seen large, soft, pink nipples, not yet teased tight. The flesh of her breasts strained against the top of the bra as I cupped her springy tits in my hands, her hands now lightly tugging at my tucked in shirt. Her hands slid up my chest under my shirt and then down my back. 

I slid my fingers into her hair beneath the tightly held ponytail of blonde curls and pulled her mouth to mine. She kissed deeply, with swirling tongue and playful biting. Light and careless moans of excitement seemed to escape from her without her notice. Then, she broke from the kiss and looked back at me playfully. She seemed to have a plan now, as if she had thought her way past this point before. Her eyes cast downward to follow the work her small and soft hands set to do as they worked to release my belt.

"I have a lot to learn about working here," she cooed as she threw the belt open and undid my zipper, "but maybe now I can get you to spend some time working with me". Her hand pressed and rubbed my growing bulge as she looked back up at me. Her hand slowly reached deeper into my pants and she cupped my balls as she pressed her breasts into my chest and craned her neck up towards me and asked, "Will you teach me?"

At a total loss for words, I could only respond by pulling her in for another deep and sensual kiss. Our hands caressed and explored each-others bodies, our tongues danced and tasted each-other, our breathing deepened and became heavy. Now, Summer broke our embrace and stepped back. Wordlessly she shed the unbuttoned blouse to the floor from her bare and elegant shoulders. She looked me up and down and then crossed her hands across her chest, pressing her breasts closer together and threatening to explode them from their lacy confines. She playfully pointed one finger at the corner of her mouth, and wondered aloud, "What should my first lesson be?"

Acting on instinct, I reached down and released my fully erect phallus from beneath my underwear and stood expectantly. Her eyes widened and her mouth fell open with a large smile of delight as my cock sprang into view. She stepped forward toward me and grasped my cock with both hands lowering herself to her knees inspecting my manhood, still clasping my penis and stroking it gently. "I've been waiting a long time for this," she whispered, almost to herself.

As she released my dick, she placed her hands flat on the ground in front of her and sat on her knees before my twitching penis. I slipped my fingers beneath the hair at the back of her head and with my other hand I gently tapped her cheek with my stiffened manhood. Her expression changed to one of expectation as I dragged my member across her soft cheeks and lips, her eyes peeked up at me as she parted her lips and placed small kisses at the base of my glans. The delightfully gentle caresses of her pursed lips against my shaft stirred a pressure in me that required action. A coy look of apprehension and unfulfilled but pending delight passed her face as I gripped her chin and lightly squeezed her mouth open. 

Now, together, I moved my shaft toward her face as she eagerly enveloped me, producing a muffled moan of sated desire from her cock-filled mouth. Her hands reached behind me and tugged at my already loosened belt as she held the tip of my cock in her mouth and swirled her delicate tongue around its tip and base. Sensing my desire for more as I gently pressed my dick forward into her, she cocked her head and slowly thrust her throat onto the entirety of my swollen dick over and over again. I felt the depth of her mouth warmly glide over my shaft as her hands pulled on the back of my thighs. I could scarcely imagine a more erotic sight than her blinking blue eyes gazing upwards at my pained and pleasurable expressions, as she plunged her mouth over me and danced her tongue along my length. Here, now, her eyes looked up longingly, as if begging for forgiveness, as she deeply and completely consumed my throbbing penis, holding it in her throat for as long as she could stand. A low and sensuous moan filled the air as she slowly drew herself from me. As she released herself from my swell, she caught her breath and cleaned her lip with a stroke of her finger.

Oh, those eyes. Her innocent gaze seemed to stop time as those seas of azure blue blinked and rose toward me, finding her feet again in front of me. I found myself questioning reality as this delicate expression of female beauty stood before me again. What unreal chain of events unfolded themselves in conspiracy to transform this otherwise seemingly meek and gentle girl into a desirous and lustful, sensual woman?

Enough questions. I lifted Summer by the waist and dropped her sitting on the edge of the desk in front of me. A light squeal of delight was followed be a series of girlish giggles as I pressed her breasts up and out of the confines of her bra. Her soft and conical nipples hardened under the attention of my tongue and teeth. She looked down upon my attentions, chin to chest as I suckled and teased each breast in turn. My kisses climbed Summer's now craning neck as she reached behind her back and unclasped her girlish white, bow frocked bra. Her tits sank and sprang outward, quivering into their natural position, the slightest movement of her back propagating into a delightful jiggle in her nipples. Summer placed her straight arms over my shoulders and gently rocked her chest, shaking her incredible tits in front of me, asking, "Do you like them?"

Without a word, I pushed Summer to her back across my cluttered desk and watched her breasts flatten and shake delightfully. Her golden pony tail laid scattered across the desk above her as she raised her hand to her mouth and began to lightly bite her fingernail. Summer drew her knees up, and as she did I pressed her stocking-clad thighs to her chest and for the first time saw the exposed porcelain skin of Summer's behind, previously hidden behind that short and tantalizing black skirt.

As Summer lay supine on my desk, knees drawn to her breast, I could sense her anticipation as I caressed her cheeks between the laced stocking top and a pair of simple white panties, again hemmed with small pink bows across the upper band. As I slid my fingers between the hem of her panties and the cheek of her ass, Summer very slightly parted her legs as she slid her free hand down her belly and inside the upper hem behind the ring of pink bows. Her heel-clad ankle found purchase on my shoulder as I examined the wet softness in the center of her damp cotton underwear. As I peeled the soft cotton to the side I found a glistening patch of wetness crowned by a very dainty and well maintained tuft of pubic hair. Summer now seemed to unconsciously shift her hips toward the edge of my desk as she further spread her legs to allow for my continued exploration. A light giggle erupted from Summer as I straightened her legs upwards and peeled the delicate white panties from her and lifted them up and over her black high-heels. 

As I again split her legs, a plaintiff and beckoning moan rose from Summer when she felt my kisses descend her inner thigh toward the sweet secret she had hidden below. As I approached, ever closer, I felt Summer's fingers begin to urge my head deeper toward her treasure, until I finally planted a soft kiss at the apex of her gathering folds. Now Summer's legs laid fully open and her hands caressed her entire body, moving from her pubic mound, up to a pinch of her nipple, before again moving to guide my head deeper into her ever-wettening vagina. As my tongue split her folds and explored the many creases of her pussy, my fingers began to probe and split her labia. More and more I tested the tight depths of her vagina with my fingers as my lips and tongue began to stir and swirl nearer and nearer to Summer's hardening and longing clit. Summer writhed in ecstasy on the edge of my desk as I tongued and fingered her luscious cunt until her heaving and reddened chest arched upward and she released a squeal of delight that shuddered through her body and careened from a high pitch to a low groan.

Summer sat up from the edge of the desk and straightened her disheveled skirt, pulling it down and flattening it with her hands. She seemed disoriented as she caught her breath and fiddled with her pony tail. "That," she uttered. "I'm not sure I deserved all that." As I caught my breath, Summer stood and turned, facing away from me. I saw her naked back arched and erect, and as she looked back at me with her lips slightly parted she cast a doe-eyed glance over her shoulder, and her now slightly mussed pony tail flipped across her back. Summer leaned forward and placed her hands on the edge of the desk, still looking back but now with a more pleading expression. As I stepped forward, Summer arched her back downward and craned her neck upwards, presenting her now naked ass underneath the pleats of her still intact black dress. Her toned cheeks curved up and hovered over the high fringe of her lacy leggings and peeking out between her slightly spread legs was the exposed the slit of her quivering quim. 

Before I have a chance to step forward and take control of her hips, Summer pleaded with me, "Am I helping you now?" Somewhat taken aback, I hesitated, "Yes, Summer, I feel better." Summer slightly swayed her hips at me and as she did so the fringe of her dress swayed back and forth. 

"I am so sorry that I haven't been as helpful as you would like. I can do better. Please. Please make me into a good girl," she cooed over her shoulder at me.

Now I knew how to proceed. I walked up immediately behind Summer and lifted the black dress up over her hips, exposing her naked, wet, reddened pussy. Her lace stockings still clung to her legs and her ass swayed back and forth ever so gently in front of me. Summer was beckoning me to finally mete out the punishment that she felt she deserved. I slapped Summer's firm cheek loudly and clutched the meat tightly in my hand as her head snapped back startled, pony tail bouncing in kind. As I inched forward, I slapped her ass again, a red patch appearing on her cheek. Her ass shook gently as Summer let out a high peep. Another step closer and now as my cock is brushing against her longing pussy I deliver one more hearty slap to this magnificent ass. I clutch her cheek tightly and place the head of my cock against the wet folds of Summer's delicious hole. I can feel Summer buzzing with the anticipation of my penetration as I reach forward and take a handful of her bountiful golden ponytail. 

As I pull her hair back, I press myself into her, sliding fully into the moist embrace of her compact but compliant slot. A light gasp is accompanied by a panting moan as I enter deeply into her tight snatch, stretching and thrusting harder into her glorious tightness. Her firm tits shudder rhythmically as I pound myself deeper and deeper into her. Summer is rapt now, moaning and giggling as I pull her hair back harder with each thrust, my other hand finding its way to her delicate and thin throat to help force her opening more fully onto my throbbing rod. As the thrusting forces me deeper and deeper into her, Summer eventually collapsed forward onto the desk, her tits pressed against the scattered papers as she submitted her body to me, bouncing in time to the thrusts of my cock driving into her dripping pussy.
