 (Author's note: all characters in this story are pretty clearly over 18.)

***

A Tale of Ramona 

The downside to living in a neighborhood as small as mine is the pressure for everyone to take their turn on the homeowners association board. I'd resisted for three years but had run out of excuses, especially since I was on a contract that didn't require much work travel for a change. So I finally agreed at the annual meeting to take one of the open at-large board positions (at least I wasn't actually an officer). 

The HOA president was a young woman named Ramona, who lived just a few doors down from my place. I found her oddly interesting, in the way I found other phenomena that I didn't understand interesting. She seemed like something out of a Fifties sitcom and I could imagine her vacuuming her house wearing heels and pearls, like Beaver Cleaver's mom. She was tall and thin with a pretty face and light brown hair in a sensible cut and I don't think I ever saw a hair out of place. 

My friend Joanie used to giggle and call her 'Norma Rockwell' when we gossiped on our walks. Ramona was in her late twenties and had a kid somewhere between baby and toddler. I fully expected to look up "repressed" in the dictionary and see Ramona's picture staring back at me. She seemed nice enough and I'd never heard her say a cross word or anything negative about anyone and I felt a little bad that we were sometimes a little mean behind her back. 

It was a cold night in the middle of February, just after Valentine's Day, when I walked over to Ramona's to drop off some HOA paperwork from a new neighbor. I had just stepped up onto the porch and was reaching for the doorbell when I heard a crash from inside and a shout as someone wrenched the front door open. 

The door swung open and Ramona's husband Todd went storming out, overnight bag in hand, pushing past me as he headed for the steps down to the front walk. Some instinct must have warned him, as he dodged to his left just in time to keep an expertly-thrown glass vase from crashing into the back of his head. 

Ramona appeared in the doorway in a bathrobe, face screwed up and red with rage. "Go fuck your little whore, you piece of shit!" she screamed, throwing a piece of heavy ceramic with enough force that she managed to put a big dent in the hood of Todd's Acura. 

"Fuck you, you crazy bitch!" was Todd's reply as he ducked into the driver's seat and backed out without looking, almost hitting one of our neighbors out walking his dog. Ramona stood there glaring as the car sped off, her whole body like one big clenched fist. She turned back to the house and seemed to see me for the first time, standing there with my mouth open, a folder of paperwork forgotten in my hand. 

She grabbed me by the arm and spun me towards the door, growling, "Don't just stand there, asshole! Get in there and fuck me!" 

I stumbled through the doorway and she followed, slamming the door behind her. I could hear her kid howling in a back bedroom, but Ramona took no notice. She just stood there, breathing heavily, hands clenching and unclenching, her fiery eyes staring into nothing. 

"Hey! Ramona!" I said sharply, trying to get her attention. "What the hell!?" 

Her eyes finally focused on me and all the fire went out of her, like she'd been unplugged from a wall socket. Her shoulders drooped, her head fell forward and I stepped in front of her to catch her, thinking she might actually fall. I walked her over to the sofa and she sat, bent over with her face in her hands, bawling her eyes out. 

I felt a little stuck between two crying humans, but having almost zero experience with the younger kind, I decided to see if I could help Ramona so she could then help her baby. And yes, I was studiously ignoring her earlier demand that I ravish her. I sat next to her on the sofa, awkwardly put my arm around her and held her, not trying to talk to her until she calmed down. 

The kid's bawling wound down before Ramona stopped crying, but she did finally come up for air, leaning away from me as if now uncomfortable at being so close to me. I let her go and moved down the sofa a bit, giving her some space. 

"Ramona, honey, do you need to check on your kid?" I asked. 

"Tina," she replied, glaring at me as if I should have known. "Her name is Tina." 

"Ok," I said gently. "Do you need to go check on Tina?" 

She got up without looking at me and disappeared into the back of the house for a few minutes. I could hear some muffled words as she comforted her daughter and I was thinking seriously about heading for the door when she came back into the living room, looking a little more together. 

"I can't imagine what you must think of me... us..." she said, looking directly at me for the first time. "It's not every day that your husband's admin texts you pictures of the two of them fucking in a hotel room. And hey, it's even better when the picture was obviously taken by somebody else in the room with them, so I guess EVERYbody knows that my husband is a big fat cheating LYING BASTARD!!" 

"Then he's a complete idiot," I said calmly. "I think you're pretty damn awesome." I had no idea if she was awesome or not, but I had absolutely no clue what else to say. I didn't know her at all and was completely stunned that she even knew some of the words she was using. 

"Good," she said, "because I need you to fuck me. If he gets to fuck around, I get to fuck around. Seems only fair, right?" She took a step towards the sofa where I was still sitting. 

"Ramona, I'm not going to have sex with you. One, I don't even know you. Two, you're young enough to be my daughter if I had one. And three, you're in obvious distress and may not be sure what you're doing and I'm not going to take advantage of you. But if you'd like to talk, I'll be happy to listen." 

"So, what, I'm not pretty enough for you? Not hot enough?!" she said, now striding towards me like she was ready to give me a good slap across the face. 

"Jesus, Ramona! You're beautiful - I just said so! Ask me again in a couple of days and I might be more than happy to sleep with you! But for now... talk to me. Tell me what happened." 

She sighed, her shoulders slumping again and she looked away from me, towards the door. "I'm not sure why you would care, but I did everything I could to be what he said he wanted. What my parents said they wanted. But I'm pretty sure that this isn't what *I* wanted - to be stuck in the 'burbs with a kid and an empty house while my loving hubby is humping his fucking secretary! I guess there are the girls that you want to raise your children and the sluts you want to fuck. Guess I know which one I am." 

She took a deep breath and looked back at me. "Thanks, I guess. I'll be alright," she sighed. "No, I won't - I won't be alright for a long time. But at least his little whore gave me enough evidence so I can divorce his sorry ass and take him for everything he's got. Wonder if she'll still fuck him when he's broke." She tilted her head back towards the door. "Go home. I'm good." 

I stood, zipped my jacket back up and headed towards the door. I didn't really know Ramona and I didn't owe her anything but I try to be a good person and help people in need and I'll admit that I have a soft spot for pretty girls in distress. I turned back to her as I grabbed the front door knob to see that she was standing in the middle of the room still, staring back to where I assumed the master bedroom was. "Ramona, seriously, if you need anything, let me know, OK?" I said. 

She half-turned and said over her shoulder, "I told you what I needed." And that was that. 

*** 

On my walks with Joanie the next couple of days, it was clear that word had gotten out fast about the scene on the porch. We actually had a couple of folks come out of their houses to pump us for information when they saw us walking by. I made it clear that I was there only in a colossal accident of timing and nothing more, so most of the focus was on what an asshole Todd was and what an unexpected mouth prim and proper Ramona had on her. 

Friday was cold as hell with freezing rain followed by snow flurries in the forecast, so I decided to stay in, have a couple of beers and watch old horror movies. Christopher Lee was about to sink his fangs into yet another busty young cleavage-baring English noblewoman when I heard the doorbell. I put my beer down and walked through the kitchen to the front of the house, wondering who in the hell was bugging me on a cold-ass Friday night. Looking through the window, I saw Ramona on the front porch, arms wrapped around herself trying to stay warm in her overcoat. 

I opened the door and let her in. "Ramona? Is everything ok?" I said, leading her over to the armchair in the living room. She sat on the edge of the seat, still wrapped in her long overcoat, looking at me with an expression that I really couldn't read. 

"You said you might change your mind in a couple of days," she said, stretching her left arm in front of her as if to look at a watch that wasn't there. "It's been exactly 48 hours." 

I looked at her, confused. "Change my mind? About what?" I asked. 

"Fucking me, dumbass. You said I might get a different answer after a couple of days. I know you think I'm ugly but I'm going to get fucked tonight, with or without you. Maybe I'll go in to campus and head over to Frat Row. Think I'd get some action if I walked into one of the houses like this? Tina's at my mom's so, hey, I can party all night." 

Ramona stood up and opened her coat, letting it drop off her shoulders and onto the floor, racing my jaw that was headed in the same direction. I'm pretty sure my tongue unrolled onto the carpet and my eyes bugged out like a wolf in a Warner Brothers cartoon. No wonder she'd been cold, despite the coat. 

I stood there staring at her, taking in the purple lace demi-cup bra, holding up perfectly-formed small breasts, topping off her slender toned abs, a matching purple thong and purple thigh-high stockings covering wonderfully long legs atop black 3-inch heels. She looked like one of the impossible long-legged drawings from an old Frederick's of Hollywood ad, brought to life. 

After my brain started working again, I also realized that all the lights were on in my living room and all the drapes were open, so everyone driving or walking by were going to be able to see her clearly. I reached out and grabbed her arm, nearly yanking her off her feet as I dragged her away from the windows towards the back of the house, stuttering like a nervous teenager. "Ra-mon-a! Somebody might see you!" 

"Oh my god!" she said, as she resisted my pull. "You really do think I'm ugly! You're embarrassed to be seen with me!" She jerked her arm away from me and gave me a smack across the face with her other hand, glaring at me as we stood in the kitchen. 

"Ramona, stop it. I don't think you're ugly. I think you're gorgeous and sexy and beautiful. I just didn't think you wanted the neighbors to see you like that in my house when you're trying to win a divorce case. Will you please come here a minute?" I asked, as calmly as I could, despite my stinging face. 

I reached for her hand instead of her arm this time, and more gently directed her to the bedroom. She smiled a little victory smile as we got to the bed but I walked her past it to stand in front of the big wide floor mirror that I had somehow gotten stuck with after my divorce. I never used it but I had decided that it was too much hassle to try to get rid of it. I turned her to face the mirror, standing behind her with my hands on her waist, looking over her shoulder into her eyes in the reflection. 

I had planned to describe for her again how beautiful I thought she was, but I got a little sidetracked by considering what a long and graceful neck she had. I realized that I was nuzzling and kissing it and running my hands slowly up and down her sides without really thinking about it. She let out a little sigh and tilted her head back onto my shoulder and I reached a little higher and cupped her sweet little breasts through her bra. She pulled the straps down off of her shoulders and I slid the whole thing down enough to allow me to gently massage her tits while I continued to nibble her neck with occasional forays up to kiss and lick her ear. 

I whispered "keep looking in the mirror" as I held her closer to me, reaching my left arm further around her slim body to stroke her right breast while my right hand stroked down her taut belly (hard to believe she'd recently had a kid) and down to the small piece of cloth providing a little cover over her sex. I slowly massaged her mons before working my fingers down over her pussy, feeling her warmth and growing dampness through the thin fabric. 

She shifted her legs apart a bit more, inviting more touching. I eagerly accepted, moving my right hand back up and then under the waistband of her thong, rubbing her a little more insistently and pulling her back against my erection, forgetting entirely that I just wanted to show her how pretty she was. Her breathing was getting much heavier and she closed her eyes and leaned her head back into me again. 

"Keep looking!" I said, more insistently this time, and she jerked her head up to stare intently into the mirror, watching my fingers now part her pussy lips under her underwear and enter her wonderfully wet sex. I moved my left hand off of her chest and down to start slowly stroking her clit, which caused her to jerk forward but this time she never lost eye contact with our reflection. I focused my movement on her clit, holding my fingers inside her to provide pressure and something to squeeze around and I continued to lick and now suck on her neck. 

Her legs started to tremble as she reached her climax, so much that I was almost holding her up by the fingers inside her. Her upper body jerked forward again as she came, thrusting her tight little ass back into my crotch. But she had finally understood my instructions and kept watching herself in the mirror, no longer looking into my eyes in the reflection but instead watching a sexy young woman in the throes of an awesome orgasm. 

As she finally started to come down from her climax, she straightened back up and I slowly withdrew my fingers from her, going back to hugging her against me. She turned around a little and pulled me around so that we could kiss while she still kept her eyes on the mirror. She learned fast. 

I reached around her and unhooked her bra which had slid down around her waist, before lowering my hands and pulling her thong down for her to step out of. She unbuttoned my shirt and pushed it off my shoulders, then rather expertly unbuttoned my jeans and pulled both them and my underwear down at the same time. 

She dropped to her knees and helped me step out of my clothes and then reached out to explore my erection with her hand. We were sideways to the mirror, and I realized that she was still looking at our reflection as she stroked my cock and then lowered her mouth over the head, holding me just inside her mouth while her tongue explored me. 

I'm not sure what I expected from our little homemaker, but I know it wasn't what was quickly becoming a world-class blow job. Ramona was clearly not new to this. She took me all the way inside her mouth before slowly sliding me back out and then licking one ball for a long 'ohmigod that feels incredible' minute before repeating on the other side. She repeated that sequence a couple more times, until my balls were dripping with saliva. She then took my dick back inside her mouth and held me there, while her tongue explored the underside of my cock. She slid me back out and looked into my eyes in the mirror while she stroked my cock and gently fondled my balls. 

"My, what a hard cock you have, mister! And what tight balls! Are you going to cum for me? Are you going to cover my pretty face with your hot... creamy... yummy... cum?" I was so shocked by those words coming from Miss Prim-and-Proper that I almost lost it right then. I managed to hang on a little longer but she picked up the pace of her stroking until I answered her question with a groan and a spurt that hit her chin and dripped onto her chest, where it was joined in short order by a lot more. She giggled as she kept stroking, leaning forward to catch the last couple of spurts in her mouth, never breaking eye contact. 

"You look tired, mister! You'd better lie down," she said with faux concern. I thought that was a grand idea and stepped towards the bed when she said in a much more commanding tone, "No. On the floor." She motioned me to lie down on the floor with my head a couple of feet from the mirror. I did as she said - I likely would have done any damn thing she demanded at that moment. I had clearly lost control of the situation, if I had ever had any since she dropped her coat in my living room. 

Once she had me situated, she straddled my head, facing the mirror. "My pussy is really hot and wet, mister. Are you going to lick it? Are you going to stick your tongue in my little cunt and taste me and make me cum? Are you going to make my pussy feel really, really good?" she said, talking to me but looking at our reflection in the mirror. Before I could answer, she lowered herself onto my face, covering my mouth with her pussy which, true to her word, was dripping with her arousal. 

I slipped my tongue into her, tasting her wetness, overcome by the musky wonder of a highly aroused young woman. She ground herself down on my face to get me as deep as she could. I explored her sweet pussy, deciding that breathing was for amateurs until she pulled back enough for me to take a sharp breath and continue my licking. I realized that she hadn't moved for my benefit - she had slipped her hand down to finger her clit and needed my nose out of the way. 

I pulled back a little anyway, licking the outside of her pussy and working my way down to her asshole before making my way back up. Ramona's thighs tightened around my head as her fingers really dug into her clit. I looked up past her gorgeous little breasts to see that she was still staring at the mirror as she started to shake and buck. 

She groaned, ground herself back down on my face and chanted, "cumming... cumming... cumming... cumming... fuuuuuuuuuck..." Her pussy tightened and jerked around my tongue and she leaned back, one hand on my belly to keep from falling over while the other continued to stroke her clit, slowing down as she came down from her climax. 

She sat there on my face for another couple of minutes, panting, chest heaving. As her breathing slowed a little, she scooted back a little, looked down at me and said "Don't. Fucking. Move." She got on all fours and worked her way down my body until she was poised above my straining cock, then she sat down on my thighs just below my crotch. She reached between her legs and stroked my dick a few times, then gave it a squeeze and looked down at me and said, "Good boy." She then raised her hips and lowered herself onto my cock. 

My eyes rolled up and a long, satisfied "Jeezus fuck!" escaped me. Her pussy was wonderfully tight around me and I was truly in heaven. 

Ramona leaned forward, put a finger on my lips and said, "Ssh, mister. I'll do the talking." She raised up a little and lowered herself back down, wiggling a little in an attempt to get me even deeper. "Do you like the way my little cunt feels around your big hard dick, mister? Are you going to fuck my little pussy? Make me cum again? And again? And again?" With each repeat of "again", she raised up until I almost slipped out of her then slammed down on me. I was already close to the edge and was ready to do as she asked and cum inside her. 

She must have sensed that I was close and she reached back and squeezed the base of my cock HARD and flicked one of my balls with her middle finger for good measure. "Not. Yet." She used her commanding voice this time. She stopped bouncing and started grinding, rubbing her clit hard against my pelvic bone, reaching back to give me another squeeze a couple of times to make me wait. I reached up and mauled her tits, realizing my jizz was still drying on her chest from her oral performance, what, half an hour ago? 
