 This is an act of fiction; any similarity to persons real is coincidental. 

All sexual activity is of persons 18 years or older. 

Enjoy. 

*****

Introduction 

My virgin years (no sexy bits) 

It was the summer of my 16th year when I was so bored with city life that my parents took me to my aunt and uncle's lake home and dropped me off for a break from the city heat. Their house was on a lakeside lot so the St. Augustine grass was a lush green from the sprinkler system pumping water from the lake daily, a gentle slope from the house to the water with cottonwood trees providing light shade and leaves rustling from the ever present breeze of the lake provided a stark contract from the dead air, heat soaked concrete, browned grass and excessive heat of the city. 

In this pristine environment there was little to do, except a small Sunfish sailboat that was little more than a big surfboard with a single sail and a foot well that could barely accommodate two. 

What I thought would be a really boring three weeks turned out to be a lot of fun, my uncle teaching me how to sail, soon I was sailing on my own about a mile down the lake to a public beach daily where the tourists and local's hung out. 

The next summer, (now 17) I was told my uncle bought a slightly larger open bow sailboat, and invited me out for the month leading up to the Fourth of July, by now my thoughts were about all the girls I had seen on the beach the year before and the last month before vacation passed by like waiting for Christmas. Still a scrawny awkward kid I had not hit my teenage growth spurt yet, during that summer, I succeeded at becoming a better sailor but had no luck with any of the girls on the public beach. At the end of summer I was still a virgin with not even a kiss to my credit. 

It was the fall and winter of my 17th year when I suddenly grew and filled out, reaching a good 6'2" and 185 lbs. I started working out to get a chiseled in shape look. Girls were constantly on my mind but I was still a virgin as I reached my 18th birthday just prior to summer vacation. True to form, my uncle bought another slightly larger 25 foot sloop with a cabin and folding swim deck aft. I took this as great news, because this afforded me a private place to take my (18 year old and older) imaginary beach conquests. 

I hoped that my improved physique residing acne and brand new sailboat would be the winning combination for the upcoming summer. 

Chapter 1 - My 18th summer. 

Now that I was of legal age, as were the girls of my fantasies at the beach, it was a big change from previous summers. "Sailboat rides" became popular, and it usually lead to some making out, blow job, or even getting laid on a fairly regular basis. Most of the young ladies that took me up on the sailboat ride offer were college girls in the 18- 22 age group but there were a few older takers in their late 20's and early 30's that really taught me some lessons on how to please women that I will be ever grateful too. 

Without doubt, there is always a general consensus of who the best looking and most attractive woman in any group. These are the women that all the guys want and cannot help but stare at, however if they are with another woman they steal glances when the woman they are with are not looking or if they are single, do not have the nerve to approach directly because getting shot down in public is just too humiliating. 

The unobtainable top of the food chain of available pussy of all the beach had to be the identical twin sisters Lana and Lisa Landers. Frequently there, they were way out of my league and a few years older than me. There are times when even afar, you know you are being watched, and even talked about. Simply glancing over from time to time I would catch them brazenly looking at me with a potential conquest and talking to each other giggling about who knows what. I, just like every other guy on the beach seemed to sense the danger of humiliation that would come with approaching them so most of the summer was spent chasing other young ladies but in off hours I wondered about these moments. 

I was having pretty good luck with tourists, and even an occasional local, but the Landers twins ate at my mind. I still thought I did not have chance at either one of them but I decided not to let them fluster me anymore. 

I had formulated a plan but it was a few days before the conditions were right. I arrived early when the beach was pretty much empty and Lisa and Lana were already there in one of their favorite spots. The twins were in the shade up away from the water in one of their favorite spots where they could people watch the whole beach. I simply walked up to them with three beers offering each one as I sat down next to them without asking permission. 

My strategy was to act as if I had known them for years and maybe to include them in my fun as "wing women" in my pursuits. At best this would give me more status on the beach, at worst it would cost a couple beers and I would be shot down on a nearly empty beach. 

"Pretty dead today." I said waiting for a reply, they looked at each other one raised an eyebrow at the other and they looked back. 

"It is early." she replied. The other one had placed the two beers in their cooler and was quietly watching the exchange. 

Since they were identical twins, and there were no introduction I did not know which one I was talking too. 

As if on a deadline, cars started showing up and people started walking onto the beach in random sized groups all scattering out to claim their perfect space. 

We all watched a reasonably attractive single girl walking onto the beach carrying a towel and small cooler. 

"Go get her stud," one of them said. 

"Been there-done that," I replied with a grin.

The familiar giggle broke out; only this time I was a part of it, not the object of it. 

The whole dynamic changed with the Landers twins in that instant. 

Eventually a new tourist showed up- she looked to be in the 25-30 age group, I stood up and said bye and headed over. A few minutes later the married tourist and I were walking on the dock to the sailboat. To my surprise she wanted me not to take her out on the lake, but she went below and wanted me to stand in the companionway (door to below deck) and blow me right there at the dock. I looked around and even waved at the twins as her ministrations remained out of sight of everyone on the beach. I wondered if the twins knew what was happening just below deck, as the married tourist was swallowing the length of my cock with ease. 

She paused, "You better hurry, my husband and daughter will be here soon" she said, immediately going back to work stroking and sucking my cock. I looked down watching her left hand and wedding ring pump my cock as she looked into my eyes. My cock never looked bigger and another mans' wedding ring stroking my cock it was really doing it for me. 

I reached down with my right hand and wrapped it down her right check wrapping my fingers under her jaw and touching her throat. I used my hand to guide her face closer toward my cock; I could feel my cock stretching her throat as I released my load into her. She coughed ejecting my cock as I was still erupting spilling cum onto her chin, and breasts. She stopped suddenly and turned to find a towel to wipe herself as the last was dribbling from my cock, spilling onto the fiberglass floor. 

"My husband might wonder where the cum stains came from," as she laughed a bit looking into my eyes once again... 

"Do you see them yet?" She asked. I looked back at the beach and there was a man and a small girl looking around standing by her towel on the beach. 

"Yep- they are at your towel looking around." I said. 

"Shit- How can I get up there without them seeing?" she questioned. 

"Don't hide it - Tell them you were checking out the boat because I was offering to take your family out for a one hour ride for $ 50.00," I replied. 

"I don't know," she replied with a worried tone. 

"Got any better ideas?" I asked. 

"OK," she replied. She raised my shorts and I fastened them and stepped out of the companionway so she could emerge from the cabin. 

The next hour was spent sailing the clueless husband, and daughter and the cheating wife around the lake. 

Ironically, the husband tipped me $ 20.00 at the end of the ride. 

The next day the Landers twins pressed me for details, but I stuck with "I don't kiss and tell," and after a while the conversation turned to the three of us picking my next conquest. 

This pattern went on for the next week or so and then I felt comfortable enough to start turning my attention on the twins themselves. I wanted to land one of them on the boat for obvious reasons, it did not matter which one since they were identical, and to be honest I never quite knew who I was talking too... but they rebuked all my advances until the last day of the vacation. They finally said they would go only if both of them could come... 

My previous experiences had taught me that two girls together equal no sex. I tried every possible way to convince them to go one at a time, however it was cut short when some friends of theirs came by to pick them up. I left to college the next day without even a kiss from the Landers twins. They did become a masturbatory favorite during college as I spilled my seed often thinking of them when better options were not available. 

Chapter 2-Reuniting with Lana

Every year, during college I would make it out to Aunt Jennie's for at least a week or two. I really found that it was a place to relax and unwind. I thought frequently of my aunt and uncle and kept in contact with them. During my brief visits with them I did not see the twins partly because their college schedules probably differed from mine, and partly because I did not have their phone numbers, a testament to poor planning that last summer before college. 

Now 23, and a few weeks before graduating college, I received a call from my mother with the bad news that my aunt and uncle had been killed in a car accident. I attended the funeral, and a local attorney contacted me regarding the will. It seems that since they had no children of their own, they left their entire estate to me which it turns out was quite substantial. I was in a daze, the last week or so of college, not sure what to do. I decided that after graduation I would clear my head at the lake house. 

It was early summer, daylight saving time had kicked in the wind was still great on the lake with warm days and cool nights.

I had no immediate responsibilities, so I kicked back and sailed a bit and contemplated where my life was going, if I was going to keep the house, the boat and my uncle's car collection. The inheritance was substantial so a summer to rethink my plans seemed in order at the time. 

I was there about a week and on a grocery run standing in line when someone said from behind me "Hey there sailboat guy!" I turned and to my amazement it was one of the hot Landers twins now maybe 25 or 26 and looking better than ever with a big smile on her face...

"Are you ready to take me on that sailboat ride?" she said. 

"Or do you even remember me and sis?" she followed up before I could even say anything. 

"Oh, I remember you and yes I would gladly take you for a ride!" I replied 

Out of the corner of my eye I saw the clerk roll her eyes at my double meaning yet the twin did not bat an eyelash, either the double meaning slipped by or she chose not to show it. 

"How is your sis doing?" I asked wondering if this was going to be a private ride or if sis was coming as well... Funny how after years we are starting up the conversation right where we left off. I was still unsure which one I was talking too...

"Sorry she moved about two hours away." pouting like she was disappointed that I preferred her sister. I could see it in her eyes. 

I replied "No problem I just thought you were an unbreakable pair." 

"Not anymore" she is married, he has a daughter from a previous marriage," she said with almost too much enthusiasm.

"Well we can invite her another time, looks like I got the pretty one today." the compliment made her perks right up. 

She paid with a credit card and as we walked to the door, I said "Do you want to follow me to the house and go now? There is a nice breeze." 

"You may be older but you are still direct." she replied. 

"Can I put some of my stuff in your fridge?" looking down at her groceries. 

"Sure." I replied.

"Got beer?" she questioned.

"Michelob," I replied looking down at my bags. 

"OK then-But I have to be back by about 6:00 "she said. 

I looked at my cell for the time. It was 12:30- "No problem." I replied. 

We headed out the door - "Follow me? Or do you want to ride with me?" as I got to my car. 

"Follow" as she walked past me a couple of cars and got into hers. 

15 minutes later we arrived at the house, and stowed the perishables away. 

Needless to say I was excited and trying to keep my cock in my pants. I felt pretty sure that this was going to be a good sailboat ride... 

Chapter 3: Sailboat ride to Fuck Cove (The sexy bits)

Beer and ice in hand we boarded the boat. A couple of minutes later we were motoring out. The sun was high in the sky a few cumulus clouds scattered about, the breeze brisk on the open water, settling to very light waves in the coves. The sun was bright and a bit warmer than comfortable but this was a good thing promising a swim under anchor. Just like my fantasies of old, I had one, not both of the Landers twins on my boat and she knew the expectation of a sailboat ride. 

Ever been on a sailboat before? I asked.

"Plenty of boats, no sailboats," she replied.

I turned her (the boat) into the wind and hoisted the sails. 

With a turn of the wheel, she drifted off and the sheets fluttered and then popped taught. For an instant the boat seemed to hold still then keeled away from the wind and lurched forward like magic, a few seconds I enjoy every time it happens. Almost silently except a few creaks and groans the boat started parting the water as she moved forward. The Landers twin looked forward and then at me. 

"This is so nice!" she said. 

"Can I steer?" she said excited. 

"Come on back," I replied. 

She jumped up almost losing her footing on the slanted deck and assumed the position between me and the wheel. 

I held her hips as she grasped the wheel and I taught her the basics of not turning to close into the wind. 

We sailed for about an hour when I pointed at a little cove that had been the anchor spot of many of my conquests. 

"Take her over there." I pointed.

She replied "OH?" she paused and added "Fuck Cove? "

"What?" I replied.

"That's what Lisa and I named it when you picked up girls from the beach." she laughed. 

Instantly I now knew that I was with Lana Landers of the Lisa and Lana twins.

"We made a game of it, acting out what was going on in the boat, what was being said, timing how long the sail was down- you know!" she laughed and added " You were quite the entertainment,"

"Really?" I asked. 

"You bet- even graded how satisfied the girls looked when they got back!" she added.

"Lisa and I have talked about it over the years- wondering what your total score was?" she asked. 

"I didn't keep count," I replied. 

"Bullshit! I bet there are marks on this boat somewhere!" she stated. 

I was busted; if she looked she would find them. 

I grinned, and said "Well I will give you the special honor of putting yours there if you want,"

"Who said I was going to let you fuck me in Fuck Cove?" she said coyly, just the slightest upturn of a smile in the edges of her lips hinting she was not maybe more open to it than her words let on.

"Well, we don't have to fuck, not everyone I brought here did" I countered. 

Then I added, "But it is a great place to stop for a beer and a swim," knowing this line has worked before. 

She probably saw right through my bullshit but her voice softened a bit as she said. "OK."

We dropped sail and weighed anchor. It was about 3:00 or so and the beer tasted great we quickly drank a couple each and then I suggested a dip in the lake. 

"No suit," was her reply. 

"Don' need one out here, (looking around) who is to see us in the middle of Fuck Cove?" I replied. 

"You do not look like the bashful type but wear your top and panties if you want," I suggested.

"I didn't plan this- so no panties," she replied

"Even better" I smiled. 

We were each feeling our third beer, I already knew some bravado worked with these sisters in the past so I stood and peeled off my shirt, slipped of my sandals, dropped my shorts and lowered the small swim deck at the stern (back) of the boat letting my cock hang in open sight. I stepped over onto the deck and dove in. 

"The waters perfect." I said as I tread water.

"OK- Turn away from the boat." she said. 

A few seconds later I heard here slip into the water. 

"No funny business." she said adding, "I don't want to drown fucking in Fuck Cove."

"OK" I said, knowing from experience that fucking while treading water in deep water is nearly impossible anyway. 

We swam, then held onto the swim platform for a bit and then climbed back onto the boat completely refreshed from the light baking we had taken from the sun reflecting off of the white boat. 

I climbed aboard first asking if she wanted another beer, she was momentarily distracted and climbed on board her wet top clinging to her breasts, transparent in the sun with no bra, and bottomless.

I got the nice view of a well-trimmed landing strip before she wrapped a towel around her waist. I slipped on my shorts to prevent sunburn of my tender parts. Our conversation rambled as we each killed our fourth beer.

As she finishes her beer she says- "OK so where are the marks of your previous conquests?"

By now her starting a conversation about anything sexual made my cock stir. 

"You will have to come below deck to see them," I replied pointing at the cabin. 

"Why am I not surprised?" she added raising up and moving toward the cabin. 

I followed as she stepped through the companionway down the steps and into the cabin. 

"Go forward to where the magic happens," I said pointing at the bed at the front of the boat. 

She stopped at the edge of the bed. I stood behind her. 

She said "So where are they?" with a raised eyebrow so familiar. 

"Crawl forward to the point, raise the mattress," I said. 

She looked a little suspicious but complied. 

The towel was tightly wrapped her ass as she moved forward, my erection growing quickly. 

She knelt on the bed and moved forward toward the point of the bow. 

As she reached the pointed tip of the mattress, she raised it to look at the tally of conquests. 

She was focused on the tally marks as I boldly dropped my shorts and climbed onto the bed behind her. 

What does MOBJFA mean? She asked. 

She was looking at the marks as I slid her legs apart moving onto the bed behind her.

I said "Make out, Blow Job, Fuck, and Ass"

"Wow, a lot more than I expected" She commented. Are these all different girls? Or if you had one twice is that two marks? 

Ignoring her question, I raised her waist slightly with my hands and moving her forward as her head reached the point of the bow to the point where there is no space for her to move further forward. She began counting the marks out loud and not paying a lot of attention to me. 

Her waist is up and she is on her knees with her chest and elbows down on the mattress as I slide the towel forward and moved my cock vertical between her ass cheeks. 

Suddenly she realizes her position and what I am doing and she jerks her head around to look and she sees a big grin on my face as I am slow stroking her ass checks with my cock, gripping her waist but not penetrating anything. 
