 My company had engaged a group of consultants to help us with some of our business problems. One of the consultants was a beautiful woman called Laura. She looked to be about thirty, and she had long dark hair and a body to die for. But at work Laura was always 'strictly business'. I had tried flirting with her, as had most of the other men, but we had all got zero response.

One day I was in a meeting with Laura and several others. As usual, I was paying more attention to Laura than to what was being discussed. As I watched, I saw her staring at one of the other women in the room. Her mouth was slightly open, her lips were moist, and she had a gleam in her eyes. That explains everything, I thought. She likes girls! That gave me an idea.

That evening in bed, I said to my wife Sharon, "How would you like me to set you up with a beautiful brunette?"

"Oooh, yes, please!" she said enthusiastically. Sharon, of course, enjoys the company of both men and women.

I told her about Laura. "She might be a lesbian," I said, "but I hope that she's bisexual."

"Oh, I hope so too!" said Sharon. "Threesomes are so much fun!"

The next morning at work I phoned Laura and set up a meeting with her in my office at noon. I had arranged for Sharon to come and take me out to lunch, and I had told her to be early. 

Sharon arrived at about twelve fifteen. She was wearing an outfit with a very short skirt, and she looked really hot. I introduced her to Laura, and there was an immediate reaction between the two of them. Sharon invited Laura to join us for lunch, and she accepted.

At the restaurant, after we had finished eating I excused myself and went to the men's room. I stayed away from the table for as long as I could, to give Sharon time to make a move on Laura. When I returned to the table they were chatting away like lifelong friends.

"I've invited Laura to dinner tonight," said Sharon.

"That's great!" I said enthusiastically. "I'm glad that you two are getting along so well."

That evening Laura looked absolutely stunning. She wore a very short skirt, no stockings, and a low cut top. She looked even hotter than she usually did in the office. I hoped that this was not only for Sharon's benefit but for mine as well.

During dinner we made small talk. After we had finished eating we went into the living room, but before I could sit down something completely unexpected happened. Laura came over to me, put her arms around my neck, and kissed me. I kissed back. When she saw that I was responding, she pressed her lovely body firmly against mine, and started exploring my mouth with her tongue.

When we had finished kissing, she smiled at me. "Sharon said that you think I'm a lesbian," she said. "Well, I'm not. I like men as well as women. But I usually don't get involved with married men because their wives can cause a lot of trouble if they find out."

"But in this case," she said smiling at Sharon, "I don't think that will be a problem!"

We went up to the bedroom, and Sharon and I undressed Laura. God, she was lovely! She had nice round tits, with long brown nipples, and a delightful pussy that was fully shaved. I took one of her nipples in my mouth and sucked it, and Sharon went to work on her pussy. Soon Laura was writhing and moaning.

"Oh Sharon," she gasped. "It's been so long since I had a good hard cock inside me. It is OK if Steve fucks me first?"

"Of course," said Sharon.

Laura lay back on the bed. She opened her legs and smiled invitingly at me. I touched her pussy and she quivered with delight. She was very wet. Then she said, "Steve, I need you right now!" and she pulled me towards her. My cock slammed into her cunt and she gasped with pleasure. We were both so turned on that we came in just a few minutes.

While I recovered, Sharon and Laura pleasured each other. Then Sharon pounced on my cock and stuffed it into her pussy, and rode me like a mad thing. Laura sat on my face and I licked her pussy while I fucked Sharon. Sharon had two orgasms before I came again.

Later I came in Laura's mouth, and then all over her magnificent tits, and twice more in her cunt. None of us got much sleep that night.

The next day at work Laura was back to her professional self, but she did look very satisfied. I felt smug too, as I was the only one in my firm who knew what a slut she really was.