 I was attracted to Janet the first time I saw her. Her husband Josh and I were classmates in graduate school. She and I first met at a social mixer five years ago. She had dirty blonde hair, long legs and full breasts. I remember going home that night falling asleep as I fantasized about her and tried to imagine what she looked like naked.

We had a large group of friends that would routinely get together for BBQs, holidays, birthdays and generally any excuse to have a party. Janet and I would always innocently flirt, but we never progressed beyond that.

It wasn't until Josh received an international job offer. The new position required him to move back east for a few months of training prior to shipping off overseas. Their kids were still in school so Janet had to stay behind, but planned to join him in the summer. I knew this small window was my last opportunity to see if Janet's innuendo was just playful banter or something more serious.

We hosted a big beach bonfire to officially send Josh on his way and say goodbye. Janet looked great as always. Toward the end of the evening as we were saying our goodbyes I told her to call me if she needed any help packing or moving.

"You never know when you'll need a man's touch around the house." I joked.

"That's very sweet of you to offer," she replied. "I'm sure I'll have a few things that will require your expertise."

Sure enough. Two weeks later Janet gave me a call and asked if I would swing by to help her carry a few large boxes down from the attic. I told her I would stop by on my way home from work.

I knocked on her door and she answered wearing a tight blouse and faded blue jeans. Her hair and makeup were neatly done. I went to kiss her on the cheek as she greeted me, but instead of turning her head to the side to offer her check, she actually turned into the kiss and our lips briefly touched. I felt a jolt of excitement run through me as I savored our embrace and she invited me inside. 

The boxes were easy to retrieve and we soon found ourselves in the kitchen. She offered me a beer and we continued to make small talk. 

As I finished up my second beer, I knew that I had to make my move. "I am so happy for you guys. What a great opportunity." I said. 

"Thanks. We are really excited about it, but we are going to miss good friends like you." She replied. 

"Yeah, I'm just bummed that I'll never get to see you naked." I mused with a sly smile. 

"What?" she replied looking a little flush. 

"Well we always joked that you were going to come after me if anything ever happened to Josh and I am sure you have felt the sexual tension as much as I have. I guess I was hoping that someday things with us would progress a little further." I continued.  

"To be quite honest, I have felt the sexual build up between us." She replied. 

I interrupted. "Let me ask you something – now be honest...have you ever fantasized about me while you masturbated?" I asked. I knew from the sheepish smile on her face the answer was yes before she replied. "Of course, she said. I just never thought about taking it further and wasn't sure how you really felt. In fact, this whole conversation is a little surreal for me." 

"Well I think we would be doing a huge disservice to ourselves if we didn't do a little exploration before you left." I urged. 

"I am not sure I can do that. What if Josh found out?" she wondered. 

"What if we just took off our clothes and looked at each other naked. That wouldn't be any different then Josh going to a strip club. Right?" I prodded knowing that she was well aware of his frequent trips to the nearby clubs.

"I am not sure it's quite the same, but if you promise to never tell anyone – I mean you have to take this to your grave – we can run upstairs real quick and 'explore' without touching." 

"Deal!" I shouted as I jumped out of my chair and quickly followed her up the stairs to the master bedroom. We were the only ones home, but she locked the door behind us anyway.

"So how do you want to do this? Should we just strip or do you want to take turns?" I asked. 

"How about we take turns – one piece of clothing at a time." She replied.

"Ladies first." I motioned toward her.

She slowly started undoing the buttons on her blouse and slid it off. Her pink nipples were barely visibly as they stuck out over the top of her white lace bra. I pulled off my t-shirt and let it drop casually to the floor. My naturally hairy chest was groomed nicely.

"I love a man that does a little 'manscaping'." She cooed.

"You ain't seen nothing yet." I smiled back motioning toward the growing bulge in my pants.

She then reached behind her. Unsnapped her bra and let it drop; exposing her nice full breasts. She cupped each of them with her hands and said shyly, "Sorry they're a little saggy. Breastfeeding three kids has taken its toll. They aren't as perky as they used to be."

"They're beautiful," I replied. Taking in every detail of her silver-dollar sized areolas. I noticed her left breast was slightly larger than her right. Regardless, I just wanted to hold and suck them both.

I started to unbutton my pants. My cock was already hard with anticipation and was clearly visible through my underwear. There was a small wet spot where the tip of my rod was pressing against the fabric.

"Looks like somebody's excited," she teased.

She quickly pulled her pants down and adjusted her black satin panties. Despite her efforts, I could easily see her hairy bush poking out from each side.

She had hardly finished removing her pants when I slid my underwear off. My hard, erect cock pointing directly at her. "Wow, I knew you would have a great looking cock," she complimented.

"Now its time to see that beautiful pussy of yours," I echoed. My loins burning with anticipation.

She easy slid her panties off revealing her hairy pussy. "Sorry she is a little unkept. I haven't really trimmed her since Josh left." She apologized.

"I like the all-natural look. Why don't you lie on the bed and spread your legs?" I asked.

She sidled over the edge of the bed and sat down slowly. As she leaned back against the pile of pillows she threw her right leg out exposing her beautiful pink folds. She reached down with her left hand and spread he lips apart revealing her swollen labia. I stared intently as I slowly stroked my cock up and down.

"I would kill to suck on those lips." I gasped. 

"We said we were only going to look. No touching." She countered.

"I know. I know." I begrudged. "What if we just lay next to each other for a little bit?"

"Ok, but no touching." She warned. 

I positioned myself along side her, but laid the opposite way so my head was near her snatch and my cock was pointing right in her face – both of us on our sides. I leaned in to get a closer look. I could see her lips were a little moist which begged me to play with them.

I slowly started to rub her knee with my finger. She adjusted slightly spreading her legs open wider. I was just about ready to take a chance and touch her pussy when I felt her grab my cock and slowly lick its tip with her tongue. 

"I get a taste if you do." I whined. I didn't even wait for a response as I buried my head between her legs and began licking her sweet folds. She let out a soft moan as I stuck my tongue deep inside her pussy. I brushed her dark brown bush to the side and tickled her clit with my tongue as I slowly worked her wet hole with my finger.

By this time she has taken my whole head inside her mouth and was rhythmically stroking me up and down as she sucked me deeper and deeper.

I refocused my attention and took her entire clit and upper labia into my mouth and began to suck passionately as I messaged her folds with my tongue. My pace quickened as I added a second finger to her juicy pussy.

I could feel her pussy pulsate around my fingers and she contracted tightly and let out a soft moan. She stopped working my cock and laid there with her eyes closed focusing intently on the tingles shooting through her body.

"Make me cum." She moaned. 

"Not yet." I said as I repositioned myself to have better access to her swollen, wet box. I spread her apart widely with my fingers and buried my tongue deep inside her – her juices tasting so sweet. I began working my fingers once again and massaged her clit with my tongue as I pushed in and out. My entire hand was wet at this point as she continued to roll her hips toward my finger thrusts.

She arched her back and grabbed her breasts. I felt her pussy clamp down hard on my fingers again and then her body went into orgasmic convulsions as she grunted and moaned. I slowed my paced and gently flicked her hyper-sensitive clit with my tongue – each one sending a shiver through her body. 

"I want to be inside you so badly." I breathed. 

"We can't." She groaned.

"What if I just lay on top of you? We can just grind without penetration." I countered.

"Ok. Just for a bit." She relented.

She slowly parted her legs and I laid between them. I laid there motionless at first – just taking in the warmth of her breasts against my chest and feeling her hot, wet folds press against my throbbing unit.

I slowly started to move my hips and she closed her eyes and moaned as I ground my hard shaft against her. I looked her in the eyes as I made long strokes up and down – the length of my shaft rubbing against her smooth, wet slit.

I hesitated slightly and then kissed her passionately. She pulled me closer – one hand on my shoulder the other clutching my ass tightly.

When our lips parted she whispered, "You can stick it in once if you promise to pull it right out." 

She didn't have to ask me twice. In one fluid motion I rocked my hips back so that the tip of my cock was against her wet lips. I pressed inward and my thick shaft easily penetrated her and my balls slammed into her ass. We both moaned loudly. I laid there motionless feeling her soft pussy envelop my throbbing cock.

"Do you really want me to pull it out?" I asked as I rocked my hips back and forth. She grabbed me by the back of the neck and kissed me long and deep. Before we finished our kiss I was thrusting forcefully in and out. 

"Fuck me," she groaned, "oh, fuck me. That's it baby. Just like that."

"I've wanted to fuck you since the first day I saw you." I confessed as I pounded my cock into to her quivering pussy. The sound of her wet pussy was getting louder with each pump of my hips.

I could feel my orgasm building and my rod stiffened. "You're going to make me cum." I moaned. 

"Pull out and cum in my mouth." She exclaimed.

I could feel it building in my legs as I got closer with each push. Slamming in and out of her. Then I jumped up with my cock in my hand guiding it into her waiting mouth. I released a large squirt which hit her in the face as she was taking my cock inside her mouth. She thirstily sucked down the rest as I dumped a huge load. 

"Umm." She moaned as she wiped her mouth and face.

I laid down next to her – both of us catching our breath. 

"So much for no penetration." She laughed.

"I know. I know. But I have to say that was pretty fucking amazing. Better than I thought it would be." I replied.

"You can never tell anyone about this. Promise me." She begged.

"I promise." I said. "But since this is our last time I think we should do it once more before I leave – this time doggy style."

"Seriously?" she asked looking down and seeing that my cock was still rock hard. "Josh has never been able to keep it up after he cums. I am impressed" she remarked.

She immediately rolled over onto her hands and knees. I positioned myself behind her and lowered her hips slightly so that the angle was just right.

I reach between her legs and slowly guided myself inside once again. I buried my cock to its hilt and gently ground my hips against her. 

"I've never felt anything that deep before. You are so deep." She moaned.

I reached around with my other hand and slowly began to rub her clit. Her pussy instantly clinched and a shutter ran through her body. "Softly, she's still a little sensitive." She cautioned.

I lightened my touch and slowly began to move in and out. She rocked back and forth to coincide with my rhythm. I increased my cadence and started thrusting harder. I could see her face in the dresser mirror across the room. Her eyes were shut and her mouth was open. She bit her lip as I pounded her harder.

Her body tightened and she arched her back once again as another orgasm pulsed through her sending her into convulsions again. I was close behind as I shot another huge load – this time deep inside her.

I collapsed on top of her and we both fell onto the bed – breathing in sync without saying a word. I rolled off of her and lay there beside her with one hand on her ass, rubbing it gently.

"Thanks hon." I gasped in between breaths.

"Thank you," she said. Rolling over and kissing me on the shoulder as she got up to go to the bathroom.

We slowly dressed and walked downstairs.

I turned as I was walking out the door, "You were amazing. Thanks for making my fantasy come true." I said.

"That was quite honestly one of the best lays I have ever had," she replied. "You've certainly given me something to remember."

She gave me a hug and kiss on the cheek. I turned and walked down the sidewalk toward my car. 

I think about that day often and wonder if she thinks about that night as much as I do. Hopefully she'll come back to visit and I can ask her.