 This is my 1st attempt at starting a new series and I hope that you would like it. I would be deeply honoured by your comments and suggestions which would in turn help in improving the series experience. Feel free to contact me via the feedback portal.

**********************************

Mr. Ajay Gupta was a 56-year-old widowed businessman and a millionaire. Even at this age, he was fit and possessed an attractive charisma. His wife had died 20 years ago and since then he had grown his once a small business to the multi-million-rupee size. His 22-year-old son was completing his studies in England, and this was the only reason why Mr. Gupta never remarried and spent a lot of time and attention towards his son's infant care and growth till a point he sent him to England for higher studies.

Mr. Gupta missed his late wife dearly, with whom he had only a brief and traditional conservative sex life; he never dared venture into the female escorts territory. His lack of flirting abilities in addition to the scaling up of his business took a toll out of his body and time in his youth; which was one of the reasons why he was sexually inexperience and also married late at the age of 35 to an equally sexually novice virgin woman in her early 20s. Lack of sexual experience in his youth made Mr. Gupta longed for a female companionship to fill the void in his lonesome life. That's why the sex ratio in his office where he personally sat compared to his other offices, was heavily skewed in favour of females. Some of the female employees were under-qualified for the job as Mr. Gupta believed in positive affirmative action for women emancipation so that they can prove their worth and earn a decent living for themselves.

Over the years, he had developed a very caring and compassionate attitude towards his office staff since he himself yearned the cuddling warmth of a female. Mr. Gupta would even go to lengths to redress the personal problems of his staff. His homely and caring nature towards his staff including male workers, made him quite popular amongst his staff as he considered them like a family. Anyone close to him knew how much care he used to take in his business, staff, and their personal welfare.

********************************

Raj Sharma had been working with Mr. Gupta for a few months and was touched by his generosity and humbleness. At times he used to look up to him like a father figure and admire him a lot. Raj was very good in academics since his childhood and always scored good grades throughout his academic career. He was hardworking, soft spoken, humble, and generous, just like Mr. Gupta; just one of the many reasons why Raj had come so close to Mr. Gupta within months.

Raj who was 31 years old, was married to a young and attractive lady -- Priya who had recently celebrated her 23rd birthday. Since Raj and Priya had a few years of difference in their age, their marriage was arranged by their respective families. Rather Priya was coerced by her parents into marrying Raj while Raj's parents wanted a beautiful & young wife for Raj before he gets too old in age for marriage according to conservative Indian society. Paucity of time and hurriedness shown by both the family left little or no time for Raj and Priya to get to know each other properly before getting married. Due to this, neither of the two really came to know about each other's past.

Raj hovered around 5 feet 8 inches with an average nerd dusky look, body and personality. He had never kissed a girl before, let alone having any prior sexual experience. Although he had seen porn and loved to masturbate seeing erotic scenes, he hardly possessed the stamina and would experience early ejaculations. He however was an academic champion destined for a glittering career and big money.

Priya was quite the contrary to Raj. She was young, beautiful and possessed an attractive personality. She stood at 5 feet 7 inches in height and had long toned beautiful legs. She had an hourglass figure for which she worked hard to maintain. She possessed big, tight, and round boobs and had a shapely bubble butt. They would jiggle in tandem whenever she walked. Her pink nipples and pussy were a sight to die for which was due to her fair complexion. In short, she was quite a bombshell and Raj simply got lucky that he somehow married a girl out-of-his-league.

Priya was very popular and had many admirers of her beauty in her neighbourhood, school and college. Yes, Priya was nowhere novice when it came to sex. She had lost her virginity at a very early age of 14 to her school senior and lost her anal virginity at the age of 16 to one of her cousins who was also her classmate. During one of the wild & crazy drunk parties in college, she even got gangbanged where she had even experienced double penetration. She knew how to use her sexual charm in order to gain favours from people. Rumour has it that she had many sexual partners of various ages, as young as herself to as old as her father's age; some were even her cousins. She even ended up getting an abortion while she got pregnant during one of her college sexcapade. That's why Priya's parents were in a hurry to get her married to a decent man in order to save themselves from further disgrace in the Indian society.

Priya's parents' prayers were answered when Raj's family floated the marriage proposal for Raj and Priya. Raj got a trophy wife, beautiful, and a figure to show off; and as for Priya, she gave in to her parents' pressure because of the high earning job of Raj as she too would get what she had dreamt of - a high earning husband who could take care of all her shopping expenses and tantrums. Priya was very fond of expensive gifts, posh restaurants, costly vacations and best of part of their marriage was that, Raj could afford most of them. Therefore, now Priya committed herself towards Raj and had came out of her past life.

Their married life was not so happening. Although Raj could fulfil Priya's social security needs, he could not satisfy her sexual carnal desires. Raj being an inexperienced lover, always left Priya high and dry. For the initial few weeks, Raj would always suffer from premature ejaculation just by looking at the hot naked body of his wife. Priya always maintained a very healthy pubic hygiene; she would always keep her pussy either clean shaven or neatly trimmed and this made Raj's early ejaculation problem worse as he could not resist the sight of his wife's pink pussy lips along with perky pink nipples. It was always up to Priya to initiate and take the lead in order to steer the ship. Raj on the other hand, had grown a jungle down his pubic area which made his below-average-sized dick of 4½ inches when fully erect appear even smaller. She had to resort to hand-jobs and blowjobs in order to bring it back to life for penetration; after Raj had suffered multiple pre-ejaculations. However, much of her attempts went in vain as Raj's academic skills fell short in matters relating to bed.

*****************************************

Both of them spent a year in their home town before Raj moved on to this new job with Mr. Gupta's firm and so for the last few months they have shifted to this new city life. Raj's pay was even higher and with that Priya's demands rose higher too. Raj worked in the Sales and Marketing department of the firm which even required him to be travelling a lot; this new work profile of Raj's was detrimental for their married life however Priya was satisfied as long as her materialistic needs were getting fulfilled. Due to his hard work, intelligence and dedication, Raj quickly rose in ranks within his department and this made him to work in close relationship with Mr. Gupta, often meeting in general meetings and presentations; thus, bringing the two much closer professionally.

Raj was so inspired with Mr. Gupta that he used to talk about him at home too. There wasn't a single day when he hadn't mentioned about him. Priya by now almost knew every details of his life -- how he was a small-time merchant once and how he had grown to be so rich and famous, yet was so humble and down to the earth. The more she heard about him, the more she longed to see him in person. The prospect of meeting rich and successful people always fascinated her and she even started dreaming about meeting Mr. Gupta. It would be so nice to have an acquaintance who is so influential and rich, she thought.

Soon that chance too came Priya's way on the annual day celebration of the company. Mr. Gupta organizes a warm dinner party every year for his staff and their family where he can spend some time with the near and dear ones of the one's whom he considers family. And like every year this year too, a gala party was held at a posh location in the city. The party was beaming with cheerful faces of the company's staffs and their family. Raj too had come with Priya who was looking ravishing in a backless saree. Her curves were accentuated in the low waist saree and she was a real head-turner in the party.

Priya was super excited to meet the legendary Mr. Gupta about whom she had heard so much from Raj. He introduced his wife to Mr. Gupta, who greeted her so gently and with warmth that she couldn't believe that he was a down-to-earth multi-millionaire. In addition to this, Priya was quite smitten by the physical attractiveness of Mr. Gupta, having a tall physique of 6 feet with broad shoulders and chest; even though he had a belly pooch, he looked very fit for his age. On the other hand, Mr. Gupta was also in awe of the heavenly beauty in front of him. He somehow inadvertently brought the hand of Priya closer to his lips during their handshake and gave it a gentle kiss on her soft and smooth hand.

After few minutes of pleasantries, Mr. Gupta moved on to meet his other staffs and their family. Raj too took Priya to meet his other colleagues, but for Priya nothing else mattered but Mr. Gupta. She met everyone else with smile and warm greetings, but often looked around to steal a glance of Mr. Gupta. On more than twice an occasion, their gazes locked and both smiled out of embarrassment. There was something in her which made Mr. Gupta feel something differently too. That quaint gaze made him feel a bit uncomfortable, but he didn't pay much attention to it. However, he too wanted to turn around and steal a glance at her but didn't understand why.

The party got over and everyone started to leave. Priya and Raj came to seek Mr. Gupta's leave, and once again he felt uneasy under the beaming stare of the beautiful and attractive lady. She was by far the most attractive woman present at the event that day, or even among the ones Mr. Gupta had met till date. Something in her mannerism attracted him but he quickly checked his feelings. Priya however often had this effect on men, and she used this quite effectively to get a guy dance to her tunes.

The ride back home was quite with Priya thinking about Mr. Gupta, his charisma, stature, position in society, etc. throughout their way back. That night, Raj and Priya were super charged up sexually. Raj felt proud in showcasing his trophy-wife to others while Priya had only Mr. Gupta in her mind. She faked multiple orgasms in order to keep Raj charged up to pound her all night while she imagined that it was Mr. Gupta who was pumping her aroused pussy instead of Raj, who cummed 4 times before going to sleep due to sheer exhaustion. Although this was Raj's best performance in bed till date in terms of number of orgasms but as usual, he would cum pretty easily and quickly with short bursts & pumps. Like always, Priya had to finger herself to an orgasm after Raj sleeps. Tonight, her pussy was on fire and she brought herself to an explosive orgasm thinking about Mr. Gupta's cock pumping & drilling her pussy mercilessly. She didn't sleep all night and thought about wanting to know more about Mr. Gupta and how to gain his attention while her husband snored next to her; and within weeks she prepared a small thesis on him.

Mr. Gupta even in his late 50s was still very fit and attractive, and the secret behind that was his daily fitness routine. He used to spend a couple of hours every day at a famous fitness club and slowly Priya started plotting a plan to get closer to him. Without making her intentions clear, she wanted to join a fitness club, the same fitness club where Mr. Gupta goes. She made the excuse of getting bored at home and also wanted to be conscious about her health and figure. Raj unaware of his wife's hidden intentions; who drooled over his wife's excellently toned and curved body, immediately dished out the money required and within the next day, Priya had joined the club. She had also chosen the same hour when Mr. Gupta comes and now it was all up to her charms.

Priya bought bold clothes -- extra tight tops & leggings, sport suites, yoga pants and mini pants. In them her 34D breasts looked like bombshells and her ass looked deliciously spankable. The next morning in the club -- Mr. Gupta was already there and was going through his daily routine when Priya entered. She had worn a two-piece sports suite which consisted of a tight sports bra and an equally tight legging. The clothes were so tight that it appeared that the fabric stitching would give away. All eyes were upon Priya, the women looked with admiration & jealousy while the males looked with burning lust. She did notice some really hot and handsome guys who probably had the potential to fuck her all-night long and quench her long unsatisfied sexual thirst but her target was someone else, a much mature but filthy rich Mr. Gupta.

She had intentionally taken a spot where he wouldn't have missed her. Mr. Gupta had met her once only but that meeting had left such an impression on him that he recognized her immediately, but he couldn't gather the courage to talk to her. And when it seemed like it was not working, Priya herself turned around and locked gaze with him. As soon as their gazes locked, Priya behaved as if she was surprised with such a coincidence. Mr. Gupta was disarmed by Priya's radiating smile and walked up to greet her. Priya's top was deep-cut giving a good peek at her cleavage too and she looked so desirable that even a man of principles like Mr. Gupta couldn't resist staring at her cleavage and shapely butts along with the long legs. Mr. Gupta wondered how lucky Raj was to have such a sexy wife like Priya, and kept staring at her whenever he could in between his exercises.

Such awkward engagements continued for a few more days and then finally one day Mr. Gupta gathered enough courage to talk to Priya when his gym session was over. Both took a bath in the spa section and would later meet at the eatery section of the club. Out of courtesy, he offered to drop Priya home in his car when he came to know that she takes a cab every day for commuting. And thus, such small talks broke the ice and it became a routine, every morning, they met at the club, exercised together, took either steam or sauna baths together in the unisex spa area, have breakfast or a cup of coffee in the club and then Mr. Gupta would drop Priya at her home before leaving for office.

Priya however made him promise that he will never tell Raj that they meet outside regularly. She had told him that Raj didn't like her meeting anyone and the fitness club is the only place and time when she can venture out of the house as Raj is a later riser and would leave for office by the time she reaches home. Mr. Gupta never thought that Raj would be so conservative but didn't suspect any foul play. Thus, within a short time, both Mr. Gupta & Priya got closer. Their fitness session often involved more personal talks, touching, hugging, and playful teasing & flirting. Mr. Gupta overwhelmed by the company of a lady so young and so attractive and craved her attention so much that they even started having breakfast together at any coffee shop before dropping her home with a kiss on the cheek.

During these meetings, Priya made up stories to make Mr. Gupta sympathetic towards her. She told him that she was forced into marriage with Raj when she wanted to study further, be an independent woman, have an aspiring career, but her parents got her married instead. Raj too didn't like her going out much or interacting with strangers and that's why he wanted Priya to be a sit-at-home housewife; all that sounded a bit surprising and was a hard pill to swallow for Mr. Gupta. However, he was so mesmerised by the charm of such an exquisite beauty that Mr. Gupta thought more from his dick rather than his brain whenever he was with Priya.

With time, their meetings became longer and their talks became franker and bolder; their hugs became longer and more emphatic, their kisses on the cheeks became wetter and more often. From an outsider perspective, their relationships would appear to be that of husband-wife or a deeply romantic couple. The compliments exchanged between the two of them broke the threshold of innocence and became rather flirtier and sexy.

Mr. Gupta would often caress and lightly spank Priya's ass to which she would often respond with a seductive smile. Generally, on Sundays, they had swimming session and Priya ensured that she and Mr. Gupta would spend quality time at her place whenever Raj was out of station. In addition to this, they started conversing through text messages over the phone even during late nights. Priya came to know every personal detail about Mr. Gupta including his sex life during these conversations. She on the other hand, cooked up a story about her being a virgin at the time of her marriage and Raj forcefully fucked her like a rapist during their wedding night leaving her bruised and hurt and she even mentioned that Raj forces her to watch pornographic videos with him in order to emulate the same with her.

Then one day after their gym session had gotten over, they were in the secluded spot of the parking lot of the club when she told Mr. Gupta that Raj was not capable of satisfying her, or any woman in bed as he had a problem with his masculinity and that made him very jealous and possessive about her. He is otherwise very nice to others but whenever he sees her with any other man, even talking, he takes it as an attack to his masculinity. Mr. Gupta was shocked as he never anticipated anything like that and felt very sympathetic for Priya. She held his hands and cried and said how unhappy and sexually unsatisfied she was in her marriage. Mr. Gupta pressed her hand reassuringly and consoled her by hugging her into a tight embrace, kissing her forehead and caressing her back. Priya on her part ensured to hug Mr. Gupta as tight as she could and pressed her breasts against his chest in addition to lightly kissing and nibbling Mr. Gupta's ears and cheeks. In the heat of the moment, Priya beggingly looked at Mr. Gupta and he mustered enough courage to plant a soft kiss on her lips. The kiss was a brief one but it sent shivers down both of their bodies before both of them coming back to their senses.

While Raj remained completely oblivious of the chemistry brewing between Mr. Gupta and Priya. Priya was sure that her plan was working fine and she felt that it was time to take her plan on a higher level. So, one day she didn't go to the club which made Mr. Gupta a bit disturbed due to his sexy workout partner's absence. He called her immediately after the session but she didn't answer. That made him all the more concerned having heard about Raj's behaviour towards Priya, but he thought that he could do nothing much in a married couple's personal life and so he went to office. There he got some reassurance seeing Raj in a cheerful mood which dismissed his apprehensions about a quarrel between Raj & Priya. He tried calling Priya again several times that day but she didn't answer any of his calls.
