 The work week was finally over – Friday and time for cutting up with some friends at our local bar, as was our custom on most Friday nights. I was sitting on the sofa when a knock came on the door. It was my friend Bob who lived next door with his wife. Bob worked at the same place I did.

I opened the door and said "Come on in. Want a beer?"

"Sure."

So I took a couple of cold ones from the fridge.

"Will I see you and Emma later?" I asked.

"Yeah, and that's what I came to talk to you about," said Bob. "The women have launched a conspiracy and it involves you directly."

"How's that?"

"I'll take a lot of shit from my wife if she ever finds out I told you, but the women have arranged it so that you are left alone with Lynne tonight."

Lynne was one of the secretaries from my office, and although good looking, she was a little too conservative for my taste and never really let loose. However, it had also become apparent that she had been trying to get a date with me for several months.

"Then I guess I'll find a reason to leave early or not go at all," I said.

"That's not a good idea – Emma will figure out I told you and then my nuts will be in the wringer!"

"OK, I'll hang around, but she'll be disappointed. I just don't have that much interest in her, she's too reserved for me. I mean she's OK socially and can be fun when we're doing things as a group, but you know the kind of women I date. They're more into partying and not afraid of sex."

"Oh get off it! You know she's not a virgin and that whenever you're around she gets so wet she needs to sit on a bucket."

"That may be, but I can't imagine sex with her as anything but boring - strictly the missionary position. Besides, she’s way too interested in finding a husband."

"I think you're going about it all wrong. Call her bluff. Maybe she just needs someone to show her some new tricks."

"I don't know if I have that kind of patience."

"Listen, just stay cool and let her come to you. You can always let her know you're not interested in one way or another. But at least this way, I stay out of trouble and you can bring it to an end tonight and not have to deal with it again."

"You're right. But tell me how the women have conspired to arrange it."

"My wife had to tell me because we're going to make up some bullshit story about promising to meet some relatives who came in to visit for the weekend. Jane will develop a headache so she and her husband will have to leave. Joan will call later to say that Mike's flight is delayed and she doesn't want to go out alone. The others just won't show."

"Got it."

"Thanks for the beer, I'd better get home before my wife suspects something."

After Bob left, I began thinking about what he had said and I began to form a plot of my own. If Lynne wanted to get me alone, I would make it a challenge and make certain that it was on my terms. Once I got some ideas and figured out what I would say, I went out to pick up a few items that would be needed if she agreed. If it failed, then the twenty bucks would be worth preventing further complications.

I arrived at the bar around 8 o'clock. Bob and Emma had already arrived, but no one else from the usual crowd.

"Hi George! How are you?" said Emma with a little too much enthusiasm.

"I'm good, but I need a drink. Who else is coming tonight?"

"Just Jane and Bill ...and Lynne.," said Emma. " Joan called and said Mike was late so they're not coming. I don't know what anyone else is doing."

So I ordered a beer and grabbed a barstool. Soon Jane and Bill arrived and Emma took Jane aside. I didn't hear what they said, but they kept glancing in my direction.

Bob sat down next to me and asked, "So what did you decide?"

"I think its best if I kept that my secret, although you could hear some strange talk about me on Monday, depending on how my plan goes."

"Good. I don't like the girls thinking they can put one over on the guys."

Just then Lynne walked in. I was relieved to see she was in a skirt and blouse as these would fit nicely into my plan. She immediately headed to Jane and Emma. Again, they talked in hushed tones so it was hard to hear, but I did manage to hear Jane say, "It's all arranged." I noticed Lynne start to smile.

I leaned over and loudly asked if I could get Lynne a drink. All the women got smug expressions on their faces and Lynne gave me an enthusiastic yes. So I ordered her a Seabreeze (the same thing she always drank). When the drink arrived she walked over, took it and went back to talking with the women. After about ten minutes they came over and joined the guys.

Lynne came up to me and asked, "Would you get me another drink please?"

I was very surprised as she usually nursed about two drinks over the entire evening.

"Sure, no problem."

Lynne took the drink and remained standing next to me.

Just then, Emma said to Bob, "Don't you think it's time for us to go to your dad's house?"

"Leaving so soon?" I said.

"Yeah," said Bob, "some nitwit relatives of mine are down from New York and my mom insisted that we stop by to visit. What a waste of a perfectly good night. I'd much rather be here where there should be some excitement."

Bam! Emma whacked Bob on the arm. "It won't be that bad and I like your aunt. Good night everyone!" As Bob and Emma headed towards the door, I could here Emma saying something to Bob about "ruining everything."

For the next fifteen minutes, those of us remaining started talking about the weekend and what each of us were planning. When I asked Lynne if she had any plans, she said no, but was hoping something would come up, otherwise just doing laundry, cleaning her apartment and "reading one of her stupid romance novels.". She then turned and took a long swig of her drink.

Jane then took Bill aside, after which Bill anounced, "Jane's getting a headache, she didn't sleep well last night, so I guess we're headed home."

"Too bad." I said, "Looks like no sex for you tonight." Lynne blushed, while the rest of us enjoyed the time-honored joke. "See you Monday, Bill." They left with the usual good byes.

I finished my beer, turned to Lynne and said, "Looks like the night's ending early. I think I'll go home and catch the end of the Yankees game."

"Don't go!" she blurted out and lightly grabbed my arm. Quickly composing herself, she said, "What I mean is I've still got half my drink left and I don't want to finish it alone. How about if I buy you a beer?"

"Sure, but I hope you're not trying to get me drunk so you can take advantage of me."

"The thought has crossed my mind." She took another long drink, almost finishing it.

"It will take more than a few beers to do that. A lot more."

"What do you mean?"

"It's a long story. I thought we were just gonna finish these drinks and head our separate ways. Are you certain you have the time?"

"I don't have any plans for tonight, so I have the time."

"OK. In that case, let's get you another drink, so you won't get thirsty." I ordered another round and began, "First I need your promise that what I tell remains strictly between us."

"OK, I promise."

"Also, just listen to what I have to say and don't stop me until I have finished." She nodded in agreement, as I continued, "It's been pretty obvious that you've been trying to get a date with me for some time, but have you ever wondered why I haven't asked?"

"Almost daily," she replied very softly.

"The reason is that I doubt if we'd be compatible on a physical level. I'm not some gallant romantic who will ride in and sweep you off your feet as I imagine the heroes in your romance novels do. I'm much more basic than that. You've heard about or seen some of the women I've dated and must know that I go more for women a little on the trashy side. I'm not the lovey-dovey type. I expect a woman to be my personal slut and sex slave.."

"But.."

"Hold on, I'm not finished." I took several swallows of beer to calm myself and build my courage to continue. Lynne did the same with her drink, although she had a sort of deer in the headlights look.

"Anyway, Lynne, it really becomes a question of not only if you think you might want to try this, but whether you can willing give yourself to me in that way and be ready to follow my commands as far as sex is concerned. In public, we would be just another average looking couple, although you would have to dress in a sexier, more revealing style."

Another slug of beer. "Now before you give me an answer, I want you to think about it carefully. I'm going to the mens' room. When I get back, if you're still here, that will mean yes. BUT... there will be a test before we leave to make certain I am convinced of your commitment. If you're not here, that means no, and we can forget this conversation ever happened, along with any possibility of our dating."

"What will the test be?"

I couldn't believe my ears. Could she actually be considering staying?

"I cannot tell you. You've got to be ready to accept your position, but you can trust that it will be relatively simple, although you may find it a bit disconcerting - if I know you like I think I do."

With that, I got up and walked to the back of the bar towards the head. My pulse was racing as I couldn't really believe I had just given my ultimatum, and even more, Lynne had actually sat and listened to the whole thing without storming out or, worse, tossing a drink in my face. Because of the alcove at the entrance of the men's room, I could catch a glimpse of the bar as I entered. She was still there. I took several deep breaths and then a much needed piss.

As I left the head, I again used the alcove to look into the bar. So far, so good; she was still there. I had to watch for a minute and enjoy her anticipation as she sat fidgeting on the bar stool and taking quick, nervous sips of her drink. I headed back to the bar. She saw me and smiled, although there was some fear in her eyes.

"I must admit I'm surprised that you're still here, but it's a very pleasant surprise," I said and then gave her a full deep kiss. She responded in kind.

"Now it's time for your test Lynne. Are you sure you want to go on?"

"I think so," she said. "I'm nervous and excited all at the same time. I can't seem to stop shaking and my heart's pounding."

"Try to relax. Take some deep breaths. I am hoping tonight will be very pleasurable for both of us, but it's more than your heart that will get pounded tonight. Now, what you must do is go into the ladies room and bring me back your underwear, both the bra and the panties."

"Do I have to? People will know I'm not wearing a bra and this skirt is too short to go without my underwear."

"Your choice. Either you do and soon we'll go back to my house, or I go home alone now. Besides, do you think anybody else in here really knows what you're doing, let alone, cares?"

"What should I do with my ...things.. when they're off?"

"Just put them in your purse and bring them to me. NOW GO!"

Lynne got up and went to the ladies' room. She walked a little unsteadily. I just wondered if it was the drinks or her anxiety, but probably both. About five minutes later she came back, her stride shorter than usual and looking around to see if anyone noticed the difference. By the way she was acting, you'd have thought she walked out naked. I liked the way her tits jiggled as she walked, 34B came to mind.

"Well, have a seat," I said. "Let's have another round and then we'll go."

"I'd rather stand, but I could use another drink."

"No, you'll sit on that barstool. If you're so scared, just get on carefully and keep yourself facing the bar," She awkwardly slid onto the bar stool.

The drinks came and Lynne immediately took a long pull on hers.

I turned to her and said, "That wasn't so bad now was it? It's all in your head – no one in here has even looked our way. Although I must say your tits look much better free than confined."

Lynne leaned up against the bar and blushed. She folded one arm across her chest and used her other hand to take another drink.

"OK, now give me your underwear."

She handed me her purse and said, "Please be discreet."

I held her purse under the bar. Taking them one at a time, wadded in my hand, I stuck them in my jacket pocket. I noticed her panties were slick with her juices. I rubbed my nose to get whiff of my fingers – definitely pussy juice.

"Alright then, I've finished my beer, why don't you finish your drink and we'll go."

"What about my car?"

"We'll leave it here and fetch it in the morning."

Part II 

As I drove through the dark night, I said, "Unbutton your blouse and show me your tits."

"I couldn't, some one might see."

I pulled the car to a stop on the shoulder. "This is the last time I'm going to tell you. You do as I say or we can go back to your car and forget this whole thing. Besides, it's pitch black out so no one except me will see. That's the fun. It seems so naughty and dangerous, but it's really safe. You can trust me that I will never put you in an unsafe position, I promise. Let yourself go and enjoy the excitement. God knows you certainly need it. Now are you ready to go on?"

"Yes."

I started out again and Lynne began unbuttoning her blouse without further instruction.

"Open it wide, I want to see all of your tits." I periodically glanced at her, but kept my concentration on the road and on making Lynne get accustomed to showing me her body. "Now, play with your tits, rub them, pull on the nipples, show me what feels good."

"I..."

"DO IT. NOW!"

She started rubbing them softly, then slowly began to play with her nipples, lightly flicking them with her fingertips, as her breathing became more rapid with occasional gasps.

I then pulled into the driveway.

"Don't button your blouse, just follow me in."

I took her into the living room and dimmed the lights just enough so that we could still see each other.

"Now that we are alone, I will give you the rules of how to conduct yourself when we are here alone. Get on your knees here in front of me." She knelt. I picked up the velvet choker I had purchased earlier and put it on her neck. "When I put this on you, you are in your sex slave mode. While wearing it, when I give you an order, you will carry it out immediately and reply by saying 'Yes Sir.' You will be known as 'Slut.' Do you agree and understand?"

"Yes. I mean yes, sir"

"That's good. Now stand up. When referring to parts of your body, you will only use tits, cunt, ass, and asshole. Do you understand, Slut?"

I think she gasped slightly when I said asshole, but did not give any other alarm, and replied, "Yes sir."

"Good. Now what are these, slut?" I grabbed one her tits lightly in each hand.

"Tits."

"Tits, who?"

"Tits, sir"

"Much better". I reached under her skirt and rubbed her cunt, sliding my fingers in her moist lips. She nearly collapsed as I found her clit. "Now what is this, Slut?" 

"Cunt, sir."

I walked behind her, raised her skirt and grabbed an ass with both hands. "This?"

"Ass, sir."

"Now bend over and spread your ass for me."

She hesitated, so I gave her a quick slap across each asscheek.

"Ow!"

"Disobedience is not allowed and will be dealt with by a firm spanking. Remember rule number one: all orders are to be followed immediately. Now bend over and spread your ass with both hands, Slut."

She leaned forward and tentatively pulled open her ass.

"Now hold that position.” I rubbed her asshole. She shivered. "What's this?"

"Asshole, sir."

"Excellent. Let's review."

"Tits, sir. Cunt, sir. Ass, sir. Asshole sir."

"Now kneel. While in your collar, your body belongs to me. Your tits, your mouth, your cunt, your ass and your asshole are mine. Do you agree?"

"Yes, sir."

"Who do you tits belong to Slut?"

"They belong to you sir."

"How did I tell you to call them? And refer to yourself as slut."

"This slut's tits belong to you sir."

"Your mouth?"

"This slut's mouth belongs to you, sir."

"Your cunt?"

"This slut's cunt belongs to you, sir."

"Your ass?"

"This slut's ass belongs to you, sir."

"Your asshole?"

"This slut's a..a..ass..."

"Say it, slut!"

"This slut's asshole belongs to you, sir."

"Very good. Now stay where you are. I think you need a reward." 

Part III

I walked over to the sofa and sat down. "As your reward, I will let you suck my cock. Would you like to suck my cock?"

"Yes, sir."

"Now ask me nicely, what would my little slut like."

"Please sir, may your little slut suck your cock?"

"Yes, slut, you may."

She started to rise. "No, crawl over here, like a good slut."

She crawled over and sat on her knees by my feet.

"Now, open my pants and take out my cock. That's it. Kiss the head. Now suck on the head and make me hard." Damn she was good! It didn't take long for my cock to become fully engorged. "Now fuck my cock with your mouth. Show me how much of it you can take. Eventually, I will expect you to learn to take it all, but you will get lots of practice." Her head bobbed up and down on my cock enthusiastically, several times she pushed down too hard and gagged, but never stopped. I could feel the cum boiling and ready to burst. "I'm going to come. Pump my cock with your hand and spray it into you mouth." Lynne started jerking me off and holding her mouth near the end of my cock. Come started spurting, she kept pumping and only some went in her mouth, the rest on her nose and chin. Long gobs hung on her face. "Slut, wipe the come from your face and swallow it."

After Lynne had gotten the cum off her face, I told her to crawl into the bedroom, pull back the sheets, get undressed and lay face up on the bed with her legs spread wide. I would be along shortly. I watched her crawl down the hall. Nice ass, I thought. I went into the bathroom, filled a bowl with hot water, and gathered up the tray I had prepared – scissors, shave cream, a razor, and a mirror. I covered it all with a towel. She was going to get her cunt shaved to further mark her as my slave.

I entered the bedroom and found Lynne laying on the king sized bed with her legs slightly parted. Her eyes were closed. She had quite a good body with firm tits, the nipples nicely erect, a slim waist and attractively long legs. "I said your legs were to be spread wide. Now do it, slut., or do I need to spank you ass to get cooperation?"

"No sir." She slowly spread her legs. I could see her pubic hair and cunt lips glisten with moisture.

"Now bend your knees. That's it. Looks like your cunt is very wet, isn't it slut?"

"Yes, sir. My cunt is very wet."

"I like wet cunts, but I don't like them hairy, so we'll take care of that now."

Her eyes flew open and she saw the tray in my hand. "What is all that?...sir?"

I removed the towel from the tray.

"It's scissors, shave cream, a razor and cocoa butter. I'm going to shave your cunt bald so you have a constant reminder of your servitude. I will do it for you this one time, but after that, it is your responsibility to keep it that way. Of course, if you have trouble, you can always beg for my help. Do you promise to keep your cunt shaved for me?"

"Yes, sir, I promise to keep my cunt shaved."

"Good. Now raise your ass so I can slide this towel underneath you." She lifted her ass and I spread out the towel underneath her. First, I took the scissors and closely trimmed the hair. When I pulled on her pubes to get the scissors close, she moaned softly. I then lathered her cunt and shaved it bare. My pulling her lips during this obviously aroused her further, as more juice appeared and rolled down to her asshole.

"Now, bring your knees up to your tits so I can finish around your asshole, I don't like hair on that either." I finished shaving, wiped the remaining shave cream away, and then rubbed on the cocoa butter. "This will help keep the skin soft and help prevent any razor burn." Picking up the mirror from the tray, I said, "Now look at your cunt. This is how it must look from now on. You can put your legs down."
