 (Author's note: all characters in this story are pretty clearly over 18.

While some chapters will stand alone, this one really depends on Chapter 1 to make sense.

Many thanks for Ravenna for her help in making this a better story and for her continued patience with a newbie.)

*****

A Tail of Joanie

I worried all night about Joanie, wondering if I'd done the right thing or not. Ok, I knew I'd done the wrong thing - sleeping with a married woman is pretty much always wrong. But I contented myself with thinking that my friend had needed me and that I'd done the best I could to help her.

Then I stopped thinking about it much at all, truth be told, as I had to catch an early flight to the Bay area on Tuesday for client meetings. I managed to focus on work, including a nice night out with the customer and some of the other team members Tuesday night. We had a couple of meetings Wednesday morning and then I headed for a 2 pm flight home. Flying from West to East Coast is brutal, since you lose three hours the moment you step on the plane. The best flight I could get took me through O'Hare and didn't land in NC until midnight, which meant not getting home until at least 1 am.

I'd at least had the foresight to beg off meetings on Thursday, so I was able to sleep late and wake up, if not refreshed, at least not exhausted. I was looking forward to my walk with Joanie, hoping she would show up and that I hadn't irrevocably damaged our relationship. Yes, I know it wasn't all on me - she was an adult woman capable of making her own decisions. But she was also in a vulnerable space and I was having to convince my self that I hadn't taken advantage of that.

I was up, caffeinated, fed and catching up on some reading around 11 when I heard the text notification on my phone. It was from Joanie. 

"dont feel much like wlkng 2day. do need to see u. come by at 12?"

I replied that I would and then spent the next hour worrying about what she was going to say. Had she talked to her husband Mark? Had I messed things up for her? I gave up any thought of getting any more work done and just sat and fretted for the rest of the hour. 

I left the house a few minutes early, thinking I'd take the long way around to clear my head and get a little fresh air. It had gotten a lot cooler over the week, really feeling like fall, and I had a sudden realization from the trail of candy wrappers across the sidewalk that I had somehow missed Halloween while in flight and it had become November without me really noticing.

I was halfway around the block when I heard the phone chime at me again. Joanie.

"just come on in doors unlckd"

That seemed odd but I was almost at her house and didn't have time to worry much about why. I crossed her front porch, past the fake spiderwebs and the slightly sagging jack-o-lantern and stood in front of the door long enough to take a couple of deep breaths. Willing my shoulders to relax, I opened the door and stepped into Joanie's living room, standing just inside for a couple of moments while my eyes adjusted to the darker interior. When it was obvious that she wasn't in the room, I called, "Joanie? Where are you?" Her reply came from the back of the house, from the first-floor master bedroom that she had emerged from a few days before.

I quickly crossed the room and stepped through the short hall into Joanie and Mark's bedroom. I might be able to tell you now how it was furnished or what the draperies looked like but at the time, I only had eyes for Joanie. She was lying back on their queen-sized bed, back propped up on a couple of pillows, wearing nothing but a smile. Her legs were slightly spread, relaxed, as she slowly caressed the insides of those delectable thighs and lightly brushed her fingertips across her sex. 

I stood there in the doorway like a mannequin, mesmerized by the sight of my friend stretched out on her bed and ready for attention. Her blonde hair, which I usually saw pulled into a ponytail, was spread out over her pillows like a cloud. Her creamy white breasts stood out in contrast to her tanned shoulders and arms, brown from years of standing on the sidelines of soccer and lacrosse practice. Since Monday, she had trimmed her pubic hair into a thin landing strip, guiding my eyes to her perfect sex, those lower lips already damp from her slow strokes.

"Are you going to just stare or are you going to join me?" She jolted me from my reverie and I slowly, almost reverently, walked towards the bed. I'm sure she expected me to tear off my clothes and hop onto the bed, but I was not going to rush this. I already knew that I was likely never going to have this chance again with her, regardless of what happened when her husband got home, and I was determined that we were both going to enjoy it to the fullest.

I knelt at the foot of their platform bed and leaned to my left so that I could kiss the sole of her right foot. I heard a sharp intake of breath as my tongue slipped out and I firmly licked up her instep. I switched back to kisses and slowly made my way up her calf before stopping toslowly lick what I could reach of the back of her knee. She had spread her legs wider to accommodate me, exposing more of the inside of her thighs and I covered her right with kisses and nibbles, until I reached the top. Her fingers were now softly moving over her mons with occasional dips down to tweak her clit and I could smell her arousal as I kissed and lightly licked the very top of her thigh, just below the cleft separating her leg from her sex.

She gasped as I stopped and raised my head, looking her in the eyes and smiling before moving back down and starting the same journey with her left leg. The gasp turned into a groan as she realized that I was planning on teasing her for a while longer, and her finger-work became a little more insistent. I may have rushed a little this time, not giving her left leg quite the attention that the right one got, as I was getting pretty worked up myself. 

So maybe a little sooner than I had planned, I found myself back up at the top of her shapely leg. I slid my arms under her thighs, until they were cradled in my elbows. Then I slowly lowered my face to her pussy, enjoying the view and the aroma of her sex before slowly stroking just the outside of her swollen lips with my tongue. I was beyond trying to tease at this point but I did want to build slowly so she (and I) could enjoy this for awhile.

Joanie sighed and tilted her hips up to give me a better angle. Her eyes closed and her head went further back into her pillows as she moved her hands to my head, pulling me down a little harder into her. I responded to her growing urgency by pressing my tongue through her folds into her warm pussy, the bridge of my nose now pressing into her clit. She rubbed herself up against me, moaning as I could feel her tighten, well, everything. 

I raised up a little and slid my right arm out from under her, moving up so that I could kiss and lick her clit while I slid two fingers inside her as deep as they would go. That got a yelp out of her and she started bucking her hips up and down as I pumped my fingers in and out of her in the same rhythm. "Jim... Oh!... Jim... shit!... Oh! make me cum baby make me cum oh make me cum... ooooohhh!" Her pussy squeezed around my fingers tightly as she raised her hips off the bed one more time and then collapsed. I held my fingers still inside her and continued to softly kiss her sex as she let out a big sigh and every muscle in her body relaxed.

After a few moments, she took my head in her hands again and motioned for me to move up beside her. I slid up the bed and put my arms around her, holding her close with her face buried in my chest while I stroked her hair. She pulled back after a minute and looked up at me. "You know you're still wearing clothes, right?" she grinned. 

"Been busy," I responded, before kissing her deeply. She certainly didn't seem to mind tasting herself on me and eagerly responded to the kissing as she started tugging at my shirt. I moved away for a moment, pulling my sweatshirt and t-shirt off in one move before tackling my jeans. 

Finally I was as naked as she was and I stretched out beside her, my head towards the foot of the bed. She rolled over on top of me, on her hands and knees straddling me with those world-class boobs massaging my chest as she looked me in the eyes. She said quietly, "Jim, I can never tell you how much Monday meant to me. But I want to show you. I want to give you something that is just yours, that I've never given my husband or any other man." 

I raised my eyebrows in a question but she didn't explain further. She pulled herself off of me and rolled over to reach into her nightstand. I couldn't see what she took out as she closed the drawer and then moved to the head of the bed.

She rolled over onto her back again, much as she'd been when I first got there, what, forty-five minutes ago now? Only this time she raised her knees up towards her chest, spreading her legs wide with her feet in the air. Then I could see what she had picked up - a pink bottle of lube that she was now spreading over the fingers of her left hand. She moved the opening of the bottle down over her crotch and squeezed it again to drip more clear lube over her brown bud, letting it run down her crack onto the bed. She flipped the top of the lube closed and back-handed it in my direction before turning her attention back to her ass. 

Those lubed fingers were starting to get busy, spreading the joy around her little butthole in preparation of... well, I could only hope. She slipped her middle finger inside easily, up to the second knuckle, working it slowly in and out while her right hand occupied itself again on her pussy. If one finger was good, two appeared to be better as her ring finger joined in and together they made it all the way inside her rear. 

I was sitting up on my knees at the foot of the bed, watching as she clearly intended me to do. She was putting on a private show for me and whether it ended in audience participation or not, I was enjoying the hell out of it. It didn't hurt that I knew she'd never done this for anyone else before - she said it was mine and I trusted her for that.

Her fingers pistoned in and out of her asshole more rapidly as her right hand flew over her clit and her moans grew loader. My cock was straining as I enjoyed my private show, knowing better than to touch myself as it would have taken about three strokes to get me off at that point. Joanie's back arched and she stifled a shriek as she came again, lowering her back onto the bed and raising her head to look into my eyes as she moaned through her orgasm.

She relaxed back into the bed, panting and gasping for breath for a few moments before she looked at me again and said with a dirty smile, "I threw that lube at you for a reason, you big dummy. Are you going to fuck me or what?" This was a side of my friend Joanie that I hadn't imagined existed and I spent all of about four seconds wondering whether it was new or something long buried, before flipping the top of the lube and spreading it over my rock-hard cock.

Joanie was still on her back, legs spread and knees pulled back to her chest. I was not a veteran of anal sex at the time, my previous attempts being a couple of clumsy, drunken adventures with my college girlfriend that resulted in us deciding that it wasn't for us. But I was sober this time and this was Joanie's gift to me and I was raring to go.

I moved up and over her, holding myself up with straight arms before lowering myself down to kiss her deeply. She reached down and found my slippery dick and guided me to her back entrance. I entered her very slowly, both because I didn't want to hurt her and because I was afraid I'd cum right there without making it any further. She put her hands on my hips and pulled me to her and into her and I could feel her relax around me as I kept pushing into her ass.

It felt... incredible. Very different. She was warm and tight and delicious, and as wonderful as it felt, I thought I might be able to last a little longer than I sometimes did. I bottomed out (ha, sorry) and slowly started to pull back out when Joanie, a little frustrated, shouted, "You're not gonna break me, dammit! Fuck me already!" 

I let the lube to do its job then and started thrusting in and out of her little asshole, trusting her to let me know if I was hurting her. But if it was hurting, it was clearly a good hurt given her reaction. She went from stroking her clit to sliding two fingers inside her pussy, adding to the pressure from my cock invading her backside. A few minutes of that and she started shaking as another orgasm hit her. She tightened around my dick, threatening to push me out of her. 

I slowed down as her climax subsided and pulled out of her, which got me some pretty loud protests until I motioned her to turn over. She got the picture and rolled over onto her hands and knees, legs spread wide and hips tilted down so that I could slide right back into her waiting asshole. There was no push-back this time - just a gasp and an "Oh, fuck!" from Joanie as I slide my length into her butt without any hesitation. She rocked back to make sure I was all the way inside her as I grabbed her hips and started a steady rhythm. She had cum from my tongue and from her hands and from my dick and now it was my turn.

I fucked her at a steady pace, not too fast, not too slow - it just felt right. No, it felt like heaven. I reached down to her shoulders and pulled her up, so that her back was against my chest and I wrapped my arms around her as her head dropped back against my shoulder. I bent my head down to kiss and nibble on her neck, squeezing her breasts tightly as my urgency started to build. I picked up speed, shifting my hands back down to her hips as she leaned back into me and took over mauling her own breasts. I moaned in her ear, "Oh, Joanie, I'm going to cum in your ass! I'm going to fill your little butthole! Oh, fuck!"

Joanie was panting along with me, close to another climax herself. "Give it to me, baby! Give me that cock! Cum in my ass, lover!"

That did it for me. I felt my balls tighten and an orgasm that started somewhere in the next county ripped through my body and into the fine ass of my friend. I slowed down but didn't stop fucking her as I came for what seemed like forever, a few moments suspended in time that I would never forget. I felt Joanie's sphincter tighten around me as she came again, elongating my pleasure even more. Before we finished, she managed to twist around a little bit so that we could kiss without me sliding out and our orgasms finally ended with our tongues buried in each others' mouths.

We fell onto our sides, exhausted, but I was not going to let her go, even though my shrinking member finally popped out of her rear. We spooned on the bed for a few minutes, my arms holding her tightly before we could finally speak.

"Fuck, Joanie, that was... unbelievable!" I finally got out after my heart rate got back to something a little more manageable. 

She rolled over a little bit, head still on my shoulder, so that she could see my face. "So you like my little gift?" she asked with a grin.

"I've never felt anything like it before in my life and now you've ruined me for other women," I joked, giving her a squeeze.

Her face turned more serious. "About that. Can you stay awhile longer? I'm... not quite ready to say goodbye to my lover and welcome back my friend. Not just yet."

Truth be told, I was dreading the end of the day myself so of course I agreed. She pulled me into the big shower in the master bath and we cleaned each other up in the best way possible. She was a wonderful, slippery handful and we took way longer than really necessary to get clean.

We decided that a pizza was in order as not only is good sex dirty, it gives you an appetite. I was not about to put on one of Mark's robes and I really didn't want to put my street clothes back on, so I stayed naked in bed as Joanie got up to call the local delivery place. She came back into the bedroom with a couple of beers and looked around for something to put on before the pizza arrived. I motioned her over and whispered a suggestion which got a wide grin from her. She put her robe on and ran up the stairs to her daughter's room and came back a couple of minutes later with what I told her I thought she ought to wear.

Her daughter was very cute but less well-endowed than her mom. So when Joanie took off her robe, the t-shirt she'd borrowed from her kid stretched across her chest like it was about to break, highlighting her erect nipples straining to be set free and leaving her midriff bare. She was also wearing a pair of her daughter's cut-off jeans, which on Joanie would have made Daisy Duke blush, with her ample assets showing well below the fringed hem.

The doorbell rang a couple of minutes later. Of course I had to stay in the bedroom and couldn't see the front door itself. But I could hear the stammering of the delivery guy and through the bedroom door I could see Joanie turn her back to the poor kid and bend over to "get her purse", giving him undoubtedly the best action he'd ever gotten that wasn't on a computer screen. I was shocked that the pizza didn't end up on the floor.

I heard the front door close (I'm not sure what he was doing but it took a few minutes for us to hear the pizza kid actually drive away) and Joanie came into the bedroom with the pizza, flushed, smiling ear-to-ear and sporting the hardest pair of nipples known to mankind. The kid wasn't the only one that had enjoyed that encounter.

Her daughter's shorts were so tight on her that she had to take them off before sitting on the bed, so she made a show of it for me, wiggling her round supple ass as she slowly lowered the jeans to the ground. She spread her legs a little while she was touching the floor so that I could enjoy the sight of her perfect pussy peeking out below that awesome butt. She was living proof the 50 is the new 30.

She stripped off the t-shirt with a little less ceremony as we both realized that we were starving. We sat on the bed, the pizza box on an old towel so it wouldn't leak through to the sheets, and we fed each other slices, only smearing a little here and there on each other.

We were a couple of slices in apiece when she "accidentally" dropped pizza sauce on my cock, which had been hard as a rock since her impromptu striptease. She said, "Whoops!" then put the slice down and bent over me, engulfing my erection in one go and taking me in so deep that her nose was pressing into my crotch. I leaned back on my elbows, pizza forgotten, as she raised back up and then licked the length of my shaft, first one side, then the other. She looked up and winked at me before backing off the bed and onto her feet. 

"Hey, where do you think you're going?" I said with a fake frown. 

"I think the rest of the pizza is going in the fridge," she said as she picked up the box and walked naked towards the kitchen, a sexy bounce in her hips as she went. 

Two minutes later and she was back, kneeling on the bed between my knees and lowering her head to take my erection back into her mouth. I had scooted back up to the head of the bed and was reclining on a pile of pillows and feeling very much like a sultan, with my gorgeous harem girl bobbing her head up and down on my cock. Her tongue pressing on the underside of my dick while she slid me in and out of her mouth felt indescribable and I wanted it to go on forever. However, my friend had other plans.

She slowed her motion and then stopped, kissing the head of my cock as she raised up. She pulled on my leg a little to get me to slide down the bed a bit and then she turned around and straddled me, facing my feet while she lowered herself onto my groin, grinding herself against my erection that she was holding against her stomach with her right hand. 
