 Mia felt unreservedly sexy. Her short, turquoise chiffon dress clung to her curves and whispered provocatively as she walked. She'd let her hair down and some strappy sandals lent a welcome extra two inches to her otherwise average height. It may have been just an office Christmas party but the wine flowed freely and the DJ had everyone in a relaxed, social mood.

It was the kind of night when anything could happen, if one was bold enough. Six months without so much as a date was far too long. But first, she had to duck upstairs to fetch a cardigan. The summer evening air was still warm enough for a sheen of sweat to glisten on her exposed cleavage but she knew it would cool quickly now the sun had set.

The office was deserted. The lights were off but enough moonlight came in the windows to find her way easily enough. She swiped her card to gain access to the open-plan area where she worked and was surprised to see a desk light on in the far corner. It was James.

"Aren't you coming down for the party?" she asked when she got closer.

James looked up from his screen. "Soon," he said distractedly. "I'm just warming up with some porn first".

Mia raised an eyebrow but knew better than to take anything James said seriously. She walked over to her own cubicle and grabbed the cardigan draped over her chair. 

"Nice dress," said James from behind her.

Mia turned around to see he had swivelled in his chair to casually appraise her. Something in his gaze made her feel self-conscious and a little under-dressed. She held her cardigan tightly to her chest.

"Did it not come in floral print?" he asked.

"I don't always wear florals!" she retorted, shyness forgotten.

"If you say so," he said mildly. "Are you still trying to seduce that poor accountant?"

James had teased Mia incessantly about Stanley ever since she mentioned she thought he was good looking. "Maybe," she replied non-committally. Then she sighed. "Even if I was, it would do me no good. He hasn't even noticed me tonight."

James frowned sympathetically. "I told you, you need to be more obvious with your flirting. No-one can tell the difference between your business face and your flirty face."

"I am being obvious. I'm not even wearing underwear at the moment!" Mia suddenly blushed as she realised what she had revealed. James would probably never let her live it down.

"Well. Aren't you a naughty girl," he said in surprise. "Did you bend over for him?"

"Yes. Several times," she said grumpily. "He didn't even look."

"Huh." James frowned again and thought for a moment. "Maybe you were doing it wrong. Show me what you did."

Mia hesitated for a moment. But James was impossible to offend or embarrass so why should she care what he thought of her? At least he could be relied upon to give his honest (if blunt) opinion. She sauntered over to the desk beside his and stood side-on to him. Then she leaned over and rested her elbows on the desk, flicked her long hair back and gave him a provocative stare.

"Oh, yes," he murmured appreciatively. "That's a good amount of butt-cheek right there."

Mia started to feel hot under his intense gaze. 

"You lack some finesse, of course," James continued. "But that's endearing, really."

"It's not like I've had much practice at this," she objected.

"Of course not. That's why I said 'endearing'". He leaned back in his chair and admired the view some more. 

Mia glanced curiously at his computer screen, which was filled with numbers and charts. "That doesn't look like porn!"

"Oops, you got me," James admitted. "Please don't tell anyone I'm working late -- I have a reputation to maintain, you know."

Mia rolled her eyes and didn't deign to reply. 

"I think I know what your problem with Stanley is, anyway."

"You do?"

"Yes. He's probably afraid you'll complain about sexual harassment if he makes a move."

Mia stood up and put her hands on her hips indignantly. "That's ridiculous! I have never complained about sexual harassment."

"You're always threatening to complain to HR about me," James said pointedly.

"That's for being annoying. I wouldn't report a guy for hitting on me unless I'd specifically told him he was unwelcome."

"Hmm." James gave her a calculating look. "Are you saying that if I put my hand up your skirt right now, you wouldn't complain?" 

Mia was surprised at the direction this conversation was taking. But she didn't feel uncomfortable. If anything, she felt turned on by the situation. The intimate lighting and glass of wine she'd already drunk were probably helping in that regard. And James was not unattractive, despite his faults. 

"Maybe. Maybe not," she said coyly.

James didn't have to reach far because she was still standing beside his desk. Mia breathed in quickly as his warm fingers brushed her knees and drifted upwards. 

"Bend over," he said huskily.

Mia quickly complied and she felt the pressure of his palm moving gently but determinedly up her leg. It tickled when his fingertips brushed the crease of her right buttock and she wriggled involuntarily.

"Your butt really does feel as good as it looks," James murmured. "A bit on the scrawny side, but many men like that."

"Excuse me? Would you care to re-phrase that?" she replied icily.

James just grinned cheekily. "I'm sorry, I meant to say 'what a delightfully tight arse you have, my dear'" He expertly kneaded her buttock and Mia found herself unexpectedly mollified. Perhaps it was because his fingers were only centimetres from her pussy, which was aching to be touched as well. Mia couldn't see past her long hair to read his expression but he seemed to be breathing faster and she was pleased to think she might be having an effect on him too. 

"What if I touched your pussy? Would you complain then?" James asked, as if reading her mind.

"Why don't you try it and find out," she dared him. 

His hand slipped down her buttock and she shifted slightly to give him access. A moment later she was rewarded when a finger probed her slippery crease. 

"Oh dear," James murmured as his palm cupped the throbbing heat of her sex. "No, this won't do at all."

"What do you mean?" she gasped.

"You're so wet," he said in astonishment. "I can't let you leave in this state; you're a danger to men everywhere."

Mia giggled unprofessionally. "Maybe you could ask Stanley to help me out?" 

"The accountant?" he said scornfully. "That man has no idea how to satisfy a woman!" 

James stood up and Mia felt his other hand sneak under her dress as well. "No," he said, "I'm afraid I'm going to have to deal to this myself."

Mia just sighed in pleasure as a skilled finger found the nub of her clitoris. She had a momentary pang of worry that someone might come in and catch them like this but James again read her mind and turned off the light above his computer. The moonlight was still fairly bright but they were half hidden behind his desk anyway.

James continued to caress her aching sex and his body supported her from behind when she thought her legs might melt. "That's it, just relax," he whispered in her ear. 

His other hand reached around and cupped her breast. Mia almost whimpered as he lightly pinched her nipple through the sheer fabric of her dress. He grunted in impatience and yanked the fabric down to completely expose the breast. 

Mia was the first to admit she was a bit of a control freak but now that she was completely under James' control she found herself unexpectedly loving it. She was soon close to orgasm and her whole body shuddered in voluntarily. 

"Who's a clever girl then? Let it out," James whispered encouragingly. He simultaneously squeezed her nipples and stroked circles around her clitoris in an impressive display of dexterity.

"Oh, God!" Mia bit her lip to keep from screaming as the orgasm hit. James' strong arms held her up as waves of pleasure radiated through her body. His palm gently cupped her pulsating sex and intermittently caressed it to prolong the tide.

When she finally came back down, Mia found herself enjoying being in his strong embrace. He smelled good, a scent that she couldn't identify but was obviously not cheap cologne. She could feel the rather obvious bulge of an erection pressing against her bottom.

"Oh God, indeed," James teased her. 

Mia blushed, a belated response to the fact that his hand was still under her skirt. "Thanks, that was wonderful," she said self-consciously. 

"Oh, we're not finished yet," he warned.

"We're not?"

His fingers renewed their assault on her slippery crease and she unexpectedly felt a new tide of pleasure rising. "Oh!"

His fingers then dipped inside her pussy for the first time and she gasped as her vagina stretched to accommodate them. "God, you're so tight," James exclaimed. He began to finger-fuck her with two fingers. Slowly at first, and then with increasing speed. 

"You're wet and ready for a good fucking, aren't you," James said provocatively. "I bet you'd love a nice fat cock in there."

He added a third finger and Mia gasped at the delicious new assault. "Oh, yes!" she agreed. "Do you know where I might find a man with one of those?"

James hands stilled and she worried she might have offended him. But then he slapped he bare bottom playfully. "You're such a brat," he grumbled. "Just for that, I'm going to make you beg for it!"

He took his hands out from under her dress and Mia suddenly ached at the loss. "I'm sorry," she said quickly. "Please let me have it?"

"Have what?" he demanded. He leaned back in his chair and grinned roguishly.

Mia bit her lip. "Your cock, James."

"This one?" James reached down and unzipped his pants. He pulled aside some black satin boxers and his cock sprung out, long and thick and wonderfully erect.

Mia licked her lips and reached out to grasp it with a thumb and forefinger. It twitched at her touch and James audibly drew in a breath. "Suck it for me," he commanded. 

Mia wasn't normally the kind of woman who would let a man boss her around but in this case she was only too happy to do what he wanted. "Ok, but I might not be very good at it," she warned.

"I'm sure you'll do just fine," James encouraged. He sighed with pleasure as she knelt and her lips closed around his cock. It was too long to fit in her mouth so she pumped the shaft with one hand and worked the end with her lips and tongue.

"Not bad," he murmured after a minute or two. "You seem to have several hidden talents." He gently pushed her head away.

"If it's good, why are you stopping me?" she asked accusingly.

"Because it's too good," James replied with a grin. He had something in his hand and Mia realised it was a condom when he ripped open the packet and started unrolling it over his swollen cock. "I don't suppose you would complain to HR if I was to fuck your brains out?"

"I don't think I would be physically able complain if you did that," Mia replied doubtfully.

"Perfect." James stood up and grasped her around the waist, easily lifting her onto the edge of the desk. He pushed her legs apart and lifted the dress to expose her wet pussy. He dipped in a finger and lazily drew circles around her still-sensitive clitoris. "Beg for my cock some more," he demanded.

"Don't push your luck," Mia warned. She might be severely aroused but her patience was not unlimited.

"Fair enough," James laughed. He positioned his cock at her waiting entrance and pushed. It didn't go in very far. "Brace yourself," he said with a grin.

Wide-eyed, Mia held on to his shoulders and looked into his steely-blue eyes. James gave a determined thrust and suddenly he was deep inside her. "Oh!" She had never felt so deliciously filled before. Even a giant pink vibrator could not compare to the real thing.

"You feel amazing," James whispered. Then he surprised her by capturing her mouth in a passionate kiss. He moved his hips slowly at first, to let her get used to his size. But he couldn't seem to restrain himself for long and was soon thrusting hard and fast enough to make them both breathless. Then he climaxed with a groan. 

They stayed locked together for a while and shared another kiss. 

"You know," said Mia eventually, "I'm not really interested in Stanley."

"Good. He's not your type anyway," James replied.

"You're not really my type either," she pointed out. "I always thought of you more like an annoying brother."

"Eww," he exclaimed. "Your brother?"

"Shut up. You know what I mean." 

"Well, my feelings were entirely un-brotherly. I wanted to fuck you from the moment I first met you," he admitted bluntly. "I just never thought you'd be amenable to the idea."

"You have funny way of showing your feelings," she said crossly. "You're always making fun of me and I feel like slapping you most of the time." 

"It's all part of my charm, gorgeous" James extracted himself and smoothed her dress down over her bare legs. "Besides, don't you know that angry sex is the best kind of sex?"

"It is not," she retorted. "Loving, tender sex is the best kind of sex."

"We'll try it that way next time," he promised.

Mia raised an eyebrow. "Next time?"

James regarded her with a hurt expression. "Of course there will be a next time. There's way too much sexual energy here for a one night stand!"

Mia considered the matter. "Perhaps you're right. I never thought of myself as a one-night-stand kind of girl, after-all."

"And I must insist on taking you out for dinner, or at least cooking for you next time."

"I suppose I could tolerate that," she said grudgingly.

James smiled and leaned in for another kiss. Then he helped her down off the desk. "I'll just clean myself up so we can go down to the party. Then I'll whisper sweet nothings in your ear and make all the other women jealous of you."

"They're going to be suspicious if I'm not arguing with you," Mia warned.

"Feel free to argue as much as you like," he replied graciously. "It just turns me on, anyway."