 I awoke slowly in the pre-dawn darkness, my erection carefully cradled in my hand. Gauzy memories of an erotic dream faded away as my eyes quickly adjusted to the lack of available light in the room. My beautiful wife continued to sleep next to me, her slumber undisturbed. I slowly stroked my hard cock, softly with only the tips of my fingers; trying ever so hard to remain quiet, so as not to wake her; yet.

A cool drop of pre-come formed at the tip of my cock and I slid it around my corona with my thumb. I glanced at the alarm clock in an attempt to clear the fog of confusion from my still waking brain, 3:31 read the unblinking digital display. At least the greenish blue numbers didn't blink, but the colon seemed to blink in time with what must have been the passing seconds. 3:32 the minutes had changed, the colon kept it's pace and I realized once again that I truly enjoy the feeling of having an erection.

Yes, I enjoy the feeling of just getting and having an erection. I relish the gentle tingling, stretching and twitching of my penis as it begins to get excited. I delight in the soft tug of boxers, jeans or sheets as it continues to grow, and pushes against whatever material attempts to bind it. I treasure it's gentle throbbing and the way it bounces to and fro as I move about. I like the powerful way it makes me feel so alive and virile just by getting hard. Don't get me wrong I really enjoy using my cock once it becomes hard, both alone and with my wife; but I enjoy having an erection.

I rubbed my thumb over the back of the head of my cock savoring the slippery feel of the cool pre-come and checked the clock again; 3:33. I rolled over on my side to admire my sleeping beauty and smiled inwardly as my cock bobbed about in front of me. She lay with her back to me, naked save for the fine linen sheet draped over us. The silky sheet covered her up, hiding her svelte body from direct view, so I imagined the sexy details of her slim figure from the amassed mental images stored in my now wide awake brain.

Her perfectly smooth back, tanned to perfection without the presence of any tan lines, tapered down to her diminutive waist which was highlighted by a single t-shaped tan line. The only branch off of that crescent of white quickly disappeared down into the valley between the cheeks of her perfect heart shaped ass. At this point in the summer it looked for all of the world like she was wearing white thong panties when she went bare-assed, the contrast was so high between her darkly tanned skin and her normally bathing suit covered flesh. Her lithe legs continued from the bottom of her extremely sexy bottom to her dainty little feet, the two finger gap at the top of her legs, just below her crotch like a decorative bow on a perfect package. My erection throbbed as I imagined her lovely ass I had spent so much of the summer rubbing tanning oil into.

The front of her slender tanned body was much like her back with the exception being that the two perfectly tanned orbs here were her magnificent breasts; still gravity defying upturned C-cups after all of this time together. Her dusty rose colored nipples tanned a dark mouth watering mahogany color centered on her deep brown breasts stood in stark disparity to the small lightning bolt shaped patch of brown pubic hair amid the v-shaped white patch above her crotch. My heavy balls twitched at the memory of shaving her pussy for her all summer so that none of her pubes would peek out from under her white crocheted bikini bottom, the lining of which was solely responsible for her un-tanned area up front.

She had cut her hair at the beginning of the summer so it would not interfere with her tanning (and to be cooler) so that now it draped nearly to the top of her shoulders, if it was not pulled back in her customary ponytail. It framed her gorgeous face beautifully, highlighting her sparkling deep blue eyes and bright friendly smile like a well chosen frame sets off a fantastic picture. Her perfume smelled of fresh gardenias and warm vanilla and her skin always had a hint of coconut aroma from tanning oils, after sun products or just plain cocoa butter. I wondered if I was the only man on earth who began to get aroused by the smell of coconuts and swirled my hand around my velvety cock-head.

The clock stared at me 3:35, all of that imagining and musing about my wife had consumed all of between two and three minutes. I considered waking her for an early morning batch of love-making, but thought better about it. She would be half asleep and I would probably finish up about the time she got fully into it, which could leave her dissatisfied and more than unhappy with me; especially if I drifted right off back to sleep afterwards. I slowly tugged at my bouncing hard on, it's really hard to settle for masturbating when a sexy naked woman is laying right next to you; even if she is asleep. What to do? 3:36.

3:37, 3:38, 3:39 the epiphany struck! I lifted up the sheet and snuggled up behind her, carefully resting my rigid pecker between her tanned butt cheeks like a hot dog in a bun and pressed myself against her back. Her shoulders shimmied, my cock throbbed, she backed up against me and she continued to sleep peacefully as I wound one arm below her pillow. She had to subconsciously feel my erection against her, become aroused and wake up to take advantage of me-asleep with a raging boner; or at least so I thought. Sleep avoided me, chased away by raging hormones and my unshrinkable erection. I basked in the feeling of my hard cock sandwiched between her luscious buns, and waited for her to stir.

4:00, I abandoned the idea she would subconsciously get turned on with my hard cock poking her in the backside and settled upon slowly and subtly arousing her. I drew my hips back, pushed down on my turgid tool and slid it into her sexy little two finger gap. I let it go and felt it spring up against her hairless outer lips, they were neither moist nor full and fluffy, they were however very warm. I scooted down a hair and again plastered myself to her back, hoping maximum skin contact would help, before wrapping my arm around her and putting my hand above her pubic mound. My cock throbbed in time to my heavy pulse and every time it shifted on her closed lips small jolts of pleasure raced through me, I began to hope she would wake up soon.

4:10, I began to try and make small, almost imperceptible, strokes with my cock to aid in her arousal. After all, I was not trying to wake her up per se;, as much as I was trying to get her all hot, wet and bothered so she would wake up. Slow sensual arousal was the name of this game. 

The digital display read 4:20, and I rubbed my fingers through her small patch of pubic hair, very lightly and very slowly, methodically brushing it down and then lightly gripping it to gently tug it back up. She normally responds very enthusiastically when I combine this with licking her pussy, of course she's not normally sound asleep. After five minutes of this I thought I sensed moisture between the top of my cock and her sleeping pussy lips, but how to be sure and not blow it now? 

I slipped my fingers past her little garden of pubes down towards her slit, intent on checking for wetness when I stumbled over her hooded clit. Ah the mystery that is my woman. It hides beneath it's hood until it becomes aroused, whereupon it exposes itself until orgasm is imminent. Then it gets too sensitive for direct stimulation so it ducks back beneath it's cover again. To repeat the cycle until finally it is broken by an orgasm, hopefully of the earth-shattering variety. To be sure timing is everything here. My mind races back over the past 25 minutes or so, was her clit hidden even more the last time we brushed by here? Or am I imagining things?

I pulled back with my hips retracting my cock as I delicately slipped a finger beyond her hooded clit between her now puffy outer lips to her pussy. Sweet dewy slippery moisture coated her inner lips. I rubbed two fingers in it coating them thoroughly and deftly slipped them back towards her burgeoning clit, I thoroughly lubricated her clit-twirling my fingers around it, pushing the hood back out of the way as I did. I became less subtle with my stroking penis, feeling her morning dew grease my pole. I cupped one of her fantastic tits in my other hand and began to slowly fondle it, lightly pulling on her semi-erect nipple.

Her hips began to slowly grind back against my pelvis, and before I got too carried away I caught myself and returned to slow subtle strokes with my penis and light fingered pressure on either side of her hardening clit. 'Slow subtle arousal', I chanted to myself inside my head using the phrase as an internal metronome and a way of controlling my own arousal. Her pussy lips felt completely engorged: hot, full and wet. Her nectar coated my thick rod and as I toyed with one of her hard fleshy raspberry sized nipples I realized her clit was fully exposed. 4:40; timing is everything.

I twisted my head around and ran my nose up her neck behind her ear, lightly dragging it along her silky smooth skin, where I let out my warm breath before lightly kissing her ear. I traced the outside of her ear with my tongue as goose bumps raced up her neck. I caught her earlobe between my lips and as she arched her back grinding her ass against my pelvis and her ear against my mouth, she moaned, "Mmmm-m-m-m-m." She was waking up and apparently waking up horny, Hallelujah! "Don't you dare stop doing anything that you are doing right now. Just keep going." She purred. Her eyes were still closed and she looked perfectly content to let me stroke my cock against her pussy, fondle her tit and massage the area around her swollen clit.

I nibbled on her ear lobe and softly said, "The alarm cock says it's time to wake up sweetie." I could feel the head of my cock slipping over her pussy, just sliding to and fro between her hot wet lips. The right twist at the right time would probably sink it deep inside of her, but she wanted me to keep this up so keep it up I would. I formed a v-shape with the first two fingers of my hand and began slipping that up and down beside her clit faster and faster trying to stroke it's shaft as my cock continued to slide fore and aft between her pussy lips. I twisted her nipple gently between my thumb and forefinger and began nibbling my way down her neck towards her collarbone.

She giggled, "The alarm cock, hunh? That's odd, I thought the alarm cock said it was time to wake up over an hour ago." Her hand slipped between her legs and she began to rub the head of my cock which was leaking pre-come like there was no tomorrow. My god that felt fantastic, I shivered with pleasure and she recognized the change in my rhythm, "Oh, does that feel good? I only hope that feels half as good as what you're doing to me right now. Mmmm."

Suddenly several thoughts raced through my mind, 'Over an hour ago, how long has my little sex kitten been awake? Why didn't I notice you were awake earlier? and How could she remain so unimpassioned for so long?' before I finally asked, "Why didn't you let me know you were awake?"

"Let you know, and miss out on this personalized wake up service? No way! I was enjoying it too much to ruin it." She began to slowly gyrate her hips as I steadily slipped my cock against her wet pussy. I felt the mushroom like tip of it glide past her tight little rectum, over her slippery perineum, then between her soft full pussy lips before bumping into her swollen clit. Our combined juices felt hot on my hard shaft when it was sandwiched between her legs and cool in the morning air when it wasn't. The dichotomy of the sensations made even more enjoyable by the constant switching back and forth. Her swirling hips gained momentum and she moaned throatily, "Yes-s-s, like that, Mmmm-m-m, right there, Yes-s-s-s, Oh-h, D-d-don't stop, Ungh, ungh-h-h, Oh Yes, Mmmm-mm, OH YES-S-S! MMMM-MM-Mm-m-m."

Her body began to spasm as the orgasm washed over her. Her smooth sticky cream flooded over the top of my throbbing cock and felt even warmer and more slippery than what had been flowing for the last little while. Her entire body was wracked by convulsions as she held my hand in place beside her clit with both of hers. I slowly stopped the stroking against her now very sensitive pussy and wrapped my arms around her to hold her as she calmed down and began to completely relax, 5:02. 

I felt her pulse slow and the light coat of perspiration dry as I hugged her warmly, my throbbing cock still very erect and nestled between her thighs. Her breathing returned to a more normal rate and after a time she hugged my arm wrapped tightly around her and softly said, "Now, fuck me; any way you want to, just fuck me."

Not quite believing I had heard my normally staid wife say such a thing, there was a pause before I giddily replied, "Well coitanly!", mimicking Curly of the Three Stooges. I shifted back a little and pulled her upper leg up and away from her and with a little swirling of my hips, and a little help from her soft guiding hand, slid my entire length into her very hot and wet pussy. She moaned appreciatively as my eager erection filled her. I lay like this not moving a muscle; enjoying the warm moist embrace of her pussy around me and thought to myself, 'This is as close as we can ever be.' 

I broke the silence at 5:11 when I whispered to her ear, "That is the second best feeling on earth, sliding into you like that; and it always leads to the best feeling on earth." I began to slowly piston in and out of her. Pulling almost completely out on each backstroke-leaving just the head of my cock inside of her, before sinking entirely back into her. She began to bear down with her pelvic muscles, gripping my shaft tightly when I pulled back and releasing it when I pushed forward again. Luckily, holding her leg in the air the way I was, distracted me from the delightful explosions of pleasure racing through my cock; otherwise I wouldn't last very long at all.

I rolled myself towards her as I rocked back up with my torso and pushed her raised leg down towards the bed after I had cleared it and found myself between her legs with my ass on my heels, my cock still wrapped in her moist pussy. In wrestling it would have almost been a reversal. I grasped her other knee and folded that leg up too for better access to her steamy honey-pot and began to pump her faster, watching her tits wriggle around in circles synchronized to the thrusts of my hips. She encouraged me huskily, "Oh yes-s, fuck me, oh, just like that...right there, yes, oh yes-s-s, mmmm-m-m."

Her steady stream of dirty talk spurred me on and I was pounding away now. Sweat was rolling off of me dripping onto her pelvis to pool up in her bellybutton. Only problem was my knees were killing me being bent almost doubled back like that. I had one of her legs draped over each arm with a knee near each elbow when I decided it was time to try something new. I grasped each of her shoulders in one hand and as I pushed my cock deep inside of her I rotated backwards onto my back, pulling her up into a sitting position as I did. She gasped delightedly as her weight drove her even deeper onto my hard cock. She had no real leverage, with her legs out by my shoulders as they were, so she began wriggling her hips around feverishly. She then put a hand on each of my thighs to aid in excitedly bouncing up and down on my erection. 

I managed to straighten my legs out and was just getting back in to some semblance of a rhythm when she laid back down between my legs. She drew her legs back and began to buck wildly on my cock as it slammed into her g-spot on each and every stroke now. I reached down, putting my hand on her pubic mound with my thumb just above her swollen clit. I could feel my cock moving in and out of her with each swirling stroke. Her stream of encouragement faded into unintelligible groans and grunts as she wildly fucked my hard cock. 

Her hands joined mine and as she began to wail I felt her pussy shudder around my cock repeatedly, the tingling in my balls began and immediately became convulsions as I spewed my sticky load deep within her shuddering womb. She lay there spent, her warm moist pussy trembling around my slippery cock as small tremors of pleasure continued to rush through her less frequently. Her body shimmered as the early pre-dawn light danced on the perspiration once again clinging to her. The glow of her flushed skin accented her deep tan with a rosy highlight and her raspberry sized nipples danced on her quivering breasts.

My semi-erect cock slipped from her wet relaxed vagina and slid down her velvety lips to be nestled once again between her ass cheeks, the sensation on my sensitive head was decadently divine. The torrent of mixed juices that then poured from her onto my happy penis felt oddly cold considering where they had just come from and the friction required to make them. I watched as she laconically rubbed her red swollen lips with one of her hands and purred to herself. While she did this her stretched pussy lazily twitched shut; winking at me in the process. My wet shiny cock jerked against her perfect ass with the beginning of another burgeoning erection. 

She reached towards the clock, it glowed an eerie 5:43; and picked up the handset for the telephone. I heard the noises of dialing as she pushed a button and after a pause she said, "Mike, Greg won't be in to work today. Something has come up here at home he urgently needs to attend to." I awoke slowly in the pre-dawn darkness, my erection carefully cradled in my hand. Gauzy memories of an erotic dream faded away as my eyes quickly adjusted to the lack of available light in the room. The clock indicated 5:43.