 This adventure happened while I still lived in Washington State, working for a biotech company there. 

One Monday in February of 2001, I was at work at the Bothell facility and I met a guy named Rick while outside for a smoke break. He was allot taller than me, about 6 foot 5, bearded, and looked a little rough, but well built, maybe 270 pounds, and it looked like he was all muscle. I was the only one there when he arrived, and we started talking. He was a carpenter working for one of the contractors doing some renovations in our building. I learned that he wasn't from the immediate area, living an hour or so north. We seemed to run into each other every time I went for a smoke break, and were hitting it off. This went on for a few days with allot of flirting back and forth between us, but it was always innocent enough, never anything that might be inappropriate at work. 

On Tuesday of the following week, I asked Rick if he would like to come to my place for dinner. He had mentioned that he had not had a home cooked meal in a while, so I offered him one. I had a boyfriend at the time, but I only got to see him on weekends because of our work schedules, and it wasn't like I was planning to cheat on him, I was just inviting a coworker of sorts over for dinner. Rick accepted my invitation and I gave him directions to my apartment. It was only 10 or 15 minutes from Bothell, so he should have no trouble finding it. The construction guys finished at 3PM and I usually got off at 5, so I decided to leave early and told Rick I would be there by 4PM. I left at three and went to get some groceries for dinner and arrived home about 3:40 and started dinner. Rick arrived about a half hour later not yet cleaned up and carrying a large bottle of wine. He asked if I would mind if he used my shower since he was running late. I of course said he could. My apartment had two full bathrooms, but the one that would normally be for guests had a broken toilet, so I showed him through my bedroom to the master bath. 

Rick emerged from my bedroom about fifteen minutes later wearing my terrycloth bath robe, still toweling his hair dry. "I hope you don't mind that I borrowed your robe, all I have are my work clothes and they are pretty dirty." He said. "That's fine, I never wear the thing anyway" I replied. I felt a little overdressed, but I had not bothered changing yet. I was still in my work clothes, which consisted of a grey skirt and a white button front blouse, with no bra or panties. 

I asked Rick to open the wine and pour us some while I finished making dinner. He poured us each a drink and grabbed a dining chair and brought it in so he could sit and talk while I cooked. I took a couple of sips of the wine. It was pretty strong, but very good. When I turned to comment on it, I couldn't help but notice the formidably large, uncircumcised cock and big hairy testicles sitting between his legs. I could see several inches of his cock, and it was thick. The robe he had on was made for someone smaller like me, so when he sat down, it didn't quite cover everything, exposing his broad hairy chest and his crotch. I couldn't help but stare, and Rick asked if I was okay. I said I was fine, "just having a brain fart", and gulped down my wine. At least I hadn't started to drool, I thought to myself. I began to wonder if this was how Rick seduced women. Shower at their place and let them see his cock. If so, it probably worked on most women. It certainly got my attention. I had to resist the urge to reach out and touch it, or to drop to my knees and just start sucking it. 

We ate dinner in the kitchen and went in the living room for a movie afterwards and worked on finishing off the wine. Rick found a good horror movie to watch, so we sat together on the couch to watch it with the lights dimmed. I jumped a couple of times during a scary part, grabbing Rick's leg each time. As a result, I accidently touched his cock every time I did so. I even had his balls in my hand once when I grabbed his leg. He didn't say anything, so I just acted like I hadn't noticed, though I did see a few twitches from his cock afterward. We both started laughing afterward because I was acting like such a little girl. I was very tempted to take hold of his penis and suck him off, but I had a boyfriend, so I thought that would be a bad idea. I still fantasized about experiencing his big, beautiful cock, playing out a couple of scenarios in my head. 

After the movie we went back into the kitchen so I could clean up my cooking mess and do the dishes. While I was at the sink, Rick put his arms around me from behind and started kissing my neck. In an instant, I felt his cock starting to get hard as it was raising the back of my skirt along with it, not stopping until it was fully erect and rock hard between my legs and pressed against my labia. When I looked down, it looked like I had a bulge under my skirt where it was sticking out in front. About then, Rick said "no panties, huh. This is how you dress for work? You're a dirty girl." He started moving his penis in and out between my thighs, rubbing his cock against my pussy, as he was unbuttoning and removing my blouse. He kissed my shoulder and said "no bra either. You're a bad girl aren't you?" while pinching both of my big nipples. I just groaned in agreement. Rick unzipped the side of my skirt and removed it and I put my hand on the head of his cock and rubbed it against my very erect clit. In my head I had already fucked him, so my lust started taking over to do it for real. 

I was now nude and could feel his bare skin against mine. I don't know how long he had been naked too, but the robe was gone when I turned around to kiss him. I continued stroking his cock and now saw his entire erection for the first time. It was a monster at eleven inches long and as big around as my wrist. It was beautiful. I wasn't drooling, but my mouth was watering. "Let's move this to my room" I said, and I pulled him by his penis like a dog on a leash. He smacked my ass very hard a couple of times while we walked down the hall, telling me that "bad girls and dirty girls get spanked."

"I have been very bad and I should be punished." I told him. 

Rick pushed me face down on the bed and landed a hard slap on my right butt cheek followed by an equally hard slap on the left. My butt was on fire, yet I craved more. "Mmmm, I like it rough." I purred. Rick landed both hands on my ass at the same time and took hold with a vise like grip, raising me so that I was on all fours. He released his hold and shoved his cock halfway in me in one hard thrust. I was being stretched just fitting part of it inside and there was more to come. He was bottomed out, but still pushed. It felt like he was trying to fuck all the way into my cervix. Though painful, he managed to get his whole cock in my pussy by sheer force. I was being stretched like I was giving birth again. It was a mix of pain and pleasure and I liked it.  

Rick had been fucking me hard for a good thirty minutes, and I couldn't take it anymore. My pussy hurt even though I had already experienced several orgasms. I needed a break, so I asked him to fuck my ass. You would think he was a kid in a candy store as happy as that made him. It seems he doesn't get to do allot of anal because of the size of his cock. He told me that most women were afraid to take him in their ass. I told him that I'm willing to try anything at least once. Anything! 

Rick started to laugh as he began to push against my sphincter. He didn't stop pushing until he was completely buried inside my rectum. I felt really full with that much man meat up my backside. Rick started to pump in and out of my ass hard and fast. It reminded me of some kind of piston hard at work. He grabbed my shoulders and raised me up against him and took hold of my tits and squeezed tight. He molested and mauled my poor breasts. I thought for sure he would leave some kind of marks as rough as he was. He fucked my ass with so much force that with every stroke into my ass, Rick was lifting me off the bed a couple of inches by my sphincter. I was like a ragdoll to this guy, and I just enjoyed the ride. God did it feel good. My orgasm was so intense that I couldn't see, and I screamed out several times. I was surprised the neighbors didn't call the cops thinking I was being hurt, I got so loud. 

It was almost ten when we stopped fucking, still pretty early, so we took a break for some dessert and went to the kitchen to see what I could come up with. I didn't have much, so we had vanilla ice cream with chocolate syrup. I was about to pick up our empty bowls when I got a kinky idea. I grabbed the syrup and drizzled some on both breasts and then leaned back and let some fall on my pussy. Rick picked me up and sat me on my knees on the dining table and began licking up his treat. We were in plain sight of anybody that looked up at my patio and I didn't care. Rick sucked and chomped on my tits until they were clean and then laid me on my back and started licking my pussy. He licked me cleaned and proceeded to tongue fuck my pussy and ass until I came again. 

Now it was his turn. He poured some syrup on his cock and I kneeled before him to worship and suck this stiff idol standing before me. I licked his shaft and sucked and licked his balls and head well beyond what I needed to get him clean. I wanted to blow him until he came in my mouth, but he pulled me up and turned me around and pressed me facing out against the glass patio door and slipped his cock in me from behind. My naked body was pressed against the glass for everybody to see. One of my neighbors pulled in and parked while I was on display, and several cars turned down the street outside, lighting me with their headlights as they did. I'm sure someone must have seen me pressed naked against the window, and it just intensified my lust. I moaned through several more orgasms until Rick finally came and pulled out. I turned and licked his cock. I wanted to taste his sperm, and it tasted good. When I got up, I could see a sweaty silhouette of me on the patio door. I'll have to clean that before I have company I thought to myself as we headed for bed. 

About two in the morning, I woke up to Rick climbing on top of me. I was flat on my back and discovered that my arms were tied to the bed posts with some of my nylons. Rick took hold of each ankle and raised my legs to form a wide V and buried his massive cock in my pussy in one stroke. I let out a loud moan before Rick shoved a cat toy in my mouth and tied it in place with more pantyhose saying "we don't want to wake the neighbors now, do we?" From the tone of his voice and his bold actions, I think he would have fucked me bound like this whether I was conscious or not. I was his fuck toy and he would do with me as he wanted. He fucked me brutally for a long time and just stopped and climbed off me. Rick untied me and as I started to remove my gag, he rolled me onto my side and spooned in behind me, sticking his cock back in my pussy. He mauled my tits again with one hand while fucking me slowly. He did this for ten or fifteen minutes before releasing inside me and then just froze there. In a couple of minutes I could hear him beginning to snore, his softening cock still in my vagina, and me held so I could not get away. Even limp, his cock filled my pussy. I soon dozed off too, content and satisfied. 

I woke at five thirty to the sound of my alarm going off. Rick rolled off of me, his cock finally slipping out of me, followed by his cum oozing from my hole. I got up and fixed two cups of coffee for us and we headed for the shower. Rick stood behind me in the shower and soaped up my back and butt. He said "I'm gonna fuck that ass of yours again", as he pulled me against him, forcing his cock up my backside in one quick thrust. He swiveled his hips in and out while soaping up my front side. When he finished with the soap, he forced three of his big fingers as far as he could reach into my vagina and curled them against my G spot, all the while continuing his assault on my bowels. I started moaning loud in ecstasy and had several orgasms until I began to go limp, my legs were so shaky. Rick took hold of my hips with both hands, partially to hold me up, and also for grip, and pounded in and out of my rectum like an ex-con getting laid for the first time in twenty years. I braced myself against the wall to hold myself up until he finished. The water was only lukewarm when Rick finally released in my ass again. With the water turning cold fast, I just rinsed myself quickly and stepped out. Rick didn't seem to mind the cold water and finished his shower when I heard the doorbell ring. It rang several more times as I rushed to see who was there. 

The person ringing the doorbell was my boyfriend. He came by my place to drop off chocolates and flowers on his way to work. He noticed that the light was on and knew I was up because he could hear the bath fan running in my bathroom from the porch and rang the doorbell until I answered. I opened the door naked and wet since I had just stepped out of the shower and peaked to see who it was. When I saw that it was my boyfriend, I stepped out onto the porch into the cold and pulled the door closed behind me. The morning air chilled me and hardened my nipples. After the cold water in the shower and the cold morning air, I was chilled thoroughly and began to shiver. I was lucky that it was semi dark outside or he may have notice parts of my body were red from a night of rough sex. Had he arrived a few minutes earlier he would have heard me screaming in the shower while Rick fucked my ass again. 

Eric handed me a bag of goodies and a dozen roses and said "happy Valentine's day", telling me that he only rang because he saw that I was up. He pulled me close, cupping a tit and groping my ass as he kissed me. My hands were both full, so I really couldn't stop him. I just prayed he didn't notice there was cum leaking from my asshole. Right about then the newspaper delivery guy came through the complex with the morning paper and my boyfriend released me and stepped back. Our talking must have caught the paperboys' attention since he was looking right at me standing there naked. Then the bath fan shut off. I didn't have a timer on it and my boyfriend knew this since he had used it many times, so I was busted. He asked me who was here. I told him "just a friend from work. 

I had a coworker over for dinner, and he fell asleep on the couch". It was pretty obvious what was going on since my guest had just come out of the shower in my room and I was naked and wet from just getting out of said shower. Eric wanted to come in, but I wouldn't let him, and told him I would talk to him later. This gave me some time to make something up. I loved Eric, but things happen and I spent the night with another guy. After I shooed Eric away and came back inside, I found Rick in the hallway, halfway dressed, just out of sight of the front door. He had turned off the fan so he could hear what was going on. He took hold of my nipples and asked who that was at the door, and I told him it was my boyfriend. "You are a very bad girl." He said as he clamped harder onto my tits. "You went outside butt naked and dripping wet. That's so hot."

He released his hold on my nipple and grabbed my erect and exposed clit, giving it a hard tweak and tug before letting go and giving my ass a really hard slap as he passed me to go back to my room. I locked the front door and then went to my bedroom. Rick was dressed and tying his boots. He got up and pulled me tight against him, his hands tightly squeezing and spreading my butt cheeks. He gave me a deep kiss while teasing my asshole, and whispered to me "You're a hell of a fuck. I hope we can do this again sometime." Then he pushed me back onto the bed and left. I was sore and tired from a night of hard sex and also stressed out from getting caught by my boyfriend, so I called in sick to work and crashed. "What a night," Rick was big, and brutal, and strong, just the kind of man I wanted. Was it love or just lust, I thought to myself as I dozed off with a little grin on my face. 

Around noon, Eric showed up again during his lunch hour. His work was only a couple of minutes from my place. I was still sleeping when he arrived, and Rick had apparently left the front door unlocked when he left, so Eric let himself in. He woke me up stroking my bare skin as he sat on the bed beside me. I rolled onto my back as I woke up, knocking the covers off the bed as I did. Eric started rubbing my labia, which excited and aroused my clit, which hardened until fully exposed as Eric stroked it several times and then began to finger me. I was sore there and his fingers hurt, but it still aroused me and I started to rock my hips. I didn't want to let on how rough the previous night had been or even that I had spent it fucking another guy. We talked as he fingered me. I told Eric that we had dinner and watched a movie, and that my friend fell asleep on the couch. 

When he asked me about this morning, I told him that Rick used my bathroom and I was showering in the guest bath because I didn't want my guest to use it with the plugged up toilet. I had just stepped out of the shower when I heard the doorbell. Since it wasn't my bathroom, I didn't have my bath robe or towels, so that's why I was naked and wet when I answered the door. Eric seemed to believe me. At least with him fingering me, I didn't have to make eye contact while I lied to him. He repositioned his hand so that he could get his fingers into my ass and pussy at the same time. I spread my legs wider to let him in. I couldn't let on that I was sore, so I had to act like I always do. Eric kissed me before moving down my body to my crotch. He stopped fingering my cunt and began licking and sucking my labia while he continued fingering my butt. It felt pretty good, and I spread my legs as wide as I could while gently rocking my hips. Eric had managed to work four fingers into my stretched out sphincter and I began to fantasize it was Rick and his monster cock and it made me cum again. 

The next day at work I went all day without seeing Rick. I had gone out to the smoking area like I always do, but he wasn't there. I didn't know if he was avoiding me or what. The following day, Rick snuck up on me when I was out to smoke. I jumped when a hand touched my bare pussy from under my dress. I turned to see Rick standing behind me. 

"Wow, you really do go to work wearing no underwear. You are such a bad, bad girl. It's too bad you have a boyfriend, we could have a lot of fun together." I apologized to him for the other morning and admitted that I was seeing someone. 

For the next week or two, Rick would almost always sneak up on me at the smoking area, and if I was wearing a skirt or dress, he would goose me. A couple of times he actually picked me up while doing so, getting a finger into my pussy and ass as he lifted me. Then he always asked, "You dump your boyfriend yet?" I always answered "no, but that doesn't mean we can't be friends and maybe have some fun." It seemed peculiar to me that he would do something sexually charged before asking instead of asking first. I guessed he was trying to entice me or something. On one Friday after lunch, he goosed me as usual, but managed to get his thumb in my ass and two fingers in my pussy as he lifted me from behind. He didn't immediately pull them out this time, but wiggled his fingers around and brought me to an orgasm. That was the last time I saw him at work. Their work was done, so I guess that was Rick's way of saying goodbye.