 "Baby," She said dreamily. "I want to have sex with another man."

His eyes flew open. "What?" he exclaimed.

Lust burned deep in her eyes. "I want to fuck another man," she said breathlessly.

He stopped moving his hips. Did she just say what he thought she said? 

"Why?" he said

She continued to gyrate her ass on his pelvis, impaled on his erection. "I don't know. 'Cause I want to have another cock in me," she said as she pressed both hands down on his chest. "While you fuck me." The mere thought of two dicks in her, vying for her attention, sent waves of pleasure through her body.

He propped himself up shaking his head in disbelief. "Wait. Are you telling me you want to have a three-way?"

"Mmmmmmm," was her only response. She continued to rub her throbbing clit against him. 

He grabbed her arm. "Baby. Stop," he said.

"What?" she asked, annoyed that he had broken up her fantasy.

"Are you saying you want to have a three-way?" he asked again.

She pulled her dark hair away from her face. It was clinging to her skin, damp with sweat from several hours of hot lovemaking. "I guess. I don't know. Why are you asking?" she said breathlessly.

"Why? Are you kidding me? Why?" he said incredulously.

"Yeah. Why? Do you have someone waiting in the closet for me?" she asked hopefully.

"Funny," he said, shifting his weight under her. She ran her hand between their bodies, leisurely rubbing her clit. She was too close to peaking, to let it get away that easily.

"Why do you want to have sex with another man?" he asked.

"I don't know. Didn't I tell you already?" she replied.

"Well, yeah. But..." he started to say.

"But, what?" she interrupted.

"Aren't I enough for you?"

Smiling at his response, she leaned over to kiss him lightly on the lips. They were soft and wet against his. She purposely pressed her tits against his chest. "Of course you are, baby. I just want to try something new," she whispered.

He squirmed himself out from under her body to get a better look at her face. "But," he hesitated.

"But, what?" She started moving her ass again, slowly sliding her pussy along his length.

Doing his best to ignore the sweet feeling of her tight wetness, he concentrated on his words. "OK. What if this guy you want to fuck you has a bigger cock than mine?"

"Oh, God. I hope so," she said dreamily.

He slammed his hand down on the mattress in disbelief. "What?" he blurted. This was getting to be too much. 

"Oh, honey," she giggled. "You're plenty big for me. But, once, I'd like to have a really big one," she sighed at the thought of it. "Big and thick." 

Was she being serious? "Well, well, what if you fall in love with him?" he said.

She stopped grinding against him. "Because he might have a bigger cock?" she giggled.

"Well," he hesitated. It did seem a bit ridiculous. "Yeah."

She leaned forward again to kiss him warmly on the lips. "Your insecurity is so cute," she said with a smile. "Stupid, but cute."

"But,"

"But, what?" she said as she moved to suck on his neck. "Would you leave me for a woman with bigger tits?" she whispered, her breath hot against his skin. He felt her tongue dart around his earlobe. He grabbed a fistful of the sheets in response to her tongue-lashing. "Or a smaller ass?" she continued.

A smirk crept across his face. Probably, he thought as he checked out her ample tits.

Sensing his answer, she playfully slapped him on the cheek. "Knock it off. You wouldn't."

Ignoring her entirely, he grabbed her ass with both hands, spreading her apart. He absentmindedly began to fuck her, considering how he would love to put it to another woman. He paused for a moment. "So, are you saying that I can have sex with another woman?" he said pointedly.

"Hmmmmmm?" she replied, lost again in her own fantasy of sucking two cocks at once. Her brown hair fell back in her face. 

"Are you saying I can fuck another woman?" he repeated himself.

"Ummmmmmm," she replied nearly bouncing off his dick.

He grabbed her leg. "Baby," he said insistently.

She stopped bouncing. What was his problem? That was the second time she almost came. "What?" she asked, slightly annoyed.

"Are you telling me I can fuck another woman," he asked again.

She started up his cock again. "Not without me there you can't."

"Wait," he said as he sat completely up now, nearly tossing her off him. "Wait. What are you saying?"

She threw her arms behind her, to keep her balance on him. His erection was driving a bit too deep in her. "You can fuck another woman only if I'm there," she gasped.

He studied her amber eyes for a moment. "I don't know, baby," he said uncertainly.

She forced him back into the bed. "Don't you dare move," she instructed. She once again began to slide up and down his length. After regaining her rhythm, she continued. "Let me ask you this, you want us to have sex with another woman, right?"

He shrugged sheepishly. "Well, yeah. I guess." he said.

"You guess?" she chuckled. She tightened her pussy as she raised her ass off his body. "OK. Well, would you like me to kiss this lil' honey of yours?"

An embarrassed grin crept across his face. "Sure. I suppose."

She lowered her wet hole back down his rock hard shaft. "You suppose? Hmmmm. OK," she said her breath quickening. She leaned in to suck on his neck. "I suppose you'd like me to suck on her tits, too."

He didn't know if he was getting more embarrassed by her obvious reading of his desires or more turned on at her purposeful fucking. Either way, the sensation of her pussy on his cock was seriously causing some synapses to misfire.

"And I can only guess that you'd love to see me lick her tight pussy, right?" she said nearly panting in his ear. She ran her tongue up hungrily around the base of his collarbone.

He didn't answer, enjoying her mouth on his neck and his cock deep in her hole. She stopped momentarily to catch his gaze. 

"Right?" she persisted.

"If you wanted to," he exhaled sharply.

"If I wanted to," she repeated. "I see. Well, I just want to have 2 men fuck me at the same time. You at one end, with another guy at the other. It's not like I'm asking you to suck his dick, right?" 

He winced at the mere suggestion of it. 

"Do you see where I'm coming from?" she said. "You want me to perform lesbian acts. I just want you to fuck me with another man. You can't do that for me, if I'm willing to do all that for you?"

"I guess," he said. "I don't know. I just don't think I could watch you suck another man's dick."

"How do you think it would be for me to see another woman suck your dick?" she said. "Or watch you put it in another woman?"

He shrugged. "I don't know. Probably not too good."

"But, I'm willing to do those things, plus so much more, because it'll turn you on, because it'll make you happy," she said. She ran her hand under her ass to grab his balls. "Don't you want to do the same for me, baby?"

His eyes rolled back into his head. The sensation of her massaging his ball sac, drove him further away from reality. "Yeah," he muttered.

"Well," she said, leaning forward. "What would really turn me on, what would make me happy, is sucking your dick while someone else shoves his massive cock in my really wet pussy."

"Oh, man," he moaned. "That's it."

He jerked his dick from her pussy, and got up from underneath her. He easily flipped her onto the bed. 

"Get on your hands and knees," he directed.

She laughed as she leisurely picked herself up and positioned herself in front of him. She tauntingly shook her tight ass at him. 

"Like this, baby?" she teased.

He grabbed her by the hips. 

"Yeah. Just like that." He growled.

In one fluid motion, he thrust his engorged member deep into her pussy.

"God damn!" she moaned. He fucked her hard and deep, his balls nosily against her pussy lips.

"Yeah. That's it, he said forcing himself deep into her wetness.

Her toes curled as her orgasm quickly approached. 

"Oh, baby, fuck me," she panted. "Fuck me hard."

He reached under her and grabbed her swaying tits. 

"Who fucks you the best?" he taunted.

"You do, baby!" she moaned loudly as her orgasm ripping through her body.

He fucked her hard, completely withdrawing his cock from her body, then driving it deep into her. She yelped when he was completely in her.

Feeling the pressure build up in his cock, he leaned into her hard driving his dick deep within her body. 

"Say it again," he whispered, sucking on her ear lobe.

"Oh, baby," she whined. "You definitely fuck me the best."

He wildly withdrew from her pussy one last time, to thrust back into her with all his might. She wailed to God as he squeezed her hips and drove himself as deep into her wetness as he could. 

"Yeaaaaaa," he yelled out as his cock exploded in her.

She could barely move, almost paralyzed from the onslaught of orgasms coursing through her body. His cock continued to twitch hard in her, releasing the final waves of cum. 

"You definitely fuck me the best," she panted.

He patted her lovingly on the ass. 

"And don't you forget it," he said softly.

***

"Okay," he whispered, his voice breaking through the late-night silence.

"Hmmmmmm?" she responded, drifting into sleep, her face buried deep in her goose down pillow.

He gently ran his fingers over the swell of her bare ass. "Okay," he whispered again.

She turned her head to see him through sleep-glazed eyes. "Okay? Okay, what, baby?" she replied.

"You can have sex with another man," he said. "But, only if I'm there."

Reaching over to gently rub his spent cock, she gave him a sleepy smile. "Don't worry, baby," she said dreamily. "That was just the sex talking. You're the only man I really want."

He smiled through the darkness, feeling somewhat relieved. A thought occurred to him then.

"I can still fuck another woman, though, right?" he said playfully.

She answered him with a noisy slap across the cheek. "I guess that's a 'no' then," he laughed as he wrapped his arms around her and slowly drifted off to sleep.