 Practice was something like organized chaos. 

Whistles screeching ... sneakers squeaking ... basketballs bouncing ... coaches screaming. It made a hell racket, but to Conner it was home.

Conner Lang had just come back from playing basketball in Europe for a couple of years. He hoped for the NBA but had to settle for Europe when that dream didn't materialize. Tired of the travel and the routine of basketball as a job, he had come back to State to work on a graduate degree in sports management and see what he thought of coaching.

First, he had to pay his dues. There were no open coaching spots on the men's team, and the only job he could get was team manager for the women's team. That was fine for the time being. It kept him around the game and the gym. His chance would come.

Conner had been second team All-American his senior year, so he still had an air of royalty about him even as manager for the women. He got to scrimmage with the guys frequently, and one of his former teammates, Jake Hadden, was an assistant coach.

"Alright, ladies, bring it in," yelled Coach Weston to signal the end of practice. "I've got some good news for you. Jenny Ming is going to be added to our coaching starting tomorrow. After her knee injury, she's not sure if she wants to push it again as a player, so she's going to try her hand at coaching. Coach Larsen and I think she'll be very good. So ... good practice today, ladies. I like your defensive intensity out there. Hit the showers. I'll see you tomorrow."

Compliments were hard to get from Coach Weston, so the players were in good moods as they headed into the locker room. Conner and his crew quickly rounded up the balls and cleaned up the practice floor. He followed the coaches into the post-practice meeting. Since Weston knew Conner's goal, he always included Conner in coaching sessions and encouraged his input.

"Listen, Conner, you may be wondering why I didn't give the assistant slot to you," Weston said, as he pulled Conner aside before entering the conference room.

"It's okay coach. Jenny's a legend here. All you have to do is look up in the rafters to see her #4 to know that."

"True, but that's not the reason I didn't give you the job. You're a big asset to this school and have a bright future in coaching. In fact, Coach Montgomery (men's head coach) let me in on a secret, and you can't share this with a soul, okay?"

"Sure coach."

"Coach Daniels will be resigning at the end of the season to take a head coaching job at Oklahoma Southern. Only a few select people know about that, and Coach wants to keep it that way. What he wants to do is move his staff up a notch and create a junior spot -- and, he wants to put you in it."

"Me? Are you serious?"

"As a heart attack. You've earned it, kid. Congratulations, but remember, no leaks."

Conner was grinning from ear to ear, "Don't worry, Coach. The only thing I'm going to have to work on is hiding this grin for the next five months."

Weston laughed. "Understand. Okay, let's break down this practice and work on a plan for next practice."

After the meeting, Conner headed for the locker room to clean up the disaster that the women had left. Hurricane Stallion was how Conner always thought of it. He was truly amazed that the men's locker room was always neater than the women's.

He started gathering up wet towels, sweaty clothes, and anything washable and throwing it into the canvas cart to take to the laundry room. As usual, cups, paper, etc. were all over the floor, and the shower was running. He never understood why they would often leave showers running unless it was a goofy way of driving him crazy.

As he rounded the corner to the shower room, he stopped dead in his tracks. The shower room wasn't empty. In the middle row of showers, stood a dark-haired woman. He was stunned, but he was also mesmerized. She wasn't on the team, but whoever she was, she was gorgeous. He couldn't take his eyes off of her.

She had jet black hair falling halfway down the olive skin of her back. He saw a small tattoo at the small of her back, but he couldn't make out the design. As she turned, he watched the water splash off her firm, grapefruit-sized breasts. Her nipples were dark and taut and jutted out of the center of her curves.

Her body was perfect. Flat, hard abs, slender hips, and slim muscular legs met his gaze. She was mostly shaved, but she had a trim black landing strip just above her pussy. As she swiveled under the steamy water, he saw the silhouette of her labia protruding between her legs. Conner had always been a sucker for full pussy lips, and when he saw hers, he almost gasped.

Just then, it dawned on him who this was. This was Jenny Ming. Now, he was really embarrassed, and he quietly stepped back out of her view before he was detected. He decided to slip out to the hallway and into the men's restroom down the hall. Once inside the stall, he dropped his pants and grabbed the granite between his legs. He closed his eyes and replayed the shower scene in his mind as he pumped his manhood as fast as his hand would go. It only took a couple of minutes before he began spattering the stall door with rope after rope of salty cum.

"Fuck," he thought to himself. "She is the hottest thing I have ever seen."

The next day, Conner and his assistants set up the gym for the practice Weston had designed. Jenny was introduced to the women, and she shook hands and greeted each of them to begin the process of remembering their names. The players were very aware of Jenny's accomplishments, both at State and in the WNBA. They were somewhat in awe of her, but she used a wide smile and friendly banter to put them at ease.

Jenny led the ball-handling drills worked with the coaches on the various 1-on-1, 2-on-2, etc. drills. She seemed like a natural, pulling players aside to teach them something she had learned and helping keep the practice lively.

At one point, she was bending over, guarding Caroline, the starting point guard, helping her with her cross-over. Conner found himself staring and picturing her tawny breasts with their dark, pointed nipples. About that time, an errant pass slammed into his chest, knocking him back.

"Conner! Heads up!" yelled the coach. The players chuckled and Conner turned 12 shades of crimson. Jenny looked over and smiled. He didn't lose track of the balls for the rest of practice.

After practice, the coaches gathered in the conference room as usual. Jenny plopped down beside Conner.

"Hey, how's your chest?"

"Huh? Oh, it's fine. I'm not sure if the red has left my face yet, but other than that, I'm okay."

"I'm Jenny Ming, by the way."

"Yeah, well, since I haven't been living in a cave for the past six years, I kinda figured that. I'm Conner."

"Lang?"

"Yeah."

"I watched you play a few times. You were deadly with your three from the corner from what I remember. I thought you were playing in Europe."

"I was. The Barcelona Centaurs."

"What happened?"

"It got old. I was playing behind the scoring champ for the league, so you can imagine how many minutes I was getting. You know, all the travel, gets old after awhile."

"Tell me about it. So, why'd you come back here?"

"Same as you ... thought I'd try my hand at coaching. See if it fits."

"Hmm ... well, if you can teach kids how to make that jump shot of your, you'll do very well."

He smiled and said, "Thanks. Hey, you want to grab something to eat after the meeting?"

"Right after, I'm going out on the court and practice, but maybe later?"

"Yeah, sure. Here's my cell. Just call me when you're finished."

"Great!" she said with a smile.

After the meeting, Weston asked Conner to stay and break down the AIU game from last year. He wanted to have the second string run their zone defense in practice the next day.

The locker room was its usual mess when he walked through. He hoped on of his assistants would have cleaned things, but no such luck. He heard the showers going and wondered if Jenny was in there again. He knew he shouldn't, but he couldn't help himself.

Conner crept to the corner and looked around. Sure enough. There she was, caught in her trance, standing under the steamy cascade. This time he felt like a real perv. She was nice and smart and friendly, but she was also so hot he was totally hooked.

He, again, took in every inch of her perfect frame. He could just make out the bumps on her areola and watched the droplets fall from her mahogany buds. This time, he could tell that the tattoo was made of Chinese characters or symbols. He took in the perfect coffee curves of her ass and marveled at its shape. She had truly great legs with wisps of veins sticking out of her tawny skin. But, again, he was captivated by the shadow of her labia as they pushed out from her body and parted in an intoxicating way. "God, what would it be like to taste, her?" he asked himself.

For the next couple of weeks, Conner followed this new routine. He always ended with an explosive masturbation session in the nearby men's room. He was also growing more and more ashamed because he and Jenny were becoming friends. They shared war stories about basketball, laughed at memories of crazy teammates, and told each other about their dreams beyond playing basketball.

One night after dinner, they were walking across campus, when Conner asked her to sit on a park bench. He looked like he had something important to say because he was very nervous.

"Jenny, I've got something to tell you, and when you hear it, you may not like me very much anymore," he stammered.

She looked at him with a puzzled expression.

"Of course, you know, I'm the team manager, and one of my duties is to clean up the locker room and handle the laundry for the team."

Jenny watched his face intently, not having a clue where this discussion was going.

"Well, one day after practice, I strolled in to do my usual clean-up, and I heard the shower running. I started around the corner and .. and saw you in the shower."

She raised her eyebrows and continued staring at him.

"Look, I know I should have just turned and run out until you finished, but, God, you are the sexiest, most beautiful woman I have ever seen. I .. I couldn't stop, and I couldn't take my eyes off of you. I just stood there like some skeezy perv and watched you."

"Oh," she said and continued to bore into him with her eyes.

"At first, I was just addicted to your face and your body and everything about you. Then, I got to know you and discovered that you are even more beautiful inside. I .. just .. I'm just a loser, Jenny, and I'm sorry."

He looked up from his shoes for the first time and looked in her eyes. "I mean I am really, really, really sorry. I've never done anything like this in my life, and I feel like I need a long hot shower just to even look at myself again. I just wanted you to know before I go talk to Coach in the morning and resign."

She could see the hurt in his eyes. This wasn't a game. He was embarrassed, and he meant it. She sat for a few minutes with her arms crossed just studying his face. Finally, she said, "If you quit, that'll kill your job offer with the men's team next year, right?"

"Yeah, but, how did you know? No one knows about that."

"Well, once I knew you were interested in coaching, I went to Weston and asked why he gave me this job and not you. It didn't seem fair. He told me the deal, and I was happy for both of us. Now," she said slowly, "the question is what to do with you."

"I just told you. I can't continue after doing something like this."

"Con, I've gotten to know you too. You're a sweet guy. Yeah, a perv too, but you're cool. I don't want to see you throw away a chance like this over being a peeping tom."

"So ... what are you saying?"

"Meet me in the gym -- 30 minutes -- and dress to play." With that she got up and ran off to get her car. Conner sat there, stunned. Then, he looked at his watch and ran off too.

When he arrived on the court, Jenny was already there with a rack of balls, warming up. She closed one eye and looked him up and down. "Here," she said as she threw a practice jersey at him. "Put this on."

He slipped it over his head and looked at her totally puzzled.

"Okay, we're gonna see how good that jump shot is. We're gonna play straight one-on-one, you have to take it to half court after each possession change. Every time I get a basket, you take something off and vice versa."

"We're playing strip basketball?" he asked, dumbfounded.

"You got it, ace. I figure, you've been drooling over me, so I should get a little show of my own. Got a problem with that?" she asked as she slammed a ball into his chest.

"Uh, nope. No, not at all. You should take it out first. I mean it's only fair," he said as he passed it back to her.

She grinned and dribbled past mid-court before turning to see where he was setting up his defense. "Chump," she thought. Conner set up at the 3-point line. Jenny calmly dribbled in a few feet past the jump circle and drained a three.

Conner turned to watch the ball swish through the net. "So, that's the way you want to play this, huh?" he asked as he took off the jersey and threw it to the side of the court. She just smiled.

"Make it, take it?" she asked with a sly grin.

"Sure," he said with a hard pass back to her. This time, Conner picked her up just inside mid-court. She dribbled right, went through her legs and darted left to the elbow. She faked a jump shot, Conner went high in the air, Jenny waited for his descent and buried another shot.

Conner was pissed at himself. It didn't help that Jenny laughed. He threw his t-shirt near the jersey and tossed her the ball. This time, Jenny straight at him, faked a spin move to her right and cut quickly back to the left. Conner recovered quickly but not quickly enough to stop her fadeaway. Again, nothing but net.

"Okay, I've gotta have shoes," he said. She shrugged her shoulders and tossed the ball up in her hand staring at him. He pulled off his shorts and added them to the off-court pile. Jenny doubled over laughing at the sight of him in socks, shoes and a jock.

"Ha! Ha! Very funny," he said in a disgusted tone.

This time, Conner was mad and managed to steal the ball as Jenny tried a cross-over. He wasted no time in blowing past half-court and driving in for a layup. He came down, crossed his arms and smiled at her.

Jenny shrugged and pulled the ol' sports-bra-off-under-the-shirt routine and let it fly to the side of the court. Conner rolled his eyes and took the ball up the court. As he came across, Jenny met him quickly and pressed hard into him. He saw an opening and started to dribble around her. Just as he was about to pass, Jenny reached over and grabbed one of the elastic straps on his jock and snapped it.

"Hey!" Conner yelled. Jenny grabbed the ball, quickly stepped across the line and dribbled left before Conner could react. Having a free lane, she drove all the way in for an easy layup.

"That's a foul!"

"Really? Show me that in the rulebook, and I'll give you the ball back. If not ..." she looked down at his jock and cleared her throat. Conner rolled his eyes and ripped off his jock. He stood facing her with his arms spread out and asked, "There. Are you happy?"

Jenny walked over to him, eyeing him up and down, and reached out to grab his dick. "Yeah. As a matter of fact I am."

He smiled and crossed his arms as she began rubbing his cock and making him hard. "Not bad, Con," she said as she stood back and admired her handiwork and his full erection.

"Now. All those times you were a skeezy perv, what were you thinking about while you watched me?" she asked as she slowly stoked him.

"I thought about how amazing you looked and how much I'd like to taste you."

She smiled and held his throbbing cock and led him into the locker room. "And, how did you imagine this taking place?" she asked as she lightly scratched his balls with her fingertips.

He walked over to the stack of clean, folded towels and grabbed a bunch. She watched him with a sly grin as his dick waved and bounced with each step. He lined one of the benches with a thick layer of towels and folded one on the end to use as a pillow. 

"What's next?"

Conner raised her arms above her head, grabbed the bottom of her shirt and slowly began lifting it off of her. Next, he tugged off her shorts. He followed that by slowly rolling her thong down her legs. He never broke eye contact with her the whole time.

Then, Conner picked her up and laid her gently on the cushioned bench. He lifted her legs, one at a time, to his chest and removed her shoes and socks. When she was completely naked, he broke eye contact only long enough to take in the breadth of her beauty. He sighed and smiled a smile of wonder.

"Maybe you should remove your shoes too, stud." He did.

Conner sat on the far end of the bench and picked up one of her feet and began rubbing it, still staring deeply into the dark pools of her eyes. He kissed her toes and kissed the bottom of that foot, then placed it on his shoulder. He repeated with the other foot.

"You are so incredibly beautiful. If you weren't such a talented athlete, you could easily have been a model. You still could."

Jenny smiled shyly. He slowly began kissing the inside of her trim legs, slowly working his way down to her pussy. When he finally reached his destination, he closed his eyes and breathed in deeply. "I want to immerse all of my senses into you," he explained. Then, he began tenderly kissing her labia and all round the flower of her sex. He ran the tip of his tongue along the outer groove of her pussy lips and kissed them.

He breathed in again as he carefully parted her labia to open her silken passage to him. Again, he took his time gently kissing every part of her pussy. She was getting so wet that moisture was building up and running down her inner thigh. He lapped it up with his tongue and closed his eyes to let the taste permeate his mouth.

Then, he ran his tongue more urgently up and down her slit, reveling in her taste and enticing her toward his hungry mouth. She involuntarily began pushing her vagina toward him and grabbed his hair to pull him into her. He began using his tongue like wedge to open her satiny channel even more and started flicking the end of her swollen clit.

"Oh, God!" she panted when he finally touched her clit. He was in pure heaven giving such pleasure to her, knowing she was lost in the feelings he was giving her. He licked two of his fingers and slid them into her, increasing the contact with her hood. Very gingerly, he sucked her clit into his mouth and used his tongue to manipulate her the way she had rubbed his scalding cock.

"Of, fuck -- Jesus -- that feels so good," she managed to speak in breathy tones. "Fuck me -- fuck me -- fuck me ..." she repeated. 

Conner increased the pressure on the top of her vaginal wall with his fingers and sucked her clit more urgently. He could tell by her breathing and the vigor with which she pressed into his mouth that she was near. He twirled the tip of his tongue around her clit and flicked it. Then, he went in for the kill and sucked her swollen hood back into his mouth. 

"Oh-Oh-Oh-," she screamed as her hips bucked and his mouth was rewarded with a flood of her juice. He gently rubbed her clit until she began backing away because she was too tender to be touched. Slowly the tension in her thighs began to subside and he let go of his hair.

"Holy fuck," she panted. "That's what you fantasized about?"

"Well, that's part of it," he said with a grin. "Only, you are sexier and hotter than any fantasy I could ever concoct."

"What's the next part of your fantasy?" she asked, still with her eyes closed.

"Next," he said as moved her legs off his shoulders and placed them on either side of the bench, "I did something like this." He bent down and started kissing her abs and working his way up to those perfect breasts. He kissed each one and put both hands around her right breast and kneaded her while began sucking and pulling on her nipple. He switched and repeated his actions on the other. Then, he reached up and kissed her neck before returning to her chocolate buds. He began rubbing one nipple and sucking the other, then switched.
