 She walked into the house ahead of me and didn't bother holding the door open for me.

"Thanks," I said as I pushed the door open.

"Well, I'm sorry. But I can't believe you sit and stare at some girl and I'm not supposed to be pissed off."

"Look Jenny, we've had this conversation before but have never taken it seriously. Why don't we just sit down and talk this out."

"Fine. You're a jerk. I think that about covers it."

Mike looked at his very hot girlfriend. She was even better looking when she was ticked off. Her eyes always sparkled but now they were totally alive. "I'm not a jerk. Now just cool down and let's talk this thing out."

"Okay, go ahead."

I got up, went to a closet and returned with a Penthouse magazine. When Jenny saw it, she started seething again. "God, you are such a jerk. You've got Penthouse in this house? Why the hell do you need that, I'm not good enough?"

"Settle down. Jenny, all I can do is tell you what I believe and then we'll see if that makes any sense to you." She sat back with an "I can't wait to hear this bullshit" look on her face. "C'mon Jen," I begged, "listen to me with an open mind."

"I already said for you to go ahead, so go ahead already." Sitting there in her halter-top, Jenny's tits really looked great.

"Okay, now look at this babe, the centerfold. She's absolutely gorgeous, can you at least admit that?"

"Yeah, with an airbrush or whatever they call it."

"Oh BS, she's a babe. Now my point is this. The fact is all of us know she's a babe. But only some of us will allow ourselves to appreciate her beauty. Some of us have to act like she's just a dumb slut or stupid or on drugs or something ridiculous."

"Well Mike, let me ask you, would you want me to pose nude for Penthouse? Would you want your friends, your mom and dad and kid brother, your work-mates, your softball teammates all to look at my naked body?"

I looked her dead in the eye. "Yes, I think it would be great if you posed for Penthouse. You're every bit as hot, if not hotter, than this babe." Jenny shifted her legs a little and I could see the line from her pussy in her short shorts.

She squinched her face up, "Oh, you lie. You would not want your mother to find out from the women down at church that her son's girlfriend is naked in a girlie magazine."

"Jenny, everyone has their own tolerance and intolerance. My point is this. If you posed nude for Penthouse, that would most likely mean you were a lot less inhibited about your body and sex than you are now. We plan on getting married some day. I'd rather be married to a woman that loves sex."

"What the hell's wrong with me and sex? I love it, I do it."

"Yes, a lot of times you seem to really enjoy sex and those are our best uh, 'sex times'. But, there's plenty of times when you sort of use sex as a tool. Instead of giving into the natural good feeling of it, you make me beg and many times, you say no. Sometimes you say no for weeks."

"I've done that, I know. But what's that got to do with this?"

"Jenny, I don't know the statistic, but science has shown that men think about sex something like 100 million times a day. Most men notice every woman and girl of a certain age and they make a decision without even knowing they're doing it. Would I fuck her, or wouldn't I?"

"So, all men notice me and when they do, they're voting on how good I am? What a bunch of jerks."

"I don't know if voting is the right word, they just make an almost unconscious note to themselves about you. In your case, because you're model beautiful, their thoughts are a little more conscious. And don't act so dumb. You know damn well men are checking you out and I'm certain the more attention you receive, the more you like it."

"I do not. Well, I guess if I'm totally honest, I like the attention. But so what?"

Okay, so men are thinking about sex off and on all day. Just think if our society was a lot freer. If women got off their asses and started enjoying life, we'd all have more fun. Instead, women deny a man what he's been thinking about all day. Now that's stupid."

"What are you saying? Are you suggesting that we should all go around screwing everyone? I can't believe it."

"Jenny, I'm not saying that, but only because that's too far of a leap from where we are today."

"God, you're weird." Jenny looked disgusted. I still wanted to pull her top off. Maybe I am weird.

"I'm not weird, I'm just more open than you are and that's the case with most men compared to most women. But some women get it. And my guess is, they have pretty damn good lives."

"I see. So, Mr. Science here has decided that if women would only pose nude in Penthouse and play up to every man that whistles at her and if she were really advanced, perhaps she'd give them a blowjob too, her life would be great. Do I have this thing just about nailed?"

"No, you're making it sound shallow. But that's to be expected because you think sex is dirty and you feel a little guilty about liking it. And finally, you feel like you're powerless when you give a man what he wants."

"I don't think sex is dirty. I think it has its purpose and usually, it feels really great too."

"Well, good. So allow me to go back to the beginning of this conversation. If I'm a man, there's not much I can do about it; science has proven I'm going to think about sex a lot every day. When I walk through a store or a park and see a hot looking chick, I can't help but notice her. And when I notice her, certainly that will trigger a judgement. And the judgement most men make is "Hot babe, I'd fuck her." So then I come home and I see another hot babe and now I really want to fuck. It all serves its purpose to make us horny and to use that feeling to have a good time together. If a man looks at a Penthouse, he sees pictures of hot babes and it helps make him want to fuck his girlfriend or wife."

"Give me that Penthouse."

I passed it to her. She thumbed through the pages and found a pictorial of a man and a woman having kissing, fondling each other and having sex. She held it open for me to see. "Okay, you're saying that if I'd loosen up, look at pictures like this and shut off the negative judgements, I'd probably end up wanting to have sex with you more often?"

"Exactly, don't you think that's true?"

"I don't know. I hear you. I admit that if some guy is good looking, I pay more attention to him. And if he doesn't act like a jerk, that's a plus. And then if he looks at me like I'm hot, that's exciting. And, usually, when I get home I'm ready for you to jump my bones."

"So, rather than me being jealous, I should thank God above that there are good looking guys out there to help you feel more turned on and horny. And, frankly, that is how I feel. If society were really loose and accepted everything as okay, I think our relationships in general would be vastly better than they are."

"You do. You think that if I were to sleep with other men, you and I would have a better relationship?"

"I'm not certain. Our society is so far removed from that; it probably would be too much for just the very occasional couple to deal with. But, if sex was basically unlimited so no one was deprived, people would probably be with the person they loved and for the reasons women say are important. Things like faith, communication, respect and appreciation. I mean, if I could go out and fuck that centerfold and you had absolutely zero upset about it. And if you were off fucking some other guy and I wasn't upset. Wouldn't that enable us to both enjoy sex more and to remove sex as an obstacle in having a happy marriage?"

"Maybe. I guess there's only one way to find out. If I decide to go along with your wishes, we'll find out if we have a better relationship, including better sex."

"So, I understand that you were uncomfortable that I noticed that girl at the park, but I would have been dead to miss her."

"True, she did have nice tits and a hot ass."

I looked at Jenny. She was giving this the college try. "And she had a great face and hair." I added.

"Yeah, she did." Jenny pushed her halter-top up over her gorgeous tits. "I think her tits were as nice as mine."

I sat back and watched Jenny. My cock was hard. I rubbed it on top of my shorts. "Look at the babe in that picture. She's almost as good-looking as you are, but I think your body is much better. Yet, I could cum whacking off as I looked at her pictures."

Jenny tugged on her nipples. "You like my nipples don't you Mike?"

I licked my lips, "I sure do, I like the tits they sit on too."

"Well why don't you pull your hard cock out of your pants and stroke it while you watch me fondle myself."

I didn't need to be begged. I pulled my shorts down to my ankles, spread my legs and long stroked my very hot cock. It was Jenny's turn to lick her lips. She turned the page in the Penthouse. "Mmmm, I do like his ass. Oh, and I like this picture of the chick holding his dick."

"Wouldn't you like to hold his dick?" I toyed.

"Yeah, I think I'd like to suck it."

God I was hot, "How about if you were sucking on his cock and the babe was licking your pussy. That would feel great."

She closed her eyes as she slid a hand inside of her shorts. She moaned.

"And Jenny, think if I was there too and all four of us were fucking and sucking each other."

"Yeah, and you were sucking his cock."

"Jenny, don't go there. Don't ever go there." I squinched up my face.

She giggled, "I'm just kidding. You could put your cock up her pussy while she licked mine and I sucked his cock."

"Mmmm, I think I'd enjoy that."

"Me too. In fact, let's find a couple to fuck, you want to?"

"Are you serious Jen?" I really couldn't believe my ears.

"Yeah. They need to be very attractive though."

I kneeled down between her legs and pulled her shorts off. I licked her pussy. I almost burned my lips. She wasn't just fooling around, she was hot.

"Put your cock in me Mike."

I sat down in the chair and had her straddle my aching cock. She slipped her tight pussy up and down. I talked to her. "Just imagine, you're fucking me and a beautiful babe is standing behind you, kissing your neck while she plays with your nipples." Jenny squeezed my cock with her cunt. "And imagine that her boyfriend, a big black stud with a cock bigger than mine put it up to your lips and you sucked it in. He put his hands on the sides of your face and he gently fucked your mouth with his big black cock."

"Oh Mike, I'm going to cum. I'm going to cum now."

I grabbed her ass and helped her slide up and down my cock even faster. "Cum babe. I want you to cum more than ever."

Her whole body spasmed as she orgasmed. She threw her arms around my neck and pressed her beautiful tits into my chest. After she'd regained her strength I asked her for a blowjob. She kneeled down between my legs and guided my hot cock into her mouth. Jenny deep throated me better than ever before and for the first time, she swallowed my cum, every drop of it.

"Jenny, I love you babe."

"I love you too Mike. I don't think I really want to be with another couple though, just talking that way helped get me more aroused."

"I feel the same way. If you notice a good-looking guy and it helps make you want to give me a hummer, that's a good thing. That's a very good thing."

Jenny gave me big hug, "Well Mike, I'm glad we were able to talk our way through this. Do you suppose we ought to discuss that financial matter now."

"Uh, not tonight Jen, not tonight."