 She was supposed to be guarding him; those were the words Sarah Andersen repeated in her mind over and over again. Sarah couldn’t keep her eyes off him, laying on the cot looking cool and collected like he wasn’t going to jail for 10 years of his life. She wanted to know what it would be like to run her tongue down every part of his muscular body. 

“Do you want anything, coffee, soda?” Sarah asked nervously.

“No,” came the calm reply.

Sarah lift her gaze towards him taking in his hard thighs, abs, and arms bulging in his white cotton t-shirt and wash-worn blue jeans. God he was sexy, so sexy she thought might drool if he every looked directly at her. Abruptly she he sat up and raised his head to look directly at her. Sarah sucked in a breath and took in the handsome face that stared at her. Blue-black hair hung long to his shoulders, he had blue eyes like sapphires, square jaw and full lips that were made for kissing, sucking Oh God. His tongue peaked out as he licked his lips, and gave her a small smile, telling her he knew what she was thinking.

“Come here,” He said softly.

“Wh-at?” Sarah stammered.

“Come here,” He repeated.

Sarah walked slowly towards the steel age cage he was behind and for the first in the 2 years she joined NAWP police squad, she felt scared. Her heart was beating hard as she finally stop in front of the cell, raising her hands to touch the cold steel of the bars.

“Is the something you wanted?” She asked, surprisingly her voice didn’t shake.

“Yeah, I want to me at home in bed but that’s not going to happen, what’s your name?” he asked.

“Sarah,” she replied automatically. 

“Pretty name, I’m Cameran,” he replied.

“I know,” Sarah said. Cameran looked closely at the woman standing before. She was nervous but trying really hard to hide it but he could tell but the was she kept clenching and unclenching her fingers. She was small, about 5’3 one front shorter than his 6’3. She had light brown hair and eyes, a heart shaped face, and pouty pink lips. From what he could tell through her blue, white, and black uniform, she had a nice body--small waist, full high breasts, and a shapely behind. She must be nervous because he was turned on but a convicted fellow. She turned all right; he was desire in her eyes when looked at him. I wonder if she’s disgusted by the thought of fucking a killer, he thought with a bitter smile on his face. What she didn’t know he was going to get acquitted tomorrow instead of going to jail, his lawyer found evidence that proved he didn’t try to kill his ex-wife.

“What are you doing working as a cop Sarah?” Cameran asked.

“I like my job,” Sarah replied getting defensive.

“But why aren’t you out trying to get married or trying to get fucked?” he asked meanly.

“Excuse me!” Sarah gasped.

“You heard me,” Cameran replied.

“I don’t like your language and my life is non of your business,” She replied in a nasty tone.

“Ah so you one of those women,” he stated.

“What kind of women?” she asked.

“The ones that hid behind their proper exterior because their afraid people will see that they like dirty talk, getting fucked, licked, sucked.” He replied.

“I’m not,” she said.

“Huh huh, then why are nipples harder than pebbles” he asked, looking at he nipples poking through her shirt. “And why is your pussy getting wet?”

Cameran watched the blood drain out of her pretty face as she started to slowly back away, shaking her head. He got up off the cot and walked straight towards her stopping right in front her, knowing that without doubt he would fuck her, here now. 

“My dick getting hard just thinking about you dripping wet under your panties.” He said. 

Her eyes dropped to his fly where his cock bulged at zipper demanding to be let out. He shifted his stance trying to find ease. Soon, he thought.

“Don’t talk to me like that,” Sarah said loudly.

“Why? Because you like it?” He asked.

Sarah couldn’t believe he was saying these things to her. It was like he was in her head, reading her thoughts.

“No, it’s not right,” she replied softy.

He reached threw the bars touching her cheek softly. His fingers were rough and make her skin tingle. 

“Why?” he asked, while trailing his fingers to her collarbone.

“It’s hard to think when you’re doing that,” Sarah gasped as his fingers brushed her nipple.

“I have something hard for you,” he said. He took her hand and pulled it to his fly.

Sarah stopped breathing as she touched him through the coarse denim. His penis was hard as an iron poker under her fingers. She cupped him and squeezed him, loving when he hissed in breath. She wanted to feel his cock in her hand pulsing, hot, hard, wanting. Without thought she grew his zipper down revealing curly black hair and his penis.

“You don’t wear underwear,” she said nervously her eyes still on the aggressive male flesh gutting towards her.

“Don’t like them,” he replied.

His penis what big, 8 maybe 9 inches of thick flesh that lead to a pink tip that shaped like a mushroom. She ran hands up and down the shaft squeezing the base, wanting nothing but to feel him inside her. He started to unbutton her shirt, pulling it of her shoulders revealing her lace pink bra. 

“Undress for me,” he demanded.

Slowly Sarah stepped away knowing that there was no going back. She wanted to do this, needed this. She unzipped her slacks then kicked of her heels. Pushing her pants down her hips, she looked nervously towards him but saw only desire in his eyes. She unhooked her bra, and pushed her panties revealing the small triangle of hair covering her pussy. She watched as he tossed she t-shirt over his head and pushed his jeans down to ankles. He pulled her towards him but the bars only allow them a little bit of body-to-body contact. His mouth covered mine in aggressive demand, his tongue thrusting into my mouth. He tasted like chocolate. The kiss went on and on. He took her mouth again and again barely allowing her to breath. He took her tongue in to her mouth and suck on it. She could her feel her legs could soft and pussy becoming unbearable aching. Her hips thrust towards his cock hoping he would ease the ache but he pull away. His tongue twirled in her mouth, flicked on hers as he grasped her breast. His month lift her and dipped towards her breast. Fingers danced on her nipples, pinching gently. His town flicked on her nipple softly at first then harder. He began to suckle it in his mouth making her gasp with pleasure.

“Please, more,” she gasped

“You want me to fuck you?”

“Yes,” she whispered. “Yes”

He squeezes her breast, moving to her other nipple. He suckled, bite, licked and tortured it for breathless minutes then his mouth moved lower, to her stomach, he fucked her navel. His hot tongue moving in and out of it like his cock would inside of her.

“Say it, I want to hear you say it!”

“Fuck,” she whispered. “I want you to fuck me.”

His mouth moved lower towards her pussy. His fingers opened her bulging lips revealing throbbing clitoris. Cameran’s tongue circled her clit, flicking and probing. Then his mouth closed over her and sucked, hard. 

She screamed; her body splintered in a thousand pieces, convulsing with pleasure. He pushed one rough finger inside her playing with her opening and sucked her harder. She came, hard, over and over again.

“You like that?”

She didn’t replied because she was to busy floating back to earth. Cameran stood suddenly, pushed her down on her knees in front of him, waiting. 

Sarah licked her lips knowing what he wanted. She spread his thighs wider; she stroked his parted thighs feeling the hard muscle tense under her touch. She smiled up at him and kisses his inner thighs, licking and biting the soft flesh. She let out a breath on the tip on his cock and watched it jump in response.

“Please lick me.” He groaned

She started with his balls, swollen and rock hard, and stretching his sac to bursting. She licked the softly and took them into her mouth, on at a time, carefully not stimulating him too much. She wanted this to last. 

He dick had big before, but now it was huge—long and nearly as thick as her wrist. The end of his cocked looked like ripe plum, round and purple and dripping with pr-cum. She tongued over and around it, savoring the salty tasted of him. She licked his entire length and twirled her tongue over the tip. She sucked his tip in mouth; slowly she took all of him in mouth. Up and down her went on his thick shaft, fast, slow, hard, and soft. All of sudden he pulled away and stood.

“Bend over!”

Sarah bend in front of him feeling the cool bars on her ass. He grasped his cock and rubbed the smooth tip of it on her pussy opening, slowly.

“Please,” She whimpers.

Slowly his hard penis starts to return her, pushing inside her rocking back and fourth until the tip entered her wet pussy. He pulls back slightly then shoves back instead hard. Cameran felt her hot pussy closing over cock and didn’t stop just starting thrusting into. He cock moved inside with piston force. Grasping her hips he pulled closer to him until he felt his pubic hair on ass. He pulled back until the tip was in her then pushed back in hard. She screamed with pleasure and came. Slowly Cameran began to build up the pressure. Gently strokes, in and out her small pussy. After a few minutes her orgasm was coming again even bigger.

“Harder, oh God harder, please Cameran I wa-want you fuck me hard.” She said.

He rammed into her again and again, fucked her so hard her ass slapped against the cold metal bars. 

“Oh yeah baby, you like that!”

“Yeeeessss,”

He rotated his hips in a circle then began pumping again. Faster, harder, he knew exactly when to push it in and when to rotate it around my hole. He kissed the back of her neck as his cock fucked her swollen pussy. All Sarah could think about was orgasm; she need to cum so bad she thought would split in to. He gave one hard push and sent her the edge. She cried out in pure ecstasy, her pussy squeezed his cock and it jump inside her as he began to cum. Hot semen flooded her pussy, as she came, and came, her head thrown back, eyes close in totally bliss. Slowly she floating towards the floor and drifted to sleep.

To be continued………..