 Introduction: These stories are part of a collaboration between myself and some real-life partners. The names are real, the stories... you'll have to decide for yourself!

I have kept the first 2 chapters of this in their original format under the original name (The Chronicles of Cordelia). However, due to a growing storyline, I have chosen to go back and re-write these 2 chapters in a traditional narrative manner, re-submit them with Chapters 3, 4, and the newly finished Chapters 5 & 6, all under a new title (The Converse Chronicles) to encompass the manner in which the story has evolved as my partners and I have moved forward with it.

Characters: 

Cordelia Flores - a stunningly beautiful Hispanic female, just a month past 18. She stands a mere 5 feet tall and only weighs about 95 pounds. She has raven black hair down to the top of her heart-shaped butt; caramel brown eyes that can melt hearts from across the room; firm, delicious 34C breasts; and the most exotic, flawless, smooth cinnamon skin you could imagine.

Paul Converse - a 40 year old white male, 6'2 and 215 pounds. Medium brown hair, still worn fairly short from his time in the military and brilliant blue-green eyes. He carries noticeable but not "athletic" muscles and is developing a slight belly... something of the prototypical "hot dad bod" being tossed about.

Angela Converse - Paul's 18 year old daughter, mentioned in passing (Angela will get her own chapter(s) later).

*****

Chapter 1:

Paul slowly entered the upstairs bedroom where his daughter and her stunning friend slept. He edged closer to the bed, leaning close to the cinnamon-skinned teenager, barely covered by the bedsheet negligently scrunched up over her tight, petite body.

"Cordelia, wake up... it's Paul." He whispered in her ear. Cordelia was startled awake, a look of concern on her flawless face.

"Shh, shh... no, nothing is wrong. I just wanted to surprise you with something." Paul quietly explained to her.

Cordelia smiled privately to herself, thinking that the slow, carefully built seduction she had planned was finally coming to fruition.

"Should I wake up Angela?" she asked, reaching slowly for her sleeping friend to jiggle her awake. Paul's hand quickly shot out and grabbed her wrist, "No... it's for you alone, no need to wake up my step-daughter."

Paul wrapped her trapped arm around his neck and slid his arms under her legs, effortlessly lifting her slight form from the bed. Cordelia nuzzled her face down close to Paul's chest to hide her knowing smile.

In a quiet voice, Cordelia asked, "Why are carrying me, Paul? I can walk just fine." "I know you can walk, baby." Paul replied, "But it's dark and I wouldn't want you to trip over anything. We're going downstairs where I have a special room for my surprises."

Paul maneuvers the pair downstairs and to the basement, entering a room Cordelia wasn't even aware existed in the house. The room was dimly lit by candles, the faint scent of orange blossoms filling the room. In the center of the room is a king size bed with thick iron bedposts and an ornately carved headboard.

Paul softly lay Cordelia on the bed and looked down over her luscious frame, the desire clearly burning in his eyes. "Now Cordelia, the only way you can have this surprise is if you promise to keep it an absolute secret between us... nobody can know, or we won't be able to do it again, do you understand?"

It was then that Cordelia was sure she had what she had longed for, but the thrill of it was mixed with a fear... fear of being caught, fear of this... her first time with a man (Angela and her had done their fair share of fooling around with one another, so she wasn't physically a virgin).

As Paul continued to look her intently in the eye, Cordelia nodded her assent. "You promise? OK then... your surprise is this - I'm going to be your 'Daddy' and teach you how to please a man tonight, and teach you how a man pleases his woman. Does that sound like something you'd like?"

Cordelia felt a flood of heat and moisture flow to her pussy, and she gasped in passion and (mock) astonishment, to keep Paul believing he was in charge of the situation. Again she mutely nodded, turning her eyes up to Paul with a look of contrived innocence.

"Well then let's get started, Cordelia..." Paul said, "Sweet baby girl... you are so, so gorgeous. Do you know what happens to a man when he sees a girl as beautiful as you are?"

Cordelia shook her head no with more force than was really necessary, but she did it to flare her hair around her face extravagantly. Paul took her hand and placed it on the growing bulge at the front of his jeans.

"Do you feel that? That is a man's penis, or 'cock'. When it gets thick and hard and long like this, it means the man is interested in 'loving' the woman who caused it."

Cordelia giggled at Paul's clumsy manner of fumbling towards what he wanted... what SHE... what THEY wanted, she corrected in her mind. "Do you want to 'love' me, Daddy?"

"Yes... yes I am very, VERY interested in loving you with my cock. But that is only the very last step in what goes on." Paul answered.

"First, the man and woman kiss each other, gently at first... like this." Paul brushed her lips, sweeping soft, tender kisses across her cheek, her chin, her forehead, down the side of her neck. Cordelia's breath caught in her chest and she unconsciously ran her fingers through Paul's hair.

"Do you like how that feels, baby? Now your breasts, my goodness... they are so perfectly formed... Daddy is going to hold them in his hands and run his fingers across them."

Paul squeezed and pinched Cordelia's supple curves, tweaking them and pulling softly on her nipples. "Do you feel how the tips of your breasts, your nipples, are getting hard like Daddy's cock? That's the same feeling baby... it means your body is liking what I'm doing and wants more."

Cordelia didn't trust herself to answer, as she was VERY happy with what Paul was doing... he just needed to get on with it, without so much preamble.

Paul kissed his way down to her breasts and slowly swirled his tongue over her stiffened nipple and sucked it deeply into his mouth. Cordelia couldn't contain herself any longer and let out a low, shuddering moan and gripped Paul's head tightly to her chest.

As his mouth made love to her breasts, his hands slide down her body, over her belly, squeezing her heart-shaped bottom in his large hands. Paul's hands slip to the waistband of Cordelia's panties, urging them downward.

"Daddy... that's my special place, you can't see me there!" Cordelia crooned in her most serious little girl voice.

"Shh, baby... yes, I know. That is your most special spot, your pussy. Daddy wants to see it, to feel it, to taste it. You feel how good my tongue felt on your breasts, right? It feels so much better when I do it down there."

"Really, Daddy? Are you sure? Mmmm... I guess."

Paul slid her panties down her supple, firm legs. Starting with one tiny foot, he kissed his way back up... toes, ankle, calf, knee, thigh... and then goes back down to the other foot and back up again.

Cordelia can feel his hot breath pulsing against her mound. He can see her lips, swollen... moist... 

"Now sweetheart, Daddy is going to lick you down here, and once I get you a little wetter, I'm going to slide a finger inside your pussy and wiggle it around a little. I promise it will feel wonderful."

Paul's tongue danced lightly over Cordelia's clit as his fingers massaged her lips open. Paul spread her growing wetness over and all around her young pussy. He slowly, softly pushes a finger inside her, feeling her folds open and her body accepting a man for the first time.

"Daddy's finger is going in now, baby... how does it feel?" Cordelia couldn't answer, she could only pant and moan.

"You're so wet, baby girl... I can feel it pouring out of you and into your ass crack." Paul aims a second finger at her tiny, brown pucker. Cordelia looked at him with an unspoken question hanging on her lips. Paul spied her concerned look and responded, "Yes baby... this will feel good, too. Haven't I been right so far?"

Cordelia looked down to Paul's caring and sincere face, nodding her permission once again. He gently continues to finger fuck her pussy, and now her ass, and returned his mouth to licking her clit.

After just a few more moments of this, Cordelia shuddered to her first ever orgasm from a man's touch, and once she returned to herself she sat bolt upright, immediately wanting more.

Paul took one look at the lust in her young face and smiled, "See honey? I told you that would feel wonderful, and that was only to get warmed up." He stood up from the bed and stepped quickly out of his shirt and jeans.

"Come over here, baby. See Daddy's hard cock, it needs your kisses now, too. That's right, just wrap your lips around it and slide your mouth up and down it."

As Cordelia hungrily gobbled down Paul's full 7 1/2 inches, he moaned in pleasure. "Oh yessssss... that's so good, baby. Try different speeds, different angles..."

Cordelia sucked and licked and pulled on Paul's dick, trying every which way she could think of and enjoying the moans and gasps of pleasure that escaped his lips.

"Mmmmm, that is terrific baby girl, but before we make a mess doing that, Daddy has a few more things to show you. Lay back on the bed with your legs spread."

Cordelia quickly lay back, knowing she was finally going to get what she had long been after. She pretended, as best she could, to put on a look of apprehension so Paul wouldn't get suspicious of her.

"Now baby, Daddy is going to slowly push his cock inside you. Yes, it will be a little tight at first, but Daddy's fingers and your wetness will have made it easier. If it ever starts to hurt, let me know and I'll stop until you get adjusted to it."

Cordelia nodded again... and gasped and moaned as the cock she had just slicked down with her saliva now slid slowly, deeply, into her pussy made wet by the ministrations of his fingers and mouth.

"Does it feel good Daddy? It feels soooo good inside me. Give it to me, Daddy... give me all of your cock in my tiny teen pussy."

"Yes, baby... Daddy absolutely loves the feeling of your pussy wrapped around his cock... it's the best pussy Daddy has ever been in. Now, Daddy is going to slide my cock in and out of your pussy... this is called the 'missionary' or 'normal' position for sex."

"I love it, Daddy. Don't ever stop fucking me... please!!" 

"Oh, that's the nicest thing you could have said, sweetheart."

After a few minutes, Paul asks her, "Would you like to try some other positions, baby?"

"Oh yes, Daddy... show me all the ways we can fuck!"

Paul regretfully pulls out and roll onto his back. "Come here, honey. Climb up on top of Daddy. This position is called 'Cowgirl', like you're riding a horse. This position is good for letting the woman control just how deep the cock goes in her... like for when Daddy's big cock goes into your tiny pussy. If you couldn't take it the way we started, we would have done this instead."

Cordelia, now comfortable with Paul's thick cock buried inside her, aggressively and wildly launched her tiny body up and down, trying to drive Paul's cock all the way into her womb.

"That's it, slide yourself down onto Daddy... Oh my god... you are so beautiful. I love watching your little brown body bounce up and down on Daddy's big white cock."

"Mmmm, oh baby. That is so wonderful. There's another position like this one called 'Reverse Cowgirl', where you sit on me facing the other way, but we'll skip that one for now because it feels a lot like the next one I'm going to show you."

Paul lifts her off and rolled her over, putting her on her hands and knees. "Now don't laugh, but this way is called 'Doggie Style', because it's the way most animals do it. That's it, baby. Lower your head and chest down to the bed and stick your butt and pussy out towards Daddy."

Without hesitation, Paul slammed his whole length into her, all in one motion, from behind. "Mmmmmmmmm... Daddy loves being inside your pussy, sweetheart. You are so warm and tight and wet. Daddy can't ever remember being inside a pussy as good as this one."

He takes long, slow strokes. With each one flexing his cock inside her, letting her feel it throb and move.

"Daddy is getting really close to the end, baby. The part where his love juice comes splashing out of his cock. But that is what causes babies, and we don't want that now do we? So, here is the last thing Daddy is going to show you."

Paul pulls out once again, but rests his hand on Cordelia's back to keep her where she is. "Raise your body back up, baby... so you're just on your knees and elbows. That's it, now I'm going to spread some more of your wetness over your asshole."

Cordelia trembles under his touch... she hadn't planned on this. Her ass was truly virgin... she and Angela had never seriously considered playing with that, as they had far too much fun with their fingers and tongues in each others' pussies.

Paul felt her body quivering, "You can't get pregnant from this kind of sex. That's one of the things that makes it so nice. The other is how good it feels... but this will probably hurt a little bit, just at first... you're not used to things going in that way, so it will confuse the muscles there for a moment, but just relax, take deep breaths, and remember how good it felt with my finger there earlier."

Cordelia looks back over her shoulder... he can see the fear and uncertainty in her eyes... but she's come so far, she can't let him think she isn't ready for this. She reaches back and pulls her cheeks apart as far as she can, ready to accept him in her ass.

Paul tenderly pushes his fat, aching cock into her ass... gently, softly... giving each little push time for her ass to adjust to the swollen cock inside it for the first time.

"How're you doing, baby girl? Do you like it? Oh, baby... Daddy is so close... I'm going to start fucking your ass now... and Daddy's not going to stop until he shoots his hot cum all the way inside your hot, tight asshole."

Hearing his dirty talk, Cordelia moaned her approval. As Paul starts to fuck her ass, one hand grabs a handful of hair and pulled her head back to his, kissing her deeply. His other hand wrapped around her tiny waist and rubs her clit as he pounds into her for... one... last... thrust... before...

"UUUUUUNNNNNNNNN GGGGHHHHHHHHHHH... HHHHHHOOOOOOO... MMMMMRRRRRRR... Oh... oh baby girl... oh Cordelia... mmmm Daddy feels so good right now. I'd love to go to sleep like this, but we've got to get cleaned up and back to our beds before my wife and step-daughter miss us."

Paul slowly slides out of her, gathers her up in his arms and lifts her once more, carrying her to the adjoining bathroom. Setting her down, Paul turned on the shower and climbed in, holding the curtain open for her.

Together, basking in the afterglow of their lovemaking, they wash and soap each other down, touching and caressing every inch of each others bodies, knowing that tonight was the first of many, many more to cum.

After drying each other off and redressing, he once more carries her to his step-daughter's room and carefully lay her beside his still snoozing step-daughter, and with one last lingering kiss on her beautiful, perfect lips, he slips away... until the next time.

To be continued in Chapter 2.