 I pulled her over on a winding country road. It was early evening on a Saturday, and there was very little traffic on the road. People were either settling in for the night, or home getting ready for a night out. I was on a 4:00 to 12:00 shift and was expecting very little excitement.

The first thing I noticed as she rode by was her blonde hair coming out from the back of her helmet. Her bike was a cruising bike, an import from what I could tell. I looked her up and down, taking in the blonde hair, the black leather jacket, the jeans, and the thigh-high black boots.

I had no real justification for pulling her over. Her infraction, if you could call it that, was that she rode the double yellow line where the road curved to the right.

Screw it, I said to myself. There was nothing going on at that moment, and I had heard enough stories at the station house about the other guys pulling women over to get a better look at them, and to show off the cop gear, the uniform, the duty belt, the whole package. Why shouldn't I do the same?

I pulled out on to the road and flipped on the lightbar. She saw me almost right away and started pulling over. We both came to a stop on the side of the road, and I made a point of holding the radio handset to my mouth for a moment, but I was absolutely not calling this in. I kept my eye on the woman, as she took off her helmet and watched me in her side mirrors.

I got out of the car and walked up to her, taking my time. She spoke first, "Evening, officer." I replied, "Evening. License and registration, please." She handed them over, and I looked at them as I would on any legitimate traffic stop. But I was also checking her out. She looked to be about 5 ' 4 ", slim, with breasts large enough that they were pronounced even from beneath her zipped-up leather jacket.

"I don't think I was going that fast," she offered, the tone of her voice indicating that she was trying to keep things light. She didn't seem nervous, but she was looking me over, trying to figure out what was up. I looked at her, trying to get a sense of how far I could take this. I told her, "I pulled you over because you crossed the double yellow back there." She hesitated, and then replied slowly, "I'm surprised to hear that. But ... if you say so."

If I say so. That was encouraging. I help up her identification and told her that I needed to call it in. I went back to my vehicle and made another show of using the radio. Taking my time, playing it like it was any other call. After a few minutes of that, I went back up to her.

I told her, "There is a problem with your registration. Our records show that it is expired. I need you to step off the bike and come with me. We'll see if we can get this straightened out."

She looked at me, hesitating. "I don't know how that could be," she said. She hesitated again, then said slowly, "But I want to cooperate. I'll go along with you." She stepped off the bike, pocketed her keys, and stood there looking straight at me. Slowly, she said, "Am I under arrest?"

I decided in a split second that I would take this as far as I could. I was taking a huge risk with every part of this, but underneath my calm composure, I was more excited than I had ever been. That made it worth the risk.

I pulled my cuffs off my belt, slowly and deliberately, so that she could see what was coming. Her eyes widened a bit, but she did not say anything, she didn't freak out. "This is just procedure," I explained. "I'm sure we'll be able to get this all cleared up." She stood still, then gradually lifted her arms from her sides and held them out in front of her. I stepped towards her and put the cuffs on her wrists. Neither of us spoke. I put a hand on her back and guided her to my car. The sounds of our footsteps filled the quiet evening air. I opened the rear door for her and eased her into the back seat.

We drove in silence. The sun was setting, and the sky was pink. The silence between us was acute, adding to the excitement and anticipation of our encounter.

I drove to a vacant office building, a one story commercial building. I knew about this place from the some of the other cops. They used the place for "questioning the witness," as they called it. I pulled up to the front of the building and parked. I took a quick glance at my willing arrestee in the rearview mirror. She was looking at the building, scoping the place out.

I got out of the vehicle without saying anything to her and walked to the front door. I spotted the keys in a flowerpot just to the left of the front door, lifted them out, and unlocked the door. I stepped into the lobby area, flipping on the overhead lights. I walked through the lobby, down the hall and looked at the offices along the hallway. One had an old metal desk, no chair, and papers were strewn about the room. Across the hall, another room had a solid but scratched up wooden table, chairs, and a ratty couch. The chairs had metal frames and industrial green padding on the seat and back. This will work, I thought, and flipped on those lights and headed back outside.

Back at the car, I opened the door and guided her out. I held on to her elbow and walked her into the office, back to the office I had selected. I pulled out one of the metal chairs and positioned her in front of it. I unlocked the cuff on her left wrist, but kept hold of the wrist and kept hold of the cuff now hanging down from her right wrist.

"Have a seat," I told her. She sat down slowly, looking up at my face as she did. I released her left hand, then moved quickly behind her and the chair. I took her left wrist again, pulled her arms together and cuffed her again, making sure that the chain of the cuffs was looped through frame of the chair. I didn't think she would try to go anywhere, but if she did, she would be taking the chair with her. I paused for a moment, then walked out of the room, leaving her alone in there, under the fluorescent lights.

I walked out to the lobby and waited. Just for a few minutes. I figured that a few minutes would seem much longer to the woman shackled in the other room.

I went back to her. She watched me intently the minute I appeared at the door. There was some anxiety in her eyes, and she seemed to be breathing a bit heavy.

I pulled another chair over, just in front of hers. I sat down, paused, then put my hands on her knees and spread her legs apart, then pulled my chair that much closer to hers. Watching her face, I moved a hand up to her collar and unzipped her jacket, the sound of the zipper filling the room, along with her heavy breaths. I reached inside her jacket and put my hand on her side, next to her left breast. She had on a white tank top, with a bra underneath. I paused a few seconds, then moved my hand over her breast. I cupped it from underneath, applying pressure, but not so much to cause pain. I listened to her deep breaths as I moved my thumb across her tit, feeling for her nipple through the fabric of the shirt and bra.

Then I pushed her jacket apart, over her shoulders. She gasped at this, from the feel of my hands, and from the motion of moving her arms slightly while they remained cuffed at the wrist. I grabbed the bottom of her tank top and pulled it up roughly, over her tits, leaving it up at the top of her chest. I unhooked her bra - in the front thankfully - and pushed it aside. I cupped her naked tits, feeling the warmth of her body heat, and squeezed them firmly, rubbing at her erect nipples. She let out a moan, and I could hear the sound of the cuffs hitting against the frame of the chair. I leaned my head in and took one of her hard nipples in my mouth, sucking it between my tongue and the roof of my mouth, then licking at it with the tip of my tongue. She tasted delicious.

I pulled my head back and reached down to her pants. I unbuttoned her jeans, and she immediately lifted her ass off the chair and angled her hips and legs so that I could pull them down easier. I pulled the jeans down to her knees. I then moved my hand along her inner thigh, up to her pussy. The heat of her was unbelievable, and she was dripping wet. She let out an "Oh!" as I moved my hand over her pussy, moving from bottom to top, pressing my middle finger between her lips. I let my hand rest on top of her, and pressed in with my finger. I felt the sides of her vagina with my finger, reaching up and in as far as I could. She was panting now, and I moved my thumb over her clit, rubbing it, while pressing out from the inside of her with my middle finger.

She was breathing faster now, her eyelids heavy as I rubbed her clit and pussy. The cuffs clanged and scraped against the back of the chair. I moved my other hand to her face, feeling her skin, and she moved her head so that she could take my thumb in her mouth, sucking it hard. She bit down on it as she started to cum, her hips bucking, the chair scraping along the floor as she moved with the orgasm.

After, she was still breathing hard, looking at me to see what would come next. I pulled away from her, and pushed my chair back. I moved behind her, unlocking her left cuff again, unhooking the chain from the chair. I grabbed her arms and stood her up from behind. Kicking the chair out of the way, I leaned her over the table. I reached up, stretched her arms out past her head, then cuffed her again. I put a hand firmly on her back to keep her facedown on the table. I took a moment to look her over. Her jacket still on, but open. Her jeans down around her knees, her boots still on. Her ass naked, her pussy exposed. Her arms stretched out, cuffs on her wrists. I unbuckled my duty belt, opened my pants and let them fall to my ankles, followed by my boxers.

I pressed my hard cock to her wet pussy. I slid in, easier than I could have imagined. I grabbed on to her hips and began thrusting, hard and deep. She let out a loud scream, "Oh yes!" as I pushed in and out. I moved my hands to her ass and squeezed her cheeks, feeling her vagina close in around my cock, hot and wet. I pushed my dick all the way in, slamming it in, slamming my hips against her ass. It felt like my cock was burning, she was so hot, and for that matter, so was I. I moved my thumb to her asshole and pressed against it. As soon as I did that, I could feel her vagina pulsing on my cock and she screamed out again as she came. That sensation was too much for me, and I let go, shooting my cum up into her, shooting again and again. 

I stayed inside her, looking at her stretched out on the table, as we both caught our breath from the fuck. I pulled out, pulled up my boxers and pants, buttoned and buckled up. I looked at her for another moment, then leaned forward and unlocked her cuffs, both wrists. I helped her stand up, and she stood looking at me for a long moment, her clothes pushed up and down, her face flushed. She pulled her shirt down, not bothering to hook her bra, then pulled her pants up. She looked at me again.

I cleared my throat. "I think I can let you go with a warning this time," I said.

She smiled and let out a tired laugh. "I appreciate that, Officer," she said.

"Let's get you back to your bike," I told her, and I immediately started thinking about the next time I might see her on the road. Or when I might track her down from the address on her license.