 I knew that I was speeding, like I always do. But being on a stretch of highway that only the locals used, I never worried about being caught by a highway cop with a radar gun. I knew I was busted when I saw the vehicle's lights come on in the haze of dust I had just created. 

"Shit! Fuck! Fuck!" I cursed while my hands pounded the steering wheel.

I had to pull over, there was no way I could outrun him. I slowed and found a bare patch of dirt to pull over and away from oncoming traffic, which there never was. The cop car came to a halt behind me. I rolled down my window and checked to make sure I had my seatbelt on and mobile phone away before I got into more trouble for that. 

"Good morning Miss." The officer said as he reached my car door.

"Hello Officer, yeah I know I was speeding, i'm sorry about that."

"Is there any need for you to be going 146km in a 100km zone?"

I looked like such a child as I answered him "No, sorry I was just driving home from work and didn't realise how fast I was actually going." Which was absolute bullshit! I usually drive even faster than that most days, but had seen a roo the evening before and decided to slow down incase it was still around.

"Travelling 30km's and over the designated speed limit is an automatic loss of licence Miss." He said as he bent forward and rested his forearm on the rolled down window of my car. This was the first time he caught a glimpse of me and my work uniform. 

You see, I work at a country pub, where business can sometimes get slow and the owners have come up with a great plan to lure patrons back to the old watering hole. Only young hot 20 somethings get hired to work behind the bar and we have 'theme' nights where the customers choose what we dress as. It always has to be some kind of fictional character and this time they had picked 'The Little Mermaid'. 

I was head to toe covered in body glitter with a little bikini top on in the shape of sea shells and a green mini skirt covered in sequins. My naturally long red hair was curled and had shells and starfish through it too. We had gotten a lot of regulars in last night and my boss decided to have a lock-in which means that a select few of regulars and the publican hang around behind locked doors and keep drinking for as long as the possibly can. I get a few extra bucks if I stay back and keep pouring drinks and keep an eye on the tills and doors until its over. This one lock-in lasted until 7am when the last of the guys finally called it quits and passed out in some of the upstairs rooms. 

The cop could barely keep his eyes off my tits. I don't blame him though. I only got them done a few months ago and I always stand in the mirror admiring how big and perky they look now.

The cop cleared his throat and asked for my licence. I gave it to him and had a chance to study him for a few moments while he checked out my details. He wasn't too bad looking either. My guess would be around min 30's. He came back and gave me my license. 

"I'm afraid i'm going to have to ask you to step out of the car Miss."

"What for?" I asked, a little scared that I was in a lot of trouble.

"As I said earlier, the speed that you were going is an automatic loss of license so you will have to leave your car here and make some arrangements with family or friends to have it picked up and taken wherever you need it to go."

I absolutely hate getting in trouble so I meekly took my seatbelt off and climbed out of my car. I moved to the bonnet of my car so I could prop myself up on the bonnet while he finished taking down my rego. 

"I don't have any friends or family close to here to pick me up though."

"Well thats ok, I can give you a ride home before I head back to the station."

"Thanks" I said, in a squeaky voice. I was so close to crying that I didn't want to talk incase tears started streaming down my face. The cop came back to where I was sitting and gave me my ticket. He saw my eyes had welled up and tried to be nice to me. He put his hand on my shoulder.

"Don't worry, you aren't the first or last person to speed. You will get your licence back in three months."

"I just feel like a fool, sorry i'm crying. I must look like a little girl right now."

"Actually you couldn't look anymore like a woman even if you tried."

I looked up at his face and he was looking directly at my cleavage. He saw that he had been caught and turned his head and walked a little in front of me to get some distance between us.

I looked down and saw that he had gotten a little hard staring at my tits. 

Maybe I could use this as an advantage and try to get out of a ticket.

I flicked my hair so that it cascaded behind my shoulders and arched my back, making my knockers seem even bigger. The cop looked back at me and his mouth fell open. I took the opportunity to open my legs a little so he could see my new white lacy panties. 

"You know you are pretty cute for a cop. Why don't you come over here and show me your pistol?"

This is either going to work or get me arrested I thought. It looked like he was reacting to me at least, his dick was now easy to make out underneath his blue trousers. It looked to be a fair size too. Maybe today was actually my lucky day!

He didn't move so I got up off the car and stood right in front of him. "You know, I've always loved a man in uniform."

I slowly moved my mouth closer and closer to his without actually touching. His hands were balled into fists at his sides. I was now only an inch away from him and I exhaled softly over his lips. He gave into me and lowered his lips down onto mine.

His tongue was dancing with mine as he deepened the kiss. His hands were on a mission to explore my body and I was doing the same. He must have worked out because his dick wasn't the only hard thing about him. I broke the kiss and sunk to my knees. Once I had gotten rid of his utility belt (with some help from him) I had his zipper dow and his schlong out and into my mouth in no time. I sucked him off like a woman possessed and he came in my mouth within a minute. I'm a lady so of course I swallowed every drop of his cum. I thought that was the end of our little adventure but he had other ideas. He pulled me up off the ground and onto the bonnet of my car, spreading my legs with his hands. He pushed my panties to the side and dove his head into my crotch. His tongue lapped past my pussy lips and over the sweet spot of my clit. He nibbled and sucked at me until I was writhing all over the hood of the car, I couldn't keep still. I came so hard that I could have easily blacked out. The cop wasn't done though, and lifted me up off the car and wrapped my legs around his waist. 

He was hard once again and positioned my cunt right over his dick. He used his strength to drop me right onto his cock. I have never had a cock that far inside me in my entire life. He lifted and dropped me over and over again as I clung onto him for dear life. The noises that were coming out of my mouth sounded like a wild animal, I was in heaven. His groans were a sure sign that he was about to cum soon and sure enough he lifted and dropped me one last time and held me steady while he dumped a pile of cum inside me. I used my pussy muscles to clench around him as tightly as I could to prolong his orgasm. Once he had finished jizzing into me, he sat me back onto the roof of my car, pulled out and knelt in front of me. Semen oozed out of my cunt and onto the metal hood and then slowly dripped on the ground. I couldn't believe how much dick juice was coming out of me. He grabbed a tissue out of his pocket and wiped his dick down before putting it back in his pants and standing up.

"It looks like I made a spelling mistake on that ticket, now its invalid" he said as he ripped the paper up.

"I think it would be best if I followed you to your residence to make sure you get home safely Miss."

"That sounds like a great idea. Thank you. Could you come in and check for intruders when we get there, just incase someone has broken in?"

"It would be my pleasure." He said, with a grin on his face.

"After you!"