 Four o'clock seemed to take an eternity to come. Since three, William must have checked his watch every 5 minutes. William looked at the display on the phone as it rang, seeing his favorite extension.

He lifted the receiver, and in his deep voice said, "Hi baby! What's going on?"

"Hey Trouble." Olivia answered. "I have good news and bad news. Which do you want to hear first?"

"Give me the bad news baby." William said.

"Ok, we can't go to the spot after work. I can't get my mother-in-law to watch my son past eight." Olivia said. "The good news is that I have about two free hours after work to have drinks if you like."

William was a little disappointed. After the fantastic fuck they had in the boss's office about an hour ago, he was looking forward to the second round at the hotel they used for their fuck engagements. The "spot" was about a 20 minute drive from the city, off the main thoroughfares. Well, drinks would have to do. He didn't mind too much. Any time he could spend with his sweetheart was always a plus.

"Understandable baby." William answered. I'll meet you at the usual place. Let me go so I can finish my work."

"Alright Trouble, I'll be waiting" she said. 

Olivia placed the phone down on its cradle. As she stared blindly out of the window, Olivia's right hand slowly moved under her desk and up between her legs. She gently rubbed her pussy, still sensitive from William's cock assault earlier. 

"I should not wear panties more often." She said to herself. 

Her self massage began to take effect. She felt her wetness on her finger. With that she snapped out of her daydream state. For a moment, she forgot she was at work. Luckily, no one else in the office noticed her little session. She checked her watch. It was 3:45 pm, 15 minutes to go. Olivia reached down to remove her flats, and to put on her four inch heel sandals. As she buckled the strap around her ankles, she remembered the day William gave them to her. Afterwards, she fucked him for hours with them on. They were his favorite. Olivia smiled at the mental reflection then gathered her bag and her work from the day. As she rose from her desk, her flowered dress swayed at mid-thigh. 

"Good night everyone." She said.

"Good night Olivia. Have a good evening." They replied.

"Thanks!" she said. 

Olivia intended to make sure the evening was good like the day was. She giggled to herself imagining what her co-workers would say if they knew she was totally naked under her dress, and that she had just fucked the shit out of the boss right under their noses. That thought made her pussy tingle. Olivia dropped her completed work in the basket, chatted a few with her friend Tanya, then at 4:00 signed out. She then headed straight for the elevator.

The lovers' secret rendezvous place was a cozy bar/restaurant located within a 10 minute walk from the job. It was off "the path", not patronized by anyone from their office. William and Olivia often ate lunch there and frequently met for after work drinks. The food was good and the atmosphere was comfortable. The waitresses and the owners knew them well, and were always glad to see the happy couple for lunch or drinks. 

Olivia arrived at the restaurant about 4:15. She decided to enter from the bar's side of the building. PJ's Bar was divided into three sections. The restaurant, which had its own entrance, the bar, which was the main entry from the courtyard, and a small auxiliary dinning room used for special events. Olivia pushed passed the two heavy wooden doors and entered the bar. Her eyes adjusted to the dim lighting. Three guys were sitting at the bar. They were regulars, and waved when she came in.

"Hi Olivia, how are you?" Paul, the owner said from behind the bar. 

"I'm fine" she replied.

"Your other half is waiting for ya." He said in his deep Irish bough.

"Thanks Paul." Olivia replied.

She walked past the juke box toward their favorite table. She saw William there beer in hand, talking with the head waiter Tom. 

"There she is." Tom said. How are you darling?" He said as he turned and kissed her on the cheek. 

"Fine Tom. How is Maria doing?" Olivia said.

"She's doing well. I'll bring you your drink."

Olivia and William had met Tom's lady, Maria, back in the spring right after their daughter graduated from college. Tom and Maria had come to the bar to celebrate the occasion. During the evening, Olivia and Maria were out in the courtyard having a smoke and some conversation. Maria, after complementing on what a great couple William and Olivia made, noticed Olivia's wedding ring and asked her how long they had been married.

"We've been married for several years, but not to each other." She said with a smirk.

Maria was surprised, but understood. She, like everyone Olivia and William interacted with thought them to be such a perfect couple. That conversation always stayed in Olivia's mind.

Tom stepped away and headed to the bar. Olivia dropped her things on an empty chair. William rose and pulled out the chair next to him so she could sit. William was such a gentleman, something rarely seen these days. Their table was the last one before the hallway that led to the restrooms and the small dining area. It was a high table in the corner next to the courtyard window. They liked this spot because it out of the direct line of sight of most of the bar, and it also offered a view of the main entrance so they could see who came in and out.

"Hi beautiful!" William said as he gave her a soft kiss on her lips.

"Hi Trouble." She replied. "How did you beat me here?" 

"Can't reveal all my secrets." He said. 

William looked her up and down. His eyes fixated on her short dress, long brown legs, and high strapped sandals. His dick began to stiffen. His mouth watered for the taste of her snatch.

"You are so bad William!" She said, reading his mind. "You are so going to get it!"

"I want it!" He countered. "Did I tell you how beautiful you are today?"

"I don't remember. Tell me again!" Olivia said coyly.

"You are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen." He stated.

Olivia blushed and gave him a quick kiss. They talked and laughed through several Coronas. Time was just flying by when Olivia looked at her watch. It was 6:30.

"Look at the time sweetie. I got to go. Let me use the ladies room and then, would you be so kind as to walk me to the subway?" She said.

"Of course I will." William answered with a smirk on his face. 

Olivia walked down the hall to the bathrooms. There was an out of order sign on the women's door. She turned and went back to the table.

"Honey, it's not working. I'm going to have to use the bathroom in the basement."

"Alright, I have to go too. We can then go out the back way towards the train." William suggested. 

"Sounds like a plan sweetie." she said, gathering her things.

William got up from the stool. He felt the effects of the alcohol as he steadied himself. He was so horny now. He wanted to attack her right there. If he looked hard enough, he thought he could see the crack of her ass through her dress. William's cock was hard and extended down his pants leg. No one in the bar noticed except Olivia. When she reached for her bag, she made sure to rub her fingers on his erection. William jumped slightly. 

"My, my, what a big dick you have Grandpa." She whispered.

"You're going to pay for that." He said.

"Ok." Olivia answered.

They said their goodbyes to everyone. It was a slow night with only five people at the bar. William and Olivia walked into the main dining area, then down the hallway towards the rear exit. Across from the door was a stairway leading down to the basement level. The basement contained two storage rooms that were locked, and another set of bathrooms that were empty. They each went into their respective restrooms. William finished first. He washed his hands and went out into the lower foyer to wait for his love. A couple of minutes later, Olivia emerged from the women's room. William took a quick look around. There was no one else down there, and there was no one upstairs in the dining area. As Olivia came out, he grabbed her by the waist, pulling her to him. Without saying a word, he began to kiss her. Olivia was startled for a second, but feeling his hot body next to hers made her melt. They kissed passionately for several minutes, their tongues circling each other in their mouths. William reached between her legs and grabbed her hot snatch. Olivia's wetness allowed his fingers to slide into her pussy with ease. 

"Oooh!" she moaned, as his middle finger caressed her insides. Olivia's pussy stated to pulsate with his touch, sending shivers through her body.

"Enough of this!" she grunted.

Olivia grabbed William's shoulders and pushed him through the open door into the men's room. She continued to force him back until he was pressed up against the countertop. She forcefully put her mouth to his, pushing her tongue down his throat. While doing that, she unzipped his fly and pushed aside his boxers to grab his dick. She felt his hard member throbbing in his pants. William was so hard that she could not get his cock out. That only made her more determined. 

"You've got to fuck me right her, right now!" she commanded.

With that, they moved into the rightmost stall and closed the stall door. William quickly dropped his pants, letting his nine inch curved cock spring into action. Olivia lifted her dress, turned around, and bent forward, exposing her hairy cunt to her lover. She then braced herself against the bathroom wall. William wasted no time. He thrust his hard cock into her pussy, and watched it disappear inch by inch. Olivia was well lubricated from her juices, but he could still feel his massive cock spreading her insides. He pushed forward until he was buried to the hilt, his cock head impaled against her womb. His dick was on fire as it twitched within her hot pussy. William grabbed her hips and began pumping her snatch. 

"Oooh shit! That's so good! Don't stop!" She cried out.

William pounded her pussy with long deep strokes. He watched her cuntal lips protrude on the out strokes and disappear on the in strokes. His dick and her pussy made slurping noises from the mixture of her juices and pussy cream. Olivia lost her mind. She grunted like an animal as her cunt was ravaged by his cock. William's curved dick just kept hitting all those spots that her husband could never reach. Being with him was the only times she was truly fully satisfied sexually. They both had reverted to a primal state of lust. They were in heat and nature was taking its course. 

Olivia's body shuddered as she came. Her only thoughts were to ride this rock as long as physically possible. She yearned for his cum. It was the only thing that would put out this fire burning inside her. Olivia rotated her ass, trying to snap William's dick off his body. In addition, she was grinding herself against him. William's balls massaged her clit and she could feel the vein on his cock pulsing on her pussy walls. Olivia felt her pussy contract, as another orgasm swept through her body. William was pumping faster and harder with each stroke, the force of his fucking pushing her body more and more against the wall. William felt her pussy throb violently. He knew she was cumming and cumming hard. The force of her contractions felt like a pair of lips sucking on the tip of his dick, sending bursts of electricity into his cock head. As Olivia's orgasm peaked it triggered William's cum cycle. 

"Aaaagh!" he cried, as he felt his cock expand and contract. The spasms in his balls increased, as he shot his thick load into Olivia's cunt. Wave after wave of cum blasted into her as he instinctively pulled her ass tight to him, so as not to loose a drop.

Olivia didn't care if anyone heard. She screamed with pleasure as her orgasm flooded her body. The waves of pleasure emanating from her cunt grew in intensity as she felt William's cum enter her body. It was so much more pleasurable when they came in unison, both cock and cunt experiencing the spasms of orgasm together. Olivia would swear she felt her womb sucking his cum up like a vacuum. She began to feel his cock spasms slowly start to decrease. Olivia pulled away, dismounting him, her legs barely able to keep her standing. She spun around and dropped to her knees, not satisfied as yet.

"I hope there's some more cum left." She said as she engulfed his cock with her lips.

William grabbed the top of the stall door, bracing himself as his cum seizures overcame him. Olivia peered upwards as she sucked the head of his cock, draining the remnants of his sperm. She loved to see William loose it when she blew him after he finished dropping his load. She continued to lick the tip of his dick, then swallowed his sweet tasting cum in one gulp. She removed her lips from him, and just continued to stroke his dick with her left hand. For some reason, she wanted more of his cum. Olivia squatted with her legs spread. She held on to William's cock, and with her right hand, she scooped some of their mixed cum from her pussy and licked it into her mouth. 

"O god this tastes so good!" she said as she swallowed the thick liquid. 

She did this several times until there was no more to be had. Finally satisfied, she sat back on the commode. William emerged from his orgasmic fits to witness Olivia in total freak mode. She had just finished her cum feast and sat down. For a moment, he thought he was dreaming. He couldn't imagine how the sex between them kept getting better and better. With his breathing under control, he looked into her big brown eyes.

"No one could do this to me. I love you so much." He said.

"Love you too sweetie. Why couldn't we figured this out years ago? Such possibilities." She replied.

"Maybe this is how it's meant to be." He pondered. 

Just then it dawned on them were they were. They both hurried, cleaned up and dressed. William slowly scanned the area. Apparently no one saw or heard them. They quickly ascended the stairs and went out of the restaurant. The night air gave them chills as they walked down the narrow streets of the business district. Olivia and William laughed in amazement as they recalled the day's events. They both agreed that today's sessions were the most intense sex they had ever had in their lives.

As they reached the subway, they could hear Olivia's train rounding the sharp curve to enter the station. William kissed Olivia goodbye, then she went through the turnstile and boarded the train. He watched as the train pulled away, and disappear into the tunnel. He climbed the stairs to the street and headed for the other station a block away. That line would take him to the railroad for the long ride home. William thought what could possibly be next for him and Olivia. He didn't worry. Somehow he just knew the adventures were only continuing.