 Within a few minutes I heard the faint sound of snoring from the bed next to me. I stared absently at the ceiling, restless. My pussy was still wet and throbbing from being fucked by Blake minutes ago. I decided that maybe getting a glass of water would help me calm down and fall asleep. 

I got up from the bed and stumbled blindly in the semi-dark, unfamiliar bedroom. I reached for the familiar door of the bedroom and walked into the pitch black hall; it seemed everyone else had already gone to bed. I slowly stumbled forward, making my way straight towards the bathroom at the end. The brightness of the bathroom light blinded my eyes. I didn't bother closing the door since I was only getting water. I fumbled for the nearby glass and filled it to the brim before touching it to my lips. The cool water felt pleasurable filling my mouth and pouring down my throat. I flashed back to how good it felt sucking Blake's giant cock and my pussy throbbed hot and wet with the memory. My cunt was so soaked and full of our dirty juices; my pussy lips torturously rubbed together, stimulating my clit with every movement of my legs. I couldn't help but lightly probe my aching pussy over Blake's oversized shirt. I bit my lip as my fingers quickly found their way under the hem of the shirt and drifted up my inner thigh. My other hand found its way to my stiff nipples and pinched them hard. I moaned softly as my index finger gently entered between my soaked pussy lips. I looked down and glanced at the name of the bizarre band on the front of the white t-shirt Blake handed me, it read: "The American Motherfuckers." 

"How pleasant," I whispered to myself as I rolled my eyes. Snapped back into reality, I decided I should try to get back to bed. I turned the light off and entered again into the open hall, as I blindly stepped back into the fresh darkness. 

"That's actually my shirt," a voice suddenly whispered from somewhere in the living room. 

"Huh? What?" I said startled and confused, stopping mid-step. 

"I said, that's actually my shirt you are wearing," the voice replied, nonchalantly. 

"Is that you, Blake?" I guessed, thinking I recognized something familiar about his voice, "I can't see you in the dark." 

"No, Claire...it's Clive," he replied, sounding much closer than he was before. 

I immediately distinguished the subtle differences in their voices that I hadn't noticed seconds ago; although Clive was younger in age, his voice was noticeably deeper. I suppose the difference made sense since their body types were so opposite, besides their faces, they didn't look at all like brothers. Blake's body was slimmer, lighter in weight and a natural runner; whereas Clive was physically larger than his elder brother, but had a very fit, muscular, hockey player's build. 

"Oh, sorry, you scared me. What are you doing wandering around the living room?" I asked, getting annoyed. 

"Well, see, you appear to be in my bedroom at the moment and wearing my shirt," he proclaimed, his voice seemed to be only feet away now. 

"Oh right," I replied. I had forgotten that the hallway to the bathroom leads right through the living room where Clive was sleeping on the pull out couch. The bathroom light must have allowed him to clearly identify the shirt on my body. Then it dawned on me, if he could see the band on the shirt from where he was, he probably watched me briefly feeling up my pussy and tits too. I smiled at the thought that he had viewed me and it made my heart beat faster. "I'm sorry, Blake handed it to me in the dark. I seem to be taking all your stuff tonight -your bed, now your shirt," I joked, trying to distract from my own embarrassment. 

"You are quite the thief it seems," his voice whispered from behind my shoulder. He obviously didn't get my jest. "Aren't you, Claire?" he questioned, inches away from my ear this time. 

Startled, I jumped forward accidently bumping my arm into what felt like the living room sofa. My heart was pounding with fear and excitement as I turned around to once again face the empty darkness. I felt strangely aroused not knowing where he was, as he hunted me like prey in the dark. 

"What do you want, Clive?" I asked, trying to sound more serious.

"Well, for starters, I'd like my shirt back," he whispered, now positioned somewhere in front of me. 

"Seriously? Right now?" I asked in disbelief, "You can have it in the morning, Clive." 

"Well, so here's the thing, it actually is a sentimental t-shirt, you see. I don't want my brother's girl stretching it out with her big tits. If you take it off, I'll give you different shirt in exchange," he said with a smile in his voice. 

"Um, okay, I guess," I replied skeptically, but flattered that he noticed my larger than normal tits, "where is this other shirt?" 

"Come over here, it's next to the couch," Clive stated as he voice trailed away from the hall and entered the empty black of the living room. 

"Where?" I asked, "I can't see, remember?"

"Follow my voice," he whispered back, teasingly. I hesitated for a moment to wonder if pursuing Clive into the dark was a good idea, but I was also too intrigued by him to argue. 

"Alright," I said, cautiously agreeing to the odd command. I started blindly walking towards the dark living room center, both of my hands stretched far out in front of me. My big tits brushed against my stretched out arms as I walked and my nipples lightly tickled my forearms through Clive's shirt. I advanced a few feet into the emptiness, but when I called out to him he didn't respond. 

"Clive?" I whispered. 

No answer. 

"Hello? Ouch!" I cried out in surprise as my shins bumped into a soft cushion and knocked me off balance. My body fell forward into what felt like a seat of a leather arm chair. I thrusted my hands forward into the seat cushion to break my fall. My shirt fell up over my hips as I landed in the chair in an awkward face-forward position, revealing my naked ass as it rose straight up into the air.

"Come on, this isn't funny," I muffled into the leather seat. Suddenly, I felt two hands grab hold of my hips and begin to caress my ass from behind. 

"Clive! What are you doing?" I protested in shock. 

"Helping you with my shirt, Claire," he said confidently. "You have to take this shirt off in order to put another shirt on, right?" he whispered, as he squeezed my naked ass. 

"Oh, I..." I tried to object, while I remained unmoving in his hands.

"Mmm, Claire," he moaned before I could finish speaking, "I think you are so fucking sexy and I hate that my brother got to fuck you first. I also...," he hesitated, "I also heard you and Blake fucking against our bedroom door tonight. I heard you moaning loudly through the door. Claire, my dick grew so fucking hard imaging it was me and not my brother," he confessed into my ear.

I was in shock that Clive had admitted to getting turned on hearing me fuck Blake. But, there was something so hot about imagining his cock growing stiff while listening to us fuck. I suddenly realized Clive's motives were not aimed at preventing his shirt from getting stretched, that had been a lie; he wanted something else.

"When I saw you in the bathroom," he continued, "massaging your big tits in my shirt, and playing with your pussy, you were so fucking hot; I knew I couldn't hold back my lust for you any longer." His hands hungrily ran down my thighs and back as he slowly edged the shirt up past my waist inch by inch. He gathered the soft t-shirt fabric slowly over my back and held it fiercely in his fist. His other hand impatiently caressed over my bare hips and thighs, moving up to squeeze my luscious ass. 

This was so wrong for two distinct reasons, I thought to myself as I stood physically frozen in astonishment. First of all, he was Blake's 18-year old brother and I just met him today. And second, the risk that anyone could walk through the living room and catch us was highly likely. What if Ed or Lorraine, Blake and Clive's parents, decided to come downstairs? What if Blake, Clive's brother who I just fucked and was sleeping down the hall, decided to come find me? But, as these questions ran through my head, his forbidden touch also felt so fucking hot, it drowned out any logical thoughts. I recalled Clive's fiery green eyes that had locked onto my own after standing up from dinner. He had reminded me of a young version of Blake in that moment, his skin glowing in the soft light of the fire as his eyes briefly hypnotized me. My heart raced with excitement. I wasn't sure which made me feel dirtier -Clive feeling up my ass, or desperately wanting him to feel more? 

A moan of pleasure escaped my mouth and I immediately felt naughty for allowing Clive to know how much I was enjoying his touch. I sensed Clive's smile widen, and I'm almost certain I heard him chuckle quietly. His hands pulled my hips to press against his own, and I felt his already half-stiff, large cock press firmly against my ass through his thin, cotton boxers. He squeezed my ass cheeks roughly between his hands as he pulled his hips away slightly. Before I realized the plan that he had devised, he swiftly moved one hand around my waist and another around my arm as he pulled my body upright. His arms drew me closer towards his body until my back pressed firmly against his naked chest. His hands began to freely pull my shirt up further and further until he uncovered my big, round tits. He allowed my shirt to rest lightly above my revealed tits as his hands gently fondled each of my large globes. His touch was light and delicate as he squeezed my huge tits, trying to grasp their large size completely in each of his hands. His thumbs and forefingers teased my nipples, tenderly pulling and pinching them between his fingers. 

"Mmmm, this is...so...naughty, Clive," I pleaded. He didn't say a word; all I could hear was his breathing -heavy and desperate against my ear as he worked my hard nipples eagerly. 

Clive gently released my tits and lightly grasped the front of my shirt with both of his hands. He pulled just the front of the fabric up past my clavicle and then up over my face and head. I thought he was going to remove the shirt completely, but he stopped pulling it down when he reached my elbows, leaving my arms helplessly trapped behind my back. He grabbed the excess shirt tight in his hand, my arms pressed together behind me and my back curved willingly against him. My hard nipples were forced to stick out even further into the cool air as my arms were pulled back. I moaned quietly as I watched the faint outline of my swollen tits bounce freely in front of my face. 

"You like being bad, don't you, Claire?" Clive breathed deeply against my ear, making me shudder, "I could tell that about you immediately, but I don't think my brother can sense it at all." His spare hand gently flicked my nipples before switching to squeezing and pinching my quivering breasts.

I had to admit to myself that there was some truthfulness in Clive's words, but I was caught off guard by his straightforward assessment and remained silent as his question hung stiff in the air. I had never told Blake about my dark desires and he never asked, but Clive had sensed that side of me right away. The thought that he knew exactly what I wanted made my blood boil with excitement. 

His hand ran down along the cool skin of my stomach and navel. I trembled as his hand investigated my soft, supple skin. His free hand glided softly in stark contrast to his other, as he continued to clench the "American Motherfuckers" band shirt in restraint behind my back. He persistently moved his fingers downwards, briefly tickling the small patch of pubic hair shaped into a strip on my freshly waxed pussy. He caressed my inner thigh, accidently brushing my pussy lips with the rhythmic strokes of his hand. His fingers glided expertly as he began to tease the edges of my smooth, wet pussy lips. He nuzzled his mouth into my neck and softly kissed me along my naked shoulder and upper back. He still positioned himself a few inches behind me, his shirt-filled fist and my arms barely separating our bodies. Regardless of his inches of distance, he felt torturously far away. I wanted to feel his warm body pressed firmly against mine. I wanted to feel his cock grow harder as he touched me. I wanted him to rub his cock against my bare ass and beg him to cock slap me with his large dick. 

"Mmmmmm," managed to barely escape my lips. "Clive, I..." my plea was unexpectedly interrupted as Clive reached his head around from behind and kissed my open mouth passionately. Our tongues mingled together like old lovers; hot and desperate for each other's familiar touch.

Clive's fingers continued to explore the edges of my wet cunt and kissed me deeper when he discovered the river of sweet liquid that had begun to stream down my leg. His hand followed the sticky substance towards the warm cache of juices within my pussy lips. He traced his finger along the slit of my cunt; I shuddered and gasped in response. He hastily removed both of his hands and pulled the shirt off of me completely, freeing my arms in the process. Quickly, he pulled me back into his warm, half-naked, body, as if he heard my desire to feel his strong, sexy body. I shivered as his warm, muscular chest pressed up against my cool, naked back. His cock pushed hard against my supple ass through his cotton boxers. His dick felt so big and thick, slightly pulsating against the soft pillows of my cheeks. I licked my lips as I imagined him shoving his cock up my ass while his brother simultaneously fucked my tight pussy. My swollen cunt engorged with more juices and my sticky warmth started to soak his boxers and drip further down my thighs. 

"There, now you have your shirt back, Clive," I said, "what else could you want?" I said warily; I knew the answer, but I wanted to hear him say it. 

"You," Clive whispered into my ear. "I want you, Claire. Isn't that obvious?" He quickly turned me around to face him and enveloped me completely in his arms as our tongues kissed. 

"Mmmm. Oh, Clive, I...you're just so, fucking hot," I managed to confess. "You have no idea how turned on I am," I gasped between kisses. 

Clive pulled me even closer, held my ass in his hands and rubbed his hard dick firmly against my inner thigh. I pictured his enormous cock ramming my wet hole and my pussy flooded with anticipation. I wanted to feel his cock so badly. My hand drifted down towards the edge of his boxers and tried to slowly pull down the waist band. He smacked my ass and firmly jiggled my bubble butt in his large hands. 

"You know what would be really hot?" Clive asked, coyly. 

"What?" I replied, afraid of his answer. This was obviously a man who had no qualms about fooling around with his brother's girl, or admitting to getting hard while they fucked in the other room. 

"Let's go back to my room."

"But...but, that's where your brother's sleeping," I answered, with slight panic and confusion. 

"I know. It would be so fucking dirty to fuck you in the bed next to him while he sleeps unsuspectingly." Clive retorted. 

"Um, Clive, I don't think I could do that...what if he wakes up?"

"Oh, come on, Claire. I know that thought thrills you," Clive whispered as he kissed my neck "And, you'll probably cum really fast anyway from my big dick, seeing how wet you already are. Mmmm, isn't that right, Clare?" Clive asked as he pulled me into him, grinding my pussy against his hard cock and soaking his boxers with my gushing juices. "Plus, Blake will just sleep through it; I assume that we've both slept in the same room with him often enough to know he's a heavy sleeper," pleaded Clive. 

"Mmm, oh, Clive, you can't be true. I feel like you can read my thoughts, but it's that you crave the same naughty desires," I whispered against his skin. Clive didn't answer back, but I hardly noticed since he continued to gently grind his hard dick against my dripping pussy and play with my ass. I squirmed in pleasure while helplessly captive in his bulky arms. 

With little warning, Clive swept his arm under my legs and caught me, lifting me off my feet in one motion into his strong arms. He began to effortlessly carry me down the hall to the bedroom that I was just sharing with Blake minutes ago. I took the moment to admire his strong shoulders and fully toned arms. My heart raced with fear and excitement. Clive knew the layout of the bedroom, of course, since it was his own as well as Blake's, and navigated easily through the dark. He laid me down effortlessly on his bed. I stared briefly at the familiar ceiling tile above my head before getting the nerve to glance to my right at Blake. Thankfully, he was sleeping soundly, chest down with his mouth drooling against his pillow and his legs sprawled awkwardly in separate directions off the bed. 

Clive kissed the nape of my neck as he laid his body down on top of my own. "I should fuck you against the door just like my brother did," he whispered into my ear. I clutched the back of his naked, warm body with my desperate fingers. His warm mouth pressed against my tits as he bit and teased my tender nipples. He had removed his boxers and I felt his long, hard, hot cock press against the skin of my thigh as his hips fit precisely into my own. I gasped with thrill and anticipation. His throbbing cock teased the entrance of my exposed pussy, my hips compulsively grinded against him. He purposefully teased the head of his dick against my aching lips; his cock felt huge against my tight hole as he easily coaxed the wet juices from my snatch. 

"Mmmm," I moaned out in frustration and yearning, forgetting where I was. I quickly realized I had been a little too loud and looked over at Blake to make sure he was still asleep; thankfully, he hadn't moved an inch. Clive smiled down at me as I looked up at him for the first time, my eyes finally adjusting well enough to see in the moonlit room. His green eyes looked so dark; they reminded me of the deepest, darkest depths of the ocean. He leaned down and sensually kissed me on the lips. Soon our kisses became desperate and hungry; our breaths grew heavier with every touch of our lips. 

Clive moved to spoon me from behind, so that we were lying side by side and I was facing Blake. I glanced again at the sleeping figure in the bed inches next to us; he had shifted slightly so he was now sleeping on his back. I closed my eyes again as Clive began to kiss my shoulder with his sensual mouth. He pulled my hips against him while he pushed his cock firmly against my ass cheeks. I spread my legs and placed his cock just barely against my pussy lips, entrapping his shaft between my thighs. He thrusted the length of his cock back and forth against the opening of my freshly drenched cunt. I played with the head of his cock as he rubbed it against my clit, pressing his shaft ever deeper into the soaking trenches of my pussy lips. His hand pinched my nipples as I moaned with every thrust of his thick cock. Our breaths quickened as he nuzzled his face into the nape of my neck. Not being able to stand much more torture, I lifted my hips slightly and guided the huge head of his dick into the entrance of my tight pussy. 

"Oh my god, Claire," Clive moaned loudly, "you're so fucking tight, I can't even fit the head of my dick inside you, holy shit." 

"Fuck...mmmm, you're so big, but it feels fucking amazing, Clive," I moaned back. 

"Mmmm, shit, baby," Clive groaned as he pushed his dick deeper into my pussy inch by inch, slowly stretching me to fit his large cock. "Mmmmm, fuck," he gasped louder as his dick filled my tight, wet cunt as much as possible and my pussy pulsated in ecstasy. He pulled out of my dripping hole and thrusted back in, each time harder and faster than the last. His hand deftly moved from my hip to between my thighs. He pressed his fingers against my throbbing clit, flicking it gently with every thrust of his engorged cock.
