 Something clever

Sue awoke on the Monday morning following her overnighter with her new friend Mel dreading having to go to her job as a receptionist. She had thought about not showing up, but the people she worked with there had always been pleasant to her. She and Mel took a shower together, ate some breakfast and then Mel left telling Sue she would call her later. Sue went to her closet and grabbed one of her dull business suits and stared at it for several minutes thinking she really didn't want to wear this stuff ever again. Finally, she decided she wouldn't wear underwear as a token of her new sexuality.

She dressed quickly and headed to her office. When she arrived, there was a young woman sitting at her desk, which confused Sue for a moment and then she remembered that she hadn't set a definitive return date. She thought that maybe she could leave this job sooner than she had hoped. She walked into her boss's office who took one look at her new haircut and whistled. Her boss, Mrs. Van Alan, told Sue to take a seat. "So, are you alright Sue? You sounded pretty upset when we last talked."

Sue nodded and said, "I was very upset. The man I planned to marry abandoned me and took all of the money that I earned and left me with a huge credit card debt. During the past week, I have been making changes to my life and lifestyle in order to put that chapter of my life behind me forever. As you can see I've cut my hair, I'm going to get another apartment and the last change I need to do is get another job. I want to thank you for allowing me to work for you all of these years and I hope you understand."

Mrs. Van Alan smiled knowingly and replied, "I can understand your need to make a clean break with your past. This sort of thing has happened in the past, so I have already hired your replacement and we trained her last week while you were gone. You were a very valuable employee, did a great job and will be missed. We will deposit your check for wages and vacation time earned."

"Would it be possible to mail the check because I had to close that account. Thank you for being so understanding." The two women shook hands and then Sue left for her car. She sat in the parking lot and tried to think of what she wanted to do. She decided that she needed to buy some new clothes, especially casual things and maybe a gown or two. 

She hit several stores including the one that Margo had taken her to and bought all sorts of sexy things that enhanced her body and pumped up herself image. She now had on a light, nearly see through sundress that she had just bought and decided to see if Mel wanted to play hooky. She walked into the salon and Mel screamed "Who is that famous actress that just walked in here?" 

Sue laughed at Mel's joke and then asked, "I came by to see if you wanted to play hooky? I quit my other job, bought some clothes and was going to go see Margo and thought you might want to join me."

Mel hugged her friend and said, "You just saved my life! I have no appointments and was going stir crazy." Mel closed up shop and then Sue followed Mel to her place so she could drop her car off and change into something less salon like. Sue sat on Mel's bed while she stripped and talked. Mel said, "My salon is dying on the vine and I'm going to need to find something new soon. Do you think your friend Margo would be interested in me? I've been thinking a lot about your job and it really appeals to me. I really, really like having sex and I think I could put up with the occasional kinky night like you had on Saturday. Also, I recently discovered that I love sex with women!"

Sue laughed and pulled her naked friend on top of her on the bed and started kissing her. The two women kissed and giggled until Sue said, "I'm pretty sure that Margo could use you. Put on something sexy and we will go over there. No underwear! Ooh, wait! I just bought the perfect top for you! Let me go get it!" Sue dashed out to her car and brought back a black sheer blouse that was totally see through. "Put this on! And the shortest shorts that you own." When Mel had dressed, Sue looked at her and said, "Come here, we need to expose that marvelous tummy of yours." Mel stood in front of her friend as Sue unbuttoned the blouse, pulled the tails together and tied them into a knot just below her boobs. "Oh yeah! That looks great. There won't be a soft cock in the city!"

Before they left, Sue texted Margo informing her that they were coming. While they were driving, Sue's phone rang, so Mel answered it, put it on speaker and set it on the dashboard. Margo said, "Hi Sue, come on over. Just one question...who is we?"

Sue laughed and said "My friend Mel and myself. I quit my other job and her salon was dead today, so I went shopping, bought some clothes and thought we could take those pictures you wanted. Did you like the pictures I sent you last night?"

Margo laughed and said, "I love the pictures and I really love the new haircut. I'll see you when you get here." Mel turned Sue's phone off as they continued driving. When Sue pulled into Margo's place, Mel let out a low whistle and said, "What a place!"

"Wait until you see what's inside," Sue replied.

As they walked up to the door, Margo opened it and gave Sue a hug and kiss and then Sue said, "Margo, this is my friend Mel. Mel cut my hair yesterday and we became friends very quickly. I think you will like her as well."

Margo laughed and said, "You work in a salon open on a Sunday?"

Mel laughed and said, "I own a salon open on Sunday. I have to be open on Sunday in order to get enough business to stay open at all."

Margo smiled and asked, "Are you open to a new career? I just lost 3 girls this morning. They decided they wanted to get married! All three of them at the same time to separate men."

Mel grinned and said, "Well, yeah. I would be very interested. Sue told me what she does and I think I would like to do that as well."

"I have to say I like the way you dress. I love your boobs! Why don't you guys come in and have a seat." Sue and Mel were ushered into the living room and sat down. "So, I need to ask you some questions first. How many sexual partners have you had?"

Mel thought for a second and then said, "Five. Unless you count last night, then 6. Sue and I, kind of, hooked up last night."

Margo smiled as her eyebrows went up. "Okay, I see. How did you like sex with a woman?"

"I love it. She is wonderful."

"She is, isn't she," Margo said. "So, we can check off women. Are you familiar with the various sex positions?"

"If you mean missionary, doggy, cowgirl and so on, yes."

"Have you had anal sex?"

"I have not, but I am curious. Sue licked my anus last night and I loved that."

"Would you have any objections to being bound, whipped, pissed on, spanked, fisted, double penetrated or any other non-standard sexual action?"

"I think I could handle those things."

Margo smiled and said, "Okay, I'm going to make a call and then we will get down to business."

During the course of the morning and afternoon, a nurse stopped by and drew blood from both of Sue and Mel to check for STD's. They did some make-up and then took some pictures. Mel used one of the new dresses Sue had purchased, during the photo shoot and then they did some nudes. Margo looked at the two and said, "I want to get some pictures of the two you together. Why don't you embrace and kiss for me?"

When they had finished with the pictures, Margo decided they needed to eat. She went into the kitchen and whipped up three salads and then they went out to eat on a deck overlooking the ocean. When they had finished, Margo looked at Sue and said, "There has been a change of plan for Friday. Max, your original date is bringing a friend of his. His friend is another former football player and has been very successful in the business world. Actually, both of them are better off than Wade is financially. I was going to send you with one of the girls who just quit on me and then I was going to send you alone. Now, however, as long as Mel tests clean, I think the two of you should go together. Do you think you could do that? You would each make between $3,000 and $5,000 for the date plus whatever tips they give you. Also, both of the men are black, so I hope you don't have a problem with that."

Sue and Mel looked each other and then Sue said, "I have no problems with any of that. I've never been with a black guy, so I look forward to it." Mel had no problem either. 

At around 3pm, Sue and Mel decided it was time to go. Mel hugged Margo and thanked her for the opportunity to work for her. Sue suggested that they go to her place and said, "We need to start working on your asshole so anal sex won't be a total disaster. But first we need to get you an enema kit of your own. The two women stopped at a drugstore and bought a hot water bottle and, decided while they were there to buy several tubes of lubricant. The young man at the checkout eyed their purchases knowingly and smirked at the two women. Sue didn't like his attitude and said, "So, what do you think of our purchases? I bet you know all about this stuff when you get your ass reamed by your boyfriend!"

The clerk stuttered, "I-I-I'm n-n-not g-g-g-gay!"

"Are you sure," Sue asked? "My girlfriend has the most awesome set of tits on display and you look with desire at our ass lube? You have all of the signs of a latent homosexual! But, I want you to know that we support your choice."

While Sue talked, Mel was shaking her breasts in a very seductive manner. The clerk just stared until Sue said, "Come on. Check us out we're in a hurry!"

The guy was so flustered he kept dropping the tubes of lube. Mel laughed and said, "Apparently, this stuff works, because he can't hold on to it!

Finally, Sue was able to pay and the very red faced clerk handed them their bag with their purchases. As they were stepping away from the checkout stand, Sue pulled Mel into a passionate kiss and fondled one of her breasts then said, "Give our love to your boyfriend!" The two laughed all the way to Sue's place. When they got there, Sue asked, "Are you ready for your first anal lesson?"

Mel nodded and Sue lead her into the bathroom and showed her how to give herself an enema to clean out her bowel. "You'll want to do this any time before you have anal sex in order to cleanse yourself of any fecal matter. You, also, need to do this before any date, just in case."

Once they had cleaned out Mel, the two women got into the shower and scrubbed their bodies between make out sessions. When they had finished, Sue lead Mel to her bed and had Mel lay on her back. The two made out in the middle of the bed for a while until Sue felt how wet Mel was. Sue crawled down Mel's body and began licking her pussy, drinking in Mel's dew before running her tongue on Mel's rosebud. Mel moaned and rolled her ass up as Sue licked and probed Mel's anus with her tongue. A little while later, Sue began lubing up Mel's anus and her middle finger then began pressing her digit slowly into Mel. Mel was groaning loudly, so Sue asked if she was okay. "Oh yes," responded Mel. "This feels really good!"

Sue worked in another finger a few minutes later as Mel kept telling her how good it was. Finally, Sue decided to introduce the small butt plug that she herself first used. Sue squirted more of the lube on Mel and then smeared a large amount onto the plug. Sue then said, "Margo told me this when we first met. She said, don't let fear dominate what you think will happen. Let go of the fear and enjoy what's happening. In other words, don't worry about anal hurting, just enjoy the pleasure you can have from it. Okay?" Mel nodded with a look of lust in her eyes. Sue smiled and then began to press the plug into Mel's anus. "I discovered that if you push back, like you are pooping, the plug and penis' slide in nice and easy."

Sue saw her friend bear down and, within a second, the plug slipped into Mel asshole. Sue smiled and said, "It's in! How does it feel?"

Mel laughed and said, "Much better than I expected."

Sue reached down and pulled the plug slightly bringing the widest part out spreading Mel's muscle and then she pushed it back in again. Mel groaned and began fingering her clit as Sue pulled the plug, yet again. Before long, Sue was fucking Mel's ass with the plug while Mel moaned and frigged her clit. Sue decided Mel needed something larger, so she reached over to her bedside table, grabbed the medium plug, lubed it up and then began fucking Mel's ass with that. 

Mel couldn't believe how great it felt as Sue fucked her ass with, first a small plug and then later a bigger one. She had taken Sue's advice to heart and rejected her fear and embraced the pleasure she felt. A few moments after Sue had introduced the larger plug, she shoved two fingers into Mel's steaming vagina and within seconds, Mel had a monster orgasm. Mel was crying out in pleasure as she spewed copious amounts of her girl cum and, afterwards, grabbed Sue's arm and pulled her up her body and into a passionate kiss. Both women were in the throes of passion as they sucked each other's tongues and caressed each other's breasts.

When they broke their kiss, and looked into the other's eyes, Mel said, "Sue I hope you don't mind, but I'm hopelessly in love with you."

Sue smiled beatifically and responded, "I don't mind because I'm head over heels in love with you!"

Mel smiled at her lover and pulled her in for another kiss which she hoped expressed the depths of her love for Sue. Sue, for her part, felt that love and was as happy as she had ever been. The two lovers held each other and fell asleep in each other's arms. 

The rest of the week was spent in a whirlwind of love, closing down Mel's salon, moving the salon furniture and stuff to a storage facility and prepping Mel's ass with the large plug for her first date on Friday. Margo had texted that they were to meet Max and Jamar at the Excelsior Hotel bar, the same one Sue met Bill in, at 7:30 pm Friday evening. She told the two to dress in elegant but sexy cocktail dresses. Sue and Mel decided to wear the white and red dresses that Margo had purchased for Sue. They cleaned themselves inside and out, packed a change of clothes in their purses along with toothbrushes and lube, got dressed and headed out.

Sue and Mel walked into the dimly lit bar and stood in the doorway until their eyes adjusted. Sue laughed to herself as this was the third time out of three that she had to do this. Once they could see, they both strolled into the bar as every male eye in the place checked them out. A couple of seconds later, two towering black men walked up to them. The bigger of the two asked, "Sue?"

Sue smiled and said, "Yeah. Max?"

Max grinned and said, "Yes, I'm Max Starr and this is my friend Jamar Jones." Both men put out their hands to shake as Sue introduced herself and Mel. Max's hand dwarfed Sue's as did Jamar's. They motioned the 2 women to a table and asked what they would like to drink. Sue asked for a Cosmopolitan while Mel ordered a Gin and Tonic. The foursome sat and talked getting to know each other as they sipped their drinks. 

Max and Jamar had been teammates in college and as professional football players and had established a great friendship. Both had fairly long careers until injuries sidelined them and they were forced to retire. Max had been a Rhode Scholar in college and had earned a degree in marketing and finance and had invested his salary from his playing days very well and had created several businesses. Jamar had learned from Max and emulated his investment strategy and was doing very well for himself as well.

When their drinks had been finished, Max asked if they were hungry. Mel laughed and said, "I'm starving" 

Jamar said, "That's good we have a reservation at the 'Tower' in 20 minutes."

As the foursome left the bar, Sue asked, "Are you guys staying in this hotel?" When they both nodded, Sue resumed, "Would you mind asking the concierge to take our bags to your room?" Max did as he was asked and then took Sue's hand while Jamar took Mel's hand as they walked 2 blocks to the restaurant. The restaurant was on the uppermost floor of the tallest building in the city and rotated slowly for a 360-degree view of the skyline and the coast. It was the premier restaurant in town and boasted 2 Michelin stars.

As the foursome dined and talked, Sue decided she really liked these guys. They were perfect gentlemen and doted on her and Mel's needs all evening. When they had finished dining, Max asked if they would like to go dancing or have another drink. Sue looked at Mel and asked, "Could we go to your room and have a glass of champagne?"

Max and Jamar looked at each other, smiled and then Max said, "That would be great!" They strolled back to the hotel slowly while talking and laughing. When they arrived, Max asked the concierge to send 2 bottles of their best champagne to his room. When they got to the room, Sue realized it was the same penthouse room that Bill had had. Sue and Mel kicked off their shoes while Max and Jamar took off their jackets and hung them up. There was a knock on the door as a valet brought two ice buckets with 2 bottles of champagne. Sue and Mel were standing by the floor to ceiling windows and when Sue noticed that the men were distracted she told Mel to drop her dress. In a second, both women were naked.

They went unnoticed for a minute as Max helped Jamar with the champagne. When they had four glasses of the wine ready, each man grabbed two and then moved to give a glass each to the women. Max was the first to notice that the women were nude and stopped and stared at their beautiful nakedness. When Jamar looked up, he broke out into a wide smile and stared as well. Finally, Sue said, "Mel and I are a little thirsty. Are you guys going to make us walk over there?" When both men nodded, Sue and Mel smiled and walked as sexily as they could, causing their breasts to sway. Both of them had very hard nipples and they were both getting very wet between their legs.

Sue had walked up to Max, took a glass of wine and then stood on her tiptoes for a kiss. As Max moved his head lower, Sue reached up and pulled him in for a long sensuous kiss. She could feel his erection as it pushed into her belly causing her to smile. Sue, also, noticed that Mel had followed her lead with Jamar and was kissing him. Sue pulled away from Max and sipped her wine and told Max, "This is really good. I've never had champagne before.

Max laughed and said, "You can have all the champagne you would like."

Sue then reached up with her free hand and began undoing the buttons on Max's shirt as she said, "Thank you, but I don't want to get too tipsy, I want to enjoy our evening together without forgetting any part of it. That would be a travesty!"

Max nodded and said, "That would be a real travesty. By the way, before I forget, I just wanted to tell you how much I like your haircut. I saw pictures of you with long hair and then Margo sent your new ones the other day. You look absolutely stunning!"

Sue smiled and said, "Thank you, you are very kind. I think you are really handsome as well." She had just managed to get Max's shirt off and her eyes went wide as she looked at his muscled torso. "I love your muscles, but I'm really looking forward to seeing only one muscle!" Sue gulped down her wine, set her glass down, got on her knees and began working on Max's pants. She had an idea that Max's penis was pretty large, but the reality was more than she dreamed possible. He seemed to be only half hard but it was a good 10" long and as big around as a deli salami.

Sue reached out and began stroking the behemoth between Max's legs and then leaned forward to lick it. Max moaned as his cock was getting harder and harder from Sue's attention. After a while Sue looked up at Max and said, "I'm going to suck you off and drink all of your cum because I really love the taste of cum. But, more importantly, I want you to cum now, so when you fuck me you'll last a long time and fuck me hard."
