 Harley Jenkins was my best friend in high school. We were both in the band and had most of our classes together. I would sleep over at his house and he would do the same at my place. Although our parents never met, I got along well with his parents and he got along well with my Mom. My dad had died when I was ten.

Harley dated Jenny May Long during the last part of our junior year and all of our senior year. Jenny May was a very pretty brunette and while she was not a beauty queen, she had nice large breasts that looked great on her slender frame. She was sheltered from the world by her parents and therefore was naïve when it came to sexual matters. We had the kind of friendship where she felt comfortable talking about things. When she did not understand the punch line of a joke, she would ask me to explain it later. Sometimes that was a difficult thing for a teenage boy to do.

Harley never seemed serious about Jenny May. He would make jokes about her that I didn't think were appropriate if they were seriously dating. One time he said that he would bet me twenty dollars that he could fuck her before I did. I wondered if he wanted me to try. How would he have felt if I had won the bet? But I didn't win. I didn't even try. 

One Sunday afternoon while they were on the outs, Jenny May called me and said, "I was wondering if you weren't busy if you would like to meet me so we could talk."

"Sure," I said. "Where do you want to meet?"

"I've got my dad's car and can pick you up," she said. "Why don't you walk down to the corner by that church and I'll pick you up there in about twenty minutes."

I told my mother that I was going out for awhile and would not be late. She trusted me and didn't even ask where I was going. I was at the church in fifteen minutes and Jenny May was there when I arrived. As I got into the car I asked, "So, what's so important that it couldn't wait until a school day?"

She didn't answer right away. She pulled away from the church and headed out toward where she lived in the country. Her parents had a farm and she approached it from the back. She stopped and opened a gate and drove down a dirt road between two cornfields. She said, "No one will be out here today and we'll be able to talk with being interrupted."

I was going to ask again what she wanted to talk about but she anticipated the question and replied, "I guess you know that Harley and I had a fight."

"Yeah," I said. "But I don't know why."

All he had said to me was that when they got close, she acted like a little girl. I guess I was supposed to figure it out from there. I knew from my conversations with Jenny May that she was not very experienced but I viewed that as a plus.

She continued, "He says that I don't know how to kiss and I guess that he's right. I've only kissed two boys and one of them was my cousin. I was wondering if you would teach me how to kiss. Will you?"

I didn't know exactly what she wanted me to do but the horny teenager in me wasn't going to miss a chance to hold and kiss this pretty girl with breasts to die for. I rationalized that I wouldn't be doing Harley wrong. In fact, I would be doing him a favor by letting his girlfriend get some kissing practice with me. I reached over and touched her shoulder and she tensed up. Her body was as rigid as a board.

"I'll be glad to try but you'll have to relax," I said. "Why don't you kiss me like you would kiss Harley?"

She puckered up and pressed her puckered lips against mine. Harley was right. She didn't know how to kiss. I also noticed that every muscle in her body was tensed.

I had a thought. If I touched her, it was going to cause her more tension so I thought I would let her touch me. "Jenny, will you do something for me?" I asked.

"If I can," was her answer.

"Will you massage my neck and back?" I asked.

"How is that going to teach me how to kiss?" she asked.

"It won't," I confessed. "But it will make my neck feel better."

I turned my back to her and she put her hands on my shoulders and start rubbing my shoulders and eventually moved in and massaged my neck. After about fifteen minutes or so, she was rubbing my back and we were talking normally.

"I don't know why I get so tense around boys," she said. "I don't normally get tense around you but when we were talking about kissing I did."

"Gosh, Jenny, how many dirty jokes have I explained to you? I asked. "You certainly don't have to be bashful around me. Are your hands getting tired? Would you like for me to massage your back and shoulders now?"

"Sure, if you don't mind." She replied as she turned her back to me and I started to break up the knots in her neck and upper back.

I massaged her neck and back and could feel her relaxing. Finally I slipped my hands around her waist and placed a little peck on the side of her neck. She leaned back onto my chest and turned her face toward mine. I placed my lips against her pucker.

"Instead of puckering, just touch your lips to mine very softly," I suggested and when she did, I realized that I had never noticed how full and luscious her lips were. Her lips were so kissable. This went on for a few minutes and my cock was becoming rock hard. I didn't want her to feel it so I turned her around and took her into my arms and kissed her softly. I opened my lips and traced my tongue around her lips. I gently pressed my tongue into her mouth and very slowly she opened her mouth to receive me. Our tongues danced and my spirit soared. We continued to kiss and hold each other. I stroked her back and neck. I slid my hand to her cheek as we kissed. My hand traveled from her cheek to her neck and to her breast. I was surprised that she did not at least offer some attempt at objecting. I tweaked her nipple and it immediately became hard and stuck out like a pencil eraser. She moaned into my mouth and I realized that if I did not stop that I was only a few moments away from not being able to stop.

I pulled back and Jenny May's eyes opened. She had a look of pure lust in her eyes. She took my head in her hands and pulled me to her and kissed me passionately. Again, I pulled back and said, "I have to quit now."

She looked down at her right breast. My hand was resting on her breast with my thumb and index finger busily stroking her nipple. I immediately quit and pulled my hand back. Our breath was coming in gasps and my cock was as hard as it had ever been in my young life. Her eyes moved to my crotch and saw the tenting of my pants.

She nodded toward my penis and asked, "Did you get that way because you want to have sex with me?"

I was embarrassed but squeaked, "Yeah, I guess so."

"We can't do that," she said.

"I know," I said. "Oh God! I know. Let's just sit here and talk without touching for a few minutes."

"I didn't know that kissing could make a person feel so good," she stated. "I was so lost in our kissing that I didn't know that you were doing that with my breast. If I had known, I would have stopped you, I think."

"I'm sorry," I said and genuinely meant it. "I got carried away and I should never have touched you there."

"I know you are right," she said. ""But if you had not done it, I wouldn't have known how good it feels. I guess that's the reason we're supposed to wait until we're married. Otherwise, we would want to do it all the time."

"It sure felt good to me," I said.

"I was wondering," Jenny said. "If maybe sometime you might let me see your, you know, your thing. I've never seen one except for baby boys, of course."

"I don't know," I said. "I guess so. I guess it would be O. K."

"It's getting late today and I want us to kiss some more before we go. But maybe one day soon."

We leaned toward each other and our lips met in a tender kiss. Our lips parted and our arms surrounded each other. In a short time, we were seriously and passionately kissing. My cock was swollen and struggling to be free. I took Jenny May's left hand and placed it in my lap on top of my pants covered cock. Her fingers closed around my penis and she squeezed it gently. I slipped my hand down the top of her blouse and under her bra. I was touching her bare breast with my fingers. I was in heaven.

Here we were. Two eighteen year olds in her daddy's car in the middle of a cornfield, taking our sexual experience to a higher level. We were panting and moaning and I was about to cum in her hand when we suddenly stopped. We were startled by a gust of wind blowing the corn causing the stalks to brush the side of the car. We sat there looking at each other, breathing hard. Finally, we laughed nervously and disengaged.

Jenny slid back under the steering wheel and put both hands on the wheel resting her forehead on her hands. "Whew," she sighed. "I'm confused. I don't know if I'm dating the right guy. I've never felt this way before."

Keeping her hands on the wheel, she leaned back and then turned her face toward me. I noticed that her face was flushed. "My heart is really beating fast and inside I'm all mixed up," she said. "How do you feel?"

"I feel like taking our clothes off and holding, kissing, and loving each other," I said.

"I'll take you home," she said.

"Don't be mad at me," I almost begged.

"Oh, I'm not mad," she said. "I'm taking you home because I feel the same way and don't want to get pregnant."

That was the last time that I saw Jenny May alone. She and Harley made up and I guessed that all was well between them. Even though we attended the same school and had classes together, we never seemed to have time to talk. I had the feeling that she was trying to avoid me. Several times, I thought about calling her, especially on Sunday afternoons but decided to leave well enough alone.

During our senior year, Harley and I did not spend as much time together. We were still friends and saw each other at band practice and sporting events but he spent his free time with Jenny and I had started dating a girl from my church that went to a different school. I took Sarah to the Senior Prom and, of course, Jenny May went with Harley. Jenny was a knock out in her off-the-shoulder lime green gown. During the evening, Sarah and I danced almost every dance. Harley doesn't dance so he and Jenny sat them out. Sarah pointed out that no one would ask Jenny to dance since she was with her boyfriend.

When we were back at the table, Sarah said, "Jenny if its all right with Harley and if you want to, I'll loan you my date for one dance if you will promise to bring him back."

Sarah and Jenny looked at Harley and he said, "That a good idea. Everybody should dance at their senior prom." That was funny because he was not and would not dance.

We danced at a proper distance from each other and had a minimum of conversation. It was mostly polite how-have-you-been-doing-fine dawdle. By the end of the dance, we were on the far side of the dance floor from the table where Harley and Sarah were sitting. Jenny moved closer to me, close enough for her breasts to press against my chest. She kissed me half on the mouth and said, "I know I haven't seen much of you lately but I want you to know that I will never forget the cornfield."

After graduation, I went away to college and grad school. I heard that Harley and Jenny were married but did not receive an invitation. I felt slighted until I found out that they had a private ceremony with only the immediate family. On the various times that I went home, either they or I were too busy to get together. I graduated from college and went on to make a life for myself.

When I was twenty-five years old, I went back home to visit my family. While there, I decided to look up Harley and Jenny. I found their name in the phone book and called. Jenny answered and sounded delighted to hear from me. I was excited to hear the excitement in her voice. We made a date for the three of us to get together for a cook out on the next Saturday but she asked me to stop by that evening if I could even though Harley was at work until midnight.

I arrived at seven-thirty and we went into the living room. Jenny offered me a seat on the sofa and sat next to me on my left. Our conversation consisted of catching up on what had been happening in the six years since we had spent time together. Without thinking about the consequences, I asked, "So, how are things with you and Harley?"

"Oh, I suppose everything is O. K.," she said. "I guess all married couples have their problems."

"I suppose so," I said. 

Before I could say anything else, Jenny continued, "I don't want to dump on you but I don't have anyone else to talk to about this. If you don't want me to, I won't but can I please talk with you about something?"

"Of course," I said.

"It's just that Harley won't let me climax," she stated. "He says that decent women don't enjoy sex and if I start to climax he laughs at me. I know you will tell me the truth. Is there anything to that?"

She looked as if she was going to cry. "That's the most ridiculous thing that I have ever heard," I said. "Do you sometimes start to climax?"

"Yes and I would if he didn't stop me," she replied.

"Do you think that you are not decent?" I asked.

"I think I'm a decent woman," she said.

"Jenny, the human body is designed to enjoy sex in order to continue the species," I said. "The head of the penis on a man and the clitoris on a woman are there to allow us, men and women, to enjoy sex."

I could tell by the look on her face that I had lost her. I asked, "You have noticed that the head of Harley's penis is different from the rest of his penis, haven't you?"

"I have never seen his penis," she said. "He will only have sex at night so we only have sex on Saturday or Sunday night."

I couldn't believe that she had been married for almost seven years and had not seen her husband's penis. "One time you asked if I would show you my penis," I said. "Would you still like to see it?"

"Yes," she said. "Probably more now than then.

I unzipped my pants and took out my flaccid cock. I pulled the skin back to reveal the head of my uncircumcised penis. She reached out and touched it and it began to grow as it became hard. She pulled her hand back.

"Did I do that?" she asked.

"It's only a natural reaction when a beautiful woman touches a man's dick," I explained. 

"That means you want to have sex and we can't do that," she said

"It means that my body is getting ready in case we were going to have sex," I explained. "It doesn't mean that we have to have sex. If you want to have a good look, go ahead and don't be surprised if a little slick fluid appears on the head. That's for lubrication."

She slipped down onto her knees and moved in between my legs. She took my cock in her hand and studied it. Her expression was that of an inquisitive child as she turned and pulled on my cock. I had to do some mental gymnastics to keep in control. As she looked at it, I told her about how the head was sensitive and friction would cause a climax.

"You have a smaller version of a penis yourself," I said. "Would you like to explore it?"

"O.K.," she said timidly. "But put your thing up first."

I complied with her wishes and asked her to sit back on the sofa. I lifted the hem of her long full skirt up exposing her beautiful legs. I hooked my fingers in the waistband of her panties and she lifted her hips to allow me to slide them off. I touched her pussy lips and found that she was very wet.

"You produce lubrication also," I said as I rubbed her hand across the wetness of her pussy. "See?"

"I don't think I normally do that because it kind of hurts when he first puts it in," she said indicating to me that he didn't know anything about foreplay either.

I spread her pussy lips and saw one of the largest clits that I had ever seen. I knew that I had to kiss it but I would have to go slowly to keep from scaring her off. I sat on the sofa next to Jenny and I said, "I'm going to kiss you."

Our lips came together in an open-mouthed kiss and our tongues intertwined. I slid my hand up her thigh and caressed her wet pussy. I slipped two fingers into her tight love canal and allowed my thumb to rub lightly over her clit.

"I'm in the cornfield again," she said into my mouth and continued kissing.

I timed my finger fucking with my clit rubbing until I noticed that Jenny started to climax. I fell in between her legs and attacked her clit with my tongue. I continued sliding my fingers in and out of her pussy as I licked and nibbled her clitoris. I had seen women lost in sexual bliss before but Jenny was beside herself. She was mumbling incoherently and shaking all over. Her thighs were clamped on my head like a vise. I eased off from my kissing her clit and she started coming back to reality. Her thighs loosened and I was able to breathe normally.

"That was it," she said. "That's what I've been missing."

Jenny got up and leaned over me. She kissed me deeply and started loosening my belt. She lowered my pants and shorts and my hard cock jumped up. I started to speak and she put her finger to my lips and said, "Shhhh."

She straddled me and placed my cock at the entrance of her pussy. She sat down slowly onto my shaft and buried it deep in her velvet tunnel. When she had me all the way inside she rocked back and forth and the sensations were almost more than I could stand. I unbuttoned her blouse and was happy to find a front clasp on her bra. I unsnapped her bra and as it fell away from her breasts, I placed my hands over her beautifully full breasts and flicked her nipples with my thumbs. Her nipples hardened to the size of pencil erasers. I pulled her forward and took a nipple into my mouth. I sucked, licked, and lightly bit her nip. She began moaning out loud as another climax wracked her body. She came down hard on my dick as the muscles in her vaginal walls milked my cock. While she was lost in the rapture of her orgasm, my cock exploded and pumped what seemed like gallons of cum deep into the recesses of her delicious pussy.

She sat on me until I softened. Just before I fell out, she said, "God, I can't believe how absolutely wonderful sex is when I am allowed to fully enjoy it. I cannot thank you enough for what you have given me. But now, you have to go before Harley gets home. I've got to get your smell off of me and get to bed so I can pretend to be asleep when he gets here. I'll call you tomorrow."

I drove back to my mother's house wishing that I had behaved differently back in the cornfield. Instead of doing what I thought was the gentlemanly thing, if I had pushed the envelope, my life would have been different. I could have been enjoying for years what I so dearly enjoyed tonight. Oh well, we all make choices.