 "Hey! What are you doing here? I thought you had a date tonight," Sam asked me, sitting next to me on the couch.

"Well, I did have a date, but it didn't work out."

"What happened?" he asked, brushing one of his slender hands through his hair.

"Let's see...we got to the restaurant, where he accidentally let it slip out that I was basically just a revenge date, and that he was hoping to run into his ex, because he just happened to know she was eating dinner there too. I excused myself to the bathroom, called a cab, and here I am," I smiled at him. "What about you? Weren't you supposed to be out also?"

"Yeah, well, she stood me up. Never showed up after I waited for like, an hour. I decided she was never coming, so I left."

"Sounds like you had it worse off than I did."

"Haha. Very funny," his eyes drifted to the television. "What are you watching?"

"Nothing really. Just bored," I replied. I shifted my body on the sofa so that I face him, by black miniskirt riding up just a little. His eyes flickered to it for just a moment. I smiled at him, knowing he had a crush on me. 

"Yeah, me too. Want to go get a bite to eat or something?"

"No...I'd rather stay in," I said, taking his jacket off. I nestled into his shoulder and he put his arm around me.

"What's this all about?" he asked as thunder roared outside.

"You know I hate the rain. You make me feel safe. That's all."

"Okay," he replied.

I could feel his heartbeat increase as he noticed how close his hand was to the swell of my breasts. His eyes drifted down to the first two buttons of my shirt that just happened to be unbuttoned to show quite a bit of cleavage. He stirred a little, shifting in the couch.

"You know, you look amazing in that outfit. Bet whoever that loser was who asked you out is kicking himself right now," he said, awkwardly. Sam never was good at complimenting a girl. He always blushed. It was so adorable. 

"Thanks," I answered, turning my face up to meet his. "It's a shame I wasted it on that asshole."

"You didn't waste it."

"What do you mean?"

"I'm here."

I smiled at him, knowing that he wanted to kiss me but was too afraid. Giving in to my own desires, I leaned in and gently touched my lips to his. I lingered there for only a moment before pulling away.

Our eyes met, before his drifted to my lips. He kissed me, running his right hand through my hair. It was like heaven! It had been so long since I had been kissed my lips melted into his. His tongue gently flicked against my lips, begging to be let in. I opened my mouth and our tongues met, sending shivers down my spine. I could feel myself becoming wet. I knew I was going to have him tonight.

His kiss became more forceful as he pressed my face into his. He tasted so sweet! As his right hand held my head to his, his left drifted down, first caressing my neck, then slowly drifted down to my breast. He lingered there, his hand covering it, massaging it gently. He parted his lips from mine, and moving my hair back, he gently kissed my neck while still massaging my breast. His tongue danced across my neck as he sucked.

I couldn't stand it any longer. I had to feel him on me. Expertly, I lifted my leg and straddled him on the couch. I could feel the hardness between his legs, pressing against my throbbing wetness. Pulling his shirt off, I rubbed my hands all across his hairless, well-toned chest, as he licked my lips. 

His fingers found the buttons of my shirt and quickly had them undone. He gently slid my shirt off, exposing my black bra underneath. As he kissed my neck again, each of his hands slid across my chest before drifting to my back to undo the clasp. His kisses drifted to my shoulder as he gently tugged my bra off and dropped it on the ground. 

His hands wandered down my back, only stopping to grab my ass, lifting me up from him. His mouth found my breast. First, he only kissed the top of it. Then his tongue began making magic, until finally his mouth closed over my already-hard nipple. He sucked at it greedily, gently biting it. I shivered in ecstasy, knowing he could give me exactly what I wanted. 

As he sucked at my nipple, I reached down and felt his hardness with my hands, making him grind up against them. I unbuttoned his jeans, reached inside his boxers and pulled out his organ, rubbing my hands up and down the shaft. He began to moan with pleasure, his hips rising up and down with the motion of my hands.

One of his hands drifted from my ass and found my throbbing wetness. His touch was gentle at first, feeling me through my lace panties. Then, he moved them aside, touching my clit. A gasp escaped from my lips as he entered a finger inside me, then two. His fingers worked up and down as he pulled away from my breast. He looked up at me, his eyes full of passion and love.

I moved away from him, sliding down onto the floor in front of him. Knowing exactly what I was about to do, he put his hand behind my head, guiding me to his throbbing member. I kissed the head first, teasing him. I licked his full length, circling my tongue around his girth. It was too much for him. He forced my mouth onto him, moaning in pleasure. I began to suck him, harder and harder as he pleaded for me too. My tongued found his head each time he moved my head up and down. His member began to quiver, and I knew he was close to orgasm. I pulled away from him, not wanting him to release just yet.

"I want you. Now," I said, lying down on the floor.

Without a moment of hesitation, Sam was up from the couch, pulling down his jeans and his boxers. I stared in wonder at his fully erect organ hovering over me. 

He knelt down beside me, kissing me hard as he slid my skirt and panties off. As if in pure defiance, he let his kisses drift to my neck, chest, then down to my stomach, and finally to my wetness. He nibbled at my clit, pulling at it. He spread my legs as his tongue found my opening, darting in and out. I cried out in pleasure as he tasted me, my hips making humping motions in the air as if he was already fucking me.

"Please!" I begged. "I need you!"

With one last taste of me, he moved his body on top of me, his organ pressing against the inside of my thigh. "Is this what you want?" he whispered, grinding against me.

"Yes!" I cried out, grabbing his back and pulling him to me. I kissed him again as he spread my legs wider. With one hand, I found his organ and guided him inside me, shivering as I felt his penetration.

He pumped slowly, almost completely exiting me before pushing himself hard inside. My hips moved with him in his slow rhythm. Then, he began pumping harder and faster. My nails dug into his back as I held onto him, my body exploding into orgasm. I felt him quiver inside me as he drove into me one last time. I held him there, my body still reeling from my own climax as he came inside me, sending his cum shooting through my body. I moaned in ecstasy. I didn't want to let him go.

"I love you," he whispered into my ear, rolling off of me.

Feeling utterly spent, I kissed his cheek. "I love you too."

He wrapped his arms around me, one hand idly fondling my still aroused nipple. "Why didn't we ever do this before?"