 I hope you like this new storyline. I plan on making it a chapter story. Please let me know what you think.

~~~~~~~~~~************~~~~~~~~~~

"Sean, I need a new couch. Where am I going to find one that I can afford?" Maddie asks, her brother looking at her casually from the floor where the couch just deposited him, the springs giving out completely.

Laughingly, he responded "Just look in craigslist.com. There are always people selling things around here. You never know. You may just find a date while you look."

"Puh-lease!" she squealed, tossing a pillow at his head. "But, I might just find a couch for cheap." She turned around in her desk chair and typed in the search. 

Sean hopped up and watched over her shoulder. "Hmm...here's one...newer couch, microfiber overstuffed and comfortable. Never has had a bare ass on it. Dark blue. One hundred fifty dollars. Send me a note to user id @hotmail.com." He smirked. "This looks like a perfect couch for you. No naked asses."

Maddie sighed and turned around to glare at her brother. "Why do I care if a naked ass has been on the couch? I mean, yeah, eew, but who cares?"

"Well, at least you know that no one has gotten laid on it."

Maddie turned back to the screen and typed an email message to the owner, asking for a picture. Amazingly, she turned back to talk to her brother and her computer beeped. "New message? I'm not expecting...wow...It's from the seller already!" She moused over the message and clicked to open it. 

"Well, the picture looks like it's a great couch, sis. And look there! He is offering to cut twenty five dollars off if you pick it up tomorrow."

"Okay okay...I will get it. Can you and some of your friends pick it up for me? I will see if he can meet me somewhere for lunch to pick up the payment. You never know. He might be a weirdo or something."

"That's my sis."

Rolling her eyes, Maddie responded to the email, setting up a lunch appointment with him for the next day. Luckily, he was able to go to her favorite lunch spot, just down from where she worked. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Maddie was late as usual. A meeting kept her later than expected at work, but she got to the little café and Zach was still there, thankfully. She ordered, as the waitress practically stalked her to her seat, and introduced herself. 

"Hi Zach. It's nice to finally meet you." 

"And I, you, Madeline. Is everything ok? You look flustered." 

Sipping her water, she responded "You can call me Maddie. Most everyone does. I just use my full name in my email address. Everything is fine. I just got held up at work. Sorry I am so late. Thank you for waiting." 

"It's no problem at all. I work from home, so the boss can't complain. If I complained about myself, someone might lock me up," he laughed, gazing across the table. She was much different than he imagined. Her dark hair, sometimes a beautiful chocolate brown, but when the light hit, it danced with fiery highlights, was in a neat ponytail extending more than halfway down her petite back. She was a tiny thing, no more than five foot two, maybe, without the heels she was wearing. Dressed in the latest fashions, he would put her at about 28 years old if he didn't know better. He found out from a friend who knows her family that she was closer to 35. He couldn't think of any other word to describe her than beautiful. 

"Somedays I wish I worked from home. I would stay in my jammies and fuzzy slippers all day." 

She smiled and leaned back as their lunch came. "How do you motivate yourself to even get dressed?" 

"Who says I do? Today is a fluke. I couldn't come out to lunch in my boxers, could I?" he flashed her a smile before taking a bite out of his burger. Swallowing, he looked over and asked, "Would you like to see the couch? I would hate for you to buy it then not like it. The pictures don't do it justice and I only live about a block away." 

Picking at her salad, she looked across the table at him. He seemed normal. Nice looking with dark brown hair and the darkest brown eyes she had ever seen, he looked roguish and Spanish. She replied "Sure. My afternoon meeting was canceled, so I have some time before I need to be back from work. Thank you!" 

After lunch, he paid the bill with a wink to Maddie. "I'll add it to the price of the couch." 

"Gee, thanks. And here I though you were being chivalrous." 

"Me, chivalrous? Maddie, you have no idea," he said, a laugh lightening his voice. He would love to show her how chivalrous he could be with his hands caressing her fit-for-a-king body. "Down boy! You don't even know her!" he said to himself, willing his eyes to look anywhere but on her.

They walked the block to his apartment and he let her in. "It's in the living room. Let me go let my cat out of her room before she starts screaming. Take a look." 

"Thanks. What kind of cat do you have?" she asked absently, walking to the couch to look it over. 

"Just your run of the mill stray. She followed me in one day and won't leave. I wouldn't have it any other way," he yelled from the hallway. He walked back in the living room, cat at his heels, to see Maddie standing in front of the couch. He walked around in front of her, lifted her chin and kissed her slowly, his mouth firm on her soft lips, sliding his tongue alongside her own. 

She started, then relaxed, wondering what she was doing. She was in a stranger's apartment, being kissed and she was not even fighting back! 

He broke the kiss and leaned his forehead into hers. "I wanted to do that since you sat down at the table in the café," he said as he ran his hand over her cheek then down her arm. 

"It's...it's ok. You are a very good kisser", half a smile crossing her lips as she licked them. 

"Ok Zach," he thought to himself, "she liked the kissing. Let's see what else this vixen might like." He wrapped his arms around her waist, pulling her closer as he bent down to kiss her again. His lips touched hers and he released the passion he had been building since the first kiss. She responded by wrapping her arms around his shoulders, purring into him. Taking that as a sign she liked it, he wandered his hands under her shirt, barely touching her skin. She sighed, relaxing into him as she kissed him back, tugging at his hair.

"Maddie!" she chastised. "What are you doing? This is a man you just met. This is not how we do this!" her brain warred. "But he's here, and he's willing. Just this once. Satiate the need just this once." 

Releasing her lips, he looked into her eyes and realized they were the most amazing color of blue. She scratched at his neck and he leaned back only to have her kiss and bite at him. Pushing her back slightly, he looked into her eyes again. 

He saw his own need reflected back at him, and he tugged at her shirt. She obeyed his need, slipping it off easily as he worked at her skirt, pooling it on the floor. Standing there in a lacy bra and panties, the only other adornment being her shoes, he groaned and stepped back to her, taking her lips with abandon before lifting her and taking her into his room. He placed her lightly on her feet, never breaking the kiss, and slowly unfastened her bra. His hands slid around and cup her breasts, pinching her nipples lightly and she squealed at the sensation. 

"You are so beautiful, Maddie," he panted, gently laying her on the bed. She reached for him, but he stood back, shedding his own clothes as she watched hungrily. As he got down to the boxers he joked about earlier, she could not take her eyes off the bulge that had grown in them. Slowly he slid them down, revealing the most gorgeous cock she had ever seen. Harder than Italian marble, she thought, licking her lips. 

He stood like a superhero in a bad comedy, hands on his hips, cock bobbing precariously, as he drank her in with his eyes. She had a beautiful pussy, cleanly shaven, maybe waxed. He could see how wet she was with beads of her womanly juice on her thighs shimmering in the sunlight seeking his tongue. He couldn't stand the thought of it any longer and bent down on his knees, pulling her pussy to his tongue. She squealed, then opened her petals for him, allowing him full access. He inhaled deeply, memorizing her scent as he reached out with his tongue, slowly lapping her folds, sucking the moisture from her lips in gulps. She sighed, lifting her hips against his mouth, beckoning him deeper and he obliged. Tongue firm against her, he dove into her, moving within her as he reached his hands up to her breasts, squeezing them and pinching her nipples. 

"Oh! Zach...damn yes..." she moaned, grasping at the bedsheets. "I am so close!" 

One last lap and he kissed her pussy, licking at her thighs as he looked up her body. "We can't have that this early on, can we?" 

"Wha? What? Yes we can!" she panted, clearly disappointed that he was no longer tongue-fucking her. 

"My turn first," he sighed, holding his cock down for her lips. She smiled. He had no idea how much she liked sucking cock. She rolled over and crawled to him like a cat, licking at the pre-cum dripping from his head. Moaning she opened her mouth and swallowed him quickly. His pubic hair tickled her nose as her lips slid to his base, taking his entire length. She laughed around his cock, vibrations driving him wild, his eyes fluttering in ecstasy. 

"Mmmmmm" Maddie purred, as her tongue swirled around his hardness. She leaned back, licking the underside of his member as he slid out of her mouth. She raked her teeth across the top of his penis and stopped at the head. She just held the tip in her mouth and flicked at it with her tongue. She grabbed the rest of his saliva-covered hardness with her petit hand, almost not able to completely get her fingers around his girth, and stroked him as she sucked his head. 

Keeping her hold on him with her right hand and lips she took his right hand with her free left hand and turned him around so he could sit back on the bed. He sat down and fell backwards. His cock now jutting up at the ceiling encased inside her most intimate of kisses. She slowly rocked back and forth, rocking his member inside her mouth against her tongue. The slick pre-cum was an enticing flavor as her lips caressed his length up and down, trailing the underside with her tongue. 

He gasped as she took his hands and placed them on top of her head, urging him to set the pace. Consumed with lust but not wanting to hurt her, he started slow, feeling every motion of her tongue as it spiraled around his cock. Up, down... uuuuupppppp.....doooowwwnnnn. With increasing urgency he moved her head up and down steadily faster. He felt his balls begin to tighten as his load was about to blow. She felt his cock swell and abruptly stopped. 

"No!" Zach cried, "please..." 

Maddie smiled, "Now we're even." 

Groaning, he sat up and took her lips with his own, kissing her with a passion he did not know he had, his cock a flagpole between them. Maddie avoided touching is cock, afraid of setting him off too soon. She was liking this game between them, seeing how close they could take the other person. 

Breaking the kiss, he looked at her, need flaring in his eyes. "Please. Get on your hands and knees for me. Please. I need to be inside you."

Knowing his imminent explosion was past, she smiled and leaned down to lick him once more before granting his request. Positioning herself, ass in the air, she looked back at him. He was kneeling behind her, stroking his hard-on and staring at her. 

"Nice view?" she smiled.

"Oh my God yes! Your ass is positively fuckable."

"um, it is?"

"You've never tried it, have you?" he said, his head cocked to the side, stroking his length slowly.

"No," she blushed.

He slide up behind her and rubbed his cock along her wet slit, making sure to rub his head over her clit. "We can try it if you like," he whispered as he slid into her slowly, spreading her lower lips with his thumbs as he guided his cock into her tightness. "mmmm....Maddie you feel so good!"

Beneath him, she groaned, angling herself to accept his massive member. He kept sliding in slowly then pulling back out before pushing deeper. When he was finally able to spread her enough to accept his full length, he pushed in as deeply as he could, pausing to savor the feel of her pussy around him. She shuddered as her pussy contracted, unused to being so filled.

He was a gentle lover. He could tell that it had been a while since she had been with a man. Toys? Maybe. She seemed like she could be wild. How could he get this woman to be wild with him for a while? 

"Oh Zach! Your cock is fantastic," she moaned from the bed.

He paused midstroke. Her words, her voice itself, was enough to send him over the edge. She wiggled her ass at him, coaxing him back to his ministrations.

Zach slowly began to pulse in and out, his hands on her hips for balance and control. Her knees bent as she thrust back against him, meeting him thrust for thrust. She stopped for a few seconds to let her ass cheeks grind against his pelvis, his penis throbbing inside her wet snatch.

Zach almost jumped out of his skin when he felt something grab his testicles. She had, without him paying attention, snaked her left hand down her stomach to grab him from between her legs. She gave his balls a little squeeze to get him going again. She released him and caressed where they were joined, his cock sliding into her, her fingers in between now dripping with her juice.

As he slid into and out of her heated folds, she slipped her middle finger inside herself underneath his cock. He grunted as he felt the intruder wriggling against his hard shaft, pressed tight against him by her contractions. She wrapped her thumb around his member to massage her clitoris with each thrust.

Holding herself up with one arm was getting hard as she felt the weight of their thrusting burn with each movement. She collapsed her right arm up and to the left, haloing her face as she leaned forward to rest her upper chest and cheek against the soft bed. He groaned as she massaged his penis with her own finger from within herself. He'd never felt anything like it.

He felt his orgasm building. Right as he was about to cum, he tried to pull out since he was not wearing a condom. He preferred it that way, skin to skin - nothing separating his cock from his woman's pussy. But he also didn't know if she was on the pill or not.

Maddie felt Zach begin to pull out and immediately removed her finger from her snatch and grabbed his balls, tightly enough to make him stop and gash, but not enough to hurt him.

"Don't you dare. I'm about to cum and I want your cum exploding inside me when I cum."

He almost blew his load when she said that, but he held himself. He'd never worked so hard to keep his orgasm in check.

"Are you sure?" he said.

She slowly released him and began to massage her clit again. "Mmmhhhmmm. Together..." she moaned as she gyrated against him, massaging his shaft with clenching muscles.

He smiled to himself and began thrusting again, his cock swelling within her. Leaning in, kissing at her neck as he whispered in her ear, "Tell me when you're ready. I can.." Just then, she let out a primal growl as her pussy contracted around him. He drove deep in her once more and his balls contracted as he coated her pussy walls with his thick white cum. Gob after gob of juice pumped from him. Maddie could feel it spray inside her and she screamed. 

Zach felt like she was going to squeeze his cock off, but he kept driving in her. Her moans were so damn sexy. He felt himself drained, her muscles milking every drop from him. She was finally not twitching anymore as he pulled his cock out slowly and leaned over her back.

"Maddie, that was amazing!"

She rolled over underneath him and smiled. "Guess I should call in to work sick. I am in no shape to go back looking like this," she commented as she waved her hand around her sweat-soaked hair. "No one would believe it was my short walk from work that did this."

She laughed and he thought it was a beautiful sound. Rolling off to the side, he watched her, reveling in her afterglow. Zach wondered if he could somehow get her to stay in his life. At least for a while.

"Um, so, do you like the couch?" he asked with a grin.

She laughed again, her eyes sparkling. "Yes, I like the couch. How attached are you to it?"

Quirking his head, he responded, "Well, not very much if I am going to sell it."

"Oh," she said, disappointment evident in her voice. "I thought you might like to come and visit it once in a while."

"Well then, I don't know if I can live without it. It means so much to me!" he said, happy to have a way into her life. He rolled into her and kissed the tip of her nose before looking into her eyes. He could live there forever. 

"What are you doing?" he chided himself. "You barely even know here and you are ready to think this is serious? She was an afternoon fuck!"

Suddenly, the sound of the Foo Fighters filled the room.

"Shit! That's my brother. I forgot to call him after lunch," Maddie said. "Can I tell him I'll take the couch?"

"If you like it, absolutely. As long as I keep visiting rights," he said, smiling wildly.

"Sean? Hi! Sorry I forgot to call. I got a bit tied up." She grinned at Zach, blushing slightly.

"Yes, I am going to take the couch. I went up and saw it. I really like it."

"No, he's not a weirdo. He was a perfect gentleman." Zach rolled his eyes at that. Gentleman. Right! He fucked her and himself silly.

She covered the phone and looked at Zach. "Can he pick it up tonight? Is that ok with you?"

He nodded and she relayed the information to her brother, telling him where the couch was. When he seemed to have all the information, she hung up.

"He'll be here around 7 or so with a friend."

He looked at the clock on her phone. "Well, it's only 2:15. Would you like to stay for a bit?" 

She grabbed her phone back from him and called in to work, making the appropriate excuses for food poisoning. Turning it off, she looked at him, a challenge on her face. He pulled her on top of him, sliding her over his instantly hard cock. Her eyes widened as she accepted him. Zach grabbed her hips and drove her down hard.

"Do you ever get enough?" she asked, looking down at him and smiling.

"If you'd give me the opportunity, I don't think I would ever get enough of you Maddie."