 Chapter 1

The pleasure begins to fill me like I have never felt before. I can't control my moaning and my body seems unable to stay in one spot. He is doing everything perfectly. I reach down and pull him up to my face, where I kiss him slipping my tongue inside of his mouth. I wrap my legs around his waist and I feel him for the first time inside of me. He is so large and it feels like he is completely filling me. I grab his back and pull him closer and our bodies are touching in every possible spot. He pulls out, flips me over in one motion and I am now on my hands and knees. He plunges himself back inside of me, our bodies slapping together with every thrust. He grabs my hair pulling me up to kiss me, his hands find my breasts and he caresses them and my entire body. His hand slides down my stomach to my slit, he spreads my lips and he begins rubbing my clit, making it hard for me to remain close to his body. His whole body shakes and I feel him cum inside of me, the feeling of his orgasm gets me so hot and my juices begin to flow. I begin to scream and moan...

And I turn over and I'm lying in the bed, all alone. It was one of the best dreams I have ever had. I climb out of my sheets to the edge of my bed, I look at the clock and it is only 7am. So much for sleeping in on my vacation. I stand up and my silk night gown flows softly over my hips and it gives me chills. I go to the window and open the curtains to look out upon the lake. My girlfriends told me about how great this cottage was, but it didn't seem all that special. 1 bedroom, 1 bath, a living room slash kitchen, and a large deck that leads out to the dock. The water looks deserted; mind you it's only 7am. Why can't I sleep? I look around the room, grab my robe and head to the bathroom. I might as well shower since it's not looking like I'm going to be falling back to sleep. 

The bathroom is pretty large for such a small place. The shower is probably the nicest one that I have ever seen. I could probably fit 2 other people in here with me. I slip off my night gown, and it falls to the floor, the full length mirror has a full view of me. I look at my self examining my body, and every single curve seems to be just perfect today. I turn on the shower and slip inside. The water is warm and I stand under the shower head. The water starts to flow over my entire body and I close my eyes. I begin to think about the dream I just had. I have never seen that man before. All of a sudden my whole body begins to tremble. I take my hands and run them over my breasts, and the water makes my skin feel so soft. I play with my nipples and they become hard. I shiver. I continue playing with my breasts with one hand and slowly slip my other hand down my body to my slit. I begin rubbing myself, slow at first, but I start to feel the wetness increasing. I take my middle finger and slowly push inside myself, and my whole body straightens up. I continue penetrating using my thumb to stimulate my clit at the same time. I lift my leg and put my foot on the soap holder, exposing myself more. I lean my body against the wall of the shower, rubbing my clit and using two fingers now to penetrate. The water is dripping down my body and I explode. I scream and moan and reach the best orgasm that I have ever had by myself. 

I turn off the shower and step out on to the cold hard floor. The air is cool and I get goose bumps all over my body and my nipples become hard again. I grab my robe and walk naked to my room to get dressed for the day. I look through my bags and pull out my black bikini; I throw on a large sweater over top to take the chill out of the air. Today will be a good day to tan I think to myself.

Chapter two

After breakfast and the morning newspaper I head out to the dock. I bring with me my favourite novel, a towel and some tanning oil. I figure since there seems to be nobody around I am going to be able to get back into reading. At the edge of the dock is a lounge chair with a large supple cushion on it, I place everything on the chair and decide to jump into the lake. There is nobody else around and I feel like being adventurous. I take off my sweater and untie the strings of my bikini from around my neck. The top falls on to the wood of the dock and I dive off the edge into the cool water. The water is cold and there is tiny fish swimming all around my bare chest, touching me so gently, like a feather circling my nipples. The cold water becomes too much for me and I climb up the ladder onto the dock. I take my towel and rub off any existing water from my breasts and thighs and sit on the edge of the lounge chair admiring the view. 

The sun is now high in the sky and I grab my tanning oil. I squeeze the bottle and then starting at the tip of my toes, I rub the warm oil up my calf, between my thighs, up my stomach, all over my breasts, and down my arms. My whole body is slippery now and the feeling of my finger tips running gently over my skin makes me quiver. I look around the lake to see if there is anybody watching me. There seems to be music playing down the lake but it must be about a dozen cottages down, I can't see anybody. The whole area is still deserted, seems a little odd, but at the same time exciting. I lay back on the lounge chair, feeling the gentle breeze enveloping my entire body. Each curve of my body feels like it is being caressed at the same time and I find my back slightly curving pushing my chest to the sky, a feeling of sexual promiscuity comes over me. 

I close my eyes and run my finger tips down my neck, and over my breasts. I begin massaging my chest, gently at first drawing circles around my nipples and down the center between them. I grab them firmly and squeeze them, letting out a little yelp of pain, but erogenous pain that I want to feel over and over again. I continue, every once in a while opening my eyes to make sure there is nobody coming. I begin to feel the wetness between my legs. I slide my hand down my stomach and over my bathing suit bottoms. I begin rubbing on top of my bathing suit feeling the wetness slowly seeping through. I slowly slip my fingers underneath my bottoms feeling my juices on my fingers now. I find my clit and begin rubbing, letting out gasps of air when I find that perfect spot. I slip off my bikini bottoms, and spread my legs, putting them over the arms of the lounge chair. I am completely open to the whole lake now, and it is a new sensation I have never felt before. I have never done anything like this but I can't stop it now. 

I reach down again between my aching legs and find my fingers slipping easily inside me. I push further in and curve my finger up and towards my belly button finding my g-spot. I stroke it gently feeling a more intense physical reaction. My whole body squirms on the chair. I bring my other hand up to my mouth and slowly suck on my finger circling it with my tongue, making it moist. Then I reach down to find my clit again, circling it, pulling on my throbbing lips, and my body beings to quiver all over as I reach the most intense orgasm of the day. I let out a huge scream, arching my back and feeling my juices gushing over my still penetrating fingers. I'm sure that the cottage down the way has heard me but I can't stop. I continue pushing my fingers inside of me and fondling my clit, I want to get every ounce of pleasure out of this one. My body squirms on the lounge chair, my back arches and I let out my final scream of passion. My arms fall by my side and I can feel the cushion under my ass is moist with my fresh sweet cum. I lay my head back close my eyes and listen to the sounds of the water. My entire body is weak and I can't even reach my bathing suit to put it back on. I let my body relax and before I know it, I'm asleep. 

Chapter 3

I wake up and slowly open my eyes. The sun is very bright now; I must have slept for about two hours or so. I rub my eyes, stretch my arms above my head and run my hands firmly down my neck and exposed chest. I jump up. I fell asleep naked, in public. I look around for my bathing suit and put it back on quickly. I sit on the lounge chair with my head in my hands wondering how many boats have driven by, and if anybody might have taken advantage of my exhausted body from my intense orgasm. That's silly, I think to myself. I would have definitely known if somebody had taken advantage of me. I laugh it off, who cares if anybody saw me. And then out of the corner of my eye I see a boat approaching the dock, my dock, on which I was just sleeping absolutely naked on for over two hours. My heart begins beating quickly in my chest. Please drive by, please drive by, I think to myself. I notice that there is only one person in the boat. Please don't stop here. The boat pulls up beside the dock, I try to look to see if I know who it is, but the sun is so bright I can only squint, and the only thing I can make out is that it is a man. 

I stand up, grabbing my towel and wrapping it around my waist. I head to where the man is tying the boat to the dock. He gets up and turns around to look at me. He is very well built. About my age, with stunning blue eyes and short dark flowing hair, it almost reminds me of one of those soap stars on T.V. He is wearing a pair of black swimming trunks but no top, exposing his firm and chiselled chest for all to see. His lips were mesmerising and I watch them intently while he steps towards me. He seems to be examining each inch of my body as well, his eyes start at mine and then slowly drift to my chest, then my hips and back up to my chest again. 

"Hello" I say.

"Hi" he says, his voice is deep and very sexy and my body trembles.

"Is there something that I can help you with?" I ask.

"Well, I noticed that the lights were on here last night, and I thought I'd stop by to see who is here. This place is rented out so much in the summer. I didn't suspect however that I would be this pleasantly surprised." He says. His eyes are still wondering and I can see his shorts starting to move a bit. 

I can feel the blood race to my face, I'm blushing. I don't blush. I look away and a tiny smile comes across my face. "What do you mean?" I ask, knowing full well what he meant by his comment. 

He takes his hand and puts it gently on my face and turns it back towards him. He is looking intently in my eyes. "Well, there have been many women that have rented this place, to get away from their everyday stresses. But I have never seen anyone that is as lovely as you, as sexy and tempting as you." He leans forward and kisses me gently on the cheek. I giggle like a little school girl but pull away quickly.

"I bet you say that to all the girls that rent this place, just so you can get in their pants." I say sarcastically. 

I turn away and walk back up to where I have left my lounge chair and my belongings. I look back over my shoulder and like I hoped he was following me checking out my ass as he did. I am such a flirt, I think to my self. I don't even know his name but I would follow him up to my bedroom and let him take advantage of me right now. 

I reach my chair, bend down to pick up my things and turn around. I find myself tightly in his firm arms. He puts his hand behind my head and pulls me in for a sweet kiss. I pull back quickly and look at him. "What kind of a woman do you think I am?" I ask. I drop my things and wrap my arms around his neck and kiss him passionately, slipping my tongue into his mouth and feeling him pushing back playfully. His hands begin to wander and he grabs my ass and pulls me closer to his body. He starts kissing my neck, and his warm breath gives me chills. I feel my entire body shake and my nipples begin poking through my bathing suit top. Our bodies are so close I can feel his large, hard erection pushing against my mound. 

"What am I doing?" I say suddenly and I pull away. I look at him and his erection is fully visible underneath his bathing suit. "I don't even know your name. I don't know anything about you." Where did this conscious come from I think to my self. Why am I stopping something that feels so good?

He steps towards me and I step back. "Please don't leave me so unsatisfied." He's begging. I can't believe his begging for me. I bite my lower lip and let out this huge sigh. 

"I'm not a whore and if you want to continue what we just started... I want to get to know you first." I say. 

He looks down at his throbbing erection and then back at me. "Tonight I'll pick you up at 8. Be ready for the best night of your life." He turns and walks back to his boat, unties the rope that was holding it to the dock, he steps inside and starts the engine. He looks at me, shakes his head playfully and drives away into the distance. I watch him leave until I can't make out his figure anymore. I can't believe what has just happened to me. My whole body shakes and I jump with excitement. I look at my watch and it's nearly 5pm. I quickly grab all my things and head back up to the cottage running. Tonight is going to be a night that I'll have to tell the girls about. I wonder if this is what they meant when they said this cottage was great.