 The jacaranda trees along the thin, gravel road cast eerie moonlight shadows as we drive up the driveway. Their bright purple flowers litter the road, and the headlights of the car bring them to life. A little cottage with two front coach lights comes into view, and the butterflies in my stomach take flight. I can see your beautiful silhouette to the right of me as you smile whilst driving the car.

"This must be it!" you say with a beaming smile.

"It must be!" I reply.

The car slows and comes to a stop with the tyres crunching on the circular, gravel driveway out the front of the little cottage. We step out of the car and the scent of white flowers hits our nostrils in the cool early night breeze. It is a beautiful place, so many flowers that shine in the moonlight. The blue stone cottage is set back about 10 metres from the driveway, which meanders through a lovely small front garden and lawn. The cottage looks like it is about 6 metres wide at the most, with a bright red door positioned in the centre. Either side of it are twin French doors, also painted red. A grey, bull nose verandah stretches along the front of the building.

We walk up the little cobblestone path to the bright red door. You put the key in the lock and open it. Through the door we can see the raging fire in one corner, a massive sheepskin rug on the floor, some glass lanterns containing pretty candles scattered around the room, a beautifully made comfortable bed on the other side of the room and a large spa bath.

"They have certainly gone to a lot of trouble to make things special for us." you say with that brilliant smile on your face.

All I can say is "Yes.". You still have the ability after all this time to make me so nervous when I think of what is to come. Times with you are always so special.

You shut the door behind us and put our overnight bag on the blanket box, at the end of the bed.

You walk toward me as I stand there nervously and give me the most passionate kiss you have ever given me. Your warm body pressing against me makes me feel weak as your tongue invades my mouth. My hands run through your hair pulling you even harder to my mouth. God, you are so damn sexy, I often wonder how anyone can be so sexy. We come up for air in a few minutes and I feel a little lightheaded and look around the room. The only light comes from the fire and the candles - very romantic.

"I might slip into something more comfortable, Cutie." I say.

"Good then I can slip into something even more comfortable, YOU!" you say with a mischievous grin.

Excitement stirs low in my belly. I can feel the wetness between my legs that your kisses always cause get even wetter at the thought of things to come.

I give you a single kiss on those handsome lips and go to the bag and pull my clothes out, plus a small package that is wrapped in white tissue paper with a white bow. 

"I bought you a little present today." I say, as I put it on the bed before stepping into the bathroom and shutting the door. In a couple of moments, I open the door again and turn out the bathroom light. You look at me like you could eat me.  I know that I could eat you.

You have changed into your present, a pair of black silk boxers that fit you perfectly. I can see from where I am standing that you are very happy to see me indeed.

I have on a black silk nightie that falls to mid thigh. It has thin straps and little light pink bows where the straps meet the bodice. It is trimmed with a light pink lace. I bought it especially for tonight. My nipples are erect from the coldness of the bathroom and are very pronounced under the sheer silk.

"You look good enough to eat, Kitten," you say as you stride the 3 steps across wooden floorboards to take me in your arms, "and that is exactly what I am going to do." you whisper in my ear. You put your arms around me and push me onto the bed. Lying next to me, propped up on your elbow, you look down at my smiling face. I return your gaze. I love looking into your eyes; they hold such love and warmth for me. 

You bend your head down and kiss me, as your hand runs up my thigh over the silk. "I like this nightie, very sexy." 

My hand runs over your boxers, over your thigh to your bottom and I say "These are very sexy too, so hot they may catch on fire with you in them.". 

Your hand then wanders underneath the nightie and up between my legs, lightly grazing my wet folds. Your breath catches in your throat. "No undies!" you breathe, as your fingers slide between my legs and directly into my hot wet hole. "You are always so wet for me. I love that. I don't know how you do it."

The anticipation of the day has been too much for us both and we mesh together. You roll on top of me, pinning me to the bed, as you ravish me with kisses on my lips, my face and down my chest to my left breast. My nipple is still hard and you lick it through the silk. 

"I love it when your nipples are erect." you breathe between sucks and kisses. 

You grab hold of the nightie and pull it upward, as I sit up to help you pull it over my head.

"It's a nice nightie but it’s in the way. I want to feel your skin against mine." you say as you stand and pull your boxers off. 

You crawl back onto the bed and, kneeling between my legs that are bent and wide apart, you look at my wet pussy. Pulling it apart with your fingers, you see it shining from the moisture reflecting in the candlelight. I am so ready for you. 

"Such a lovely pussy." you say with a serious look that becomes a big smile. I look at your penis so red, shiny and hard and can see a drop of pre cum on the end. You then lower yourself to kiss me, your legs positioned between mine, and you enter me as our lips meet in yet another kiss full of passion.

I moan at the wonderful feeling of your hot hard cock sliding into me. My legs come up either side of you and cross behind your back, pulling you harder into me. God I love making love with you. I always marvel how easily and well we fit together, as if we were made for each other.

Your cock slides in an out, forcefully. You are feeling very forceful today, and I can feel an energy building between us that will not take long to explode. We turn into wild animals, rocking against each other, me pushing up to meet your every thrust, as we combine with a slapping sound.

My hands run down your back to your bottom. It is such a sexy, handsome bottom and always feels so wonderful in my hands. My hands grip your cheeks, a little too firmly, and my fingernails dig into your flesh, as I greedily try to pull you even further inside me. 

"Fuck me harder." I whisper in your ear. 

Your thrusts get even harder and our bodies have a mind of their own, pushing together, pulling apart. The only sounds in the room are the slurping sound of you hard cock thrusting in and out of my drenched hole, our moans, and the slapping sounds of our bodies as they slam together.

I start to tense, and feel the delicious feeling in my lower belly starting. I grip your arse even harder and wantonly push myself up toward you, digging my fingernails hard into your skin 

"Oh, God I'm about to come! Harder!" I breathe into your mouth. 

You push in one more time and the words "Oh, Fuck!" escape your mouth, followed by moans. We both explode together, my hot wet cunt squeezing your cock so hard as you explode inside me. God I love the feeling of your juices squirting inside me, filling me up. 

Our bodies slow as we both come off our massive orgasm, and we start to get our breath back a little. Our eyes open and, as if in unison, we say "I think we both won." with a delighted smile on our faces. I look into your eyes and say "I love you Cutie." and you reply "Oh, I love you too Kitten."

We lay in each others arms in the afterglow of the love we have just shared, and slip off to sleep, happy and relaxed.

Until later when we awake......but that is another story.