 She sat in the waiting room quietly. Her back straight and her legs crossed primly, looking like the lady everyone thought she was. She looked elegant. Her light brown hair was pulled back tightly in a small bun making her deep blue eyes the showcase of her beautiful face. Her red silk blouse was unbuttoned enough just to show the hint of cleavage, but not enough to be considered a slut by the other women who watched her jealously. It fit almost tightly showing her perfect curves and ended at the waist of her almost-black blue skirt. She had drawn the attention of every man in the room who were trying desperately not to look her way but couldn't contain themselves.

"Kendall," a woman's voice called from the door that leads into the patient area.

Without responding, she grabbed her clutch purse and slowly walked to the door, swinging her hips to give the watching men the show they wanted. She silently followed the woman until she was led to the office suite of her new psychologist.

"Go ahead in. He's ready for you," the lady said smiling. Kendall returned the smile.

With one last look at herself in the mirror that hung in the hall, she checked her deep red lipstick, then opened and walked through the door. Catching sight of him, his head was down so all she saw was his broad shoulders and his head of hair. Dark brown, sprinkled with grey. He was writing notes in a folder and had yet to look up at her. She frowned inwardly at his inattention to her entrance but didn't show it on her face.

She came to a stop in front of his desk and said, "Well?"

Without looking up he pointed to a chair and said, "Have a seat, I'll be with you as soon as I finish this up. Won't be but a moment."

She took her seat in a soft and very comfortable leather chair. This time she chose to cross her legs at her ankles, careful not to scrape her red pumps together, knowing that from his view, he'd be able to see a little up her skirt, but not completely. Her clutch on the side of her lap, she placed her arms confidently on the armrests and began to inventory his office. Family picture with beautiful wife and child on the desk, family vacation pictures on various bookshelves, the token Picasso prints on the wall. And, yes, the common cliché of all psychologists, the couch. A long, dark brown leather chaise lounge rested in the corner behind her. Her imagination flared.

"Okay, um....Kendall. Mind if I call you Kendall? I try and keep things on an informal level. So, looking at your file, this is the first time you've been in counseling. Is that correct?" She nodded in agreement.

"Well, then, let's talk. Why are you here?" The question hung out in the air between them. Her pussy ignited, the heat rising quickly between her legs causing her to shift ever so slightly. He watched her, seeking to see a hidden meaning within her demeanor and reactions. His eyes matched hers in radiant color but were framed with laugh lines. A prominent nose and a strong chin gave him a chiseled look. Not gorgeous, but handsome enough, she knew that his lips would be on hers shortly.

"I'm a whore," Kendall responded matter-of-factly. He began scribbling for a second and then asked her to continue. "What else is there to say? I'm a whore."

He stopped writing. Looking up, his eyes paused on her exposed thighs just briefly before he brought them up to look in hers. He could see raw hunger in them; he didn't look away.

"I see," he said, pausing for effect. "So, then I assume that you have an expansive sexual appetite?" he ended it as a question waiting for her to answer.

"Yes, I love to be fucked if that's what you're trying to say. And when I'm not being fucked, I'm thinking about being fucked. Or I'm thinking about sucking cock, or having my pussy eaten. Sometimes I have to fuck myself in a public bathroom before I try to rape a man who may or may not have looked at me." She waited for his response, still holding his gaze, challenging him with her eyes. She could feel the wetness of her pussy and had a hard time not putting her hands between her legs. She was thinking of mounting his mouth right there.

"And what do you think brings on this obsession, Kendall?" he said as he leaned back in his chair. She could see a bulge in his pants; he was already getting excited.

"Cock. I can't get enough of it. It's my drug of choice. I always want a long, hard cock filling me. I want to suck on it, ride it, feel it pounding my pussy. I'm addicted to cock." Just saying the word cock over and over again had her ready to suck on his, to feel its tip in the back of her throat as she fondled his sac in her hands. She spread her legs apart slightly, hoping he could just barely see that she wasn't wearing any panties.

He mumbled something unintelligible as he scribbled a little more on his notepad. She looked at the bulge in his crotch again and noticed it had grown. She smiled as her pussy simmered in its own juices. His reaction to her words was now evident and the thought of climbing on his shaft was wreaking havoc in her mind.

"Kendall, it sounds to me like you're a woman in her sexual prime. You're...let's see...thirty-six years old, you're obviously very attractive and I'm sure that men notice you wherever you go. Nothing abnormal about any of that. Plenty of women love sex with the same ardor. I'm not sure that you have a problem we need to discuss."

She smiled her devious smile and her eyes lit as she said, "Oh, Dr. Klein, I'm not here to discuss any problems."

His eyebrows rose. The blue of his eyes sparkling in challenge. "Then, Kendall," he paused,"what are you here for?"

She spread her legs even more while pulling the hem of her skirt up her thighs until her smoothly shaved pussy was fully exposed. "I want to fuck on your couch," she said as she began to run a finger through her slit, spreading her essence around getting her lips completely wet. Her labia were full, protruding, and tantalizing.

He watched her, his prick completely stiff in his pants. She was sex unleashed as she dared him with her eyes to ravish her with animal-like abandon. He looked at his watch. Already fifteen minutes of their hour had passed as he quickly did the calculation in his head.

Then he leaned forward and said, "How do you taste?"

She giggled exquisitely as she stuck two fingers inside of her sex, reaching deeply, while watching his eyes watch her. She then stuck her two wet fingers in her mouth and moaned as the salty sweetness hit her tongue. She loved the taste of herself. She knew he'd love the taste of her too.

"Good, very fucking good," she breathed. "Care to taste?"

Instantly he stood and strode around to her chair. Dropping quickly to his knees he plunged his face into her cunt hungrily. She lifted her legs and rested them on his shoulders as he licked her pussy from top to bottom in long strides, savoring the tanginess of her juices. She put a hand inside of her shirt and under her bra, pinching her left nipple between her thumb and forefinger gently, bringing it to life. Her pussy ached at being filled, but she didn't want things to end too quickly. Using only his mouth, he probed and prodded her sex with his tongue. Touching, tasting, teasing. He'd suck one lip in hard, rolling his tongue over it, and would then release and do the same to the other.

She rested her head against the back of the chair as he worked his tongue in and out and all around her. She could feel his chin sliding over her skin because she was so wet. She scooted her ass down a bit, pushing her pussy into his face, leaving her ass just hanging onto the edge of the seat. From underneath, he stuck a finger inside of her, sliding it in and out as his mouth worked her with the same rhythm. She cooed under her breath at his touch. Hearing her pleasure, he stuck another finger inside to join the first. Her legs tightened, squeezing against the side of his face as her hips began to move. She couldn't believe how wet she had become.

Using his hands he pried her legs from his shoulders and then swept one arm under her legs and one behind her back and lifted her off the chair easily. He easily walked over to the couch, his throbbing tool pressing hard against his zipper. Laying her down so that she was half sitting up against the back of the couch. He pulled her skirt up to her waist.

"Unbutton your shirt," he commanded as he unzipped his trousers. She did as he said, her breath coming in gasps of anticipation. Finished with the buttons, she then undid the front clasp of her bra, her breasts flexing at the release from their prison. He stared at her perfect body. Her milky white skin was soft in his hands. Her tits were a perfect size; not too large, not too small. Her pussy was absolutely beautiful, though a bit red from his attention. And her hips were marvelously shaped. Enough curvature to show that she was absolutely a woman, but not so much that it threw her body's shape out of balance. He imagined grabbing them and using them to hold himself as he rammed her from behind.

"Are you just going to watch me, Dr. Klein, or are you going to fuck me?" Her hands were back at her pussy, sliding over, in and around.

"Kendall, patience. If we're going to release you from this addiction, it's going to take time. This will be the first of many sessions." His penis was fully engorged and sticking out from his open fly. She could see it move in time with his pulse. With that she pushed herself up and launched herself at him, her mouth opening and engulfing his hardness. She pulled at his pants, tugging them till they slid down his hips and ended in a pool at his feet.

She stroked his shaft, following her hand with her mouth as she sucked hard each time she reached the tip. Using a twisting motion with her stroke, the sensations that ran through his balls and up his anus caused his head to lean back involuntarily. He put his hand on her head grabbing the tightly-rolled bun. Standing over her while she knelt on the couch, he felt like a king. She cupped his balls, squeezing softly, massaging and every once-in-awhile reached underneath with her finger to touch his asshole ever so softly. She could feel his cock jump in her mouth every time she did that.

She stopped sucking for a bit and rubbed the head of his prick over her face. He looked down at her. She traced a line from her lips to her right cheek back to her lips with a kiss then to her left cheek, the whole time staring into his lustful eyes. She popped his prick back into his mouth then out again, teasing him with both hand and mouth.

He'd had enough teasing, so hand still on her hair he pulled firmly until she relented. Bending down to his knees, placing them on the couch, he hovered over her. He licked at her nipple while she rested on her elbows under him. She giggled at the sensation of his tongue lightly flicking back and forth from nipple to nipple. She lowered herself under him and pulled his hips to have him positioned between her legs.

"Fuck me now," she demanded. "Fuck me hard."

He obliged by aiming his cock toward her dripping hole and plunging deep and hard. She cried out softly at the shock of being entered so roughly, and then settled in to enjoy the pleasure of being filled. Her pussy contracted as he pushed in and pulled out, each time caressing his shaft, coaxing the pleasure out of him. She grabbed the back of his neck to steady herself as she raised her legs to allow him deeper into her pussy.

"Fuck your whore," she whispered into his ear. "Fuck your dirty whore."

His cock was fully engaged inside of her, the head expanded to the max, rubbing her inner walls, teasing her g-spot with each thrust. Looking into her eyes as he thrusted in and out of her, he smiled a lustful smile then came crashing down on her mouth, probing her tongue with his in a faster rhythm than he was fucking her. She moaned at his passion and lost herself within his kiss.

He quickly brought her back when his hand reached between her legs and started rubbing her clit. The intensity increased with the added sensation, her cunt dripping pussy juice.

"I wanted to fuck you the moment you walked in, Kendall," he said.

The mention of her name caused an explosion of ecstasy from her pussy. Unexpected and sudden, she started pumping her pussy faster and harder, the incredible feeling working its way inside of her. She could feel her ejaculate running between her ass cheeks.

"Say my name again," she requested.

"Kendall," he whispered.

She moaned and started bucking. He took control and placed her calves on his shoulders as he entered her again, positioning her to ensure he was hitting the right spot that would set her off on a journey of multiple orgasms. Raising her hips, she helped him maneuver for her greatest pleasure. Reaching down, she fingered her clit, now completely sensitive to her touch.

"Kendall," he moaned louder. She could tell that he was getting close. His cock was pounding her pussy harder and faster. She loved the raw aggression. "You whore," he grunted, his eyes intent on hers. Those words sent her into a frenzy of thrashing and bucking again.

"Fuck my pussy, you bastard. Fuck me hard, you goddamn bastard," she retorted.

This was the fantasy she desired. This was the sweet release of containing her fake self. Here half naked, being fucked raw on the expensive leather couch, not having to worry about upholding appearances, about holding her overly vulgar tongue, about people whispering behind her back. Here she could release the animal within. And she did.

Using her legs, she fucked back as hard as fucked. Their bodies slamming into each other, wet smacking sounds echoing throughout the room. His soft grunts were loud in her ears flaming the heat between her legs. He was filling her cunt wonderfully, masterfully, passionately. Still rubbing her clit, she felt the stirring of release begin to grow again. She smiled at the thought and expectation of this one. The first one had been too fast, too unexpected. This one she would build and would revel in its growth.

He grabbed her ankles and pulled them off his shoulder pushing her knees toward her tits. The feel of her pussy rubbing the bottom of his shaft was intense. He struggled to hold on, not wanting to let go until she came for him again. Thrusting in and out wildly, the scent of her sex was strong in the room. It was good that she was the last appointment for the day, he thought.

"Fuck me from behind," she gasped. "Take me, please, take me."

"Say please again," he said. He punctuated this with one hard ram of his cock into her vagina.

"Please," she whispered, "please, please, please..."

Satisfied and smiling, he withdrew and let her position herself on the couch with her ass toward him. He stood up to get behind her, then bent over and licked her pussy. She tasted of sweat, salt, and sex. His inner animal roared in excitement. Grabbing her wonderful hips like handles, he let her ease his tip into her battered lips. He worked himself slowly in at first, adjusting to the change in angle, then began to pick up the pace.

Her bun had loosened, most of her hair hanging out wildly. He grabbed it and pulled her head back as he continued his penile assault. He ran his thumb over her pussy, getting it nice and wet, then began to tease her asshole with it. She half-squealed, have moaned at the sensation. He was testing her, and while she was usually was not wonting, today she craved the sensation.

"Do it," she said trying to look back at him. "Please, do it."

He re-wetted his thumb in between strokes in her pussy, and then teased her ass a little more. Then he slowly and gently worked his thumb into her ass. He could feel her tense then relax as he continued the slow but constant force. Finally, he began to work his thumb in and out of her ass while still working her pussy in the same manner. She groaned at the exquisite feelings. The difference of sensations from her ass and pussy combined and brought the intensity to a new level. She pulled against his hand breaking the hold he had of her hair, and laid her face on the couch, soaking in the sensual overload.

Again she went to hand-fucking her clit while he worked both holes. She was completely filled and new that it was time. Concentrating on her clit, she rubbed furiously and lost herself in the myriad of feelings coursing through her body. The intensity grew behind her inner gate, building and building, until she let it crash, rocking her body as the orgasm flooded over her. He released her ass and grabbed onto both hips, holding onto her as she bucked against him, quietly exhaling her squeals of delight. Her pussy quivered and contracted as she rocked the orgasm through its aftershocks. Finally coming down, her pussy satiated, she turned and looked at him in the eye. She could see the glimmer of sweat beading on his forehead.

"Cum in me now, Dr. Klein," she said. She never lost eye contact with him as he picked up his pace again. "Cum in my completely wet and hot pussy, my oh-so-helpful doctor. Fill me up."

He pumped her hard, this time using his hips to pull her into him. His balls slapped hard against her pussy lips. The warmth and wetness of her cunt coaxed his shaft, slipping, sliding. Her gaze made him completely hot. He let the orgasm build within his lower region, holding it, wanting the explosion to grow until he could no longer keep it within him. Pumping, pumping, pumping he held it in, until it grew larger than him and he couldn't contain it. Looking at her challenging eyes, he released his cum into her pussy shooting his load hard at first, the pulses strong within her. He pulsed and pulsed, each one bringing ecstasy with it as he finally began to slow down. His cock spent, his sac drained, he continued to slowly work himself in and out of her.

He slowed gradually until he finally withdrew from her. He placed a soft kiss on her right hip, then waddled over to his desk and reached into a drawer pulling out a small hand towel. He tossed it to her allowing her to clean herself. She finished and began dressing while he wiped himself down. Pulling up his pants he began to walk behind his desk.

"Kendall, I'm afraid your condition is more serious than I thought. The only way to cure your sexual desires is to release them in a safely supervised environment. I'd like to see you back here in two days, but this time schedule two hours with the front office, please." He picked up his pen and began scribbling in his notebook.

"And," he continued, "let me just say that today's session was completely fucking hot. I'm glad you decided to come see me."

She giggled at his compliment. Fully dressed, she walked over to his small mirror on the wall and fixed her hair so no one would see what she had been up to. Checking her lipstick again, she smiled at herself. This was one for the books, she thought.

Finally, satisfied that she looked okay, she walked over to him, and placed a kiss on his cheek.

"You were fucking hot, Dr. Klein." She headed toward the door.

"I really wish you'd take that picture down from our last vacation. I look fat in it. And pick something up for dinner on your way home. I'm going to be very hungry and don't feel like making anything," she said as she walked out the door closing it softly behind her.