 This is a continuation of the story that I started with "Dreaming in the Shower." It continued with "The Countess." This is the third Chapter. 

*****

"Why did I this fucked up?" I said as I stepped out of the car and worked my way to my front door. I waited as the ride-share driver drove off. After six months we finally "Locked" the movie and partied to celebrate. I checked my phone for the time and noted that it was 10:20. The party started at 3:00pm. The Executive Producer the Director and my crew went to a bar across from where we were working. Several bottles of Scotch, Tequila, and Bourbon, were procured and the group did not leave a drop. The director and I commented to each other about the younger members of the group drinking Scotch and Bourbon and not the Tequila. I had five Scotches, and one tequila shot, I was reaching for another shot of scotch, when I realized the bottle was empty. I do not drink this much but I was glad to get the movie finished. We needed a celebration. The evening wound down and I knew that I needed to take a ride home because of my inebriation. When I was in the back of the car I was trying to figure out why I drank so much; and trying not to make a mess. I checked my phone, there were several message flags on the home screen, but I could not read the messages in my state.

I was so happy that I would not be seeing those images, and listening to the dialog of the movie. We finished the movie everyone was happy with the result and glad to be finished. The producer and director will start the color correcting and the sound mix and I will be available if needed. 

After fiddling with my keys I got the door opened. I closed the door and didn't wait to walk to my bedroom I dropped my clothes in the living room and walked to the bathroom. I would pick them up tomorrow morning. First I got the shower hot and stepped in to the enclosure. I turned the hot water off stood in the stream hoping that the cold water would metabolize the booze. The shock cleared my head but I knew that it would be a day before the liquor cleared my body. 

I started to remember Sara Solsbery and my cock started to get invigorated. Usually men take cold showers to "Cool down" but it had the opposite effect on me. I remembered the night at the Beverly Hills Hotel and then the trip to the desert. I was surprised when the car pulled into a large ranch. Lady Sara explained that her father owned the place and several other pieces of property around North America. 

"When I come over to America Papa wants me to check out the family assets," she said that day.

The night we stayed at the ranch was not soon forgotten. Our combined appetites for sex were barely met. Sara and I had intermittent contact since that encounter. My schedule and hers limited our contact to a few phone calls and emails. I was thinking about a trip to London but I could not plan anything until I felt better. I put my head under the cold stream one more time, and started to turn the water off. Not a coffee drinker I decided to get a cola to get some caffeine.

Before I turned the water off I thought I heard someone come in the house. I discounted that to the alcohol. After the shower was off I heard someone moving around my living room. 

"John, I see your clothes but where you?"

That was the distinct voice of Lady Sara Jane Solsbery, and I wondered how she got in the house. I grabbed a handy bathrobe and walked out to the living room. I saw Lady Sara and William her butler/bodyguard setting up food and drink on my worktable. Sara had mentioned to me earlier, that William was former MI-5. So I doubted any door would stop him. William noticed my clothes on the floor picked them up and folded them. He put them in my bedroom. 

Darling there you are, you must have received my messages you are already cleared for action as they say in the navy."

"Sara how did you get in?"

"The door was unlocked, darling and I hope that you don't make a habit of that," replied Sara.

In my fog I must not have set the deadbolt on the door. "Yes ma'am I will lock the door in the future," I said. 

"William, I think that you and Maria can return to the hotel I will call when you need to pick me up."

The tall black man silently withdrew and walked out the door. I followed and locked the deadbolt. I walked back to the living room Sara was still setting up the table. 

"First it is great to see you Sara, but did I miss some communication?"

"I sent you a whole series of texts, over the last two days. Did you not see them?"

Before things get out of hand I walked over to where Sara was standing and embraced her, I brought my lips to hers. The kiss was hot and wet. 

"Did you not get my texts?" asked Sara when we broke.

"My phone was locked up, I was pulling almost 24 hour shifts to get the movie finished. Someone was supposed to be letting me know if I got messages. But I will not blame anyone I should have looked it over everyday."

"Darling, you look terrible, and smell like a distillery, where have you been?"

"The group was celebrating the end of the edit and I have had five shots of scotch and I think one or two tequilas." I reached for one of the sandwiches on the table. I walked to the kitchen and got a glass of water. I sat on the couch and consumed the food and water. I closed my eyes and the room spun around and I opened them quick to avoid something bad. 

Sara came and sat next to me. I wanted to make love to her right then but I was still feeling the effects of the liquor. I really wanted her to slip her hand into my crotch and manipulate my cock. I enjoyed her male stimulation techniques. She had other ideas and decided to torture me by making me wait. She leaned over and kissed my ear using her tongue to suck on my lobe. I got the feeling that Sara was pissed at me.

"Darling you are not getting anything until you change your attitude. Smile and act like you're glad to see me," she whispered.

"Your Grace I am so glad to see you. I was going to fly to London after I finished this assignment..."

I felt a hand invade my thigh and move toward my crotch, but she stopped halfway.

"Her Grace wants to know how hard you are, darling."

"Countess, I am ready to perform, I think that you will find me erect."

"But how hard are you? Oak, Iron, Diamond, tell me should I invest the time?"

"Yes ma'am, I am worth the investment." 

Sara's hand moved to my cock and she used her thumb to stroke the crown. She moved my head and our lips met. "Darling I missed you so much," Sara said.

I had to admit to myself that I missed her also. I reached up and brought her head to mine and kissed her. We stayed in contact for a full two minutes. Sara wanted to torture me by delaying what we both wanted. After we broke she started talking about why she was in the states and that her father was looking to purchase more property. She then told me about her shit of a bother-in-law, the husband of her sister. She kept massaging my cock bringing me to the brink of orgasm.

I finally brought her lips to mine and we kissed. 

"John are you trying to seduce me?"

"Like you're driving me crazy by manipulating my cock."

She let go of my tool and I kissed her before she could say anything I stood and took her hand and directed her to my bedroom. 

"The food will keep," I said.

"Darling, give me a few minutes to get ready."

I stepped out of the bedroom and waited until she was ready. All the stimulation seemed to clear my head. I reached down and stroked my cock checking to see if I was still erect. The door to my bedroom opened and Sara was standing completely naked. 

"What are you waiting for, darling?"

"I don't know," I said as I embraced the Countess. 

Her hands were busy dropping the bathrobe to the floor and finding my cock. We moved to the bed and I got between her legs. Her bright pink lips peeked between the tuffs of her pussy. I brought my cock to the entrance of her cunt and gently pressed forward. Our lips met, and I played with one of her breasts. I began to move in and out of her cunt hoping that she would cum before I exploded. 

I felt a climax building in her as waves of pleasure moved through her body. I doubled my efforts and I felt my cock explode. All I could think about was to keep kissing her lovely mouth. 

"John are you awake? 

I woke up and found Sara was sitting on my crotch. I desperately wanted to have my cock in her cunt again. Every time she moved jolts pleasure moved through my body. She rose up and grasped my cock and directed it into her cunt. She slowly let her self down and kissed me. 

"I remembered how much I enjoyed this, John. You are such a good fuck."

She started to move up and down on my cock, and jolted me in to reality.

"Darling, you are not going to have any premature pop-offs are you?"

"Your Grace, I will try not to."

"To quote a hero of mine "Do or do not there is no try" so keep that in mind," she said with a laugh.

Sara started to agitate my cock and I did not know how I was going to keep from exploding. 

"John, I am depending on you to bring me off," Sara said as she continued to move up and down my cock. 

Sara leaned down and we kissed. She sucked my tongue into her mouth. She held it while I felt her climax. I took that as my cue to move and I was able to get us on our sides. I moved my cock in and out of her pussy. I stopped and felt my cock let go with several jerks. Our lips came together as we kissed. I felt Sara's hand trace the outline of my ass. 

"John, suck on my breasts?"

I didn't need to be asked twice. I moved down and found one of her globes and attacked one of the nipples. Her hand left my ass and found my cock. 

"That feels good," I said. 

She moved away from me and got off the bed. "I am hungry, darling. Join me in getting something to eat."

I watched Sara move out of the bedroom the vision of her naked back was just as good as her front. I spent a few minutes deciding what to do, but I eventually got off the bed and picked up my robe and joined her in the living room. The clock next to my bed read 3:30am. 

Sara was wrapped in some kind of gauzy cover-up that did not cover anything. She was seated at my worktable with a large shiny butter knife in one hand. In the other was her lipstick. She was using the knife as a mirror and was touching up her lip color. After she finished she poured some Champagne. She poured a glass for me but I was still feeling the effects my celebration earlier.

"John I am still just a little pissed at you for showing up drunk."

"Sara, if I had had checked my phone I would have known that you were looking for me and I would not have stayed at the party so long."

I put my head on the table but was jolted awake by Sara squeezing my cock. My attention was focused on the beautiful woman sitting next to me. 

"John, I can get William and Maria over here and you will never see me again if that it what you want?"

I leaned over and our lips met in a kiss, "That is not what I want, Countess, and I doubt that is what you want."

"You are right John that is the last thing that I want.," she said with her hand on my cock. 

I kissed her again and my hand found her pussy and began to stimulate her.

"Do you know why I am attracted to you? First on the beach you never approached to introduce yourself. The whole time I was there I was fighting off unwelcome advances from men. When we met in the bar I was glad that you did not have any attachments," she paused to rub my cock, concentrating on the crown.

"I enjoyed our conversation over dinner, and when I left I was surprised that you did not follow me. I was alarmed that I might have said something that put you off. John remember, women do not have neon signs you need to pick up on the hints that we drop," She continued to manipulate my cock.

"Countess, I told you that night at the bar that I was attracted to you but I didn't act. When you left after dinner I thought that you had had a pleasant evening but that was it. I was surprised that you waylaid me, but I was glad. Now Madam I have not, paid you back for all the kindness." 

I rose from the table grasped her wrist and directed her to the couch. I got between her legs and found her pussy. She put her legs on my shoulders and I placed my mouth on her vulva. My tongue moved from bottom to top plunging in and out of her love hole. My mouth settled on her clit and I applied slight negative pressure to the area. I could feel her shudder when I touched her clit. I hoped to bring her off several times. 

Sara's breathing deepened; several times she took a breath and held it. She released the air from her lungs and quickly breathed in more air. Sara crossed her legs trapping me at her pussy. I continued to suck her pussy. My tongue invaded her pussy moving from bottom to top again. Sara held me tighter to the point that I could hardly breathe. 

She suddenly released her legs; I moved up to kiss her driving my tongue into her lovely mouth. Her arms crossed behind my head holding us in the kiss. I wanted to go back to bed my cock was standing and I needed some relief. 

"Do you want to make love to me, John," she said after we broke the kiss. 

"Sara, I want you to sit on my cock."

"Well darling, I guess we need to return to the bedroom," said Sara as she manipulated my cock. 

We both rose and walked toward my bedroom. "You have a one track mind."

"Madam, it takes one to know one," I said as we entered the bedroom. 

I got on the bed and waited as Sara mounted me. She directed my cock into her pussy. After taking my entire length she came down to my lips and we kissed. My hands reached up and found her nipples and held them while she rode up and down my cock. When it looked like I was about to explode I felt her hand gasp my shaft and hold it tight; postponing my eruption.

"You must know by now that I enjoy being in control. You'll need to wait for me a little while longer, darling," Sara said with a smile on her lips.

Having Lady Sara Jane Solsbery in control was fine by me. She started to move up and down my pole again this time with a little more force. She stopped bent down and kissed me.

"Tell me more about Kim, darling?" asked Sara.

I had forgotten that we had a small conversation about previous romances. She bounced on my cock one or two times to drive home the demand.

"I was an undergraduate and fell madly in love with a beautiful Bio major who lived on my floor. I was more attracted to her than she was to me."

"Did she have tits that were as good as you think mine are?"

"I was more attracted to her shaved crotch, I had not seen a bald woman before."

"Did you fuck her?" Sara asked as she jogged up and down on my cock.

"We made love once, but she applied to transfer to another dorm and we never were in the position again."

Sara continued to jog up and down on my shaft, "Darling, you need to tell me a story about another lover?"

I was beginning to wonder about the twenty questions but I played along as she had me over a barrel. "And darling, it needs to be a good story."

"Linda was my lover after I got out of college. We got an apartment up in the hills right after I got my first job as an assistant editor. She was hot, nice tits a beautiful butt, and lovely pussy. She could suck my cock forever. I would try to make love whenever I could. On the weekends we would stay in bed making love in the weirdest positions. No clothing was permitted while we were in the house. I still remember her sucking on my cock. All I wanted to do was fuck her pussy and suck on her tits. I bought this house with Linda."

"I don't see any evidence of her in the house. What happened to your perfect love?"

That was a painful question and a memory that I had buried as deep as I could. Sara started to jog up and down on my tool encouraging the answer. She leaned down and kissed me. She brought my hands to her breasts. 

"Darling it is only a memory, you can tell me," she said.

"Linda was working when a guy thinking his wife was leaving him came to the bank branch she was working at and shot six people. Two of the people died one of them was Linda. The interesting thing about the situation the man's wife was not there at the time, she was at another branch. The man was convicted on several counts of murder and attempted murder and is on death row, but legal maneuvers will keep him alive until he is dead of natural causes. That is fine with me, I would rather him be a guest of the state for the rest of his life." 

Sara bent down and kissed me again inserting her tongue in my mouth. She rose off of my pole and manipulated my cock with her hand. She moved down and started to suck my cock. I could not hold back and exploded in her mouth. She did not let my cock go until it was at rest. I had to let go and fell asleep. I dreamt of fucking Linda and Sara; another teenage fantasy.

"John, John, wake up William is here with breakfast."

I opened my eyes and beheld Sara in a white robe standing beside my bed. I have a large clock radio beside my bed that displayed 9:30. Light peeking in through the window clued me in that it was morning. 

"Come on out when you are ready," she said as I caught her wrist and pulled to down to give her a kiss. 

"Save it for later, Mr. Rogers."

She walked out of the room leaving me alone. I slipped out of bed and noticed that I had morning wood. I found a robe and a pajama bottom and dressed. I tried to tame the bed head but was not successful. I walked into my dining room and Sara was already seated, William was waiting for me. He placed a plate in front of me as I was sitting. I hated to think that I was getting use to the service that came with knowing Lady Sara Jane Solsbery. 

A hand reached out to grasp my thigh and moved to my crotch. "Yes Sara I am ready for action," I said to myself.

She moved close and kissed me. "Eat then we will plan the rest of the day."

A twinkly noise erupted from somewhere. Sara reached and found her Mobil as the Brits say. "Sorry darling looks like work is intruding. Sara Jane Solsbery ... George we agreed 9:00 tomorrow at Boffin and Smith's office. I will depose your client then we can discuss a settlement. ... I expect most of the day the deposition should take four hours at least, be prepared for longer. ... I really don't care how busy your client is, he is mine tomorrow. ... My best to your wife." She pulled the phone away from her face and touched the disconnect button. 

"The legal profession is so incestuous, we are either friends or opponents, depending on the day. I Just hope that the bloody juniors have done their work, so I can do mine," she said. 

"Big case?"

"One of the reasons I am here, other than making love to you, and doing reconnaissance for Papa. My client is suing a bloody business magnate over sexual misconduct. He is the CEO of a Tech conglomerate. We are claiming that she did not get a promotion to CEO of a division because she did not play with the man's penis. Also she does not possess a cock only a vagina. The lady is British and the incident happened in London, he is American and Lives in LA. So I transported fifteen people here to work on the deposition and discovery. You are free tomorrow. But today you are mine, I hope you don't have any plans"

"Only to be with you, my darling."

"William, I think we need the second course?" 

William quickly pulled the plates off of the table and replaced them with the next course.

"Are you getting more of these kinds of cases?" I asked.

"Now that we have a chance of winning we are getting more and more women coming forward. Men can be real shits, present company accepted," Sara said as she squeezed my thigh again. 

William advanced with a coffee pot but I put my hand over the cup. He poured a cup for Lady Sara.
