 Her name was Dionne, 23-yr. old red head with pretty tits and a nice ass. She was walking across the parking lot, drunk when my boyfriend found her. It was late and cold outside and she didn't have a clue where she was. He told her he would ask me if she could crash on the couch, but warned her that I like to eat pussy. It was his dream come true. He was going to be able to watch two women together, he could feel it in his bones... or should I say Bone...

He came in the bedroom and told me what was up, I told him to let her in and I would come out and meet her. I walked out into the front room with just a T-shirt on. My 42H tits swaying as I walk over to her. I sit down next to her and Jerry points out how nice she smells. I lean over and start to smell her neck. I kiss her neck and my hand goes to her pretty tits and I caress them. Hmm they are fake. Jerry's gonna love this. Two dreams for the price of one. She arches her back and pushes those nice tits up. I unbutton her shirt and pull her tits out of her bra; her nipples are rock hard as I start sucking on them while I take off her bra. She pushes me away and tells me she has to pee. 

When she comes back her pants are undone. I slide them down her hips and Jerry takes them off the rest of the way. He sits down next to her and I move between her legs. Her panties are red lace g-string. I start licking her pussy through those pretty panties. I reach up and slide them off while Jerry is sucking on her tits. She spreads her legs and I dive into her pretty pussy. I lick from her asshole to her clit. I take her clit in between my teeth and nibble then I suck on it hard. Then I start to lick her asshole, probing it with my tongue. I stick my tongue deep in her ass and tongue fuck her asshole. 

I move up to her pussy and lick her sweet hole. Jerry hands me a dildo; I slide in deep in her hole and start fucking her with it. Jerry stands up and moves between her legs with me and takes out his hard cock. "Ooh baby, you wanna stick your hard cock in her pretty pussy?" I ask him. The look on his face answers me. I move and he slides that cock deep in her pussy. Her moans fill the house as he fucks her hard and deep. Watching his hard cock pound her pussy is driving me crazy...I need some hard cock. He pulls out of her pussy and slides into mine. I start licking her pussy some more. Sweet pussy juice all over my face as I move from her pussy to her tits, to her mouth. , back to that sweet pussy, I slide my finger in her pussy and start finger fucking her, soon I have three fingers in her pussy and I am slamming it home while Jerry shoves his cock in my pussy. Then he takes it out of my pussy and slams my ass full of that big hard cock, as I suck on her clit. 

He takes his cock out of my ass and sticks it in her mouth as he fucks her mouth. I stop and watch that cock sliding in her pretty mouth. He reaches down and starts slamming my pussy with my favorite dildo. He takes his cock out of her mouth and he puts his full attention on fucking me with the dildo while I suck on her clit and finger fuck her pussy and ass hole. He knows my pussy and within a matter of minutes my pussy is shooting pussy cum all over my thighs and his hands. 

Dionne sits up and I sit beside her. Jerry bends her over my lap so that her face is next to my pussy. She touches it carefully; she isn't sure what to do with it.... before she has a chance to figure it out, Jerry starts fucking her doggy style. Our eyes meet "fuck her in the ass baby” he pulls out and gently slides his cock in her tight asshole and he slowly starts to fuck her. Then he starts fucking her faster and harder pounding her pretty ass with his big cock. Again her moans fill the house as she starts to cum soon he pulls out and blows his load all over her pussy.

I slide out from under her and start to lick his cum off of her ass and pussy. She lies down and starts to fall asleep. I cover her up on the couch and we go into the bedroom and continue to fuck until the sun cums up.