 We were on the road heading back to LA when Sara informed me that she was in the States for the next six months. The news took me by surprise, but it was a pleasant surprise. The law firm arranged for a Condo in Beverly Hills for her and she further told me that William was going to be joining her so she would have a driver/bodyguard again. 

"You are being very quiet Mr. Rogers," said Sara after she told me the news. 

"That is very good, darling," I replied. 

"This means that you will need to behave no ingénues at your house, no casting couch. I know how you men work," said Sara with a laugh. 

"I think my life will be very lonely when my friends find out who I am dating," I said in reply. 

I pulled the car off the freeway and into a "Travel Center" to fill the gas tank. I stood by the car while I was fueling. When the pump clicked off, I finished the transaction and headed for the restroom. I finished my business and got in the driver's position and prepared to get back on the road. Sara was not in the car, so I waited for her. 

"I will be so glad when William gets here, the clerks are morons," 

"Countess, I love you but that was un-called for; yes, they work above minimum wage, but I am sure that they were doing their best." 

She turned to me and was about to speak when I held up my hand "No more, darling." 

She became quiet as I put the car in gear and started to pull out of the station. 

"You are right, I need more patience," 

Sara looked at her phone during the rest of the trip and asked me if I knew men in a long list. I theorized that these men were on her radar. I was glad that her list did not contain anyone I knew. We started to enter the outskirts of LA and I asked if she wanted to spend the night at my place or take her to the condo. 

"Darling, you are stuck with me for a few days as the place is not ready." 

I remembered the number of bags in the back of the SUV so she could operate from anywhere. We had about an hour more driving before we got to my place. 

"Darling, I really need to know what you think of me?" asked Sara. 

The question took me aback, and I tried to figure out what she wanted. There was a slight nudge in my ribs, indicating that she wanted an answer. I started to sing some of the lyrics of the old Nat King Cole song "Unforgettable" which was all I could think about. 

"That's nice darling, but what do you think about me. Are you glad when I go away?" 

"Never, it makes me sad when we are apart. I guess to this day I still wonder why you sat down, across from me, in that bar on the island. There are so many men that you can point at and have a relationship. I am glad that you did come in to the bar, and that you waited for me after dinner. I love sex with you, but I love you." 

"I guess that every man I get involved with becomes a project. I have seen you work, agonize over one frame of film. On the computer you make decisions without a second thought. And I don't want to crush your ego, but you become somewhat passive around me. Darling, I am just a woman." 

"No, you are a powerful woman, that your assistants fear." 

"You don't fear me; you make love to me and I love our sex together. 

"I just hope that sex is not the only reason for our relationship?" I said. 

We agreed to continue the discussion at dinner as I pulled into an Italian restaurant. 

"Don't worry I will forgo wine and other beverages." 

"Darling, that is why I love you; you know what I am thinking." 

The restaurant was not conducive to further discussion about sex. So, we discussed the trip and I told Sara a story about my growing up on my Grandfather's farm. 

"So that is where you learned to ride horses," she said. 

The check came and Sara was in no hurry to pick it up, so, my credit card came out and I paid. She leaned over and kissed me. 

"You won't regret this," said Sara, as she kissed me again. 

I held the car door for her and then went to the driver's position and started the car. I drove for another half hour while a slightly drunk Countess kept kissing me and attacking my privates. 

The sun was going down when I pulled into my driveway. I held the door for Sara and then got her in the house. I made her a martini and then started moving the luggage from the car to my house. When I came in with the last load Sara was not in the living room. 

"Darling, I need another martini if you don't mind." 

I poured another drink and brought it to her. She was already in bed. Propped up on pillows displaying her breasts. I quickly left the room and locked the door. I returned and started losing my clothes. I was down to my briefs when she took a long sip from the drink. 

"Darling you will need to pick up your clothes, we don't have any help." 

I picked up my clothes and hung them over the chair. I approached the bed and Sara pulled my briefs down to my ankles. She took my cock and kissed the crown. With her hand on my balls she calmly took a sip of her martini. She kissed the crown again and then took the length in her mouth. She released my cock and pulled the covers indicating that she wanted me in bed. I slid beside her and we kissed. My hand moved down to her breast and I began to tweak the nipple. My lips found hers and we kissed. I moved on top and I felt her hand direct my cock into her pussy. Being in Sara's pussy felt great. It was silky, warm and I began to move my tool in and out in short strokes. We kissed again and my hands continued to massage her ample breasts. 

"Paul please give me your best fuck?" 

I kissed her again and was able to capture her tongue in my mouth. I continued to move in and out this time with a little more force. Sara responded to the attention by clamping on my cock. After a few minutes I felt my release and I relaxed but continued to play with her breasts. This brought a violent sounding laugh from Sara. 

"I need you to suck on my nipples, darling." 

I moved to bring one of her globes to my mouth and tongued her nipple. She continued to laugh while I sucked on her nipples. Sara moved my head to hers and out mouths met in a long kiss. Her hands were busy trying to revive my cock. 

Sara got out of bed and grabbed my cock and wrist and encouraged me to stand also. She walked toward the kitchen. She continued out to the pool deck. She jumped in to the water and I followed. I realized that I could count on my fingers how many times I used the pool since my ex-lover Linda's murder. I swam to Sara and grabbed her and split her legs and inserted my now hard cock into her vagina. 

Sara tried to get away, but I held her tight and continued to move my cock in and out. My hands found her tits and I massaged her nipples while I continued to fuck my lover. One major thrust and I shot a load of cum in to my lover's cunt. 

Sara turned around, leaned into me and our lips met in a kiss. She disengaged and started swimming to the opposite wall. I followed and came up behind her. 

"I love you Countess," I said as I kissed her. 

"You say that to all the women you bring to your home," she said as she laughed, and pulled herself out of the water. 

I watched the water cascade off of her body as she walked into the house. She returned with two towels, a bottle of Champagne, and two glasses. I pulled myself out and joined her. 

We were sitting completely naked in the two lounges near the kitchen entrance. The moon was directly overhead casting a grey glow over us. I could see Sara's pussy that was beginning to have hair again. Her hand was on my cock massaging it back to an erection. We sipped the wine and made jokes. Then the conversation got serious. 

"Do I excite you?" she asked out of the blue. 

"Yes, Countess you excite me even when we are not making love." 

"What if I didn't have a title, or part of a rich family would I excite you?" 

"Your beauty would excite any man, and I have seen how men look at you, darling." 

She leaned over and kissed me her hand still working my cock. She kissed me again and grabbed her glass and raised it toward me. 

"Darling, from the first time I met you I knew that you and I would make a good couple. You don't get phased by the wealth of my family and you put up with my eccentricities. I love you and I love that you are my lover." 

She rose from her chair and straddled me guiding my cock into her pussy. We kissed and I started to fuck my lover. 

"Darling, you surprised me when you practically raped me in the pool it was a maneuver that I did not expect from you. I loved it." 

She grabbed her glass and drank more wine. I refilled both our glasses and continued to make love and wonder when my agent would call with a job and snap me out of this. 

There was a beautiful woman perched on my cock rocking back and forth and I wondered how many people in the business were about to get sued for some very un-nice things. Sara grabbed my hands and placed them on her breasts allowing me to play with her beautiful titties. 

I felt my cock release and Sara settled down and kissed me. We both got up, walked back in the house and fell on the bed. Several hours later I woke up and felt around the bed hopping for another chance to make love. She was not in bed, but my cock was at full power. I did not hear her in the shower, so I figured that she must have left for the morning. 

I got up and walked into the living/dining room and found her behind the stove. 

"Sit down and I will take care of you." 

There was an odor of cooking coming from the kitchen. Sara came around the counter and got on her knees and swallowed my cock. 

"I bet you didn't think that I knew how to cook?" she said after punishing my cock in her mouth. A few love taps on my flank indicated that I needed to concentrate on what she was doing. 

"Countess, I" ... I stopped what I was saying when I came in her mouth. The release was pleasurable, and I kept shooting with her encouragement. 

"Paul what were you about to say, darling." 

"I am not surprised that you know your way around a stove, Countess." 

She kissed me and then told me to get dressed as we were going to have company soon. I walked back in the bedroom still trying to get over the best oral sex I have had. 

"Don't get used to it, it's just because I love you," said Sara from the kitchen. 

I tried to speculate who would be coming over this morning, but I would wait to find out. Sara came into the bedroom with a glass of champagne and handed it to me. 

"Darling you need to buy a case of that brand it is very good." 

"I will see to it, darling." 

"Come on breakfast is getting cold." 

The meal was good, and I cleared the table and put the dishes in the dishwasher. Sara went on her computer and was studying her email. I moved into one of the spare bedrooms and reviewed my accumulated messages. I was looking to see if I needed to work on the film that I just finished. Luckily the director did not send me any more changes, and my agent was also silent. 

I heard a commotion in the front room and came out to find a woman and a man standing talking to Sara. 

"Mr. Rogers, I believe you've met my sister Fiona and her husband? 

"Nice to see you again ma'am." 

I finally noticed that Fiona's husband was a tall well-built man. He looked like he did other things than office work. I looked at Sara and noticed that she is dressed like she is going to work. She was dressed in a pair of black slacks; suit coat and what women call power shoes. I was wondering if I was going to be asked to entertain Sara's sister and brother-in-law. 

Sara leaned over and kissed me "Darling, I really hate to ask you this, but the office called me into a meeting and Fiona and Cameron were coming today; would you mind giving them a tour of the city?" 

I agreed and kissed her back. Sara asked about their trip to Central America. She then excused herself and left me with her relations. We carried on with some small talk and I apologized for my behavior the last time we met. I asked if they wanted to see one of the studio lots. They agreed and Cameron offered their car. I scooped up my wallet and keys and we walked outside. In the driveway was a Cadillac SUV. 

I said I would drive as I know the streets and pointed the SUV out of my neighborhood. 

"Mr. Rogers, I know that you and my sister have been intimate," said Fiona. 

"Were adult, but yes we have had sex," replied. 

"We are not here to judge you Paul, but we want to know what your intentions are toward my sister," said Fiona. 

"Ms. Solsbery your sister and I enjoy each other's company, I have told her that I love her. She has said similar things to me. If you are wondering if I am trying to get a piece of the Solsbery fortune I am not. I have money of my own not like your family, but it allows me to edit films and do some producing." 

I tried to control my emotion as I did not know if Sara set this up. I pulled in to the studio entrance and flashed my credentials to the security guard. She waved me through, and I drove the car around the studios pointing out where some famous movies were shot. 

"I never really heard the story of how you and my sister-in-law met, Paul?" 

"We were both vacationing in the Caribbean and I happen to see her on the beach. I never approached because I was trying to work on a script that a friend and I were working on. I went back to my room showered and went down to the hotel grill for dinner. Sara walked into the bar and sat down at my table and struck up a conversation. We had dinner." 

"Did you have sex on that night?" asked Fiona. 

"Yes, and I think that we both enjoyed it," I replied with more force than I needed. 

Fiona started to say something, but I cut her off. 

"Sara was gone when I woke up; according to a note I found she was called back to London. I spent the rest of my vacation working on the script. I doubted that I would ever see her again. Then out of the blue four months later she sent me an email saying that she was coming to LA and wondered if we could get together." 

"What do you think of my father, Paul?" 

Seems like a nice man, took me on a tour of his wine cellar, he made a joke about how you and Sara were going to have to split it between you. By the way the subject of money never came up." 

Again, I was controlling my emotions during the questioning. I pulled out of the studio and headed down Sunset Blvd. They suggested several places that they would like to see, and I acted as tour guide. The grilling faded and we talked about other things. I pulled into a scenic overlook and Cameron and Fiona walked away from the car. My phone rang and the display read "Princess Sara"; which if she ever saw that entry I would be in trouble. 

"Darling, how are you getting along?" Sara asked. 

"You and I need to talk, Sara." 

"What about" 

"Not on the phone, but later." 

"OK man of mystery. Do you know where "Romero's" is located?" 

"Yes, do you want to meet there?" 

"Yes, in about an hour. Miss you," said Sara. 

Sara disconnected and I saw Cameron and Fiona walking toward me. I told them that the boss called and that we were going to meet her at a restaurant. We got in the car and I started to head to Downtown LA. I pulled into the restaurant and stopped at the valet stand. The doors opened and we got out, I handed the keys to the valet, in exchange for the claim check, and walked into the building. 

The hostess showed us to a table after we made sure that Sara was not there yet. Cameron and Fiona ordered wine and I had a club soda and lime. There was a flurry in the dinning room as a minor Celebrity made an entrance. There was a woman following him who split off and approached our table. Cameron and I both stood as Sara approached. She embraced me and we kissed and took her seat. She ordered a martini and asked about our adventures. 

"I need to tell the staff that I should have proceeded Mr. minor star." 

"Yes, Countess you should and then I will watch them laugh." 

I got one of her patented dirty looks as she leaned over and kissed me again. Her hand strayed to my private area and gave my cock a slight tweak. 

"Darling, I was just kidding," Sara said. 

The waiter took our orders and we sat back and sipped our drinks. Fiona described our tour. 

"Darling, before Cameron and Fiona got married, they worked for the government. We don't mention the name of the organization." 

That cleared up some of my questions. I tried to relax and enjoy the meal and company. I looked over at Sara who had the I am going to get you look of a woman. I tread very lightly. 

"Can you talk about what you do now?" I asked. 

We are in the same racket as Sara, only we practice marital law," said Cameron. 

"It allows us to charge obscene fees to get the rich out of their problems," Fiona added. 

"Now you know why I was sad when their daughter said that she was going to read law," said Sara. 

"Well it is her life," said Fiona. 

"Yes, but she is so creative she should be in film like Paul or out uncle," said Sara. 

The meal arrived and we all started to eat. I ordered another club soda and the conversation continued. There were some pointed questions about what I did. I got the impression that Sara's relations were not sure of this American person burrowing into the family. The late lunch early dinner continued with a round of deserts. 

"We are going to Vegas tomorrow would you both like to come with us?" asked Cameron. 

Both Sara and I begged off; I had a meeting with Bret and Sara said that she had meetings planed for tomorrow afternoon. Sara picked up the check just as I was reaching for my credit card. Sara leaned over and whispered that a friend would drive Cameron and Fiona back to their hotel. 

"One of the juniors from the firm will drive you back to your hotel. She is doing this as a favor please do not abuse her," announced Sara. 

She stood and tapped my shoulder "I guess that we are leaving. It was great to see you again," I said as I rose from the table. A woman of about 25 walked up and stood by the table. 

"Only to the hotel," Sara commanded. 

"Yes ma'am," the woman responded. 

When we were at the valet stand Sara whispered, "Going to Las Vegas with my sister please shoot me now." 

We both laughed as she got in the passenger seat and I took the driving position. I asked where she wanted to go? 

"Somewhere where I can make love to you, darling." 

I started toward my home and waited until I was in the street before bringing up third degree that I got from her sister. 

"You said you wanted to discuss something with me?" 

"I will be blunt was this a put up to get me alone with your sister and her husband?" 

"No, I really had a meeting I had to attend; what did she say?" 

"She almost wanted to see my credit report. I guess that she wanted to know if I was trying to get some of your money. I really did not appreciate the grilling that I got from her. Cameron was silent, but I guess that that is SOP to men who want to join your family." 

Sara's hand slipped down to my crotch and she massaged my cock even while I tried to drive. She leaned over when we were at a stop light and kissed me. Her hand still working my cock. 

"Darling, I did have a meeting and they called two days ago saying that they would be in LA and wanted to meet you again. I did not know that Fiona was going to interview about our relationship." 

I pulled in to my driveway and noticed that there was another car parked in front of my house. When I stopped Sara's, door opened, and William was assisting her from the car. The door of the other car opened, and the man began to take pictures of Sara and me. William walked out in the yard and got between the photographer and us. 

"Sir I believe that you are on private property I am asking you to leave," said William in a very commanding tone. 
