 Sara and I just returned from another house hunting trip. I quickly opened the door and allowed Sara to enter the house. I came up from behind and embraced her and whispered; "Get naked, I want to make love to you."

Sara escaped my embrace and twisted the lock on the door. "Paul, William has not left the drive way yet, and, he will be back in two hours to take us to dinner."

"I don't care, I just want to make love to you," I said.

I was able to capture her again and get her trousers, and panties on the floor. My hand started to massage her mound, with fingers exploring her slit. My lips found hers and we kissed. My other hand slipped up her shirt and was able to move her bra out of the way so I could massage her lovely breasts. I continued to kiss her so she could not speak.

I walked her to the couch and got her to sit so I could get on my knees to suck her pussy.

After a few minutes I heard "Paul, Paul, stop please, we need to talk."

Sara closed her legs denying me access to her mound and cunt. Her hands pulled my head until our eyes met.

"Again, Paul Stop!" Sara said in her most commanding tone.

I released her and she started to pull up her panties and slacks. She reached under her shirt and readjusted her bra. "For that Paul, you will need to make me a double martini, you sir do not get anything! We need to talk about the house that we saw today."

Sara and I are three weeks into looking for a house that more fits her lifestyle. I agreed that we needed to find an "Our" house. My house holds special memories for me, but I knew that I needed a change. I was trying to restrain Sara but the houses that we have seen were at least six thousand square feet, five bedrooms in addition to the master suite, all on large plots of land. The prices were eye popping for me. The one today was a modern style. It had a three-story rectangular tower with a single-story appendix leading to a two-level wing containing a great room with the master suite above. The house we saw last week was a monster Victorian. Both properties had a "Guest house/Quarters that Sara wanted. The Victorian had a pool, the modern house did not. Though I wanted a pool not having one was not a deal breaker. I liked the house we saw today better that the Victorian.

We spent an hour discussing the merits of both houses. I thought both properties were more house than we needed but Sara was determined. Halfway through the discussion her foot found my crotch and she massaged my manhood.

"So, you would be willing to visit the modern house again before we decide?" asked Sara.

"Yes, ma'am," I said, and drew a crossed look from her.

Sara looked at her watch and reminded me that we were having dinner with Bret and her husband.

"Darling you have me all charged up, what am I going to do?" I asked.

Sara rose from the table and grasp my wrist and directed me into the bedroom. This time Sara unbuttoned my pants and got my cock extended and began to massage my tool. She took my cock in her mouth and let her tongue massage my shaft. I soon shot a wad. Sara calmly took my cock out of her mouth kissed the tip and swallowed. I left and poured her another martini and met her as she was coming out. I got dressed and walked out letting Sara take over the bedroom. What I didn't know was that Sara got a call from her father. She needed to get to the ranch early tomorrow. She did not say anything while we were driving to the Restaurant.

William arrived and began to load the dishwasher, while we waited for Sara to appear.

"We are meeting them at "Toulouse" I told Bret to ride-share and William would drive them home," said Sara as she walked out of the bedroom.

I did a double take on the dress as she walked toward me.

"It's a new frock do you like it?" asked Sara.

"It is lovely, darling," I replied.

There was a small box on the counter, so we were having desert over here. I had to admit that it was nice having William around.

"What are we celebrating?" I asked.

"It looks like you are staying home, if you can't remember Bret's Birthday."

I realized that I committed a giant faux pas, and Sara will not let me forget it. I started to search me brain for some way to make it up when Sara walked up and kissed me.

"I have things under control, darling."

I ducked under the counter and pulled two special bottles of Champagne and put them in the fridge. They will be cold enough when we got back to the house. Sara was ravishing the new dress the jewelry made her look fabulous. She announced that it was time to go and we marched out to the car and got in the rear seat. I would be riding with William on the way back after dinner.

We pulled up to the building and waited for the doors to open. The valet assisted Sara from the car while I waited. "The reservations are under my name, Paul," said Sara as we approached the host station. I chose her name instead of her title and we were shown to a table in a corner. After we sat down, I ordered two martinis. They appeared in just a few minutes and we were sipping when Bret and her husband walked up to the table. I stood and embraced my colleague and air kissed each cheek. The waiter approached and took their order. I noticed that Bret ordered a non-alcoholic drink.

"Happy Birthday, Darling. Did he do right by you?" I asked.

Bret held up her right hand and displayed a large ring with a marquis diamond flanked by two red rubies. Sara grasp her hand to better see the ring.

"It is lovely, darling," said Sara as she inspected the ring.

"He also bought me a new set of golf clubs, it looks like he want's a challenge," Bret Responded.

George, Bret's Husband was a very good golfer and got Bret to take up the game.

"Well we should all play, Paul and Bret can play against George and me, that way there will not be any relationship tension," said Sara.

I was surprised as I did not know that Sara played golf. I was so busy that I had not played it six months.

The waiter approached and we ordered a second round, Sara requested two orders of Escargot, and a Calamari al Provencal as appetizers. We studied the menu while we waited. A new round of drinks appeared followed by the appetizers. I think that Sara ordered the snails to see if I would eat them. To her surprise I not only ate one I ate two plus one of the squids. I silently laughed the food was good and set the stage for the entre´.

The waiter approached again, and we all ordered. Some had a fish dish, others a beef dish. We ordered two bottles of wine one white one red. Between Sara and I we finished the appetizers.

"We need to set the date for this golf game," I piped up.

"And the rules," said Bret.

"Well there will be money on the line and the losing team will buy dinner," said George.

"George be prepared to shell out for dinner as I will not be a great help," said Sara.

"I have never seen Sara play, but whatever she does she does well, so I figure that she shoots in the low 80's." I said.

"I think I saw a bent set of clubs in your garage, Paul, when we were swimming." said Bret.

The conversation was paused as the main meal arrived. The sommelier presented the wines to us and poured samples for everyone. We asked that he bring a second set of bottles to the table.

"Well happy Birthday all of 21, right?" I said proposing a toast.

"Thank you, Paul, not with two kids, those days a long gone," said Bret in response.

"But they are darlings," said Sara

The evening wound down, and I looked over the table and saw that three of us had consumed four bottles of very expensive wine, Bret had had small sips. Sara was about to order more.

"It's her birthday, Paul," said Sara when she saw my amazed look.

Sara realized that we had Champagne and cake at the house, so we did not need to order anything else.

"Everyone drink up we have cake and Champagne back at Che Paul's," said Sara.

The bill came to me and my credit card was the first out on the table. George protested but I insisted that I cover the dinner. Sara would not have let me split the bill. I signed the check after scribbling in a large tip. I was so glad that we had William to drive us. I felt almost as bad as I did a year ago after the wrap party on Sara's second visit.

We were standing out in the valet area when a large limo drove up. Exiting from the back was Sara's partner in the Hollywood mogul law suits. Nancy was dressed in a full-length mink coat which looked sexy. Sara and her friend air kissed and Sara must have said the right things as we got in the limo and headed back to my house.

Sara was on her phone telling William that we had a ride and to get back to the house. The driver took the scenic route and stopped to allow us to look at the LA lights. In the passenger compartment of the limo, Sara kept massaging my cock when no one was looking. I leaned over and whispered, "Do that some more and I will not be responsible for my conduct."

Sara kissed me and then said to behave myself. "We're here to celebrate Bret's birthday," Sara whispered.

The car slowed down and stopped William opened the door and assisted Bret and Sara out of the car. George and I climbed out and I put my arm around Bret and escorted her to the front door. I noticed George had his arm around Sara's waist.

"Paul I might trade you in for this new and improved model," said Sara in a half serious tone.

Sara embraced me and whispered, "Just kidding, darling."

William had cake slices on plates and glasses of Champagne lined up on the counter allowing us to pick up the cake and wine. Everyone raised their glasses and toasted Bret's birthday.

"Well I have an announcement I just got word that we have been picked up for four more hours. Delivery is next spring," said Bret.

"So, we can keep the band together a little longer," I said.

There was a pop and William opened the second bottle of Champagne. He walked around and refilled everyone's glass. Again, Bret declined, but I did not think about it. There was no better way to celebrate my partner's birthday and her good luck on getting an extension. William walked by and I tugged at his sleeve, "Thanks for everything William the evening was great," I whispered.

"Thank you, sir," said William.

I raised my glass to Sara, to thank her for the evening. The cake was devoured, the bottles were upside down in the garbage, and three of us were pleasantly drunk. It was all I could do from making a scene with Sara. The conversation died down, and Bret decided that she needed to go home. William led Bret and George to the car and drove away leaving Sara and me alone.

"Darling are you as horny as I am?" asked Sara.

"No darling, I believe I am hornier than you, since I am the one with the horn.

"Paul please suck my tits?" asked Sara.

She was seated across the room and I got up and put my arms under hers and got her standing. We both walked to the bedroom and I was able to free her from the dress leaving her in panties and a bra. I removed the bra and stepped back. Sara's breasts were full, and her nipples looked red and angry. I used my thumb and stroked her nipples while I kissed her.

"You madam are the most beautiful woman in the world."

"Thank you, Paul, but I know it's the wine talking," said Sara before my mouth covered hers.

I continued to kiss her using my tongue to probe her mouth. My hands massaged her breasts. I pulled away and moved down to her mound. Sara got on the bed and spread her legs inviting me to suck on her pussy.

"Your problem is finding a way to get my panties off while still massaging my tits, that is the task, darling," said Sara.

I paused for a moment to assess the situation. Sara brought her hands up and covered mine and moved my hands over her tits. I guess my mouth was the only implement I had available. I grabbed the elastic in my teeth and started to pull down. When I released the waistband, it returned to the original position.

"Come on Darling I know you can do it. And don't stop massaging my tits."

While I continued to massage my lover's mounds I paused and thought about my next maneuver. Again, my head went down, and my mouth caught the elastic in her panties. The smell of her sex was intoxicating. In a final effort where I almost lost contact with her tits I pulled the waist and felt the elastic clear her cheeks, exposing her mound. My tongue found her slit and I started to work on her vulva. Sara's hands grasp my head and she tried to direct my tongue, but I fought her movements. I stood and lost my clothes freeing my cock. Sara started to talk but my mouth covered hers and we kissed. My cock found her slit and I pressed and gained the entrance.

"You were going to say something, darling?" I said.

"I was going to ask you to put your cock in my pussy, but you beat me to it, but sir I want a good fuck."

"Yes, Your Grace."

My mouth found the left breast and I tongued the nipple as I moved my cock in and out of her pussy. I was concentrating on making sure that my partner was getting pleasure. I pushed hard and felt my cock explode, I kissed her letting my tongue paint her teeth. We both relaxed and I climbed though the alcoholic fog and remembered that Sara was a beautiful woman. I lay with my head just below her breasts. I could hear her heart through her chest. There was a thumping on the top of my head.

"Earth to Paul, Earth to Paul?"

"Yes, Darling, what would you like, other than a martini?"

"A kiss would be nice; can you manage that?"

"Anytime," I said as I moved toward her mouth stopping at one of her breasts for a quick nip before our mouths met. I loved kissing Sara. I loved making love to her. I felt her hand begin to massage my cock trying to bring it to an erection. I probed her mouth with my tongue. We finally broke our kiss and I moved to one of her breasts.

"I love you Mr. Rogers."

"That's good I love you too, Lady Sara."

I moved and brought my cock to the entrance of her pussy, and then thought that I should make it a game. I wasn't really hard so a little of Sara's tongue would go a long way toward making me ready to fuck my lover.

"What are you waiting for, darling?" asked Sara.

I rolled over on my back and watched as my cock laid on my stomach.

"I have a task for you, using only your mouth, and not touching my body make my cock hard," I said.

Sara got up on her elbows suspending herself over me. She looked into my eyes; "What do I get If I succeed?"

"A good fucking, and I will think of something else, because I love you."

Sara put her hands on each side of my pelvis and was about to maneuver her mouth to my cock.

"No Darling you can only touch me with your mouth. Hands off."

Sara got between my legs and opened them wide. Putting her hands beside my body she leaned down and took one of my balls in her mouth. She sucked on my nuts one at a time. The feeling started to energize my cock. Her tongue started to paint my shaft. With each stroke I felt myself getting more excited. She continued and finally captured the tip in her mouth. She then moved her head up and down bringing me to a full hard-on. She positioned her slit over my cock and used her hand to direct it into her pussy and let herself down on my pole. We both relaxed for a moment before she started to move.

"All right mister, I want my fuck, mum mum mum," said Sara as I covered her mouth with mine.

Even though she was on top I was able to move my cock in and out of her pussy. Sara began to move with me and we both started to laugh. I kissed her and we moved to our side allowing me greater access to move my cock. I controlled my movements hoping she would climax before I did. Sara brought her mouth to mine and used her tongue to explore my mouth. She licked my upper palate, trying to stimulate me.

I felt Sara's breathing deepen and her vagina clamped on my penis. She went stiff and then relaxed. I kissed her again while I drilled her pussy. I felt relief as my cock shot a load. We both embraced and started to laugh. I finally fell out of her and we both kissed.

Neither one of us could fight the need for sleep and we both drifted off. There was some noise in the house, and I looked at the clock seeing that it was 7:00 in the morning. I remembered that I got a text from the cleaning service saying that they would be cleaning the house today, so I needed to be presentable. I showered and dressed and walked out to the kitchen to grab something to eat. William was standing in the kitchen putting things in the dishwasher. On the table was a sweet roll and a glass of orange juice.

"I heard you washing so I got this for you," said William.

"Thank you," I said as I sat down. "Where is Her Grace?"

"Her Grace got a call from her father and she needed to go to the ranch this morning," said William.

"Did she drive herself?"

"No sir I took her to the airport a Helicopter was arranged, and she flew up. You were sleeping soundly. She told me to tell you that there was an email to you explaining. She will return this evening, I think."

I finished the sweet roll, thanked William and headed to my office. I opened my email app and read Sara's message.

"I tried to wake you up, but it was impossible. Father called while you were dressing last night; and wanted me to go to the ranch to take care of some personnel issues. I'm firing the manager. I hope that I can return this evening if not it will be tomorrow.

You are not off the hook sir; you will meet with the agent at the house today. Call her to make arrangements.

Hugs and Kisses

Sara"

Well I am glad that I did not have to accompany Sara for that trip. Though I wondered what transgression would require the sacking of the ranch manager. I am sure that Sara will tell me the details when she returned.

I pulled the business card of the real estate agent and called her number. I arranged for another showing and headed to the address. The meeting was profitable as I found out that the property was on the market for over a year and the sellers were motivated. She said that they would entertain an offer lower than their asking price. I needed to consult with Sara, but I said that we would get back to her.

On the way back to my home I started to think what it would take for us to live in the place. Sara would want one full time staff, and we would need a landscape company to keep the grounds up. William was attached to Sara's family and he was mostly a driver/security guard.

When I got back, I checked the web site of the tax office to see what the taxes were. The amount was eye popping. These were the issues that I wanted to bring up with Sara. I doubted that it would make any difference, but I needed to bring it up to her.

It was seven o'clock when the door opened, and Sara walked in William was following behind.

"Martini please William. Where are you darling?" Sara called out.

I walked into the kitchen from the pool and into her outstretched arms. Our mouths met in a long kiss. I could smell a combination aviation fuel and ranch odor on her. William approached with her cocktail and handed it to her. She took a long swig and set the glass down on the counter.

"Sorry that I left before you got up, but the problem at the ranch has been building for about a month. I had to keep quiet in case word got to Miller. Father called last night asking me to fly to the ranch. He can arrange anything. My sister and brother-in-law were still in the states and converged on the ranch. We found out that the manager was cooking the books, that was why I was called to London after our Mexican trip.

He was sacked and escorted off the property in to the waiting arms of the county sheriff. Father determined that he had fleeced the company of over a million dollars. Cameron and Fiona are still at the ranch sorting things out."
