 Okay, so be gentle! This is my first story, and it all kind of randomly came together, while I was driving home from work. It's not true, although I totally wish it were. Names have been changed, because, well, I think that's what you're supposed to do when you write something like this... Conceal their identities or something?? 

All of this came from my brain! If it sounds like someone else's... whelp, that's awkward.

ENJOY MY FANTASIES!




Ashley started off at a jog as she passed her mailbox. She's home for the summer, and although Zumba is fun, she still feels the need to run. Her feet hit the pavement at a faster speed as she matched her pace to the tempo of the music from her ipod. 

Ashley was never considered a looker back in high school, and only had one boyfriend. They dated for three years, and she was devastated when they broke up. Moving away to a different state for college was good for her. She ended up going to University of Alabama on a full ride for architecture. She was now 20, 5'5'', 135 lbs, 34 C breasts, blonde, and frequented the party scene on a regular basis. Not Barbie-perfect, but Ash had gotten used to getting what she wanted on the sexual front.

Imagining her last escapade with one of her lovers from school, Jared, Ashley's mind was in the gutter and everywhere else except right in front of her. She ran into someone hard as a brick, and fell over them onto the pavement. She could feel blood pooling in her palms from breaking her fall. She stood up way too quickly, still hyped up from her run, and the world got blurry.

After refocusing her eyes, she looked at the poor sucker she'd run over. It was Christian. Christian was two years younger than she, and had been considered the player of Dulmoth High. He looked great, muscular as ever, typical tall, dark, and handsome. Only his eyes brought you back from his body, always a piercing green. Ashley had always drooled over him when he went running around their neighborhood, staring out her bedroom window as she slowly rubbed her damp panties.

"Ch....Chris?"

"Yep, that's me alright, how ya doin?" His southern drawl always gave her goosebumps.

"Its me, Ashley, from high school? I was in marching band for like, 4 years?" He finally took her all in. Ashley suddenly realized that she was in Nike shorts and a sports bra. Her cheeks burned pink as his eyes stopped at her nipples, which she knew were standing at attention in the breeze.

"Dear lord, Ash, you're all grown up! Where ya been all this time?" His eyes kept roaming over her body. "Oh, shit! Ash, your hands!" Ashley registered concern in his voice, before she felt the slight burn and throbbing in her palms. She finally looked down and saw blood drop to the pavement.

She gave him a pathetic smile, "I guess I should start paying attention more often, huh?"

He sidestepped her, and gentle pressed his palm to the arch of her back. If only he knew the sparks that his fingertips sent through her. Ashley could feel herself dampen. "Nonsense, it was all my fault. Let me bandage you all up. I'd be a terrible gentleman, if I left a lady in distress on the street."

She followed him up his driveway. His hand never leaving her back. Ashley couldn't help but notice that Chris's smile never left his face, even when he was fumbling for his house keys.

Once inside, he sat her down on the counter to find the first aid. She looked around, wondering where his parents were. It was the middle of the week, and he was only 18, fresh out of high school. When Chris came back with the bandages, she started to ask the question that'd been bugging her when he answered it for her.

"My folks are out of town for a few days....." he said as he wrapped her hand. "If you were curious." The realization that they were alone hit Ashley, as soon as he winked at her.

Ashley looked at his face, his eyes were still on her hands, although they weren't bandaging them anymore. His hands left hers and moved to her hips. Chris's eyes finally met hers. She was suddenly very happy that she had gotten that Brazilian her sister had talked about.

Their lips crashed together. Her hands flew to his neck, his back, his chest, his abs... always wanting more. Chris broke the kiss for only a few seconds to remove his shirt. Before he could assault her lips again, she jumped off the counter. Giving him a sexy grin, she dashed out through the backdoor. The last thing she saw was disbelief tinged with determination.

Her head swimming, Ashley stripped down and slipped into Chris's family's hot tub. He came outside, tan abs in full glory. His eyes settled on her, sending a shiver up her spine. She bit her lip, and motioned with her head for him to join her. He jumped in, splashing her in the face. She had just rubbed the water from her eyes, when she felt his lips on her nipple.

He rolled it between his teeth expertly, fondling her other breast with his fingertips. She moaned and arched her back, pressing her body closer to his. After alternating to the other breast, Ashley was sure, she was on the edge. She has been turned on as soon as she saw him on the street. She pushed him off of her. She shoved him into the other corner. 

"I hope you don't mind..." she said as she straddled him. She smiled broadly as she felt his cock stiffen to attention. "I like to take control." She could feel him smiling as her lips crashed into his. She bit his lip hard enough to make him jump. Sucking on it to ease the pain, she finally let her hands wander. Feeling his stomach contract with his breath and trail of goosebumps she left behind. Her hands hit the edge of his shorts. She reached in and gently started to pump the shaft of his dick. She broke the kiss, to bite his neck. "Get up on the edge."

He looked at her quizzically, but followed her instructions. She pulled his shorts down as he got up. Before he could even sit down, she sucked the head of his beautiful cock into her mouth. She filled as much as she could, until she couldn't take anymore, before she started to bob her head up and down. He had to be at least 8 inches in length. Ashley was having trouble getting it all in. She took special care of the head, leaving a trail of spit in her wake. Chris's hands grabbed her hair, fucking her mouth. She looked up at him, as he closed his eyes and moaned. His perfect full lips were parted just slightly, and a light sheen of sweat had broken out on his forehead.

She wanted him to cum inside her, though. There was nothing that got her off more than feeling a man's seed fill her to the brim. She kissed his balls, and stood up. Chris's eyes eating her up. She straddled him, his member at her entrance. He moaned again, louder, as some of her precum dribbled down and landed on his cock. 

"Fuck me harder than you dare, because I want you to break me." Chris looked into Ashley's hard eyes. With that, he shoved his full length into her. She moaned out of pain and pleasure. She began to bounce up and down, her boobs moving with her. He found her clit and rubbed it gently.

He would pull out almost all the way, just leaving the tip, and shoving it back in. Rotating her hips, she met each thrust with her own, causing it to be more fierce each time. Ashley's moans were louder and longer now. She wasn't even aware of Chris trembling under her. She felt his cock twitch inside her, knowing what was coming next, she smiled. 

Chris moaned like a tortured animal as he came inside of Ashley. She clenched her pussy walls and felt each twitch, as she finally climaxed. Her own moans joining Chris. They slide from the wall of the hot tub, into the water. Still sitting on him, Ashley put her head on his shoulder as he wrapped his arms around her.

"So, what college are you thinking about going to in the fall?" She asked breathlessly.

"I go to orientation for University of Alabama in a week."

Ashley grinned and grabbed his hair, as she bit his ear. "Can't wait to see you on campus."