 Sara and I took a clothing optional; hell, it was a nude catamaran cruse on the last day of our Baja adventure. The crew let us play with them and I ravished four centerfold quality women. No actual sex but a lot of playing around. I think that this was the first time Sara did any girl on girl maneuvers. There were times that I wished that I had my cellphone to document our adventure. Our car was delivered to Ensenada where the boat dropped us off. 

After an early dinner we drove back toward the US border and was surprised at how easy it was to get through. I did a double take when Sara pulled out a US Passport. After we cleared the border checkpoint, she explained that she has dual citizenship. She said that it was a long story. We stopped in San Diego and headed toward LA the next morning. While on the road Sara took a call asking her to return home to consult on some legal matters. She tried to handle it over the phone but realized that she needed to be there. 

She and William left from LAX's private terminal two days later. We kept up a torrid correspondence, writing each other every day. I had to admit that I did miss her. I enjoyed her presence, and not just for sex. I believe that we were developing a real relationship. 

I plunged in to the producer's roll in Bret's project. My first task was trying to find an old train terminal to be used as a set in one of the scenes. Sometimes the days were twelve hours long. I enjoyed the producing but secretly I longed to be sitting behind a computer putting things together.

Like many nights, I got home after stopping for take-out and opened my computer and logged into my new email account. The one that Sara and I communicate on. Right on time there was a new message from Her Grace.

"Darling, 

Can't you convince that slave driver Bret that you need to scout locations in England? I wake up nights wanting just one hand wrapped around your lovely cock. I want to lick the pre-cum off your crown; my tongue lightly grazing the tip. I want your cock inside of my pussy and our pubic hairs mingling as you ream my cunt until I scream. 

I am so sad that we are not together. I try to make my evening martini, but it is not the same as yours, darling. If you will not cum here  I guess I will need to return to LA. Prepare for battle Mr. Rogers, sharpen your sword, gird up your loins; make whatever preparations you must. I will demand the best of your cock, Champagne and Gin. Good sex will also be required, you understand that you can't touch another woman. I will find out. 

There you have your orders be waiting for more information later.

All my love 

Sara"

I replied:

"To Her Grace Sara Countess of Redding

Please come here as soon as you can I need you beside me in our bed. I want to finger your cunt while I suck your breast. My mouth belongs on your beautiful pussy, my tongue in your twat. You will be no match for me as I plunge my cock in your love hole. After I reem your pussy; you will beg for mercy from the relentless strokes of my iron cock. Only then will I allow you the pleasure of cumming. Only after I drown your pussy with my jis, will you be allowed to beg for an orgasm.

My tongue wants to bring your nipples to a full erection, so I can feel them against my body. You will be directed to suck on my cock to bring it to full power, so I can repeat the process. 

All of my Love 

JP Rogers.

I hit the send button and waited to see if she would reply. After a short time, my screen disappeared and was replaced by a picture of a large female breasts. The camera was moved and there was the image of a topless Sara Solsbery on my screen. 

"Darling do not write like that again or I will need to change my bed. I came as I read your reply."

I stood and dropped my pants and underwear and displayed what she was missing. 

"Got to go Darling, keep writing."

Her image disappeared and was replaced by my desktop picture, which was her portrait. I opened dinner and started to work on one of my current issues. Bret and the director were casting my episode and I checked the headshots for the candidates. I made some recommendations and sent them to Bret. 

7:00 am would be coming soon so I went to bed after disposing the dinner containers. I looked at my laundry basket and planned to take it to the wash and fold place near my home. I got in bed and remembered that I put two drops of Sara's perfume on the pillow that she uses to reminded me of her. 

My phone started to beep and vibrate. I thought that it would be Bret, but a familiar English accent assaulted my ear. 

"Darling. I am over here thinking of you and wishing you were next to me. Every time I see your name in my inbox, I stain my panties."

"When are you returning?"

"I am needed over there in two weeks. We are deposing folks and they think that I am better at questioning people."

"Well I would not want to be looking at you across a conference table," I said with a small laugh.

"Mr. Rogers I will get my chance at you one of these days, and you will not like the stress I would put you through," replied Sara also with a laugh. 

"I am imagining that I am between your legs and my mouth is covering your pussy; my tongue is probing your every crack and fisher; my hands are busy bringing your nipples to pencil eraser hardness. I display my hard cock but keep you away from it until I am ready."

Sara interrupted "Darling, that is nice, but you know that it will never happen, my mouth will find your tool and you will not get it back until it is drained completely. Continue on with your fantasy Paul, remember who the Countess is."

We both laughed at each other and I stroked my hard cock hoping that I would not need to change the bed sheets. Sara disconnected and I turned the lights off and laid on my hard-on trying to fall asleep.

Bret and I plus the other members of the production team continued to work. Principal photography was scheduled to begin in a month and we still needed to find another location. While Bret wrote most of the scripts, she found several experienced writers to help with changes and they started to send updates. 

My going home was stopping by one of several take-out joints and eating alone. I usually had an email from Sara to stimulate me but not having her near me was becoming a drag. The defendant depositions were rescheduled several times and she chose to stay at home until needed. She was constantly encouraging me to make a trip to England, but I just could not swing it. 

Bret noticed and threatened to fire me if I did not get my head in the game. She was only kidding but she was right. I owed her my best as a friend. I guess that virtual sex would have to do until either there was a break in my schedule or Sara came over to work her case. 

The production finally started shooting and I spent several days on location making sure that the production went smoothly. The team was taking the weekend off, so I decided to travel home. I pulled into my drive way, pulled the bundle of laundry that I retrieved from the wash and fold service, and walked into the house. I looked around to see if anything was not the way I left it. Since Sara has a key she could come in while I was away. Her constant admonitions about locking my door jolted me from my daydream. I set the laundry down and put my computer on my table. Then walked to the door and locked the dead bolt.

I opened my special account to see if Her Grace the Countess had any news. There was a message with an attachment. I thought it was a photo, but it was something like a crossword puzzle. I did research on codes and this was a letter substitution code based on a square. I figured out the puzzle and the message told me to go to an address in the Malibu hills. I called her Mobil as she calls it and got the answering system. It was late and I was tired, so I resolved to show up tomorrow. 

I finally got out of the house after ten the next day and traveled to the address from the message. The house was large and was like a fortress. I knocked on the door and explained to the person that answered I was looking for Sara Solsbery.

"Her Grace the Countess is sitting by the pool if you will follow me."

I was not announced and walked into the pool area similar to the pool we had at the Mexican Villa Sara was laying on a lounge with a martini glass and pitcher next to her. She was naked but wearing large gaudy dark sunglasses, that I had to admit were sexy. I stood away from her, she took a drink but did not notice me. 

"Juan, would you please spread more sun block on my back?"

"Who is Juan Sara?"

Sara was startled when I replied and almost jumped off the lounge. She walked over and kissed me. With her hands she explored my crotch to see if I was excited. Sara was completely naked. The only way I could feel is excited. She broke the kiss and stepped back and got on the lounge again.

Who is Juan, darling have you found a replacement?"

"Juan is the new William."

"Your Grace is this man bothering you would you like him removed?"

"No Juan I am fine." Speaking to me "He is a little rough around the edges needs a bit of training. You sir are overdressed." 

I sat on a chair next to Sara and poured myself a drink from the pitcher. After taking a sip I poured the rest on the concrete deck.

"Darling I told you that I can't find anyone as good as you to make my martinis."

Sara's hand started to play with my zipper and she finally freed my cock and had it pocking out of the fly. I stood and dropped my pants and underwear, feeling silly having my clothes gathered at my ankles. Sara stood and stepped on my pants so I could not move, and she grasp my cock in her lovely hands and gently stroked it.

I lifted her leg off of my clothing and pulled my underwear and pants up. 

"You are no fun," said Sara 

"Darling, I would love to make love to you, but I would rather do it in a bed; away from the prying eyes of paparazzi. A photo of us making love would not do your case and good.

"I guess you're right, Darling," said Sara pouting 

"Whose place is this?"

"Mother and Father's American headquarters. I decided to spend a few days here before I get down to business."

When asked why she did not use the house before, she explained that her parents had rented the house to a friend who was in the states getting medical care. "The gentleman is in an extended stay hospital. His son and daughter-n-law needed to return to Britain and did not need the house."

"Your Grace Lunch is ready I added a place for the Gentleman," announced the lady butler.

Sara stood and waited for the butler to drape the robe over her body. We followed her into the dining room and waited to be served.

"Darling I did not know if you were going to make it here, so I was going to eat by myself."

I told her that I figured the puzzle out last night, but I was just off the road and decided to come over today. I also mentioned that when I tried to call her, I got the answering system. 

"Darling you are just not insistent enough; I usually don't answer until the second attempt."

Lunch was nice and it was good to have something other than "Craft Services." I kept thinking about what the robe covered and desperately wanted to get her in bed. Sara wanted to string out lunch making me wait as long as possible. I felt her foot in my crotch teasing me. The server brought a selection of Fruit and Sara continued to play footsy with me, as she slowly pealed one piece of fruit after another. 

"It is for you own good, Darling it will make you want it more," said Sara as she popped another piece of fruit in her mouth. 

"I want it now, darling."

"You've waited for three months what's another hour as we relax and talk."

A bottle of Champagne was brought in to accompany the fruit. The wine would cool my ardor. Sara moved the robe letting me peek in. My cock was straining against my pants and she made sure that it was tweaked from time to time. 

"That is what you get when you stop me out by the pool, I am really enjoying the torture I am putting you through," she said with a slight laugh.

"Your Grace the bed is pulled down," said the butler.

Sara rose but motioned that I was to stay where I was. "You know the drill, darling I will call you when I am ready."

Around ten minutes later the butler tapped me on the shoulder "Sir if you follow the hallway to the end you will find Her Grace."

I got up and strode the carpeted hall to a French Door and almost pulled the doors off their hinges. The Countess was in bed reclining on a massive number of pillows. Her beautiful breasts on display.

I quickly got out of my clothes and got between her legs. We kissed a long, wet, full of tongue kiss. It did not take long for my cock to invade her pussy and we continued kissing while I fucked my lover. I tried to hold off, but I climaxed in what felt like a fire hose. 

After I fell out of Sara, she kissed me, we were on our sides looking at each other. 

"Darling, I was hoping for a little longer, but I guess anything is better nothing."

"Countess, my apologies but my emotion took over I could not hold on."

Sara moved her hand down to my cock and began to massage it back to life. We moved together and kissed, with Sara continuing to massage my cock. 

"Darling, can you rescue me from this gilded cage?" ask Sara.

I moved away and looked at her. 

"Everything I do here is reported back to Mother and Father. I took the liberty of having my luggage moved to your house this morning, I have a key you know."

"I can't say no, darling, but I am still wondering why you want to leave a house with staff ready to do your bidding at a moment's notice."

"Is wanting to be close to you bad?"

"No, I want to be near to you all the time," I replied.

Sara moved down to my cock, and I soon felt her tongue working it over. I forgot how good she was when she sucked on my tool. I responded by becoming hard again and Sara directed me in her pussy.

"Now make it last a little longer sir," she said while she kissed my ear. 

I maneuvered us so I could be on top and started to move in and out of her silky pussy. My head rested between her breasts and my hands massaged her globes. 

"Darling, please kiss me?"

Our mouths met and we exchanged tongues, I captured hers and kept it as my prize. Sara's breathing picked up and I felt her body stiffen as she climaxed for the first time. I kissed her ear licking the earlobe.

"That's one darling," I said as I continued to fuck my lover.

"Please hold me tight!"

My arms encircled her, and we continued kissing as I continued to move my cock in and out. I felt the extra fluid, generated by her climax. I suddenly pulled out and moved down to her pussy and breathed in our sexuality. My tongue touched her labia and she jumped. My mouth found her clit and I sucked on her little cock my tongue brushing lightly over it. 

"No, no, no," Sara said half breathing half talking. 

That reaction caused me to suck even harder, I wanted to bring her off again and then again.

Sara relaxed and I mounted her again and kissed her. I kissed her mouth and then each ear applying lots of tongue.

"Mr. Rogers, I love you," said Sara between breaths. 

I brought one of her breasts to my mouth and sucked on the nipple and pulled on the other. I jerked and felt my cock release.

"You're good darling," said Sara.

We held on to each other. I kissed Sara everywhere I could think of, but I paid more attention to her pussy. I could feel her climax even without my cock in her twat. I was kissing her pussy when she rained on me. 

I was drained and it would be awhile before I could make love again, though I desperately wanted to. Sara got up from the bed and went to the bathroom. When she returned, she opened a door and pulled a bottle of Champagne from a small fridge. 

Even in the subdued light of the room Sara was beautiful. She brought a glass to me and we both enjoyed the wine. There was a sitting area at the foot of the bed and we both moved there. She poured the wine and we drank for about an hour. She continued to play with my cock and was finally beginning to show signs of life.

"Darling I would love another round of sex, if you are up for it?" I asked knowing the answer. 

Sara took my wrist and directed me to the bed. I looked back at the table not believing we drank two bottles of Champagne. Sara directed my attention to her; she found my cock and quickly imprisoned it in her mouth. I tried to gain my release, but she was determined to keep her advantage. Finally, she rose off my stiff cock and directed it into her pussy and kissed me. 

"Remember sir who is the Countess around here."

Sara moved her body up and down my pole trying to break down my defenses. 

"I don't believe I have told you that I love you enough today," I said between breaths. 

Sara started moving faster and I could feel my impending orgasm. She suddenly stopped and kissed me. She waved her left hand in front of my face "Words are inexpensive sir." She kissed me again and started to ride my pole. I jerked several times feeling my cock explode in her pussy. We kissed again. My hands were free, so I began to massage her breasts feeling nipples become erect.

I slipped out of her pussy and moved between her legs. My tongue explored her pussy and lightly brushed her clit causing a rise. 

"Darling I am up here," said Sara.

I reluctantly moved away from her pussy, but our mouths met in a long kiss, my hands tweaking her breasts. The phone on the side table rang jolting us out of our revere. I moved away so Sara could use the phone. I listened to one side of the conversation. 

"Yes Mrs. Johnson I don't think we will be needing anything. Mr. Rogers and I will be going out for dinner."

"I guess that I have my marching orders," I said when Sara put the phone down. 

Sara moved toward me and our lips met. "You are not going anywhere Mr. Rogers. I need another fuck sir and you are the only man that can do it properly."

"Like I said I have my marching orders," I said just as I felt her hand grasp my cock. 

"I am glad that you understand, darling," said Sara as I moved over her and let her guide my cock into her pussy. 

It was the wrong time, but I started to think again about our relationship. What did this woman want from me? But then I concentrated on making love to her and slowly moved in and out of her pussy. It was wet and warm and felt amazing. I saw her begin to breath hard, so I slowed down. My brain was telling me to work harder, but I kept control until I felt her release in a long climax. 

I then moved my cock in and out harder and faster. Reaching down between us to massage her clit hoping she would cum again. Sara's hands directed my head to hers and we kissed. A long kiss while I was fucking my beautiful Countess. I finally could not hold back any longer and felt my cock release, causing me to go limp. 

I felt myself drop out of Sara and sat up looking at the beautiful woman beside me. I tweaked her nipples got out of bed and stretched. I heard a clicking noise and looked at Sara with her mobile up to her face.

"I wanted to remember what a real man looked like," Said Sara as she snapped a few more photos.

I moved toward a door hoping for the bathroom and was directed to the one on the left. I returned after taking care of business, leaned down and kissed my lover. 

"Darling, no snide comments that was the best fuck I have ever had."

I kissed her again and her hand moved to my cock. Grasping her wrist, I removed it, and continued kissing her. 

"Sara, I need to rest, and there is a lady that needs to be taken to dinner." I said when she looked, like she was going to pout. 

"Well I can't go out looking like this, give me a few minutes to get ready."
