 While each story in this series can stand on its own, I would like to explain who the characters are and how they met. John Paul Rogers is a film editor, scriptwriter, Producer and now Director. Sara Jane Solsbery/Countess of Redding is a London Barrister/Attorney. The two met on an island in the Caribbean when they were on Vacation. (Dreaming in the Shower) The met for a second time when Sara arrived to do some legal work in LA. Fast forward a few years and they are now engaged. 

I walked into the house after meeting with Bret about directing the sixth episode. Sara was sitting with a woman that I did not recognize at first, but then realized it was the realtor.

“You’re back, darling Charlene came by to discuss putting an offer on the house,” said Sara as she embraced me.

It looked like we were going to try to buy the house, Sara was in her element in the two plus years that we have been together, I only got hints of how she handled numbers. The two women seemed like they were joined telepathically. Charlene made a suggestion and Sara countered. Eventually there was a coming together on a number and Charlene said the she would present our offer. Sara and I signed the form and Charlene left to fax it to the owner’s representative.

“Bret will need to put a new ruby on her ring,” I said.

“Yes, darling I know, she’s pregnant.”

“How do you know?” I asked.

“Did you see her at the birthday celebration, non-alcoholic cocktail, sips of wine and champagne; I put two and two together. Plus, she told me when we were on the phone, the day she offered you the shot at directing.”

“Darling, you are an amazing woman.”

“I know darling, I am surprised you are just finding out,” Sara said as she smiled.

I leaned over and put my lips on her cheek,

“Paul, William will be here soon because, I am taking you out,”

“What is the occasion?”

“To celebrate your being named episode six director.”

Out of the corner of my eye I saw the big Land Rover pull into the driveway. Sara got up and found her purse and motioned to come. I followed her out the door pausing to set the alarm and lock the door. I held the rear passenger door for her and followed. I assumed that the place had been picked out, so I sat back and relaxed. I was jolted when Sara began to massage my privates.

“Paul, you need a new car,” said Sara.

This came out of nowhere, but she was right my old Explorer was showing its age. But I was not going to cave without a fight. I began to go through my arguments before I spoke. I was ready to argue, when Sara leaned over and kissed me and continued to massage my manhood.

“There that should keep you quiet. I think a Maserati Levant would fit you,” she said as she kissed me again.

This was spinning out of control, first the house and now a just under 100K automobile.

“Actually darling, I was thinking about a Cadillac SUV.”

“Good, find one and we will buy it,” said Sara.

“William, will you help me get out of this evil woman’s clutches?”

William was silent but I saw a smile reflected in the rearview mirror.

“Darling what on earth are you talking about,” said Sara as she continued to work on my privates.

Someone should write a romcom about us,” I said.

“Sounds like your next project, make it full of twists and turns, and lots of sex, before the principals get married,” Sara replied.

We finished dinner and I thanked Sara for the treat. Back in the car I found out that Sara conspired with William to stop by a Cadillac dealership after dinner. We walked among the cars trailed by a sales woman, and I found a red model that caught my attention.

“Paul, tell the woman that you will take that one, I love your choice.”

I hugged Sara and whispered, “please settle down.”

I opened the passenger door and allowed Sara to get in I got in the driving position and allowed the sales person to demonstrate the features and she got in the back seat and I started the engine and took the car around the block. I parked the car near the entrance of the dealership, and we got out. I shook the woman’s hand, got her card, and said that I would get back to her. I put my arm around Sara’s waist, and we walked toward the Land Rover with William waiting.

The woman walked up and asked what it would take for us to purchase the car. “Take ten thousand off the price and we will talk,”

Sara was about to speak but the expression on my face silenced her. The woman looked at me and came back with a figure that made sense. We walked with the woman into the office and sat with her and the “Sale Manager” who was there to close the deal. Sara was unusually silent during the negotiations. We agreed on the price and the extras, and I signed an offer sheet. I promised to bring my old Explorer the title and my financing.

Sara and I walked back to the car; William was holding the door. I waited for Sara to get in and I followed her, William closed the door, and took the driver’s position.

“So, you know how to drive a hard bargain, what other talents do you have?”

“Lady Sara you have seen all of my talents,” I said.

“Darling, I don’t believe that, you have been hiding things from me.”

William pulled into the driveway and he opened the door and waited for Sara to exit the car. We walked toward the back yard. Out of the corner of my eye I saw William pull out leaving us alone. We walked into the patio and sat watching the pool. Sara explained her plans for the new backyard that included a pool at the new house. I pointed out that we had just put in a bid and that we did not have the house yet. I was also thinking about the cost, which seemed to be growing with every idea Sara had.

“Darling I like the new car, but I would have like us to look at other brands.”

“You told me you like the Cadillac?”

“I do darling, but I want you to be happy.”

“Sara, believe me I would not be any happier with another SUV.”

I got up and started to walk into the kitchen. I grabbed the gin and vermouth. I mixed the two of us a martini and brought the two cocktails out to the pool. Sara took a sip and smiled, moved her hand over to me and started to stroke my thigh.

“I think that we will love our new house, darling.”

I remained silent but I agreed a new place would be good for me. The decision for me was do I sell the place or become a landlord. I watched the moon rise over the neighborhood casting a gray light in addition to the lights in the area. Sara took another sip from the drink and held the empty glass in front of me.

I rose and walked back to the kitchen and poured her another drink. I walked back and set the glass down on the table between us. She resumed her stroking my leg but keeping her distance from my cock. My manhood was feeling good and wanted her to work over my cock. Sara took another sip of her drink and moved back to my leg. She leaned over and kissed me. Her hand worked on my zipper and pulled my cock free.

“Paul what is wrong? You don’t seem to be interested in me, darling?”

My cock was standing straight up pointing to the sky, as she massaged it with her fingers.

“Darling I want to kiss your cock will you let me?” asked Sara

“Sara, I don’t think that I am in a position to object.”

Sara slipped off her lounge and bent down bringing her lips to the tip of my cock. I saw the tip of her tongue start to paint the crown of my penis. I felt bad that I couldn’t reciprocate I would have loved to either suck on her cunt or on her tits.

Sara put my cock back in my pants and pulled the zipper up. I was wondering why she was ending the session. She moved back to the lounge and took the final sip from her cocktail. Her hand with the empty glass waived in front of me indicating that she wanted another. She had had enough. I got out of the lounge, this time I grabbed her wrist and pulled her to her feet and into my arms. We walked into the house and continued to the bedroom. Sara was about to object when I leaned over and kissed her again. This time my hand moved down to her flanks and I massaged her tight butt.

Sara moved away and headed to the bedroom. She wagged her finger at me indicating that she would call me. About five minutes later “Paul” erupted from the bedroom. I walked in and found Sara on the bed her tits on display.

“Sir, I am not happy with you. No drink and a demand for sex, who do you think you are?”

“I am your almost husband and I love you, darling.”

“Get in here and put your cock in my cunt, Sir.”

I lost my clothes and slipped in to the bed next to her. I bent over her and began to suck on her beautiful breasts. I moved over more, and my cock found her pussy and I slipped inside. Being in Sara even when she was pouty, was great. Out lips met in one of our long-wet kisses. I moved in and out slowly wanting to extend our session out several minutes. Sara’s breathing deepened, and her moans became louder as she climaxed and relaxed.

I kept fucking her, and massaging her breasts hoping for an encore. My brain went off and I felt my cock shoot in her pussy.

“Sir, I require a minimum of three.”

“Yes, your grace.”

My cock went flaccid and I withdrew it from her. Sara put her hand around it and massaged the shaft trying to bring on a new erection. I kissed her hopping she would continue.

“Thank you darling, for kicking me in the ass to get a new car.” I said.

“Paul, style and appearance matters, and a director can’t drive a fifteen-year-old beat up SUV. You have to inspire confidence. I know that you like to play the long-haired hermit behind the computer screen, but those days are over.”

Sara was right; I was pledged to marry a member of the British nobility and rich social-lite. I had to be a part of her world. It was nice to have people you could trust around helping. I remembered when William chased off the photographer, and there were some other incidents when I was glad, he was around. I kissed her again and slipped under the sheets and began to suck on her vulva. My cock was showing signs of getting hard again.

“Don’t start what you can’t finish,” said Sara.

I kissed my way up to her mouth and slipped my cock into her cunt. My hands started to massage her breasts.

“Darling, I know that I can finish this.”

We both laughed and I began to fuck my lover. I sucked her lower lip into my mouth and then kissed her again. I felt a crisis coming on to her again and I waited until it passed. When she relaxed I started again. I quickly moved my cock in and out of her pussy, my mouth on one of her breasts, tonguing her nipple. She came for the magic third time and I also let go. We kissed our tongues fighting for position. I fell out of her and relaxed. Sara drifted off to sleep and I soon followed her.

We were sitting at the breakfast table a few days later, when Sara’s mobile started to vibrate. It had been ringing since six AM with her brother-in-law or sister calling about the situation at the ranch. This time the display had the real estate agent’s name on the display. Sara hit the answer button and put the phone in speaker mode.

“Ms. Solsbery, I wanted to let you know that the owners accepted you and Mr. Rogers bid on the house.”

Paul is here with me and we are both very happy,” said Sara.

She went on to describe the next steps in the process. We would need to put down earnest money to lock the deal, get a down payment and financing and an inspection. She wanted to meet the next day to work on the details. We agreed to meet her the next morning at her office. Sara closed the connection and I kissed her.

“Darling you just enjoy that,” said Sara when we broke.

“Any law against kissing my fiancé?”

“No darling, none at all.”

Sara looked at her watch and calculated the time difference between LA and London; “Got to call Father to get the financing moving.”

I gave her a strange look: “Darling, the family owns a US bank.”

Sara got up and walked to the bedroom that she was using for an office. She emerged a half hour later walked over and kissed me again.

“Darling put on something nice we have an appointment with a banker at the First National at 1:00, we need to make a good impression.”

I dressed in appropriate clothing, then went back to the room that I was using for my office and started making notes about Sara’s and my relationship. Sara said that I should write a screenplay about us, so I needed to get started. A few hours later Sara knocked on the door and reminded me about the appointment with the bank.

“Do I need to bring any income documentation?” I asked through the door.

I opened the door and found Sara standing at the doorway. She leaned over and kissed me. Her hand fumbling for my privates.

“Paul, the family has already checked you out all we are going to do is sign the loan documents.”

I had a slight feeling of being violated but I knew that Mr. Solsbery had his sources of information. I had a feeling that if I did not measure up that our relationship would have ended a long time ago.

“Daddy looked you up in Dunn and Bradstreet and a few other sources, so he has a good idea what your worth. Sir, I am miffed that you hid the fact, that you had as much money as you do.” said Sara smiling.

“Darling, I never kept it a secret, I have invested wisely so I could coast through the times when I did not have a job.”

“But you kept trying to restrain me when we were looking at houses. You fought me on buying a new car. I don’t understand why you don’t want to spend money?”

“Sara the easiest way to become poor is to spend, I live frugally so I can live. I was able to purchase the “Hollywood Star” because I don’t spend money needlessly.”

Sara thrust her left hand toward my eyes; “Was this a needless expense?”

“No Sara, I love you and I wanted to let everyone know that I love you. “The Hollywood Star” darling, was a necessary expense and I gladly spent the money.”

Sara embraced me and we kissed. I followed with another kiss after we broke. I looked at Sara and she was a beautiful woman, that at times drove me nuts but I would never tell her that.

“Darling I wish that we were not meeting anyone as I really want to take you to bed and explore your body,” said Sara.

“That makes two of us, darling,” I replied.

Out of the corner of my eye I saw William pull up in the Land Rover and I escorted Sara to the car. Sara issued instructions to William, and he took off. Traffic was uncharacteristically light, and we made good time getting to downtown. We were ushered into the branch president’s office and all we had to do was sigh the loan agreement. We would have that in our back pocket at the closing. “I guess it pays to know someone in the banking business,” I thought.

On Tuesday we were meeting the real estate agent, and Wednesday was going to be a busy day for me. I would be having production meetings about the episode I would direct, and I had thumbed through the second version of the script and was surprised that the sex scene was still in that version. Maybe we would shoot it and Bret would leave it on the metaphorical cutting room floor. Sara snapped me out of my thoughts.

“Darling, where are you?”

“Sitting beside you,” I said.

“But you’re not with me; I have a list of things...”

“Sara, we are meeting the agent tomorrow, and I will be at the office all day Wednesday in meetings,” I said.

“You’re just trying to get out of working on the house. I can call Bret and get you fired,” said Sara.

We both laughed at her last comment.

“Seriously I need you to coordinate with the home inspector, I know that you will find things that we can used to get the price down a little more,” said Sara.

I agreed to work with the inspector if she would make the appointment. I was looking around and saw that William was following my instructions, I texted him when I broke away from the meeting with the banker. Sara was in her world and not noticing where we were going. At least I thought so. William pulled up to the new house and into the drive way when Sara finally realized where we were. The real estate sign already had a bumper sticker “Pending” spread across it.

I got out of the car and directed her to the back entrance and tapped on the key safe and pulled the key. We went into the gallery that connected the two wings. There was a table and two chairs, and I directed Sara to one of the chairs. For this meeting I was going to take the lead.

“Lady Sara Jane Solsbery, I John Paul Rogers pledge my undying devotion to you. I promise to care for you for better or worse, to comfort you in all your battles. My love for you is unbounding. I love you and there is nothing you can do about it.” Sara sat in the chair thinking not knowing what to say, and not having a catchy retort.

“How long have you been planning this, Paul?” asked Sara when she finally spoke.

“You have been planning people’s activities I thought that I would repay the debt. You are loved, darling,”

“John Paul Rogers, you have been the love of my live for the past few years. I know that I drive you insane at times but that is me, and you bought the whole package. I promise to comfort you during good times and bad. You have my undying devotion to you. I love you darling, and there is nothing you can do about it. Paul are you ready to take this step? I mean really ready,” asked Sara.

“Yes Sara, I am ready,” I said.

We walked around the house discussing decorating and where things would go. She agreed that we would need the help; and that she would look for a full-time manager/part time cook. She also commented on how I was getting use to having domestic help. We walked around and took a closer look at the condition of the building. I noted some of the problems that we could use for bargaining.

“Darling, I don’t want to do it here now, but the first time we get a chance, I need your cock in me.”

“Sara, you and I must be on the same frequency, because I am having a hard time not tearing your clothes off and doing it now.”

We both laughed and continued to walk around the property. It was nice not to have the agent trailing us. It let Sara and I think about how to change the building. Sara’s phone rang and she took the call. I continued to walk the outside of the property and find the best place for a projected pool and outdoor entertaining space. Sara was still talking, and I decided to look over the servant’s quarters above the garage. The apartment had three rooms a bedroom, bathroom and sitting/eating and kitchen area. I assumed that William would be comfortable in the space. The garage would fit both of our cars and give me some storage space.

“Paul, Paul where are you,” Sara called out.

I walked out to the entrance to the apartment/servant’s quarters to let her know where I was.

“Come down, darling we have to go,” said Sara.

I joined her and after I locked up the place and replaced the key in the safe. We got in the car and William started driving. Sara started to rub my leg and briefly massaged my rapidly expanding manhood. She leaned over and we kissed.

“Darling, I’m sorry but something come up at the ranch and I am meeting a helicopter in an hour. Will you give me a raincheck on our fun?”

“Not willingly Sara, but I will.”

My phone rang and it was Bret, she asked me to come by the production office. I said that we were on the road and I would have William drop me off. Now I had something to do in the afternoon. While I was on the phone, Sara sucked my earlobe into her mouth and her tongue played with the skin. It tickled to the point that I almost pulled away. I had a hard time having a straight conversation with Bret. I didn’t catch the last portion of what Bret was saying. I asked William to drop me at the production office. He changed directions and headed to the building we were using. I kissed Sara, before I got out of the car. I stood on the sidewalk watched the car pull into the traffic and I turned and walked into the office. There was a person in the lobby waiting as I walked through. I paused and introduced myself and asked who she was looking for.
