 This is a continuation of my series of stories about the Countess. While each story can stand on its own you might want to read the first installment calledDreaming in the Shower where I introduced the characters. 

The sun was up with blinding light on the beach sand. Having gone through Mexican customs at the US Mexican boarder I finally cleared Tijuana, and we were passed Ensenada. I turned off of Highway One and headed toward the beach. Sara was sitting beside me in the front seat of the SUV. Sometimes trying to distract me other times napping. 

A month and a half passed since the big announcement she and her colleague made suing many Hollywood notables for sexual harassment. Sara was called home to Britain on a family matter. I picked her up in San Diego when she returned. We spent the night and left the next morning. My cock was still feeling abused from the night before. 

"Do you really know where you are going?" Sara said as she popped up from her nap after the car passed over a large pothole. 

"Darling I have been here a lot of times yes I know where I am going." 

"I like it better when I am in control." 

Relax we are almost there," I said trying to reassure her. 

My agent John Carbino built a large beach house south of Ensenada. He lends it to his clients if they need a place to work on projects; or in my case if I needed a place away from LA. The house comes with a full staff and I picked up the cost of the food and beverage we used. I also arranged for a few activities. This was the last chance for Sara and I to be together before our work schedules got crazy. 

Sara Solsbery was controversial, but things passed. I still got calls and I have two projects on my books in the future. The first project was my friend Bret's series about women code breakers during WWII. I was named a producer on one of the segments. The other was editing a large budget adventure movie that was set to start in late 2020. I would not need to dip into savings for a while. Sara told me that her cases should be heating up now that they were in the discovery phase. Together time would be at a premium. In the distance there was a large building on stilts which was our destination. Sara propped her head up. 

"Is that where we are going?" 

"Yes, we are finally here." 

"You know we could have gone back to the ranch or the vineyard," said Sara a little nervous about the place. 

We pulled up to the entrance and I scanned the building it was a large poured in place concrete building from the inside it would remind you of the MC Escher drawing of the building with stairs. We were startled when the doors to the SUV opened and people were assisting us out of the car. A woman about ten to fifteen years older stepped out of the door and walked up to me. 

"Senor Rogers a pleasure to see you again," said the woman. 

Senora Martinez it is always great to see you." Sara moved beside me; "Let me introduce my friend Her Grace the Countess of Redding Sara Solsbery." 

Your Grace is most welcome, any friend of Senor Rogers is a friend of mine. Come let us get inside I have refreshments for you after your long drive. 

I handed my key to one of the attendants and we walked up some stairs to the main level of the house. The interior of the house contrasted with the exterior house it was filled with wood floors and wood accents throughout. The great room overlooked an infinity pool that looked over to the beach. 

A young woman walked up next to the Senora "Would the Countess like to freshen up?" 

Sara agreed and the Senora gave instructions in Spanish to the young woman and Sara followed her down the hall. I walked into the great room and sat on one of the couches waiting for Sara to return. One of the young men brought a cold margarita and a bowl of chips and salsa. I was munching on those when I looked up and saw a woman in a sheer metallic one-piece swim suit walk on the deck and jump into the pool. My mind was cast almost a year and a half ago seeing Sara in the same suit. Sara got out of the pool. The suit was almost transparent Remembering the first time I ever saw Sara. She moved over to a lounge chair under an umbrella and sat down. She took the straps of her swim suit down exposing her breasts. 

I walked out and stood beside her. One of the servants brought a pitcher of Margaritas and two glasses and set them down on the table between two lounges. 

"So, you decided to take a swim?" 

"I couldn't wait, I had to try the pool," said Sara. 

"I thought I was on the island a year almost two years ago, you are as beautiful now as you were then," I said leaning over to kiss her. 

"Thank you for bringing me here darling," she said as I sat next to her. 

"Thank you for coming." 

We waited for the young woman to pour the drinks into the glasses. Just before she left, I asked for chips and salsa. The woman indicated that they would be coming soon. 

"See if you had come up to my shelter on the island, we would not have had to go through the minuet that we did that evening and you and I would have gotten in some sex before dinner." 

"I am sorry Your Grace but that is the way I am." 

"I know and that is what I like about you." 

We continued talking and looking over the pool toward the Pacific. Sara was dry and decided to dive into the pool again. After swimming one lap she pulled herself out and I watched the water fall off of her body. She again dropped her suit straps exposing her breasts. I think she was just trying to tempt me, but I remained calm. I thought that she was the most beautiful woman I ever knew. 

"What are you afraid of Mr. Rogers? You look like you want to take me right now?" asked Sara. 

"I'm not afraid of anything, but I would rather make love in our room." 

Sara reached over and grabbed my cock through my pants. "Just checking. I was wondering if the three-week layoff effected your fitness for duty?" 

"If anything, it has increased my desire for you." 

One of the Female staff approached and in Spanish asked if Sara wanted to get ready for dinner. Sara took one more sip of her cocktail, rose and followed the woman back to the house. 

"She is a beautiful woman Si?" said Senora Martinez, who walked up to where we were sitting.. 

"Si Senora muy hermosa." 

"Senior Rogers please follow me, and I will show you where you can get ready for dinner." 

I got up and followed Senora Martinez. We entered the house and went up a flight of stairs. She pointed to a door and went though. In the background I heard a shower going and took my clothes off. I entered the shower and started to soap down. Again, I remembered the first time that I saw Sara. I remembered watching the sand wash off my body and down the drain. I stepped out of the shower and began to towel off. I walked into the dressing room and was surprised to see Sara sipping a martini. I had the towel around my middle hiding my quickly hardening cock. 

"There is one on the table for you, and they are almost as good as yours." She said after she took another sip. 

I grabbed another towel and hung it over my shoulders. 

"Were you going to watch me dress?" 

"Darling, I was thinking about it, but I will leave you alone." 

Sara rose, walked over to where I was standing, kissed me and reached under the towel and inspected my equipment with her hand. 

"Just checking, Darling. Be quick Dinner is in a half hour," she said as she walked out of the door. 

Laid out on a table was the same clothes that I wore when I met Sara. She must have had something to do with the selection. I quickly dressed and sipped the cocktail. I checked my appearance in the mirror before I left. Sara was beautiful, but I was not, and I was still wondering what she saw in me. 

I drove the self-doubts away by thinking about having sex with her later. Dinner was next on the agenda, and I followed the smells to the dinning room. Sara was sitting in the great room sipping on another Margarita. 

"Darling, I am so glad that you insisted that we come here. The people are so nice." 

I leaned over and kissed her. We started to tongue fuck each other were interrupted when dinner was announced. 

"You will save that for later, darling?" Sara said in a commanding tone. 

"Yes, Your Grace." 

Sara gave me a dirty look at that comment. We walked into the dining room. I was in the room before but did not remember of the color scheme. The walls were painted a very deep red with white trim. On the walls were scenes of the ocean and paintings of cattle. There was a modern chandelier in the center of the room with the dining table centered underneath it. The lights were dim but adequate to see the dishes as they came out of the kitchen. 

I finally concentrated on what Sara was wearing; it was a "jump suit in red. On her feet were some very sexy red shoes with a four inch heal. One of the reasons that she was able to look me in the eye. Around her neck was a large gold neckless. Sara was never this showy with jewelry before. 

"Gift from an admirer?" I asked. 

"It was delivered to me in London it came from an anonymous admirer. I really love it; too bad it didn't come from you," she said with a slight laugh. 

The entre appeared before we could pursue the conversation. Placed before us were chicken and beef enchiladas with green and red sauce. Also, on the plate was a helping of frijoles refritos. 

"Darling, would you mind taking a walk on the beach after dinner?" asked Sara. 

"I can be persuaded." 

From outside the dining room I heard musicians tuning. The door opened and a Mariachi trio stepped in and started to play. Luckily the did not play loud; Sara was laughing and flirting with the band members. After five songs and a hefty tip from me they left. 

I guess that we will have good luck because the Mariachi visited," I said. 

"You will have good luck tonight, darling. Dinner is perfect." 

The entre plates were removed and a generous piece of Tres Leches cake was laid before us. I am glad that Sara suggested a walk so I could work off dinner. We slipped out quietly and walked outside around the pool. Sara slipped her shoes off and we took the stars that led to the beach. I was not wearing socks, so I also slipped out of my shoes. We started walking north and, in the distance, I could see the lights of Ensenada. The stars overhead were spectacular. 

Sara tugged at my arm and leaned over and kissed me. 

"Darling, I see someone up ahead?" 

"Yes, and if you look behind us you will see someone, about fifty yards away. They also have AR15s slung over their backs. Relax they are "William" while we are hear." 

Sara stopped and faced me. Her arms circled my body drawing her closer to me. Our mouths met in a wet kiss. She took my tongue and captured it for a moment. I allowed her to invade my mouth with her lingual organ, while I massaged her flanks. It was nice to know that she did not have any panties on. 

We turned to walk south and our "friends walked with us. Since it was dark you really had to look to notice them. We continued past the house for about a quarter mile and then returned to the pool deck. One of the staff brought a pitcher of margaritas for us. 

"Darling what will you do to me tonight?" asked Sara. 

"Make passionate love, darling. Spear you with my tool suck on your breasts, kiss you until you say stop." 

"I was just wondering if you were going to be too tired after driving all day?" said Sara as she poured another drink for us. 

Her hand brushed over my privates and then rested on my growing cock. She massaged my member though my clothes. 

"Do you remember what I wore when we met?" I asked. 

"I believe what you have on, darling. I am a trained attorney I need to notice these things. It helps me win cases." 

She drained her drink, stood and walked back in to the house; disappearing into our bedroom. I sat back and again contemplated my situation. I was in love with a beautiful woman. I believed that she loved me. 

I heard the door open and Senora Martinez approached. She remonstrated me for leaving with out alerting her. When she saw that we were not in the pool area she alerted the security guards. I apologized and asked if she could deliver a Martini to the Senorita. 

"She likes one before bed, Senora." 

"Already done." 

"Is tomorrow's activity set up?" 

"Si the horses will arrive after lunch and you will be able to ride then" 

"Gracias Senora." 

Senora Martinez left and I was again alone. I waited what I thought was an adequate time and walked to the suite. I pulled my clothes off, and found a bathrobe draped over a chair. I tied the sash and walked into the bed room. Sara was in bed again displaying her breasts and still had the neckless around her throat. 

"You have very good taste in jewelry, sir but I was wondering why a ring was not included?" 

"Madam rings are presented in-person and since I was not going to be there, I decided not to send a ring." 

"Will there be a ring, sir" 

"That is up to you," I replied. 

"I think that we need more time to discuss the future. But having some hardware on this finger would make my family happy," said Sara pointing to the third finger on her left hand. 

I slipped in bed beside her and we kissed. She maneuvered on top of me and used her hand to direct my cock into her pussy. She then brought her mouth to mine and, we again had a long-wet kiss, probing each other's mouth. 

There was a warm almost hot feeling on my cock as we made love. My hands moved to her breasts and massaged the nipples until they were hard and erect. We moved to our sides and I was able to move my cock in and out of her pussy. I could feel her clamping as she got closer to climax. The feeling that my lover was about to cum drove me to move faster and harder. 

She brought at hand to my shoulder "Calm down make it last." 

That stopped me and I allowed her to set the pace. She started to move slowly bringing her breasts to my mouth and allowing me to suck on her nipples. She maneuvered to be on top again and directed her efforts on moving up and down my pole. From the base of my head, and down my spine I felt an intense pleasure. 

She lifted off of my cock and her pussy was replaced by her mouth. I just stopped and massaged her shoulders and waited to explode. Her tongue caressed the crown of my penis and I felt the jerk of ejaculation. 

"Darling, when you are ready again, I will let you cum in my pussy." 

I moved down to her pubic area and put my tongue to work. We did not have much foreplay as Sara likes the entre´ before the appetizer. It seemed like it took hours before I was ready for act two. Sara's hands were busy bringing on my erection. 

"Darling, do you want to suck me or fuck me?" she burst out laughing, when my tongue hit a sensitive area. 

"Such talk from a lady," I replied. 

"Mr. Rogers, I have several certificates stating that I am an attorney-at-law, which also means that I can wallow with the best pigs in the sty. I have to put the "Lady Act" on in front of my mother." 

I was still down at her pussy giving her the best tongue lashing I could. I felt her legs come together and trapped my head at her pussy. 

"Darling, when are you going to fuck me?" 

I decided to keep control and continued to give her the best cunnilingus I could. I continued until I felt her start to climax. I broke her lock on my head and kissed my way up to her mouth and my cock found her cunt just as she was starting to cum. 

"You bastard," Sara said between breaths. 

"I have never felt this good having sex with anyone. But I am still..." more breathing 

"I just want to kiss you now!" 

I held her head and our mouths met. I maneuvered my cock into her pussy. I picked up my pace and soon felt my cock explode. I soon slipped out of my lover and we cuddled. I tried to stay awake as it is bad form to fall asleep. 

Sara moved on top of me. She kissed me and began to pinch her tits to get her excited again. She got out of bed and walked around the room. I followed her beautiful body as she started to calm down. 

I reached over and picked up the phone on the side table. "Bottle of Champagne in the suite please? ... Thank you." I replaced the phone on the table and waited. Sara came back to bed and we were kissing when the staff brought the wine, bucket and glasses. The bottle was already opened and after she poured the wine, she gave the glasses to us and left. 

"To the best orgasm I have ever felt. I got up thinking that I needed a cigarette, but this is better." 

I will drink to your pleasure and yes this is better that smoking," I replied. 

"Do you have a third act Mr. Rogers or are you going to leave me hanging?" 

"Will you take a raincheck; I have an interesting activity planed for tomorrow. 

Sara reached over and picked up the bottle and refreshed out glasses. "Well if I must I must." 

I brought her head to mine and we kissed. We both rested and fell asleep. 

There was a not so gentle nudge on my shoulder, waking me up. 

"Darling it is almost 10:00 I think that we better get some breakfast and allow the staff to clean the room," said Sara who was fully dressed. 

She leaned down and kissed me with a probing tongue. Her hand strayed down to my cock and gave it a squeeze. She left me alone to dress and we met again in the dinning room. After breakfast Senora Martinez came in and announced that the surprise is ready. Sara looked me and I took her hand and walked out toward the pool and to the beach. 

Standing just outside the wall were two brown horses, one with an English saddle and one with a western saddle. A wrangler stood between the animals. 

"Well I know which one I am riding," said Sara as she walked to the horse with the English saddle. 

The wrangler handed me a paper and explained that there was a cache of water about seven miles south near the beach. I slipped on the animal and we headed south. Sara directed her horse into the surf and road through several waves and then moved beside me. 

"You could have warned me Mr. Rogers I could have had better foot gear." 

"Your fine let's just enjoy the ride," I replied. 

We continued south sometimes running sometimes walking. We directed the horses into the surf and continued to ride through the water. I noticed an old car in the distance, and I motioned Sara to move to the car. We rode up to the car and got off and walked the animals toward the site. There were several five-gallon buckets of fresh water and we let the horses drink. 

Sara left me with the horses and slipped out of her clothes and walked into the surf. She came back and leaned against the car and watched the horses drink. 

"They have refreshments but what about us?" said Sara pointing at the two horses. 

I opened the door to the car and pulled out a cooler that held some food and beers. Sara was so beautiful naked that I almost joined her. She encouraged me but I decided to stay clothed. Sara relented and got dressed. I was sad as she put her clothes back on, but I took comfort that I would be making love to her soon. 

We both got on the horses and started riding back to the house. Sara accelerated and I followed coming up beside her. We again drove the horses in the surf. I pulled up allowing the animal to recover. I directed the horse in to deeper water up to my knees. Several waves broke over us and I relented and move up to the beach. 

"You will need to shower before I will touch you, darling," said Sara. 

I leaned over and kissed her before she could get away. I saw the house in the distance, and I urged my horse and raced Sara back. The horse's owner was waiting when we stopped. Sara and I slipped off the horsed and handed the reins to the owner and walked up the stairs. There were robes arranged on the chairs and I took my wet clothes off and dove into the pool. I felt Sara swimming behind me. Her arms came around my neck and I felt her kiss my ear. 
