 Alex was woken by a delightful sensation in his crotch. As reality swam into focus he could feel something warm and wet on his dick. Pulling back the covers he revealed Beth bobbing up and down with his cock in her mouth and a devilish smile on her face.

'Good morning,' he said, placing a hand on the back of her head and guiding her up and down. It felt amazing, the best way to be woken up.

Beth moaned something that might have been a good morning as she continued to suck him, working her tongue around his cockhead. She took him to the point of gagging, each time a little deeper than before, as saliva pooled in her mouth and dribbled out around his cock.

'Fuck your monster cock is amazing,' she said when she finally came up for air. She might have stopped blowing him but she kept on stroking his cock. 'That a nice way to wake up?'

'Incredible,' Alex replied, he lent in and kissed her while he groped her breasts.

'I want you to fuck me so badly,' she said. 'I need you to fill me up.'

'There is nothing I want more than to have you ride my cock,' he said. 'But we used the condoms last night.'

Beth eyed Alex's cock hungrily. 'What if you promised to pull out?'

Alex laughed. 'Normally this is supposed to be the other way around. Given how wild we were last night I don't think I can trust myself, or you, to pull out in time. I care about you too much Beth to risk getting you pregnant.'

'Why do you have to be so sensible?' Beth said, rolling her eyes and jerking his cock hard.

'Trust me, when the time is right I will fill your cunt with so much cum you'll be overflowing,' Alex said, slipping two fingers to her wet slit and teasing her clit. 'Sadly the time isn't right today, but I hope it will be soon.'

Beth squirmed as he played with her clit. 'Fine, but I'm going to make you cum.'

Again Beth took Alex's fat member in her mouth, vigorously sucking on his bellend for several minutes. She was talented at keeping him at a rolling state of arousal, close too but not quite cumming. He greatly enjoyed her ministrations as her tongue teased his head and shaft, moaning and groaning as she did so.

'Fuck, Beth, I'm getting close,' he said as he felt his orgasm building and his balls tighten. 'Fuck yeah, suck my cock.'

'Paint my face,' she said, as his dick popped out of her mouth. With one last flick of her tongue across his frenulum, she grabbed his hand and guided it to his cock. Shower me in your hot spunk. Make me your cumslut, cover me in cum like I'm your dirty whore.'

Alex was momentarily surprised by her filthy language but he saw the desire in her eyes and was soon jerking his dick as hard as he could. It took a mere moment for his orgasm to peak and he shot four long ropes of spunk. The first splashed against her face, the second hit her forehead and splattered into her hair, the third hit her chin and the fourth fell short but still splashed across her breasts.

'Bloody hell that was hot,' Alex gasped, slightly amazed he still had so much cum to shower her with. 'Do you like getting glazed?'

Beth looked embarrassed. 'I don't know what came over me then. I've never done that before.'

'Never had a facial?' Alex said, a little surprised. He lent in and kissed her spunk splattered lips while his hands went to her pussy. 'Well there's nothing to be embarrassed about, it was sexy as fuck.' 

'Sadly we don't have time for that,' Beth said, quickly scrambling from the bed. 'I need a shower before breakfast. I'm sure we'll find sometime later for you to practice fingering me into orgasmic bliss again.'

As she sprang from the room and hide in the bathroom Alex could only assume she was still embarrassed by her own filthy language. While the previous night they had indulged their primal passions neither of them had used such degrading language as "cumslut" or "dirty whore", it was quite out of character for both of them. The fact that neither of them had the armour of booze probably contributed. 

Alex was actually surprised at how well he seemed to be coping with being intimate with someone. The last few days had been a rather wild ride, very enjoyable, and not something he had ever envisioned doing. Beth just seemed so perfect. He desperately hoped that the magic wouldn't disappear when they returned home. He was going to make sure that it didn't fade because of him.

Waiting for his turn in the shower Alex relived the events of the previous day. It had been the most incredible experience with a truly wonderful woman. There had been a little bit of trouble in the small hours of the morning but fortunately, Beth had slept through that. Hopefully, she would never need to know about what he'd seen through the room's fish-eye eyehole.

With more pleasant memories in mind, Alex checked his phone for messages. Turned out there were quite a few on social media, mostly people from work surprised to see pictures of him and Beth together at a wedding. That's when he realised their mistakes. Even though neither he nor Beth took any pictures themselves, lots of other people had and they'd both been tagged in them.

'It might not be a problem,' he said when Beth eventually emerged from the bathroom, her shapely figure wrapped in a towel. 'But we've definitely got a thing happening.'

'What do you mean?' she asked. He then launched into an explanation before she continued. 'Right, yeah, I didn't think about that. Shit. What do we say?'

'The truth,' Alex said calmly. 'I came here to help you out with your family. We had a good old time. We don't have to tell them any more than that if we don't want too.'

'I'm not that bothered about that lot. Let the office gossip-mongers gossip,' Beth said. 'I was thinking more about my mother. She'll be hawkishly searching social media for any sign of impropriety. After the fuss, we made about keeping things secret before.'

'If we're lucky we'll sneak out after breakfast and she won't see us,' Alex said shrugging. 'If not, then I'll think of something. Leave her to me.'

'You're welcome to try,' Beth said as she released her towel and dried herself.

Alex wanted to stay and watch the show, he was starting to get erect again, but he knew he should shower as well so he retreated to the bathroom.

--

Washed, dried and dressed Alex and Beth headed down to the restaurant for breakfast. It was not overly busy and mostly occupied by people who weren't part of the wedding party. Alex assumed the majority of them were heavily hungover. He considered it something of a minor miracle that neither he nor Beth was suffering this morning. He'd drunk way more than he had in years the previous night but it seemed a long session of sexual hijinks were the perfect prevention of hangovers.

They occupied the same window table they had the day before. Alex ordered a full English and so did Beth. The food had just arrived when Alex spotted Mrs Mackenzie over Beth's shoulder. The old harridan made a beeline for them straight away.

'So much for you two keeping things secret,' snapped Mrs Mackenzie, trying her best to tower of them. 'You were both plastered all over social media this morning. Have you no shame?'

'Good morning mother. We didn't take a single picture, even though we wanted too,' Beth said in retort. 'It's not our fault if other people tag us. Anyway, I've seen them and it just normal wedding type pictures, nothing scandalous. We left as soon as it was appropriate for us to do so. I kept out of the way as you wanted me too.'

'You bring shame on this family with everything you do,' Mrs Mackenzie bleated. Repeating the same old tune. 'Why can't you be more like your sister.'

'Wait just a minute,' Alex said, he couldn't stand this bollocks any longer. 'I don't know what the hell is going on in your head but Beth is not bringing any shame on your family.'

'This has nothing to do with you,' Mrs Mackenzie said, not even bothering to look at him. 'This is a family matter.'

'I rather think it does,' he said. He didn't want to do this but was going to have to for Beth's benefit. 'I'm not having you berate my girlfriend over nothing. Yeah, your family does have problems but Beth isn't it. If you genuinely think she is then you are fucking nuts. I'm willing to bed your bedroom wasn't on the top floor was it?'

'What are you getting at you pathetic little man,' snapped Mrs Mackenzie, finally looking at him but with contempt on her stony face.

'There was a little commotion outside our room during the night,' he explained. 'Fortunately, Beth slept through it because if she'd seen what I saw I'm sure she would have died of embarrassment. You see at about 3 am I was heard noises outside, naturally, I went to check to see if anyone needed help. What I saw was the blushing bride getting fucked in the arse by that sweet boy Tarquin while she deep throated some older bloke who definitely wasn't her new husband. Seems like the orgy going on in the bridal suite had spilt out into the corridor, I assume the groom was still in there fucking one of those skanks that were hanging off him at the reception. Franky, I feel sorry for the night porter who was trying to stop the spitroast from getting a mess on the carpets. It was only when she threatened to call the police that they waddled back to their room, cock still firmly in the bride's arse. I wasn't the only one to see the sorry affair, other guests saw it too.' He paused in his tale to allow it to sink in. 'So I don't think Beth is the one causing you any problems, Mrs Mackenzie.'

'You liar,' the old woman said, spitting venom.

'Why would I lie about something so easily disproved?' Alex said. He nodded to the entrance to the restaurant. 'Look, it's the hotel manager and I think he'd like to have a word with you.'

True enough a grim-faced man in a suit was hovering not far away, with the air of a man who was not going away anytime soon. Behind him was the night porter, looking exhausted and still a little shell-shocked.

'I'd run along if I were you and try to smooth this all out before the papers hear about it,' Alex said. 'They love this sort of story, wedding night debauchery at an exclusive lakeside hotel? The headlines write themselves. Might even be good enough for the nationals.'

Mrs Mackenzie turned with indignant fury and marched over the to the manager, who escorted her from the restaurant.

Alex meanwhile when back to his breakfast, which was cooling fast and tucked in. He felt energised and hungry after that.

'Why didn't you wake me?' Beth asked, after a few moments. She was clearly shocked by the revelations. 'I could have done something.'

'Trust me, there was nothing you could have done,' Alex said, munching on a sausage. 'They were either pissed or high or both but I doubt even a blast with a hosepipe would have separated them.'

'And they were just in the corridor?'

'Yep, I thought someone was hurt,' he said. 'Turns out that was just the sound of a cock going into your sister's arse.'

'She always did like being the centre of attention,' Beth sighed, eating her breakfast but without much conviction now. 'She did everything first. Suck a cock before me, lost her virginity before me while she was still 14, took it up the arse before me, had a threesome before me and now she's had an orgy on her wedding night before me. Wait, I wouldn't want to do that last one. I meant more the wedding thing.'

Alex laughed. 'I should so. You need to stop comparing yourself to her. You are your own woman Beth. Florence is someone else, you don't want to be like her. Don't be Flo, or Bethany, be Beth; the amazing, kind, loving woman that I know.'

He picked up her hand, squeezed it and gave it a kiss. He wanted to say more; about how he wanted to be with her properly and not just as fuck buddies, but the words wouldn't come. Something was stopping him from making that leap. Perhaps it was his subconscious telling him now wasn't the right time?

'Thank you,' she said, smiling shyly. 'I've always been compared to her so it's hard to remember to be me.'

'I think it's safe to say I wouldn't have driven across the country to attend a wedding of a bunch of people who I don't know for anyone else,' Alex said, polishing off his last bit of bacon. 'Though I suspect I'm not getting invited to any more family gatherings. I think your mother might want to kill me.'

'That's how she treats everyone,' Beth quipped. 'But yeah, if we're lucky neither of us will be. Come on, as lovely as this hotel is I need to get away from here. Let's get packed up and leave.'

--

They packed swiftly, after recovering all the items of clothing that had been flung around the room, and made an effort to leave the room at least vaguely presentable. As they left the room Alex noticed that a cleaner was working on the corridor carpet. He idly wondered what the best method was for cleaning spunk and lube from a carpet was.

Checking out the receptionist asked if they'd had a pleasant stay and genuinely Alex confirmed that he had and would hopefully stay again someday, though that would probably only happen if he won the lottery. He didn't care to imagine how expensive the room had been and was thankful that Beth's father was paying.

'Excuse me, may I have a word?' asked a lady as they waited for Alex's car to be brought around by the valet.

'Veronica?' Beth said, turning to face the woman. 'My god, I haven't seen you in years.'

'Beth?' Veronica laughed. 'So it is the Mackenzies in there. I should have known.'

'What do you mean?' Beth asked

Veronica held up a notepad. 'I'm a journalist. My editor said he'd got a tip-off about some juicy goes on here last night. Wanted me to sniff around. There was a wedding?'

Beth gave Alex a sideways glance and he held up his hands. 'It wasn't me, I wouldn't have a clue who to tell.'

'My sister Flo got married yesterday,' Beth said.

'And the allegations of a depraved sex party in the bridal suite?' Veronica asked, pencil poised to write.

'I believe some people heard noises in the night,' Beth said, diplomatically. 'I slept straight through. So I know nothing.'

'And what about you?' the journalist turned to Alex.

He looked to Beth. Trying to ask her what he should say without actually asking it. After a moment or two, she shrugged.

'There was a disturbance of sorts,' he admitted, 'Early in the morning. Some individuals were engaged in an intimate physical act in the corridor outside the bridal suite. I don't know who they were though.'

'Intimate physical act?' Veronica quoted, cocking an eyebrow. 'Interestingly put, OK, so there is some meat to this story after all. Don't worry Beth I won't name you in the story; you were always nice to me, unlike dear Florence.'

It was then that Alex's car arrived and the valet handed over the keys. The two old friends wished each other well and Beth lept into the car so that they could drive off quickly.

'My mother will never believe that you didn't tip off the press,' Beth said once they were underway.

'I really didn't,' Alex said. 'I considered it but decided against it. Who was that anyway?'

'We went to school together, Veronica Lane, she wanted to be a writer if I recall,' said Beth. 'I guess journalism is sort of like writing. Not sure how glamorous hanging around hotels for gossip is though.'

--

As they set off early the drive back was quicker than Alex had feared it might be. About halfway they had to stop for petrol and he took the opportunity to restock on essentials.

It was early in the afternoon that they reached the Yorkshire Coast and Alex pulled up outside Beth's flat.

'Do you want to come in for a cuppa?' Beth asked. 'Least I can do to thank you for all the driving.'

'Sure,' he said. Suspecting that a cup of tea was the last thing Beth wanted to give him. Ever the gentleman he carried her bag up as they let them in.

This was the first time he'd actually been in her flat. It was on the third floor of a converted Victorian townhouse, up to a narrow staircase that had seen better days. The flat itself was much smaller than he imagined from the outside; comprising a small hallway, bathroom to the left then an open plan kitchen/living room and a bedroom to the rear.

'Sling the case on my bed,' she said. 'I'll get the kettle on.'

Alex took the case into the bedroom. There were piles of clothes scattered around the wardrobe, he guessed she'd been trying to pick what outfit to wear for the wedding. Carefully he put the case down and at the same time noticed the vibrator and dildo on the bedside table. Clearly, she had not been expecting guests, he chuckled to himself and joined her in the living room.

Beth was stood by the kettle, bopping along to a tune in her head. Alex watched her sexy arse, ensconced in a tight pair of jeans, and he felt a surge of desire. Why bother with the pretence of a cuppa? He came up behind her and hugged her, nuzzling the back of her neck and softly kissing it.

'Hello,' she said, clinging to his arms. 'Oh, yes, keep doing that.'

His kisses continued on the nape of her neck. A hand went to her beautiful c-cup breast and he squeezed them through her t-shirt. Then his other hand slid up under the fabric and did the same on the other breast.

'You are so fucking hot,' he whispered.

'If you don't have some condoms I'm going to kill you,' Beth said, grinding her arse into his crotch. 'But not before I fuck you anyway.'

'Yes, I did get some,' he said. 'As if I'd miss the opportunity to fill your sweet pussy with my fat cock.'

'Oh God, yes, I want it so much,' she said, turning around to hungrily kiss him on the lips. So gripped with the passion of the moment that neither of them noticed the kettle boiling.

Beth tore at Alex's clothes, desperate to get them off. He shed his t-shirt and trousers, Beth pushed him back onto the sofa and she yanked his boxers down to expose his junk. She dived on his cock and got him rockhard in seconds, sucking on his bulbous head. It did not last long though because she wanted more than to blow him. Alex helped her take off her t-shirt, bra and jeans.

Her knickers were the last thing to go and as she stood Alex took the opportunity to spring up and kiss her. As their tongues probed each other's mouths his hand slid down her belly and to her pussy. She was already wet but he knew he could get her wetter. He teased her labia which were already engorged and lubricated by her sweet pussy juice. He inserted a finger into her vagina, she moaned loudly so he slipped in another and hooked them around to probe for her g-spot. It took but a few moments of vigorous fingering to have her writhing in the throws of her first orgasm today.

'Bedroom, now,' she demanded as her orgasm subsided. 'I'm not fucking you on a sofa.'

Not waiting for his response she ran from the room and he heard a clatter from what he assumed was the case being shoved off the bed. Alex had the presence mind to bring the condoms with him as he entered the bedroom. He found Beth on the bed, legs splayed and playing with her clit. It was a very erotic sight, his cock was almost painful it was so hard.

'Bring that fat cock over here and fuck me,' she said. 'I've waited long enough.'

Alex tore a condom from its wrapper and rolled it down his cock. One day, soon he hoped, he would fuck her raw, the way it was meant to be done. He felt the primal desire to fill her cunt with his cum, but that would have to wait.

Positioning himself between her legs he smiled, her pussy was absolutely soaked and he could see the hunger in her eyes. To start with though he didn't ram it in straight away. Instead, he slapped her clitoral hood with his fat bellend and then teased her slick folds, rubbing his dick up and down her slit.

'So, what should I do now?' he asked.

'Fuck me, fuck me with your cock,' she pleaded. As she said that Alex thrust down with all his weight. Her pussy lips parted and his fat cock plunged into her. In one swift movement, he was fully inside her and Beth screamed in orgasmic ecstasy. He could feel her vagina clamping down on his member as the contractions of her orgasm rumbled through her quivering pussy.
