 I was between marriages a few years back when my daughter and I moved into a new neighborhood.

She was a senior in high school and had an active social life, which meant all of her friends were either at my house or they were all gone, which meant I was either hosting a party or completely alone. No in between.

The neighborhood was filled with people like me. We jokingly called it Divorcee Acres.

Block parties were regular occurrences, and the gossip would fly about who was sleeping with whom. I got to know my neighbors intimately.

We were mostly in our 30s and 40s, all with similar stories, ugly divorces and crazy exes. My next-door neighbors were the exception. They were, as far as we could tell, happily married, no kids, both smart and attractive with good bodies and great personalities. They were fun to be around and the block parties tended to end up in our yards and on our back-yard decks.

I became good friends with Trish, better friends actually than her husband Bob, who was just a little too proud of his house, his job, his lawn mower, his golf game, and as I sensed from Trish, he took his marriage for granted.

I also sensed there was something they were hiding.

She was over at my house all the time for coffee in the morning, drinks in the evening and sometimes just sitting on our porches at night. He was always gone, an airline pilot who would be gone for days at a time. And I'm a writer. I'm always home. Trish sold real estate, but she didn't need to. She only worked a couple days a week and only a couple of hours a day.

We were the social directors in the neighborhood, and she playfully tried to set me up with other divorced wives. We playfully called her my wingman.

I noticed she started wearing skimpier clothes around me, sometimes going without a bra, sometimes wearing slinky tops that showed her breasts. She would even lay out on her deck without a top. I've seen her glimpses of her completely naked.

I wanted her, and she knew it. But I assumed she was just trying to spice up her life when Bob was away.

That all changed one night. And Bob was right there.

We were hosting a summer's end block party at both our houses. The kids were going back to school, and the neighborhood was buzzing with excitement. Music was playing, and kids were on their bikes, and the adults were sipping vodka tonics and cold beers hanging out at my grill, which we moved to the yard between my deck and Trish and Bob's.

We were all a little tipsy to start with and Trish was getting a little frisky with me as Bob got drunker. At one point, she looked at me and rolled her eyes. That's when I knew something wasn't right.

A few drinks later, he was getting really drunk and she was getting more than a little upset with him. That was when the storm hit, literally.

A wind came up and blew paper plates and napkins all over the yard. We hadn't even noticed the dark clouds gathering and heat lightning in the distance, but while people started yelling for their kids and some of them even starting to walk home, there was a loud clap of thunder and a bolts of lightning that suddenly started striking all around us. I was helping Trish clean up when the rain started, sheets of rain that poured so hard so quickly we were all drenched in seconds

I ran under Trish and Bob's porch, and he fell flat on his ass as he ran around the corner trying to get inside. We ran into their kitchen, soaking wet from head to toe. We were the only ones who ran into their house.

Bob immediately took his shirt off as Trish shook her head and went to get towels. Bob sat there shirtless, acting like an ass and drinking heavily when he yelled out for Trish to come take her shirt off in front of me.

"Watch this," he said, slurring his words.

Trish walked back in carrying towels when Bob said it again.

"Take your shirt off baby," he said. "Nate wants to see you naked."

I shook my head and looked at her. She knew I'd said no such thing, Then Bob said something that caused her to turn beet red.

"We're swingers," he said.

Trish gave him a look that would bore a hole through him.

"You shouldn't have said that," she said. "We promised."

He laughed and took another swig of vodka.

"Come on sugar, take your shirt off for Nate and big daddy."

He was no longer smiling. She wasn't either, but she looked at me and said "OK."

The next thing I know, Trish is unbuttoning her top, slipping out of the wet shirt and throwing it to Bob, then uncoupling her bra and letting it fall off her wet breasts. They were perfect. Bob tried to say something, but he was too drunk.

"Come on, buddy," I said. "Let's get you on the couch before you fall off this chair."

He could barely stand as I helped him from the kitchen and into the den where he fell back on the couch and leaned back and waved his arm for me to come closer to him.

"Fich me adrink buddy," he slurred. I looked up and saw Trish in the doorway, a hand on her hip, still topless with a towel draped around her neck. She walked into the den, removed Bob's shoes and straightened him out on the couch.

"Sleep," she said.

She kissed him on the forehead as he tried hug her. He completely missed, uttered something unintelligible and passed out.

"Well, well," she said, turning to me. "Now you've seen my tits."

"I've seen them before," I admitted.

She feigned shock.

"I can't imagine when," she said walking past me and back into the kitchen. "Make me a drink. Make it strong."

The storm raged outside as I poured a double-vodka tonic for us both. Trish was still topless, her white shorts soaked so that her pink panties were showing through. I was soaked too, my white shirt clinging to me, my khaki shorts starting to chafe my legs.

"Take your shirt off," she said, smiling. "It's only fair."

I unbuttoned my shirt slowly. She stared without saying anything. I let it fall off my back when she reached her hand out and stood up.

"C'mon," she said. "Let's go talk to my husband."

I was confused, but I took her hand and followed her into the den. Bob was snoring when she dropped my hand and said, "let's give him something to dream about."

She was stepping out of her shorts before I knew what was happening, sliding her wet pink panties off then flicking them with her foot onto snoring Bob. She was completely naked when she walked to me, unbuttoned my shorts, unzipped them and pulled them down. She was on her knees when I slid my boxers off, revealing a half-hard cock hanging cold in the damp air. She took it in her hands and began to massage it, kissing it and letting her long fingers trace my balls until my cock began to grow.

She took it into her mouth as I moaned and reached down to caress her hair. She reached one hand under my balls and softly ran a finger under me toward my ass. It was incredible.

"Suck me baby," I whispered. "My God, you're so hot."

"Mmmmmmmm," she replied, sliding her other hand underneath her, fingering her pussy as she sucked my cock, three feet away from her husband who was snoring on the couch with her panties on his chest.

She let my cock slide out of her mouth and stood on her tip toes to kiss me.

"Fuck me," she said.

She turned her back to me, leaned over her husband putting both hands on the couch above him.

"Fuck me," she said.