 The rain had stopped when Trish and I walked outside. The grass was wet, and crickets were chirping and heat lightning flashed in the distance.

We were both wearing one of Bob's button-down shirts and nothing else, picking up items from our yards that had been scattered by the thunderstorm and refiring the grill. Two steaks were on the table, and the big block party that started earlier in the evening was now down to the two of us.

I took Trish by the hand and led her into my house. We walked straight to my bedroom, turned out the lights and looked through my side window.

"Damn, would you look at that."

I could see clearly into Trish and Bob's bedroom, directly at their bed and the exact spot we were standing naked minutes before.

"See?" she said. "Now we can watch each other."

The truth is, she'd been watching me for some time without me knowing. I'd never been one to close the blinds at night, and thoughts rushed through my head. What has she seen? How many nights has she watched me? How many kinky scenes has she watched?

"Since the day you moved in," Trish said, answering my thoughts.

She slapped me on my bare ass.

"Now we can have some fun," she said.

I vaguely understood what she was talking about, but having witnessed (and participated) in her idea of fun an hour earlier made me a little horny and more than a little uncomfortable.

Bob was still on the couch he passed out on, my cum drying on his face, her panties drying on his chest, his limp cock hanging from his pants, shriveled and pitiful while his wife stood in the next-door neighbor's bedroom wearing nothing but his shirt.

"Did I tell you how hot your ass is?" I said, rubbing my hand up and down her back then popping her on her bare ass.

She didn't say a word, leaning instead onto my windowsill, her shirt hiked up over her perfect round ass, looking into her bedroom and asking, "you think Bob watches you too?"

I wanted to fuck her again right then, right there in my window, imagining her husband watching from 30 yards away.

"He's a fag, you know."

"What?" I asked. "Are you serious?"

"He's right about one thing," Trish said, still staring out the window and into her bedroom. "There was a time when we were swingers. But that was years ago."

"Wait, Bob's gay?"

"Bi," she said. "Or at least that's what he tells himself. I've seen him get fucked by a guy before. I've seen him suck cocks. I've seen him in a threesome of guys. If that means bi to him then whatever."

I was taking it all in, watching her swing her ass back and forth in front of me. She was lost in her own thoughts.

"I do miss it sometimes," she said.

"What, watching Bob play with guys?" I asked.

"The clubs," Trish said. "I miss those wild nights when we were young and crazy. He was a lot of fun then."

She was still thinking about a Bob I'd never met.

"He wants to suck your cock you know," she said.

I didn't answer.

"He would suck your cock right now."

I sat down on my bed and shook my head. This night was not what I would ever have imagined. The perfect couple next door was not what I thought they were.

"Would you let him?" Trish asked, her question hanging in the air as I considered what she was up to.

"No," I said. "Of course not."

She stood up and turned away from the window, looking back at me as she pulled up her shirt and touched herself.

"What if I wanted you to," she said, smiling slyly and sliding a finger into her pussy. "What if I wanted you to do it right here while I watched from over there," she asked nodding her head back toward their bedroom.

"You're something else," I said, standing up and walking toward her in the darkness of my room.

"You have no idea," she said, standing on her tiptoes to kiss me.

I slid my hand onto her round tanned ass. She moaned quietly. And then I noticed a movement in their window.

Bob was awake.

I spun Trish around and pulled her out of the window. We turned to watch her husband stagger around their room. He was confused and still drunk. He came to the window and stared directly at us. We stood in darkness watching him,

"He can't see us," Trish whispered.

I believed her, but I was frozen.

Bob pulled the blinds closed.

"C'mon," I said. "Let's go cook those steaks."

We were standing by the grill when Bob staggered onto their deck. Trish had put on a pair of my daughter's shorts and I'd put on another pair of khaki shorts. Bob leaned against the railing and called down.

"Tricia," he said, his tongue thick and his legs unsteady under. "Where did everybody go?"

"What an idiot." Trish said under her breath.

"The storm Bob," she said. "Remember the storm?

"I fell down," he said.

Trish turned toward me and closed the lid to the grill. "I have to go up there," she said.

"I know," I said quietly.

She kissed me on the cheek and patted my ass.

"I'll bring your clothes over the morning. I had a good time tonight."

I just smiled as she bounced from my yard to hers, walking up the steps of their deck and cheerily greeting her husband.

"Hey baby!" she said, kissing him quickly as she walked into their house. "You smell awful."

He followed her in.

"Did we have sex?" he asked.

I cooked a steak and took it back to my kitchen, eating it alone and letting the evening wash over me. I couldn't quite process it all. I'd just met a couple I'd never known before, fucked a guy's wife while he slept on his own couch and discovered a world that had existed right before my eyes without me realizing it.

Eventually I walked into my bedroom and went to close the shades. But then I saw Trish in her window, a table light giving off a soft glow. She was naked, staring directly at me. I stared in silence as she touched herself. She looked like a little girl, demure and sexy and innocent.

And then Bob appeared, a towel draped around his shoulders, his hair wet from a shower. He came up behind her and put his arms around her. She relaxed into his arms, turned and kissed him in a loving embrace, slowly pushing him back onto their bed. She straddled his legs and pulled back her hair. She leaned down and began to slowly suck her husband's cock, her sexy body shining in the soft light.

Then she stopped, leaned over and looked out her window into the darkness and turned off the light.