 Confused is putting it mildly.

My night with Trish and Bob had more of an effect on me than I realized. I couldn't get it off my mind. I couldn't concentrate on work or on helping my daughter get ready for her senior year in high school or much of anything else for the next week or so.

I saw Trish in passing, and she waved at me from her porch one morning as I was headed out of the neighborhood. Normally, I would've rolled the window down and asked if she needed anything while I was out. But I just waved back.

It was almost two weeks before we spoke.

"Nate!" I heard my name from the back yard. "Nate! Come out here!"

Trish was standing at her back fence with a shovel.

"What in the world?" I asked, running down to her.

"Look," she said.

It was a black snake, five feet long and shedding its skin on her fence.

"Leave him alone," I said.

"Kill him!" she shrieked. "That's disgusting. Here."

She handed me the shovel, and I just smiled.

"We're not killing him," I said. "He's the reason we don't have mice. Or rats. Or people hanging around our back yards."

She looked at me like I was crazy.

"I'll come get the skin when he finishes," I said. "You'll never see him again."

I pointed to the woods behind our house.

"He's lives in there," I said. "He's only borrowing your fence."

We walked back up to her house, Trish walking backward most of the way, leery of the slithering creature taking its clothes off in her back yard. She was barefoot, wearing white short shorts and a skimpy red top that barely covered her tits and exposed her belly button.

"Love your snake-killer outfit," I said.

"This is my outfit to attract my snake killer," she said, still looking back.

We put the shovel away in Bob's shed behind the house. The shovel was brand new, as were all the tools in the shed.

"I bet Bob would've killed it for me," Trish said.

I laughed.

"No, he wouldn't want to get his shovel dirty," I said.

She was smiling as we walked up her stairs. I stared at her ass. She gave it a little wiggle on the last step. She knew I was watching.

"Have a seat," she said. "We need to talk."

I tensed when I heard the words. She walked into the house and stayed for several minutes. When she came out, she had a pitcher of ice tea. She'd also taken her bra off.

Vixen.

She collapsed into a cushioned seat, which made her tits juggle a little. I had my sunglasses on, but she knew damn well I was looking at her nipples. She was still watching the fence.

"Bob and I are getting a divorce," she said matter-of-factly. "I told him last week. He's flying this week and I want him out when he gets back. I might need your help."

I nodded, wondering if she meant help carrying boxes or help protecting her from Bob."

"Sure," I said. "Anything at all."

"The party was the final straw," she said. "I'd been looking for the right time. I haven't been happy in years, Nate. Neither has he, but he sees me as a trophy, not a partner any more."

A tear ran down her cheek, and I reached out to brush it away. She stood to meet me, took my hand and kissed it, sobbing silently.

I hugged her tightly and repeated my offer.

"Just tell me what you need," I said, brushing her hair and resisting the urge to touch her ass.

She looked into my eyes.

"What happened after the party," she said, but she left it hanging.

"Trish, I," she put her hand on my lips.

"No, I need to say this," she said.

"What we did was wrong," she said. "Or rather, what I did was wrong. I can't tell you why I did what I did. Any of it. I was so mad at Bob for being a drunk ass, and that's exactly what I was. A stupid drunk-ass woman having a mid-life crisis."

"Trish..."

"No," she said. "Let me finish."

She sat down and I could see right down her top. I sat down and tried to keep my hardening cock from getting in the way of our conversation.

"Bob was telling the truth about us swinging," she said. "It was years ago, and I was a horny little housewife married to a big, tough airline pilot. He was a swinger before we met, and he talked about it for months and months trying to get me to try new things. Eventually, he wore me down. We started going to swinger clubs, and I don't know, I just loved it."

She looked at me and put her hand under her chin, giving me a sexy little smirk.

"Have you ever been tied up?" she asked.

I laughed out loud.

"Um, no," I said.

She just stared at me.

"Do go on," I said, smiling back at her.

"Ever been whipped by strangers?"

My cock was growing now.

"Ever watched a woman fuck a..." she stopped. "Never mind."

"Damn, Trish," I said, leaning closer to her.

"It wasn't me," she said, "I just watched."

I reached down to adjust my cock. It was beginning to hurt.

She noticed and gave me a look like my third-grade teacher would.

"Have you ever been shared by a group of men?"

I just shook my head with my mouth open.

"Ever been with black guys? Multiple black guys?"

My chin was in my hand now.

"We can do this all morning," she said. "There are pictures. There's video. Ever make a porn video with an 18-year-old boy?"

I took a long gulp of tea,

"How long did this go on?" I asked.

"Four or five years," she said. "I thought I was in control but I wasn't. I was an addicted sexual animal. And I loved it. Bob loved it. We really were like animals, and we really were on the prowl."

How long ago was this?" I asked.

"Before we moved here," she said. "Bob got a little out of control. No, Bob got a lot out of control. All the things I told you I saw him do? It was worse than that. And he tried to get me to go along. I refused, and we've been drifting apart ever since." 

The party was her exit strategy. I was her tool. And we cucked her husband on the last real night of their marriage.

It was all clear now. 

"Just tell me there were no hidden cams that night," I said.

She shhhh-ed me. Then raised her sunglasses and winked.

"Might be hot," she said.

I leaned back back in my chair and adjusted my cock again. She stood up and took her top off.

"So what do you think of my snake-killer outfit now?" she said, taking more more look at her back yard.

"I've always wanted to tell you that," she said. "Well, some of that."

She straddled my legs and sat on my lap, my hard cock right between her legs.

"What we did the other night was me shedding my old skin," she said. "But I've never wanted to fuck somebody worse that I did you right then."

She leaned into me, our sunglasses colliding as she kissed me hard.

"Let's fuck right here," she said.

My hand was under her ass, guiding her movements. Our lips were locked as our tongues plunged deep into each other's mouths. We both took off our sunglasses as I picked her up, still straddling me. I carried her to the chaise lounge and dropped her onto the cushions as she began to tear her shorts off and I undressed as fast as I could.

I was on top of her before we could say another word, my cock sliding into her hot wet pussy as her legs wrapped around me. We fucked hard. She came, then I came, then came again and again, loud, wet and outside.

And somewhere in the noise of our love-making we kept hearing something else.

"Trish?"

It was coming from inside.

"Trish are you in here?"

"Oh God," she said. "It's Mary."

Just then, the sliding glass door opened and there stood Mary.

She walked right out onto the porch, half smiling and half looking on in wonder. Trish and I were locked together, her naked body entangled in mine, her hair a mess and her hand still holding a handful of mine.

"Hey Mary," Trish said, sounding like a teenager caught by her mom. "I guess I forgot you were coming over."