 Beth screamed a string of obscenities as she rode up and down on Alex's fat cock, her tits firmly held in his tight grip. Their orgasms hit at the same time and Alex pounded her from below as she sank as deeply onto his cock as she could.

In the afterglow, Beth rolled off him and lay there panting. Alex meanwhile disposed of the condom and got them both drinks from his kitchen. When returned she was snuggled up under the duvet but the slight rustling suggested she was stroking her pussy.

'You really are insatiable,' he said, joining her under the covers.

'That's what you love about me,' she replied with a twinkle in her eye.

Love. That was a difficult word for Alex. It was not a word he could use easily.

'I like the challenge of trying to sate your lustful desires,' he said.

'I'm a challenge now am I?' she mocked. 'What a delightful thought. You are doing pretty good, but still have a way to go I think.'

'Were you like this with your ex-boyfriends? Did you wear them out?' he asked. They had never really talked about former partners before. He immediately regretted the questions because he knew where they would end up.

'I've always enjoyed sex,' she said after a moment or two of consideration. 'No one has every excited me quite like you though. No one has ever filled met the way you do or made me squirt. And I've done some kinky things.'

'Like what?' Alex pressed.

'Well pretty tame things I guess really,' she said. 'Giving blowjobs outside. Anal sex, though my boyfriend at the time had a pencil dick so he was easy to take but I didn't feel much. I had a threesome with two guys at Uni once but I ended up a third wheel when they started fucking each other, that was a bit of a disappointment.' She laughed. 'I had to get myself off then just left them to it, I think they're married now. What about you?'

'Nothing like that,' he replied. 'Most adventurous thing my ex and I ever did was her giving me a blowjob in a field once. We were pretty vanilla, she didn't want to do anything kinky.'

'Her loss,' Beth said, kissing him. 'Clearly she didn't realise she could have had such a sexy beast between her legs. I'm sure your other girlfriends appreciated you more.'

Alex remained quiet at that. Instead, he focused his attention on kissing Beth trying to distract her from that train of thought. He didn't want to admit to her that she was only his second sexual partner. She would probably think he was a loser.

Snuggling into her he squeezed her boob and gently ground his cock against her leg.

'If you keep doing that you'll have to fuck me again,' she said.

'That can be arranged,' he purred.

'Oh you have no idea how much I want too,' she said. 'But I have to go. I need to be up early tomorrow, I've got stuff I need to do before work.' She kissed him passionately on the lips. 'Thank you for another incredible fuck.' 

She gave his cock a squeeze before kicking off the covers and getting up. Alex watched as she did a reverse striptease, putting her clothes back on in a way clearly meant to arouse. 

After she wished him good night Alex was left alone with his thoughts. Beth was incredible and he really wasn't worthy of her attention. It would, in his mind, only be a matter of time before she found someone better. He tried not to think about that, better to focus on the here and now.

It was late so he put the flat to bed, turning off all the lights etc. After a little while, he got a message from Beth to let him know she got home safely. With that received he could relax and settle into sleep. As sleep started to take hold he received another message on his phone.

This one wasn't from Beth. It was from Zoe. His ex. It was a picture of her wearing a silk nightie in a sultry pose. His heart leapt. Why on Earth would she send him something like that? They had broken up months ago. The phone binged several times. It wasn't just one picture. There was a whole slew of them, increasingly revealing and sexy. Then a video came through.

--

Beth was running late. She hated doing the late shift. Starting at 11 was, in theory, good but it did mean working until 7 in the evening. She had messaged Alex earlier, to thank him again for the earth-shattering orgasms the night before, but he hadn't replied. She could only assume that he had also been running late to work if he couldn't reply. Reaching the office though she discovered that he wasn't there.

'Where's Alex?' she asked Nalini, the young British Indian girl, who sat next to her.

'We thought you might know,' Nalini replied. 'He hasn't rung in sick. Did you break him?'

'He was fine when I last saw him,' Beth said, she was worried. It wasn't like Alex to disappear without telling anyone. She quickly fired off another text to him.

'Sucked him dry I'm guessing,' Gemma chipped in, making a blowjob motion with her hand. 'He's probably tied to her bed ready for later.'

'Oh shut up,' Beth snapped. 'Haven't you got work to do?'

Without Alex, there was more than enough work to keep everyone busy. When she could Beth checked her phone but she didn't get any replies. At lunch, she tried ringing both his mobile and landline phone but still nothing. Everyone else in the office was just annoyed by Alex's disappearance because it meant more work for them. Beth was very much concerned. This behaviour wasn't like Alex at all.

The clock dragged impossibly slowly round to 7 pm. Never before had someone left the office in such a rush, she actually sprinted to her car. A fifteen-minute drive later and she was pulling up outside Alex's apartment building. 

Unsurprisingly Alex did not respond when she buzzed up to his flat. Fortunately though one of his neighbours was coming out and they let her in, she was reasonably well known to them now, or at least her moans and groans were.

Alex's flat was on the top floor and while her building was shabby this one was well maintained. Reaching his door she hammered on it, not bothering with any subtly.

'Alex, open this bloody door,' she shouted. 'I know you are in there, your car is outside.'

Pressing an ear to the door she thought she could hear something, possibly movement or maybe a TV.

'Alex open the door or I'll break it down,' she shouted, hammering her fist on the wood. After a few minutes, the lock clicked and she pushed the door open. 'About bloody time, what the hell is...oh my god, Alex, what's wrong?'

He was stood in the hallway, downcast and dishevelled, a half drunk bottle of whisky in his hand. Beth had never seen Alex this bad before, stinking of booze and looking broken. He didn't say anything, he just shuffled back to the living room and flopped onto the sofa. Beth followed him.

'Alex? What's wrong,' she said. The curtains were closed, empty bottles of cider littered the table. This was not merry drunk, this was drinking to forget.

'How was work?' he asked, tried to take a swing of whisky but Beth wrestled the bottle from his hand, he didn't even try to stop her.

'Busy, but that's not important,' she said. 'What the hell happened? You were fine when I left last night.'

'Message on my phone,' Alex mumbled, tears well up again. 'Why? Why would she do that?'

He didn't object when Beth picked up his phone, she knew the code, and had a look. Other than her messages the only other recent contact was from Zoe. Beth knew that was Alex's ex, they had been together for 6 years but the relationship broke down. What could she have said to him to cause such a breakdown? There had been times before when he'd come to work rough, early after the breakup, but he'd never missed work.

Beth hesitated before looking at the message. It was an invasion of their privacy but she had to know and the reason became apparent very quickly. There were many pictures of Zoe, a raven-haired beauty, curvy with at least d-cup breasts if Beth was any judge and a tattoo that read "A + Z Forever" on her hip. The pictures started off fairly softcore - lingerie shots etc but quickly became quite explicit, shots of blowjobs and sex. There was a video as well and it didn't take a genius to work out what it was about. The time stamps showed they came through not long after she'd left him the night before.

'Oh Alex, I'm so sorry,' she said, giving him a hug. 'You should have said something, I would have come back.'

'Why would she do that? After all this time?' he said, hugging Beth tightly.

'I don't know,' Beth said. She was genuinely unsure. There was no actual message with any of the pictures. She wanted to say it was a mistake but no one sends that many by mistake.

'I need a drink,' Alex said.

'You do, but not whisky,' Beth said, standing up. 'I'll make you a cuppa. Wait here.'

Beth hurried to the kitchen and got the kettle on. She poured the last of the whisky away and drew him a glass of water, to begin with.

'Drink,' she said, handing it to him back in the living room. 'While the kettle boils. Have you eaten today?'

'Do biscuits count?'

'No, I'll make you something. You can't make rational decisions on a diet of biscuits and booze,' Beth said. It broke her heart to see him in such a state. She had always been aware that he had a fragile side but to see it exposed so brutally was painful. 

The kitchen cupboards were not well stocked but she was able to make beans on toast which would do for now. She set the table and she dragged him from the sofa where he'd seemingly spent the best part of the last day. He was reluctant to eat but under her stern gaze, he didn't refuse.

'You've never really talked about what happened with you and Zoe,' she said after he'd eaten. 'Maybe it's time you did.'

'It was her decision,' Alex said after a while. 'I wanted kids and to get married. She didn't. I was happy being with her even if we didn't do all that. I love her but I don't know when she stopped loving me. Eventually, she got brave enough to end it.'

Alex's choice of words stung Beth. Clearly, he was still in love with Zoe. Then what was he going with her? She buried that feeling, no good would come of it and he needed her help now.

'She didn't cheat though? Did she?' Beth asked.

'No, there is that at least,' Alex said. 'But given how quickly she met someone else it didn't take her long to get over me.'

'Relationships are hard work sometimes,' Beth said. 'It's hard to control how you feel, or where your heart leads. You know she was with someone else, you are yourself are in a relationship with someone. So did these pictures bother you so much?'

Alex gave her a long, sad stare. 'I knew she is, yes, but it's a bit different when presented with evidence, uninvited, of her activities. Doing things that she would never...do...with me.' He took a long swig of tea. 'I haven't admitted this before but Zoe was my first proper girlfriend, I lost my virginity to her. She taught me how to love someone, that there was more to life than just going to work and earning money. How to be a real person.' 

Beth knew your first love was always the hardest. It had never occurred to her that maybe Alex wasn't as experienced in love as she was. His sexual talent was impressive for someone that had only shagged two girls. 

'She never wore sexy lingerie for me,' he continued. 'Said it always made her feel silly. She wouldn't let me eat her pussy, try anal, even fucking doggy style was once in a blue moon. But I wanted her to be happy so I just went with what she wanted. The sex we did have was good but plain. You know what I mean? Then it became more and more infrequent. I figured we were having a little rough patch, she'd been unwell and put some weight on. I thought that was the problem. Turns out she just didn't love me.'

Alex sunk into a sullen silence.

Beth didn't know how to help him. She could feel his despair and he wasn't likely to snap out of it by himself. She needed drastic action. A plan came to mind, it would be hard for him but she was confident it would work.

'This video. Am I right in guessing that it's a sex tape?' she asked. Alex nodded. ' And you've watched it? Probably more times that you are willing to admit. Did you wank to it? To the sight of your former loving getting fucked?' His lack of reply was damning. 'I want to watch it as well. You going to stop me?'

--

Alex watched in a bit of daze as Beth set up the laptop and sent a copy of the video to it. He didn't know what she was trying to do or prove. Why on Earth did she want to watch Zoe getting fucked?

He hated himself for being so weak. He hated that Beth had seen him like this at all. She was too good for such a pathetic worm like him. This would probably be the end of their fun. He was destined to be alone.

The video started playing. Zoe was kneeling on the bed that she had once shared with Alex. She wore a crimson silk nightie over a black PVC underbust corset. There was a collar around her neck that featured two chains that went to nipple clamps. 

'It is running?' Zoe asked and a muffled reply came from off camera. 'Good because I want a record of how you are going to fuck me.'

Slowly Zoe slid the nightie off her shoulders, looking seductively at the camera, and tossed it to one side. Licking her lips she shook her tits towards the camera, the chains glittering in the light. Twisting she smacked her own arse and let out a girlish giggle. 

'I'll say this much,' Beth said. 'She does have great boobs, I wish mine were that big.'

'Yours are perfect,' Alex found himself saying. 'Yours are perfectly formed with nipples to die for. Size isn't everything. Hers are teardrop shaped and sagging already, it's only the corset keeping them in place.'

On the video Zoe was now bending over, arse in the air, spreading her ample cheeks to reveal a jewelled heart shaped butt plug.

'You like that, don't you daddy?' Zoe said. 'You like seeing a plug in my arse? That'll be your dick soon daddy.' One hand still spreading her cheeks the other played with the plug, pulling it out and then pushing it back in. 'I can't wait for your dick to fill me up, daddy.'

'Daddy issues much?' Beth commented. 'And a jewelled plug? I think someone has been watching too much porn.'

Alex didn't pass comment. His attention was focused on the video. Zoe had never shown that much interest in anal during all their relationship. They had tried it a grand total of one time and even then it had only been a finger before she'd refused to go any further. Now she was toying her arsehole with gay abandon. Hell the entire situation was unlike her. She'd never worn outfits like that, or nipple clamps, or a collar, or wanted to be filmed. What led to such a change in personality? Had he really been such a dull lover?

On the video, a cock came into view being jerked by Zoe's "daddy" while she continued to fuck her own arse with the buttplug. After minutes of that, she then proceeded to fellate the mystery dick. A wet and sloppy blowjob.

'Her techniques is awful,' Beth said, shaking her head. 'She's acting like its a porn. All slobber, sound effects, corny dirty talk and hardly any time with her mouth around his dick. Poor sod probably can't feel a thing, not that he's packing much.' She took Alex's hand in hers and squeezed. 'I know you still have feelings for her, but from where I'm sitting she was mad to let you go. This prick has nothing on you.'

'I hardly recognise her here,' Alex said. 'This isn't the woman I fell in love with.'

With the obligatory blowjob scene out the way, Zoe and her lover's homemade porn moved on to the main course. Zoe lay on her back, legs in the air and spreading her arse cheeks. Her lover flitted in and out of shot applying copious amounts of lube to her arsehole and then his own dick. He looked a lot older than her, covered in tattoos and bald. His dick couldn't have been much more than 5 inches and thin at that.

Baldie, as Alex dubbed him, began probing Zoe's anus with his fingers, working in even more lube. It already looked like a sloppy mess.

'You like that baby girl?' Baldie said. 'You like my fingers in your bum?'

'Oh yes Daddy, it feels great,' Zoe said, putting on a girly voice. 'But your big dick would feel even better.'

'If she can even feel that pencil dick I'll be amazed,' Beth chipped in. 'Her butt plug was bigger than him.'

On the screen, though Zoe grunted and cried out as Baldie slowly worked his dick into her arse. Alex felt a pang of jealousy as Baldie's bellend disappeared into Zoe's slimy hole. Her lover teased her arse with just the tip of his dick for a few minutes, popping it out and letting her gape a bit before sliding his dick in again. The loud, wet, sloppy noises, were both disgusting and a turn on. To his shame Alex felt his cock reacting, he'd cum at this point when wanking earlier.

'That feels so fucking good, daddy,' Zoe moaned. Her legs were now resting on Baldie's shoulders and she was fingering herself. 'You are so big, daddy. Fuck my ass like your dirty whores.'

'Hmmm what happened to my sweet, innocent baby girl?' Baldie grunted. 'Your just my anal slut now. Never happy unless you've got a cock in your arse. Fuck you are so tight. You ready to take all of me baby girl?'

Baldie didn't want for an answer. He just slammed his pencil dick all the way into Zoe's arse, who squealed with delight. He pounded her arse, or at least best as he could, for a few strokes before he had to pull it out.

'Urgh, I'm gonna cum baby girl,' Baldie said. Scrambling up Zoe's body Baldie pointed his dick at her face and jerked himself to an overly loud orgasm. A single rope of cum splattered against her chin.

'Well that was disappointing,' Beth said as she paused the video. 'All that build up for three strokes in her arse and a measly bit of cum? I almost feel sorry for her but given the amount of pain she has caused you, I say fuck her. She can keep pencil dick and his lacklustre lovemaking. You deserve better than someone who thinks scream "daddy" during sex is kinky.'

Alex appreciated that Beth was trying to do. The running commentary, the comments like that, it was all designed to make him feel better. To help him try and get over Zoe. It was hard though he had genuine thought they would be together forever. How wrong that had been.

'Thank you,' he said quietly. 'For being here for me.'

Beth leant over to kiss him on the cheek and hug him. 'I care about you greatly. It pains me to see you hurting, I want to try and make everything better for you.'

'I..lo..' he started to say but the word died in his throat. For some reason, he couldn't quite finish it. The intention was there. It wasn't even a long word. Love. So simple, yet incredibly difficult to say. Now wasn't the right time for that. Not when he was so pathetic, it would come across as desperate. He would tell her how he felt, just not now. 'Thank you, that means a lot to me.' He returned her hug, holding her tight. 'I'm sorry you had to see me like this. It was silly.'

'Don't be daft. Nothing silly about it,' she said. 'You might try and play it cool at work but I can tell that passions run deep in you. When you love someone you do it with all of our heart. To have those kinds of pictures and videos of someone you care about with someone else is going to be difficult. Someday you'll find someone worthy enough for your love.'

Again the words failed him. So all he did was nod his head. Her beauty, intelligence and kind heart were too much, he wasn't worthy of her.

'Right I think it's time you went to bed,' Beth said. 'You look shattered and you'll feel better after some rest.'

'Yeah, I didn't really sleep much last night,' Alex said, he staggered to his feet and realised how messy the place was started to tidy.

'Leave that,' Beth commanded. 'I'll sort it. You get ready for bed and I'll join you.'

There was a tone to her voice which made Alex obey it suggested to him that it was in his interest to do so. Shuffling off to the bathroom he splashed water in his face and brushed his teeth. Then he stripped off and got into bed.
