 I worked hard all the next week. Tanya kept complimenting me on my diligence and my progress. I told this to Mercy on the way home on Thursday thinking I might get rewarded but she seemed to resent it. When Saturday evening rolled around she was still pretty frosty. We had had sex on Monday but it was duty sex. We hadn't come close since.

The salad didn't taste very good that night. 

I decided to take things into my own hands. Mercy went on a girls day out the next day with someone new from the tennis club named Nancy. This was a relief to me and good for our marriage. She said she wouldn't be back until late.

I figured I was doing well. I went out and bought a case of dark beer, a bottle of bourbon, a rib-eye steak and russet potato. I sat down to watch football and drink. Later I ate my steak dinner. I cleaned up thoroughly, brushed and gargled twice, and got to bed before Mercy was home. I helped myself to sleep masturbating to fantasies of Tanya.

I got in the habit of going down to the basement and sneaking a beer in the rec room to reward myself after a good workout while Mercy showered. When we went out for lunch at work I ordered whatever I craved as well as a mixed drink when appropriate.

At the three month mark we received our test results after our workout. It shouldn't have been a shock to me when Tanya presented me with the results and I was significantly behind schedule but it was. .

"I've looked over your family history and I am guessing some of this is genetic. You hit a plateau after a month or so and your genes don't want you to go any lower. Your good cholesterol is good, but the bad stuff is high. This doesn't mean you can't make it, it is just going to be harder.

"You have not been putting maximum effort into your workouts and I know you have been slacking off on your diet.

"Our workout sessions are going to become more intense, but the main focus is going to be your diet. I will give the list of changes to Mercy and we will test you in a month. You are going to have to start coming in twice a day during the week and on Sundays. And no more restaurant lunches."

Tanya took things up two notches that evening. She had music going, she encouraged me when I was struggling and yelled at me if I looked like I was going to give up. I took things to a new level but I was beginning to doubt I could continue at this pace for three more months.

Mercy drove home. I told her about my evening, expecting some commiseration. I was verbally slapped in the face.

"Rich, I've been working hard at this for three months and I am ahead of track. This may be more difficult for you but that is no excuse. You are the one who started all this but we are going to finish if I have to do a Shylock on you. Tanya has you for 18 hours a week, I am going to start taking charge the other 150.

"To start with, I am cutting off all sex with you until you start making progress. Tanya suggested that. I have my Dave Cock to keep me happy."

I sulked the rest of the ride home. I took the first opportunity to head to the basement to reward myself for my hard workout but my beer supply was empty. I drank the last two shots in the bourbon bottle, hid it deep in the trash, showered and went to bed without eating. 

My alarm went off the next morning at 5:30. It was a work day and I normally set my alarm for 7:30. I looked over at Mercy resting contently and saw her dildo peeking out from under the covers. I was tempted to get some cold water to dump on her. Instead I dressed quickly, grabbed a banana, and drove to meet Tanya.

On the ride over my attitude changed. I was really pissed off at Mercy for her lack of support and holier than though attitude. After steaming for most of the night I got mad and decided to channel that into kicking Mercy's ass. No more drinking and no more steak.

Tanya was ready to help me in innovative ways. She met me at the door to the club. 

"Take off your clothes."

I wasn't sure I had heard her right. I was about to question her. When I looked at her again I knew better. I stripped off my shirt and got ready to take off my shoes.

"Leave your shoes and jockey shorts on."

I complied. We began our normal weight lifting routine. Tanya activated the televisions and instead of the normal sports and news there was soft core porn on. I felt stirring in my groin. My performance improved. We moved on to the other machines and Tanya pushed me some more.

"Make this rep and I will take off my shirt."

That was all the motivation I needed. I downed my imaginary can of spinach and finished the rep going away. She removed her shirt like Brandi Chastain, only Tanya revealed a black sports bra containing ample breasts. I ripped through my stomach crunches. I sat down for my leg extensions and Tanya straddled me, playing with her nipples through her shirt while I exerted maximum effort. 

"Excellent work Rich, you deserve a reward."

She stood up and removed her shorts. I laid on my back for my chest presses and Tanya straddled me again. Each time I lifted the bar, she ground her crotch against mine. We moved on to leg curls. This time Tanya sat in front of me, her crotch in my face. I could see her sports panties were moist in the front. I tore through them also.

I finished the rest of my workout strong, even with my raging hard-on. We both got dressed. 

"Excellent job today Rich. Keep up the good work. If you perform well tonight I will have a special reward for you."

I fantasized about that all day and went right to the club after work. I noticed Mercy wasn't there. I asked Tanya about that.

"Mercy asked if she could substitute tennis for her workout tonight. She is doing so well we agreed. You will have me all to yourself tonight. Remove your shirt and shorts."

I climbed onto the cross trainer. Tanya came over and entered the settings for my workout. They were significantly higher than in the past. As I began warming up Tanya stood across from me and slowly stripped off her shirt and shorts just like this morning. 

"Keep the pace up. You keep going and I'll keep going.", she said as she slowly continued to do her strip tease. I picked up the pace as the pressure built in my crotch. 

After 30 minutes Tanya did a little dance as she reached behind her and unfastened her bra. She turned towards me and moved slowly, her bra now draped across her breasts. I licked my lips. She walked slowly towards the chair and turned to face me. She did a little dance and her bra slipped off her breasts revealing two luscious orbs with stiff nipples. She sat in a chair and caressed her breasts and played with her nipples.

After 40 minutes she stuck her thumbs into her waist band of her panties. I dug deep and picked up my pace. Without warning she shot her hands down revealing her blonde bush.

I wanted her so badly. But I knew the rules of the game so I just pedaled harder. Tanya sat in a chair facing me and began to play with herself while she stared into my eyes with a sultry look. She produced a vibrator and began to build herself up, timing herself with my workout. As I reached the climax of effort, she came in a rush. 

I raced home to relieve myself only to find Mercy waiting for me at the door. I was about to make a remark about her finishing tennis early, but the look in her face shut me up.

"Take your clothes off. I've decided to let you lick my pussy." 

I complied. Mercy had the upper hand. While I had slacked off on my physical training, I had kept up with my Kegels and tongue exercises. I had a head start on my tongue -- I was able to roll it and turn it upside down in either direction when I was in Junior High, though at the time I didn't really understand why the girls liked that so much. So it only took a few minutes before she was going through the roof.

"All right, slide on up here, but don't penetrate me or you will regret it,"

I did as I was told. She rubbed the head of my cock up and down her slit while I propped myself up with my arms. I wanted her so bad. I edged my body down very slightly to get a little penetration. She stopped and gave me a scolding look.

"Go sit in that chair over their. I want to watch you make yourself come."

I went over to the chair and fondled myself, watching her pull out her new favorite dildo. My balls were full. She was already aroused and was on her way towards an orgasm. I beat my cock against my palm while watching Mercy and dreaming about Tanya. I exploded in no time. 

I went over to the bed ready for another round but Mercy's look told me no. 

On the way home the next day Mercy told me she had a new instructor that week named Chris. She told me about playing tennis with Nancy, that she really liked her but she was really wild. She also told me Tanya said if I kept up the good work Mercy could let me have sex in a week. I wasn't sure I could wait that long. My cock was aching for pussy, especially the next morning when I had a naked workout again with Tanya.

I beat off in the shower after my workout but I was still craving real sex.

At work that day my boss came into my office and told me he needed me to fly to Chicago for the weekend. Jason was supposed to go, but his wife's mother died and he asked to go to the funeral.

My company is an entertainment consulting firm. Most of our business comes from restaurants but we have a few hotels too. The hotels often ask us to consult on weekends because they usually need advice about their non-business clients. I said yes and acted pleased. I didn't really have a choice.

I let Mercy know that evening.

"I guess I won't be able to torture you." she said smiling. "Maybe I will have to find someone else."

Tanya took the news in stride. I just told her I was going on a business trip and she didn't ask where. 

"Make sure you keep up on your workouts and your diet. I will be able to tell if you have when you come back."

She gave me a look that conveyed that she would let Mercy know too. Mercy drove me to the airport. I asked her what she was going to do while I was gone. She said she was meeting a friend for drinks that night but hadn't planned anything else yet. She seemed a little evasive but we were at the airport then so I just kissed her goodbye.

It was a nice hotel, the kind we called 'Suites and Eats', on the edge of the city. They gave me a good room. Normally it wouldn't be professional for me to go to the "manager's reception" with free drinks but they wanted me to mingle to see what the guests thought of the hotel. I only had two drinks there, enough not to stick out but not enough to affect my judgment. I got a table, put a newspaper down, and draped my jacket with the activated voice recorder on one of the chairs. I never sat down. Instead I walked slowly but with a purpose through the crowd, eavesdropping on conversations. 

By 6:25 there was a line for last call. By 6:45 the bar was virtually empty. Most of the people had either finished their drinks or taken them with them. The bartender knew my mission and slipped me a double Jack and Coke. I gave him a $5 tip and went to grab my jacket. I wanted to check out the rest of the hotel before looking for somewhere I could walk to for dinner.

"Are you going to abandon me too?"

I turned to see a pretty woman sitting at a table nursing a martini with a second one lined up. Her face was healthy and attractive. She was dressed casual but nice. She had a look about her. I wanted to buy some time. I pretended I hadn't heard her.

"I'm sorry."

"I said, 'You're not going to leave me all alone here are you?"

She smiled up at me. It was like a wonderful laser beam going into my head broadcasting sex, sex, sex.

"Well since you put it that way, I guess not."

I pulled out a chair and sat down. The first thing I noticed was how perfect she was. She had mid-length blonde hair, a beautiful face, ample boobs and an athletic build. Her smile had me. It was almost as if she was my benevolent puppet master and she knew it and knew I knew it.

The next thing I noticed was that she was wearing a wedding ring. But so was I. I was horny as hell. No one but my boss and Mercy knew I was in Chicago. Mercy had already fucked Dave and had had that private session with him and Cindy. She was going to fuck a bunch of other guys if we made it into the club. What was the harm in exploring where this was going?

She was staring at me. I realized I had spaced out. 

"I'm sorry."

"It's all right. I don't usually get that kind of reaction from a man. I'm Cathy. My friends call me Cat."

"I'm Rich, Am I your friend?"

"Sure. Especially if you take me to dinner."

"That's a date, Cat."

I had the company credit card. I asked Cat her opinion on the hotel to make it legitimate.

We sipped our drinks and then headed out for dinner. She knew the area and led me to a steak and seafood restaurant less than a five minute walk away. The hostess found us a small secluded table. We each ordered another drink and I ordered a bottle of Fourteen Hands Merlot.

We talked during dinner and it turned out we had a lot of the same interests and likes. I grew more and more attracted as we ate and the look in her eyes told me the feeling was mutual. Soon I felt her leg rubbing against mine under the table.

"Have you ever cheated on your wife?"

I was caught of guard. I had never had an affair but this wasn't how they did it in the movies. 

I debated the question. Obviously I had been with Cindy but I didn't see how one could call that 'cheating.'

"No, not exactly. And you?"

"My husband allows me to do whatever I tell him to."

For some reason that excited me more. We sipped the wine slowly. We were only half way done with the bottle when we were done eating. The restaurant was starting to get crowded.

"Why don't we go upstairs and we can finish that off?", she asked.

"That sounds great."

We headed for the elevator. As soon as the doors closed my hands were all over her. I went to kiss her but she covered my mouth with her hand and grabbed my crotch with the other one. 

The elevator door opened and we were on my floor. I didn't remember how we got there but I led her to my room. Once we were inside I excused myself and went to the bathroom.

I didn't want to be interrupted so I decided to launch a preemptive strike. There was no answer. Mercy must have found something to do. I left a message on her cell. .

"Hi Honey. I'm sorry I missed you. I have to a lot of important work this evening and probably won't be done until after midnight. I have to turn my ringer off but you can leave a message for me. I love you. Bye."

When I came back Cat was laying on the bed with a deck of cards.

"Care to play a little strip War?"

My tongue was paralyzed but my cock was not. I had always had a thing for 'sex games.' I liked the idea of chance becoming involved and had put that on my questionnaire. I had played them by myself sometimes but never really got to play one in real life. If I had had any doubts about what I was doing this sealed the deal.

"I'm game. How does it work?"

"Much like regular war. We divide the deck in half. We each turn over our top card. Whoever has the lower card removes a piece of clothing. Twos are considered Spies and can capture Aces but nothing else. Ties are carried over to the next round. Once someone loses the other person starts earning 'favors' until they have lost all their clothes. We each get an allowance of eight pieces of clothing."

"Deal'em up"

I won the first round. We tied the next two and she won, so I took off my shoes and a sock. We traded punches the next three rounds. I was down to my pants and underwear while she had only removed shoes and socks.

After I won the next round she peeled off her shirt revealing a sexy bra that accentuated her breasts and stirred my cock more. If she hadn't noticed it before she did after the next round when I removed my pants. My jockeys were bulging. 

She showed a Queen the next round and I thought I as done until I pulled out a King. She stood up and did a slow strip tease revealing her black thong. As the winner I went first the next round and pulled an Ace. I wasn't even done celebrating when she pulled out her two.

"I forgot a rule. I get to remove your last piece of clothing. Get over here."

I wasn't sure she hadn't just made that up but I stood up and walked over. She grabbed my hips and positioned my crotch in front of her. She slowly traced the outline of my cock with her index finger, stealing glances up at my face. She continued to glance up at me as she hooked her fingers in my waist band and peeled my shorts down.

My cock sprung out towards her mouth and she opened it as if to trap it but just blew on it instead. She stopped my reverie.

"We need to finish our game."

I had forgotten about that rule. She won two more rounds earning two 'favors' from me before losing two in a row. Before she stripped she made me come over to her and turn around at which point she secured my hands behind my back with a curtain sash. She sat me in a chair and gave me a lap dance as she slowly removed her bra. My cock was trying to rip through her panties. I was practically drooling as she first showed her tantalizing breasts and then stood up and revealed her pretty pussy. She had a small tattoo of a slinky black cat high on her left thigh.

She smiled at me with that smile and walked behind me. She unfastened my hands. 

"I want to watch you make yourself come. I love to watch guys masturbate for me."

The idea turned me on. I had liked doing it for Mercy but doing it in front of a woman I had just met was much more exciting. Sometimes the idea of a second orgasm is like the idea of eating on a full stomach. But that was usually duty sex which this definitely wasn't. When I am really turned on the second time as well as any times after that are better than the first.

I decided to give Cat a show. If she was expecting me to start yanking on my cock she was disappointed. I gave her the full treatment. I caressed my cock and balls tenderly. I ran my hands over my nipples, I squeezed my balls with one hand while stroking my cock with the other. I moaned with pleasure. I pulled my cock up against my chest while I gently feathered the underside, focusing on the crown. 

Cat shifted in her chair. Her nipples were stiffening and her hands wandered to her pussy. I had her. 

I could have taken her then, but I wanted to finish the show. I looked her in the eyes as I got serious. I started imagining all the things we were going to do that evening. I quickened my pace, alternately running my encircled hand up and down my cock and beating it against my palm. 

Cat abandoned any pretense of decorum. She stared back at me as her hands busied themselves bringing herself off, reading my fantasies exposed on my face.

I felt my balls starting to brew and I slowed down to wait for Cat. We were fucking each other with our eyes. Her breathing became heated while I treaded water. Her eyes suddenly got more intense and then an alien sound came from deep inside her as she unleashed a monster orgasm. 

I followed right behind her. I had an orgasm like no other. It was not better or worse but definitely great and different. When I spiked I felt my mind totally wiped as it was invaded with stabbing pleasure. I squirted all over my palms, the chair, and the floor. I came down just as quickly and collapsed in my chair.

After a minute I looked over at Cat. We smiled at each other knowingly. I felt my libido pumping and I sprang out of my chair to lead her to bed.

The Beatles saved my life. 

I heard the refrain "Calling, yes I am calling..." from the Across the Universe soundtrack. It took me a moment to realize I had forgotten to turn my ringer off. It had a Pavlovian affect on me, though it took a moment to sink in. I turned back towards Cat, planning to ignore it, but her face let me know the spell was broken just as I realized I couldn't ignore the call. I turned away from her.
