 Genevieve surveyed the scene before her. The glow of candlelight softened the atmosphere. A bottle of champagne was chilling in a bucket on the small table, two glasses waiting to fulfill their purpose. The night was alive with purpose.

She walked over to open the French doors and stepped out onto the balcony. Wherefore art thou Romeo indeed, she thought to herself. The cool breeze brought her the scent of wild roses tinged slightly with the salt from the ocean. The breeze tugged at her curls and she tossed her auburn hair over her shoulders. She pulled the scarlet satin robe closer together.

Genevieve didn't hear Jared enter the room over the sound of the waves gently lapping the shore. Silent and graceful as a great cat he walked up behind her and slipped his arms around her waist. Genevieve closed her eyes and leaned her head against his lean chest. She breathed in his clean, crisp, manly scent and sighed.

"You're here," she said simply.

"You knew I would be," he replied. She could hear the smile in his voice. He bent to kiss her neck, and she shivered in anticipation.

"Come inside," he whispered, "its getting cold." 

At that moment, Genevieve was anything, but cold.

"Champagne?", she asked.

"Yes please," he replied. "Everything looks wonderful... you look wonderful." He admired the fall of the scarlet satin as it draped her ample breasts and dipped around her curvy body. Her full head of curls cascaded softly down her back. Her blue eyes shimmered in the candlelight. He could smell the perfume she had applied earlier and the whole effect was breath taking.

She smiled up at him. He looked like he could have stepped off the cover of GQ magazine, in his jeans, a crisp white dress shirt and a casual blazer. His black curly hair was unruly but it was those deep dark eyes that looked right through her and his full sensuous lips that made her heart beat double time. Flustered, she poured the champagne and offered Jared a glass.

"A toast?" Genevieve held up her glass.

"To you Milady." He bowed formally.

"To you sweet Prince and to this night." Genevieve raised her glass and drank.

Jared placed both of their glasses back on the table. He took her hand and pulled her to him. Running his hand through her hair, he bent to kiss her. She tasted of the crisp, cold champagne. Gently, he parted her full lips with his tongue. A small gasp of surprise escaped Genevieve's lips but she obliged by prolonging the kiss, her tongue matching the searching probe of his.

"You don't know how long I've wanted to do that, Genevieve." he breathed.

"You don't know how long I've wanted you to do that Jared," she replied.

Jared bent his head to kiss her again, this time harder. He caught her bottom lip between his lips and sucked gently. Genevieve moaned in response. His hands roamed the length of her back gliding over the scarlet coloured satin gown she wore. Her anxious hands pushed his blazer off and it slid to the floor. She broke the kiss so her shaking fingers could undo the buttons of his shirt.

"Need help?" he teased.

"No I want to enjoy this - all of it." She smiled.

Jared allowed Genevieve to finish unbuttoning his shirt. It too fell to the floor. She kissed his chest as she ran her fingertips over his back. He shivered slightly and began to push her towards the bed.

They kissed again, both of them breathing hard as the passion overwhelmed them. Jared slid the straps of Genevieve's gown over her shoulders and it slid down the length of her body and pooled at her feet. They fell onto the bed kissing passionately. Jared broke the kiss trailing his tongue down her neck to her breasts. He cupped one breast, kneading it making the nipple erect. He flicked his tongue over the tip and using his teeth he drew it into his mouth to suck on it. As he worked on one nipple with his mouth his hand teased the other nipple into an aching tightness. Genevieve arched her back silently begging for Jared to suck harder.

He nudged her legs apart to position himself better. She felt his hard cock straining through his jeans, and she began to tremble. Jared opened his eyes.

"What's wrong, Princess?"

"Nothing... I ... don't know."

"Open your eyes and look at me." 

She opened her eyes and looked into the dark depths that were his eyes.

"I promise I won't hurt you. We will go as fast or as slow as you want to. Trust me."

He took her hand and placed on his throbbing crotch. "See what you do to me?" Jared stood up and unbuttoned his jeans. He looked at her, his eyes questioning her desire to go on.

"You are sure... we can stop now?"

"No." Genevieve whispered, "Please don't stop."

In one fluid movement both his jeans and underwear were on the floor. Genevieve gasped at the sight of his body naked in the candlelight. He was a God. The blood pounded through her veins. Her clit throbbed and she could feel her cunt grow very wet. I was born for this moment she thought.

Genevieve pushed herself up off the bed and knelt before him. She licked her lips and taking his cock in her hands, she guided it into her mouth. Jared groaned in appreciation. She flicked the head of his cock with her tongue, making him catch his breath. Using her tongue she bathed the shaft in saliva. He wrapped his hand in her thick curls and pushed his cock down her throat. Rhythmically, she began sucking him. 

"If you - want this - to last - you need to stop," Jared said between clenched teeth. She looked up at him, again flicking the head of his cock. "You taste so good," she teased. 

He pulled her to her feet, and laid her back onto the bed. "Now let's see how you taste."

Her parted the lips of her drenched pussy and rubbed her swollen clit with his thumb.

"Mmm. You are so wet. What caused all this?"

"You did - tease," she gasped.

He bent his head and ran his tongue up and down her drenched labia. Genevieve began to shake in earnest. She was so turned on by what he was doing. Her whole body was in tune with his.

Jared slipped one finger inside her and then a second, as his tongue massaged her swollen clit. It was more than she could take. She shook harder and cried out.

"Oh my God, Jared, don't stop!"

He thrust his fingers and guided her through her first orgasm. With shuddering breaths she opened her eyes. "Wow."

"Wow?" Jared laughed. "That's it?"

"No words," she sighed. "Come here. I want you to fuck me."

She pulled him on top of her and kissed him. She could taste her own juices on his lips.

Genevieve opened her legs wider, allowing him access.

"God, Jared, you are so big, be careful"

Jared chuckled. "Don't worry, Princess. You are more than ready."

He slid inside her with minimal effort, revelling in the ecstasy of the first penetration. "Slow, slow," he reminded himself. He wanted this to last for her.

Genevieve wrapped her legs around his waist, encouraging Jared to fuck her deeply. He bent his head and gently bit her neck. She gasped and arched up to him. He moaned, and grasping her thighs he began to fuck her with deep, penetrating strokes. 

"Oh God yes Jared. Fuck me. FUCK ME!" 

Despite her insistency, Jared stopped completely and pulled out. Genevieve opened her eyes and looked up at his face.

"Is something wrong? Why did you stop?" Genevieve's voice was almost pleading.

"I want you from behind Princess," he explained. 

Jared leaned down and kissed her long and hard. Taking her hand he pulled her up to him so she could roll over. Leaning over her, Jared kissed the small of Genevieve's back. He ran his hands over the expanse of her bare skin and she shivered with pleasure. Guiding his cock, he slid effortlessly inside of her again, and a moan escaped from her lips. Grasping her ass tightly, his deep long penetrating strokes reached the very core of her being. Genevieve's breathing grew ragged and shallow as she felt herself on the brink of climax.

"Oh, Jared, I am going to cum."

That was all he needed to hear. Once, twice, three more hard strokes. Her cunt contracted around his cock and he exploded deep inside her. He continued to fuck her as she cried out again and again.

They both collapsed onto the bed. He rolled to his side, pulling her closer, and drawing the sheet over them.

"Rest awhile, Princess. There's more if you want it later"

"You know I do sweet Prince. You know I do."