 The night wound up like all the others. His wife going to bed at 9 and him lying around asking if it will ever get better. Since her hysterectomy last April, Stacie seemed to lose interest in her husband. Nick, meanwhile, was waiting for Stacie to "snap" out of the funk she was in. It had been a month since their last fuck and that seemed a lifetime ago and was no better than jacking off. 

When they met Nick couldn't imagine things getting much better. Stacie was smokin' hot! The type of girl that Nick never stood a chance with. They worked in the same building but had never spoken to each other before that fateful day. They were from different worlds.

Nick had just parked his car in the parking garage when he noticed the black Mercedes S Class limping into the garage. It seems the driver had a flat and barely made to the first available parking spot. By luck, that spot was right where Nick stood. As Stacie got out of the car Nick froze! His mouth agape, and his limbs unable to move. It's as if she was plucked right from his dreams. A tall statuesque brunette, with striking green eyes, long slender legs and a smile that demanded a man's full attention! She was dressed in a very professional dress suit with a splash of color that highlighted her eyes and accented her natural beauty. Time stood still for just a moment.

"All of days! Does it look bad?"...Stacie asked and waited... "Hello?"

Not sure how long he had been entranced, Nick jumped as if he was startled. "oh, um, wha?, No! no, its not that bad." Nick stammered. "Just a simple flat."

"Simple?" Stacie responded "Nothing is that simple."

"Sure it is, a quick tire change and you're on your way!"

"Quick huh?" Stacie retorted. "I really don't have time for a flat. I have a 9 o'clock with the Marketing VP and the East Coast Director of Operations."

"I'll tell you what, trust me with your keys and by the time your meeting starts I'll be done." Nick offered.

"Excuse me? I don't even know you!"

"Nick Prescott, Vice President of Auto Repairs." Nick fired back as he extended his right hand. The quick response caught him by surprise, he never had that luck when it came to "lines" and here he is in front of his dream girl and he pops off the best line of his adult life! Sad, but true.

Stacie chuckled, then bit her lower lip to compose herself. The scene was nothing short of spectacular for Nick. She looked incredible! The biting of the lower lip caused Nick's cock to spring to life! His bulging dick pressing hard against pants and his face felt flush. 

Extending her hand to meet his, "Stacie Cromwell, nice to meet you." Glancing down the obvious excitement did not go unnoticed. The fact that her last name was the same as the name that christened the top of the high rise building they stood in had not registered to Nick. Besides being sexually aroused he was star struck by the brightest star that has every entered his world.

"I'll tell you what, Nick Prescott, VP of Auto Repairs, if that's who you say you are. You get that tire changed and I will be forever grateful."

Knowing that would be as good as it gets for him he smiled and reached for her keys and went for broke. "That's it? Grateful?" He paused.

"What?" Stacie replied, somewhat off guard. "What do you mean, 'that's it?"

"Well, I mean, if you think about it, I'm your prince in shining armour, coming to your rescue." Pausing long enough to have second thoughts but feeling as bold as ever. "I'm willing to be late to my job to help you and all I get is gratitude?" A wry smile splashed across his face.

Struck by his bold and confident manner caught Stacie unprepared. 'Nobody talks to me that way!' She muttered to herself. The tone and confidence Nick possessed caused a slight dampening between Stacie's legs and her knees buckled, just a bit, but enough to cause her to pause. She could feel the pink lace thong getting wet. The sensation excited her! This guy has balls she thought "I tell you what Nick. You change that tire and deliver my keys by 9 and we'll see what else I can come up with."

"Fair enough! I think I can handle that." Nick smiled as he seemed to enjoy this sense of bravado that took control. His cock taming itself as if he had run through this a hundred times before.

"Fine!" Tossing the keys toward Nick. "Bring my keys to the 19th floor. See you by 9."

The clock was ticking. 30 minutes to complete a tire change was more than do-able but how much trouble would it cost him with his boss? "Fuck it!" he muttered, as he reached in the truck for the spare. The tire change was quick, 15 minutes, and relatively painless. Nick was pleasantly surprised by his automotive prowess. Now, if he only was that smooth with the ladies.

As he entered the elevator Nick knew his boss would be pissed. The higher ups wanted the new web design before lunch and he knew it was crunch time. How to solve the system crashes on startup seemed to stump everyone, including Nick. Being an hour late would not start the day on the best of notes. Just as he focused on his job, the bell of the elevator snapped him out of his trance. 19 lit the board. His stop.

As he exited the car Nick was expecting Stacie to be seated at the reception desk, but as he approached there were two older less attractive clerks at the desk. A little confused Nick asked if Stacie was available. The two ladies met his puzzled look with one of their own. Why would an IT geek ask for Ms. Cromwell by her first name? they wondered.

"Who is calling?" the older chubby one asked.

"Nick" pausing, "oh Nick Prescott."

"Have a seat Mr. Prescott. Ms. Cromwell will be right with you." The reception said as she pointed to the chairs just off to the right of Nick.

The younger of the two picked up the phone and quickly set it back down. As she did the "Cromwell Industries" in gold letters above her head seemed to slap Nick into a stark reality he was unprepared for. Before nerves could set in, there she was. Smiling and looking down with those green eyes meeting his.

"Well, 10 minutes to spare. I am impressed Nick Prescott. I can see why you are VP of Automotive." A wink followed and for the second time that day Nick was speechless.

"Follow me." Stacie stated as she started back toward the massive double oak doors.

Nick followed like an obedient dog. His eyes fixed on her hips as they swung from side to side. Her ass looked so inviting in the skirt he wanted, just like a dog, to sniff her ass and smell her sex. His cock sprung back to attention and he knew embarrassment was quickly approaching. 

Trying to suppress his raging hard on and gather his thoughts he starts to speak as Stacie closes the door behind him.

"Thank you for taking care of that so quickly. I really am grateful." Stacie spoke as Nick's eyes locked on breast as she turned to face him. Was it him or did she open her blouse a little more than it was in the parking lot? Her cleavage was more pronounced and the scent of her perfume was driving Nick crazy. Stacie noticed Nick's stares along with his raging hard on and the wetness returned. Stacies twisted a subtle twist to rub her thighs together. A small gasp escaped her lips and Nick was on foreign ground.

"Ms. Cromwell, I meant no disrepect..." Her finger touches his lip ever so slightly to cut him off.

"Shh!" she whispered. "I can see that graditude won't be enough." She said, as her eyes locked on his bulge.

Knowing that time was limited Stacie pushed Nick against the oak doors and pushed her lips to his, nothing to forceful, just a nice gentle kiss. Nick, stunned for just a second, began to return the kiss. To say he was dizzy would be understating it. He was drunk with passion and stunned by the sudden change of events.

Just as he started to slip his tongue into her mouth she pulled away. Just as quickly as it started, it came to a crushing end. Or so Nick thought. But he couldn't be more wrong! As she pulled her mouth away he felt her hand squeeze his cock, a gentle squeeze to assess the size, and girth of what he had to offer. A devilish smile crossed her lips and slowly she lowered herself to her knees.

Nick stood motionless, not wanting to fuck this up; he did not utter a peep. Stacie rubbed his cock through his pants and Nick thought he might lose it before they started. She reached for his belt and loosened it with ease. The button popped and Nick could not believe what was going on. His head spinning like a college drunk. Stacie pulled his pants to his knees and placed her mouth against his boxer briefs. A breath of warm air could be felt through the cotton and Nick was sure this was a dream. His cock strained against the briefs, begging to be released.

Slowly Stacie pulled his briefs down until his cock sprung out, Nick's cock with purple and stretched to its limits. "Oh my god!" Stacie breathlessly exclaimed! 

At 7 inches it wasn't the longest, but what he lacked in length he made up for in girth. His cock was fat! Under-utilized, but extremely thick to the point of fat. His ex hated it. She constantly reminded him that sex was not fun for her. Nick was too inexperienced to realize that his girth was the problem, not him, and so it attacked his self-confidence.

Stacie quickly made up for that. She grabbed the base of his cock and began to greedily suck the head of his dick. Running her tongue around the tip and easing just the tip into her hot, wet mouth, driving Nick crazy. Her pussy began twitch and the wet spot was growing to the point that it began to run down her leg. She had not felt this wet in sometime and it pleased her to please him. She refocused on Nick's cock. Just as Stacie slid her mouth over Nick's cock he let go! Thick heavy ropes of cum shooting down Stacie's throat. Unfazed, Stacie moaned in acceptance and swallowed his load without pause. Nick did everything he could to maintain some silence as the sensation washed over him. His knees buckled and his head felt light and dizzy. Not wanting to draw attention he bit his finger and pushed as his cock deeper as the final thrust of cum hit the back of Stacie's throat.

They both maintained their positions for a moment as they recovered. Stacie's eyes looking up to meet Nick's approving smile. That look of her knelt down before him, with her green eyes begging for more ignited a fire inside him and his cock bounced right back to life. This time Nick took control. He grabbed Stacie's hair, wrapped it around his fist and began to face fuck her. Shock and pleasantly surprised, Stacie eagerly began to suck again, this time taking him all in. Her mouth strained but she took every inch of him in her wanting mouth. Nick pushed his cock deeper as he pulled her into him. He guttural choking sounds only inspired Nick to push harder. Meeting little resistance from her only encouraged him to continue.

Nick was enjoying every moment as he buried his cock down her throat. The wet, hot mouth and rhythmic pace caused Nick to blow his second load. Stacie had backed up a bit as to not choke, but again she took every drop. This load was bigger than the last and Nick was forced to brace himself against the door, causing a slight thud as he fell back. Nick paused, unsure if attention from outside would interrupt the incredible blow job he was getting.

Catching his breath, Nick glanced at his watch. "Fuck! I'm dead meat!"

Stacie was composing herself when she heard Nick. Turning and smiling like a satisfied minx, she assures Nick that everything will be fine. "Howard Gibson is your boss, right?"

"Yeah, he is a stickler for being on time and now I'm an hour late. I'm screwed." replied Nick, forgetting who he is talking to.

Stacie grabs her phone and punches in a four digit extension. "Howard! Stacie Cromwell." Stacie paused, waiting for a response. "Good Morning to you too! Listen, I have Nick..." she paused, looking at Nick for refresher on his last name.

"Prescott" Nick whispered.

"Prescott!" Stacie quickly repeated. "I have Nick Prescott working on my desk top." Another brief pause. "I realize that he has not clocked in, and that is the reason for my call." Muffled talk from Gibson followed by Stacie letting him know that nick would be down as soon as he is done and little resistance from the head IT nerd.

As Stacie hung up the phone, Nick realized that it was quickly approaching 9 a.m. and it was time for Stacie's meeting. As he started to open the door Stacie stepped in front of him. Grabbing him by the back of his head she pulled him in for a parting kiss. Her lips like soft pillows met his and Nick could taste his cum on her lips just as she sunk her tongue in his mouth. The taste shocked him at first. But he quickly realized how much it excited him! He never thought about it before, but suddenly he was turned on by the taste of his own cum on her lips! Grabbing her ass he pulls her in closer. His tongue meets hers and his cock springs back to life once again. 

Just as the kiss ended, Stacie grabbed Nick's cock and whispered in his ear. "I'm not done with you yet, Nick Prescott." 

Like many men before him, Nick left Stacie's office with a raging hard on, but unlike those before him, Nick had a smile of satisfaction, a fact that did not go unnoticed by the two seniors behind the reception desk.