 The Final Chapter

Kay was not sure what had awoken her but she sat bolt upright in bed first staring at the door. The chair was still in place so what had woken her? She heard a click and turned quickly towards her balcony door. Roper was standing in the doorway looking at her with a very sinister look on his face.

“Did you really think you could keep me out of here tonight Kay,” he said as he walked slowly towards the bed.

Kay had enough time to jump out of bed before he got to her. They stood there staring at each other across the bed. “Roper get out of my room right now.” He didn’t move. “You got what you deserved and you know it, we’re even so let’s just leave it at that.”

“Do you think what you did to me makes us even Kay? I don’t remember drugging you and leaving you tied up for two hours, although tying you up is a pleasant idea I must say.”

“I’m not going to let you attack me again Roper, now please leave. If you don’t leave I will tell my uncle in the morning that I wish to leave and I will tell him it’s because of your unwanted advances believe me.”

Roper could see in her eyes that she meant every word she said. She had a lot of spirit he’d give her that. If he was going to be damned for taking her then he might as well enjoy her one last time. “Well in that case, I might as well give you good reason to hate me then. Besides, I remember taking you to full climax and not leaving you hanging full of desire, so we are not even Kay, not by a long shot.” He lunged across the bed grabbing for her getting a handful of the T-shirt she was wearing.

Kay grabbed the lamp on the bedside table and smashed it over his head. He was dazed and had let go of her. She ran to the door, pulled the chair away flinging open the door and ran down the hall towards the door. She knew he would get his senses back any minute and knew he was bound to catch up to her no matter where she ran.

She pushed the door open then slid back behind the huge grandfather clock over in a small alcove hiding in the shadows behind it. She heard him running down the hall towards her hoping he would not be able to see her hiding behind the clock. He ran past her and through the door, she could hear him running down the stairs. 

She ran back towards her room then at the last minute she turned and went in his room instead. She half expected him to come back any minute to check her room again when he realized the front door was closed. If he checked her room again and couldn’t find her then maybe he would think she had gone outside and would go looking around the property for her. She found his closet and hid inside in case he looked in his room as well.

A couple of minutes had passed when she heard him out in the hall. She had guessed right, he had came back to see if she had slipped back into her room. 

“Dam it, where the fuck did she go,” he mumbled to himself. 

She heard his footsteps walking away from the room. Then she heard the hallway door close as he headed down the stairs again. She opened the closet door and walked over to his window looking out on the front of the property. She stood to the side watching to see if he would emerge outside. It had begun to rain lightly but the sky was still bright with stars and the moon. Then she saw him walking towards the big barn where he had kissed her last night.

She didn’t have much time to think, she couldn’t stay in his room he was bound to come back. If she went to her room and tried to lock him out again he would still find a way to get in she was sure of that. 

She was wondering what she was going to do as she turned back from the window. She looked around his room, everything in here spoke of the strong man who slept here. The king size bed in the center of the room seemed to dominate the room. She involuntarily shivered looking at the huge bed imagining them both in it. What the hell was she thinking, she turned to head to the door and there he was standing in the doorway watching her. 

He closed the door and walked slowly towards her. “Well, what a nice surprise. I never expected you to be waiting for me in my room.”

Kay didn’t know what to do now, there was no escape he would catch her before she could ever make it to the door. “Please Roper, I want to go back to my room and go to bed. My head is throbbing from all this nonsense. I just want to go to sleep.”

He didn’t move, instead he reached for the zipper on his jeans and started to undress. “Fine, you can go to sleep but not until I’m done with you and when I am you’ll sleep in my bed,” he told her.

“What! You can’t be serious!” he was naked now and she was in total shock. “What makes you think that....” she didn’t get to finish her sentence as he pushed her down onto his bed. 

He had fallen on top of her pinning her to his bed as he had the night before. She was really fighting him with every ounce of strength in her. She bit his shoulder making him winch in pain, “stop it Kay, stop fighting, you’re the only one who is going to get hurt if you don’t,” he told her through clenched teeth.

She struggled with him for five more minutes until she was weak and out of breath. “Please don’t do this,” she begged him.

“Begging me to stop is not the kind of begging I’m looking for Kay, or have you forgotten last night already,” he told her trying to kiss her.

Kay had managed to evade his seeking mouth, she still had some fight in her and if he tried to use one of his hands to grab her face she would bite him again and fight him with all her strength. She was not going to make it easy for him.

“Let me go Roper, I mean it! Do you always force yourself on women who don’t want your attentions?”

“Normally they give themselves to me without any effort on my part,” he told her rather smugly. 

“Then go bed one of them, at least their willing and I’m not!” She had turned to face him when she told him that, giving him the opportunity to kiss her. She kept her mouth tightly closed no matter how hard he tried to force it open with his kiss. His mouth ground into hers and she tasted her own blood.

“The more you fight, the longer it will last Kay.”

“Why me Roper? Why are you doing this to me, when I know there are women who would welcome you into their beds?”

“Because I want you, if I wanted someone else I would go to her,” he tried to kiss her again but she turned her face away. He was frustrated as hell, if he let go of her with one of his hands she would fight him tooth and nail he knew that. Last night she was in shock and he was able to get the upper hand, tonight she was not so easily subdued.

“Roper I’m not your type of woman, so why are you doing this to me?”

“How the hell would you know what type of woman I want or need,” he asked her.

“I saw the woman hanging on your arm at the party and later when you were kissing her over by the barn. I also saw pictures of your ex wife when George was showing me his picture albums and some of the girls you dated when you were younger and living here on the ranch. I’m nothing like them. Roper, listen to me please. George loves you like a son anyone can see that, and he respects you. How do you think he would feel if he found out you forced yourself on his best friends niece while she was a guest in your home?” Kay hoped that little speech would make Roper see the huge mistake he was making. 

“Kay you have known me for two days, how can you possibly know what I want. While I have known you most of my life. I’ve seen you grow up, through Georges pictures on his trips. I even knew when you married and that the man obviously didn’t think enough of you to marry you in church, only in front of a magistrate. I knew when you finally left him and divorced him, I would even recognize your children if I passed them on the street. Seeing the pictures you sent George over the years. No Kay, I’ve known you almost a lifetime, and you have only known me two days.”

“What do you mean? I don’t understand any of this Roper! I’m so confused I give up, I can’t think straight and I’m to tired to fight you anymore. If you insist on doing this then go ahead, I won’t fight you,” she told him with defeat in her voice.

Roper looked at her for a long time. Her body had relaxed and she was no longer fighting his hold on her. He moved slowly off her body and gathered her in his arms. “Go to sleep Kay, I promise I won’t do anything,” he wrapped his leg over hers tucking her in close to his chest. He kissed her softly on her forehead then rested his chin on top of her head. “We’re both tired Kay, close your eyes and go to sleep.”

Kay didn’t move, his arm felt good across her. It had been a very long time since she had slept in anybody’s arms. She didn’t even remember falling asleep.

She was having a nice dream. Roper was making love to her, she had let down her defenses and he was making love to her. All of a sudden her eyes flew open, this was no dream this was very real! “Roper, stop, you promised you wouldn’t do this.”

“I lied. It’s hard to lay with a woman in your arms when your naked and she almost and not touch her,” he told her by way of explaining his actions. His hand was under her shirt, playing with her nipple. It took all his willpower to not slip his finger into her when he began waking her up slowly. He leaned down and kissed her forcing her lips apart to accept his tongue. His tongue mated with hers for a long time before he broke the kiss. Both of them breathing hard and both of them very aroused. “Just tonight Kay, don’t fight me. Just give yourself to me willingly, just for tonight,” he asked her softly?

Kay said nothing, and in that moment of time she knew she was going to do as he asked, because it was what she wanted as well. She pulled his head back to her mouth and kissed him hungrily. Kay was now the aggressor in this sexual game the two of them were playing.

Roper let her have her way, enjoying her kisses and the feel of her hands on his body. When she wrapped her hand around his cock, he deepened their kiss. He let his hand wonder down to the edge of her T-shirt and to her womanhood. His finger entered her slowly delighting in her wetness.

Kay had moaned when his finger entered her and he began to slowly finger fuck her. His finger was on her clit now rubbing it in circles making her squirm in the pleasure of it.

Roper could wait no longer, he had dreamed of this for years. He slid down her body opening her legs wider with his hand so his mouth would have easy access to her. His tongue dove in deeply, savoring the taste of her. He lapped at the sides of her vulva making sure he was getting all of her wetness on his tongue. He sucked at her lips as he moved to her clit, his tongue was hard and firm as he pressed it against her hard bud, licking it. He wrapped his lips around it and began sucking and licking. Kay was all over the place now and he had to hold her down firmly as he pleasured her. He was going to pull her lips further apart so he could get a good hold of her clit when she surprised him by sitting up, pushing him over onto his back and immediately going down on him.

Kay wanted this, she was going to give him as much pleasure as she could, she would make up for the horrible way she left him that afternoon. Her hand was gentle on his leathered sack, caressing him as her mouth moved up and down his shaft. Her tongue would flick him here and there as she sucked his cock. She sucked the head of his cock, like a babe nursing at his mothers breast and she could tell she drove him crazy. He was hard and throbbing in her mouth, she could feel his veins swelling as his cock filled with his seed. Not much longer and she would know the taste of him.

He tried to pull her from his cock, he was close to coming and he wanted to cum inside her. She didn’t give up her hold on his cock. He tried again, “Kay please honey you have to stop or I’m going to cum.” She only sucked him harder and with more determination. Roper was going to lose it if he didn’t get her to stop. He grabbed her shoulders again trying to pull her up and away from his cock. 

She took the entire length of him in her mouth and Roper gasped, tensing. He was going to shoot his load. She sucked his cock harder moving up and down the length of it, her warm mouth so wet and inviting that he could no longer deny the pressure building up inside of him. The flood gates opened spilling his seed into her hungry mouth. 

She swallowed it all, loving the taste of him. She didn’t let his cock go right away, she slowly licked every drop only stopping when she felt she had gotten the last little taste of his cum.

“My god Kay, that was more than I ever hoped for, it was fantastic.” He had pulled her up and into his arms when she finally released him. He kissed her deeply and he could feel the beginnings of desire building back up in him.

“I owed you that for the deplorable way I treated you today.”

He tensed when she said that and Kay recognized that he was thinking she had only done that to prove to him she could or as some kind or payment. “Roper...I wanted to do that for you, I wanted to know the taste of you. I did this afternoon as well and almost couldn’t stop myself from finding out. I did not do that for you because it was what you wanted, I did it because it was what I wanted to give to you.” She wanted him to understand she did it freely.

Roper relaxed his body at her admission. His hand was stroking her long hair, he loved that her hair was long, so many women her age had given up long hair for the shorter easier to keep up hair styles. He let his hand roam down her back till he reached the hem of her T-shirt pulling it up so that his hand could wander across her bare fanny. “Your not going to get any more sleep this night Kay,” he said just before he kissed her again.

At 7:00 the following morning Kay returned to her room to shower and dress for breakfast. This was their last day here at the ranch. She had hurried up and cleaned up the broken lamp from the night before trying to figure out how she was going to explain it being broken. She was just finishing up when Roper strode into her room to walk her down to breakfast. “I don’t know how I’m going to explain this,” she told him.

Roper reached for the back his head where she had connected with the lamp. “ About as easily as I can about this knot I have because of it. Just tell them you had a nightmare and knocked it off the table.”

“I’m sorry about your head Roper, but you were asking for it admit it.”

He gathered her in his arms kissing her hard and long. “I don’t mind the bump, the rewards I got after outweigh the pain 100%.”

Kay didn’t see Roper the rest of the day. He was out working with some of the men on the far South side of the property. She spent most of her day with her aunt and Betty in the kitchen baking up a bunch of breads, cakes, pies, and cookies along with some big pots of stew and a couple of casseroles. One of George’s neighbors wife just had her forth child and Betty was cooking and baking enough stuff to help tide the kids and hubby over till she was back on her feet again. They delivered all the food that afternoon and stayed and chatted with the family for a bit cooing over the new little boy addition to the family.

This was their last night at the ranch and George was taking everyone into town for a farewell dinner at his favorite Steak House. When she came downstairs, Roper told her she could ride with him. It was a 30 minute drive to the Steak House and she and Roper talked about everything except what had happened between them the last two nights. His son was arriving tomorrow night to stay for a week while on leave from the Navy then he would be spending the last week with his mother who lived down in the Keys.

Kay wondered why his marriage had broken up but she didn’t ask. She couldn’t imagine anyone not wishing to stay married to him. It sure couldn’t have been because of the sex, he had more than proved himself in that department.

The enjoyed a nice meal, listening to George and Uncle Chuck talk about the “good old days”.

“Kay what ever happened to that man that lived down the street from you who kept asking you out and sending you all those flowers,” aunt Kay was asking her?

“He finally got the hint and gave up.”

“Did you break some poor mans heart Kay,” this coming from Roper?

“You would have loved it Roper her uncle was saying to him. I was talking with her dad and he had introduced me to the guy. Kay was inside the house getting us some drinks and her son was helping us load some tack into the truck. Her father mentioned in good fun that he had kept asking our Kay out but she always said no. Kay’s son hearing our conversation piped in that he had told him a hundred times his mom wouldn’t date him because #1 he was to old, but more importantly, he didn’t drive a pickup with a bass boat on the end of it so she’d never have anything to do with him period.” Everyone started laughing and Kay had the good grace to blush.

They were on the road heading back to the ranch after their meal. They had been driving along for about 5 minutes when Roper turned to her. “I hope your not planning on sleeping in your room tonight?”

“Aren’t you assuming a bit much Roper,”she asked him?

“I wasn’t assuming anything. I was stating a fact that if you were thinking of sleeping in your room you would be mistaken.”

Kay undid her seatbelt and slid over in the seat until she was sitting close by his side. She had her left hand on his shoulder moving up to play with his hair. Her right hand was on his thigh, rubbing his leg, not quite coming close enough to touch his cock, but enough to tease him that she might at any moment. She leaned in close letting her lips graze his neck, her tongue licking up to his ear. She took his ear lobe between her teeth and bit down gently. “What if I don’t want to sleep with you again Roper, are you going to ignore my wishes again? 

Before he could comment she went on, “ better yet....what if I don’t want to wait that long?” She had moved her hand up to his jeans undoing his zipper and the button reaching her hand inside to pull his cock out. Kay lowered her head taking him fully into her mouth, she felt the seat move back as he gave her more room to move about. She took her time sucking his cock, slowly stroking it with her tongue and mouth. 

Roper was trying to keep his mind on his driving and not on the woman giving him a blow job. She had a very talented mouth he would never deny that. Maybe she was thinking if she drained him in the car he would forget about his threat of her spending the night in his bed once again. She was very wrong if that is what she was up to. He had no plans on letting her sleep at all tonight. He had been trying to think of something all day that George could do to convince them to stay longer. He needed more time with her.

Roper’s mind stopped wandering as he felt his climax nearing, the minx was going to make him cum! He gripped the wheel tightly as his orgasm surged forward into her waiting mouth.

Kay didn’t bother to try to zip his pants back up. She slid across the seat, redid her seatbelt, then told him very casually that should tide him over.

When they got back to the ranch they were met by two of the hands. They needed Roper to help them get the bobcat down to southern part of the ranch where two huge tress had fallen tearing down a big section of fence. Normally they would just patch it up till daylight but this happened to be a section where five or six gators were located. They didn’t need one of them getting inside the fence row without them knowing about it. George had three prize breeding stallions in that section. Each in a different area with the mares it had been bred to, but still just one death or serious injury could be very costly.
