 It was so long ago, but I do remember this much: I remember it being a slow day at work, The Tex-Mex fast food restaurant that would have been packed had we not been looking forward to the party that night, I remember it being a nice December day, not too cold nor too warm, and, of course, I remember Jessi most vividly. 

I still miss the look of that alabaster skin and platinum blonde hair. I miss the blue eyes that sent significant glances my way every chance they could just as much.

Jessi was shorter than me, almost by a foot, and significantly thinner as well. While not obese, I never had the luxury of a slender frame or fit and toned muscle structure. 

I often found myself intimidated by her. This lovely young woman was so far out of my league, it was hard to believe she wanted, even during our encounter. 

Her angular face had an adorably small grin. She would turn her head and smile, brushing across me as we tried to fit in the narrow walkway behind the counter. 

Just as she passed by, she would bend over slightly, pause for a fraction of a second, and ever so gently push herself back into me before continuing on her way. I was beside myself as I felt her body aligned perfectly with my own.

Occasionally, she'd give a soft and playful moan. Most of the time I could contain myself, suppressing the tightening of my black slacks. Once I heard that glorious sound all bets were off, and i'd emerge from the other side of the walkway with a strange gait as I tried to adjust myself and hide the stiffness from view.

I don't know why, or how I got so brave, but on this day the stars aligned and I took a chance. She brushed past me, and I looked to each side. There were no customers and no co-workers within eyesight. 

She pushed into me and gave her playful moan but was cut short as I grabbed her hips, thrusted myself forward and gave a firm spank when the, now rock solid, bulge in my pants found its mark. I wasn't aware of how perfect the angle was.

At first she seemed shocked that I would do such a thing, quickly looking for anyone who saw my blatant disregard for public decency. When she realized no one was there, she turned to me and brought her lips close to mine, but refused to allow them to touch. 

She bit her lip, and walked away, never allowing our little game to play out again for the rest of the week. 

One night, I left work feeling defeated. I wondered if I ruined what little I could get from such a woman. I wondered what I had done wrong. She expressed enjoyment, she seemed to want me. 

Just as the tension reached a point of irritation, she called my name from behind. 

We talked for a moment, never addressing the tension until she winked and invited me over for "dinner" that night.

This was a night I would never forget.

I walked into the dim lit apartment and was immediately bombarded with waves of her unhindered lust.

She pushed me against the door and I pushed back. She grabbed my hands and pinned them down to my side as she began to kiss my neck. If I moved my head in an attempt to respond in kind, she pulled away, shook her head, and gave her cute smile as a response.

She would wait, teasing me in every way she could imagine, before continuing her travel down my neck. This was a strange experience. I knew nothing of domination or submission, or where I fit on that spectrum psychologically. All I knew was that this woman had me firmly wrapped around her finger, and firm in other ways as well.

She reached for the top of my button up shirt and gave me a passionate kiss as she unbuttoned it slowly, taking her dear sweet time.

She lowered herself then, her hands raised around my head brushing through my hair and down my chest as she dropped to her knees.

She pushed me back into the front door again with her hands at my waist. Her fingers slipped under the waistband of my slacks and slowly moved them in unison towards the button and zipper. She unfastened the button and unzipped me carefully as her breathing grew heavy. 

Our eyes met and she smiled as she pulled down my slacks and boxers enough to allow access to the bulge they hid so poorly. She reached up to cup me tenderly in her right hand. She messaged gently while her free hand reached for the shaft and stroked. She was enjoying my sudden shock and the moans that followed.

She lifted up slightly and licked the tip of the head, giggling as I exhaled. I realized that I was holding my breath, still somehow unsure if this was real or some cruel joke. 

She eyed her new toy playfully, and with a great many devious desires hidden behind the cutesy facade. I was worried at first. Was it not big enough? Size matters, or so they say and sadly I am chronically average.

I reached up, I honestly don't know what it is I intended to do, and I'll never find out, as she immediately pinned my hands back to my side.

"No, sir." She said, smiling and giggling again at the string of heavy breathing that followed. I was prepared to beg. Looking back, I wonder if that was her goal. She braced herself, pushing against the top of my legs with her hands, slowly and deliberately taking me into her mouth. 

She waited until she cleared every inch before wrapping her lips firmly around me. She began pulling back her head with a slight twist to enhance the pleasure while gliding across the shaft, at an almost painfully slow pace.

My mind was in flames. Every nerve was shouting a message of delight and weighed in their opinions, all unanimously agreed: This was heaven.

She sped up and took a hand to cup me once more, messaging gently but with vigor, as if to encourage a speedy end. Part of me wouldn't have complained, for the feeling of her lips and tongue as it explored the most intimate part of me would have been more than enough to justify a happy death.

The other part of me disagreed. I wanted more. I looked down to see her looking up at me as she moved.

When our eyes met, I realized she was still fully clothed, and began to think about anything that may extend this moment of ecstasy, as I am unashamed to say that my will to resist that moment of mind numbing pleasure was dwindling to seconds by this point. 

I held on to hope, and that hope may very well have postponed the inevitable.

I wanted to see her take off her clothes. I wanted to watch her face as I returned her favor in kind, and I wanted to watch as our little game became a reality.

I prepared myself, looking down and watching her take every inch into her mouth and pull back only to begin again with her eyes closed. 

My knees were growing weak, as if they were going to buckle under the weight of such sensation. I quickly reached and grabbed her at the base of her hair. She gasped as I pulled her away from me and lifted her up to her feet to give her a kiss.

Before our lips would collide, she slapped me, and I clenched my grip. 

She let out a moan, far more sensual the playful sounds I knew. I spun her around and pushed her against the door. She braced herself with her hands against it as let loosened my grip on her hair and pulled her into me. I reached down and unbuttoned the skin tight jeans she wore. They fell to her ankles and I got on my knees. 

"Yes." She said in an excited sigh. As I pushed her pink and black panties to the side and marveled at the sight of a new toy of my own. She pushed herself towards me, her ass sticking out further as she arched her back, demanding I return her kindness.

I wasted no time, leaning forward and allowing my tongue to work on her as best I knew how. She gave no complaint as she bestowed upon me the gifts of her enjoyment. She reached behind and placed her hand at the back of my head, clenching my hair and pushing my face forward between her legs. 

I felt her grip tighten and loosen over and over as my tongue made its way inside and around, stopping only at the clit before repeating its cycle anew.

"Make me cum, boy. Don't play." She said with a rage that made her sound more like a beast unhinged than the woman I knew. 

I obeyed, nonetheless, focusing my attention on her clit with my tongue and sliding two fingers inside. She spun around immediately and the look in her eyes filled me with pride. It was the look of someone who isn't going to let you leave till they are through with you.

Her blue eyes pierced through me as she ushered me up and down the hall to her room. I pressed my luck, shoving her down, forcing her to bend over the bed. To my surprise, she didn't resist. She moved her hips, inviting me to taste what I desired so deeply. I pulled her into me by her and relished the warmth as I entered. 

She moaned, pushing back off the bed and taking all of me in. I turned my hips slightly and pulled back, taking great care to ensure she felt me from all angles. 

The pace was steady, and she matched my rhythm, pushing back as I thrusted forward. The way she moved her hips, rotating in a full circle with each thrust, was something I thought I'd never experience. it was the kind of thing you only see in porn. The sounds that filled the air were not unlike music as I felt her tighten from within.

I felt like an Adonis among men in that moment with her holding me inside. She pushed back hard and I slipped out. She turned to me and grabbed the back of my neck, pulling me on top of her as she fell to the bed. 

By this point all my doubts were gone, and I aimed to please her once more. I started by slowly teasing her with my cock, sliding it in just so, and then pulling out quickly. The tease was not what she wanted, however, and when I crossed that great divide once more, she wrapped her legs around my body and lifted her hips up, then down as I tried to break free. 

The look of glee on her face caught my eye just before I pushed myself in, thrusting hard. Glee turned to lust as we reached a mutual rhythm, her grinding her hips and me, thrusting, then pulling back for another. I knew I couldn't hold it in much longer. 

The need for a release became a burden I was no longer willing to bear, especially considering the look of what seemed to be the happiest rage painted over her glistening face. The sweet smell of sex that filled the room set up the perfect backdrop for the finish. 

I was aware of every sensation as the walls within her slipped and slid down the shaft. The sweat that made her hair stick to her face as she bit her lip, knowing how close I was, brought me ever nearer to that purist of freedoms. 

Just as I was about to cum, struggling to even find the words to warn her as her legs were still firmly wrapped around my waist, she stopped and jumped back to the edge of the bed, and my release, my moment of victorious oblivion, was denied. 

She looks at me with a devil's glare, staring at my cock to ensure I hadn't finished myself off. She sat up, and placed her hands on my shoulders, kissing me slowly, before pushing me down to the bed. 

I was still in shock, unsure if I was angry, turned on by the act, or possibly both. She raised her leg and straddled me, slowly lowering herself, embracing the sensation. I moaned, and she giggled with delight in response. 

She placed her hands onto the center of my chest, looking down on me.

"I will tell you when you can cum. You'll cum with my permission, or not at all." I stared at her, the way one looks at a goddess. She began to swing her hips forward and back, supporting herself on my chest.I couldn't last long like this, and she knew it. She continued grinding without pause. I tried to grab her hips and slow her down, but she simply slapped me every time I tried. 

I tried to put my mind elsewhere, but no thought could escape the image of her body in the heat of passion. Her pale skin seemed to glow in the light as I neared my inevitable release. I found it strange that I didn't want to. I wanted her permission. I wanted her to want it as much as I did. She cheered me on as I resisted. 

"Don't cum. I'm not done." She sighed, the same devilish tone ringing in my ears. 

"Good boy." She gasped, her voice breaking as she neared her own release.

"Good-" she began before erupting in a torrent of moans, cries, and screams. She shuddered, still grinding as best as she could as she rode through the orgasm unaware of, or possibly indifferent to, my agony. I began contorting uncontrollably. She saw this, and smiled. 

"Good boy." She said and her eyes met mine. She continued to ride me as she leaned in closer. She smiled and whispered in the most sincere and inviting tone I would ever hear.

"Your turn." She mused, raising herself up from my face to swing her hips even faster than before. "Good boy."

It didn't take long. I reached the edge of the abyss and she cast me into it kicking and belting out her hallowed name. I couldn't finish my sentences In the moments before. 

"Jessi, I-" and she simply fucked me harder, the kind of fucking that's all about you. I jerked up and she simply pushed me down and shook her head. I grabbed her hips to protest, but in the end, simply matched her rhythm to make it even faster. 

When I came, the empty mind that comes with it was sweet. It's a sensation I have come to love, to cum inside. She rode it out of me, taking it in with pride and joy. I think she cried out in those hazy moments of bliss.

"Yeah? Do it." You've earned it." 

When I stopped shaking, she slowed down to a snail's pace, rocking back and forth as I adored her in the afterglow, trying to push through the overstimulated nerves she worked on. 

She stopped then, and leaned in to give me a kiss, stopping just shy to tease and force me to chase her lips in order to receive it. She sat there for some time with me inside her, as if basking in the reception of a gift. 

"Oh..." she sighed. "You're gonna be fun."