 I indistinctly remember awakening several times throughout the course of the day. Before I fell asleep, the last time I'd seen on the clock had been 4:30 am. After seeing flashes of 10, 11:30, and 1:20, I finally dragged myself out of bed close to three that afternoon. I dressed in comfortable sweats and left quickly to run errands. I stopped by my former job, highly upset that I did not appear to have a final paycheck waiting for me, and decided to drop by the student beauty salon in the local mall to get my nails done. While caught in a horde of shoppers who had all been set loose on the road at once, I began to wonder if I'd ever get through before I was due to meet Mike.

I remembered mentioning to Mike that I wanted to get my nails done for my husband's return. He always mentioned how much he loved the feeling my fingertips elicited as I softly dragged them all over his skin. Mike simply sighed, and casually mentioned that he too appreciated long, pretty fingernails. I waited for what seemed like an eternity as a young lady who appeared to be mentally slow shuffled back and forth setting up her work station for me. When 30 minutes had passed and I was sure my expression was composed of only slightly veiled daggers, she finally approached me and told me that she was out of the crucial component needed to complete my French tips. I spent another 10 minutes getting a refund, and then headed out into the rain, upset at how close to sunset it was already. 

I drove around trying to find a nail place, paranoid that since it was already after 5 pm that they'd all be closed. I finally found one close to the local college, and rushed in so that they could immediately get to work on me. By that point, I was so frustrated with the way my day was going that I decided to spoil myself and get both the nails and the toenails done. A pedicure never felt so deliciously superb on my tired feet. The manicurist finished my hands quickly and expertly, and then his wife took her time in spoiling my aching feet and asking questions about my life, commenting on how beautiful and soft she thought my pale skin was. 

I left, thanking them both profusely, and sped back to my house. It was already close to the time at which Mike had suggested I meet him, and I didn't want to establish tardiness as a basis for his impression of me. He called as I was exiting the freeway for the small back road that led to my apartment complex. I told him I couldn't talk and would call him when I got home. I hit redial as soon as I walked in the door, cursing myself for sleeping in so late. He picked up on the first ring.

"Hey...you about ready to head down this way?" he asked.

"Actually, no. I slept in too late today and got a late start on running my errands. I just got back and I need to take a bath and get ready to come see you, 'cause I'm sure you don't want a smelly woman in your car," I rambled.

He paused. 

"Well, it might be a little later before I can get to you to pick you up, so take your time. It's raining outside, so get here safely," he said.

"Speaking of getting there, mind telling me where I'm going?" I laughed.

"Oh yeah!" he exclaimed. "You have a pen and paper handy? It's really easy, and if you have any problems, you can just give me a call."

I quickly scribbled down the directions he gave, repeating them back to him as I wrote and once again when I had finished. I told him I'd have to let him go if he wanted to see me before midnight, and we reluctantly disconnected. By that time, it was already drawing close to seven. I tore off my sweats and ran a bath. I poured in scented bubble bath so that my skin would absorb the sweet smell as I bathed. I carefully shaved my legs, admiring the pedicurist's handy work on my calves, feet, and toes. Smiling, I made a last minute decision to shave below the belt as a surprise for him, so that I could show him I had approval from my husband, rather than tell him.

I bathed and washed my hair as quickly as possible. I stepped from the tub without really drying myself and sloshed water all over the bathroom floor. I frantically searched for my clothes, losing each piece as soon as I found it. Completely frustrated, I decided to skip getting dressed immediately in favor of putting on a face first. The friend I'd spoken to while watching The Graduate was online, and he watched me on my web cam as I carefully painted my eyes and lips, and slipped on my jewelry. He commented on the change and how beautiful he thought I was as I pulled my long hair from my towel and slowly started to brush it. I put in earrings, and debated about blow-drying my hair straight when I remembered Mike had mentioned something about liking wavy hair. I decided to brush it out and let it dry naturally wavy to entice him even more. I finally finished with my face and hair and found all my clothes. I quickly dressed and spritzed a little perfume into my cleavage and over the top of my head, enveloping my hair in its luscious scent. I bid farewell to my friend, shut down my camera, grabbed my purse, and practically ran out the door.

I stopped to get gas and have my ego stroked. I loved the way I felt, and how all the men gazed longingly at my legs as they peeked out of the slit in my long black skirt when I walked. All the other women were dressed in sweats or comfortable clothes. I felt as if I were a goddess surrounded by the unworthy. 

After I got on the road, the rain picked up. This only encouraged me to drive faster, so that I could warm myself up in the heat of Mike's patrol car sooner. I was only 30 minutes from our specified meeting point when he called me. I had my cell phone tucked between my thighs so that I'd be able to feel the vibrations when the phone rang, since I had the radio up loud and was singing, as is my custom when driving. It was an innocent enough vibration until I looked at the screen and saw it was him. Suddenly, all the heat and tension of yesterday afternoon came rushing back in a crashing wave of nervous energy. I fumbled quickly with the radio, beating the rebellious volume knob into submission. I'm sure I sounded a little out of breath when I answered.

"Hello?"

"Hey, where are you?" he asked, sounding a little concerned.

"I'm about 30 minutes away..."

"I thought you were going to call me when you left? I was getting a little worried that we might not be able to get together tonight..." he continued.

"I'm sorry. I wasn't thinking. I just wanted to get on the road and get there as quickly as possible. In fact, I'm doing about 75-80 right now, trying to get there fast."

"Oh shit....call me when you get to the High Five. Get your hands back on the wheel. It's rainy and people out there are driving like idiots!" he admonished.

"I know....I was almost run off the road just now! I'll call you in about 20. Later darlin'." "See ya soon!"

I hung up the phone and returned my focus to the road, more determined than ever to get there and pull myself together so I could at least have some semblance of my earlier confidence. I blew by the slow moving vehicles, and called Mike about 15 minutes later, telling him I was only a few miles from the High Five. 

"Shit, you're going fast!" he exclaimed. "You're going to get there before me. I'm about ten minutes away. How 'bout you meet me at Lowe's at the Park Avenue exit, and you can follow me to a place where it's safe to leave your truck."

"Sounds good. Just passed the High Five, and I see the exit coming up in another couple miles. I'll be there shortly!"

"Call me when you get there. Just wait for me in the parking lot."

I got off the phone with him and concentrated on trying to get myself out of the high speed lane in time to catch the exit he'd specified and ascertain the general direction of Lowe's. I saw it on the left as I was braking on the off-ramp, and was there in no time. I sat waiting, not knowing from which direction he was coming, or in what kind of car he'd be. He had told me that his patrol car was in the shop for a little while, so I didn't know what to expect. So I sat there in the rain with the parking lights on and doors locked, waiting for him, hoping that my trip was going to be worth everything.

Soon, I saw a car with a light bar on top enter the parking lot. It pulled in beside me, and I turned off the truck without thinking and started to get out. He motioned for me to roll down my window. 

"Follow me. We can drop off your truck first, somewhere safe," he told me.

I got back inside and fastened my seat belt. I looked over a second before I put the truck in gear, and caught him shaking his head, and smiling that broad Cheshire grin to himself as he started to drive. Curiosity captured my thoughts, but I held them in check as we pulled out onto the main road. He led me to a nearby hotel that was part of his patrol route, where I parked. He pulled in next to me, and turned on his interior lights, leaning across the front seat to open the passenger door for me. I pulled out my umbrella and deliberately exited the cab of the truck as slowly as possible so that he could watch my legs. I have fabulous legs, and unfortunately I know it. Locking up, I stepped completely out and daintily avoided stepping in the little puddles that littered the parking lot as I made my way to his patrol car. I slid into the car and neatly closed the umbrella before pulling the door shut. I turned to look at him, and smiled as I caught him giving me a once-over.

"Like what you see?" I taunted.

"Wow....just wow. You are incredibly beautiful. I love your hair like that."

"I know...I remembered you saying you like curly hair. Mine's not exactly curly, but wavy enough!" I chuckled.

"You really do look amazing," he said, mesmerized. My confidence was quickly restored. 

"Thank you. I even got my nails and toenails done for you," I said, grinning, and showing him my hands before pulling up my skirt and setting my feet on the dashboard to show him my feet, clad in jeweled high-heeled sandals. I heard his sharp breath as he followed the curve of my calves up to my feet.

"Wow...I never knew that toes could look so good. That actually is pretty damn sexy!"

I giggled, basking in his admiration. I put my feet back down and smoothed my skirt over my legs. Turning to look at him, I smiled coyly as he reached for my face.

"C'mere. I've been wanting to do this since I first saw you."

Our lips met again, and it was just as jolting as the first time. It was soft like velvet, delicate but insistent, and every bit as arousing as it had been the day before. He pulled back, licked his lips and grinned lasciviously at me. I winked at him as he looked me up and down again, then sighed heavily as he put the car in reverse and backed out.

We cruised around Dallas for awhile, checking specific places for signs of trouble. He showed me the local underground whore houses, strip clubs, where the drug dealers lived...all those little things he'd learned from years of doing his kind of work. At one point, I got a little hungry, so we stopped at a Sonic and ate. After repeating the order 5 times, the clerk still brought it out wrong, and I couldn't help but laugh as Mike vowed vehemently to never go there again. We chatted idly and innocently enough until he decided it was time to get back to work. Unfortunately, that night he had a whole bunch of paperwork to complete.

As he piloted the car in and around the still wet streets of Dallas, I shifted in my seat, stretching out, and not making an attempt to conceal my legs. My pale skin practically glowed in the darkness. I watched his face. His eyes never left the road, but he sighed heavily and reached for my hand.

"You're such a tease," he chuckled. "You've gotta stop that....can't have you distracting me from driving all night!"

"Hehehe...you knew I was a tease well before you invited me out! How'd you see me anyway? You never turned your head, so you don't get to see the show," I said, feigning pouting.

"Remember what I said about being aware of my surroundings? I may not look directly at you sometimes, but I see everything you do, and it's killing me again..."

He shook his head and laughed to himself, while still clutching my hand. I blushed and was silenced for the time being. I was surprised at how easily I became accustomed to spending time with him. Most of the others had tried to use similar expressions of affection, and I had turned them all down. Hand holding and kissing were reserved for the man I love. But somehow, this particular man had me mesmerized.

As we cruised the streets, I looked out the window and gasped suddenly as I felt a warm, callused hand come to rest on the top of my thigh. He absentmindedly stroked my skin with his thumb and raised his eyebrows as I turned to look at him. Before I could think of anything to say, he spoke.

"God, your skin is so soft..." he mumbled faintly.

"Well, I always put on lotion after I take a bath," I explained, amused.

"I can definitely tell. It's nice....sexy as hell..." he drawled, sighing heavily again.

I could already tell this was going to be one hell of a night. The tension was incredible. My body was so taught with expectation that I thought I was going to split down the middle. I don't even remember now how many subjects we flew through as he drove and I tried my hardest to divert his interest from keeping the car on the road. I do remember that hours passed in what seemed like minutes. He laughed when we crossed into the rich neighborhoods to check on a client's house, and I fell into a stunned silence, broken only by occasional mumblings of "Holy shit!" As we left, he pointed out a brand new strip club, and when I told him I had never been to one, offered to take me if I so desired. As I pondered my decision, I felt his hand shift upward deliberately. He pulled my skirt up to my waist, and I hissed with excitement at the sensations his skilled fingers were causing as they slid easily under my panties.

He did all this while keeping his eyes on the road. I simply spread my legs a little wider to make it easier for him. He let out a stifled moan and told me he was amazed at how wet I was already, and I responded that I became that way just by thinking back to our kiss from the day before. I was silenced as he deftly located my clit and zeroed in on it, bringing me back to reality and keeping me focused on those calculated caresses. He definitely knew what he was doing! He sensed my level of arousal and was content to keep me balanced on the precipice of pleasure until he was ready to give me that final push into release. His gifted digits traced circles around my lips, and brushed my clit lightly. Soon, the air was redolent of sex. I was so far beyond excited that I was about ready to finish myself off when he went for the gold. He gently rubbed the sides of my little button faster and faster until my back arched and my ass shot up off the seat, my thighs clamped around his hand like a vise as I yelled into the blackness of the patrol car.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmm....." he moaned, his eyes rolling back into his head as he ran his fingers swiftly under his nose and inhaled. "You smell absolutely delicious. I hope you remember your promise to let me taste you?"

"Honey....after that, you can do anything you want! God, that felt so fucking good!" I panted.

"Hehehehehe....I'm glad you liked it," he said, placing his hand back on my thigh. 

I sighed, contented for the time being as he continued his patrol, eyeing every crevice and dark space for possible criminal intent. We listened to music and discussed opinions on nearly every subject while he patiently patrolled, checked, and filled out paperwork. After a few hours of menial labor, we got a little hungry again and stopped by Burger king for a late dinner. It was a little after midnight. We ate quickly, speaking of trivial things. As we took off, his hand made its way up my skirt again. I moaned for him to stop. He took his hand away, and I immediately guided it back to its rightful place, specifying that I wanted him to stop the car. He asked me to give him a few minutes as he gave the car gas and sped away. Soon we pulled up to a building that we'd passed earlier that I'd thought was a junkyard. I asked why he was going there instead of stopping, and smiling that evil grin, he looked me square in the eyes as he told me there were no cameras. He backed the car into a docking bay and quickly shut it off. 

Instantly, we moved closer to each other and locked our lips together. He softly stroked my back, and brushed my hair with his fingers as his tongue danced lightly with mine. I ripped off my shirt, leaning back in the seat facing him, and he immediately figured out where I wanted his lips. His hands delicately peeled back the lacy bra, exposing my soft flesh. He murmured that my breasts were as beautiful as he'd hoped when studying them yesterday, and sampled the skin around my nipples with his masterful tongue. Just when I thought I would lose it if I didn't feel his lips on them, he sucked one into his mouth and lightly brushed it with his teeth, adjusting the pressure until my moans told him he was hitting exactly the right spots. By that point, he was nearly panting with desire as well.

He urgently pulled my skirt around my hips again, tugged my panties down my legs and over my heels, and tried to contort his lean frame in the cramped space in order to taste me. I felt the feather-soft flutter of his tongue against my skin before he grunted and told me that position wouldn't work. Reluctantly, he pulled his tall form into a sitting position again and leaned over me, brushing his wet lips against mine. I could taste myself on his lips, and I was pleasantly surprised by the jolt of heat that ran through my body as the taste of his lips merged with my own juices in my mouth. His hand slipped back up my skirt as his tongue traced a path from my lips, down my neck, back to my bare chest. 

As the warmth of his mouth encircled my nipple once more, his fingers entered me for the first time, coaxing squeals and moans of delight from my trembling body. He hit a spot inside me that triggered an intense feeling of warmth inside me. A quiet fire consumed me from the inside out when he started rubbing his thumb against my clit, and lightly biting my nipple, and then I was thrashing in the seat, contracting, shaking, screaming my joy into the cold night air streaming in from the open windows.

He kept gliding his long fingers between my legs, and was working me up again in no time. He pulled his face from my cleavage in order to kiss me. I pulled him close and whispered into his neck that I wanted him very badly. His response was to move into the middle of the front seat without a word, and remove his duty belt as I reached for a condom. My impatience took over, and I pulled his cock out of his pants before he could remove them. He was afraid of getting his uniform messy, so I allowed him a few seconds to get his pants down before slipping the condom onto his already hard dick. I climbed over him, straddling his lap, still fully clothed but with breasts bared, and gave him a violent kiss as I thrust my hips and took him inside me. His marble solidity contrasted with my burning, yielding flesh made me tremble and pause. He kissed my neck and subtly flexed his hips, reminding me to move. His hands flew to my ass and squeezed me hard as I picked up speed, throwing myself against him. My hips became a blur and my thighs were burning as we both let animalistic cries out into the night. He buried his face in my cleavage and sucked hard on my bouncing nipples when they came near, and like lightning, my body seized, jerking as if a sadistic someone was pulling strings attached to my limbs. I let out a wail that I'm sure could be heard in Fort Worth as he pulled me closer, riding out my orgasm. 
