 He met her on a cruise ship. He was there with his wife, she with her husband and children. Each day, she would take her children to the Day Camp aboard the ship. They loved the activities and would be cared for and occupied for up to ten hours each day. This, to her, was the best part of the package. They had purchased an all-inclusive family package. She told her husband, this was the get-away they needed. The children would have a life-time experience, and they could have a second honeymoon, without the guilt of leaving the children behind. 

She also knew that she would be meeting someone there. Her "on-line" lover had arranged a second honeymoon as well. He and his wife were older than she, and there were no children along to complicate things. They had shared pictures over the years, and had come to know each other quite well. They had shared the ups and downs of their lives openly with each other. This trip had been planned for two years. They knew the biggest obstacle would be to look casual when they found each other. They had read and re-read the brochure to make sure they knew the ship's layout and schedule. Then they had to convince each spouse into doing something apart that first day, to allow them to meet, alone. 

Dennis was there with his wife. They had been married for over 30 years, and life was good, but dull. He found that he liked to send e-mails to women over the Internet. It was harmless, he always said. Nothing could ever come of it. Nameless, faceless women who like to share sexy little lies and stories with him. That was how it started and how he expected it to stay. Then he wrote an e-mail to Arlene. He reply was intriguing. He wrote her again and soon they were sending the sexiest e-mails to one another. Often, in between the stories, they would ask intimate questions to each other. It was surprising to them, that each would have the nerve to ask such questions, but they felt an immediate ease with each other. 

Surprising too, to each of them, was that open and honest answers came back, no matter how intimate the question. But the biggest surprise of all was that with each answer a connection was forming. They seemed to be on a wavelength that was only for them. He dressed as a cowboy on the weekends, doing Wild West re-enactments, she had always had a crush on cowboys. Every topic was like that. Their connection grew into something that could no longer be constrained by e-mail, they would have to meet. The distance between them was so great, that there would be no way to make a trip to the other's home state. And middle ground was too distant and unappealing as well. The family responsibilities would prevent their being together even more. So they decided on a cruise. 

The ship departed from the dock and each was a study in self-control. Each was trying desperately to look casual, while still trying to glance for their secret lover. She, Arlene, had unpacked their belongings in the state room and took the kids for a trip around the boat. Her husband made it as far as the outdoor pool, where he said he was fatigued and would stake out a lounge chair. He pretended, unsuccessfully, not to notice all the bikini clad girls around and in the pool. Arlene allowed him this little pleasure. Maybe the view would spark his interest in her again. It had been exactly 4 months since he made love to her. She kept track.

Dennis and his wife toured the boat as soon as it was out to sea. His wife was not doing well, her motion sickness was quickly apparent. She had brought enough Dramamine to supply everyone on board. After their tour, he suggested she take one and lie down. "But it will knock me out", she complained.

"You take a nap now, and then you'll be ready for the evening's activities", he told her. "Maybe we'll go dancing."

She knew he did not like to dance as much as she did, so the offer sounded good. She also knew she was tired from the trip and the Dramamine would allow her to sleep. "What about you?" she asked.

"I'm thinking it's swim time!" he replied. 

He tanned while she burned in the sun. He swam regularly, and had even competed a few times. This was not out of the ordinary and would keep him busy while she slept. 

"Have fun" she said as she took her pill and laid down. 

Dennis got into his swimsuit, threw a big towel around him and headed for the pool. 

Arlene checked in with the children's activity director. She enrolled her children for the full day programs, starting tomorrow. Today there was a 2-hour tour and fun time for all kids. She asked if they would like to do that, and of course both were jumping up and down with excitement. So she kissed them and said she would meet them when the program was over. She went up to check on her husband. 

He was where she left him poolside. As she approached, she saw him checking out the women in all directions. As she approached, he pretended to be asleep. 

"Wake up, Sleepy-head", she said as she wiggled his foot. "If you want to stay out here, go over there and sit in the shade, so you don't burn."

He was pretty happy with the idea of staying and ogling the girls all afternoon. "What a break!" he thought. Then he decided to give himself some insurance. "But what about you, Hon?"

"I want to get some rest. The kids are busy until 4:00. Do you think I can be undisturbed for a couple of hours?"

"Sure", he said. Both were pleased at the temporary separation.

She walked away and walked around the pool on the way out. Dennis had seen her come in and as she was talking to her husband, he finished his laps and was toweling off as she walked by. She saw him and immediately felt a tingle between her legs. As she walked by, she thought her knees would give out, but she continued on. Dennis dried himself and looked around at the pool area, the ocean, and the sky, then followed in her direction. 

They went to the inside and pressed the elevator button to go down to the staterooms. The doors opened and they stepped in. 

"Which Floor?" he asked.

"Four, please."

The doors closed and they looked at each other, know they were alone, together, for the first time. He opened his arm and she rushed into them. They kissed, but held their eyes open, looking at each other and feeling the passion growing that had been fermenting for all these years.

The doors opened and they walked hand in hand to her room. She handed him her key. He opened the door and they stepped inside and closed the door. She threw the deadbolt as they reached for each other again. Their tongues met and they kissed long and deep. After several kisses, they finally broke apart. 

"Finally!" he sighed. 

She pulled him by his hand to the bed. "I need you. I need you inside me. Please." she implored.

He had tried to be the gentleman but he was losing the fight. He lifted her jersey over her head as she kicked off her sandals. She was pulling his trunks off as he tried to lower her shorts. They collided. Stopping, they looked at each other and laughed. 

He stood up, she finished removing his trunks, allowing his member to stand out and up. She was about to take it into her mouth when he held her arm, and had her stand up. Gently he removed her shorts and panties. Her arousal was apparent to his eyes and nose. He wanted to throw her on the bed and bury his face in her mound, but he stood up and laying a hand on her shoulder, gently guided her back on to the bed. 

There were so many things they had promised each other that they would do, should they ever get together. There were so many ways they wanted to take each other. But this time, this first time, had to be more than lust. 

As she laid back on the bed, he moved beside her and taking her head in his hand, he moved her face to his, and said "I love you."

Tears were welling in her eyes and starting to overflow and make their way down the sides of her face. 

He kissed her. They broke, and looked at each other, and while looking into the soul of each other, he kissed her again and moved on top of her. She opened her legs. They were still kissing as he maneuvered his manhood to her opening. With a tiny movement toward each other, he slipped into her. They moved their heads back and looked at each other again, as he moved and she allowed him to enter her completely. She had taken his full length, and felt the warmth from her pussy spread all over her body. 


She wrapped her arms and her legs around him. She never wanted this to end. She held him tightly, not even allowing him to move inside her. She was kissing him all over his face. Then the passion overtook her and she started bucking. He began to thrust in and out of her. Years of tormented pent-up desire were about to be fulfilled. They held each other while they slammed into each other. 

"Ooooooohhhhh god, yes, yes", she hissed as the fires of her passion and orgasm engulfed her.

He plunged into her one last, hard time, as deep as he could go. He exploded into her. 

They held themselves like that and slowly relaxed. It was only then that he felt her breasts on his chest. He knew he must be heavy on her and started to prop himself up with his arms. 

"No," she said, "I want to feel you on me."

They stayed together like that for a while and finally, they knew they would have to go back to the real world. But they knew they had made love, and nothing before it could match what they had just experienced. 

They quickly reviewed their plans and schedules. They had 6 more days and nights to enjoy each other and to experience all they had dreamed about and written stories about. This was definitely their personal "Love Boat".

End of Chapter One.

Give me comments if you want to hear about the rest of the cruise.