 The down elevator door opened and Karen stepped in. The lunch hour crowd surged in behind her, pressing her into the man at the back of the elevator. After a couple of more stops, the elevator was crammed full, but continued to stop at every floor. The jostling of the crowd and the swaying of the elevator moved her side to side. Imperceptible at first, but then impossible to ignore, she felt his growing manhood between her buttock cheeks. She wanted to move, but was pinned against him. The warmth of his hips pressing into her was sensual. She fought the arousal, but it swept over her. She tried to remember what he looked like. Kind of distinguished, with graying hair? From those law offices on the floor above? She thrust back a little bit, savoring the feel of his cock lodged in the crack of her ass. Could anyone see this? Her moistness began to wet her panties.

Karen began to move her hips side to side, massaging the ever-enlarging cock of the man behind her. The feel of it was making her really hot, imagining it pumping in and out of her aching pussy. Her juices were starting to flow, but just then the elevator reached the ground floor and the crowd piled out. Swept along with them, she expected to have the man come up beside her and say something. When nothing happened she glanced back. There was no one behind her. A 50ish well-built fellow was just walking down the hall to the right. Dark blue suit, graying hair, but was he the man? If I could see him from the front I could tell, she thought sardonically.

The event had made her so horny she considered stopping in the ladies room and relieving her sexual tension with her fingers, but she was already late for her meeting with Joan for lunch. Besides, it would be better to wait till the evening at home, when she could curl up with a glass of wine, a sexy movie, and her toys.

Lunch with Joan was always fun. Two middle management women swapping stories about office politics and the problems in supervising men who thought because they had dicks they shouldn't be supervised by a woman. Today, however, Karen was distracted. Her mind kept going back to the incident in the elevator and how much it had excited her. She wondered if she would even recognize the man, let alone meet him again.

After their usual cheery farewells, they went their separate directions. Now Karen had to contend with the lunch crowd heading back to their offices. No sign of the man in the dark blue suit. She was one of the first on the elevator and ended up in a corner. Looking up, she realized that directly in front of her was Mr. dark blue suit. He positioned himself a little to the side, so his right arm hung down in front of her. As the elevator doors closed, he reached back with his hand and began to slowly stroke her thigh, moving higher and higher until he reached the top of her thigh. He turned his hand so that his fingers were over her pussy and rubbed her mons and labia. This had to be the same guy, and she got incredibly flushed thinking of what he was doing, here on a public elevator. She pulled his hand in tight, making the fingers put pressure on her engorging clitoris. No one was watching. The elevator stopped at her floor, but by this time she was so turned on that she ignored the stop and moved his hand deeper into her crotch. The next floor was the lawyers'. He didn't budge. As they approached the floor after that he gave a tug forward on her top, clearly signaling for her to follow him. This was a floor with a bunch of doctors' offices. 

At this point she didn't even give a second thought to doing anything other than follow him. As they emerged from the elevator, the glass doors to the reception area were straight ahead, but he turned right down the hall, reached in his pocket, pulled out some keys, and opened an unmarked door. Too late and too horny to turn back now, she went in after him. As he closed the door behind her, she found she was in a storage room, filled with medical equipment. Wordlessly he pulled her to him, grinding his hips into hers, moving his cock back and forth across her. Then, picking her up under her arms, he lifted her back to sit on a high bench. Turning, she saw it was not actually a bench. It was an exam table, with stirrups. He slid her down the table, taking off her shoes, putting her feet in the stirrups. 

Reaching around, he undid her skirt and in one motion pulled it and her panties down her legs, taking her feet briefly out of the stirrups, then replacing them. He pulled her down so that her hips were right at the end of the table, her pussy totally exposed to him. He began to play with her with his fingers, expertly kneading her lips and circling her clitoris. Soon she was bucking and began to moan. He looked up at her and put his finger to his lips. 

Then he went back to work with his fingers, sliding them in and out of her now dripping pussy and probing at the puckered hole of her rectum. Suddenly, he removed his hands and dropped his head down to between her legs. God this man knew how to use his tongue. She wanted to scream with pleasure, but bit her tongue for fear of giving them away. She orgasmed once, then again, hard. 

He stood up, and pulled out the sliding step that patients used to climb up on the table. Taking off his pants and standing on the step, his cock was right at the level of her pussy. He manually took his erection and stroked it up and down between her labia and across her clitoris. She wanted him inside of her so badly, but this was driving her to the brink of another orgasm. At last he inserted the head of his gorgeous cock into her pussy. She pushed down, trying to get it in further, but the stirrups kept her from moving down. 

He pulled his cock out, then pushed the head in again, then out. Each time making a little sucking sound and driving her crazy with anticipation. Smiling at her, he then put it in a little further, held still for a minute, then slowly pumped in and out to about half his length. With each in thrust she pushed down, trying to get him in further, but each time he would pull back, almost out of her. She was so afraid he would pull out altogether. 

She had to have him deep inside her. Gradually his thrusts got deeper. Still slow and tantalizing. Just as she thought he never would, he pushed in to his entire length. He held himself in against her, his pubis tight to her mons and clitoris, making little circling motions that were incredibly stimulating. Pulling back, he began long, deep thrusts that left her breathless with eroticism. Getting faster and faster, she could tell he was building to a climax; could feel his penis engorging as it got ready to shoot its load. 

By this time she was experiencing a level of excitement unlike anything she had ever felt. Every nerve end in her body was focused on the cock pounding her dripping pussy. Lifting her hips with his hands, to pull her tight against him, he ground himself into her, shooting load after load of cum. She was spasming and writhing. Her orgasm rose and rose and then stretched out slowly into an exhausted relaxation, matched by the slow loss of hardness of his cock, still deep inside her. 

At last, he again smiled at her, pulled out of her, took her feet out of the stirrups, and came around the side of the table to help her sit up. As he did so, he gave her a gentle kiss, then held her head against his chest for a minute, letting her feel the beating of his heart.

Still without a word, he helped her down from the table, and handed her her skirt and panties. As she put them on, she wanted to tell him how wonderful he had been with her. She opened her mouth as though to speak, but he put his finger to his lips again and they left the room.