 (continued from "One Night Stand")

The time had finally arrived, I had been waiting for what seemed to be years, but the day was finally here. I arrived at the airport early. I hadn't packed a lot, for me anyway. But I did like to come prepared. I had shopped for several new, hot, sexy swimsuits as well as some very sexy lingerie. I didn't forget the shoes! I had almost an entire bag just for them, stilettos, pumps, strappy sandals, every type of elegant, stylish shoe I could find. I think I have very nice looking feet and enjoy showing them off. I have had compliments on my feet and toes before and find that a lot of men are attracted to nice feet. Of course there were dresses and skirts as well as a few pair of very skimpy cutoffs. I had planned for every possible event, formal and casual. 

So there I was, getting ready to check in. I hoped I had arrived before Elliott. I always preferred to be there ahead of time so that I could become familiar with my surroundings and get comfortable. I decided to go with my hair down, long and flowing. I picked out a comfortable yet cute little dress to wear on the flight. It was a light, pastel pink. The dress was simple with the look of a man's undershirt, the wife beater style, with thinner straps. It had a more plunging neckline that showed just enough cleavage and the material was thick enough so that I didn't have to wear a bra and it not be too vulgar. The material fit tightly all the way down over my ass and down to about mid thigh. I had been tanning regularly and it really highlighted my glowing skin. I wore a pair of white platform sandals, open toed with a strap that wrapped twice around my ankle. The sandals showed off my French pedicure nicely. I had decided to go with a lace white thong underneath.

I went over to check in and checked my bags, two of them as well as my carry on. The woman at the check in counter was very friendly and told me that I was a bit early but she would get my bags taken care of and I could have a seat over by the windows. I couldn't sit and wait so I decided to wander around a bit. I was beginning to become a little nervous and excited. I hadn't spoken to Elliot since our first meeting. I wondered if he had forgotten, or changed his mind. I hoped not. But the ticket was paid for and I was going anyway, with or without him.

I made my way over to the airport lounge. I approached the bar and ordered my favorite beverage, Amaretto on the rocks, 2 cherries. I stood next to the bar, too nervous to sit. I sipped my drink and looked around at the people, in the bar and passing through. I tried to see if I could spot Elliot. Would I be able to pick him out, would he even remember what I looked like? I started to think about our night together, how it was like a dream, now. I felt myself begin to become aroused. I felt a hand touch my elbow and I flinched. 

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to startle you," he said. "I was wondering if you were waiting for someone, could I buy you another drink?" It was just some guy, a stranger. He looked as if he had been traveling for business, shirt and tie, tie loosened around his neck, carrying his jacket over his arm. He was handsome, a little young I think, maybe early 20's. "Well, I am waiting for someone, sort of," I told him. "Thanks for the offer, but I think I will probably stop at one."

"That's too bad," he said, smiling. "I sure could use a little company. If you change your mind, I will be sitting right over there." He nodded towards the bar and then squeezed my arm as he walked away.

I felt a little flushed and a bit tingly. I realized I was staring at him as he walked away. I blushed and quickly turned away. Usually I would be more flirty and open to his advances, but I was anticipating the arrival of my traveling companion and had been thinking about that moment for some time.

I finished my drink and sat the glass on one of the tables as I slipped out of the bar. As I approached the waiting area for my flight I saw him. I thought it was him, standing by the check in counter. I knew it had to be him! Of course I could only see him from behind but I was quite sure it was him. I walked over to the other side of the chairs and turned my back to him, pretending to look out at the planes. I could see his reflection in the glass as he turned around and put his ticket information into his pocket. As he looked up, I knew it was him, I could feel the goose bumps crawl up my arm and up to the back of my neck. Then he noticed me and stopped. I saw him smile and kind of cock his head as he began to walk my way. 

I just stood there, watching him come closer and closer as my heart raced. Then I could feel him right behind me. He wrapped one arm around my waist quickly and pulled me back into him. He used his other hand to move my hair over and kiss me on the neck. I thought I would cum right then and there. I melted. He started to run his hands over my belly and up to my breasts, causing my nipples to pop out at his touch. I closed my eyes and turned my head towards him so he could kiss my mouth. As he shoved his tongue into my mouth I turned to face him and he instantly placed his hands on my ass and squeezed me tightly.

I wrapped my arms around him and ran my fingers through his hair as we stood there kissing passionately. My pussy was so wet as I ground myself into his crotch. I could feel that he was just as excited to see me. I reached down and rubbed his hard cock through his pants and he groaned into my open mouth. I could have thrown myself down right there in the middle of the airport and let him fuck me. I was so happy to see him again.

I pushed myself away and took a deep breath. "Easy sweetie," I said, "give me a chance to catch my breath!" He smiled at me and backed away a bit. He looked me up and down and shook his head. He grabbed my hands and rubbed my arms, raising them up as he kissed my hands.

"It is soooo good to see you!" He said, out of breath, "I was worried that you were not going to be here, this is definitely a wonderful surprise. You look fantastic, better than I had even fantasized." He was almost panting. "I want you so badly, I can taste it." He moved back over towards me and pulled me close as he kissed me again. I knew exactly how he felt!

"Ok, ok" he laughed, "I need to get a hold of myself, I can't even see straight!" "I could use a drink, how 'bout you, a little amaretto?" He winked, "I'm sure we have enough time for just one."

"Sure" I said. "Why not?" He grabbed my hand and led me towards the bar. As we entered the doors, the guy who had spoken to me before was exiting. Elliot stepped behind me with his arm around me to allow the guy to pass. As he walked by he smiled and winked. He nudged Elliot's arm and commented, "Lucky guy."

"Yes, yes I am." Elliot replied proudly. I just giggled and walked inside.

"You know that guy?" Elliot asked.

"Well, we had a moment." I teased.

"Hmmmm, a moment huh? Well if he only knew just how lucky I am!" He grinned. We made our way to the bar and this time I did have a seat. My legs felt a little weak and I felt a little shaky. He ordered us drinks and we sat and sipped as we touched and flirted. I wanted to have my hands on him and touched him a lot. I rubbed his leg and squeezed his thigh. I touched his hands and couldn't resist sucking his fingers a bit. Causing him to stutter and forget what he was talking about.

I sat back on my stool and placed his hand on my knee. I spread my legs and pulled my dress up just high enough to let him have a peek at my little lacy thong. He couldn't help but slide his hand up my leg and lift the hem of my dress to get a better look. He looked directly into my eyes and licked his lips. I reached down and slid my finger under the thin white triangle covering my smooth pussy. I slipped it into my wet pussy and moved it in and out a few times. 

I moved my hand up and was about to put it in my mouth when he suddenly grabbed my hand and stuck my finger in his mouth. He sucked my finger and licked my juices off as his eyes rolled back in his head. I laughed out loud and was fidgeting in my seat. He bit my finger and then kissed the palm of my hand as he pushed it away from me. "DAMN!" he moaned under his breath. "You are so damn bad. I can't even get up and walk now!" He was shaking his head and rubbing his crotch.

"Me, what did I do?" I asked innocently. "I just thought I might like a taste, you?" 

"Oh yeah, I wanted a taste, I want to eat it right here right now!" He was saying with his teeth clenched together. "I am about ready to just get a room, forget waiting for this plane ride!"

"Well, no one said we had to wait for the flight. But it is getting a little close, I'm sure we can find something to keep us occupied during the plane ride." I teased him and winked. Off in the distance I heard them call for our flight. "We should go!" I said and jumped down from the stool. I drank down the rest of my drink and grabbed his hand. I was pulling him like a little girl ready to go for a ride on the Ferris wheel! I was so excited. I couldn't wait to get him alone, on the boat, in the water, in the sand...somewhere exotic and sexy.

We were practically running when we got to the gate! We showed our boarding passes and were on our way down the tunnel to the plane. We were finally here. The day was finally here and it was happening just like I had hoped it would. It was all coming true.

The Cruise - Part 2

We found our seats and put our carry on bags in the overhead. I didn't like the window seats so he slid over and gave me the aisle. I am not much of a flyer and was glad that I had a couple of drinks. I tried to act as if I wasn't nervous but I think he saw through it. He turned his back to the window and shifted in his seat blocking most of the view. He reached out and took my hand. He held it tight and with his other hand, held my chin in his hand and looked into my eyes. "This is going to be a trip you will never forget." He told me. "Think of this as a dream vacation. You are going to have the time of your life." And he kissed my hand. I just smiled and took a deep breath.

It seemed like forever before the plane was ready for take off. But soon we were taxiing down the runway. It was mid morning, almost noon and the sun was shining it was a gorgeous day. I didn't realize it, but we were leaving a day early. Elliott told me that he wanted to be able to get a nice room and relax and take in some of the nightlife in Miami before leaving for the cruise. I was very impressed. The flight was first class, nonstop to Miami. The cruise was to set sail at 4:00 p.m. the next day. We would be in Miami in just about 2 ½ hours. I had never been on a cruise and it was all so exciting and romantic.

We were taking off. I reached for Elliot's hand and he held it with both of his. He motioned for the flight attendant and she came over to us. "As soon as we are allowed, we would love some Champagne." He told her. 

"Could we make that Mimosa's?" I asked. "If that's ok?"

"Anything the lady wants." Elliot replied and then kissed my hand.

"Certainly sir." She said with a smile.

"You know," I said, "you might just spoil me, with all of this attention."

"You deserve to be spoiled." He told me. "I haven't stopped thinking about you since our first meeting. I have fantasized about this moment and the rest of them yet to come." He continued, "I want you to feel special because you are special. If you only knew how you excite me. I have masturbated so many times, just remembering the way you smell and taste and feel. I can't wait to experience it all again and more." "Now I should change the subject, I don't think I can keep my hands off you and look what it is doing to me." He shifted a bit in his seat to show me the large bulge in the front of his pants. 

I leaned over into him and kissed him deeply, plunging my tongue into his mouth. I slid my hand over his hard cock and rubbed it slightly, using my fingernails to tease the tip of it. He groaned in my mouth and moved his hips as I caressed his huge dick. I wanted him, badly. I pulled myself away and lay my head back in the seat with my eyes closed. I opened them and looked at him. My nipples were so hard. He reached over and kissed my neck. His hand moved up my arm and slid down over my tits. I just smiled. Then we both just lay our heads back, staring at each other. 

We were in our own little world when the flight attendant made her way back to us. I noticed she was staring at my hard nipples, straining against the tight pink fabric. "What a lovely couple." She said. Quickly she looked up and seemed a little embarrassed. "Um, u I mean, what a nice couple the two of you are." Her face was flushed.

"Why thank you." Elliot and I said together. And all three of us began to laugh. 

Our flight attendant pulled the cork from the champagne bottle; she had already opened it before bringing it out on her little cart. It seemed so fancy. A crisp white tablecloth covering the top of the cart, a carafe of orange juice and the chilled champagne in a silver ice bucket. Of course the champagne flutes were crystal. She poured the champagne and then a small amount of the orange juice. She handed me mine then Elliott his. "Please let me know if there is anything else you need." She said.

"We will, thank you." Elliot said. She nodded and smiled and was off to help another passenger.

"To us?" He asked as he lifted his glass for a toast.

"Of course," I said, "to us" And we touched our glasses together and sipped our drinks. We touched and kissed and talked as our plane made it's way to Miami. I asked to be excused and walked towards the ladies room. I was so horny. My little thong was wet. I went into the restroom and removed my thong. I used the restroom and afterwards lifted my foot up and placed it on the stool. I had to touch myself. My clit was so aroused, I rubbed it and before too long was fingering my wet pussy.

I thought about our night together and about what would come during our adventure. I was masturbating when I heard a light tap on the door. "Is everything ok?" It was the flight attendant.

"Uh...um...yes, fine." I stammered. "I'll be right out."

"No hurry, I just wanted to check on you." She said. "Are you sure there is nothing I can do for you? It is pretty private back here."

I became a little curious and moved my foot from the stool. I unlocked the door and peeked out. I hadn't noticed but my dress was still raised up almost around my waist, my thong lying on the floor next to my feet. "Oh shit! Sorry!" I said. As I started to smooth my dress down.

"Please, let me help, I am here to make your flight enjoyable." She said and before I could react she was down on one knee in front of me. Her black uniform skirt had risen up her thigh exposing her naked pussy. She had both of her hands on my hips as she began to slide them up under my dress. Her hands continued up reaching my breasts. As she began to pinch and massage my nipples her mouth was exploring my pussy. It felt incredible. I had been almost ready to cum when she interrupted me. My pussy was so aroused, her tongue began to move up and down between my cunt lips and suddenly she sucked my hard clit into her mouth. She continued rubbing and fondling my tits as her incredible mouth devoured my cunt. 

She slid her hands down to my hips again and them slid them around to my ass cheeks. She was groping at them and spreading them opened. She began to move, never taking her mouth from my snatch, gently leading me backwards into the bathroom. I slipped back into the tiny room and sat down on the edge of the toilet. She lifted my legs and placed them up onto the ledge, exposing my wide-open pussy. Quickly she had both hands down at my wet snatch. She opened my lips and plunged her face deep between my legs.

I couldn't resist, she was eating my cunt so well, I reached down and grabbed her head as I began to fuck her face. Oh my God, it was amazing. She was licking and sucking and fingering my cunt! I threw my head back and spread my legs wide. I wanted her to make me cum and I was so ready. She grabbed my legs and held them up as she ran her hard tongue down to my tight asshole! "Oh FUCK!" I yelled. "Oh yeah, eat that pussy, lick that ass!" "OH FUCK, it is soooo fucking good!" 

She moved her tongue up and down from pussy to ass over and over, and then plunged a finger deep in my ass as she sucked at my hard clit! She was very talented! "OH YES, you fucking bitch!" I pulled her hair and rammed her face into my clit as she sucked harder and pulled at it with her teeth. "Oh yeah, oh yeah that's it...here I cum baby...here I cum!" And at that moment, my cunt exploded! I was bucking and gyrating as she sucked every little bit of my juices out of me. I collapsed backwards onto the toilet as she slowly slid her finger from my asshole.

She gently rubbed my pussy and slid a finger inside me, sliding it out and putting it in her mouth. She sucked the taste from it. "Shit!" I said. "I was so caught up in the moment, how long have I been away from my seat?!" "Look at me, I must look a mess, what is Elliot going to think?!" I shrieked. 

"Well, I must say, I enjoyed the show." I heard Elliot's voice, as he walked around the side of the opened door. He had his cock sticking out from his unzipped pants and was stroking it. It was very hard and dark purple. "Why don't you sit over there next to my lady?" He said to the flight attendant. She obliged. As we sat there next to one another, she raised my dress as high as it would go, exposing my tits. She fondled them and pinched my nipples. She leaned down and began to suck and lick them as Elliot made his way towards us. 

"Oh yeah, very sexy, now my turn, are you ladies ready?" He said. I raised the flight attendant's head up towards mine and kissed her mouth. We both had our tongues out, licking at each other's mouths. Our mouths were wide open as Elliot came closer. He used one hand to stick his finger into my mouth forcing it open wider and then hers as he continued to stroke his hard cock. I reached out and took over stroking him, pulling him closer towards our faces. He reached down and grabbed my tit. "Oh yes, baby, that is so good." He said. I licked the tip of his cock and then shoved it deep into my mouth, shoving it down my throat. "Oh GOD! Oh my God!" He was screaming.

He quickly pulled his cock from my mouth and jacked his cum all over our faces. He was full! There was soooo much cum. He continued to shoot his gooey wad all over our faces. We lapped it up, licking it from each other's faces, kissing each other, licking it from his throbbing cock as he shot every last drop.

"OH FUCK!" He said, stumbling backwards a bit. He put both hands on the wall to steady himself, his cock still slightly hard and sticking out of his pants. I bent down and finished cleaning the cum from his shaft, gently tucking it back in and zipping him up. "You two are just fucking unbelievable!" He said. "That was like something from a dream!"

I stood up and reached for the water in the sink. There were several nice clean washcloths folded neatly in the corner. I got one of them wet and wiped our flight attendant's face off with it, then kissed her gently. "Thanks doll." She replied, "I need to get back to work, it was a pleasure to serve you." She said and winked as she walked away, back down the aisle, straightening her clothes and hair as she walked.

I kinda stood there, shaking my head, "I should clean up too!" I said.

"No, no, no...sit back babe, allow me." He said. I sat back down. Elliot wet another cloth, this time it was steamy. He laid the cloth over my pussy. It was so soothing. He then began to wipe my pussy clean. He did it slowly, methodically, exploring my pussy. He opened the lips and gently wiped them, rubbing lightly at my clit. He then slid the cloth down and back towards my asshole, tickling at it. I was beginning to become aroused again. He was stimulating each little part of my cunt.
