 I have always considered myself a very lucky guy. Trivia contests, lotteries, and games of chance usually seemed to go my way. So when I was notified that I had won a contest sponsored by a local radio station, it did not surprise me. What did surprise me however was the prize: A 6-day/7-night cruise with my favorite NFL football teams cheerleaders!

Ever since I was a teenager, cheerleaders have always fascinated me. Their routines, uniforms, and of course their incredibly fit and sexy bodies. Needless to say I was ecstatic at my good fortune. 

When the day finally arrived, I was more than ready. I think I doubly packed everything, you know, just in case. The journey to the ship was long and tedious. It seemed to take forever. Once at the dock however, it was utter chaos. Representatives from the radio station were everywhere. Shoving forms in my face, releases to sign, photos to be taken for publicity purposes, and interviews with the "big winner". By the time it was over and I had checked in, I was ready for a nap and some dinner.

Once I had freshened up, I decided to check out the ship. It was enormous to say the least. All the amenities you could think of and then some. There were quite a few activities listed for this cruise, and I made a mental note of some of the more interesting ones. Spotting the bulletin for the cheerleaders, I quickly scanned it. Looks like they were going to be extremely busy. Only one appearance was scheduled for tonight, so I was sure I would not miss anything by taking advantage of the ship's casino for a few hours. 

Roulette, blackjack, and some low-stakes poker. By the time dinner was called, the dealer was deeper into my pockets than I had expected. So much for Lady Luck tonight. Dinner went well. We had a marvelous meal and some pleasant dinner conversation. 

At long last the lights dimmed and the emcee announced the nights entertainment with dancing to follow. The cheerleaders came out dressed in their skimpy uniforms. Sequined halter tops, tiny shorts and white knee high boots. The room stood and cheered at their entrance. As for me that wasn't the only thing standing.

The girls put on a hell of a show that lasted a little more than an hour. Each one was introduced and gave a small biography of themselves. I recognized most of them from the TV and websites that I had been on. A few were rookies that I didn't know. By the end of the show my cock was extremely hard and throbbing. The girls said goodnight and left the stage. The emcee came back on and asked for a warm round of applause, which was hardly necessary. When the lights came back up an orchestra had assembled to our left and was beginning to play some slow blues.

I wasn't much in the mood for dancing, so I refreshed my drink and went up on deck for a stroll. It was a beautiful night with the stars sparkling overhead and the ships wake leaving a phosphorescent trail in the water. I wasn't the only soul who had decided to take advantage of the cool sea breeze. I sat in a deck chair and watched the couples walk around the deck. After a bit I grew restless and decided to head for bed, the evenings entertainment still on my mind. 

The rest of the week pretty much flew by. We were treated to some superb dining and some very lively entertainment by the cheerleaders. Unfortunately, they weren't allowed to mingle with the commoners very much, so unless they were performing, we really didn't see them much. 

By the end of the week I was pretty disappointed by the cruise. Don't get me wrong, I had an awesome time, but I couldn't help but feel let down by the premise of the cruise. I chided myself for feeling that way. What the hell did I expect? My very own private cheerleader for the duration of the cruise? Hell yes!!! I was after all the big winner! That thought caused me to laugh out loud. It also served to break the mood I was in. Feeling better I decided to put on my new swimsuit that I had bought in port the other day and go for a swim. 

The suit I had picked out was not my usual attire. I like to dress pretty conservative for the most part, and this was definitely further to the left than I dare to venture. The conservative suit section was bare to non-existent on this island so I had to make do. The staff was very friendly and helpful, as is their job. I had no idea what I was looking for, so I allowed one of them to help me pick out a nice one. After several styles and colors, she found one she thought I would really turn heads in. Trying it on, I felt very self-conscious walking out of the dressing room. The salesgirl looked me up and down, grinning broadly. I must have blushed about three different shades of red. She assured me I was going to be very busy after wearing this to the beach. (Does every guy fall for a cute salesgirl telling him what he wants to hear?) Oh well. I have to admit it did make me feel quite daring and sexy. I justified the purchase by telling myself I was on vacation after all, and I'm not that bad a looking guy, I certainly wasn't going to scare anyone away by showing off a little extra skin. At least I hoped not. 

Changing into my new suit and throwing a pair of shorts over them, I made my way to the pool area. It was another port day so most of the others were off ship. The pool area was very quiet so I took off my shorts and went for a brief swim. After a few laps, I found a deck chair and laid out in a deck chair for some sun. I must have dozed off for a bit, as I was awakened by a female voice. 

"Is this chair taken?" She asked. 

"Excuse me?" I said dumbly. 

"Is this chair occupied?" She asked again. 

"Oh, no, not at all." I said stumbling over my words. "Help yourself."

When I actually came to my senses, I couldn't believe my eyes. This girl was absolutely gorgeous. She stood 5'4" tall with long dark hair, sunglasses covered her eyes, but the rest of her was to be admired. I wasn't sure how long my mouth hung open, lucky for me she covered the awkward silence with ease. 

"They finally gave us some free time." she said with a smile of relief. "Most of the other girls went ashore. I decided to get some sun." 

"Well, I don't mind sharing a bit." I said with a smile. 

"Why thank you." She replied with a dazzling smile. "That is mighty sweet of you." 

My eyes followed her beautiful curves as she sat down in the chair. The small flowered bikini that she wore accented her body nicely. As she leaned over to set her bag down, my eyes went immediately to her cleavage. Her breasts were large compared to the rest of her which made them an obvious focal point. I guessed them to be about a 34D. Firm and well rounded. My mind wandered, picturing her jogging along the beach, her breasts bouncing along in rhythm. I groaned aloud as the image faded. 

"Did you say something?" She asked innocently. 

"Oh, excuse me." I faltered. "It must have been my lunch talking back." 

"Oh, I see." she giggled. 

Whew, I thought. That was close. She found a book and began to lay out her towel. I went back to surveying her fabulous body. Past her large breasts was an impossibly flat stomach, flared hips and long tanned legs that were long enough to reach the ground. It suddenly struck me as to who she was. She was one of the rookie cheerleaders!

"Aren't you one of the cheerleaders?" I asked dumbfounded. 

She laughed and pulled her sunglasses off, 

"Why, yes I am. Thank you for noticing. My name is Brianna." She offered her hand and I took it gently. Her touch was warm and very soft. 

"My name is Ken and I am very honored to meet you." 

"It's very nice to meet you Ken." she said warmly. "Are you a fan of football?" 

"Are you kidding?" I replied, "I've been following this team since I opened my eyes." 

She laughed and said, "I am glad to hear that. I just love being a part of this organization." We made some more small talk, exchanging our hometowns and favorite games we had seen. She prepared to rub some lotion on herself, and I, being the gentleman that I am offered to help. Actually I couldn't wait to run my hands over her fantastic body. She smiled gratefully and thanked me for the offer. The pleasure is all mine, believe me, I thought to myself. 

She turned over and laid on her stomach, flipping her hair to one side. I squeezed some lotion on my palms and gazed at her back. Oh my god, I thought. What an incredible ass she had. Her bikini bottoms were high cut and exposed her hips as well as most of her ass. Toned was not the word for her legs and ass. They were perfect. Small feet giving way to very shapely, muscular yet feminine calves, and strong sturdy thighs that I couldn't help but picture them wrapped around me. the slope of her back melted into an ass that could only be described as delicious. Tight, young and firm, but at the same time fleshy. A nice very spankable ass that curled under and gave way to those long lean legs. 

"Is something wrong?" She asked propping herself up on her elbows. 

"Oh no. Nothing at all I replied. Just trying to warm up the oil a little is all." I lied again. 

"Mmmmmmmmmm, you're so thoughtful." she said with a smile. "Here, let me help you with this." she said as she untied her top. 

"Ahhhhhh, much better." I whispered. 

I began to oil her up, first her shoulders and then down her back. 

"Oooooooh yes. That feels sooooooo good." She breathed. Yes, it certainly did. "You should be a masseuse." she said looking back over her shoulder. 

"As a matter of fact, I have taken a few massage therapy classes." I answered confidently. 

"Mmmmmmmmm, I can tell." she purred.

I was now down to the small of her back, a little nervous as to how to proceed. I decided a conservative approach would be best. I turned around and began to work on her feet. Applying a generous amount of oil, I worked her toes, the pads, insteps and heels. 

"Oh my god that feels awesome." she groaned. "All I wanted was some lotion on my back, and you're giving me a full body rubdown."

"I'm sorry." I apologized. "I got into character and forgot what I was doing." 

"Oh please, don't apologize. That feels wonderful. Whatever you do, DON'T STOP!" She gave me that radiant smile.

Encouraged, I continued upward. I kneaded her legs, enjoying the warmth and firmness. She was enjoying it too apparently, I could hear her humming as I worked. I stopped short of her fine ass cheeks. My fingertips barely brushing the creases.

"You're not done yet are you?" she asked, the corners of her mouth turning upward. 

"Well, your back is done." I said with a hesitant smile. 

"But you missed a spot." she said teasingly. "I certainly can't walk around with a sunburnt ass, can I?"

"Oh, well then." I said laughing, "I better get back to work." With that I placed my hands on her ass and began to squeeze. Her hips began to grind into the chair as I rubbed. Her moans were barely audible, and her breathing became somewhat labored.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmm, that's nice." she hissed between her teeth. 

"Yes, it is." I agreed. At this point I had to shift my body as my cock was beginning to stir. Brianna turned on her side and began to tie her top back together. She sat up and gave me a peck on the cheek.

"Thank you. That was absolutely wonderful!" 

"Well, I'm glad you liked it. I enjoyed it too." I said with a grin. 

Her gaze shifted down to my suit, "It certainly looks like you did!" she said with a giggle. I smiled shyly and tried to hide my embarrassment. 

"Hey, it's my turn to do you." she said changing the subject. I was grateful for the respite. I quickly lie down on the chair, face down. I had to shift my weight to find a more comfortable position. 

Her hands on my back were smooth as melted butter. Her touch was light and warm. As her hands slid further down, I could feel my temperature rising. My dick was rising as well. Shit, I thought to myself. What was I going to do? I was pretty much stuck on this chair until things calmed down. It was either that, or walk around with a flagpole in my swimsuit. 

"Okay," she announced, "You can turn over now." She wore a triumphant grin. 

"Oh, that's O.K." I stammered. "I'm good thanks." 

"Oh, no." she countered. "You gave me the full treatment, now it's my turn." 

"No, really. That's fine, thanks. You did a wonderful job." I said with a grateful smile. 

"I don't think so." she growled. Her tone softened a little, "What's the matter?" she asked with a knowing smile. "Hmmmmm, I think someone has a growing problem. Am I right?" Without waiting for an answer she slapped my ass lightly. That did not help my situation in the slightest. She continued on, "I don't mean to embarrass you." she said softly. "It's part of my job to get you aroused."

"What do you mean?" I asked curiously. 

"I mean," she said sweetly, "On any given Sunday, we are responsible for arousing 60,000+ men plus the TV audience. I'll bet you we have aroused more men than all those silly little blue pills. You see, you shouldn't be embarrassed, it is a natural reaction, and I'm glad you find me stimulating."

She did have a point there. I was beginning to feel more comfortable, so I turned over on my back. 

"There, that's not so bad is it?" she chided. 

"Not so much." I answered. I watched her big green eyes travel down my chest, coming to rest on my new suit. Her smile increased and her eyes lit up. 

"Mmmmmmm that is very nice." she beamed. "Nothing at all to be ashamed of there. That is very impressive! Now lie back and let me spread some oil."

I readily complied. She resumed her magical touch working her hands up and down and all over my chest, all the while stealing glances at my hard bulge. Brianna's hands were getting closer and closer to my swollen dick. I didn't know how much more I could take, or how much more the nylon would hold out. it was threatening to burst at any moment. 

Her hands were now resting on the waistband of my Speedo. She looked up into my eyes and the tip of her tongue appeared at the corners of her lips. Brianna leaned in close and whispered to me, "May I take a peek?" I couldn't believe what I was hearing. A hot NFL cheerleader was just rubbing oil on my chest, and now she wanted me to whip out my hard dick. 

I quickly glanced around, the pool area was still pretty quiet. I looked back at her and just nodded. Without so much as a word, she hooked the waistband of my suit and gave a playful tug. No longer constrained by the tight fabric, my cock sprang up and out, like a cobra striking. 

Brianna let out a loud gasp as her hand flew to her open mouth. "Holy shit! That is fucking huge!" She exclaimed. Finally freed from the cloth prison, my cock was fully erect and throbbing like a mad serpent swaying to music. "Damn!" she whispered, "I've never even seen anything like that!" 

I interrupted her reverie by suggesting we go back to my cabin. This broke her out of her spell. "Uh, yeah, sure...that sounds great." she stammered. It was now her turn to be nervous. I grabbed my towel and quickly threw it around me, while she picked up her things.

I ushered her down the hallway to my stateroom. When we got there our hands were all over each other. She immediately dropped my towel and her hands began rubbing my manhood. 

I quickly stopped her and whispered in her ear. "Ladies before gentlemen." I said with a wink. Her lips formed the sexiest pout, but she relented to my touch.

I began kissing and licking her neck, nibbling her ears on my way down to her shoulder. My hands quickly untied her top and let it fall to the carpet. I stepped back slightly as my hands slid around to cup her full breasts. Large and weighty with pink eraser sized nipples that were already erect. My mouth was watering just looking at them. I bent my head and began running my tongue around the outside of her areola. Her sigh changed to a moan as I sucked the hard nipple into my mouth. Gently clamping down with my teeth, I flicked the turgid bud with my tongue. I could feel her lower body pressing against me, betraying her need. My hands worked down her back, now familiar territory. I squeezed her ass hard pulling her into me. My erection was trapped between us, against her stomach. 

Brianna stepped backward toward the bed. Sinking slowly onto the bed, her hungry eyes traveled down my body. Her tongue unconsiously licked her lips. I quickly pushed her shoulders down to the bed and slid her bottoms off. Her legs opened easily and I caught a glimpse of her glistening pink lips. She was completely shaven and slick with moisture. 

I slowly caressed her inner thighs and dove for her pussy. The first taste was heavenly. My tongue slid up and down her moist slit. Her hips began to rock. I slid my hands underneath her sexy ass and pulled her to my face. I spread her lips with my thumbs, licking her clit gently. I took it into my mouth and sucked the tip. Her reaction was electric. I felt her whole body spasms as she let out a breathless gasp. "Oh God, yes! Right there!!!" I continued my assault on her clit, clamping it between my teeth. I flicked the tip of my tongue across the swollen bud. Once, twice, three times. Her reaction was the same each time. Her juices were really flowing now. I did my best to keep up but she was really into it. I slurped and licked as fast as I could, lapping up her juices. I slid my finger slowly into her sopping wet pussy, as if trying to plug a dike. A futile exercise at best, her orgasm was explosive. Brianna screamed loudly, her hands gripped my head and pressed me tightly between her legs. She actually squirted! My face hands and sheets were soaked were her juices. 

I wiped my face quickly on the sheets and looked up at her. She was panting heavily, her eyes closed in orgasmic bliss. Her eyelids fluttered open and she hit me with a bombshell. "You eat pussy almost as good as Jeanine!" 

"Excuse me?" I said incredulously.

She smiled and said, "Jeanine is one of the veteran cheerleaders on our squad. She's taken me out occasionally. We ended up getting together after a few drinks when my boyfriend dumped me. She invited me to her place after a few drinks and she consoled me. Damn, that woman can eat pussy!"

I was floored. First of all, to be compared to a woman in oral technique made my already hard prick throb. Secondly, the thought of one beautiful cheerleader going down on another, tipped the hardness scale. My manhood suddenly went from rock breaker to diamond cutter. I needed some relief.

Brianna sat up and kissed me softly. "My turn." She whispered. I stood up and she quickly slid to her knees in front of me. My rock hard cock stood straight up, erect and proud. "Damn!" she exclaimed, grasping the base of it tenderly. Her other hand grasped my cock above the first. "I'm going to need three hands to handle this monster!" She slowly began to stroke up and down, mesmerized by the size and length. A drop of precum was forming at the tip. I watched in a trance as her pink tongue slowly emerged from her mouth. She pulled my meat downward and licked the very tip. 

I groaned loudly, silently begging for more. Her eyes lit up as she looked up at me. "Could you do me a favor?" she asked. "Sure." I said hesitantly. "What is it?" 

She let go of my cock, letting it spring back up and slap my belly hard. Brianna reached into her bag, and pulled out a digital camera. "Would you mind taking a few pics for me?" she asked with a grin. Again I was stunned. A gorgeous, professional cheerleader about to give me the blowjob of my life, and she is asking ME to take photos of her! 

"I would be delighted." I choked. "Uh, these won't be posted on the teams website, will they?" I asked jokingly. "Of course not silly!" she chided. "It's an initiation of sorts. I can get into the Double Digit club." I must have looked confused. "I will explain later." she said with a wink. 
