 Copyright (c) 2018 James Miehoff, All Rights Reserved. 

This work may not be published whether for fee or free without this copyright.

---------

This is one of a series of stories set in what I call Universe-J. Universe-J is very much like this universe with a few exceptions. 

First the people tend to be a little more sexual and less hung up on sex that they are in our universe. This does not mean that monogamy is the exception. James and Heather were monogamous for a significant amount of time before they "accidentally" swapped partners.

Second the repercussions of unprotected sex are less severe than our universe. Not to say that STDs and unexpected pregnancies don't occur, just that they occur less frequently and in the case of STDs, a good shot of antibiotic will put you right again. HIV has yet to be introduced so STDs aren't a death sentence there.

Lastly, pedophilia and incest (which I will not be writing about) are virtually unknown. Children are to be protected and loved not abused. When they reach the age of consent, they can join in the adult games if they so desire, but there is no pressure on them to do so.

---------

Chapter 1 - Where we meet the neighbor

In keeping with the formula well established for this type of story let me introduce the main characters. 

My name is James and I am built like a Greek God. My wife Heather is a modern recreation of Aphrodite. Yeah, right. Truth is we are both mid- thirties with a few extra pounds and a few too many miles on us. Not to say we are slobs or anything, just not the types that you would ever think were about to have the adventure of their lives.

Let's try that introduction for real this time. I'm James, mid-thirties at the time of this adventure; about 6 feet tall; still have all my hair and teeth. Generally, I am considered easy going and occasionally cute. 

My wife, Heather is also mid-thirties, 5 foot 10 inches with a nice figure and nice breasts. She is a natural blonde with curvy shoulder length hair. As stated before, we are not going to win any beauty contests, but we are a little better than average looking for our ages.

We are both cruise fanatics and like to take two to three cruises a year just to get away and be pampered. This year due to work pressures and family responsibilities, we were only going to get one cruise in, so I decided to splurge and get us a suite. It was worth every penny to see Heather's face when we finally walked into the room. For a month, I had been lying to her that all we could get was an inside cabin because this was such a popular cruise. So, her face exploded with delight when she walked into the room and saw that it was not only a balcony cabin, but the biggest fucking balcony cabin she had ever seen.

After taking two steps into the room, she turned with a concerned look on her face and asked, "Are you sure this is the right room? It's not an inside cabin." 

Laughing I reassured her, "The key fit didn't it? It must be our room."

Laughing, we dragged our carry-on luggage in and began to explore the room. It was magnificent. A king sized bed with small dressers on either side. A large sofa that looked like it was a pullout bed flanked by two recliners made up the rest of the main room. There was a sink and counter with a large mirror just outside of the bathroom. And the bathroom, OMG! It was huge for a cruise ship. With a whirlpool bathtub, two sinks, a toilet and a bidet!

Heather immediately started trying to figure out which closet to use. There were three closets, including a closet off area next to the bathroom. Once she had that settled and announced who got what closet, she started to unpack her carry-on.

I decided to put a stop to that. 

"Hrrrummph!" I said getting her attention. "I believe that when somebody does something extraordinary they should be compensated in an extraordinary fashion."

A sudden gleam appeared in Heather's eyes as she looked up coyly and purred, "And what sort of compensation were you thinking of my dear?"

"Oh, a kiss might be a good start." 

"I see", she said as she moved slowly towards me. "All right, so close your eyes my gallant knight". 

As I complied, I could hear her get up off the bed and come closer. I was prepared to pounce when she came up to put a pleasant little kiss on my cheek. Little did I know. The first inkling that my plans were for naught was feeling her hands slide up my shirt and then down to my waist. Before I could even open my eyes, my shorts were down to my ankles and my cock was in her mouth. 

After some delightful tongue hockey and some long slow slurps, she surfaced for air. 

"Surprised?" she asked. 

"Shocked at your unprovoked attack upon my person," I replied. "But don't stop on my account please continue".

With a halfhearted kiss on the end of my now fully engorged member, Heather retreated back to the bed with a casual, "maybe later, don't want to wear you out on the first afternoon".

Seeing that she was not going to return, I muttered some sweet curses under my breath and proceeded to pull my underwear and shorts back up. 

"If that is how I am going to be treated, I am going to go see what our neighbors are up to," I grumbled.

"Fine. Tell it to the seagulls," she snickered. 

As I stepped out on the balcony, I was struck with how huge it really was. There were 2 full lounge chairs, 2 tables and 2 additional sitting chairs and it didn't seem crowded. As I went over to the railing, there weren't any seagulls, but there was an oddly familiar buzzing noise. It took a moment to identify that it was coming from the balcony aft of ours (I almost said left, but as this was a cruise ship, the nautical term applies). The privacy wall made looking only possible by stepping up to it and physically peering around it. So I stepped toward the wall to see what was happening. As I got closer, I started to hear low moaning sounds as well. 

As I stuck my head around the corner, preparing the obligatory "hello neighbor" greeting, I froze at the sight that I beheld in front of me. 

Lying on one of the recliners with a leg on either side of it was our neighbor. An absolutely beautiful woman lying absolutely naked on the recliner with her eyes closed and what appeared to be a purple rabbit vibrator being plunged in and out of her beautiful shaved pussy. As I stood there with my mouth catching flies and a total deer in the headlights look on my face, she cracked one eye and wiggled the fingers of her free hand in greeting, as an obviously huge orgasm washed over her.

After a long minute, she pulled the rabbit out and turned it off and sat up with a friendly, "Howdy neighbor!"

I barely managed to choke out a "hello", before she was up next me leaning on the balcony with her magnificent breasts jiggling in my face. 

Well they really weren't in my face, but I wanted them to be. 

"Hi, I'm Anabelle," she said, in a voice as beautiful as she was. 

"I'm James," I croaked, while praying fervently for some composure. 

"Welcome to the neighborhood." 

It was a couple seconds later that I saw she had extended her hand. Instead of a handshake, some part of my brain that was not paralyzed deftly collected her fingers and brought them to my mouth for a quick kiss. In doing so, I gave me a chance to inhale a whiff of her feminine fragrance still clinging to her fingertips.

Just then I heard the door to the balcony open and Heather stuck her head out. 

"C'mon over and meet Anabelle," I called out while grinning inside. 

I couldn't wait to see her reaction to out naked neighbor.

As she got closer, I moved back so she could get right up to the wall for a good look. Expecting a least a small shriek, I was disappointed as Heather said, "Hi Annabelle, I'm Heather. Glad to meet you." 

Like nothing was out of the ordinary. Standing there brain frozen, it took a poke in the ribs to wake me up to the fact that I was being addressed. 

"Honey, be a dear and go to the bar and get a couple Pina Coladas for each of us and something for yourself." 

Slowly parsing the sentence, 'Honey' appeared to be me and the rest of the sentence appeared to be an imperative declaration requiring a response from me. 

Kicking my vocal apparatus into gear, I replied, "Yes dear. Is there anything else you need?"

With a wicked grin and a gleam in her eye, she said, "No, that will do for now. Shoo. You have your marching orders. Now move soldier." 

The only appropriate answer was, "Yes Ma'am". 

Taking a last glance at Anabelle's ample charms I beat a hasty retreat. 

Stopping at the buffet to score a tray, I headed to the pool bar and was on my way with 4 Pina Coladas and a couple of Margaritas in no time flat. Juggling the tray and opening the door was a little tricky but I managed to not spill anything. Although I nearly lost the whole tray when I walked into the room and stopped abruptly.

The sight that caused my sudden stop was my wife and Anabelle sitting on the couch. Anabelle had one of the ship's robes on, but it was pulled down to her waist and my wife was sitting next to her massaging her tits. After the sudden shock, I thought my shorts, which had been getting a little tight in the front from the earlier scene on the balcony, were going to tear apart right then and there. That shock was nothing compared to the next words out of my wife's mouth. 

"James, perfect timing. Bring those drinks over here and check out Anabelle's breasts." 

I think I needed new clean shorts. There had to be a huge wet spot spreading on them.

So I did what any polite red blooded horny as hell guy would do, I put the tray down carefully and handed them each a Pina Colada. I sat down on the floor in front of the couch and then gently replaced my wife's hands with mine. 

As I gently touched her magnificent mounds, Anabelle began to shiver a little and her nipples began to harden and crinkle. 

"Ooooh, your hands are cold!" she exclaimed. 

"Sorry," was all I could reply. 

"It's OK. I like a little cold play. It makes my nipples stand up for attention".

"Annabelle recently had her breasts done," Heather stated matter of factly. "I don't think they feel fake at all, so we wanted an expert opinion." 

I continued my examination while the girls started working industriously on their drinks. 

"My hat is off to the doctor who did this work. They are beautiful and a real compliment to the lady they are attached to." 

As I rubbed my thumbs over her nipples, Annabelle began to moan and quiver a little.

"I was curious about whether she had lost any sensitivity," Heather said, "I had always heard that was one of the side effects, but she says that they are even more sensitive now than they were before." 

As I continued my exploration, I noticed that Anabelle had slid her free hand down under the robe and was slowly fingering herself. 

Turning to Heather, I said "Well now that I have checked out Annabelle's breasts, I should compare them to a set of unmodified ones" and reached over lifting Heather's shirt up. 

Fully expecting to get slapped or otherwise rebuffed, I was shocked when she put her drink down and grabbed the sides of her shirt and pulled it right off. Then grabbed the front of her bra and tugged until the girls popped out and then continued to pull the bra over her head. 

"Go ahead, check 'em out," she said.

Turning back to Anabelle for a moment, I planted a big wet kiss on her right nipple and murmured, "I'll be back" before moving both hand over to my wife's fun bags. 

Exploring my wife's territory was interesting. Her nipples were bigger and harder than I could remember. And she was quivering and moaning by the time I started pulling on her nipples. When I slid my left hand off her breast, I noticed the little minx had her hand jammed down her shorts and it looked like a mink fight was going on in there. 

Sliding my left hand back over to Anabelle's right breast and pinching her nipple elicited a little squeal and a much better view of her pussy as the robe came completely apart. She had her two middle fingers working in and out of her pussy while her thumb rubbed on her clit. Her left hand was caressing her left breast and pinching her nipple in time to my activity. Moaning that was almost a purr was coming from her lips as she shifted slightly and faced her pussy straight into my line of sight. 

The smell of her pussy was intoxicating. "You smell so wonderful," I said as my little brain took over "I could just eat you up."

The next thing I knew, Anabelle had both of her hands on the back of my head and was pushing my mouth to her waiting pussy. 

"Yes! Oh God! Please eat me. EAT ME NOW!" 

A quick glance over at my wife before my head was buried showed that in the few seconds since I had moved my hand, my wife had slid her shorts down and was furiously rubbing her clit while yanking on her nipple. 

"Yes eat her... I want to see you fucking eat her... Make her come. ...Use that tongue," and other dirty things came out of my wife's mouth before I was completely focused on eating that delicious pussy I was being drawn toward.

Starting with her pussy lips, l ran my tongue up and down collecting Anabelle's nectar and swallowing. 

Then running my tongue lower I slowly licked around her fuck hole. Lapping up the pussy juices oozing out, she started grabbing my head and pulling me up while demanding me to "Lick my clit, lick it, please, make me come. Lick my clit and make me come." 

So I did. My tongue found her love button and the talk trailed off into an "oooooohhhhh yyyyeeesssssss..."

I was so concentrating on enjoying Anabelle's lovely pussy that I completely lost track of Heather. At least until my shorts and underwear got pulled down again. 

"Did you come already?" Heather whispered in my ear after she found the end of my cock drenched in pre-cum. 

"Nuh-uh, just drooling," I managed while sliding my first two fingers into Anabelle's dripping pussy.

"In that case, I better clean it up," Heather breathed into my ear and I felt her rearrange herself into position over my cock. 

When her lips slid over the head of my cock and her tongue started sliding side to side on the sensitive skin under the head, I had an out of body experience. Here I was eating the pussy of one of the most beautiful women I had ever met, while the woman I loved was giving head like a porn starlet auditioning.

Just then Anabelle grabbed my head and smashed me into her while shaking like an epileptic. 

In the process my thumb, which had been circling her crinkled asshole, teasing her, got jammed all the way in, setting off her shaking orgasm. 

Just before I passed out, Anabelle relaxed her death grip on my head and I pulled back to get some air. 

Revived by the air, I could feel my orgasm starting to build. I guess Heather could too. She pulled her mouth off my cock and grabbed the base of my shaft and squeezed. 

"Not yet bitch boy," she purred. "You don't get your rocks off that easily. There is plenty more pussy to be eaten before you earn your reward."

I started to retrieve my fingers from Anabelle's pussy (and my thumb from her ass) when she grabbed my wrist and shoved them back inside. Then pulled them part way out and thrust them back in. 

"This is a first" I thought "I've never had my hand used like a two headed dildo before." 

As she pulled my fingers out again I wiggled the fingers and rotated my thumb, eliciting a little squeal. This must have aroused Heather's curiosity because she picked her head up out of my lap to watch the show. 

At this point, I started to help things out by moving my hand in and out, wiggling my fingers and rotating my thumb without her assistance. Once Anabelle realized I was going to continue on my own she brought her left hand up to her breast and started playing with her nipple. 

After a few seconds she scooped her hand under the breast and pulled the nipple up to her mouth and began sucking on it. Then scooped up the other breast and alternated sucking on each one.

In the meantime, Heather pulled my hand out and leaned in and did something that shocked me. She started eating Anabelle's pussy. This was a side of my wife I had never seen before. 

Freed of my pussy related responsibilities, I rolled over and kicked my shorts and underwear the rest of the way off and quickly pulled off my shirt. While doing this, I could see my beautiful wife had gotten naked and was on her knees licking ferociously at poor Anabelle's pussy. This gave me a perfect opportunity for a surprise attack of my own.

I quietly moved around until I was directly behind Heather, grabbed her ass cheeks, spread them and licked her pussy all the way up to her asshole. Then back down to slide my tongue into her sopping wet love hole. I quickly replace my tongue with my two middle fingers and used my thumb to start rubbing her clit. My reward was that she spread her legs a little wider and squatted back a little more giving me better access.

Her pussy muscles were clenching my fingers as I drove them in and out, so I knew she was close. So I leaned in and began to tongue her asshole. Heather is not normally very ass centric, but the way it was opening and closing for my tongue I decided to go for it and slid my other thumb into her pussy to get it nice and wet then brought it up and with slow pressure slid it into her ass. Slowly I increased the speed of that thumb until it matched the speed I was thrusting into her pussy. Into her ass/out of her pussy, out of her ass/into her pussy and repeat. I could tell she was building to a big orgasm. And from the sound of things, so was Anabelle.

Suddenly Annabelle began to shake and moan and Heather brought her head up and went, "Oh fuck yes. Screw me. Fuck my pussy with your fingers you son of a bitch. I'm coming." 

And based on the amount of pussy juice I was getting on my fingers, she was. 

Thinking fast, I pulled my hand out and lubed up my dick with her pussy juices and put the head of my cock to her pulsing fuck hole. By this time my dick was hard enough to pound nails, so there was no problem sliding it into her pussy. My dick slid smoothly into her pussy just as she hit the peak of her orgasm.

"Oh My God, Your dick feel so GOOD! Fuck me with it, fuck me with your dick! Fuck me, fuck me, fuuuuukkkk mmmeeeee. I'mmm commming agggaainnn". 

Needless to say I hadn't been sitting around doing nothing, I had started off slow, but by the time she got to "I'mmmm commmming..." I was slamming her like a porn star. I never wanted it to stop. Her ass was pulsing on my thumb in time to her orgasm as I pushed it in and pulled it out. I was dying it was so good. 

I finally forced my eyes open so I could watch my thumb ass fuck the woman I loved. That's when I saw Anabelle kneeling next to us reaching her hand toward Heather's cunt. A second later I felt her fingers slide into Heather's pussy and start to stroke my cock inside her pussy. And that was when I lost it. I slammed my dick into Heather's pussy and started spewing spurt after spurt of cum deep into her. It seemed like forever when I finally pulled out of Heather and fell back on the floor. 

I must have passed out because some time later, I came to my senses feeling a mouth on my cock. It was a very talented mouth. Unbelievably, my cock got hard again almost instantly. I carefully cracked an eye open and saw that Anabelle was the one gobbling my cock. 

I heard a clicking sound and curiosity got the better of me. I opened my eyes and looked over to see Heather with the camera taking pictures of Anabelle sucking on my cock. She was walking around the room taking pictures from all sides, close-ups of my cock in her mouth, full side shots of both of us, close-ups of Anabelle's pussy, close-ups of Anabelle's pussy with Heathers fingers in it, close-ups of her pussy with Anabelle's fingers in it.
