 Christy and I had dated in high school and college, but had drifted apart and both married different people. I had gotten divorced after only a few years, but had not remarried for 15 years. After she got divorced and moved back home, I had bumped into Christy and we had started dating again. 

Because we had tried to keep our dating secret from our kids, we had ended up having sex a few times in her minivan. The sex was amazing, and the risk of getting caught had added an extra thrill that I hadn't even planned on.

Christy and her daughter had agreed to go on a Summer cruise with John and I, and even though both kids had guessed that we were dating, we were planning to keep it cool during the cruise. John and I had booked a nice room with a balcony, and at the last minute, Christy had booked an "inner ship" room with Lisa, her daughter.

Once we got on board, though, John had moved into Lisa's room, and Christy had moved in with me. Even though we were worried that the kids might be too young for this kind of set-up, the kids seemed to be "enjoying it" more than us.

On day 2, I had learned that Christy was enjoying the exhibitionist aspect of the cruise ship even more than the minivan. This was not a completely new experience for either of us, but I have to say this was the most daring we had ever been.

So at night after dinner, when Christy dressed up in a sundress with nothing underneath, my imagination started running wild. 

She had been wearing sunscreen, but her skin was almost as tan as mine. I suspect it was artificial, but it didn't matter. Her skin looked stunning against the pastel sun dress, and the outlines of her breasts made my heart beat faster. 

We had moved from nightclub to nightclub, drinking and dancing, and we were amazed by the sheer number and variety of clubs in the ship. Each club offered live music, and when the bands took a break, we simply walked to the next club, drinks in hand, and continued our party late into the night.

The cruise ship not only offered bars, but also offered "premium" restaurants where you could eat if you wanted something other than what was served in the main restaurant. Just after midnight, we ended up at one of those restaurants, that appeared to serve dinner right up until midnight, and then convert into a bar for the rest of the evening.

The music was provided by a live band that played lounge versions of top 40 songs from the 70's that were surprisingly good. Each of the musicians were clearly well-trained, well-practiced, and professional. We danced to song after song, until we were tired. 

When we finally sat down, we picked a table in a darkened corner that allowed us a view of the dance floor. Without even asking, one of the waiters brought over fresh drinks for both of us. When I offered to pay, he waived me off, and explained that the bartender at the previous bar had sent up "comped" drinks for us.

Although I would like to think it was because I had left a generous tip, it was most likely because of how Christy was somehow managing to gradually show more cleavage and more legs at the same time. I had tried not to be obvious about grabbing her ass on the dance floor, but she was not shy at all about showing of her best features.

As we sat in the booth, she casually reached her had under the tablecloth and started rubbing my dick through my jeans. Because we were both about half wasted, we paid no attention to whether people could see us or not, but we were pretty sure they couldn't. The room was dark, and the tablecloth blocked the view of anyone who wasn't in the booth with us. 

"Don't start something you can't finish." I whispered. 

"Oh I can finish..." She promised.

Christy leaned over to kiss me, and I used my hand to pull her skirt up. I figured as long as she was groping me, I would return the favor. When I put my hand between her legs, I could feel the moisture of her excitement, and so I started massaging her pussy right there in the booth. 

I looked up, and the waiter was smiling at us, and even gave me a sly wink before turning away. The room wasn't very crowded, and he retreated back to the bar, where he resumed watching us from a distance. He would stop every once in a while to serve another customer, but other than that, seemed to be enjoying the show. 

Without taking her eyes off me, Christy unzipped my jeans, and pulled my underwear down far enough to release my dick. Since she had both of her hands in my lap, it was now obvious to the waiter what was going on, but no one else seemed to have noticed. 

Once my dick was free, Christy turned her body so that we weren't being as obvious, but when she kissed me again, she started jerking me off with one hand. For some reason, the idea of being out in public was sexy as hell to me. I continued to massage her pussy, but I could tell I wasn't having nearly the effect on her that she was having on me. 

After a few minutes I could tell I was ready to come, and I told her so. Because of the alcohol and the foreplay, my dick was almost desperately hard. I thought she was going to jerk me off into one of the napkins, or maybe leave my jeans a mess, but to my surprise, she didn't do either.

Christy snuck a quick look around, and then leaned over and put her head in my lap, taking my dick deep into her mouth, almost to her throat. Almost immediately, I was overwhelmed by the sensation, and started ejaculating into her mouth before she even had a chance to come up for air. 

Christy came back up before I was finished coming, but she caught some of my semen in her hand and wiped it off on the napkin. 

"My God, that was awesome." I said. 

"I told you I would pay you back." She said. 

And after that, she stood up, stretched just enough to show off her body, and started to lead me out. I stopped long enough to leave a $20 tip for the waiter, who smiled at Christy and gave me a "thumbs up" sign when she wasn't looking. 

By the time we got back to the room, it was 1am, so it was already day 3 of the cruise. Day 3 was a day at sea, so we didn't have to be up by any particular time. When we got back to the room, and Christy stripped her clothes off, I thought she might be ready for more, but instead she curled up with me and went to sleep. Watching her sleep, I realized that she was my dream girl. I had let her get away before, but I wouldn't make that mistake again.

The next morning I was awake early, showered, and ordered breakfast for the room. In a surprisingly short time, the room service staff brought us omelettes and bagels, with way more bacon than we had requested. As I brought the breakfast to bed, Christy stirred awake, but decided to make a trip to the restroom before eating breakfast.

When she came back to bed, she had brushed her hair and teeth, but she was still completely naked. I marveled at her figure, and told her how good she looked. I had been working out and dieting for weeks to get ready for the cruise, and she knew it, but she was in as good a shape as ever, and really much better shape than I was in.

Rather than sit on the bed, she picked up the plates and walked out to the balcony. I was wearing the bathrobe, since I had met room service at the door. Christy sat the plates on the balcony table, and came back to me with a grin on her face. 

Before we sat down, she loosened the bathrobe, and carefully took it off my shoulders. I had not been wearing underwear, so now we were both naked.

"Let's just stay naked all day," she smiled. 

"Sounds good to me, but I bet they will throw us out of the show tonight."

"Maybe not," she mused. "Maybe the show tonight is 'Hair.'" 

In fact, we had reservations for the Broadway-style show on board ship that night, but I am pretty sure it was 'Cats.'"

Still, the idea of spending all morning naked was appealing to me, and my erection started to swell.

She reached down and touched my erection. "I will take care of that in a minute," she said. "But breakfast first."

With that, she sat in a chair on the balcony, still naked, and started to eat her breakfast. I thought about how she didn't wash her hand after touching my dick, but it occurred to me it had been in her mouth plenty of times in the last few weeks.

The balcony was pretty large, and the privacy from the other balconies was pretty good. If someone were leaning up to the balcony keyhole from the room next door, they could most likely see through, or if they leaned over the balcony, they could turn around. But the only thing in front of us was open ocean. 

The sun had risen, and the wind had calmed a bit, but it was still windy and warm. The wind covered our conversation, and the warmth made us feel completely comfortable to be naked. We couldn't hear any conversation on any of the other balconies, so we assumed we were about the only ones taking advantage of the view.

When we finished our breakfast, Christy stood up and stretched, and let me admire her body again. When she stretched, the outline of her stomach muscles made the deep "V" shape all the way to her pussy. She looked amazing and I was instantly erect. 

She moved over to me slowly, and ran her hands softly over my muscles, starting with my shoulders and back, and gradually working her way down to my dick. By the time she caressed my erection, I was in heaven, and started running my hands lightly over her breasts.

Her breasts were small and firm, and her nipples became erect at my touch. After a few minutes, she lowered herself down to her knees and guided my cock into her mouth. Even though the feeling was amazing, I had decided that I wanted more.

When I slowly pulled her to her feet, she looked disappointed, but she gave in to me when I turned her around, and hugged her from behind. In this position, her ass was pressed up against my dick, and the balcony railing was only a foot or so in front of her.

As I reached down and started massaging her pussy, she spread her legs, and leaned over to hold the balcony for support. She was so much shorter than me that I had to spread my legs to get down to her level, but once I did, my dick easily rubbed up against her now-soaking pussy. 

With just a slight shift of position, I pushed my dick inside her, and nearly lifted her off the ground with the strength of my first thrust. She arched her back, in order to take more of my dick, and almost immediately it felt like I was "bottoming out" against her cervix.

We fucked on the balcony and enjoyed the morning sun for a long time. Although I sometimes come within a few minutes, I was able to last a long time, alternating between slow strong thrusts and fast shallow ones.

As I was picking up my pace in response to her heavy breathing, we heard the balcony door next to us slide open. There was little danger of being seen, but Christy was leaning over the railing slightly. I could tell from her reactions that the idea of getting caught was wildly exciting to her. She stayed as quiet as possible, but bucked back against me harder and harder.

From my angle, I could only see the smallest part of the balcony next to us, and it was clear that an older man had come up and leaned on the balcony to watch the sunrise. I could only see his hands, but from Christy's angle, I am sure she was able to look him in the eyes. 

When she looked over his direction, she immediately starting having a long orgasm. Her contractions felt rhythmic for nearly a whole minute, and she held her breath for almost as long. I had to support her legs to keep her from falling, and I pumped my dick into her slowly and deeply while she rode out the rest of her orgasm. I have no idea if he was watching, but whatever it was clearly worked for Christy.

No one spoke, and I am guessing he figured out what we were doing, because he retreated back to one of his deck chairs. I didn't hear the door close, so I assume he sat there listening to us. 

When she recovered, I let go of her legs and placed my hands on her shoulders so I could pull her back against my dick. As she arched her back even further, I started pounding her as hard as I could. I kept thinking about her having an orgasm while looking into this stranger's eyes. 

Within a few seconds, I groaned as I felt my load pumping deep into her pussy. I held my dick inside her as my orgasm finished, and moved my dick in and out to deposit the rest of my load as my dick started to grow limp. When I finally withdrew, she sat back down on a deck chair, and stretched again as my cum slowly dripped out of her pussy. I put a towel under her and made a mental note not to use that towel after my shower. 

She closed her eyes in the morning sun, and relaxed as if the sex was exactly what she had needed to finish her breakfast properly. We were in no hurry, so we both laid on the balcony until the sun started to heat up. When we finally decided to go back into the bedroom, we opened the sliding glass door, and got the surprise of the cruise so far.

John and Lisa were sitting on the bed in their bathing suits.

"That was hot," said Lisa.