 Dave headed straight to the shower when he got home. He tried to clear his head and decide what to do about Julia as the warm water sprayed on his shoulders. His thoughts kept slipping back to the feel of her lips on his cock, though, and soon he drifted into a daydream as he stroked his now hard erection. He was close to cumming when he caught himself and stopped, chastising himself. "You've got to do something about this; he said to himself.

After dinner he settled down to grade papers. His mind cleared as he worked for the next hour or so. He was about to head to bed when the phone rang. He was caught by surprise to hear Julia's voice.

"Hi, Dave" Julia said with a giggle. "I figured it was ok to call you Dave now that you've....you know.... come in my mouth...but don't worry I'll still call you Dr. Marks when students are around."

"Julia, why are you calling me," Dave asked quietly.

"My God your huge! I didn't expect you to be THAT big....you should be making porn or something." she said with another giggle. "I could barely get you into my mouth....I'm sorry I choked by the way, next time it won't happen."

"Julia, please-" Dave started to say.

"I mean I've never had cum shoot in my throat so hard before....I'd never seen a shaved one before either..." she giggled again. "I want to lick your balls next time," she whispered.

"Julia, we need to talk about what happened, and make sure it doesn't happen again"

"Yeah right, Mr. "Leave the Glasses on, I Like it Better That Way". You wanted it as much as me." she giggled again.. "Anyway, I wanted to let you know that I won't be around tomorrow because I have a weekend field trip to the city. I'll try to stop by first thing though, but if I don't you won't have to wonder where I am."

"Julia-"

"And I wanted you to check your email, because I took a couple of pictures for you...my roommate Sherry took them...I think you'll like them" She said with another giggle.

"You can look at them instead of going to that gross strip club or picking up hookers downtown. And yes, everyone knows you do that too."

"Julia, I haven't done that in a few years....and why am I explaining myself to you anyway, dammit!" he said rubbing his forehead.

Julia laughed, "Well I'll see you soon, I'll miss you." The line went dead.

Dave wandered over to the computer logged on and checked his email. A message was waiting from Julia. There was no subject, and the only text was a winking emoticon and 'Love, Julia".

There were several pictures attached. The first was Julia in a tight white tanktop, smiling. He had to snicker as the word "Jailbait" was spelled across the shirt in rhinestones. Her large breasts were pressed against the fabric and her hard nipples clearly outlined. She was wearing a pair of red lace panties and he could clearly see the hair on her mound under the lace as her legs were spread.

In the second the top was pulled halfway up her breasts, and she slipped a finger under her panties; her eyes were closed as she apparently touched herself. Dave felt himself getting hard; in the third the top was up to her neck and she pinched her nipples with one hand as the other worked her pussy. 

By the seventh picture, she was naked on her back with her eyes closed, and her fingers worked her now glistening pussy. Dave couldn't help but stroke himself as he opened all the pictures on his screen and masturbated. With a grunt he came, his cum erupting from his cock. He shook his head as he shut down his computer...ashamed at himself for lacking the will to delete the pictures before turning the machine off. He finally went off to bed.

The next morning he arrived at work, glad to see the hall was empty. He unlocked his office door and did a double take when he saw Julia sitting at his desk, surfing the web on his computer.

"How the hell-" he said, shaking his head.

"The secretary let me have a key, since I'm your assistant now", she said quietly, standing up. She was wearing a baggy pair of low riding cargo pants and a short tank top. He could see her bare belly, and the outline of her nipples grew as she went to him. She kissed him on the mouth, and he felt the sparks again. Her tongue slid between his teeth and swirled over his; he felt himself start to drift as she put a hand around his neck and moaned slightly. She slowly pulled away from his lips. 

"I leave in half an hour so I took a chance that you might get in early" she whispered, kissing his neck as he tried to build up some resistance to what she was doing. She unzipped his fly and began to stroke his cock. It stiffened immediately in her hand.

"Did you like the pictures?" she asked with a smile, squeezing him a little harder and stroking a bit faster. "Did they make you cum?"

"Yes...." Dave whispered, closing his eyes as she stroked.

With a smile, she stepped back. Still stroking his cock with one hand, she undid the drawstring of her pants with the other, and it fell down to her ankles. His breath drew in as he admired her naked torso, her light pubic hair over the pink lips of her pussy, her tanned legs.

She pulled him toward her by yanking on his cock. His throbbing dick brushed against the hair of her pussy and she moaned slightly.

"I really want you to fuck me, but not here." she whispered in his ear. "I want it to be special, in your bed." she flicked her tongue over his earlobe. "But I thought you might like to taste me today...you know to kind of return the favor from yesterday." She squeezed his cock a bit harder, as if to remind him.

Dave felt like he was in a dream. He was unable to resist her. He wanted to taste her...to hear her whimper and moan as he licked her. He just moaned slightly as she kissed and stroked him.

He quietly dropped to his knees as she leaned back against his desk. She moaned a bit as he licked inside one of her thighs, working his way up to her mound. He could smell the sweet muskiness as he swirled his tongue up to her damp spot., she muffled a louder moan as he slipped his tongue between her damp lips, flicking against her already swollen clit. He felt her juices wet his chin as he closed his mouth over her pussy and slipped his tongue inside her.

He felt her knees buckle slightly...she was close, so he slowed down a bit. She cried out again as he licked down from her clit past her pussy and down to her asshole. She moaned as he flicked his tongue against it.

"Oh yes....so nice" she moaned, biting her lower lip....she pulled her top up and began to tweak her nipples.

Dave felt her shudder some more as he slipped a finger between her swollen lips and into her...he could feel her muscles clench around it as he slid it in and out...her hips began to tremble and arch upwards.

He lifted her up and sat her down on the desk, ignoring the crash of his coffee mug dropping to the floor. She wrapped her thighs around his neck and pushed his face into her with a thrust of the hips. She moaned as she came, squeezing her thighs tighter around him. He kept his tongue on her clit, feeling it tremble and pulse as the orgasm hit, until she pushed his head away.

Dave stood up as she purred on the desk, her hips still trembling. His throbbing cock was inches from her wet swollen lips...He gently brushed it against her glistening pubic hair; he wanted to put it in her, he wanted to feel it inside her tight wet space.

"No, not yet," she whispered, as if emerging from a dream. "Not here...want it to be special, and romantic."

She smiled up at him and he pulled away, as if in a trance. Julia slowly got up off the desk and dropped to her knees. She began to stroke him again, slowly at first, but quickly picking up the pace...undoing his pants, she slid them and his shorts down past his knees. She smiled up at him as she began to lick his balls. He moaned as her tongue swirled over them, and down to his asshole. She giggled as he gasped, her tongue flicking over him and up to his balls again.

He could feel his cum rise as she began to stroke faster. He looked down at her and she smiled as she stroked him....

'Cum on baby, lets see it, cum for me" she whispered, rubbing his cock against her breasts.

"Oh God," he moaned, as he erupted, shooting his load onto her breasts and belly. She giggled as she squeezed him forcing more onto her chest.

He looked down at her, and she smiled up at him, swirling his cum over her breasts and belly....he felt another spike of arousal as she slipped her wet finger into her mouth and licked it.

He zipped himself up and quietly sat in his chair, as Julia pulled her shirt down and her pants up.

She leaned over and kissed him; feeling defeated, he kissed her back. She smiled at him and picked up her bag.

"See you soon," she giggled, backing to the door...she blew him a kiss and left.

Dave slowly came down from the high of the orgasm...the wave of guilt crashing back down over him....he felt helpless; he wanted her as much as she wanted him, he admitted to himself.

The rest of the day was uneventful; Julia was not at his lecture, as expected; but he still felt a bit paranoid, every time he walked by two students and they giggled, he wondered if they knew something; his nerves were frazzled. He spent the rest of the afternoon alone in his office and quietly left for home at 4 pm.

He got home and noticed his answering machine flashing....oh great, probably Julia checking in he thought to himself. But he was surprised to hear a different female voice, one that took him a moment to recognize.

"Hi Dave....ummm, its me Serenity from the club, though I guess you can call me Tina, because that's my real name....I have tomorrow night off, so I was wondering if you wanted to have dinner together. You can leave me a message at home if its ok with you...cant wait to hear from you."

"Maybe that's just what I need," Dave said out loud, "a night out with a real woman."

He dialed her number and left a message for her to come by his place at 8.

Saturday was quiet day...Dave stayed around the house preparing lesson plans, anticipating his evening with Tina. He concentrated on his last "visit" with her, and the sight of her large firm breasts in his face as she danced for him; perhaps more accurately he tried not to concentrate on his recent experiences with Julia. Around 6 PM the phone rang. Dave picked it up, expecting Tina on the line to maybe ask directions to his place, but instead heard Julia's voice. 

"Hi it's me, honey...do you miss me" Julia asked with a giggle.

"Julia-" he started before she cut him off.

"I can't wait to get back....we are having fun, but I miss you.....and your big cock too" she whispered. "I went shopping today...I got a nice new nightie, and I got this little school girl outfit...I bet you'll like it."

"Julia....we'll need to talk when you get back-" Dave replied, rubbing his forehead, trying not to picture her young body in lace and garters.

"Sure thing sweetie...maybe a nice quiet dinner, then we can talk in bed later."

"Julia, please listen to me-"

"OK, I have to go soon, but We'll be back tomorrow some time. I'll call you then." The line went dead.

Dave sighed and hung up the phone. He headed to the shower to get ready for his date, and clear his head.

Around 8 O'clock, he answered a knock on the door. Part of him expected to see Julia, but it was indeed Tina. He was surprised to see Tina looked a bit different from "Serenity," Her hair was up, and she was wearing a short green dress, and black stockings. The dress was cut high up her thighs displaying her long beautiful legs. The neckline was low enough to show the tops of her large breasts.

"Wow, you look amazing" Dave said with a smile.

"Were you expecting me to show up in leopard spandex with a zipper down the front?" she said with a smile. "Not that you would mind that, though, right?", she said with a wink and a smile.

She stepped in and kissed him on the cheek, her tongue flicking against his skin. "Don't worry, you can still fuck me tonight" she whispered in his ear. Her hand squeezed his crotch as she kissed him again on the neck. He reached around and slipped a hand under the hem of her dress, and caressed her ass. She smiled and pulled away. 'But you need to feed me first lover!" she said with a smile. He grinned and grabbed his jacket as they headed out to the car.

They enjoyed a quiet dinner at the restaurant. Dave relaxed and for the first time in what seemed like weeks, Julia did not enter his thoughts. As they waited for desert Dave felt Tina's foot brush against his thigh and press against the bulge in his pants. He blushed as her toes caressed him...Tina smiled as she ran her tongue over her lips.

"I better run to the girl's room...be right back" she said quietly, slipping her shoe back on as she got up.

When she returned a few minutes later, she leaned over his shoulder and nuzzled against his neck.

"Ready to leave soon, lover?" she asked, kissing him on his cheek. With a quiet giggle she dropped her pair of black lace panties in his lap. She was grinning as she sat down. Dave smiled back as he quietly slipped them into his pocket.

She rested her head on his shoulder as they drove home, her hand caressing his thigh as she kissed his neck. To Dave, the drive seemed to take a lifetime. Finally he pulled into his driveway. They ran up the stairs to his front door.

Once inside they kissed; Dave felt her tongue ease into his mouth and slide over his. He slipped his hands down over her now bare ass and caressed it as they kissed again. She smiled and took a step back from him, and raised her arms in the air. He looked into her eyes as he lifted her dress up and off her, tossing it away, leaving her wearing only her thigh high stockings and a black lace bra. He turned her around, she leaned against the front door as he stood behind her and kissed the back of her neck and shoulders. His fingers nearly trembling, he undid her bra and eased it off her shoulders. She moaned quietly as he caressed her stiff nipples and cupped her firm breasts in his hands. He felt her quiver as he ran his tongue down her spine; goosebumps sprang up on her back as he kissed the bottom of her back. Dropping to his knees, he slowly kissed the top of her ass, and down to the top of her thighs. With a moan she spread her legs so he could slip his tongue between her warm pink pussy lips.

Quietly he sat down facing her crotch as she slowly rocked her hips against his mouth. He slipped his tongue inside her and swirled it over her clit. She gasped as he took it between his teeth and gently flicked his tongue on it. Slowly he swirled his tongue some more over and inside her. Her moans were louder now and her hip thrusts rhythmic as he slipped a finger inside her, his tongue dropping lower to the sensitive skin below her shaved lips. She gasped as he slipped a second finger inside her, matching the rhythm of her thrusts with the action of his fingers. She began to cry out as his tongue flicked again over her clit. He glanced up to see her, eyes closed, her hands kneading her breasts and pulling on her nipples. He pulled his fingers out of her and grabbed her ass cheeks, pushing her against his face as he stuck his tongue back into her.

She cried out as the orgasm hit; her hips gyrating against his face, her hands running through his hair as her juices gushed over her face. He felt her knees buckle as wave after wave of pleasure hit her. Finally she collapsed down on top of him and cuddled against him, her breathing like the purrs of a cat as she kissed his damp face and nuzzled her breasts against him. She quickly unbuttoned his shirt, kissing his chest and gently biting his nipples as she undressed him. Pulling down his pants she freed his stiff cock, throbbing as it stood erect; she quickly pulled his pants off and leaned over him, her breasts brushing against his erection, causing him to tremble.

With a ravenous look she fixed her eyes on his, and dropped down to his crotch, keeping her eyes on his she took him into her mouth. He moaned loudly as her lips stretched over the head of his cock, her tongue sliding and swirling over his skin. She smiled, kissed the glistening head and started to lick the shaft up and down, squeezing his balls gently with her hand. Another moan escaped him as she dropped her tongue lower, licking down and teasing his asshole with her tongue; her hand closing around his shaft and stroking up and down. He started to rock his hips up a bit in rhythm with her strokes.

Her tongue moved back up, swirling over his balls and back up to the shaft of his cock, she licked back up the shaft and took his head back into her mouth, as he reached down and ran his fingers through her hair moaning. His head throbbed in her mouth as she sucked him deeper, her lips moving down the shaft as she grasped the base and squeezed it. He moaned louder as he felt his head slip into her throat; stifling a gag she took him deeper, slowly bobbing her head up and down, swallowing more of him with each pass.

He could feel himself getting close to cumming; sensing this, Tina slowly lifted her head, and gently kissed the head of his cock. With a smile she squeezed the base of his shaft, as she climbed up over him, kissing his chest and gently sucking his nipples into her mouth. He groaned as she straddled him, her breasts pressed against his chest, as she kissed his neck and finally got to his lips. She kissed him on the lips before kneeling up between his legs.

"I've been dying to feel this," she whispered as she slowly lowered herself onto his stiff cock. With a cry she slipped his cock inside her, slowly rocking him into her pussy deeper and deeper with each stroke. She cried out as he arched his hips up, driving deep inside her. She raked her fingernails across his chest as he held her hips and thrusted up into her, her large breasts bouncing with each thrust. She leaned down and brushed her stiff nipples against his face as she matched his thrusts, taking him in as deep as he could go.

She arched her hips back as she came again, with a loud cry, her eyes closed and hips shaking. Dave felt her pussy clench around his cock, driving him closer to cumming as well. He rocked his hips up into her as she cried out again,. He reached up and grabbed her tits, squeezing her nipples as she came a second time, grinding her clit down into him. This time the clenching was too much and he could feel the cum rise within him.

He groaned loudly as his cock began to spasm, shooting a warm load of cum up and into her. Tina cried out again, a third orgasm hitting her as he shot another load, then a third; his warm cum now seeping from her pussy onto his waist. Finally she collapsed on top of him, and they kissed again and lay quietly on the floor, bodies intertwined.

A short while later they finally got up, and Dave led her to the bedroom. Dave slowly drifted to sleep. As Tina nuzzled against him sleeping, he felt peaceful and satisfied.

He awoke the next morning early, and slipped into the bathroom as Tina still slept. He was lathered up in the shower when he noticed a shadow approaching; Tina slid the door open with a smile.

"Mind if I join you?" she said, stepping in, and leaning up to kiss him. Their tongues danced as she pressed her body against his, the warm water glistening her skin.

"Mmmmmm, don't mind at all," Dave replied, squeezing some shower gel onto his hands and slowly lathering up her back, down to her ass, as she continued to press against him. He felt her hand close around his stiffening cock and start to stroke. Stepping away a bit he lathered up her breasts, she closed her eyes and moaned as he massaged her nipples and slipped a hand down between her legs. Slowly moving her around under the stream of the water, he kissed her neck as the water cascaded over their bodies. Without a word he began to rub her clit, gently pressing his thumb over it as he slipped two fingers inside her. She closed her eyes and moaned quietly, stroking him as he fingered her; until her knees began to tremble and her moans became louder.
