 It's been a long, shitty day. You cant wait to get home an relax. Theres a bottle of wine in the fridge you are looking forward to. Your husband should be home as well. Hes been acting a little strange lately, but theres a growing tingle between your legs that you hope he can satisfy. 

You pull into the driveway and let yourself into the house, dropping your stuff on the table as you come in. Your husband's car is in the drive, but the house is quiet. 

You walk quietly down the hall. As you get to the bedroom door you hear your husband sigh. Then you hear something else, like a stifled whimper. 

You gently push the door open. Your husband is standing there, facing away from you. His muscular ass on display. You hear the noise again and step into the room to look around him. 

There, on her knees in front of him is a blonde woman. She has his cock all the way in her mouth and is deep throating him. 

You must have made or noise or something, but the blonde woman opened her eyes and looked right at you. You notice that shes quite pretty. You are taken by her looks and only realize that you missed something when she stands suddenly. 

She storms over to you and grabs you roughly by the neck, pushing you against the wall. "I asked you a question!" She shouts at you. 

You look wild eyed at her, and to your husband. But hes just watching. You grab her wrists out of instinct. "I didnt hear you," you confess, looking at the floor. 

She squeezes your neck just a little tighter. "I asked who told you that you could watch?" 

"No one," you say softly. 

"What was that?" She stares at you intensely. 

You are lost in her eyes until she adjusts her grip on your neck. "No one," you say slightly louder. 

"No one." She cocks her head. "And dont you think it's rude to watch people having sex?" 

"Well, yes, I guess," you say. 

"Then why are you?" 

You look over her shoulder. "Hes my husband." 

"But hes not having sex with you, is he?" 

"Well, no..."

"No," she smiles. "Your husband is having sex with me. And that doesnt give you the right to watch whenever you want. So why are you watching? " 

You look back at her and stare, stammering incoherently. "I...welll...uh...I mean..." 

"Do you like to watch it?" 

You look at her silently. 

She steps in close and squeezes your neck again. "I asked if you liked to watch your husband fuck a real woman." 

You look down at the floor and sigh. "Yes" 

The blonde smiles and takes a step back, releasing you from her grip. For some reason this makes you more nervous. "Strip!" She says. 

You start to take your clothes off, keeping your eyes on the floor. 

"Faster," she yells. "I said strip." 

You quickly shed your clothes. She surprises you by suddenly grabbing your hair and dragging you in front of your husband. She forces you to your knees. Unsure where to look, you look at the ground. 

She comes and kneels beside you, rubbing her hand gently over your skin. You are acutely aware of her nails as they rake across your back and your neck, gently. She puts a finger under your chins and lifts your head. 

"Your husband has a nice cock. I'm going to enjoy getting fucked by it." As she says this, his cock twitches, a fact that she doesnt miss. "Oh, did you see that? He wants to fuck me with his cock." 

"Mmmm. God, yes," your husband says. 

"Hes going to fuck me," she whispers in your ear. "And your going to watch him." She grabs the back of your head and pushes you forward. "Suck his cock."

You open your mouth and that familiar cock slides in easily. Although you've sucked his cock many times, this time it feels different. You feel her watching you as you Bob your head up and down. She pushes you as deep as you can take him until you gag. 

She grabs your hair and pulls you off with a laugh. "You're not even a real woman. Real women can deep throat, watch." She opens her mouth and your husbands cock disappears. Shes got all of him in her throat, bobbing and sucking. You hear him moan. 

"Hes going to fuck me. But first..." she climbs up on the bed and lays on her back. She motions for you to approach with a finger. 

You stand beside bed and she motions your closer. You climb on the bed and she takes your hand. 

"Before he can fuck me, you need to make me wet." You dont move at first, so she pulls your hand to guide you into position. "Lick me." 

You lean forward and stare at her beautiful pussy, but you don't move fast enough. 

She thrusts her hips and wraps her legs around your head, pulling you into her. "I said lick me!" 

You reach your tongue out and lick her click gently. She begins to moan, and you lick faster and harder. She starts bucking her hips and before long you are eating her pussy in earnest. 

"Enough," she says, pushing you off her. "I need cock." Your husband steps up and climbs onto the bed, kneeling between her thighs. "Put him in me" she says, looking at you. 

You reach out and touch your husbands cock. It twitches with excitement under your touch. You rub his head up and down her slit before finally pushing him inside. 

You hear her moan loudly. "Oh, yes. Fuck me with that big cock!" She wraps her legs around your husband and thrusts her hips wildly as he fucks her. 

Your husband bucks his hips wildly and thrusts into her hard and fast. 

"Tell him to cum in me!" She screams at you. "Help him do it, I need it." 

You gently rub your hands over your husband and kiss his chest and neck. You nibble on his ear and whisper to him "cum inside that bitch". 

Your husband means and freezes, you know this look. Based on her look he just shot her full of his cum. He pulls out of her pussy slowly. 

"Clean him off," she tells you. You get on your knees and taste the combination of his cum and her juices. He pops out of your mouth and steps into the bathroom. 

"I heard what you said. You're going to pay for that." She points between her legs. "Clean me up." You hesitate, theres a large drop of your husbands cum leaking from her freshly fucked pussy. "I said clean!" 

You get between her legs and she locks you in place. You start to tongue her pussy, eating all of your husbands cum from her. After several minutes she grabs your head and holds you still while she bucks against you, cumming on your face. 

She sits up with you and pulls you into an embrace, kissing your lips and licking the leftover cum from your face. She whispers in your ear, "I own you both now. Do a good job for me and maybe I'll let you fuck your husband again."