 My main fantasy has always been, for as long as I can remember, to be a slut at the beck and call of a guy; to be used and abused according to his whim. Most of my stories reflect this and I decided to go one step further and actually write a story in which I was a prostitute. Having visited Cuba, for scuba diving purposes, I had seen the ‘Jineteras’ plying their trade in the streets and on the beaches. Most of them were young, slender, beautiful young girls between 18 and 25 and my husband just couldn’t take his eyes off them. It was these memories that gave me the idea to base my story in Cuba. I have also undertaken, for the sake of the story, a body transference. 

I had considered writing with the girl in the third person; but I would not have enjoyed writing it like that as much as I did writing it as ‘me’. However a white skinned, red headed English girl does not conjure up the image of a Cuban prostitute. I have therefore undergone the body transference to become a 19 year old, tall, dark skinned, dark haired mulatto Cuban. I especially enjoyed losing 10 years from my age…..

As I stretched my dark skinned body out on the hot, golden sand beneath me I could feel the cool Caribbean breeze flowing gently over my firm body and welcomed it in the heat of the afternoon sun. My tiny white bikini that barely covered my pussy and nipples, and failed entirely to cover my bum cheeks, was provocative in the extreme and is why I chose to wear it on this particular day. It had been a gift from one of my regular American clients who flew in 4 or 5 times a year, via The Bahamas, to sample a week of sex amongst the many ‘Jineteras’ that were available to tourists in the many nightclubs, streets, bars and beaches of President Castro’s 21st century Cuba.

The trade of the Jineteras, which translated means ‘horse riding’, was on the increase since the Soviets had broken off relationships with Cuba at the collapse of communism there. The people of Cuba had become even poorer than they had been before. I and my family included. However, with our President encouraging us to obtain American dollars and opening shops especially for us to spend them in, my trade was paying off very well and I could now earn enough money in one night to send back home to my family to feed them for a month. All I had to do was give a few blow jobs and get fucked several times in one night and I was ‘rich’ in Cuban standards. I knew that by lying on the hot beach and showing my body to the passing foreign punters I would be in for another money earning afternoon. 

At 19 my body was ripe for plucking and fucking and my long, dark hair that threaded down over my brown shoulders served to highlight the clear mulatto skin on my body. I had the looks that the white tourists so desired and for which they were more than willing to part with their hard earned US dollars. I could easily command $50 for a quick blow job and fuck; many were willing to pay double that to do it without a condom. I never let a guy fuck me without a rubber jacket but I was more than willing to have him unload his cum into my slender mouth and have it slide down my throat into my stomach. Not just for the extra dollars it brought me but because I enjoyed the feel of all that hot sperm erupting into my mouth. If a client could not afford the extra to cum in my mouth, most preferred to pull their throbbing cocks from my cunt, pull the rubber off and have me wank them to completion over my dark skinned body. The sight of the white cum as it spurted over my tanned skin usually drove the punters wild and they would usually cum back for more a day or two later.

As I lay there on the hot sand, contemplating my life, my thoughts travelled briefly back to my childhood in Moron in the Region of Ciego De Avila; some 5 hour’s drive from Havana and the city I had now made my home. I had been born Arelys Yeniset Pulido to my poor Cuban parents who had etched out a meagre living working the sugar mills that were now mostly defunct. I had planned on a career in the tourist industry which was, at that time, beginning to flourish along the sandy coastline on the north of the island. I had concentrated hard on learning my English so as to obtain a job in one of the many hotels then being built an hour’s drive to the north. However, although I had worked briefly as a bar girl I had left home at 18 when my cousin told me he was driving to Havana to look for work. Along with two of his friends I had climbed aboard the 1955 bel-air Chevy Rag-top armed with $100US tucked in my panties; tips I had saved from working as a barmaid in the Spanish owned Cayo Coco Hotel up on the coast. The Canadian tourists had been generous to the ‘dark haired beauty’ when I had laughed and joked with them in English as I poured them their beers and their rums. The more I poured them the bigger the tip.

Two days after my 18th birthday I had spent the night getting fucked by two of them in their room. It was the night I lost my virginity but gained $100US.

I hadn’t gone to their room for money. I had gone there because I liked them, they had made me laugh as they flirted with me, and I had decided, by the end of the evening, that I wanted sex with them. I wanted those two handsome young men to be the ones to deflower me.

It had been a wild, sexy night as first one, then the other, had fucked their stiff cocks into my mouth and pussy before unloading their hot semen over the dark skin of my belly and tits. My almost black nipples, hard and firm, had been sucked and pinched by one of them as the other had opened my cunt with his mouth and licked me until I was screaming at them to fuck me. The drink I had consumed reduced the fear of any pain that I may have received as the first cock plunged into my virgin slit and, to my surprise; the pain was hardly noticeable as that huge cock rammed forcefully into me.

Before he came he had pulled his cock from my wet cunt, removed the condom, and exchanged places with his friend who had been fucking my mouth with his naked cock. His friend’s cock had slid into my cunt a lot easier and the thrill I got from this fuck increased as I had, by then, relaxed my body without the fear of the pain that I thought I would get as I got fucked for the first time.

I had remained in their room all night as the last bus from the hotel to my home had long gone. The following morning I had been awoken by the feel of a stiff cock pressed against my lips and, on opening my eyes, had seen both men stood above me, hard cocks in their hands and both of them rubbing the tips over my lips and face.

Once I was wide awake I had sucked on both cocks, one at a time, while I had rubbed my clitoris hard and fast to achieve my very first orgasm. While I sucked one cock I had wanked the thick shaft of the other as both men stood smiling down at me, their eyes aglaze with the pleasure my mouth and hand was bringing to them. One at a time they had spurted their hot cum into my mouth and that first taste of male seed sent trembles through my body and I knew that I would be sucking many more cocks in the future.

I had showered and dressed and was about to head off for the bar to start my morning shift when one of the Canadians pressed some money into my palm.

“Just a little thank you from both of us babe.” He had muttered.

I remember I had felt a little awkward at taking the money but money was so important to a poor Cuban girl that I just murmured a quick ‘thank you’ and headed from the room. I tucked the money into the pocket in my skirt and it was during that morning shift I decided that a career as a waitress was not for me. If I could get all those dollars just for sucking cock and opening my legs then that was what I was going to do.

I remember the statement that Castro had given out when debating the prostitution issue; ‘Cuban women are not prostitutes because they are poor and need the money.’ He had said in his gruff voice. ‘They are prostitutes because they like to make love. Cuban women are the most educated and the most healthy on the market’

At the time I had thought ‘what a load of bullshit.’

Now I wasn’t so sure it was.

It had been a month later that I had made the long journey to Havana to start my new career.

That had been 9 months ago and now, here I was, lying half naked on a sun drenched beach; the bank account that Fidel had allowed us Cuban’s to open for our American dollars looking fairly healthy and waiting for more to be paid in. My family back in Moron were eating regular meals again without having to touch their ration books in order to survive, and I was living a life that I enjoyed. It wasn’t all a bed of roses but the money and the good times I had fucking the tourists satisfied my high sexual needs as well as keeping me in a fairly good life style. These factors outweighed the odd occasions when I had a ‘bad’ client that turned out to be a little brutal towards me but; I was pretty, my body was good and I was in a position to pick and choose my clients.

As I lay day dreaming beneath the hot Cuban sun, my slender dark skinned body absorbing the rays and creating tiny droplets of perspiration that ran slowly down my stomach to my naval; my mind travelled back to the wonderful experience I had gone through just 3 nights earlier. I had already seen 3 punters during the day; back in the casa I favoured for my illegal exploits; guys that had approached me on the beach or on the Malecon waterfront where the regular punters knew they were sure of finding a girl. They had all been good fucks and two of them had given me orgasms that had sent lovely trembles rippling through the inside of my pussy. The third had been good but he came very quickly over my dark, smooth skinned face and his cum had tasted unusually salty as some of it slid down my throat and into my stomach. After the third punter had left I had made my way to the flat I shared with two other hookers, both hot blooded Cubans who were only slightly older than me. We never ever took punters to the flat as the police had the power to seize the premises where girls were working. 

Most ‘Jineteras’ took their clients to a casa unless they were fortunate enough to get into the guys hotel room. The casas were owned mostly by foreigners who rented each room out on a $25 - $30 per visit basis and it was the punter that paid for the room along with the fee for the girl. The frequent crackdowns on the drug and prostitution areas often saw the casas taken away from the rich owners who then brought another building and turned that into more casas. Mostly the police could be paid off to leave them alone but now and again our President would order a crackdown and he wanted to see results.

The working girls themselves were also warned during these crackdowns and after three warnings for ‘vagrancy’ they could find themselves in jail for up to 8 years.

I had been lucky so far and had never received a warning. Largely due to the fact that I was pretty, had a great body, was a damned good fuck and also had the district police chief as a regular non paying client.

Back at the flat I found myself alone to shower in the old, cracked bath with its cracked and missing tiles and very often cold water. The flat itself was sparse in its décor and furnishings comprising of three beds, all in one room, a table and some very wobbly wooden chairs. The glassless windows overlooked the narrow street with its cracked pavements and dirty buildings that had not seen paint in my life time. The American embargo had taken its toll over the years and it was the Cuban people that suffered far more than the Government that it was intended to hurt.

My plan was to go to the disco in the Hotel Comodoro, when it opened at midnight, to seek out my punters for the night ahead. I had several hours ahead of me before it opened so I decided to get some sleep in anticipation of a long night ahead.

I awoke at 11.00pm and found my room mates were already changed in readiness for the night ahead. My sleep had been so deep I had failed to hear them come home, failed to hear them shower and failed to hear them prepare some food.

I slid from my bed and grabbed the hot coffee that Nicey handed to me with a smile that told me I looked like I needed it. I said thanks as I put the small cup to my lips and sipped at the hot, black liquid inside. Maria, my third flat mate, was just leaving through the old wooden door dressed in knee high boots, short fake leather skirt and a top that hid nothing of her large breasts that were such a turn on for some of the guys looking for a ‘big titted bitch’ to fuck. I said ‘have luck and stay safe baby’ as she smiled and left for the waterside playground.

Nicey continued to dress as we chatted about the day and I ate some of the cold rice and beans that the girls had left for me. By 12.15 I was dressed in a tiny white thong that only just covered my slightly hairy pussy in the front and then slid comfortably into the crack of my bum at the back. The tiny short, white, skirt was decorated with silver motifs down one side whilst the other side was slit almost up to the wide black belt that ran through the thin loops at the top; more for decoration than for support. 

My naked breasts were covered in a matching white tube that hugged them tightly and forced my black nipples to strain at the thin material pressing against them. 

On my feet I had chosen a pair of white sandals that were both comfortable and sexy with the thin thongs wrapping around my ankles. The only jewellery I had put on was a small gold dolphin pendant on a gold chain around my neck. Not expensive but it looked good against my dark mulatto skin.

The imitation gold watch around my left wrist showed me it was time to head off to the disco to find myself a good looking punter. I usually managed to fit in three clients during the early morning hours but very often the first punter would book me for the remainder of the night. It was good when that happened as they usually paid well and it saved me the different trips back and forth to the disco.

The walk to the Hotel Comodoro took about 15 minutes through the old, but vibrant, streets of Havana. I could feel the many male eyes focusing on my slender body and sexy outfit. A large number of them were foreigners who were just there for the girls and I had, on occasions, been approached by a prospective punter as I meandered through the dirty streets, and had taken him to a casa for an hours fucking and cock sucking before continuing on to the hotel.

About 5 minutes away from the disco I met up with another working girl who I had known for a few months and we continued the walk together; bringing each other up to date with our lives since we had last met.

Once at the hotel I headed for the narrow street down the west side to the entrance of the disco. A long queue of young men were waiting to gain entrance but these were mostly local Cubans or tourists that didn’t know that if you had American dollars you could go straight to the front and gain almost immediate access. We headed for the front and stood in a short queue of girls waiting for a punter to take them in. Girls could not get into the disco unaccompanied and a guy would be asked to escort a girl inside. We paid for our own entrance and once inside just left our escort and mingled with the young crowd of dancers.

A tall Frenchman escorted me into the courtyard and across to the disco entrance. His eyes were all over my body as we walked through but, once inside, we parted company without him asking me to go back somewhere with him. He would have a few drinks first, check out the talent available and then, if he wanted a fuck, he would choose a girl that suited his present mood. Most guys didn’t have to do much choosing as the girls would usually approach the guy they fancied getting fucked by and offer to take them to a casa or maybe back to the punters hotel.

Maria, the girl I had joined up with on the way, grabbed a couple of soft drinks and we sat at a table to take in the loud, vibrant Cuban music that echoed around the dimly lit disco. The dance floor was packed with young dancers strutting around and showing off their talents. A few were already quite drunk from visits to the many bars around the city; but only the men. Few working girls allowed themselves more than a couple of alcoholic drinks as we needed to keep our senses well tuned at all times.

For the first 15 minutes I just sat back and took in the twisting and turning of the dancers and savouring the music that vibrated around the room. My eyes were seeking out possible clients all the time and, as I said before, I knew I could be choosy as most of the guys would willingly pay $50 to fuck my dark skinned body. But first they needed to ply themselves with drink and just take in the sight of so many lovely, part naked females.

Maria was asked for a dance and she slid gracefully onto the floor to begin gyrating her hips in a manner that screamed out that she was available for a fuck. She had only been away from the table for 2 minutes when Jim sat down beside me. I had seen him earlier just a few moments after entering the disco and had made a mental note to keep my eye on him with a view to checking out if he was up for a good fuck with a pretty Cuban hooker. I was soon to find out he was; and more than just a quick fuck in a casa. 

He introduced himself the moment he had sat down and I had a feeling that Jim was his real name. Some guys used their real forenames other’s invented one for the evening. The girls usually took on a working name but I had chosen to keep my own forename and never gave out my surname to a punter.

I looked into his sexy eyes, hidden partly by his designer spectacles, as he began to chat nonchalantly about the music and the atmosphere and ‘What was my name?’; the usual small talk to break the ice.

I had noted his tall muscular body earlier and his short light coloured hair suited his features perfectly. I introduced myself, in answer to his question, and he wasted no time in telling me what he was after. I could tell he was an experienced punter and was familiar with the Cuban style of getting a fuck for the night. However this was not going to be an ordinary night. Not for me anyway.

Once he had established that I was available he asked if I wanted a drink and headed for the bar to bring back a beer and a dark rum and coke for me. Once seated again he began to tell me he was from a place in Missouri called Camdenton, that he had flown in 2 days before from the Bahamas along with two friends from his home town. They were there for a week of drinking, beach fun and sex. As he talked I slid my chair back from the table to allow me to stretch my long, mostly naked, legs out in front of me. My skirt had ridden up and the white front of my thong was clearly visible to his roving eyes. He reached his hand down and started to stroke my knee and to tell me I had fantastic legs. A lot of girls would have pulled his hand away explaining there was no touching until the dollars had been handed over. I allowed it to stay there; partly because I felt this guy had the funds to pay a good rate and partly because I enjoyed his touch. I visibly opened my legs a little and his hand slid slowly upwards towards my panty front. I teased him for a short while until his fingers were about to touch my thinly covered pussy before pulling his hand away and telling him, sexily, that the night was young yet and he could go there later if he wished.

It took him another 10 minutes before he started to give me an inkling of what he wanted from me. He started by pointing out his two friends who were propping up the crowded bar and getting their ticket punched regularly as they downed the cool beers served to them.

No cash was handed over in the bar of the Hotel Comodoro disco. Like many clubs it worked with a card that was punched when a drink was purchased and then the card was totalled on departure and payment made then. If you lost the card then a standard $50 fee applied. This made the hotel a large profit every evening as many cards were usually lost during the course of the night.
