 For a college instructor, the crushes almost always happen. Dave couldn't remember a year where at least one female student didn't fall under the spell; and spend the better part of the semester thinking of excuses to come by office hours; to ask questions while trying not to smile or giggle at the slightest bit of eye contact. The ones who got it bad would usually move to the front of the class and nod at every point made in lecture and laugh at the slightest joke. But alas, after the semester ended the spell would gradually wane, and in a year or two the looks of adoration would have changed to a bit of eye contact and a brief smile as they passed by on a campus street.

In his 10 years at the college Dave's reputation as a teacher had grown and his classes were very popular. As the only member of his department under the age of 50, naturally the female students would find him attractive, but he was good looking nonetheless, with his muscular 225 lb. body packed on his 6 foot tall frame. Before she passed away, his wife would call him "cowboy," as he would look right at home out west on a horse on rugged terrain. He typically dressed casually in Blue jeans and t-shirts or sweaters; when he first was hired there were occasional comments about the tightness of his jeans being a plus on his student evaluations. After 10 years, the jeans were a bit looser and his thick hair was sprinkled a bit with gray, but he still could command attention when he stood before his class. And as always, a few girls would fall for him.

He was always aware when it happened, and he would just let it go. He knew of some faculty who encouraged it, and some who routinely turned down the temperature in their office when a female student was going to come by, particularly in the spring, when they wore thin shirts and their nipples would erect with the cool air. He wasn't one of those, however. He would usually be polite, and ignore their playful advances, knowing full well that it would fade soon enough.

As far as he could tell, it usually started with a favor; a couple of extra points on an exam, a little extra time to do an assignment. That's what happened with Julia. 

Julia did make an impression on him from the beginning, however. He was sitting in the gymnasium at his department's table on registration day when she stumbled up, looking every bit like an incoming freshman. She had the standard "welcome" folder in her arms with folded papers poking out every which way, and a slightly worn out "Hi my name is..." orientation sticker on her t-shirt. He did notice from the start that she had a strikingly pretty face and blond wavy hair halfway down her back. Her wrap-around skirt was low on her hips exposing her flat belly and milky white skin. 

"Can I help you?" he asked, glancing up to her.

"Umm, yes, I need to change a biology lab section. Oh shit, sorry!" she said as the folder tumbled out of her hand, scattering papers all over the table and the floor....He stood up to help pick up the papers, and waited for her to pick up the ones that fell on the floor...he smiled as she stood up and took the papers from him. 

She took the papers, and handed him her course slip to sign. Her cheeks were rosy red with embarrassment, probably more for saying "shit" than anything else" he thought to himself.

"I teach Intro Bio, so you will be seeing quite a bit of me this semester, ummm, Julia" he said, as he signed her form, noticing her name from the course sheet. I'm Dr. Marks."

"Ok, great, thanks Dr. Marks" she said absent mindedly, looking around the gym some more; finally she wandered off towards the English department table. He couldn't help but notice the curve of her hips or her round ass as she wandered off....Oh to be 18 again, he thought to himself, with a smile.

Dave hadn't spoken to her again for the first few 2/3rds of the semester. He recognized her as a typical freshman; very quiet and shy sitting towards the back of the auditorium and asking few questions in the lab, just blending into the background; until the day the crush started. That was the day of the exam. 

He took a head count after he handed out the exams, and noticed one student was missing, a glance through all the faces and he knew Julia was not there. About half way through the exam she finally showed up. He heard a quiet knock on the classroom door. He saw her in the hallway and went outside the room. Her eyes were red and puffy with tears and her hair was a mess, and she was breathing heavy obviously out of breath..."I'm so sorry Dr. Marks, but my alarm clock didn't go off! I can't believe it...I'm so sorry! Can I start the exam now?" she pleaded. He noticed that her sneakers were untied and her jeans were not properly buttoned. His eyes were drawn to the unbuttoned fly of her crotch...he noticed the pink satin fabric of her panties poking through her jeans....and the outline of her nipples pushing through her tanktop as her breasts rose and fell with her breathing. He hadn't noticed how large and full they were before....he quickly looked away, ashamed.

He glanced at his watch, there were only 20 minutes left in the class time. He looked at her and saw the look of pleading in her eyes. "Can you take the exam after class?" he asked. "You really wouldn't have time to finish it now."

"I have a chemistry exam in 20 minutes," she said, "then classes until 5 PM."

He thought about it some more, desperately trying not to look at the undone fly of her pants, or the rise and fall of her breasts. "Ok, then how about 5 PM at my office?"

"Thanks so much Dr. Marks, She said, with a shy smile; followed by a blush.

"Go and relax for a bit before your next exam" he replied with a grin.

She smiled wider and wandered off.

Dave had an afternoon appointment and got back to his office right at 5 PM. Julie was waiting for him, sitting on the floor studying her notes. She was wearing a pair of stretch lycra shorts and a short t-shirt that didn't cover much past her belly...he could see the outline of a black sports bra under the shirt. He was impressed by the sight of her long smooth legs and her round ass as she stood up. He could see the top of her pink satin panties, and felt a bit of anger at himself for even noticing such a thing.

She smiled as she saw him approach..."I came straight from my aerobics class," she said, blushing. "I really appreciate you doing this for me, I'm such an idiot sometimes" she said, looking down. 

"It's no problem, really. And you are certainly not an idiot, we all forget to set the alarm clock now and then," Dave replied, unlocking his door to the office. He flicked on a light and motioned her in. She took a seat at his desk as he opened a file and took out an exam.

He gave her the exam. They sat quietly as she took it. It struck him again how pretty she was, as he glanced at her, her brow furrowed as she pondered the questions on the exam. When she was done, she walked to his desk and handed it in, with a smile.

Looking over his shoulder, she pointed to a picture of a woman at his desk. "Is that your wife?" She asked, trying to hide a sound of disappointment in her voice.

"It was," he replied, as he placed her exam in his briefcase. "She passed away a couple of years ago."

"Oh my, I'm sorry," she replied, blushing a deep red.

"It's alright, life goes on" he replied, with a smile. She smiled back at him as he stood up and grabbed his coat.

"Let me give you a ride back to your dorm. It's getting late and the bus doesn't get back here for a few hours."

"Oh thank you so much Dr. Marks. Your so wonderful...Ummmm I mean that's so nice of you" she said with a giggle, looking down.

OK, its starting, he thought to himself, the first crush of the semester. As they walked down the hall to the exit he noticed she would glance up at him and quickly look away when he looked down at her. She moved closer to him and her hand would occasionally brush against his arm, he felt a brief tingle when his skin touched hers. He stepped away from her slightly as they walked.

When he pulled up in front of her dorm building, she smiled and thanked him again, then awkwardly she leaned over and hugged him, nuzzling her face against his neck..."You really are wonderful, Dr. Marks" she whispered in his ear. Her warm breath on his neck sent a tingle through his body, and he felt a stirring down below; quickly she pulled away, her eyes down as she got out of the car. Once out she smiled shyly and waved as she ran off to the steps of her building. He sat in the car for a few minutes and noticed he was sweating a bit. The smell of her perfume, sweet and vanilla-like, filled his head. He headed home. On the way, he decided that Julia was probably a bit lonely and homesick, and needed a "knight in shining armor" to help her along. She would quickly settle down as soon as some young stud set his sights on her. 

He wasn't very surprised the next morning when she was waiting by his office as he arrived for work. He wasn't surprised either to see that she was dressed rather formally in a black pants and a blazer, along with makeup and lipstick. She's moving fast, he thought, it usually takes a few weeks before they try and look older and more mature. Well, maybe this crush will burn itself out quick. Her face brightened when she saw him coming down the hall. He couldn't help but smile as she blushed.

"Hi Dr. Marks, I just wanted to thank you again for letting me take the exam early." She paused, looking down at her feet. 

"It really was no problem Julia." She stood in front of him with her head down.

"Is there anything else?" he asked.

"Ummmm, I also wanted to give you my resume, because I noticed you had a job posting looking for an assistant." She held up a flyer from the job postings bulletin board down the hall. "I can really help you, I worked for my Dad in the summers in his office, I can type, file, anything you like." She looked up at him and smiled. 

"Well, the problem Julia is that I need a lab assistant, and we usually don't hire freshman, since you really should be concentrating on your studies in your first semester."

"But I'm doing really well in all my classes, and I learn really quickly; and you are the best teacher in this school so you can teach me what I need to know." She looked at him with wide eyes. "Please give me a chance."

Dave finally chuckled. "I'll tell you what, I'll take you on as an office assistant to start, just a few hours a week, and maybe next semester we can get you into some lab work."

"Thank you so much Dr. Marks!" Julia squeaked, stifling a broad grin. But she couldn't keep it in and smiled from ear to ear. "Can I start today? I don't have any afternoon classes."

"Sure, stop back this afternoon." He said, smiling too now. "I'll need some help cleaning up and filing some things around here."

Later that afternoon, she returned, and he set her to work sorting some papers on his desk. He cleared off a table in his office for her to work at. That sweet vanilla smell of her perfume filled his nose again as he stood over her and explained what he wanted done.

She removed her blazer as he glanced over, revealing a white sleeveless top that left her belly bare again. Her large breasts, (funny, I never noticed those before yesterday, he thought) seemed to quiver under the top as she moved. He suspected that she wasn't wearing a bra when he caught himself and looked away. Jesus, he thought, she's just a kid. He set back to what he was working on and tried to ignore her. They worked quietly until she brought something over to him. She leaned over beside him and asked, "Where does this go?" 

He looked over and desperately tried not to look down her blouse, but to no avail. He glanced and saw that what he suspected was true. No bra, just a pair of incredibly firm breasts, with large pink nipples. He forced himself to look away and explained what she needed to know. 

More silence followed and he soon immersed himself in grading his papers as Julia continued to file. After about an hour he felt a hand squeeze his shoulder. He glanced up and she was smiling at him. Her blazer was back on (was that a pang of disappointment he was feeling, he thought to himself?).

"I'm all finished....anything else you need done?" she asked smiling.

"No, I guess that's it for today; thanks for all your help, Julia," he replied.

"Ummmm," she paused looking down at her feet again. "If you are hungry...I mean, if you'd like, maybe we can go get something to eat for dinner or something, " she shyly mumbled, twirling a few strands of her blond hair with her fingers..

Dave smiled again (boy this one is really hooked, he thought), "That's a nice idea Julia, and you are very sweet to ask, but I have plans for tonight."

She blushed a deep red and continued to look down at her shoes. "Ok, I understand." She said quietly.

Without thinking, he reached out and squeezed her hand. "We'll do it some other time ok?" he said. "Maybe at the end of the semester?."

She brightened up immediately, and a big smile bloomed on her face. "OK," she said, and she hugged him again, like the day before, throwing her arms around his shoulders and nuzzling her face against his neck. "You are so wonderful," she whispered in his ear, and she softly kissed him. He could swear he felt her tongue flick against his skin. He felt that tingle again, and he felt his cock stiffen in his pants. This time it was him who began to blush.

"See you tomorrow Dr. Marks" she said quietly, backing her way to the door. He said nothing as she smiled again and walked out the door of his office.

I guess I need to take care of this right away, Dave thought to himself, as he drove home. But the image of her breasts and the feel of her breath on his neck kept entering his mind. He felt himself getting hard again. Dammit! He said to himself, control yourself! 

He had not been in a steady relationship in the two years since his wife had died. He had not been alone, however. He had several casual relationships; he was after all, a good looking man. As a result of several personal ads, he had many encounters with women who were always impressed by his abilities as a lover, as well as the size and girth of his 9 inch cock. He had discovered there were usually women around that fantasized about well endowed men, and he made sure to mention it in his personal ads. He had avoided any kind of commitment however, preferring the casual scene for now. 

He also occasionally would visit the strip club in the next town where the sight of the massive bulge in his pants and $100 would often get him more than a lap dance in the private rooms. Once or twice, late at night, he would often venture to the seedier side of town and pick up a hooker; he did that more frequently right after Mary had passed away; he had not been down that route in the past several months. When all else failed, he had his stash of porn videos and magazines, and would pleasure himself. And judging by the bulge in his pants, and feeling stirring inside him, he knew he needed something tonight. Especially to get his mind out of the gutter, he thought. So, he turned the car around and headed to the strip club, stopping at an ATM machine for cash. "Bait for the hook," he said to himself with a smile.

The club didn't work too badly. He bought a private dance with Serenity, a tall curvy brunette he knew from past visits who had a nice round ass and huge enhanced breasts. She felt the bulge in his pants grow as she ground her hips against his. 

"Mmmmmmm, you are a big tonite, baby" she whispered in his ear as she pressed against him. 

He pulled five twenties out of his pocket, slipped them to her and whispered "You know what to do when that happens, baby." 

She smiled as she undid her bra, and pressed her tits against his face. He sucked her nipples into his mouth as she squeezed his cock through his pants. Slowly she slid down and kneeled before him. Looking up at him and smiling, she undid the zipper of his pants.

"Oooooooooo, so big tonight lover," she said quietly as she began to stroke him. He was already stiff and his cock was throbbing as she wrapped her hands around the base and pulled up and down. She slowly began licking up and down the shaft; she smiled as his cock quivered when she licked the head. "Not gonna take you long tonight" she whispered. She wrapped her tits around the shaft and moaned quietly as he arched his hips up and down sliding the shaft between her massive breasts. It didn't take long indeed, as he quickly felt the orgasm erupt inside of him and gobs of warm thick cum erupted from his cock and onto her breasts and neck. She took his cock into her hand and squeezed every bit out onto her breasts.

She giggled again as her tongue flicked over his now sensitive head, causing him to flinch each time it touched. She finally stood up, and gave him a peck on the cheek. "You know, one of these days Dave, you need to fuck me with that thing" she said with a smile, tossing him a small towel to clean up. He stood up and wiped the cum off her tits with the towel and he kissed her on the cheek. "No argument from me on that sweetie." He said "we can head back to my place now if you want."

"Can't, I'm on stage in an hour, lover, so I'm afraid I'll have to take a rain check."

"oh, alright, if you must" he said. He took out another twenty and scribbled his address and phone number on it before handing it to her.

"If you feel like getting in touch," he said with a smile.

Serenity grinned as she slipped the twenty into her bra, before pecking him again on the cheek and leaving the small room.

He left the club after a few beers and a couple of public lap dances, as a young blonde hit the stage. For a second he thought of Julia, until he noticed that this girl was thinner. Too close for comfort, he thought to himself. Time to hit the road.

Well, Julia, he thought to himself as he drove home, your mister wonderful professor just blew a load of jism onto the tits of a stripper, how's that for special? He began thinking about the sight of Julia's breasts through her top, and the hint of pink lace of her panties the day before. Dammit, he said to himself. He got home and headed to bed.

He felt better the next morning, and decided that Julia was just a kid and these harmless little displays of affection she was showing were just that, harmless. He would get a hold of himself and stop getting a hard-on every time she flashes a little skin. I can handle it, he said to himself as he drove to campus.

Julia was not outside his office when he got to work. Back to normal, he said to himself, as he sat back at his desk and began to arrange his notes for biology lecture. When he got to the lecture hall, he half expected Julia to be there early, sitting in the front row, but she was not there yet. Maybe she is over it, he thought, who knows, maybe she met a guy her own age last night.

A few minutes before lecture was to start she finally came in. She sat in her usual spot in back, as she normally would, but as his eyes met hers she smiled and waved discreetly to him, followed by a wink. After the lecture she waved again and filed out with the rest of the students.

See, he said to himself, everything is fine.

He was halfway down the hall the next morning when he saw her outside his office .She was wearing a short denim skirt that hugged her hips and went barely halfway down her thighs, and black stockings. Her hair was back in a ponytail, and she was wearing a light blue tank top. He stared a bit at her body since her back was to him. He was impressed by the curve of her ass and her full soft thighs and calves. The thick 3 inch heels she was wearing accented her curves even more. God, she's cute, he thought to himself again. She turned around at the sound of his footsteps and beamed a smile at him. She began walking toward him and from the swaying of her breasts as she approached he deduced once again that a bra wasn't part of her wardrobe. He noticed too that she was wearing glasses. Probably trying for the professional look today again, he thought to himself.
