 Their third day on the cruise was not a good day for the lovers. Dennis and his wife went ashore to look at the souvenir shops and take an inland tour. Arlene and her family went ashore only briefly and returned to the ship. She, her husband and the kids spent much of the day together, playing at the pool and wandering around the ship. 

By dinner, all were back on board and the ship departed again for open water. Dennis and Arlene longed to be together, but knew not everyday would be easy. This day was hard for them. They had planned to be together as much as possible. They knew not every day would afford them the opportunity to be alone like they enjoyed on the first two days out. But they had also planned to have fun with the family and enjoy the cruise for what it was.  

After dinner, the day’s outdoor activity and the motion sickness pills took their toll on Dennis’ wife. By 8:00 she was ready for bed. 

“Honey, I’m beat. I have to go to bed now”, she told him. “Why don’t you go up to the Casino or something. You don’t have to stay cramped up in the room.”

“Alright, I think I saw some nickel slots. $5.00 should go a long way. Sleep tight.” 

He walked up to the upper deck, walked around the outside once, just to take in the fresh air and then went to the casino.  As he was just wandering around, a hand slid around his waist and he heard “Hey Sexy, wanna get lucky?”

He turned and Arlene was there beside him. “How…” was all he could say.  

“The kids are in bed”, she replied, “and hubby said he wants to read and get to bed early. So we have an hour or two.” 

“Let’s go to the Cabaret and talk for awhile.” 

So they walked to the Cabaret and found a table in the dark corner, ordered a drink and talked. Time flew as they recalled their meeting on-line, their cyber-sex stories and fantasies. They complimented each other on the fact they were able to plan a vacation that could bring them and their families to one place and that, so far, they had been together twice and it looked like no one was the wiser. The love that they had expressed for each other so often in their e-mails, proved to be real. They knew that circumstances would not allow them to separate from their spouses, families and careers, so this vacation might be the only time they would be together. For them, it was truly a once in a lifetime vacation.

The band said they were going to play a slow set. He stood and held out his hand, “May I have this dance?”

She got up and they moved a little way from the table. He held her in his arms and they swayed to the smoky beat. She had her arms around his neck and he held her by the waist. He pulled her close to him. Her breasts were pressing against him. He liked the feel of them there. She cupped the back of his head and brought his lips to hers. They kissed and then he moved his head to the side of hers and whispered into her ear “I love you.”

She held him tightly, and he could feel a jerking in her breathing. Pulled back, he saw the tears in her eyes. He brushed off the tears from her cheeks and asked “What’s wrong?”

“They’re not sad tears”, she said, “I never thought we would be together. And I never thought anyone could make me so happy.”

“Would you like to sit down?” he asked.

“No. Let’s keep dancing. Just hold me.”

So they moved together in what was as much a swaying hug as a slow dance. He felt her breasts against him. He remembered the look and feel of them as they made love the day before. His cock began to grow. 

She felt his member stiffening against her. She was pleased that he found her attractive. She worried her tears might have somehow scared him. But now she knew the depth of what she felt for him was being returned to her. 

They continued their swaying, their hugging and kissing, until the set was over. They returned to the table, but before they could sit down he said, “We had better get some rest ourselves.”

“Yes”, she said. “Tomorrow is the last full day out. My husband says when we visit the island tomorrow morning, we should go see it. The kids of course, will be with the activity group.”

“We’ll be going out on that tour as well. I’m sure we can all have fun with the group from the boat. What about the afternoon?”

“I’m sure my husband will want to rest up by the pool. He likes the scenery there.”

“Honey”, he said, looking into her eyes, “he has no idea what he is missing.”

They held each other in their arms and kissed again. Their tongues met and danced back and forth. Then they stepped back and he said “Until tomorrow.”

“Good night, my Lover”, she whispered into his ear.

They separated and went to their respective cabins.

The new day brought them more sunshine and they were already docked when they got up for breakfast.

Immediately after breakfast, several large parties from the boat went sightseeing on shore. There was a lot of walking and riding to see everything. On the final leg, back to the boat, everyone seemed to enjoy the bus seats much more than when they first got on.

Back on board, the ship pulled out and headed to the open sea again. Dennis told his wife, “I’m going to the exercise room and then to the pool. Care to come along?”

There was no surprise as she said she would be taking a nap. She said the sea air and the morning trip had taken all her energy. He changed into his swim trunks and threw on a t-shirt and headed out the door.

Arlene’s husband said he would like to swim and read be the pool. “I’m going to take a shower. Care to join me?” she asked, with a smile.

“You go ahead, besides, it’s too small for two.”

“Fine” she said, “but you be sure and use lots of sunscreen up there. When will you be back? Will I have time for a nap?”

“Sure”, he said quickly, “you shower and relax and take a nap. I’ll stay up there until dinner time, I want you to have a nice rest.”

She knew he would be scoping out the young babes by the pool, but she knew she wouldn’t be sleeping either. “I’m sure I’ll enjoy my time in bed today too” she said.

“I hope you do” he said as he left the cabin. 

She thought there might actually be time enough to take a shower before Dennis’ arrival and she stripped off her morning clothes and put on her bathrobe. She was setting out the hairbrush and blow-dryer when there was a knock on the door. 

She opened the door and Dennis stepped inside, pulled her to him and kissed her.

“I left my cabin, walked up to the pool and then here. I passed your husband as I was leaving the pool area. He looked like a man on a mission”

“He was. He has to check out all the sexy girls around the pool.”

“What about the sexy girl right here?” Dennis asked. 

“She’s too old and heavy for him.”

“She looks fine and sexy to me”, he said as he pulled open her sash and let the robe fall to the floor. 

“You too”, she said. And she lifted the t-shirt over his head and pulled his trunks down. As she got them past his cock, it began to arc up. 

“Looks like someone has a dirty mind”, she said with a smirk. 

“What can we do about that?” he asked as he stepped out of his trunks and pulled her toward him.

They kissed and he grew harder. This was not lost on her and she felt her pussy becoming moist. Her nipples, although pressed to his chest, were becoming hard.

She reached down and wrapped her hand around his member, and pulling him by it, walked to the bad saying, “Right this way. I know how just what you need.”

“I bet you do.” 

She backed on to the bed and he laid beside her. He cupped her left breast with his right hand and kissed her. Their mouths opened and their tongues met and began exploring each other’s mouth. 

He moved his mouth and kissed her lower lip, and then down her chin. He kissed her neck and kissed around to her right ear. He sucked and nibbled her earlobe. He felt her squirming as he did that. He kissed her neck, back to the front and then moved down her chest. He brought his left hand up and cupped her right breast. His right hand had already been playing with her left breast and was pulling on its nipple. 

Now he pushed them both up and to the middle. The nipples were about an inch apart, separated by the bulk of her breasts. He began sucking each of the nipples and then moving to the other nipple. She was moaning softly as he sucked them. She smiled and said “Ooohhhh” when he held her nipple in his teeth and pulled on it. 

“That feel so good.” she said. “I don’t how much longer I can wait. I want you in me.”

He continued his attack on her breasts. He was squeezing them and kissing and sucking her nipples. He let them separate and kissed the valley between them. He moved them up and kissed the tender underside of her breasts. She was in Heaven. 

He kissed her right breast again, and then moved up and laid his chest on it as he sucked her left breast. He moved his torso a bit and rolled her breast under him while he sucked on her left nipple. He slid his hand down her left side and rubbed the outside of her thigh, and brought his hand around to the inside and started rubbing up toward her crotch. 

She moved her legs apart, and allowed him full access to her. As his hand came up he could feel the moisture already on her hair and lips. He pressed his palm onto her hot mound. She moved her hips back and forth. 

He inserted a finger into her. She let out a sigh. He moved his finger in and out of her wet slit and then began kissing his way down, from her breast to her abdomen, to her crotch. He moved himself over her right leg to position himself squarely in front of her pussy. He knelt for a moment, to take in the view in front of him. She was lying there, her long dark hair spread out on the pillow. Her eyes were closed and she was smiling. Her breathing was in short quick breaths. Her chest, with her large soft breasts, moving up and down. His eyes moved down her abdomen to her triangle of long dark curly hair. He watched as his index finger moved in and out of her. He could see the juices on his finger. As he watched, on the next out-stroke, he added his middle finger and both slipped into her hot pussy. She moaned again and her hips were moving, trying to meet his fingers as they moved in her. 

The sight before him was so sensual, he was afraid he would cum without even touching his dick. This woman was sexy and horny and he could do anything at this point. 

He couldn’t stay looking any longer, he needed to taste this woman. He continued his stroking the inside of her pussy with his fingers and leaned down and placed his lips on the top of her slit. His aim was good and as he stuck his tongue out, it hit her clit. She moaned loudly and experienced her first orgasm of the day. 

He didn’t stop and continued his stroking and began licking and sucking her clit. Her orgasms were coming with increasing frequency. He added a third finger and then his fourth inside her. He pushed them in hard and held them there and began sucking her clit for all he was worth. He felt her pushing against his hand, hard, and then felt her juices flowing around his hand. He slowly removed his hand from her and went back to the kneeing position. He loved looking at a woman who had been satisfied. The view was always more pleasurable when he knew he had caused her satisfaction. 

He was licking her juices off his fingers when she opened her eyes. She smiled at him and held up her arms. He moved up and pressed his body on hers as the kissed. She could taste her own juices on his lips and tongue. Her longing for him had not lessened and she whispered “I want you inside me……. NOW.”

He moved his pelvis and the head of his dick was at her lips. With a single thrust he was inside her, right up to his balls.

They help this position, neither wanting this moment to pass too quickly. He could feel the inside of her pussy surrounding and caressing his cock. She felt a fullness within her pussy. He kissed her and she held his head down onto hers. His pelvis moved and he began stroking the inside of her pussy with his dick. Her tongue darted into his mouth. He reached beside her and slid his hands under her shoulders. He pulled his arms under her and they held each other tightly as their pelvises continued pounding each other with increasing fury. He was kissing her face, all over. 

They continued their kissing as he moved his dick in and out of her like a piston. She was grunting and moving her pelvis to meet his every stroke. He felt the end coming to him and bringing his arms out from behind her, he reached up and grabbed her breasts and began squeezing them. He pinched and rolled her nipple between his thumb and forefinger. Her head was going from side to side as he pressed on her breasts and moved his dick into her as far as he could. He held it there and felt the release from his balls as his sperm pumped out of him. The pressure on her breasts moved to her pussy where she felt him tensing inside her and she was overcome by an orgasm like she had never felt before. 

He relaxed his body and eased up his grip on her breasts. He moved his hands to her sides and propped himself up with his stiff arms. He looked down at her. He felt the sweat rolling down the sides of his head. He saw the glistening of her forehead. 


“I love you”, he said as he lowered his face to hers in a gentle loving kiss.

He moved to her side and they rolled to face each other. He moved her hair back behind her ear. They kissed again and again. 

They paused for a few minutes, enjoying the closeness and afterglow of their lovemaking. She stirred first, kissing his shoulder. Then she moved to his left nipple and kissed it. He rubbed her head as she did this. She began kissing more of his chest and then she moved down his stomach and her left hand held his manhood. She moved to it and put her mouth around it. She could again taste her own juices as well as his. He sighed as she began sucking on him. 

He was surprised and happy when, as she continued to suck him, his cock came back to life. Her lips were soft and her mouth talented. Soon she was sucking down the full length of his now erect dick. 

He grasp her head, gently as first, stroking her hair. Then, as her bobbing up and down on him was reaching its desired effect, he held her head a little tighter and began fucking her face. She was enjoying the moment, as she loved giving head to a man.


She knew he was rock hard and ready for what she wanted next. She pushed off him with her arms. 

“What the heck?” he protested.

“There’s something more I want you to do”, she whispered, and smiled. 

She then moved back to the center of the bed and got on all fours. 

“Enter me from behind”, she said. 

He didn’t need a second invitation. He was up on his knees and in one smooth movement he was behind her. She was moist and ready for him. He moved the head of his dick to her pussy and began moving it up and down her slit. He found her to be quite moist, as his rubbing was to tease her, he found the head slipping in and out of her lips. She leaned slightly forward and he moved with her. When she felt the head at her opening, she moved her hips back and engulfed his head. He was through teasing when he felt the moist confines of her pussy. He moved slightly back and pushed himself further into her. Together, on the next stroke, she moved slightly forward, he moved slightly back, and they then moved together, she taking him to the hilt. He felt her butt on the sides and top of his dick and he felt his balls slapping against her pubic hairs. He held it there as she pushed hard against him. He rubbed her thighs with his hands and then squeezed her butt cheeks. He loved the feel of her butt in his hands. She moved back and forth on his shaft, creating her own feelings of pleasure.

When he started to moan, she leaned forward and reaching around with her right hand, grabbed his dick. “What are you doing?” he asked.

“I have a special treat for you, my love.” 

With that, she guided his pole to her anus and positioned him at the entrance. She exhaled and relaxed. “Push slowly”, she said, and his head slipped into her.

He held there, allowing her to adjust to his size, and then moved in a little more. Pulling out slightly and then in, he worked his way into her rectum. He found her tightness there exquisite. The sensation was indescribable to him. This woman had truly given him her all. 

He began moving in and out of here with greater ease. She had curled the pillows under her head and was down on her elbows allowing him to enter her as deeply as possible. She reached around and rubbed her clit and immediately came. She let her hand drop for a moment while she enjoyed the wonderful sensations he was giving her. 

She rubbed herself again and with only a little more effort, she came a second time. 

He could feel a difference in her movements and muscles as she orgasmed. She continued to rub her clit as he rammed her ass again and again. Their pleasure was mounting and they knew they would soon be over the top. He grabbed her pelvic bones and began driving himself harder and faster and deeper into her. Her orgasms were now coming non-stop.

He was driving into her and then he pulled her hips into him and reached up and grabbed her hanging breasts and squeezed them. He felt himself shooting into her rectum. As he grabbed her breasts, she felt the urgency within him and she pushed back to force him as deeply into her as possible. She could feel him squirting into her. Her orgasm was so intense at this point that she momentarily blacked out. She came to and he was still shooting into her. She slowly lowered her hips to the bed and enjoyed his final thrusting into her as her clit rubbed on the bed. Their movements slowed and he came to rest on her back. Stroking her hair and shoulders, he lay on her, still inside her.

Suddenly aware that he had let his weight onto her, he moved and his limp dick came out of her hole, followed by a steam of juices. He moved beside her and onto his back.

She then bent slightly and put her head on his chest. She could hear his heart beating rapidly. He was still breathing hard. She looked at his face and he lifted it up slightly to look in her eyes. He stroked her hair and they remained looking at each other for several minutes. 

Nothing more was said. They knew the ship would be making it back to port tomorrow and they were be returning to their own worlds. They savored the time they were spending together. 

Finally, realizing the lateness of the day, they began to stir. Her real world needed to start soon, by picking up her children. They got up from the bad and held each other tightly. 

“Today, we sealed our love”, he said. “We may go our separate ways and live our separate lives, but today and on this cruise, we know we will always have each other.”

She held him and looked into his eyes. “I love you, Dennis, today, yesterday, tomorrow, always. I know we can’t have each other, but my love and my heart will be yours forever.”

She put on her bathrobe, ready to take a shower. He put on his swim trunks and t-shirt to head for the pool. At the door they kissed again. He left. 

Their correspondence continued as did their love. Two years later, they planned a trip to Las Vegas.