 Brandy had been looking forward to this cruise for months. Her parents gave her the cruise for her birthday, telling her she needed to get away for a while. Two weeks in the warm Caribbean should get her mind off her troubles and the cold weather at home.

She is going with her best friend Jamie. Brandy is 23, and she is what everyone calls "a little cutie." Barely 5 feet tall, about 95 pounds, small breasts and a round firm ass that she loves to show off in tight pants and short miniskirts. Long brown hair and big green eyes complete the package. Jamie is also 23, 5'6" and slender with short blonde hair and blue eyes. She has a firm ass and nicely sized breasts. 

The two of them have been friends since junior high school, or "since before they had boobs" as Jamie puts it. The two girls share everything with each other, including the details of their sex lives with the various boy friends they have had. Jamie hasn't dated anyone since hey fiancée was killed early last year, and Brandy has just dumped her latest boy friend because he was always too busy partying with his friends to see her.

The two of them have looked forward to the cruise, shopping for the tiniest bikinis and sexiest dancing dresses. The cruise is being advertised as a "twenty-something" special, so the girls are each hoping to find someone to at least play with on board. They have brought several bottles of booze with them, and plan on buying more when they land in port.

The big day finally arrived, and they boarded the ship. The steward who showed them to their cabin was very cute, with a tight butt. Walking behind him in the hallway, Jamie pantomimed reaching out and grabbing it, and both girls cracked up. The steward, of course, had no clue why they were laughing so much.

As they were stowing their clothes in the small cabin, Jamie said, "Well, Brandy, what should be our plan for today?"

"I say we get our suits on and head up on deck. I want to get going on my suntan, plus check out the hotties!"

"Sounds like a plan to me..."

They changed into their bikinis. The two of them had seen each other nude lots of times, so there was no modesty between them. Brandy was wearing a tiny string bikini, it looked like three little triangles of white fabric with strings holding them on. A string between Brandy's ass cheeks displayed them completely. Jamie kept her pubic hair trimmed to a small patch, but she was surprised to see that her friend was completely shaved "down there". 

Jamie wolf whistled at Brandy. "God, girl, you are showing it all off. You really must want to find a guy!"

"You know I do... I've been so horny since I broke up with Tim, if I don't get laid on this trip I think I'm gonna die!"

It's been almost a month since Brandy has been with a guy. She and her last boy friend fucked every da, and sometimes more than that. She masturbates regularly, but it just isn't the same. Jamie hasn't been with anyone since her fiancée died, Brandy was pretty sure.

"I know exactly what you mean, girl... It's been wayyyyy too long for me, too, even longer than you, I'm guessing."

"What are we waiting for, then? The guys aren't going to come knocking on our door!"

Jamie's bikini is a little more conservative than Brandy's but not much. Her larger breasts are mostly exposed, but the bottom covers most of her ass. Her hard nipples are visible through the top, and the red color looks sexy against her tan skin. Both Jamie and Brandy have been going to the tanning booth for weeks to get ready for the cruise, the last thing they need is to get "fried" the first day and have to spend the whole time covered up against the sun. Both girls are tan already as they put on cover-ups and headed up to the sun deck.

When they arrived on deck, they found two lounges next to each other. There were cute guys and girls all around them, basking in the warm sun and obviously checking each other out. Brandy stretched out then asked Jamie if she would put some lotion on her back.

"Put it on yourself, do you want all these guys to think we are lesbians or something?" was Jamie's answer. Brandy's face told Jamie that she had said the wrong thing. The two of them had always been very close, but had never done anything beyond kissing one night at a party in high school when they had both been really drunk. The rumors had followed that they were gay, but as they each went through one guy after another, those rumors died down. Brandy often wished they had taken things further, but she thought her best friend had no interest in girls. Brandy had been with several girls, and considered herself actively bisexual.

"I'm sorry, Brandy, you know I didn't mean that..." Jamie said, "Let me oil you up."

"That's my girl..." purred Brandy. She reached back and untied her top so that Jamie could put lotion on her entire bare back. As Jamie's fingers moved across Brandy's soft skin, rubbing the slippery lotion in, Brandy could feel herself getting a little aroused. She loves the feeling of a woman's soft hands on her body.

"Mmmmmmm... that feels nice, Jamie" she cooed. 

Jamie's hands moved down the shorter girl's body, rubbing the lotion into her back, then down her legs, leaving Brandy's tight ass for last. Jamie reached for the lotion and squirted some onto Brandy's crack. Her hands moved all over Brandy's ass cheeks, rubbing in the lotion. Brandy cooed and settled into the lounge, opening her legs a little. Brandy was getting very turned on by how soft Jamie's hands felt on her skin. Brandy could smell her pussy, and knew that she was getting turned on by Jamie's hands. Suddenly, Jamie lay back on her lounge and started rubbing lotion on her chest and stomach and the front of her legs.

"Why did you stop? That felt sooooo nice." Brandy said.

"Well, I was done, and I didn't want you screaming and thrashing all over the place in full view of everyone." Jamie teased. Jamie knew that Brandy tended to get loud when she got turned on, the two of them had been with their boy friends in cars at the same time on many occasions.

"You tease, Jamie! I guess I'm just going to have to get you back later..."

Soon two cute guys came up and started talking to them. The bulges in their swim trunks said they liked the view, especially of Brandy. She was laying on her stomach, her top still untied, arching her back up. The string had disappeared into her ass crack, and her breasts were almost bare. Brandy and Jeff seemed to hit it off, and they decided to go get something to drink.

Brandy looked over and saw that Jamie was dozing on the lounge next to them. She reached over and snapped the top of Jamie's bikini. "Wake up, sleeping beauty... We are going to go have cocktails, do you want to join us?"

"Nahhh, I think I will hang here a while longer then head back to the room and clean up for dinner. But you go, have fun!"

Brandy laughed and said, "I plan to! See you back at the room in a while."

The three of them headed off, Brandy had each guy by one arm. She was very excited, the cruise had just started and here she was barely dressed, walking with two cute guys. The found the bar and ordered frosty margaritas.

Tom soon excused himself, leaving Brandy and Jeff alone. They made samll talk for a while, then Brandy asked "Well, are you going to ask me to your cabin or not?"

Jeff smiled and said, "You don't waste time, do you?"

"Not when I see something I want, I don't!" 

They walked to Jeff's cabin, and when they stepped inside, Brandy slid her arms around Jeff's neck. He picked her up and she wrapped her legs around his waist. They started kissing, and Brandy could feel Jeff's cock getting harder, pressing against her as they kissed.

Jeff walked forward, still carrying Brandy. He leaned forward and set her on her back on the bed. He then started to kiss and lick his way down her chest. Brandy's nipples were poking through her skimpy top, and Jeff sucked on them through her bikini.

Jeff's hands were busy, too. He untied the strings at Brandy's hips, then undid her top. He kissed her exposed breasts, licking and sucking at the nipples. Brandy reached down and was stroking Jeff's hard cock through his swim trunks. It was leaking precum and he had a wet spot on his trunks.

Jeff slid Brandy's bikini bottom to the side and began to tease her pussy with his fingers. When he didn't felt any hair, he looked down from her breasts and whistled.

"Do you like that? I love having myself shaved, it feels SOOOOO good when some one eats my pussy!" cooed Brandy.

Jeff took the hint, and licked his way down Brandy's stomach. When he got between her thighs, he could smell her arousal and see her pussy glistening with her juices.

Jeff stretched his tongue out, then flicked it over Brandy's clit. She moaned and grabbed his hair, pulling his face tight to her wet pussy.

"Okay, stud, lick me, suck my pussy, make me cum all over your face!" ordered Brandy.

Jeff wasted no time, diving in. He spread Brandy's lips with his fingers then stuck his tongue deep inside her. She was moving her hips with Jeff's tongue, letting him fuck her with it.

Jeff was very good, and Brandy was soon thrashing and moaning all over the bed. He made her cum several times before she pushed his head away and said, "No more, baby, gotta rest a minute..."

Jeff licked his way back up Brandy's body, and kissed her. She could taste her own juices on Jeff's lips, and the taste turned her on. She could feel Jeff's hard cock pressed against her thigh. She reached down and wrapped her hand around the shaft, it wasn't terribly long but it was so fat that her hand barely fit all the way around it.

Brandy was squeezing Jeff's cock and stroking the shaft. She opened her legs and put the head right at the entrance to her pussy. "How about it, stud, you think you can fit that big thing inside me?"

"I can try..." Jeff said with a wink.

"Then do it! Fuck me hard, give me that nice fat cock!"

Jeff pressed forward, and the head of his cock slid into Brandy's tight pussy. It felt so hot, so wet, so tight... He moved his hips, slowly working his cock into her. Soon, Jeff was buried to the hilt. He began to slide in and out, fucking the tiny girl. He was slamming his cock in and out, pounding in to her. Her hot little cunt was so tight, Jeff knew he wouldn't last long.

"God, baby, so tight!"

Brandy moaned into his ear, "You like my pussy, stud? I love how you fuck me, give me that big cock you stud. Fuck me like the slut I am, give me your cock, make me cum on your big hard cock..."

Brandy was lost, grinding herself up against Jeff, opening herself wide, letting him pound her tight pussy with his cock. And her words had the desired effect, Jeff was totally turned on by them.

"You love this, don't you, slut? You love my big cock fucking your little slut cunt. Pounding into you, filling your cunt up with my cock..."

Brandy was moaning, "Yesssss... yessss... yesssss... Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!" then Jeff felt her pussy spasm around his cock. That was too much, and he exploded deep inside her. She could feel his cock throbbing, his hot cum shooting up into her. And she loved that feeling...

They rested a minute then Brandy said, "Sorry, stud, but I have to go. I know that Jamie will be wondering where I am. Maybe we can do this again later? as her hand squeezed Jeff's tight ass.

She stood up and put her bikini back on. Her hair was a mess, she was all sweaty, and she smelled like sex. "Just the way I like it..." she thought.

When Brandy got back to the cabin, she could hear the shower running. She took her bikini off and sat on the bed, thinking about how hot Jeff had made her. She was idly teasing her nipple with one hand when she heard soft moans from the bathroom. She couldn't really tell what Jamie was saying, but it sounded like she was having sex. "That brat, bringing someone back here and screwing him in the shower!"

She definitely heard noises of a climax, then the shower stopped, the door opened and Jamie stepped out. She had her hair in a towel but otherwise was nude. Jamie's face was flushed and her nipples were very hard. Brandy was sitting on the bed, with a big smile on her face. 

"Well, well... Looks like someone got laid already!" teased Jamie.

"Two someones, if you ask me. Or was that you making all that noise by yourself in the shower?" Brandy shot back.

Jamie turned bright red, she never imagined that Brandy had heard her.

"It's okay, Jamie. If you would rather masturbate than find a real cock to fuck, that's your right."

"Well, thanks, baby, I appreciate that. I just don't know if I am ready to be with a guy or not."

"So who's Andy? It sounded like you were having a hot time there all by yourself." Brandy smiled.

"Uhhhhh, just a guy I met a long time ago. We kissed and fooled around a little but never went all the way."

"Well, I have to say that Jeff has a VERY nice cock, and he knows how to use it. Joe Bobette says 'check it out'!"

"You are so bad, Brandy... But tell me you didn't fuck him already!"

"Well, only just a little... He ate me so good, made me cum at least three times, I had to let him fuck me!" Brandy smiled at Jamie. "Well, babe, we need to get ready for dinner. Did you leave me any hot water?"

After Brandy was done in the shower, they got dressed and headed out. Jamie was wearing a little black dress that fit her snugly. Her body was well displayed and she had on heels that made her tower over Brandy. The shorter girl was in a gown that looked painted on. Her nipples were visible through the fabric, and anyone who looked could tell that if she had any panties on at all (which she didn't) it could only be a thong. The dress was tight, showing her firm ass and shapely legs.

They had an elegant dinner, but it seemed as if most of their table partners were already coupled up. There was one single guy, Dave, and one single girl, Kris. Dave was tall and obviously muscular, very good looking. Kris was very pretty, long curly brown hair, and what looked to Jamie like a slender body. Brandy and Dave were sitting next to each other, and Kris was seated next to Jamie. In no time at all, Brandy and Dave were talking like best friends. 

They lived close to each other, they knew some of the same people. Dave had deep brown eyes and was obviously built. But he had a soft touch, as his hand was stroking Brandy's thigh as they talked. She did not stop him, his touch had made her wet again...

Jamie asked if they wanted to go dancing, but Brandy barely noticed. She and the other girl from their table stood and said goodbye to the group. Dave and Brandy barely noticed them leaving, they were staring deep into each other's eyes.

Dave asked Brandy if she wanted to take a walk on deck. They exited the dining room and started around the ship. Dave reached out and took Brandy's hand, and she snuggled up close to him as they walked. When they reached the very front of the ship, it was deserted. They stood by the rail and talked for a while, then Brandy shivered as a breeze hit her. Dave put his arms around her and pulled her close, and Brandy rested her head on Dave's muscular chest.

Dave was stroking her cheek, and again his touch was making her wet. When his finger turned her face to his, and he leaned in, Brandy slipped her arm around his neck. They kissed, and soon were kissing passionately. Dave's hands were cupping Brandy's tight ass, and she was grinding herself against his thigh. She reached down and rubbed his hardening cock through his pants.

Brandy went for Dave's zipper, opening it then sliding her hand inside to feel his hot cock. She wrapped her hand around it, then started sliding her hand up and down. Dave's hand was under her dress, fingering her pussy and clit as they kissed.

Brandy broke the kiss and dropped to her knees. She opened Dave's pants completely, and took his now fully-erect cock into her mouth. She began sliding her mouth up and down, licking the head and loving how his precum tasted on her tongue. She wrapped her hand around the base and squeezed in rhythm with the movement of her head, almost jacking him into her mouth. She darted her tongue around the head, flicking it along the slit and all round the head. Dave moaned and his hips started moving, fucking her hot little mouth.

Brandy could feel his cock swelling, and his balls start to tighten. To his credit, Dave warned her that he was about to cum, but Brandy said, "It's okay..." and lowered her moth back to his cock. She was stroking him hard, sucking him, when his cock swelled up and Brandy felt his body stiffen, then he exploded in her mouth. Brandy swallowed him deep, not wanting to lose a drop, then kept sucking.

Dave went a little soft, then Brandy's mouth had him hard again. She looked up at him and smiled, "Ready to fuck me now?"

He reached down for her, then picked her up. Brandy slid her arms around Dave's neck, and he picked her up by the hips. Her dress was up around her waist, and she guided Dave's hard cock into her wet pussy. She slid down onto it, and moaned into Dave's ear, "Oh, God, I need that... Fuck me!"

Brandy wrapped her legs around Dave's waist, and slid up and down on his hard cock. He could feel how wet she was, and her pussy was tight on his cock. She turned her face to hers, and they kissed again. Brandy was grinding her hips into Dave, forcing his cock as deep into her as it would go.

Brandy was moaning as Dave fucked her, feeling his cock deep inside her. She was grinding her clit against him, and she could tell she was ready to cum. She broke the kiss and moaned into his ear, "Come on, you stud, fuck me harder, give me that sweet cock, make me cum on that big beautiful cock..."

Dave thrust harder and harder, then Brandy exploded. She moaned into his ear and bit it so she wouldn't scream. Dave could feel her tight pussy pulsing around his cock, and he exploded again. His hot cum blasted deep inside her, and their juices mixed together, running down Brandy's legs.

They stood like that for a couple minutes, then Brandy lowered herself to the ground. She LOOKED like she had just gotten fucked, her hair was disheveled and her face was all red. Dave zipped his pants up, and said, "God, Brandy, you are a wild thing! I hope we can get together again!"

Brandy said, "You know where to find me, and I hope so, too!"

Then Dave said, "I'm a little tired, I'm going to go back to my cabin. See you in the morning!"

Brandy wasn't ready to go to bed yet, she was energized by the good fuck she had just gotten. She found a restroom and cleaned herself upa little, then went to the disco. She expected to find Jamie there, but she was not.

Brandy found a seat and ordered a drink. In no time, a hot looking guy came up and introduced himself. "Hi, I'm Jim, do you want to dance?"

Brandy said, "Sure, I'd like that." They headed out to the dance floor and talked. Jim was a good dancer, he was "ripped," tall and muscular. Brandy was still wet from fucking Dave, but she could feel herself getting aroused again. The song changed to a slow number, and Jim took her hand.

She melted into Jim, and loved how it felt to be held in his strong arms. She could feel herself getting even more turned on. She thought to herself, "God, Brandy, how many guys are you going to fuck today?" but then her body answered "As many as it takes..."

The song ended and they went back to their seats. Jim sat next to Brandy, and she could smell both his cologne and his male scent. She moved her chair next to his, and their hands met. She took his hand and placed it on her thigh. He stroked it gently, and Brandy felt it sliding under her dress. She put her hand on his thigh, and slid her hand upward.

She gasped when her hand got to Jim's crotch, she could feel what was obviously a very large "package" and it was getting harder all the time. She leaned into Jim's ear and whispered, "I like what I feel, how about you?"
