 (Author's note: based on an idea from my dear friend Kees, with some input from him about the wording in places.)

"Are you really sure there's no other way?" the pretty young woman asked, her eyes wide in disbelief.

"Well, according to the surgeon's referral, the only other way to save the patient's life is a full amputation. Bunch of slackers!" replied Dr. Berger, and with a sudden squeeze of her fist she balled the referral letter and angrily threw it to the corner of the small examination room. "These young wannabes forget about their Hippocratic Oath the moment the last vowel crosses their lips!" she ranted. "I will not use the knife, not even, verily, on sufferers from stone," she proclaimed with an index finger raised in front of her face. "They pledged it all! But as soon as they actually have to do something to cure a patient, the first thing they do is reach for their scalpel!"

She swiveled in her chair to look earnestly into the blue eyes of her assistant in training. "But you, Claudia, you're not like those weak young men, are you? You will, and I quote, '...help the sick, and... abstain from all intentional wrong-doing and harm' won't you, Claudia? Promise me you'll abide by the ancient Oath, and do everything you can to help people overcome sickness and disease!"

With her breast swelling in pride and a confident voice, Claudia, Dr. Berger's young assistant, replied, "Of course, Dr. Berger! That is exactly why I want to become a doctor! To help people! To cure diseases! To make people better and relieve them and their loved ones from suffering! But it's just that... I'm not so sure if this cure you propose will cure whatever tropical disease Mr. Mueller has!"

Mr. Ralf Mueller so far had been quietly following the discussion between the two women but used the silence after Claudia's words to add his own concerns. Sitting up on the papered surface of the examination table, he nervously shifted his weight from one bare ass cheek to the other. He no longer tried to cover the fact that both his pants and underpants had been removed for the examination. The cold in the room had shriveled his penis, which now draped limply over his spotted, splotchy ball sack.

But at this point, he felt he must speak up. "I must agree with your assistant, Dr. Berger," he said. "The book you derived this cure from is ancient and doesn't live up to modern medical standards. On top of that, it was written by an Alchemist! How can you be so sure that my penis can be saved from amputation just by... errhhh... performing fellatio on it? And even if it could work, we can't put the health of your young assistant at risk! What if it's contagious?"

Dr. Berger looked surprised at the half-naked man in front of her over the rim of her reading glasses and, raising her index finger in the air again, spoke to the room in general. "The old Oath is sworn to Apollo, and also to Asclepius, Hygieia, and Panacea, who were founders of all the world's medical science. It's way more ancient than this book that you're impugning. The alchemists, too, were followers of the ancient gods."

She skewered the man with a withering look. "As a successful archaeologist, Mr. Mueller, you of all people should be aware of that!" Addressing them both now, she continued, "But you two wiseacres seem to forget that while this disease may be rare, it's not unique. In my 40 years of doctoring, I've cured over a dozen men of this ailment!" Again focusing a look of contempt on the man, she pronounced, "If, however, you'd rather have yourself castrated, I'll gladly refer you back to the surgeon you just came from!"

Both Mr. Mueller and Claudia looked baffled at the short, troll shaped woman in front of them, their eyes and mouths wide open in disbelief of her confession of fellating over a dozen men. Claudia was the first to regain her composure, and she was about to point out that obviously the doctor's experience made her the best choice to apply the treatment.

But Dr. Berger's wit was quicker. "Don't ask me why I'm not suggesting that I apply the cure, Claudia. Ask Mr. Mueller if he would rather receive daily fellatio from an old overweight, almost retired doctor, or from you, a pretty blonde medical undergraduate, just a few years his minor? Which of us is more likely to inspire maximum semen production and the most expedient release of a copious amount?" The silence that followed was pregnant with tension.

"Also, young woman, you're working with me to gain practical experience, and learn from my knowledge. Is this not so?" Claudia looked abashed, and silently lowered her eyes.

Hearing no reply, she continued. "Now, if you please, I would suggest we get started. The recipe for the cure is clear. The victim's semen contains a strong antidote against the virus, but in order for it to be effective it must be administered orally and remain at body temperature throughout the process. It's known to become ineffective immediately at lower temperatures. From experience, I can tell you that the most secure and efficient way is to give the man fellatio -- a blowjob, in the common parlance, Claudia. You collect his semen in your mouth and then share it with him as if you were performing mouth-to-mouth."

Turning her attention back to the patient, she said, "Mr. Mueller, are you listening, too? When you receive Claudia's kiss of life, you must swallow your semen. But make sure there is a little left for Claudia herself, for just ingesting a few drops will prevent her from catching your malady too."

Mr. Mueller stammered in shock, "You mean... swallowing my... own... cum?

"Yes, Mr. Mueller, that is exactly what I mean! And not just today! You'll need to take the antidote daily for the next fourteen days! So I strongly suggest you drink plenty of water and eat a healthy diet with lots of nuts to facilitate your body's sperm production. Add fruit and juice for good measure to add some flavor for poor Claudia! Now can we please move on with this? We have wasted enough time already, and I have other patients waiting!"

"But Doctor, I cannot possibly come here to your clinic for two weeks in a row! I have my work schedule to maintain, and..."

Dr. Berger interrupted him with a sigh. "Of course, of course. This clinic isn't usually even open on weekends, for that matter. But Claudia, my dedicated Claudia, knows that as part of her training, she must remain on call at all times."

Turning to her trainee, she continued, "Claudia, you'll see to it that Mr. Mueller receives his treatment once a day for all fourteen days, even if you have to meet him somewhere to do it. As he doesn't work on the weekends, you can open the clinic and meet him here for those treatments. On the other days, you can perhaps go to his home, or meet him at a cafe, or on the Metro -- whatever works."

Claudia's pupils looked as big a saucers, as she stammered, "A... a... a... cafe? On... on... on the Metro? In public?"

Dr. Berger looked a little exasperated. "Be discrete of course. You have your decorum to maintain. But giving a blowjob, if done with sufficient enthusiasm only takes a few minutes, and can certainly be done in a variety of locales. I only suggested a cafe or the Metro in case nothing else would work, given both of your schedules on any particular day."

Seeing the young blonde still hesitating, the doctor murmured, "Don't tell me you've never given a blowjob before. Do I have to describe the process to you, step by step?"

Claudia's cheeks and ears turned so crimson that they almost glowed. "No, Doctor. That will not be necessary. I've... I've done it before." She approached the patient, and as she did so, his own cheeks turned scarlet with the onset of a bout of humiliation. His hands fluttered around, as if he was trying to decide whether to cover his penis protectively, or move them farther out of the way.

Claudia was looking at his limp penis, staring at it as if it was a somnolent snake that she feared waking up. She observed how it was resting atop his ball sack, which was covered with that awful, almost hideous rash of angry looking spots. She certainly didn't want to touch those spots with her lips, but she wasn't certain if the procedure allowed her to handle the cock with other than her lips. She got an inspiration to delay the inevitable, at least for a few moments.

"Doctor, should I glove up before handling his... his... genitalia?" she inquired.

Dr. Berger managed to keep exasperation out of her voice as she replied, "No, Claudia. That isn't necessary. Your keratinized stratified squamous epithelium is sufficient protection during the handling." She turned to Mr. Mueller and clarified, "I just told her the skin on her hands would prevent her from contracting your illness as she handles your manhood."

With no other recourse left, Claudia reached out and gingerly lifted his cock up away from his scrotum. Mr. Mueller squirmed. Normally, he'd be delighted whenever a pretty young woman grasped his cock. But in this setting, and with his ball sack looking so detestable, he just felt mortified. He doubted he'd be able to achieve an erection, let alone ejaculate. The fact that Dr. Berger was watching so avidly didn't help at all. For a moment, he thought he saw the Doctor lightly lick her lips, but he'd probably imagined it.

As Claudia leaned her face closer to his lap, Mr. Mueller thought, "She's so close now I can feel her breath every time she exhales. I hope she's not too disgusted." Suddenly, panic ripped through his body, blending with his humiliation. "Oh my god!" he thought. "Is she sniffing it? Oh heavens! I hope I cleansed it thoroughly enough! What if she tells the Doctor that she can't do it because of the stench, or something?"

But apparently he'd cleaned it well enough, because he felt her lips close over the cock's shrunken head. It's just as well that he couldn't see her face, because she'd closed her eyes so tightly that her scrunched up facial expression would clearly be signaling her displeasure. She was almost terrified that the disease would make the taste of even his flesh grossly unappetizing. As she'd lowered her mouth the final couple of inches, she'd begun holding her breath, afraid there might be a rank smell that would make her gag.

After a few moments, Claudia thought, "Actually, his cock tastes pretty much like any of those of my former boyfriends." She began a slight suction on the lifeless tissue, and felt no discernible reaction. About a minute later, she could no longer hold her breath. She inhaled through her nose, and was relieved that his crotch carried only the musky, spicy male scent that seemed normal to her. She was still keeping her eyes tightly shut, but with the taste and scent being rather normal, she decided to open them now.

"Hmmm, at this angle, I can only see his pubic hair, and lower belly," she was pleased to learn. She glanced up and saw the expression of shame he was displaying. "The poor man," she thought. "He's so distraught about this situation that it prevents him from achieving an erection. And that inability makes him even more distraught. It's a vicious cycle." She tried to reassure him with her eyes, nodded encouragingly, and sucked a little more enthusiastically. It might've been her imagination, but his cock may have stirred a tiny bit.

Minutes later, she was sure of it.

The tube of flesh in her mouth began getting hotter. Fresh hot blood was filling it, making it stiffen and rise up. Soon it was standing up proudly, and Claudia, buoyed up by her success, was bobbing her head up and down, holding the base of his shaft in a firm grip. His cock was slippery and gleaming with her slobber. Some rather obscene sounds escaped the few times her head rose up a little too high, and her lips lost the seal of her suction. She was getting so attuned to performing the blowjob that she'd forgotten that Dr. Berger was in the room, until the Doctor gave some instructions at this point.

"Now remember, Claudia, don't follow your natural inclination to swallow when he ejaculates," the doctor reminded her.

This interruption caused both the assistant and the patient to momentarily lose their focus. Claudia felt his cock begin to soften. "Oh no, you don't!" she thought fiercely. She began fluttering her tongue tip at the underside of the cock's crown, and also across the slit at its very tip. Her hand also pumped the base of his shaft, demanding his attention. She was immediately rewarded with his cock swelling even more than before.

The doctor continued her instructions. Claudia was able to listen, and either he'd tuned out the doctor's voice, or he no longer cared, since he was nearing a climax. "You must let the entire load of semen pool in your mouth until his spurts stop. Then keep your lips tightly pressed together as you slide the penis out of your mouth. Quickly rise up and feed at least half of the semen to him, mouth to mouth. Then let most of the rest slowly trickle down your throat, but let a good amount remain on your tongue. Use your semen coated tongue to 'paint' his ball sack with those healing secretions. Make sure you lap semen over all of its surface."

If Claudia had time to think about that last part... using her tongue against that rash-covered sack, she might've protested. However, just at that moment Mr. Mueller uttered a long moan and began shuddering as his cock pumped spurt after spurt of hot cum into her mouth. There was so much that she had to let her cheeks bulge like a foraging chipmunk to contain it all. Finally, he gave a tiny quiver, and sighed. He was done.

Claudia rose up swiftly, and planted her lips firmly against his. Perhaps he'd forgotten this was going to happen, because his eyelids flew up out of sight, and his lips formed an 'O' of surprise. Claudia took advantage of that opening, and collapsed her cheeks to drive a goodly amount of semen from her mouth into his. He was feebly pushing at her, trying to move his head back, but her hands were clamped on his shoulders, pinning his body in place. He made strange sounds as his throat began swallowing reflexively, and his semen was soon nestled inside his stomach. His mouth had a sort of bitter aftertaste, and even though his expression was one of disgust, it was more due to the anticipation of consuming his semen. Mentally, he wasn't sure he'd be able to handle drinking it for two weeks.

When Claudia judged she'd delivered about half the amount in her mouth, she too began swallowing. Luckily, his semen wasn't repugnant at all. In her experience, the taste of semen varied from one man to another, and could even vary in the same man, based on his recent diet. "Thank goodness Mr. Mueller's cum doesn't taste bad," she told herself. "I guess I'll be doing this for two whole weeks."

"You can handle the ball sack safely with your hands, so that you can slather his ejaculate over all its surface," the doctor advised her. "Likewise, the semen on your tongue and in your stomach also protects you during this action, Claudia."

The assistant wanted to do this next task with her eyes closed, rather than look at the rash her tongue would be touching. But, if she did that, she couldn't be sure she was getting the entire surface. Summoning up her courage, she began applying the seminal secretions, using her fingers to stretch out the wrinkles to make certain no area was left untouched. Mr. Mueller's balls were pressed hither and yon as her tongue worked. He hummed with pleasure for a few moments, then remembered the doctor was observing all this, so he fell into silence. But it was a pleasure filled silence as the pretty young woman lapped and lapped and lapped at his scrotum.

"Well done," Dr. Berger complimented Claudia. "Continue this treatment daily for two weeks. The two of you can make arrangements while I see to my next patient." She left the room, not letting either of them see the mysterious smile that was forming on her lips.

Mr. Mueller was feeling post-coital shyness now. As he turned away to pull his clothing back on, he murmured, "I hope that wasn't too awful for you."

Claudia saw the slump of his shoulders, and was uncertain how to reply. "It was fine, Mr. Mueller. Please don't be concerned about it. I'm certain Dr. Berger knows what's best. What time will I see you tomorrow?"

The next day, Claudia found Mr. Mueller standing, waiting in one of the clinic's examination rooms. He was shifting nervously from one foot to the other, shyly looking at the floor. Claudia decided a straightforward, business like approach might be best. "I'm glad to see you made it here for your appointment on time, Mr. Mueller. Let me help you get ready." With deft movements of her hands, she had his belt open, and his pants and underpants down and off. "Let's see how you're doing today."

She leaned over, reached out and lifted his still limp penis with her hand. She noticed two things. The rash on his scrotum looked as bad as the day before, but his penis reacted more quickly to her touch, beginning to take on a minor, but obvious engorgement. "Very good," she said, tinging her voice with approval. "Would you prefer to stand, or sit on the edge of the examination table as I perform the procedure?"

Wordlessly, Mr. Mueller shuffled backward and carefully sat on the corner of the examination table. As if resigned to his fate, he spread his thighs apart and leaned back on his arms. His body language gave a clear 'please get it over with' signal.

Feeling a little challenged, Claudia moved in close, pumped his cock several times, and popped its head into her mouth. Her tongue began flicking over the more sensitive parts of his manhood, and it reacted. Applying suction and letting her lips slide slickly up and down the shaft of his cock, from just behind its head down almost to its base, she heard him sigh with pleasure. When she heard that sound, she felt a gentle tingle at her pussy. She'd momentarily forgotten about his rash, and was focused on her act of fellatio.

Mr. Mueller's pleasure built swiftly, feeling and seeing this beautiful woman 'servicing' him. Soon he gave a warning grunt as he felt his internal switch kick over toward the onset of orgasm. Claudia interpreted that grunt correctly, and prepared herself for the gush. Once again her mouth was flooded with his semen. Careful not to spill any, she rose up and started to feed him.

He wasn't looking forward to accepting the taste of his cum at all, but when Claudia's face approached his, her pursed lips looked so much like she wanted to kiss him that he gladly pressed his lips to hers. As they 'kissed' Claudia's lips opened a little and she compressed her cheeks, forcing semen into his mouth. Her eyes were closed, so she didn't see the look of dislike he displayed. Actually, his mind was battling with the thrill of her lips vs. the odd taste of his semen. The thrill won, and he swallowed the offering as they maintained the kiss.

Claudia saved about half the semen, swallowing most of it and then dropping down to lather his ball sack with goo, applying it with her coated tongue. She was much less worried about the rash today, since she'd suffered no ill effects from yesterday's contact. But then again, she wasn't sure about the possible incubation period of this virus, if it was a virus. For all she knew, its first signs might not show up before the end of Mr. Mueller's full treatment. Involuntarily, she wondered what kind of cure she'd have to undergo if she herself became infected. "At least it can't involve amputation," she thought with a smile. "But it may involve more semen, perhaps lots of it..." To her surprise, the thought of that actually sent a stronger tingle through her loins and she increased her efforts on Mr. Mueller's swollen member.

When she was finished, Mr. Mueller pulled his clothing back on, adjusting it as they made the next appointment. When he'd departed, Claudia subconsciously gave her pussy a soft rub, because the tingling had persisted.
