 It was an old shop in a new part of town. An anachronism, a dim and musty place of knick-knacks and old things. I loved the place, I liked the atmosphere, I loved browsing it's shelves and old artifacts. I also liked teasing and flirting with the owner's wife. Her husband was as old and fusty as the shop it's self; his wife was, well unexpected. For a start she was from the Continent, Dutch, if the accent was anything to go by. He was in his sixties if not seventies, she was much younger, perhaps late forties. No matter, she dressed old style - it fitted better with the tourists the shop 'fleeced'. 

Oh boy did they fleece the tourists! This was a tourist town - the Castle, a part-time seat of the Monarchy was only just up the road and everything about this small town was about parting the Tourists - the "grockles" in local parlance, from their money. Trouble is they were good at it, extracting the money that is, very good. As a local, well from the next town anyway, I had to bargain pretty hard to get the odds and ends that I wanted at a sensible price. It helped to speak in a local accent to be sure, but even then you needed to be quite persuasive. 

I visited the shop for the second time in a matter of a few days, I had spotted a rather nice rose-quartz Buddha and I had come back for it, that and another chance to tease Jo. We had been on first name terms for some months, a fact that left her husband less than pleased. He just called me 'Mr', a term, that in this country, borders on close to being insulting in some eyes. Me I couldn't have cared less. If he only knew I would have put up with a lot more than that, minor insult, to chat up the vivacious Jo. 

That wasn't really her name, more just the opening few syllables, but the rest defeated my tongue, so Jo it had become. She, like everyone else just called me Sven. I called her vivacious, she was but in an older, more comfortable way. Her family had grown up, I think she had a son and a daughter, and had left home. I believe I had seen the daughter in the shop once. There is a joke about inheriting Father's looks and mother's brains - she certainly had her father's looks. If she had her mother's brains she was lucky. Jo was sharp - by that I mean quick. Quick witted, quick in business - she was the boss. But she was clever, the old man thought he was in charge, and she was content to let it be that way. She was also 'comfortable'. She didn't worry about her figure, but neither was she unattractive, just comfortable. Nicely in proportion, not thin, in fact unremarkable.

But enough of the gossip, my purpose had been not so much to buy the Buddha, which I had in mind to do, but rather to see if amongst the other detritus there was a second one. Mind you if I did find it, Jo would know the greater value of the pair and she'd have a damn good go at fleecing me.

So I was enjoying myself, completely oblivious to time, the weather (it had been damp and drizzly, with a little fog or mist off the river when I had come in earlier) and the gathering dark. I was at the back of the shop, well away from the front and to be truthful, part of my mind was still taken up with the sight I had been presented with about half an hour earlier. Jo had been behind a display case when I had asked about an item that was close to my edge. She had leaned over on tip-toe to get a better look and I had been gifted with the most wonderful close up of a chest that stretched to breakfast time. She was wearing a loose blouse and, as I now knew, no bra. Nothing! Zilch! As she leaned forward the most beautiful pair of breasts were there, exposed to my gaze, nipples a little firm from the attention of the blouse, but totally magnificent. 

She had noticed that I simply stopped speaking and was stood with my jaw dropped. I mean, flirting was one thing, but this, well, hells teeth we were both married, my wife was two doors down, talking to her boss, hers was - well, he wasn't here! Jo looked at me and burst out laughing - "You men, you're all the same - a flash of tits and your mind is a blank." I'm afraid all I could do was splutter at the same time as going all colours at the red end of the spectrum. She stayed, toying with my mind for several seconds more and then moved back to a rather more decorous position. I had totally lost the plot and gave up, I have to say rather embarrassed and moved off to the back of the shop. Jo was still giggling some time later. 

Humming to myself, I turned round and ended up, off-balance, in Jo's arms. She had come up behind me and I had failed to hear her while I was far away and still mesmerised by those gorgeous charms. Now I was pressed against them. Panicking I moved backwards, caught my heel on something low down and fell flat on my back clutching at Jo as I did so. Fortunately I failed to make contact with her and just ended up in an untidy heap. Any thoughts of flirting, appearing, suave, debonair or whatever lost in the stars I could see as I hit my head a hell of a whack on some unseen object behind me. Great, really great - here I was hoping to have a little fun and I ended up looking a complete prat - just my luck.

As my head cleared, I became aware of Jo, very concerned, kneeling beside me in the semi-darkness that now pervaded the back end of the shop. "Sven - are you all right?" She said softly.

"Of course I'm all right Jo" - I replied, thinking you dickhead what a cack-handed way to appear, just when you were trying to impress.

I sat up and ended up nose-to-chest with the cause of my downfall. Jo put her arms gently round my head and quietly pulled my head to her breast. "Easy," she said, "you've just banged your head quite hard - don't move for a moment."

Jo I thought, if this place caught fire I would happily end my days with my nose in your cleavage. Out loud, I just sighed a little, my nose about two and a half inches from the nipples that were close to heaven. She continued to hold me to her, even as I moved my head slightly to one side. I felt her nipple stiffen and grow as my cheek rubbed against it. Turning slightly I put my lips against it, through the material of her blouse, and suckled gently. She moaned lightly, and pulled my face tighter to her breast. I put my hand up and cupped it slightly as she shivered gently at my touch. She moved a little as I moved my other hand down across her stomach, softly rubbing a circle as I went. Rising on her knees a little she pushed forward against my hand as, through her skirt, I now rubbed her very centre.

She gave another little sigh and moved one hand from my head down across my front, brushing the crotch of my jeans, now bearing witness to the effect the closeness to her breasts was having to me. "Sven", she said, with a little note of outrage in her voice, that was quickly lost in a groan as I rubbed her breast a little more firmly. She let go my head and moving back a little from me, opened the front of her top and then moved my head back towards her. I licked and teased her nipples, first one then the other and marveled as they grew hard and firm. She gasped in pleasure as I nibbled them gently, so gently. 

I moved now to a kneeling position and kissed her full on the mouth, nibbling her bottom lip as we kissed passionately lost in the moment. I felt her hands back on my jeans, undoing my belt and then the snap and zipper, allowing her hands access to the rigid evidence of my, by now, intense arousal. Now it was my turn to gasp a little as she ran her finger nails down the shaft and across my thigh.

Taking her lead I ran my hand under her skirt and up the front of her thigh. I was totally taken aback to run into, not panties, but a very damp mass of pubic hair covering the open mound at the top of her legs. My fingers slipped inside easily and she moaned more loudly and squirmed as I found her sensitive spots. I slipped my fingers back out and brought them to my lips and sucked that beautiful nectar from them. 

She pushed me gently back onto to the floor, leaned forward and took me in her mouth, swirling her tongue around the head. Realising the sensation was almost more than I could bear she gathered her skirt and, holding it out of the way, hunkered forward either side of my legs. She gently lowered herself into place and I nearly lost everything as her hot lips swallowed me in. She leaned forward and dangled a breast to my lips and I nipped it gently. She contracted on my penis as I did so and I thrust up into her. She met me eagerly and we consummated out lust quickly without finesse both jerking to orgasm, lost in each others passion. She fell forward still holding my shoulders and we breathed deeply, trying to regain control of our respective heartbeats.

First to recover I said "Jo, what if.......". 

She stopped me with a finger to my lips and said "I shut the shop before I came back, That was what I was coming to tell you - That I was closing up." 

I tried to get up and help her off, but she giggled that lovely giggle again and contracted her muscles on me. As she felt me move inside she said, "Oh good - I can never get Frank to manage more than once, - You'll have to come again."

And do you know what my friends - I did, and have done once or twice more since that rainy afternoon.

The End

© Sven the Elder

December 97

Reposted April '11