 When last we left our heroes:

Quite casually Alex stepped from the shower and grabbed a towel, leaving him on his knees under the spray. She was towel drying her hair as she walked out of the bathroom without so much as a glance in his direction.

Jason, on the other hand, did exactly what any guy would do: he quickly started turning knobs to shut of the shower, nearly broke his neck jumping out of the tub and, foregoing the towel altogether, ran down the hall after Alex.

He found her in the bedroom, still toweling her hair dry. Her back was to him as she stood in front of the bed. Jason took a second to admire her form, the sexy shoulders, the crease of her back, and that perfect, heart shaped ass perched atop a pair of legs that went all the way to the proverbial floor. He admired her for a second, but just a second. He had other, more pressing things to attend to right now.

Walking up behind her, he encircled her waist with his hands as he brought his mouth down to the nape of her neck. Alex dropped her towel on the floor and stretch to give him better access. Luxuriating in the feel of his lips on her neck, her arms cam up and around to grasp his head. They held this pose for a moment before Jason began to gently push her onto the bed.

They dropped to the bed as one, Alex removing her hands from Jason’s head to aide in their descent. With him still pressed against her back, she scooted up until she was laying on the bed and he was laying on her. She wiggled her bottom when she felt his tumescence nestle between the cheeks, then began to seriously grind against him.

Jason took the hint and slid himself further down her back. Her legs, which had been directly under his, spread to give him access. Jason positioned the tip of his cock at her opening but didn’t push it in right away. He held it there, trying his best to run the tip up and down her dripping lips as he continued kissing her back, her sides, and the sides of her breasts.

Alex started rotating her hips and tried to push back against him, only succeeding in getting the head inside. She continued rotating her hips, grinding her clit against the bed, and finally succumbed to the frustration.

“Jason, if you don’t do me right now I’m never going to let you do me ever again!!” he hissed through clenched teeth.

She didn’t see the smile break across his face as he slid all the way into her in one long stroke. Holding himself there, nestled in the depths of her pussy, he brought his head next to hers as she turned and gave him a long, deep kiss. Their tongues wrestled for supremacy within each other’s mouths as they kissed fervently, her hips still rotating beneath him as she was pinned on the bed on her stomach.

Breaking the kiss, Jason slowly pulled himself almost all the way out of her and stayed there for half a second. He then slammed his cock back into her almost violently and brought his mouth down to her ear.

“Somehow I just don’t believe that,” he whispered in her ear before giving it a quick nip.

“Whatever. Just shut up and fuck me already,” she hissed back.

Needing no further encouragement, Jason lifted himself up on his hands and started the slow yet forceful thrusting Alex had grown to love so dearly. She was still grinding her clit against the bed with every stroke and he could feel her body tense with the beginnings of another orgasm.

Jason picked up his pace, alternating between quick, shallow thrusts and longer, more forceful ones. He finally settled on a combination of the two: hard, fast, and deep.

This pushed Alex over the edge for the fourth time, and she nearly screamed as the orgasm crashed over her, her hands clutching at the covers and nearly ripping them from the bed, which in turned pushed Jason over the edge as well. With a few more thrusts, he collapsed on top of her, completely spent yet completely happy and completely relaxed.

Finally catching his breath, Jason rolled off of Alex and onto his back beside her. They stayed there for a second, the only sound in the room their quiet panting slowly returning to normal.

With a long sigh Alex stretched her hands over her head and rolled onto her back. Jason looked over at her and saw a big grin and tightly shut eyes. He rolled onto his side, scooted closer to her, and trailed his hand down her stomach, all the while watching her as she basked in the proverbial afterglow.

Just as his fingers settled on top of her clit, he felt her body give a little shudder and jump. Her hands flew to his and pushed him away.

“Uh uh. No.” she said with as much authority as she could muster.

“But ...” came his pleading reply. He really was cute when he begged, especially when he was begging to get her off, but Alex had other things on her mind. She was hungry.

“No. Go get dressed. You’re buying me dinner,” she told him.

“Oh, now I have to buy you dinner?” was his playfully insolent reply.

“Watch it there, Sparky. Keep it up and you just might not get lucky tonight,” she laughed at him as she pulled herself up and off the bed.

“Yeah, right,” he laughingly called after her.

Just over an hour later Jason found himself seated on the couch, absent mindedly flipping through channels. He was dressed in a black suit with a dark blue shirt left open at the collar. Yet again, he was waiting for a woman, his woman, to finish getting ready. Oddly enough, though, this time he didn’t quite seem to mind.

After his second round through the channels, Jason gave a sigh and clicked the TV off just as her heard Alex’s voice from the doorway.

“Ready?”

Jason turned to look at her and felt his breath catch in his throat. There she was, the woman that excited his every sense, in all her glory. She was dressed in his favorite little back dress, a tight fitting number with spaghetti straps and a straight fitted skirt that came to just above her knees. By today’s standards it was positively demur, but somehow it was still undeniably sexy. Her long legs were bare and capped off with the same pair of strappy black sandals that he had found on the floor just a few hours before.

Her long blonde hair was piled high on her head, exposing and highlighting the line of her neck. She had put on just a hint of makeup, relying instead on the rosy glow in her cheeks that came from their previous activities. Finishing it off was a faint hint of perfume and a swipe of bright red lipstick.

Alex smiled at Jason’s reaction and seductively made her way to him. It wasn’t often that she felt anything but desirable around Jason, but tonight she felt especially so.

She walked up to him, still rooted on the couch, and stood next to him. The hand not holding her purse found the back of his head as he stared up at her in awe. There were many things about Jason that made her feel special, and that look was one of them. Looking down at him, caressing the back of his neck, she smiled and held her arms out a bit.

“You like?” she asked.

Jason had to clear his throat before he could answer. Even then all he could sputter out was “Uh, yeah ...”

Jason sat and looked up at her for a second before getting a devilish grin on his face. Looking down, he put his hands on the outsides of her knees and started running them up her legs. As he passed the hem of her skirt, he looked up at her to gauge her response. Seeing no resistance, his hands continued on their quest.

Sliding his hands further up, he pushed the hem of her skirt higher until it was bunched around her waist, exposing a pair of tiny black lace thong panties. His fingers toyed with the side straps as he planted soft kisses just above them. Continuing his kisses, he slowly slid Alex’s panties down.

Just as they cleared her knees and dropped to the floor, Jason one again kissed her clit with one of those open mouthed, tongue probing, soul searching kisses. He heard Alex’s bag drop to the floor just before he felt both her hands come down to his shoulders to steady herself.

Stepping out of her panties, Alex spread her legs to give Jason better access. Sure, she was hungry, starving, in fact, but a few more minutes wasn’t going to kill her. And if it did, well, then, what a way to go.

Just as quickly as the kiss had begun, Jason broke it off and slid her skirt back into place. He reached down and quickly grabbed Alex’s panties. Stuffing them into his outside jacket pocket, he stood and gave her a quick peck on the lips.

“Ready?” he asked.

Now it was her turn to be speechless. Shaking her head clear, she quickly recovered. “Uh, yeah, sure.”

“OK, let’s go.” He said as if nothing had happened.

“Uh, Jase?” she started, “You gonna give me those back?” indicating his jacket pocket.

“Nope. Come on,” he replied, pulling her towards the door. “I have to buy you dinner, remember?”

With a sly grin, she shook her head and gave him another quick peck on the lips. “OK, let’s go.”