 This is a fantasy about a friend who would love for this to happen to him but never has.

*****

My name is Robert but everyone calls me Bob. I'm the prosecutor in a small county. Being a small county I do almost everything when it comes to law enforcement. I'm in my late twenties and single. Six foot tall about 180 lbs., rather average looking, single with no girlfriend.

One day a young girl came into Court on a stealing charge. Her name was Kim and she had just turned twenty one. She appeared before the judge a crying mess. She was dirty and gave off a strong odor that I didn't have to get too close to smell. She told the judge that she had been kicked out by her parents and had no place to go. I suggested that she be held overnight. That way she could get cleaned up and fed. I also told the Judge that we would locate a shelter for her to go to the next day or make some other arrangements so she wouldn't be on the streets.

The next day her blonde hair was washed and the smell was gone. She was actually a cute little thing I thought. She was about five foot tall with what appeared to be big tits hidden under her blue jail suit. With my recommendation she was let out of jail with the condition she be placed on supervision. Her parents had arrived and were going to let her back in the house so she didn't need the shelter we had arranged for her. She made a point of thanking me for the effort to find her a place to stay and giving her a chance to clean up.

A month later she was back in Court and pled guilty. I gave her probation; again she thanked me for giving her a chance and promised me she would not let me down.

Several months later I was at the Wal-Mart picking up some things when I noticed a disturbance by the front entrance. The loss prevention officer, who I knew, had stopped a girl for shoplifting. As I got a little closer I noticed it was the young girl I had put on probation. He said she was stealing food. I walked over to the officer who told me that he had not called the police but was getting ready to.

Kim recognized me through the tears running down her face and called out to me. She told me that she had been kicked out again and pleaded for me not to have her arrested.

I told the loss prevention officer that I would pay for what she took and take care it. He was actually happy to let me handle the problem because he really didn't want to do the paperwork.

Kim was crying telling me that she didn't have anywhere to go. Her Step-dad had a fight with her mom and kicked her out of the house for taking her mother's side of the argument. She was dirty again and had that same odor about her that you didn't have to get that close to smell. I told her that she could come with me and I would get her something to eat.

I made a quick stop at McDonalds to get something to eat and told her that she could shower at my house. I asked her about the bruise she had on her neck under her ear and on her arm. She said it was nothing then confessed that her step-dad had hit her and she couldn't go back there.

Kim quickly ate her hamburger and fries and then my fries too. She was still hungry so I fixed her a sandwich. After she ate I suggested that she shower and I would wash the dirty clothes she had on. Kim just shook her head and followed me to the bathroom. She didn't say much other than she continued to thank me. I told her I didn't have much for her to wear but had some shorts and a T-shirt.

She told me that would be fine and handed her dirty clothes through the door. I took the bra, panties, shorts and shirt she handed to me to my washer and threw them in. I gave them a little extra detergent hoping to kill the smell.

Kim finished her shower and came out wearing my t-shirt and gym shorts. It was a good thing the shorts had a draw string or they would have fallen off her small hips. The t-shirt looked big also except her tits were filling out the chest area nicely.

I told her that I was going to watch a movie and she was welcome to join me. Kim put her head in her hands and started to cry. When I asked her what was wrong she said through the tears that she thought I was taking her to jail and couldn't believe I was being nice to her. I tried to comfort her and tell her she was safe here.

Kim curled up on the couch as we settled in to watch the movie. I sat in a chair to give her space. I noticed within fifteen minutes she was asleep.

When the movie was over I gently nudged her to wake up. She jumped and let out a little yell. I calmed her down telling Kim that the guest bed was ready and she would sleep better there. Kim looked surprised but said nothing as I lead her to the guest bedroom.

I left Kim to check on the laundry. I put the now clean, fresh smelling clothes in the dryer. I got myself ready for bed and quickly fell asleep in my bed.

A nudge on my shoulder got my attention waking me from my sleep. As my eyes adjusted to the night I made out Kim's form sitting on the bed next to me. I asked her if there was anything wrong.

"I'm sorry I woke up scared and alone. Can I lay here with you?" Kim said softly.

I told her that was fine and she climbed into my bed. I knew she was feeling vulnerable and wanted to make her feel safe so I tried to give her some space in the bed getting to the edge of the bed. Kim scooted over to me and whispered, "Can you hold me?"

I reached around her and held her with my chest to her back. She sighed and told me good night. My crotch was tight against her ass and I was afraid I was going to get hard poking her in the ass. I tried to hold very still to keep from getting aroused from holding this girl in my arms. We both drifted off to sleep, or at least I did.

I don't know how long I slept but I was awakened Kim's ass grinding against my now hard cock. I realized that my arms were still wrapped around her but my hands were under Kim's shirt cupping her tits. I started to move them off of her tits when Kim gently held my hands on her tits and moaned "No, keep them here." I couldn't resist the big tits in my hand and started to fondle them. Her ass was pressing harder against my crotch. I thought my cock was going to rip though my boxers.

Kim rolled over and pressed her mouth to mine. Our lips met, and then our tongues swirled together. With her tongue exploring my mouth, I felt Kim's left hand slip under my boxers grabbing my cock. Now it was my turn to moan as she squeezed and stroked my cock.

Kim moved her lips from my mouth to my ear, "I want to taste you." Kim sat up pulling her shirt off throwing it to the floor. She shifted down to my waist and slid my boxers off. Kim grabbed my dick kissing it and licking it. I moaned loudly when she wrapped her lips around shaft sucking on it like it was a straw.

Kim looked up and me and said she had only done this one other time and hoped she was doing it right.

"Oh my God, you are doing great. You keep this up you will end up with a mouth full," I said moaning.

Kim stopped sucking long enough to say, "Yes please, I want it in my mouth."

Kim returned to sucking and stroking me. I wasn't long before she had me close to cumming. "I'm getting close, get ready," I said breathing heavily. "Fuck yes!" I called out as I shot my load into Kim's mouth. Kim took the load and only choked a little before she swallowed my cum.

Kim rolled off me and lay next to me. We were both out of breath as we lay side by side. I leaned over, kissed her on the cheek then whispered in her ear, "That was incredible." Kim just smiled as I began to fondle her tits again. I leaned over and put my lips on her big tits. Kim moaned as I sucked and squeezed her tits. I let my hand creep down to my gym shorts she had on. I slid my hand under the shorts to find her furry little bush. Kim pulled her shorts off and spread her legs inviting my hand to go lower.

Her pussy lips were very damp. Parting them caused Kim to moan, "Oh yes." I plunged two fingers into Kim's pussy while I kept sucking her tits. Her pussy was very wet and inviting. After a minute or two of fingering and sucking her tits I sat up and told her I wanted to taste her.

Kim didn't say a word she just closed her eyes spreading her legs wide for me. I teased her momentarily kissing around her pussy but not on it. She moaned and arched her hips up to me. I gently kissed her pussy lips and ran my tongue down the length of her slit. The taste of the juice that had escaped her pussy was tremendous. She put her hands on my head giving me the hint to get to work.

My tongue slipped between her pussy lips looking for her clitoris. Quickly I found her clit and began to massage it with my tongue. "Please keep going that feels great," Kim grunted. Her juice was covering my face and continuing to flow. I worked her pussy with my lips, tongue and fingers pushing her to the edge.

Kim's hips were bucking as she called out "Oh my God, I'm fucking cumming!" Kim grabbed my head and held it tight to her against her pussy. After a few moments of her shaking she pulled me to her lips. She was out of breath as she kissed me.

I was on top of her, hugging as we kissed and started to move off, figuring we were done. Kim tightened her grip on me. "Please make love to me; I need to feel your love inside me."

When she said "love" it threw me for a moment. She looked at me with loving eyes opening her arms and legs; essentially giving herself to me. It made me want to make love to her not just fuck her.

I moved over on top of her, kissing her passionately. Kim gave an approving moan when her hand slipped between my thighs finding my cock hard and ready. She gently lined my dick up with her pussy lips and let me take it from there. She was wet enough I could have slammed it home but I want to go slow.

I rubbed her pussy lips with the head of my cock till her hips were squirming, begging for my dick to enter her. I moved the head of my dick just inside her opening, slowly moving it in and out, but not inserting it fully. With each stroke I pushed my cock further into Kim's pussy. With my dick fully inserted into Kim's pussy she held me tight. "I can't believe how good you feel inside me."

Slowly my cock was sliding in and out of her pussy while our tongues were exploring each other. Kim's breathing was getting faster and harder. "A little faster, I'm close to cumming again," she gasped.

I picked the pace of grinding my cock into her till she suddenly wrapped her legs around me shaking with her second orgasm. When she caught her breath she relaxed her body and exhaled. "Oh God, that was great."

I started to move off of her thinking we were done again. Kim reached up and held me tight. "You're not done yet. You haven't cum yet and I can feel you're still hard inside me. I love feeling you inside me, please keep making love to me and fill me."

No way I could stop now. I kissed her and started moving my cock again. A few minutes later Kim whispered to me, "Can I be on top?"

"Mmm, that would that would be great." I said thinking her big tits will be where I could get at them. Kim quickly moved on top of me guiding her pussy down onto my cock. I slowly began to move my cock in and out of her pussy again with her moving in unison with me.

Kim's hips rocked up and down on my cock as my hands squeezed her tits. She smiled as she could tell I was enjoying her large breasts.

My breathing was getting heavy as I was getting closer to cumming. Sensing I was getting close, Kim put her lips to my ear whispering, "I love you inside me. Cum in me!"

I grunted and did as she asked, emptying my dick into her pussy. Kim held me tight and plunged her tongue into my mouth. I could feel my cum draining out of her back on to my crotch as my dick shrank inside her. She quickly scurried to the bathroom saying she wanted to clean it up and be right back.

Kim, while still naked, crawled back into bed, curling up in my arms. Kim kissed and said, "I can't wait to wake up in your arms and do this all again." I fell asleep with my body wrapped around Kim's naked body.