 It was early - for me - on a Friday morning. The sun, from its spring perch low in the sky, streamed in the kitchen windows, illuminating every speck of dust dancing in the air. I nursed my first coffee of the morning as I waited for the man from Budget Blinds (their motto: Satisfaction guaranteed!) to install the new window coverings for my office. 

I normally work from home, so it means I get to set my own schedule. As a result, I'd just gotten into the habit of sleeping late, waking late, and generally doing what I pleased, when I pleased. Waking up early for a 9am handyman appointment had been just a step too far. I had overslept and missed my alarm - only to be startled awake by the insistent buzz of my doorbell. 

That's why, at the late, late morning hour of 9.05am, I was sipping a hot mug of coffee, wearing nothing but a flimsy robe thrown over my bra and panties from the night before - I hadn't had time to get properly dressed! I briefly considered getting changed while the handyman - Troy, I think, was the name on his work shirt - got the job done, but I decided to relax and have my coffee first. 

Plus, the view from the kitchen table was worth lingering over. Troy was pretty easy on the eyes - as the sunlight poured in, it glanced off his tousled dirty blonde hair and his tanned skin. He was concentrating fully on the task at hand, which allowed me plenty of opportunity to take in the view of his broad shoulders and strong arms. He was pretty tall too - a definite turn on for me. I idly wondered if his cock would be a big as he was. I've bedded my fair share of tall dudes but it seemed to me that not all tall dudes were hung well. 

Lost in my thoughts, I hadn't noticed that Troy was trying to get my attention. 

"Excuse me, ma'am?"

"Oh! Umm. Sorry, yes?" I stuttered in response. 

"I've dropped one of the screws for this blinds - but I've got them lined up just right - could you help me pick it up?" he asked. 

I went over to help. In the bright morning sun, the errant screw was easy to find - it had just rolled a few feet away. I bent down to pick it up, forgetting I was only wearing a loose robe, and inadvertently giving Troy a good glimpse of my breasts. I'd gone out with my girlfriends last night, and was still in the sexy bra and panties set I'd worn out just in case I managed to get lucky. (I didn't - but that's another story.) 

This set was my favourite - both bra and panties were a delicate lacy black. The bra had a brilliant underwire design that hoisted up my lovelies and created spectacular cleavage, but the cups were thin and unlined. I loved wearing it - I loved how sexy it made me feel, I loved how it made my breasts look, and the best part of all, was that I absolutely adored how the lacy material couldn't hide the pointy tips of my nipples when they got cold or aroused. Which was what was happening now. I could feel them strain against their lacy confines as a cool draught of air slipped through my gaping robe. Oops. 

Ah, the screw. Kneeling on the ground, I reached up to hand the screw to Troy, but it seemed his mind was elsewhere - on my chest. 

"Um. Your screw?" I reminded him. 

"Oh, yes, sorry," he blushed. As he reached over to take it from my outstretched hand, our fingers touched momentarily, and a little frisson of electricity raced up my hand. There was a pause - an unspoken desire hung in the air - and then Troy returned his attentions to the task at hand. 

From my vantage point on the ground, his crotch was now at eye level and I cast a quick glimpse at it. There was an unmistakable bulge in his jeans. Hmmmmm.

Under the pretext of clearing up the office to make room for Troy to work, I began to busy myself while still kneeling on the floor. I tidied up stray paperwork, picked up a few loose pens that had rolled under my desk, straightened up the various boxes and folders lying around my messy home office. 

As I tidied, I could feel the spring sun on my back, warming my up through my flimsy robe. It occured to me that I wasn't leaving very much to the imagination - my robe was made of a pale, pink silk and was fairly sheer in the sunlight. The black outlines of my bra and thong were probably visible, if Troy were to look. 

I cast another surreptitious glance at Troy's jeans - that bulge was still there and it had grown significantly. Ohh myyyy, I thought. My pussy ached a little - I didn't get lucky last night at the club, and while I had masturbated a little before I went to bed last night, my pussy was still craving the sensation of a real penis. For me, there was something about a real, hot and hard cock that even the best dildo couldn't match. 

A plan began to take form. Maybe Troy could be a little more handy than just installing these office blinds, I thought. 

I stood up, ostensibly to take a closer look at the installation process. Standing right by his side, I began to ask about the new blinds. As he put the finishing touches in place, Troy began to explain how the new cordless system worked, demonstrating how to raise and lower the blinds. I tried to listen, but I was distracted no end by the rippling muscles of his forearms - he must work out, I thought. 

"So, um, you can adjust the top rail too?" I asked. "I kinda like the light to come in, but I don't want passerbys to be able to watch me work."

"Oh yes, ma'am. Just press here." Troy reached past me - I wasn't giving him much room - and inadvertently brushed against my right breast as he reached for the little plastic doohickey that controlled the blinds. 

I feigned a little ignorance. "How does that work?" I asked in my best ditzy voice. I leaned in to look up at the top rail of the blinds. With Troy's hand on the adjustment mechanism, and me on my tippy toes straining to peek at the top of the blinds, we were more or less leaning against each other. We were so close I could feel his breath on my neck. Was it my fevered imagination or was his breath coming a little faster?

As I turned towards Troy, I let my robe slip off one shoulder, flashing him a glimpse of my creamy skin and the dark lace of my bra. Oops, I thought again. If he didn't take the bait now, I guess I would leave him alone and let him finish up. After all, there's always Mr Hitachi in the bedroom, waiting. 

But I had him. Troy's eyes were transfixed onto my heaving bosom. His breathing was definitely not as relaxed. And I could feel a hardness pressing into my hip. 

I slipped the robe off my other shoulder, letting it pool around my waist. 

"Troy, is there something you like the look of?" I whispered. He nodded. "Would you like to touch them?" He nodded again, breathing fast. 

I cupped my creamy mounds, pushing them towards him. "Go on," I urged. His hands - shaking a little - reached forward tentatively. One of his thumbs brushed my erect nipple, making me moan. I pulled the thin lace aside, to allow him better contact with my skin. His thumb - calloused from the time spent working his hands - continued to rub the hard little nub of my nipple. Jolts of pleasure flew through my body - I really liked having my breasts played with. And given that I'm a pert 34D, men seem to really like playing with them as well. Such a win-win, most of the time. 

Troy seemed to like it as well. He now had both breasts in his hands, rubbing little delicate circles around my aching nipples, breathing hard. He looked up at me, as if to ask for permission, and then in a urgent swoop, bent down and took one breast into his mouth. He sucked urgently on one nipple, then ran his hot mouth over the other, torturing them each one in turn. "Oh, yessssssss, that's right ..." I moaned. 

His mouth traced a hot path down my belly, his stubble tickling me. When he reached my robe, he yanked the ties loose, letting the fabric pool around my ankles. He paused for a moment, taking in the view of me wantonly leaning against the window sill, naked except for a tiny lace thong. "Don't stop now," I breathed. I curled my hips up to him, beckoning him on. 

He rolled down my thong, trailing kisses down to my hot, hot centre. My lips were already puffy with want, and I could feel how wet I had already become. I spread my legs slightly, and Troy dived in, licking and lapping at my slick opening. His tongue teased my slit with gentle, pointed licks, and then flattened itself against my clit, grinding away at it and sending delicious sparks of pleasure to my very core. He repeated this erotic caress again and again until I was mewing with need. "Ohh, don't stop," I gasped. "I'm so close."

Troy slid a finger, then two, then three into my creamy hole as he continued lapping vigorously at my clit. I could feel my pleasure cresting like a big, blue wave in my mind - I was but a mere surfer on this highway of desire. Troy clamped his lips around my clit now, suckling it hard, teasing it with his teeth. His fingers twisted and curled within me, sending juddering spasms of sensation through my body, and as he twisted and pressed and licked and sucked the bright wave of pleasure in my mind crested and I came, hard, all over his fingers. 

I collapsed to my knees, spent from the ferocity of this orgasm, but still driven by desire. I unbuttoned Troy's jeans, eager to repay the favour. His penis sprang forth - huger than I had thought, thicker than it had looked, its purple head bulging - Troy was circumcised too, what a bonus! 

Now, I love giving head. Especially to circumcised cocks. I love driving men crazy with tender licks up and down their aching pole. So I went to work on Troy. Gripping the base of his magnificent penis - almost as big as a can of coke - I began licking his shaft like the meat lollipop it was. Slurping all the way up, and then a gentle, teasing lick of his bulbous head before starting again from the bottom. Again and again. 

"Just put it in your mouth. Please," Troy groaned. I redoubled my teasing - pausing on each lap to take just the very tip of his head into my hot mouth, delicately licking the precum from his urethral opening, gently teasing the wrinkle of skin where the head and shaft meet, before starting the tantalizing upward journey again. Lick. Lick. Again and again. 

"More," begged Troy. This time, I gave in and took his huge head into my mouth. Because of his girth, I could barely fit the whole head into my mouth, but certainly tried my best. Troy started bucking against my mouth, trying to cram more of his giant cock in there. My lips were stretched as far as they could, slick with spit and precum, I tried to take as much as I could, but couldn't get much more than that fat bulbous head of his. My hand stroked his shaft as I sucked away. I could feel him stiffening in my hand - 

"Wait," I said. "I want you to fuck me before you come." I wanted a proper, deep dicking and I was going to get it. I got on my hands and knees, and spun around, presenting myself to him. Troy needed no further invitation. He grasped my hips, and pressed his huge cock against my opening. I gasped - it was larger than I'd ever fucked. Even though his member was slick with my spit and our combined juices, it was agonizing work, getting him to fit. 

I could feel his head parting my lips, the sensation of my labia stretching to accommodate his girth. Slowly, inch by gradual inch, he pushed his way up my tight passage. My pussy spasmed over and over again under his ceaseless onslaught, as if it were desperately trying to suck his cock further in. "Ohhhhhhhh," I groaned. 

When he finally made it in, he paused to let me adjust to the new sensations. My pussy continued to pulse around his hard cock. As I gently rocked back and forth, I could feel my cream slowly spread around his member, lubricating it. Soon, it was slickly moving back and forth, his head rubbing against my G spot, just the way I liked it. I began moaning loudly. 

"Harder now," I begged. Troy obligingly began thrusting deeper. I could feel his balls slap against my ass, his head bumping against my cervix on every thrust. My orgasm began to build - another swell on the horizon, inexorably rolling towards shore. A wave of pleasure began to build and build. 

Troy was fucking me hard now, grunting with each stroke, gripping my hips tight. I arched my back, pushing back to meet his every thrust. I normally find it difficult to orgasm vaginally without any extra clit stimulation but the way his penis was stretching my labia, filling my cunt, was sending shivers all through my body. The wave was now huge - a storm swell, terrifying and immense. 

My world was reduced to a single minded focus on the sensation building deep inside me - all i cared about was the friction and pleasure of his cock stroking in and out, rubbing against my passage. Again and again. Panting and mewing as I rose to meet his cock as it slammed home. 

The wave crested and in my mind's eye I was spinning, falling, lost in the rush. Somewhere elsewhere, faintly, I could hear Troy roaring as he came as well, jets of cum splashing against my pussy walls, my cunt spasming over and over again, pleasure vibrating through me. 

Exhausted and spent, we lay there on the floor for a brief moment, before we collected ourselves and began to stir. I put my robe back on, ignoring the pile of soggy underwear on the floor. My pussy already ached from the pounding it received - I would be feeling this for a week, I thought. 

"Thank you, er, Troy?" I breathed. "That was very nice. Excuse me while I go clean up,ok?" He nodded. 

I returned from my shower, but he had gone already. All that was left, was a Budget Blinds customer comment card, a return envelope and a handwritten note. "It was nice for me too. Very. If you could say so in writing, that would be even better," it read. And a smiley face. And his phone number.

So, I did. 

Salesperson - good, I wrote. 

Installation - excellent. 

Quality of service - well, that's excellent too. 

Would you recommend us? Most definitely. 

And then the comments: Troy definitely ensured I was 100% satisfied with the installation process. I will be ordering blinds again. Thank you for the wonderful service!