 I opened the door to my apartment and led Jen inside. 

"Do you want something to drink?" I asked as I walked towards the kitchen.

"No thanks," she said in a slight southern accent. Jen was relatively new in town, we met a few weeks ago through a work friend of mine. Jen's friends with his wife, so they set us up on a blind date. The first date wasn't bad, the second one was better, and our third date two days ago was excellent. 

With each passing date, we had gotten more and more intimate. A simple good night kiss from the first date turned into a very sloppy good bye kiss on the third date. Now, here at the end of the fourth date, I had invited her back to my place. The implications behind the invitation were implied. I hope. 

Jen was the first girl I had been out with since my bad break up six months ago. I liked her, and I wanted to do this right. As much as I would like to get laid, it was more important to do it at speed she would be comfortable with. I felt a solid connection with her and I wanted to go further with it.

I came back to the living room and sat down on the couch beside Jen. She had flaming red, shoulder length hair and beautiful green eyes. She was wearing a black tanktop, blue jeans, and black flipflops. The tanktop accentuated the cleavage of her voluptuous and creamy white breasts. We talked for a few minutes about our date, how she had gotten crab legs that had tasted like they were three weeks old, and how my steak was so rare it mooed when I poked it.

"So," Jen said after a prolonged silence. "What do we do with the rest of the right."

"We can always do one of my favorite activities," I said with a smirk. "It involves two people doing some jumping."

"I can guess," she said with a wink.

"Checkers," I replied.

"I guessed wrong."

We both laughed and that was when I made my move, kissing Jen on the lips as she laughed. I put my hand on her jaw as I slipped my tongue into her mouth. We massaged tongues and I pulled away from her. 

"We can always save the checkers for later...," she said, reaching out and kissing me.

Five minutes later, we were both in my bedroom, standing up and kissing. I had stripped down to my boxers while Jen was in a black bra that barely contained her tits, and a pair of boy shorts that were driving me wild. I held both her ass cheeks as I kissed her neck.

I wrapped my arms around Jen's waist and reached in for another kiss. As we both kissed and explored each others mouths, I could feel heat radiating from Jen's panties. It felt so good, just the thought of it was getting me hard. While we continued to kiss, my hands traveled upward to Jen's back and her bra. I unsnapped it with a simple tug to the clasp. Jen broke the kiss and let the top slide off her shoulders and to the floor, exposing her breasts to me. They lived up the height. There was hardly any sagging to them, the small areolae were topped off with pink nipples that were poking upwards like tiny pebbles. I kissed and sucked on Jen's neck while my left hand firmly held her left breast. I stroked her nipple until it was hard.

"Bed," she breathed out. I complied, falling back on to my bed with her. Our hands explored each others bodies, her hands rubbing my shoulders while I played with her marvelous breasts. Jen reached out and took my right hand, guiding it down south. I felt the warmth and wetness from her crotch as I slipped my hand into her underwear. There was a light stubble of pubic hair on my finger tips as I slid a finger inside her. She moaned and broke away from me.

"Wait," she said. "You've got protection, right?"

"Yeah," I said, pulling away and reaching into my nightstand drawer. I pulled a condom out and handed it to Jen. She opened it and with one hand, slid my boxers off to free my hardened cock. "I don't care about foreplay or teasing right now," Jen said, stroking my cock with one hand. "I just need to be fucked,"

She slid the rubber on to my hard cock and stroked it a few times to secure it. She slid upwards and navigated on top of me. Jen leaned down and kissed me as she situated my cock just on the outside of her wet opening. Both Jen and I let out a groan as she slid on top of me, my member impaling her.

Jen began to ride me slowly, guiding my erection in and out of her at a steady pace. I placed my hands on her hip and leaned head back on the pillow to look up at her. Her bright red hair gently swayed to the rhythm she set and her bright green,. I tilted my head back and let a soft moan escape his lips. It felt so good to be inside of her, even with a condom, and I wasn't sure how long I could last. I moved my hands off Jen's hips and cupped her breast, stroking and teasing her nipples with my fingers. She began to pick up speed. As Jen quickened her pace, I added to it by thrusting upwards in rhythm. The extra depth set shockwaves of pleasure through my body. Jen pulled my hand away from her left breast and started to tweak the nipple with her own hand.

"Jen," I murmured. I could feel myself approaching orgasm. My dick start to throb and thicken, a sure sign the end was nigh. I began to buck my hips hard against the back of Jen's thighs. "I'm close."

Jen placed both hands on the headboard of the bed. She used the leverage to thrust down hard on my cock. The power of her thrusts drove me against the headboard. I pushed myself up off the pillow and buried my face into Jen's tits. I held on hard to her hips and placed my mouth on the nipple of her right breast. I nibbled and sucked on it with my tongue. Jen let out a long moan and ran her fingers through my hair. She thrust harder and harder against me. I felt a tingle running through my testicles. I pulled away from Jen's chest and planted my lips on hers. our tongues darted in and out of each others mouths. Jen broke the kiss and locked eyes with me.

"Here I come," she said in a husky voice. I kissed and sucked on Jen's neck as her thrusts reached their climax. 

Jen let out a loud moan and it pushed me over the edge. A wave of pleasure overcame me as I came. My cock twitched, sending out a rope of cum that the condom caught. Just a second later, I felt the walls of Jen's pussy contract around my member. Jen let out a gasp and stopped thrusting, her thighs shook and spasmed against mine. She gabbed the back of my head and shoved her lips against mine, kissing me deeply. More ropes shot out while Jen's insides milked me for all I was worth. 

When I was done, I fell back on the bed and breathed heavily. Jen pulled me out of her and climbed off of me. She fell beside me as I ripped the condom off and tossed it in the trashcan beside my bed. Our bodies were covered in sweat, our faces red and flushed. Jen put her arm on my chest, her head on my shoulder.

"God," she breathed. "I needed that."

"So, I rocked your world?"

"I would'nt go so far as to say that. You were...adequate."

"Adequate? Well, considering what some women have said about me in the past, I'll take that."

We rested for several minutes, snuggling in the afterglow of orgasm. I kissed Jen on the top of her head to get her attention. "Seeing as how it's been awhile for both of us, would another go be out out of the question?"

Jen looked at me with a contemplative look before smirking. "Again," she whispered into my ear. "This time, do better than adequate."

Jen nibbled on my earlobe and kissed my chest. I turned my head and watched as she navigated south, kissing my stomach before she handled my slowly stiffening penis. She gently blew on it before she ran her tongue across the head. Without warning, she placed my cock in her mouth and went to work. I looked down and watched her head bobbing up and down. While inside her mouth, she rolled her tongue around my member and slowly licked the shaft. I placed my hand on the top of Jen's head and guided her pace. She brought one of her hands up to my balls and tickled them. Jen pulled my cock from her mouth and wrapped her voluptuous breasts around it. I slid up and down her breasts with ease. I let out a soft moan as I titty fucked Jen.

"If you make me cum first this time," she calmly said, "I'll let you come anywhere you want."

Knowing a challenge when I heard one, I sat up and leaned over to my nightstand. I pulled a new condom from the drawer and ripped it open. A few seconds later, I had it on my cock and watched Jen. She picked herself up and started to squat over my member when I held out a hand. 

"Let me on top this time."

"Fine."

Jen laid back down on the bed and crawled up to me. We kissed deeply, our tongues probing each others mouths. I broke the kiss, pulling away from Jen as she playfully bit my lip. I positioned myself on top of Jen and spread her legs apart. I teased the opening of her slick pussy with my penis head. Jen moaned and reached down to grab my cock. She eased me into her, slowly filling her all the way up with my cock. She put her legs on my shoulders as I began to thrust against her. I placed my hands on her tits and began to massage them, stroking the nipples as I slid in and out of her.

Jen groaned and her left foot hit me in the back of the head as she slid her legs down and tightly wrapped them around my waist. I grabbed the bed sheet on both sides of Jen's head for leverage, thrusting against the increased resistance she was creating. 

Jen grabbed my left wrist and took my hand, sticking my index finger in her mouth and sucking on it. I looked down and nearly came at what I saw. I was balls deep inside Jen's wet slit while her breasts rocked to my pace. Her beautiful red hair framed her face perfectly and she had a mischievous look on her face while she sucked on my finger.

I picked up the pace, pulling my hand away from Jen's mouth and reaching down to stroke her clit with it. She arched her back and her breast heaved as she gasped. "I'm close, I'm almost there. Don't stop, here I cum!"

Jen squeezed her legs harder and I gave it one final thrust inside her of. She contracted around my cock and her hands grabbed my shoulders as she came. I pulled out to keep from cumming I slid himself up Jen's body and called his shot.

"I'm gonna cum on your tits."

Jen squeezed her breasts together as I rubbed my cock against her tits. I ripped the condom off and tossed it over my shoulder as my twitching cock wedged itself in between the valley Jen's tits had created. I thrust for a few seconds before I let out a long groan. Cum exploded out of my cock and covered her creamy white tits in my milky cum. I pumped my hips in the air and shot another rope, this one striking Jen's neck and chin. Jen took my cock in her hands, working it up and down and milking the extra cum from my cock and on to her tits. When she was done, I fell back and landed by the foot of her bed. I reached over and stroked Jen's legs.

"How was that," I gasped. "Better?"

"Much," Jen replied. She wiped the cum from her neck and licked it from her hand. "That was satisfactory."

"Thank you," he replied.

"I wonder, if you could go for 'excellent'?"

"Again?" I asked, incredulously. "I know it's been a few months since I got some, but I don't know if I can go again."

"Fine," Jen said with a disappointed tone in her voice. "I believe I'll have a shower."

She picked herself off the bed and padded to the bathroom. I watched her going, her hips swaying. I heard the shower kick on and Jen step in. A few moments later, I began to hear Jen's moans from the shower. I knew what she was trying to do. I looked down at my semi-hard erection and saw it was working. Cursing, I picked himself up off the bed and reached back into the nightstand for another condom. I opened the wrapper and followed Jen into the shower. The curtain was open and Jen was soaking wet, her legs slightly parted and a finger inside of her pussy.

"Took you long enough," she said. I took a few moments to put the condom on and then stepped into the shower when I was done. We shared a kiss, the hot water soaking my body. I took Jen by the hips and turned her around to face the wall. I entered her from behind and began to thrust. Jen put her hands against the wall while I reached around and put my right hand on Jen's crotch and stuck a finger inside. I slowly fucked her from behind while I stroked and tweaked her clit. Jen moaned and began to thrust her ass backwards against my cock. 

She looked back at me and smirked. "Make me cum this time and I'll let you cum in my mouth." I leaned forward and kissed her deeply. Jen broke the kiss and leaned forward against the wall, her ass grinding against my cock. Steam was rising off our bodies as the hot water hit it. I picked up the pace, my balls slapping against Jen's ass with a wet slap. Suddenly, Jen moaned and I pulled out just as her body shook with orgasm.

She thrust her ass into the air and groaned, her fingernails scratching across the tile wall in ecstasy.

I grabbed Jen by her hips and began to pull her out of the shower. I wasn't done with her yet. She turned off the shower and headed back to the bedroom. I laid her on her hands and knees on the edge of the bed, her feet hanging off the side. I stood behind her and slid my cock inside of her still recovering pussy. Her insides were still tight from her earlier orgasm, but I soldiered on. I thrust in and out of her in slow and long strokes. I ran my hands up and down Jen's curves while I picked up the pace. I put one hand on the small of her back to support myself. Jen was heating up again, her pussy walls becoming slick with her juices. She started to grind her ass against me. I reached out and took hold of her wet hair, pulling her head back slightly as I fucked her. 

The way she wriggled against my cock, I was so turned on that I contemplated trying to figure out if she would let me cum inside of her, or at least maybe even shooting my load on her back and enjoy the view. But I thought better of it. I picked up speed, my balls flapped against Jen's thighs. She shifted upright as I kept fucking her from behind. With my hands still on her hips, I sucked on Jen's warm neck while she held on to the back of my neck with support.

"Harder," she groaned. I obliged, slipping my cock all the way out of her before I rammed it back inside of her. She shuddered against it. I thrust harder and harder inside of her. I felt the heat from Jen's ass and pussy and knew it was time. I pulled out as she came again, afraid that the feeling of her orgasm would push me over the edge. Jen gripped the bed and thrust her ass into the air, her legs and thighs spasming in erotic joy. I stroked my cock to keep it hard while Jen rolled over and crawled to the edge of the bed. She took my hard cock in her hands and yanked the condom off. She placed the head of my cock in her mouth, running her tongue across the tip. 

Jen sucked on it while her left hand worked up and down my shaft. I closed my eyes and groaned. I put my hand on the top of Jen's head, running my fingers through her damp hair. She deep-throated my cock and took her mouth all the way down, her tongue reached out and licked my balls. Jen pulled my member out of her mouth and ran her hand up and down the shaft while she sucked my balls.

I let out groan as she looked up at me, one of my balls still in her mouth. "Are you ready to cum?" She asked, stoking my cock faster and faster. I nodded and Jen pursed her lips of on the head of my cock, sucking it while she worked her hand up and down the shaft. I put both hands on her head and bucked my hips. I moaned and let go, cum shooting out of my cock and in Jen's mouth. She kept sucking and jerking me until I was dry. She ran her tongue up and down my shaft one final time and I felt his knees almost buckle in delight. Jen pulled my cock out of her mouth and swallowed his load with ease.

"Excellent," she said with a devilish smile.

I fell on to the bed and breathed deeply. I was wet, sweaty, and exhausted. This was the best I felt in years. Jen laid down next to me on the bed and they kissed, I tweaked the nipple of her left breast.

"I suppose asking for some anal would be pushing it?" I asked playfully.

"I'm sorry, what was your name again?" Jen deadpanned. She curled up beside me and placed her hand on his stomach, resting her head on my shoulder. Jen closed her eyes and began to drift to sleep. Her body still had its erotic warmth to it, but she was slowly cooling off. I reached for one of the sheets and covered our bodies with it.

I leaned my head back on the pillow and exhaled slowly. Sleep was approaching, but it was certainly a well earned sleep. All in all, not a bad way to end a date. In my mind, I was already wondering how the next date could top this.