 Here you are in a nightclub, hundreds of people milling around, dancing to the beat, yelling to be heard above the roar, and suddenly everything seems still. In this moment, there are only you and I.

I stand up and cross the room, moving toward you in what must surely be slow motion, but inexplicably, I am instantly in front of you.

"Will you dance with me?" You can read the words on my lips, and even over the noise of the club, my voice clearly sounds in your ears.

You smile, reach out for my hand, and I gently pull you to your feet. 

The dance floor is crowded with moving bodies, and as the music surrounds us, the swell of people pushes us close together. The beat pounds in your ears, or is that the sound of your heart beating? Our hips touch as we move to the beat, and my arm reaches around your waist to pull you close. Even with the crowd growing on the dance floor, it seems like there is no one but us, gliding together, across our own little piece of Heaven. Each song blends into the next, and time has no meaning as we move together. Our bodies fit together perfectly; our rhythm is perfectly matched; and as the music changes to a slow song, and the lights dim, my arms wrap around your waist and pull you close to me. 

You drape your arms over my shoulders, and our eyes are drawn together once again. The world around us slips away as I gaze deeply into your eyes. Closer, closer, our lips move slowly toward each other's. Our eyes close as contact is made and your soft lips press into mine. You feel my tongue slide gently across your bottom lip, and you open your mouth ever so slightly, almost teasing me with the soft movement. Now you open a little more and your tongue moves out to meet mine. A soft dance of their own begins to ensue, and the heat of my breath upon your face sends a shiver down your spine.

My left hand moves to the small of your back, gently gliding over the silk of your blouse, until the fingers rest on that tender spot. Small movements of my fingers trace light circles, teasing you with small shivers, dancing through the area. My right hand glides up, moving to the nape of your neck and slowly running through your hair; the tips of my fingers rasp lightly on the base of your skull, sending a run of shivers down your back to meet with the small of your back.

Suddenly our kiss is becoming more feverish, more passionate. Your hands pull my head toward yours, holding me closer, as you boldly push your tongue past my lips, into my mouth, and over my own tongue. Your breathing is becoming shallow, and as our tongues dance wildly together, you can suddenly feel the heat of the room. The noise of the club is back, crashing around us, and the crowd of people is too much. You break the kiss, and suddenly wish you hadn't. You open your eyes and see me looking closely at you, studying your face.

"You are beautiful." My voice is clear and deep, resonating in your ears and in your mind.

"I have to get out of here. It's too crowded," you say. "Let's leave."

We move off the dance floor and back to your table. 

"No, let's go somewhere else, I mean." You take my hand and pull me toward the exit, where the sudden breath of cool, outside air washes over us both. Your nipples are hard and you are suddenly very conscious of it. They are starting to ache.

"Where to?" I ask. Without the overpowering sounds of the night club, my voice sounds suddenly loud and crisp. You move your lips to my ear and whisper, "Your place."

I look closely at you, and the corners of your mouth pull up in a soft smile. I smile back, and my hand lifts to hail a taxi.

In the cab, once again I pull you close. My hand slides into your hair, drawing your lips to mine. Each kiss is deeper than the last, more passionate, and the thought quickly runs through your mind that this night could go anywhere. Suddenly you pull back, a wary look in your eyes as you study mine closely, but something in them tells you it's all right. You close your eyes and lean back in, taking control of the moment and pushing me back into the seat. Your tongue drives into my mouth for a deep kiss and then you slowly move your lips around to my neck. A small peck on my jaw line becomes a kiss under my ear. You nuzzle that tender spot and move up to take my earlobe between your teeth. A quick nip and you hear me take a sharp, quick breath. Your tongue darts out and into my ear, and you feel my shoulders tighten up under your hands.

"You like that, huh?" you whisper. Your breath in my ear sends shivers down my back and you can feel my spine twist in my body movements. Again you take the lobe in your lips, sucking on it, and then running your tongue around the back of my ear, and the sound of my quickened breathing tells you how much I like it. "Tell me how much you like it," you whisper.

"Oh my God. I love what you're doing to me. Please don't stop." My voice is shaky, and the words barely above a whisper, themselves.

You pull my face toward yours, and as our lips mesh, and our tongues intertwine, you feel my hand move up to cup your breast. Both nipples harden even more, the one seems to want to drive itself through your blouse and into my hand. My fingers run over the hard nubbin, and your back arches, seemingly on its own, as an electrical current seems to run along your nerve endings. My thumb and forefinger grasp the hard nipple, pinching it ever so lightly, and your lungs take in a sharp breath as our kiss breaks. My hand moves away, and a pang of desire charges through you. Then my voice breaks through the sensations, and you hear my words, "We're here."

We step out of the cab and onto the walkway. The house before us is dark except for a porch light. I take your hand and lead you to the front door, where you nibble at the back of my neck as I fumble with the lock. The door swings open and I pull you inside.

Shadows fill the room, but your mind is suddenly focussed on my lips as they press to yours. Our tongues fight for control and your breath is suddenly taken away by the feel of my hand returning to your breast. The nipple starts to tingle under the light pinches of my finger tips. My other hand slides slowly down your back, pausing to rub lightly at the small, sending shivers racing, before continuing down, over the curve of your ass, and cupping the cheek. The tips of my fingers are just touching the spot where your leg joins your ass, lightly gliding back and forth, over the cloth of your skirt. 

As our kiss works into a frenzy, you slide your hands down my chest, and you can feel the hard pebbles of my own nipples. Your hand moves up to the collar of my shirt and you start to pop the buttons undone, one at a time. As you slowly expose my chest, I start to gently push you, guiding you backwards, further into the house and into the dark shadows. My lips move to the side of your face, leaving small kisses, working my way down and along your jaw, finding the little spot under your ear. My tongue flicks out onto the skin, with a light, wet touch. I open my mouth and you feel my teeth scrape softly along the same spot. Again, my tongue flicks out, this time a little lower. Again the teeth, lower still. My tongue . . . my teeth . . . lower and lower, until only the collar of your own blouse prevents me from continuing.

My hand is now rubbing your breast, gentle squeezes alternating between the nipple and the full cup. My fingers move up and the buttons seem to come undone magically. Again, my hand glides up, over your smooth stomach, up to your hot, heaving breast, confined in the lacy bra you chose for tonight. The perfect choice. 

My lips are moving again, alternating between the tongue and teeth, over your collarbone, down the front of your shoulder, to the top of your breast, and back up again, under your chin to the hollow of your throat, where my tongue slowly slides around and around in smaller and smaller circles.

My hand cupping your ass starts to squeeze, seeming to almost lift you, pull you up and into my arms, as my other hand glides around, along your skin, leaving a trail of goose bumps to your back. Nimble fingers quickly undo the clasp on your bra and you drop your arms to your sides, letting the blouse fall. Your hand lifts enough to tug at the bottom of my own shirt, pulling it off as well, while my hand slides up to your shoulder, catching on the strap, and gently pulling your bra down, exposing your hard nipples, and hot breasts. My lips move quickly to one of the hard nubbins, sucking it in, and rubbing my tongue over it. One hand continues to squeeze your ass, rubbing it and pulling you close, while the other hand moves to cup your other tit. Fingers pinch lightly at the nipple, in time with my lips sucking. Your back arches and your hips grind firmly into mine, and you feel my hardness.

"Mmmmm. Is that for me?" you ask in a sultry voice.

 "All of it and more, yours for the taking."

 "Then I want to take it now, here." Your voice is becoming deeper, sexier with the desire you feel. Your hand reaches down and squeezes, feeling the stiffness of my cock. It twitches in your grasp, as if asking to be let out of its confines.

My hand on your ass slides down your leg, under the hem of your skirt, onto your nylons, then back up, under the hem, lifting your skirt up, exposing the garter straps, and the top of your silky thighs.

You push on my chest, stepping back and separating our embrace. Slowly you kneel and undo the button on my jeans, and then slide down the zipper. A firm tug on the pant legs and my briefs are exposed, with my hard cock straining at the material. "Boxers . . . very nice. Silk, too." You lean forward and your tongue stretches out to run up the smooth material, leaving a damp line directly on top of my straining member. My groans reach your ears and you smile. Your hands run up my legs, to the waistband, where your fingertips hook inside, and then slowly start to tug downwards. My cock springs up to greet you as the shorts move downwards, until they fall at my ankles.

Now I take a step backwards, out of the boxers, and my hands reach and pull you to your feet. "Allow me to return the favour," I whisper as my hands slide down, over your breasts, rubbing at the nipples, moving down, over your belly and hips, where they wrap around you to search for the zipper of the skirt. As it moves down, the quiet buzz sends tingles over your skin, and goose bumps cover you in a second. The skirt freely falls to the floor, and my hands return to your hips as I slowly kiss my way down your neck. The feel of my lips on your shoulder sends more shivers down your spine. My kisses fall along the curve of your breast, down over your waist, to your bellybutton, where my tongue flicks out at the sensual spot. Again, downwards, over the waistband of your panties, where I slowly but deeply inhale your fragrance, smelling the very sex of your desire. My lips open and my teeth spread and scrape along the now damp cloth. Your hands move to the back of my head and pull me closer, into your center, your warmth, and my hands pull eagerly at your hips, holding you tight. 

As my deep breath inhales its deepest, my fingers pull down the top of your panties, slowly exposing the soft curls of pubic hair; my hot breath is now flowing over the lips of your pussy. My tongue reaches out and gently runs up the length of your hot cunt. Your moans reach my ears and encourage me. Again my tongue moves out and up, this time more firmly, slightly separating the outer lips, and up and over the tender spot where your clit waits eagerly for the first soft caress. Again, deeper, and into the wetness as your pussy opens to me, exposing the warmth within. My tongue moves back down the slit before reaching your clit. Up and down, deeper and deeper into you. Your fingers curl into my hair, pulling me tightly to you. Just as you begin to unlock your knees, spreading them, I pull back and stand up. My cock presses into your belly, heat radiating off of it.

I push you backwards and a few small steps find a couch behind your knees. You sit down onto the soft material, and I move downwards again, this time to the inside of your thigh. You lean back on the couch, relaxing and spreading your legs wide. My tongue slithers up the inside of your leg, as my fingertips glide up the other. My tongue stops just beside your pussy and starts to dance over the tight tendon as my finger glides up your wetness, and back down again. My tongue finds the perfect spot, and shivers dance along your spine and down your legs. My finger slowly starts to work its way inside you with slow stroking movements. Teeth scrape the spot and the finger moves deeper. Together, the sensations seem too much, and your mind doesn't know which to focus on. 

As my finger starts to move freely, I add a second one, increasing the sensations, and suddenly my tongue presses hard into the tendon, and your legs twitch, your back arches, and your mouth opens in a silent scream of pleasure. Your hands are once more in my hair, firmly pulling me upwards, your mouth is searching for mine. As our lips meet, my two fingers slide in and out of you. Your hips begin to rock to the rhythm. Your arm moves around my back, and your fingernails softly scrape along my skin. Our breath is shallow and hurried. You move your other hand between us, finding my hard cock and grabbing tightly. As you begin to pump me in time with your hips and my fingers, you suddenly stop moving as all of your muscles tense with my thumb now starting to rub around your clit. Sensations from everywhere bombard you as a climax approaches. You pull me closer, and my teeth lightly bite along your shoulder. A fire is building racing through your body as the movements of my fingers sliding in and out, and my thumb flicking over your clit suddenly peak and explode, coursing through your body, setting every nerve on fire, and time seems to stand still around us.

...

...

You open your eyes and in the darkness, you can just see my face lifted above yours. Our lips move together for a soft, tender kiss, our tongues slowly moving over each others. My fingers are still inside of you, my hand cupping your pussy. The room seems very warm and our bodies slick with sweat. "Mmmmm. That was a nice start." Your words fill the darkness, and you feel the situation move to your control. You push me backwards, away from you, and as my fingers slide out, you almost feel empty, but you know that won't be for long. 

I roll over onto the couch as you roll beside me. Your hand glides over my chest, fingers flicking at the nipples, and they harden at your touch. Your face moves close to mine, and your lips begin with soft, light kisses, starting with my lips, nose, eyelids, cheeks, softly kissing all over. Then you move to my ears, tracing around the edge of my ear with the tip of your tongue then tenderly nibbling my earlobe. You move down to my neck, giving me several playful love bites before continuing down to my chest. You kiss all over my chest, making smaller and smaller circles until you reach my nipples. You lightly nibble my nipples and then blow softly on them and flick your tongue over them. You continue kissing down, to my sweet belly button, then further down, kissing down one leg and back up my inner thigh. And then the same to my other leg, down the front and back up my inner thigh. Your lips then move up, kissing over to my soft balls, and massaging them with your tongue. You begin softly sucking them and rolling them around with your tongue. You kiss your way up to my hard cock, kissing and licking up and around my entire shaft. Your hand reaches for my balls, massaging them as you kiss my cock. You tickle the tender underside of my cock with the tip of your tongue, before continuing up to the tip of my head. You softly kiss the tip, tasting a salty drop of my precum and you look up at me and smile faintly. You lean down again and flick your tongue all over the head, darting it in, out, all over. Then you tenderly wrap your lips around the head and begin slowly sucking me down, inch by inch, your tongue masterfully massaging my cock as you take me in. You hear me moan with desire, but you want me nice and slow for now. You slowly build up the rhythm, controlling the pace. I desperately want to fuck your mouth so bad now. You feel me trying to go deeper, and as you quicken your pace you begin sucking me harder and deeper. Your other hand begins stroking the base of my cock, working me at both ends, and ticking my balls. You suck harder and deeper, and I grasp your hair and start fucking your mouth. You take my cock deeper with each thrust, and just when you feel me begin to shudder in my final ecstasy, you stop, pulling away and squeezing hard on my cock, halting my orgasm. "Not yet, Big Guy," you whisper, "not yet."

You slowly stand in front of me, firmly squeezing my cock until the small twitches subside, and you know I won't come yet. You move forward and onto the couch, straddling me, pressing your breasts into my face. My lips close onto one and start to suck, pulling the nipple deeply into my mouth, and the teeth nibble lightly at it. You hold my cock firmly by the base and rub it lightly at the hot entrance to your cunt. Your lips open and your slowly settle down, impaling yourself on my hard shaft.

My cock slides deeply into you, easily spreading your wetness open. As I nibble eagerly at your tits, you begin to move up and down, sliding up to the end of my cock until it is almost free of your pussy, and then suddenly driving back down, pushing my cock deep into you. My hands slide around and cup your ass cheeks, spreading them and one hand moves to the crack of your ass. The fingers slide down to the bottom of your pussy, rubbing the wet outer edge, and gathering your sweet juice on the tips. Slowly, they move up towards your tight asshole, flicking a wet tip over the tight hole. Electric charges jolt through you as your pussy squeezes at my cock, my tongue flicks at your nipples and my fingertips rub at your tender butt. Your head drives forward, into my neck, and your teeth latch onto my shoulder as the feeling starts to build inside of you once again. Harder and harder you drive down onto my hard shaft, ripples of pleasure radiating from the friction. Your clit is hammering into my pelvis, sending waves of pleasure outward. The tip of my finger presses firmly at your asshole and suddenly you are overcome with the force of your orgasm. You slam down hard, driving my cock deep into your cunt and your muscles start to clench around my shaft. My own orgasm washes over me, and you can feel my cock jump inside of you as it spurts out it's load. The movement of my prick sends more shivers of pleasure to your clit and a second orgasm immediately follows the first. Your arms clench around my shoulders, your thighs tightening on my legs, and my face moves up to the hollow of your shoulder, where I leave a tender kiss.

Our bodies slowly stop shivering in ecstasy, and you are unable to move off of me. You collapse forward, relaxing in my arms. As your breathing levels out and you begin to come to your senses, you feel my cock inside of you, still hard. You pull your face back and look into my eyes. "Lets move into the bedroom. I want the next one to take much longer." You are glad I am still hard and ready.  

"Of course , my Darling," I reply, "After all, the night has only begun. But first, tell me your name." You lean close and whisper it in my ear, brushing your lips against the lobe, and running the tip of your tongue just inside. You feel the shivers run through my body and smile. "Mmmmmm. I'm Woody, but tonight, I'm Yours."
