 Karl and Mia had known each other for years. They went to the same secondary school, then by coincidence the same university. They'd never been friends really until they both got jobs in the same city. They weren't particularly close; they had very little in common they thought. But when there was a new movie out or a new art show in town, they would find themselves in the same places. It was sometimes pleasant to see a familiar face in a sea of strangers. They began meeting before the shows to grab a bite to eat. It was at these meals they found they had the same level of pride and the same humour when it came to bets.

They would bet on little things, mainly things that they couldn't agree on, for example, what date the second world war ended (Mia won that one), or perhaps what colour underwear was Andy Warhol's favourite (Karl won that one). Whatever the bet was, there was a forfeit for the loser. Once Karl had to go to work with geek glasses on and a superman t-shirt beneath his suit, telling everyone his name was Clark Kent. Another time Mia had to answer every question she was asked with 'Wyatt Earp' for the entire evening. They enjoyed seeing the other one in an awkward situation, but it was never malicious.

This particular evening they were attending an art show which both of them needed to attend to make good impressions. Mia was covering it for the magazine she wrote for, and Karl had clients who were very interested in this kind of art. He was supposed to wine and dine them and basically babysit them on their visit to the city while his superiors struck deals with them.

Before they headed out into the cold November evening, they met at a small diner off the main roads, where they sold the best Pizza in the city. The conversation quickly diminished into an argument about the age of the artist. Mia insisted he was 28, while Karl knew for certain he was 23. Mia disliked the idea of someone younger than her achieving his dreams so quickly, and so sulked. Then she saw the familiar flash in Karl's eyes.

"So, um. Ever gone commando to one of these things?" He grinned across the table to Mia, whose lips formed into a perfect pink 'o'. "I'll take that as a no then. Want to bet on his age? Whoever is furthest from the correct age has to go commando this evening." Mia smiled, liking the idea of Karl being uncomfortable and almost bare to the world. She nodded and shook his proffered hand.

Later they were being introduced to the gallery owner, the clients and the artist. Karl got the talented man into a conversation and casually asked him how old he was. The artist coolly replied, '24' in a bored manner before seeing someone he knew and adored on the other side of the room. Karl slid a smile to Mia, who huffed. Karl excused himself and followed Mia to the back of the gallery. He waited patiently outside the ladies toilets.

Moments later Mia emerged, looking flustered and cowed. Karl snapped his fingers and motioned to her.

"What does that mean?" Mia asked irritably.

"The panties."

"I'm not giving you my underwear."

"How do I know that you're keeping your word then?" Mia growled at Karl's smug look and rifled through her purse, pushing a bundled piece of material into his hand and stalking away, heels clicking menacingly on the cement floor. Karl allowed himself a moment to view the tiny things. He'd thought they were black but they were in fact a very deep purple lace with red highlights embroidered into a central pattern which ran down the front into the crotch and then plaited itself into a thong at the back. Imagining Mia in just those made his cock twitch in his pants. He caught a hold of himself and then moved back into the main room of the gallery.

Karl had never seen Mia that way before. He knew she was all woman but their friendship had been almost professional, despite the fact they weren't colleagues. She was gorgeous, even more so since she'd left school. In university she'd blossomed, but now she was in her prime. He eyed her using his peripherals, speculatively examining her curves.

She had rich dark brown hair, the colour and shade of melted dark chocolate. Today she had it was coiffed up into a neat bun-thing on top of her head. Small black jewelled roses cupped the base of it. Her eyes were a startling blue which could be as inviting as the Mediterranean sea, or as hard as the arctic glaciers depending on her mood. Today she wore an ash grey silk blouse, tucked into a high pencil skirt, which hugged her marvellous curves and explained the need for a thong. You would be able to see everything beneath that skirt. Karl cleared his throat and mind of the thoughts that he was the only one, besides her, who knew she wore nothing under her skirt. He shifted his attention back to his clients, pushing all thoughts of the lace resting in his inner breast pocket from his mind.

Mia wasn't enjoying herself. The gallery was like an old warehouse, and cool drafts of air kept wafting up her skirt, giving a pleasant but unnecessary feeling in her crotch. Also she couldn't stop thinking about her underwear in Karl's pocket. How was she going to get it back? She was sure Karl would make her ask for it. Just thinking about the humiliation made her blush. She shook her head and tried to concentrate on the art she was supposed to be reviewing for her column.

Before long the Gallery decided to close, sending its customers on to an after party. Karl didn't feel much like attending it, so handed off to his colleagues who would care for the clients. Mia wanted to get home, she was chilled and her heels were hurting her. Without talking, they knew they would both get a taxi as they lived on the same road. Mia hailed one and slipped inside, Karl following quickly after.

"So, purple lace, eh?"

"Shut up." Mia said, putting out her hand.

"Why hello, Mia!" Karl said enthusiastically and shook the hand she'd put out. She shook him loose.

"Give me them." She muttered.

"Give you what?" He asked innocently. She was silent and gritted her teeth for the rest of the journey. 

They stopped at her house, as was usual. When she walked to the front door, however, Karl followed, which wasn't usual.

"Coffee or tea?" She sighed.

"Tea would be great thanks!" He could not remove that big stupid grin from his face, could he?

She let them both in, and moved through to the kitchen where she put in the kettle to boil. Karl explored the downstairs of the house, it was like a circle with the stairs as the centre. Sitting room leading to study, study to kitchen, kitchen to dining room and dining room to sitting room. The sitting room and dining room were at the front of the house. He plunked himself down on one of the big chairs in the sitting room and flicked on the T.V.

"Make yourself at home!" Mia called through sarcastically. She came through to the sitting room to check on him, only to find him sprawled on the settee. She sighed tiredly and removed the roses from her hair and shifted off her heels in favour of a small pair of white slippers she kept behind the settee. When she returned to the kitchen, Karl followed.

She stood waiting for the kettle to finish boiling while taking the pins from her hair. She was having difficulty so Karl reached across and began locating pins. Finally he was able to let it down; it fell in dark waves around her shoulders. The clean feminine smell over took him and he suddenly wanted to touch it. He ran his hand up into it, grasping the back of her head and tugging gently down. She moaned and her shoulders relaxed slightly.

"Mm, that feels good." He turned her to face him and began sorting her hair around her face so it settled properly, every now and then rubbing her scalp at the top of her neck with his fingertips. Her eyes almost rolled back in her head from the pleasure of it.

Mia could feel the heat of him close to her, but a mixture of exhaustion and the small amount of champagne was making her senses go wild and she didn't push him away. She could feel him watch her as the sensation of her hair finally coming down after being up all day was too much. She put her hand on his chest as her head fell back slightly, to be caught and cupped by his hand. He moved closer slightly. Her eyes opened again.

Once a surfer boy he'd always kept that slightly rough edge to him, but now it had been forcibly refined into something more adult. His hair was a brown that shone gold in the light and his eyes were toffee brown and soft. She knew lots of girls who had fallen for his looks and come out not unscathed. But for now she could forget all of that. She was just enjoying the relaxing feel of his hands massaging her head and neck.

He leant forward imperceptibly and kissed her neck. She gasped, not expecting either the action or the pleasure she felt at it. He drew back, almost shy and innocent. Then leant in again and kissed deeper. She felt teeth and her hand tightened on his bicep, unsure whether she was pushing him away or pulling him closer. He undid the top three buttons of her blouse before she'd noticed. He drew back, the grin back on his face.

"So are you going to ask me for them back?" She slapped at his chest and pushed him slightly away, trying to escape. He blocked her attempt and pushed against her, trapping her between him and the counter. "Well?"

The fire in her eyes could've scorched him, but he wasn't bothered. He just wanted to hear the words come from her mouth.

"What will you give me if I say them?" She countered, which he wasn't expecting. He should've though, it was in their natures to barter. He thought for a moment and then leant close again; she moved his face from his.

"More of this." He growled, putting his mouth to her neck again, licking and biting up and down the smooth stem there. She gasped and put her hands on his chest, and he could feel her feebly pushing at him, and then felt her nails dig in and draw him closer. Her knee went up, as if she was trying to wrap a leg round him, but the skirt stopped her and it seemed to snap her from his onslaught. She gave one big heave and pushed him from her.

"I don't want that." She said turning to the now-boiled kettle. He knew better than to argue when she was holding boiling water, so he went to the sitting room and sat on the sofa, vainly trying to disguise the bulge in his trousers. Soon she came through and handed him a cup, sitting on the sofa next to him and tucking her feet under her.

She took a sip, pursed her lips together and placed the mug on the side, frowning a little.

"It's still a bit hot. What did you think of the show then?"

"I couldn't think about what was on the walls when I knew what was in my pocket." He purposefully didn't look at her and took a sip as she gasped. His face screwed up and he put the tea on the side too. "It is a bit hot, isn't it?"

"I want my underwear back." She said, deadpan.

"Good for you, but not good enough to get them."

"Give me my underwear back now." She sat a little forward. He brought them out and held them up to the light, admiring them. She made a snatch for them but he was too quick. He held them away from her. She crawled swiftly across the sofa and stretched for them, torso along his, arm stretched outwards, grasping. He threw an arm around her waist, laughing out loud now and pinning her to him so she couldn't move further towards the prize. He looked at her, and she looked at him. He noticed she was laughing too now. She suddenly became slightly relaxed in his arms and put her face towards his, her expression softening. She glanced at his lips and then kissed them, pressing into him. He returned the kiss whole-heartedly and straightened in the seat, encouraging her with small movements to straddle him. She needed to lift the skirt slightly to do so, but soon enough she was over him and he had her hips under his hands. She felt amazing.

Until she snatched the panties from his hand and leapt from him, running upstairs giggling. Karl heard her disappear into one of the rooms and understood how this evening was going to be. He leapt up, shedding his jacket and tie and loosening his buttons on his shirt. He also removed his shoes and socks. Then he went on a Mia-hunt.

The trail wasn't difficult to follow. First he found her shirt on the bottom stair, and her earring on the top. Her necklace and other earring were on the table in the hall outside her bedroom. As he pushed the door fully open he saw her in her bra and skirt with her back to him, about to unzip it. The breath he'd been about to take caught roughly in his throat. That sound of the zip filled the air. She let the silken material flow down her legs and she stepped delicately out of it.

Mia turned to him in just her purple and red lace bra with matching garter and stockings. She suddenly was nervous at his stillness. It had been the heat of the moment, and perhaps she'd gone too far, but he'd started it by admiring her underwear in front of her. She crossed her arm in front of her, already protecting herself from his scorn. He seemed to understand her fears and rapidly crossed the room so he was stood inches from her.

He brushed an imagined lock of hair away from her face and cupped her cheek. "So beautiful..." He murmured before bending to kiss her. It was gentle at first, chaste, neither of the wanted to scare the other. Then without meaning to, Mia let out a moan of pleasure as she put her palm against his chest and felt hard muscle there. She checked herself, almost drawing away, but the small sound seemed to trigger something in Karl. He gathered her in his arms, demanding more of her mouth, advancing on her until her back met the wardrobe. He pushed her up against the cool glass, pushing at her until her legs wrapped around his waist and her bared pussy was open to him.

As he realised he was grinding his zipper against her, he yanked at his clothing, her hands helping him, until his shirt was open and his trousers and underwear were around his ankles. When he hand closed around him he thought he was going to spill there and then. It was so small and so hot, it felt amazing on him. Then she tugged him to her again, lifting herself by putting her hands over the top edge of the wardrobe and supporting some of her bodyweight that way. As he came close to her heat she turned her head away and bit her lip. Karl groaned, hoping he'd remember that look for the rest of his life, pure vulnerable lust.

He ran the tip of his penis sharply against her wetness, torturing them both and earning him a frustrated gasp from her. With a smile he plunged into her as far as he could. Her back arched, but he didn't allow her time to recover before pulling back slightly and pushing forward again. The second stoke took him deeper into her core. She moaned and looked at him, a plea in her eyes.

"I want more, Karl." She whispered. He lifted her off him, kicking his shed clothes as he went and helping her slip out of hers. There didn't seem to be enough time for her stockings before they collapsed on to her carefully made bed. She pushed him back and gave a wicked grin. She trailed kisses down his stomach until she got to his jumping cock.

He couldn't look at her for fear of setting himself off. She was so lovely, he had no idea why he hadn't seen it before tonight, or what had made him open his eyes now. He felt her mouth close instantly and begin to suckle the helmet of his cock. He groaned and threw his head back.

She licked the length of it from ballsack to shaft and drew back suddenly.

"Oh my god, I can taste myself on you." She gave it another little lick. "I'm delicious!" She exclaimed as she closed her entire mouth over his penis, going as far as she dared, still laving it with her tongue inside her mouth. He sat up and grabbed at her arms.

"Come here." He said gruffly.

"But I was having fun!" She protested with a pout. He groan and settled her to straddle him, trying to push her hips down on to him, she resisted and still pouted.

"You can do it more later. I want this first." That seemed to placate her as she quickly found his cock beneath her heated pussy and pushed down on it. It filled her, and instantly she was filled with selfish lust. This thing inside her made her feel so good; her hands went to her nipples and drew to her clit. She bounced on top of him until she had a good rhythm then pushed herself almost to the edge.

She was magnificent. The second he was inside her, he'd sensed her need to get herself off, which she seemed happy to use him for. She rode him, oblivious to her ambple, bared breasts bouncing in time with the strokes on his cock. Her moans were increasing as a small frown creased her brow, she seemed to lose control and fell forward to him. He knew she was close, but her pleasure had made her grow boneless, so she needed him to finish her off.

He shifted her hips slightly and began a punishing pace into her, she drew up on to her elbows, obvlious almost to him. It was only when he was pistoning into her, her screams exciting him and driving him on that she kissed him and put her teeth to his neck. He felt the first grasps of her orgasm overtake her and felt he wasn't able to hold out.

"I'm going to come!" She sat up, driving down on to him, seemingly making a decision. She swung her leg off and then replaced her mouth where her pussy just was. She expertly sucked him until within seconds he couldn't last anymore. She took each one of his loads and swallowed them all, a small satisfied grin on her face as she looked up at him.

"Sorry about that," she said wickedly. "I'll let you come inside me next time, I just wanted to taste you so bad..."