 I sincerely apologize for taking so long to write the end to this story. I'd never even meant to make it a two-parter -- I was just so tired the night I wrote it, the very night that I saw the girl who inspired this little fantasy, that I figured I'd pick it up the next night. Months later, here's the conclusion.

The moral of the story? I shouldn't write multi-part stories.

Enjoy.


*********


When we reach my bedroom I pull her to me for another kiss. I can feel her writhing in my grasp -- not because she wants to get free, but because she's grinding her crotch against mine again, feeling my hardness through her jeans.

I gently lay her down on the bed. She's already undone her jeans, so all I have to do is slide my hands up her perfectly curved hips and slowly slide her jeans down. As the jeans come off, they reveal not a pair of pink panties -- to match the already discarded shirt and bra -- as I had expected, but a pair of silk, see-through black panties that have a damp spot right in the middle. I wonder briefly what she was thinking when she put on this amazingly sexy underwear this morning. Does she just like to wear sexy underwear? Does it make her feel good? Did she know that she was going to go home with some random stranger? Or had she come into the bookstore specifically for me? Had she seen me in there on another night and decided she was going to come back and have me? Or did she wear them for her boyfriend, who's right now wondering where she is? Each possibility excites me more and more.

I reach up and caress the damp spot, rubbing my finger against her slick pussy lips through the thin fabric. She moans, a low, sexy sound that makes my cock twitch, and squirms a little.

I start slowly kissing my way up the inside of her thigh. Her skin is so soft and smooth. I love the way it feels beneath my hands, beneath my lips, beneath my tongue. I kiss and lick my way up towards her pussy. I try and take my time, to draw this out, to make her even crazier with desire than she already is, but I'm pretty crazed myself, and it's not terribly long until I'm planting little kisses on her damp panties. I nuzzle my nose against where her clit must be beneath the thin fabric as I kiss and lick her pussy through the panties. She's squirming even more now, running her hands through my hair, spreading her legs as wide as they'll go.

I lift her ass up just a little bit and I slide her panties down. Her bare, beautiful pussy glistens there right in front of me. Pink, shaven, and perfect. I give it a long, slow lick, from bottom to top. She shudders.

I give her another lick. And another. Soon my tongue is slipping inside her, at first just teasing her, darting in and out, but it's not very long before I've got my face pressed up against her crotch and my tongue is lapping at the inside of her pussy, as deep as I can make it go. She tastes so good. I can't get enough of her. Her legs are up over my shoulders, her ankles crossed and her heels resting on my back. My hands are on her hips, holding her steady, while her hands are pressing on the back of my head, urging me on.

"Oh fuck," she gasps in a sweet, breathless voice, and I realize this is the first thing I've actually heard her say. "Ohhh fuck, yes. Yes. God, yes, don't stop. Fuck, yes, yes, yes. Mmmmmmmm God, yes, oh baby, you're so good, that feels so good, don't stop, don't stop, don't stop ..."

Her sweet gasps and pleas only turn me on even more, and I have no intention of stopping. At least not until I've repaid her in kind for the amazing blowjob back in the foyer, not until I've given her an orgasm to match the one she gave me -- despite the power of which, I am already recovered from. My cock is hard between my legs once more, sticking straight out. Throbbing. Desperate to be buried in the tight, wet, hot cunt I'm currently licking.

First things first. I slip my tongue out of her pussy and replace it with my finger, with two of my fingers. She moans loudly and bucks her hips against my hand in what I assume is an involuntary gesture, trying to fuck my fingers. I start to flick my tongue against her clit, while at the same time sliding my fingers in and out of her wet, tight cunt, slowly at first, but soon picking up speed. Before long I'm sucking on her clit and moaning, as my fingers slam in and out of her and she succumbs to her orgasm, her entire body trembling, her pussy clamping down on my fingers, her hands wrapped around the back of my head to prevent me from backing away, her legs spread as wide as they'll go, her moans filling the room. "Oh! My! God!" she practically sobs as she cums. "Fuck! Fuck! Yes! Fucking ... yes! Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm God YES! Ohhhhhh!"

Gradually, the shaking subsides, and the pressure on my head falls away, as her arms flop down to her sides. I pull my fingers out of her and raise my head. She's staring at me, dazed.

"That was ..." she said, breathless. "The best ... fucking orgasm ... anyone has ever given me."

"Gosh," I said, climbing on top of her. "And I haven't even fucked you yet."

She was probably expecting me to kiss her then, maybe to cuddle with her for awhile. Judging by the startled gasp and the wide-eyed expression she gave me, she wasn't expecting me to immediately slide my thick cock into her, all the way to the hilt, and to pin her hands above her head with my own.

"Now," I said. "Let's see what we can do about making that last orgasm second-best." And I start to slowly pump in and out of her. Staring up into my eyes and moaning, she wraps her legs around my waist, digging her heels into my ass, urging me in closer, deeper, harder and faster.

I'm more than happy to oblige.

"Fuck, your pussy feels so good," I tell her as our pace slowly increases. Her perfect breasts are bouncing up and down as I slide in and out of her, but I can't tear my gaze away from her huge brown eyes, staring up and me with lust and passion. Her eyes are burning. "You're so fucking tight, and so fucking wet."

"Ohhh," she moans, closing her eyes for a moment, then opening them again, staring up at me. "You like the way my pussy feels? You like my tight little teenage cunt?"

"Mmmm, you know I do," I tell her, increasing my speed just a hair. "It feels so good wrapped around my cock. Do you like my cock, baby?"

"Oh fuck," she says, clenching her pussy muscles around it. "I love it. God, I fucking love your cock. You feel how wet I am? That's all because of you and that big thick cock of yours. God, the second I saw it I got drenched. And now that it's inside me it feels sooooo fucking good ..."

I release her hands, and gather up her tiny body in my arms. Keeping my cock deep inside her, I lean back, so that our positions are reversed and now I'm the one on their back, and she's the one on top.

"Ride me," I tell her. "Show me how much you love my cock. Fuck it, and fuck it hard."

"Ohhh yesssss," she moans, closing her eyes and squirming around a bit on my cock, getting situated. She then starts to move. Not fucking me, really, not slamming herself up and down on my cock like in some porn film, but grinding on it, slowly undulating her lower body back and forth, back and forth, like waves coming into the beach and then slipping back out to sea. She runs her hands over my chest as she moves, staring down into my eyes. I stare back, and I can't help but moan.

My moan seems to encourage her. "Oh God," she says breathlessly. "Oh fuck, this feels so good. GOD, I love having you inside me. Mmmm!"

She's moving faster and faster, and soon she is bouncing up and down on my cock like a porn star, her tits bouncing in front of me as she slams herself down onto my thick cock again and again. My hands go to her breasts and I squeeze them gently, teasing the rock-hard nipples. My hands then drop down to her hips and I help slam her up and down on my cock, my own hips thrusting up to meet hers.

"Fuck," she says. I love hearing her sweet, girlish voice say these nasty things. "Fuck, I fucking love your cock. I love fucking you. Holy shit this feels good. Ohhhh, mother fucker, you're gonna make me cum again. Yes, oh fuck, I'm gonna cum again ..."

"That's it baby," I tell her, gasping for air. "Cum all over my hard cock. Milk my cock with your tight little cunt. Make me explode inside you."

"Oh yes!" she moans, fucking me even harder and faster. The wet smacking noises fill the room. "Yes, fuck, cum with me, cum inside me, I want to feel your cum, I want to feel you blast it up into me, fuck, I want you to cum, I want to cum, ohhhhhhhhh baby, yes, cum, cum, cum ..." Her words become a mantra, for her or for me, I'm not sure. For both of us, maybe. "CUM! CUM! CUM! OHHHHH FUCK YES, CUMMMMMMMMMM!"

And we do. I bellow like some tremndous beast that's been struck, and she screams bloody murder, and we cum. Her pussy clenches down on my thick cock just as my balls tighten and blast their hot thick liquid deep into this little teen's pussy. She's pulling her hair and screaming, I'm squeezing her ass and yelling, we're both cumming harder than we've ever cum before. I actually black out for a moment, and when I come to, she nestled in beside me, her head tucked in under mine, moaning softly.

We both fall asleep fairly quickly after that. I'm awoken a few hours later, however, to find a mass of brown curls bobbing up and down on my hard cock, and I smile, knowing I've found the perfect girl.