 Kissing her hungrily, Alex lifted her onto the kitchen counter, her butt landing hard against the marble top. Anna's legs wrapped around him tight, his turgid cock trapped between them. They both moaned at the feel of him rubbing it against her tiny black lace thong, the friction delicious to both parties. He shoved his tongue deeper inside of her mouth, fighting for self-control when she suckled on it with her dark red, full lips. Anna's tongue swirled around the tip, eliciting another strangled moan from him.

They were newlyweds and certainly enjoying the married life and all the fleshly desires they had denied themselves while courting. Both had decided early on in the relationship to not take it too far, and they had succeeded. The reward was definitely worth the wait.

Anna's hands moved through Alex's hair, at times grazing it with just her nails, a move that he loved. She swirled them down to the back of his neck, around the conch of his ear, to his neck and round to his back, where they turned sharp as she dug them into his skin, trying to draw him ever closer. Not satisfied with only kneading her ass, Alex moved both of his hands up to her breasts, holding them tight against her, the perfect orbs creating inches of cleavage for him to lave with his tongue. He removed his lips from hers and kissed his way to her ear before drawing the lobe between his lips. Flicking it lightly, he whispered to her, "I love you so much," before taking it between his teeth and giving it a quick, light tug. Anna could only think of how much her clit would love to have the same thing done to it. 

He moved from her ear down to her neck, his tongue tracing all around, trying to find her sweet spot that almost immediately takes her to orgasm. She jerked when he hit it. Alex returned to the same spot, making circles around it, getting ever closer to where it sets her off before replacing his tongue with his lips and sucking hard, hard enough so he knew she'd be left with a hickey the next day. She bucked uncontrollably against him, his dick rubbing against her clit in such a way that it only took her seconds to make her come. 

Satisfied with his own ministrations on her neck, he kept going lower, his tongue tracing the tops of her breasts. He loved it when she looked this way, panting, hair sex-tousled, needing a slight reprieve before they continued. Alex moved his hands, the breasts dropping slightly with their weight, the pink nipples standing hard at attention, wanting his attention. Begging for his attention.

He obliged.

Licking the tip of one, the areole crinkled even further, making it turn into a slightly darker pink. Taking it into his mouth, he sucked on it greedily, wanting to feel her start to squirm, indicating her readiness to continue. His hand found her other breast, molding it beneath his palm before rubbing his thumb over the nipple. Alex worked both at the same time, then switched hand for mouth. 

Anna rocked beneath him, sending small jolts of pleasure through him. Knowing she was ready to continue and him tired of waiting, he picked her up and carried her to the bedroom, laying her down while climbing on top of her simultaneously. The only thing keeping his glorious prick from her pink depths was that damn thong.

He felt it beneath his hand. It teased him, tormented him, blocking his entrance. Alex grabbed it with one hand and gave it a quick tug, breaking its hold on Anna. 

And her shaved pussy. 

He kissed her hard, tongues twisting and dancing together, playful and rough at the same time. She sucked his lower lip into her mouth and traced it with her tongue. Alex responded by grinding his hips against her. Against her wetness. She was so wet. Drenched. Ready for him.

Alex moved his mouth lower, retracing his path earlier down her neck, but this time he didn't stop. He continued further south, lips kissing her clavicle, her breasts, her stomach, flicking into her bellybutton. Settling on the soft skin to the side of it, he sucked the skin hard, intending to give her a hickey she would see, and any time he would not be around, she would think of him and this moment.

He knew how her brain worked.

After satisfying that mission, he stuck his tongue out and traced down, straight down to the top of her slit. Anna smelled delicious and he could not wait to eat her. She moved her legs further apart to give him easier access to her. Before moving in for the kill, he reveled in the look of her: the pink folds, the juice dripping out of her hole, her hard clit pleading for his attention. Alex started at the bottom of his slit and licked up wide, tasting her and feeling all of the soft textures beneath his tongue. He returned to one side and sucked on a lip, then moved to the other before repeating the lick. Anna moved against his mouth on the upstroke, trying as hard as possible to get him to acknowledge her clit. He understood and when he reached the top of her slit, he stopped and flicked lightly over her pink bud. Her gasps indicated her pleasure, so he continued the motion and slipped his hands under her perfect ass, bringing her closer to him and holding her steady. 

Flick flick flick went his tongue, her body jolting with every movement. Seeing her like that made him so hot he realized he had been subconsciously rubbing himself against the bed, imagining himself sinking deep inside of her, of feeling her pulse around him. Of gripping his shaft and squeezing. Her muscles contracting around him always felt amazing, he knew he couldn't hold out much longer.

Intensifying his attention on her clit, he wrapped his lips around it and sucked on it. Quick pulls followed by releasing it and flicking it, and then tracing the alphabet. Keeping Anna guessing. He could tell she was getting close with her constant humping against his face, he could barely keep track of where his mouth should be.

This time she wasn't going to get a release and deny him his.

He moved up, his mouth taking hers, making her taste herself. She licked his lips hungrily, desperately grinding herself against him before he entered her, quick and sure. Both gasped with the feeling. Alex didn't move fast enough for Anna and he found himself on his back with his woman on top of him, breasts bouncing in time with her rapid humping. He loved this view of her. Reaching out, he grabbed her breasts, feeling them jiggle in his hands before moving his hands down to her waist, slowing her movements. He pressed her closer to him, getting as deep into her as possible, feeling her contractions slow around his cock. Anna still moved against him, but was forced to go at the speed he desired. Her eyes burned into his, wishing that he would let her go, but she also loved the feeling of him when he held her still and barely moved beneath her, almost flexing himself into her. A small movement that was greatly noticed by one of her body parts. It drove her on to want to move against him, but he being much stronger than her, any attempt was thwarted. 

Alex continued this motion for a few minutes, until her squeezing of his prick picked up and he knew she was close. Having her come would make him come, too, and the release would be so sweet. 

It always was with her.

Now he helped her move, guiding both of them to resemble a well-oiled machine, moving against each other to provide maximum friction. He moved one of his hands down to her clit, his thumb rubbing at it. Her breathing was getting shallow, and soon she was panting, leading him to thrust hard into her to feel her strong contractions around him. He exploded into her, his body wracked with the pleasure of it. 

Anna leaned down and kissed her husband, gently, before rolling off of him and falling asleep beside him.

Both knew that when they woke, the cycle would be repeated.