 I spent most of my evening at work in varying degrees of arousal, thanks mostly to one teenage girl.

She MIGHT have been twenty. MAYBE. Truthfully, though, she looked more like she was eighteen or nineteen. But my god, she was beautiful. Dark hair that cascaded down around her shoulders (I always say I have a thing for redheads, but it seems to always be the dark-haired ones who get my pulse pounding), perfectly kissable lips, beautiful pale skin, and a body to die for. She knew it, too. You could tell just by the way she dressed. Skin-tight jeans covering that round, perfect ass. Up top, she had on this pink shirt -- it was one of those weird numbers that kept going for a little ways past her waist, the kind that could double as a really slutty dress -- from which her perky little tits were practically exploding. That thing was cut low, and good lord, she wore it well.

Short. Petite. Curves to die for. Dark hair, dark eyes.

She was perfect.

I wanted her.

I wanted to just walk up to her and kiss her. I'd gently take her chin in my hand and tilt her head upwards until she was looking at me, and then I'd lean in and gently brush my lips against hers. She'd be startled at first, but then, possessed by who knows what urge, she'd kiss me back. Sliding my hands down to her hips, I'd hold her close as she kissed me back, wrapping her arms around my neck.

Soon I'd break the kiss, and wordlessly take her hand and lead her to my car. There'd be no words exchanged -- not between me and my co-workers, who I'd be leaving in the lurch, nor between this gorgeous teenage beauty and myself, who I've just met but who I'm now opening the passenger-side door for.

The ride back to my house would likewise pass in silence. No radio, no CD, no iPod, and no conversation. I'd keep my eyes on the road, even though all I want to do is stare at this goddess sitting beside me. I can see her nervously sneaking glances at me in my peripheral vision, though. Perhaps wondering what she's gotten herself into.

When we reached my house, I'd take her by the hand again and lead her inside. Closing the door behind us, I'd put my hands on her bare shoulders and kiss her again, more passionately this time, right there in the foyer. Her smooth, flawless skin would feel so good beneath my hands. She'd respond to the kiss, pressing her hot little body against mine, pulling me closer, her hands intertwined in my hair. Our tongues would dart in and out of each other's mouths as she squirms in my grasp, feeling my hard cock pressing against her even through all our clothes.

I break the kiss again, and just look at her. God, she's beautiful. I trace my fingers over her cheek, down her neck, over her shoulders and down her arms. She shivers beneath my touch.

I slide the straps of her pink shirt down and it falls away from her. She gracefully steps out of it as I unbuckle her matching pink bra, which soon joins her shirt on the floor. She stands before me topless now, trembling, looking up at me with those big brown eyes. My attention is drawn to her perfect breasts, however, each one perfect and round and topped with a pink nipple that looks to be getting increasingly hard.

I start to kiss and lick and suck at her neck, as my hands go for her breasts. I feel her nipples stiffening more and more beneath my touch, and I flick my tongue over her earlobe. She gasps and arches her back, pushing her breasts into my hands and telling me she likes what I'm doing. I tease her nipples with my fingers, rolling each one between my thumb and forefinger, as I lick and nibble at her earlobe. Her little gasps are exquisite.

Soon I can't help myself and my mouth blazes a trail down to her breasts. She holds my head close as I first lick, then begin to suck on one of her nipples. Her little gasps turn to little moans as I move from one breast to the other, sucking and nibbling on her nipples, licking around and between her perfect breasts.

Soon I realize that her hands are no longer holding my head tight against her chest, but are frantically trying to undo the front of my pants. I back off a bit and give her room to get my pants undone. She unzips them and pushes them down to the floor, along with my underwear. I step out of all this excess clothing, and my shoes and socks as well, until she's kneeling before me with a hungry look in those dark eyes. She's topless, I'm bottomless, and her tongue is just barely starting to slide around the head of my oh-so-hard cock.

She's good. Really good. She gets my cock nice and wet first by slowly running her tongue up and down the shaft, even licking my balls in the process. Then she parts those gorgeous red lips of hers and slowly take my cock into her mouth. Her head starts bobbing up and down over my thick cock. She lets it slip out of her mouth every now and then to jerk it slowly with her hand. Her mouth and tongue have gotten it nice and wet, so her hand feels wonderful sliding up and down the rigid shaft. Not as wonderful, however, as when she takes it all the way into her mouth and starts sucking, hard. It feels like my cock is melting in her mouth, it feels like she's trying to suck the cum out of me, and she is, that's exactly what she's trying to do, and she's so good at it, and I don't know what to do with my hands, they were in her hair but now they're by my side, clenching and unclenching my fists, because it feels so damn good and I didn't want to hurt her or choke her, and I'm moaning so loudly, telling her how good it feels, and she's moaning too, around my cock, sucking cock must turn her on, and then I notice that she's unsnapped her jeans and that she's rubbing herself with one hand while she sucks me, and that's when I KNOW sucking cock turns her on, and that's also when I can't hold back any longer, the sight of her hand down her pants is just too much, and I cum, I cum harder than I knew was possible, I announce my orgasm with a roar, and she accepts it happily, still moaning over my cock as she sucks every last drop of cum down her throat.

My knees are weak at this point, but I manage to pull her to her feet and give her a passionate kiss. The kiss seems to surprise her at first -- maybe she's used to guys not wanting to kiss her after a blow job, maybe she's just surprised at my passion -- but then she kisses me back, pulling me close and grinding her crotch against my leg. I can feel the heat boiling out of her pussy even through her jeans, and when I break the kiss and look into her eyes, I can see the fire there. The hungry need. This girl is ready to go.

Taking her by the hand, I lead her into my bedroom.

To be continued ...