 I awoke to warm wet lips wrapped around my cock. I closed my eyes again and enjoyed the morning blowjob. Small deft hands moved up and down my length as a talented mouth got me raging hard. I enjoyed every stroke and lick. The mouth left for only a moment and then something warm and tight pushed down upon my length slow and sure. It was much tighter than I remembered last night. It took a long moment until I was hilted then the snug sex moved up and down slowly at first but soon it was moving faster and faster. 

"Oh Akira that feels so good!" I groaned out loud.

"What feels so good Kouryou?" Her voice was right next to my ear. I opened my eyes and looked over and saw her smiling face. 

"It must be Olga." I said as I looked in the other direction to see the sleeping Russian. Finally I looked down and saw my cock buried in Ryoko's ass. 

"Mmmmm," Akira purred, "that does look like fun." I had mixed emotions about Ryoko's actions but decide to enjoy it and accept her peace offering. "May I?" She asked. My jaw dropped open. "I'll take that as a yes." Akira rose to her knees and crawled to my feet. "You should see her face Kouryou, she is in ecstasy, make her come for me." I shifted my position and got on my knees behind and took over. 

"Head down and ass up." She complied without a word. I settled my hands on her hips and began moving in and out while Akira sat before Ryoko looking deeply into my eyes her lust evident. With a cry Ryoko shuddered in climax. I pulled out and let her roll onto her back trying to catch her breath. Akira silently took her position head down and her finely sculpted ass up. I leaned down and began licking her nether hole getting it wet and relaxed enough to accommodate me. I lashed her hole with my tongue while she purred deep in her chest. I tested her readiness with a finger it slid in easily. She groaned as it entered and moaned as it moved in and out.

"Another." I placed a second finger inside of her, a deeper groan this time. "Another." A third finger followed the first two and moved in unison with the others. "Your cock Kouryou I need your cock." I removed my fingers then placed the head at her entrance. I slowly pushed until the head entered with a pop. I waited for her to adjust then inch-by-inch buried myself deep in her ass. She sucked in her breath when I hilted in her. "I have dreamt of this since I heard your love play. I didn't have the courage to cross the hall and throw myself at your feet. Fuck my ass Kouryou please make me come." I was startled by her sudden confession but the way she said it was like throwing gasoline on a fire. I grabbed her hips fiercely and began to move in and out of her. She began to grunt with each of my thrusts a little louder each time the louder she became the faster I went. Soon I was fucking her ass with long rapid strokes and my cock began to swell in prelude to my orgasm. That seemed to be the final straw for Akira her grunts were became a loud wailing groan. As she cried out and went silent I pushed over the edge and shot pulse after pulse into her. I collapsed atop of her driving deeper still a whimpering sound came from her, "no more, please Kouryou, no more." I laughed and slowly extracted myself and rolled next to Ryoko and let her cuddle with me for a moment.

"Why Ryoko?" It was all I had the strength to say.

"Why, I wanted to repay the kindness and give you the gift of pleasure for my stupidity." I pulled her closer and looked deep into her red eyes.

"Who taught you to dance?" She stiffened but didn't look away the pause seemed to last forever.

"I cannot tell you Kouryou." She flinched as I sat up and looked down at her. My shock must have pained her because she wept openly. 

"When you can tell me come back, until then leave." She dressed and her faerie like body was covered once more and she left without a word. 

"There is a cruel side to your nature Kouryou." Akira said without emotion. "But, you are a just man. You have the right to ask such a thing and it now falls on my cousin's shoulders to reveal or remain silent."

"Will you leave me?" I suddenly could not imagine my life without her. My heart tripped in my chest as I looked over at her.

"Leave you? I would sooner die than leave your side." I smiled and took her into my arms and kissed her fiercely. She returned my kiss with a matching passion. Olga stirred in her sleep and opened her eyes to see us kneeling near her feet.

"Did I miss something?" She asked groggily.

"Not much," I replied, "we are going to marry after the work on the dig is done." Akira looked at me a bit shocked but smiled and laid her head on my chest.

"Nice proposal Kouryou." She whispered for my ears only. "What do you think Olga?" She asked for all to hear.

"Think, I think we need to have a celebration." Olga said smiling and sitting up to stretch. She yawned as I moved over to kiss her cheek.

"I am glad you understand." She hugged me and winked.

"We can still get together until you get married, yes?" I looked over at Akira and she nodded.

"Even afterwards if he wishes. Lust and love are two different things." I looked at her stunned at the truth of her words. I indeed loved her but the accuracy of her words struck a deep chord. 

"You have the same freedom of course." She smiled but I felt that she might not take advantage of it. We cleaned up, dressed and walked to the mess tent with sidelong looks from many of the people walking thru the camp. Ryoko had been rather loud at the end there, so I just smiled and glowed with the aftereffects of my morning wakeup call. 

Otomba sat down at the bench where I was eating my breakfast. His deep voice carried a profound sadness, "Ryoko is not allowed to speak of these things to you, even were you her husband." 

"I recognized the steps from…before. Can you answer the question she cannot?" A painful expression crossed his face as he remembered my lover lost these many years.

"I wish I could help but even I may not speak of this thing, for that I am sorry. Richard my friend I was hoping you and Ryoko would one day wed but I fear that is not to happen." I pondered his words for a time as I finished my meal. 

"Otomba, your daughter is like a creature from another time. She is by far the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. But I do not love her and for that I am sorry." He actually smiled which surprised me.

"Perhaps in time, but no not now." He smiled again, "You will always be my friend you have lost so much and deserve what joy you get." I was relieved that our friendship was not compromised. I am sure the look of relief was evident because he actually laughed and placed a comforting hand on my shoulder. "Ryoko will always be there," his face took on a reflective expression, "she is so much like her mother in these things, determined and headstrong."

"I am sorry I never met her." I replied, "She sounds like a remarkable woman." A range of emotions crossed his face but the wistful look of love never truly faded.

"That she was, that she was. You better finish, your guide will be leaving soon for the dig site, you don't want to be late your first day on the job." He smiled, rose to his feet and left. I watched him leave the tent and knew today was going to be a long one. 

I went to my tent and found my gear packed and a pair of hiking boots next to my backpack. Whoever had done me the favor of packing my gear felt I would need the boots; only a fool discounts what is probably sound advice. Sitting on the cot I changed my shoes, slipped the backpack into place and took my walking stick in hand. I was ready to see this site for myself. Excitement mixed with a shadow of fear raced down my spine as I stepped out of my tent and noticed a small group gathering near the edge of the camp. I strolled up and recognized the group from the train along with two new faces. One was a stunning red head attired in safari green. The other was a native boy in his late teens that I guessed was our guide. 

"Professor," Akira broke the silence, "this is Doctor Emily O'Malley our mathematician." I took her hand and shook it as I gazed into her emerald green eyes.

"It's a pleasure to meet you at last," her Irish accent cut through me like a hot knife thru butter, "I have heard so much about you." She said. It took every ounce of control not to let my jaw drop and act civilized.

"The pleasure is all mine. I have read some of your papers on non-Euclidean geometry Doctor, impressive work to be sure."

"What's all this doctor nonsense, please call me Emily." She smiled brilliantly and I couldn't help but return her smile.

"Then you must call me Richard." I could hardly hear my words for the sound of my heart pounding in my ears.

"As long as I get to call you." She whispered as we turned our attention to our guide. My jaw finally dropped but Akira did me the favor of gently closing it for me.

"Honored guests," the young man greeted us, "I am Utulu and your humble guide. The dig is not far but the country can be a little tricky. The undergrowth will be heavy in spots but we have trailbreakers to help clear the way. They have already moved ahead of us so we should have a pretty easy go of it. If there are no problems we should arrive at the dig by sunset so let us get moving and stick close. He turned and led the way without another word. I let the ladies go ahead of me so I could get a good view of Emily's backside and it was fine indeed. For a world-renowned mathematician she was in excellent shape! 

The day seemed to blur on by as the jungle again gave way to the hot dry grasslands. We followed the path cut by the trailbreakers and walked thru the sea of golden blades. We rested twice because of the heat; I drank deep each time from my canteen. I spoke little conserving my strength for the rest of the trek. But the girls seemed to have boundless energy and chatted away switching languages as easily as one changes shoes. I would catch snatches of Russian or Japanese or what I presumed to be Gaelic. Each fluent in the others native tongue and every so often Emily would look back and smile at me like a lion assessing its next meal. I would smile back nervously being left out of the conversation and left to my own thoughts. The longer the day went on the more I relied on my walking stick. I was covered in sweat, but Emily, Akira and Olga wore their perspiration nicely as their clothing clung to every curve of their luscious bodies. 

We halted suddenly and Utulu addressed us once again. "We are nearly there we should be able to reach the bottom before nightfall so gather your strength and do not delay, they paths down can be treacherous in the dark." The group began to move and the grass suddenly gave way to open ground as the dig site was revealed. I stopped dead in my tracks, as did everyone else. The man made canyon was huge, a massive gash in the earth layered with played out diamond mines. I have heard of such places but the enormity of the thing was staggering made beautiful by the prismatic light of the dying sun. Before long we were winding down into the cool pit as we rounded a corner I could make out a wooden building at the very bottom. It looked tiny from our vantage point but steadily grew as we neared the floor. True to his word we reached the bottom just as the last failing light disappeared from the sky. I would hate to have to navigate the narrow trails by night; one false step and you'd be pitched into the canyon falling to your death. 

The three story wooden structure done in a Victorian style was painted a deep umber with bars over many of the windows. A tall Englishman dressed in jungle camouflage met us at the head of the trail; he escorted us to the base camp building in silence. It wasn't until we were settled that he spoke at all. 

"My name is Paul Anthony, I am the security officer for this dig. Anything and everything that comes out of any the site's various chambers will be documented and be placed in my safe keeping. The only exception to this rule," his eyes locked on me, "is professor Sterling." There were gasps and murmurs amidst those I knew and those already stationed here. "He has been given cart blanche in this matter. So if any of you have any questions talk to me." With that the meeting was over and I sat until only Paul and I remained.

"What's going on?" I asked. He reached into one of his many pockets and extracted a sealed envelope. I took, opened it and read the contents. The crisp handwriting on the page belonged to Professor Hyde-White and the words were chilling. 

'…Richard it is vital that you have complete access to all aspects of this project. I have given you administrative privileges in this matter so that you can piece this together. Why? It is because of the past that you are so loath to discuss. Paul will help you in this matter he has my complete confidence.'

The letter went on and on but it was clear the old man expected great things from me. I looked up from the letter and Paul handed me a color-coded key card.

"What is this?" 

"This is your security pass to the archives and the storeroom where most of the artifact are kept. Keep this safe it cannot be replaced." I took the card and placed it in my breast pocket. 

"Anything else I need to know?" He shrugged.

"I am giving a tour of the site in an hour, after that if you can think of anything just ask." I nodded 

Akira was waiting for me in the hall. She moved into my arms and laid her head on my chest my arms slipped around her instinctively. 

"What is going on Kouryou?" Her soft voice drifted up to me.

"I have history in this region of the world. Let's talk while we talk, we have a bit of time before the tour." She looked up and took up a position next to me. "It was over twenty years ago. I was a young art student studying woodworking and metal craft from the tribes in this area. I had already studied in Damascus under master black smiths and weapon smiths. My parents paid for my education and after Damascus I came here to South Africa. I met another student and we fell in love." Akira stroked my arm and I looked into her eyes there was understanding and not a hint of jealousy. "Her name was Amanda Clark." Suddenly her face popped into my mind's eye piercing the veil of space and time. The flash of gray eyes, her heart shaped face and button nose. I remembered the tilt of her head when she laughed at one of my stupid jokes or the sound of her voice when we made love. I could almost feel the silky touch of her skin, her breasts and the way she felt wrapped around me. "I fell hard and fast for her. She was driven to know, secrets were her drug of choice and she had the dizzying intellect to solve nearly any conundrum. And that is what led to her untimely end." Akira looked curiously at me I continued. "There was a storm…"

I awoke to Amanda's face over me. "It's time to go." She dragged me to my feet and I dressed in a sleepy fog.

"Amanda what's going on?" I jumped at the peel of thunder like the voice of god loud and deafening. She smiled and counted silently three seconds later a flash of lightning lit my room with a pure white blaze. 

"Come on time is running out!" I followed her down the stairs and into the storm. The rain was falling in moving walls of water that shifted direction without warning but Amanda seemed impervious. I wished I shared her immunity but I had to shoulder myself thru the wind and rain as she led me into the jungle. The trees offered a bit of protection but clearings bore the full fury of the storm. I pulled her close pressing my lips to her ear to be heard.

"Where are we going?" She simply smiled and waved me on thru the torrent and flares. The ground began to rise steadily and became rockier. I was thankful for the relief the new terrain provided and barely had the sense of mind to notice markings on the stonework we were racing past. They were similar to those still being used by some of the tribes I studied with yet more complex. Like a parent tongue etched there for anyone to see and Amanda had found it! "I need to rest." Amazingly she heard me and nodded. "How did you find these?" She smiled and handed me a key on a chain.

"This opens my foot locker, the answer lies there. I want you to have it all." She rose and smiled a flash of lightning illuminated her features giving her an almost fevered gleam in her eyes. I slipped the chain around my neck and felt its chilling weight. Not another word passed between us until we arrived at the steps. The scale of the construction was all wrong, too large for humans and the aging pictographs told their story as we descended.

"What is this place?" I knelt on one of the steps and saw a line of glyphs framing the pictograph; they were etched into the living stone black on black. I traced some of them and I almost made a connection. It was like a blind person reading brail, my fingers seemed to recognize on some level the sound of each symbol and tried to whisper it to me but it was just below my hearing threshold. Amanda watched looking up from two steps below.

"The stone is speaking to you." It wasn't a question it was fact. "This is holy ground Richard, this is where advanced humans were born." I was stunned by the revelation because deep down inside I knew somehow that she was right. Finally the steps ended and the ebony door stood before us…

"I fled the sanctuary up the stairs into the storm, I never saw her again." We ended our walk outside where a group was gathering for the tour of the dig site. Akira stood quietly for a long moment.

"What was in the foot locker?" Her voice was level and controlled.

"An old leather bound book and her translation of the work. There was also a sketchbook with some very 'unique' work within." 

"O.K. people let's get moving." Peter's voice drew me from my reverie. I squeezed Akira's hand. We walked hand in hand towards an electric tram and took a seat near the back. Emily sat just ahead of us she looked over her shoulder and winked. The tram began its journey over the rough ground. The redhead rose in her seat and turned around facing us. She had adjusted her shirt having undone the last three and top three buttons and tied it under her quite ample chest. The effect left little to the imagination and she seemed quite happy to tease me as they jiggled in time with the tram's meandering passage. Akira's hand settled between my legs feeling my growing hardness at the stimulating view of the fiery Irish lass' jiggling breasts. Emily's eyes watched as my flesh grew harder with the one two combination. She licked her lips and looked at Akira who nodded, with a fluid motion the redhead slipped back into our seat positioning herself so I was between them.

Peter drove the tram up a wooden ramp and into the abandoned mine. The rough-hewn rock was poorly illuminated by the tram's headlight as we traveled into the bowels of the earth. In the darkness I felt two hands in my crotch and soon my hardness was exposed to the chilly air of the dig. Shortly after that a hot wet mouth wrapped around the tip and I knew without a doubt it was Emily. Her technique was different and oh her yearning was fierce. She deepthroated me with abandon and her head was soon bobbing up and down fast and hard on my length. She reached up and took my hand and placed it on her head. My fingers laced in her hair and I began to dictate her speed and depth of her very talented tongue and mouth. 

Deeper and deeper we traveled and the vibration of the pitted passage translated into my bones jarring my teeth delivering a deep ache throughout my body and nearly gagging the lovely redhead. I was so close to climaxing I was slamming her head up and down as the tram slowed. Akira watched with a glitter of unveiled lust in her eyes. My fingers became a fist as my toes curled in an amazing orgasm. 
