 The skies grow dark as black clouds swarm over the horizon. 

Inside the stone castle, sounds of pang and thrashing ensue.

The kingdom is in peril, for the Princess has been kidnapped and brought to the unholy Castle Gravul. The central chamber resonates with the sound of the Princess in distress, calling out to anyone who could hear her. She is firmly secured to a wooden X, leather clasps holding her against her will.

Her wrists and ankles struggle, trying to somehow undo them before the eclipse.

The Princess knows of the legend, the legend of the Castle.

She knows that if she does not escape, a power unlike no other will be released into the world and the dark emperor would surely rule over all the land.

As darkness builds, she sees a form reveal itself from behind the shadows...

A tall, hooded figure emerges...

"The time of the eclipse is almost upon us Princess, and I know you must be anxious to see what happens..."

"Let me go you beast, I shall have you bested as soon as I am set free from this accursed state of bondage! You dare hold the Princess of the kingdom against her will, you will have hell to answer..."

The hooded figure leans forward, his large frame casting a shadow upon the bound princess as he leans forward to whisper gently to the side of her neck...

"hush little princess, I would not think of harming you, something so exquisite as you..."

He trails his hand over her face, 

"Such beauty..." over her smooth and slender neck "such grace..."

Grazing the top of her bosom ever so slightly, curving down to faux cup her generous mounds, only to cruelly tease her delicate buds by almost converging at them and not gripping.

The princess's breathing turns to unsettled gasps as she is taken aback by this perverted gesture, she prepares herself to curse this wretched sorcerer.

But as she is about to do so, the sorcerer, takes off his shroud.

A dark, yet appeasing face greets her. Long black hair, slicked back and dark eyes, unfazed, gazing into hers as his lips contort to a smile that is wicked.

"I did not wish for you to be offended milady, simply that you understand the gravity of your situation and position. You are completely under my power, and there is nothing you can say or do that can change that."

The look on his face was of calm consideration... Like he knew something she didn't. The dark lord, takes out a long dagger from his waistband and raises it toward the heavens.

He brings it to her face. The glistening steel, reflecting her beautiful brown eyes...

The cold metal traces the outline of her bountiful curves, along her bosom, her shapely waist and between her voluptuous hips, making her gasp.

He moves it swiftly to the side, and before she knew what had happened, his cloak falls to the floor, revealing his bare upper body.

The princess stared vehemently at this striking man. His broad shoulders, with well developed muscles and thickset barrel chest, all tapering down to a narrow and gentile, firm abdomen... For a moment she, almost forgot about the fact that she is fastened securely to this wooden X. The dark lord, aware of this, leans forward once again, and whispers in her ear, his large hands caressing her shapely thigh...

"As the red moon covers the blackened sun, so shall I be upon you, as you will willingly give yourself to me... 

In body,

In spirit,

And in mind."

"Never..." moans the princess, as his lips touch against her quivering neck... "I would die before..." she sighs, as his hands find their way to her most intimate place...

"At the time of Celestial Convergence, you will cum for me, and at that moment, I will fulfill the prophecy..."

He brings the dagger up again, and with one swift movement, puts it back in it's scabbard. 

The princess's royal gown drops to the side for the lord had expertly sliced through them... 

And there she lies now, in her most basic underclothes, tied up to a wooden X, the emperor of darkness perseveres. Their moist tongues now dancing, while his soft lips suckle on her tender lower lip. 

As if he knew from instinct, he begins running his hand between her legs, discovering a mischievous confession. 

She is enjoying this.

The dark lord's hands go to her full luscious breasts, and begins to knead them to his whim. The taut buds beneath the soft fabric of her underclothes pulsate with every embrace, throbbing to be given attention of their own... Their hardening makes them far too conspicuous, poking out defiantly.

"No... you fiend... stop this instant.."

The princess moans through a surge of pleasure shooting through her trembling body, as the dark lord pulls the steel out once again.

The hilt of the knife is now stained with the juices from the lord's finger, the princess's loins betraying her words...

He hooks the tip of the dagger against the ivory undercloth, just between the part of her breasts, and pulls.

And just like that, the princess is done naked.

The cold stony castle, with a princess lain bare, her full breasts with proud tips jutting forwards...

Long shapely legs that glimmer, the red moon's light dancing off it's gorgeous surface.

Her moist womanhood, with a soft luscious fuzz adorning it...

The dark lord knew then that hour has almost arrived, he kissed the princess now, with a passion of a thousand seas and the warmth of the awakened sun...

He undo's her leather restraints, holds her tender body in his arms, and carries her to the ceremonial stone tablet of Castle Gravul.

He sets her down upon it, and stares intently into her eyes... eyes now ablaze with the rage of lust. He grasps the edge of his ceremonial robe, and pulls the string, as it undrapes to reveal his magnificent throbbing wand...

Around 7 inches long, hard and thick, it pulsated, reflecting the beat of his deviant heart. He climbs upon the altar, and with her head in his hands, gazes deep into her eyes, almost peering into her soul. He speaks to her now...

"Give into your carnal desire lady Su, you know the hour is upon us... Don't you feel it?" he asks, gently prodding her secret lips with the tip of his engorged member...

She, unable to speak, mumbles incoherently, trying to resist the urge to take his thick manhood into her, fulfilling her carnal desires...

He presses on, now moving it up and down, gently along the slit of her glistening labia... she succumbs, biting down on her lower lip and shaking her head up and down wildly screaming:

"YES! FUCK ME YOU ANIMAL!! TAKE ME LIKE A CONCUBINE AND MAKE ME FEEL LIKE A WOMAN!! FUCK ME AND FILL ME WITH YOUR SEED, AND TOGETEHR WE SHALL RULE THE ARISEN DARK KINGDOM TOGETHER FOR ETERNITY!"

The lord knew that for the celestial convergence to occur, the Princess must consent... and albeit the crass release, she had given it to him. The dark emperor, looks to the bloody eclipse above him, buckles her hips forward and thrusts his hard cock into her.

She gasps as his magic lovestick, reaches in and penetrates her unexplored netehers... Her frail fingers could only reach so far in the past, giving her only a fading glimpse of what she was experiencing at the moment. His strokes were, long, deep and with intent, and with much passion to make her drip all over the stone talisman beneath her.

As he slammed his cock into her, his hard pelvis hitting her pubis, rocking her to ecstacy, he lifts up her legs, and closes them in front, making her pussy converge even tighter...

The sudden increase in tension makes her sqeal a little, but, the momentary harshness, gives way to a wave of pleasure, as his hard manhood now caressed her sensitive inside, at that special spot, pulling it in a "come hither" fashion...

And every subsequent lightning bolt of a stroke continually hit her there, her eyes rolling backward, showing whites from the unrelenting gratification...

The dark lord, now sensing this, flips her over and shackles her arms and legs to the tablet. He takes her from behind, reaching around her arched back to caress her voluptuous breasts, ploughing into her like an animal. He buries his face in her dark auburn hair, as they form the so-called beast with two backs...

"GIVE IT TO ME LORD OF DARKNESS!"

She screams as she nears climax,

"GIVE ME MY FILL OF YOUR SEED! I WANT IT INSIDE ME, ON ME AND OVER ME!!

Drape me in your sweet cum so that I may lather it upon my every orifice... Let me slide my fingers o'er my skin so it may drizzle and drip off it and onto my eager tongue... I want to relish the musky flavor of your true raw essence...

MAKE ME YOUR CUM SLUT SUCCUBUS, NOW UNTO ETERNITY!"

And the dark lord obliges, flipping her over, unshackling her as he does this.

He climaxes, just as she does, and fills her womanhood with his hot fluid seed.. 

He pulls out, looks at the red eclipse above and howls, and shoots the rest of his cum, showering her in pristine white fluid... 

Horns poking from his brow now, and a tail growing out behind him... 

Over her face, her luscious breasts, her soft stomach and on her alluring fuzz, writing his name upon her womanhood in ancient Gaelic as he does...

Both of them, now exhausted, now lie with their backs to the tablet, look upon the blackening sky, as they embrace each other, waiting for the emergence of the new world order...

It is the time of the Dark King, and she is to be his Queen, she acknowledges this to herself as she lets drip a singular droplet of his cum onto her awaiting tongue... 

And together they will rule the lands, the Dark Queen and her mate the Dark Lord of the Night... now and forever, till the end of nights, for the next 10,000 years.