 They had been dating for over a month. He had done everything right as far as he knew. Every time he picked her up she lit up like a Christmas tree so glad to see him it made him melt.

She was soft and well spoken, always dressed fashionably and walked along side him proudly making him feel like a king with his queen.

Tonight he had his annual banquet for over achievers at a fancy ballroom in town and as par usual she was his date.

He arrived to pick her up and as he was one of the *recipients * of the evening he felt it appropriate to buy her a corsage...he knew how she loved little thoughts and this orchid was perfect.

He let himself in after ringing the front bell and could here her humming to herself as she finished dressing. Like a gentleman he remained downstairs and waited for her *entrance* which proved to be worth waiting for.

She stepped elegantly down the stairs all dressed in black, not everyone's favorite color but for tonight very appropriate. Her chestnut curls pull up on her head with stray pieces hanging around her neck, dangling as did the tiny diamond earrings from her ear lobes. The matching necklace around that delectable neck only added to her beauty and that dress...oh that dress. He could only shake his head and moan as he looked at her body as this little black velvet cocktail dress hugged her every curve. She stepped off the bottom stair and smile like a little school girl biting her bottom lip nervously as she spread her arms eloquently and turned around slowly. The dress came to just above her knees and with sheer black silk stockings and the perfect black pumps and little black evening bag she was a vision.

He walked up to her and took her hand in his and kissed her wrist before sliding the corsage over her well manicured fingers and then leaning in and kissing her lips softly. He helped her on with her wrap and opened the door with dramatic poise and waved his hand like a doorman bowing to royalty. 

At the dinner party the champagne flowed like water to which they consumed very little. She stuck to his side almost childlike and nervous. He kept his arm around her waist as if glued there knowing she was the most gorgeous woman in the room, even if only in his eyes, but not wanting to let her out of his sight. The evening went without a hitch and the presentations were made in casual order with little hoopla as if there were no reason to be considered special or extra ordinary at all. But in her eyes he was her hero. A man who still looked so young,to have achieved so much in a world so unpredictable was an achievement in itself. After dinner and some more mingling they excused themselves early and he whispered...lets go back to your place and celebrate this further and she smiled, blushing, thinking *perfect*. 

Once back at her place he removed his shoes and without missing a beat she took his hand and led him upstairs. He tried to look innocent and questioned her saying in a mock voice *Mrs Robinson?...are you trying to seduce me?* She laughed and whispered *why?...is it working?*. She left him at the door to her bedroom and told him to stay there for a minute and he watched her walk around the four poster canopy bed slowly lighting numerous candles and then returning to turn off the light. She asked him to unzip her dress and he did real slow as he saw the strap to her black bra and the lace to the black french cut panties. He turned her around and before he knew it he felt something cold on his hand and a *click*. 

He looked down and saw the handcuffs and giggled nervously. She led him by the metal trap over to the bed and lifted his hand up to meet the rail of the black iron bed and hung the other handcuff over the top and pulled his other hand up over his head and it too became trapped. Her dress slid slowly to the floor as he saw that incredible body being unwrapped before him. He took a deep *gulp*, not being able to touch her. She walked around to the other side of the bed and opened a drawer and took out a navy blue piece of silk and crawled seductively across the bed on her hands and knees and pulled herself slowly up his body as sweat formed on his forehead. She whispered softly as she kiss him tenderly. *trust me* and with that she blindfolded him... He had never seen this part of her before...the controlling part and wasn't sure if he liked it or not. It was a strange feeling being so *out of control* not knowing what to expect.

He closed his eyes and tried to relax under the cool soft silk binding his eyes. He moved his hands to hold the cold rail of the canopy bed thinking...I might as well be comfortable if I can't do anything else. He felt her heat, her breath, he suspected as she seductively licked his neck. He could smell her, the almond scent of her lotion always drove him crazy. She fought with his tie and finally pulled it off. slowly she undid each button on his shirt and made love to his chest with her soft warm lips. She dragged her tongue across his chest slowly circling his nipples and chewing on them gently. He could feel the wisps of hair graze his stomach as she moved down his quivering body. 

Suddenly he felt burning, no not burning, freezing cold and he tightened every muscle in his body as something dripped on his stomach. He jumped as she followed that cold drip with her tongue and drank it from his abdomen with her mouth. Another drip and then another as she chased it with tongue across the waist of his pants and let her tongue dart under the still done up pants. then there was nothing and he nervously moaned wandering what she was doing. He felt her push against his legs gently and he stepped back as if on queue. he felt her talented fingers undoing his pants and the trousers fell to the floor.

He stepped out of them.

He felt her breath once again this time against his legs, his inner legs, her tongue never touched him but her breath and the softness of her lips dragged the hair of his thighs as her face passed over them. OH MY GOD he thought, what an incredible feeling. I know she is there, but she isn't touching me he said to himself. he wanted to pull her to him and hold her face against his throbbing member he wanted to scream GOD SUCK ME but he didn't dare, God he wanted her to help him get some relief. She slid down his boxers as he moaned in embarrassment as she saw him. Hard, oozing precummmmmm she smiled to herself. God she wanted him but she wanted him to wait...she licked her lips and thought to herself...*what would he do if she gave him the most incredible blow job he had ever had?...to be continued...if you dare