 You open the door and step in. The space is dark except for the bare light bulb hanging in the middle of it. This is your target, your stage. Nobody has told you this but you feel it. Instinct tells you there is safety in the light and in the darkness you feel you must reach it. As you move across the space your heels click on the floor. They are pencil thin and sky high. Your steps are hobbled by the steep incline of the arch. You feel naked and vulnerable as you cross the darkness, like a rabbit knowing that a predator is close. You feel a chill and goose bumps form on your skin, even though the air is warm and comfortable. You reach the center and stand beneath the bare bulb. Knowing that I am there watching, observing.

It is dead silent as you peer into the darkness. The thought crosses your mind; maybe I am toying with you, maybe I am not here at all. As doubt starts to enter your mind, and as you start to turn your head you hear my voice "Who gave you permission to move." At once you head snaps straight ahead and you freeze. You hear me get up from what sounds like a folding chair and begin to move closer to you. "On the floor" You drop to your hands and knees. 

The corset makes this move difficult, graceless, and you hope I didn't notice you're clumsy, jerky descent to the floor. You keep you head level and don't look up. You watch as my boots draw closer. The toecaps are like mirrors you stare into them as they reflect your beautifully made up face and hair. You watch as the boots start to disappear from your view. I am walking around you, inspecting you. You feel your flesh bubble as my eyes run from one end of your body to the other. There on your knees, the under breast corset squeezing your midsection into a delicate wasp shape, pushing the rest of your flesh into the classic feminine form. Full breasts and rounded ass slipping out of the top and bottom of the restrictive garment.

You feel the tang of leather as the tip of my riding crop glides down the base of your neck and along the lacing of the corset and into the crack of your ass. My footsteps have stopped and you sense that I am standing behind you. You feel yourself getting wet knowing how sexy you must look. You feel the tip of my crop now inside your thighs tapping them, wordless commanding you to open you legs and let me view you in your completeness. I can see your bald pussy, glistening, the wetness, running down your thighs. 

"Hold yourself open." I hiss. You reach back with one hand and with your forefinger and ring finger you unfold the lips of your pussy. Your middle finger hovers above your clit hoping I order you to touch the swollen nub. You look glorious, your delicate manicured fingertips holding back the pink wet flesh. The flow of your wetness having been disturbed by the introduction of your hand having nowhere else to go now dripping on to the floor, pooling. 

You feel the tip of my crop now stroking your clit. I watch as your hips rotate every so slightly hoping I will not notice, silently praying that I will not discipline you for this infraction. Hoping I will let you come. Hoping that I will let you satisfy me. I hear your breath getting raspy, I can't see, but I know your eyes are screwed tight shut and your mouth is hanging open, the blood red lips forming a perfect circle. I am stroking you with the short firm whip, the leather of the shaft soaked in your juices, watching your back rise and fall. The beads of sweat start forming as you balance yourself on one arm. I know you want to cum, need to cum. You are so close. Your whole world has been reduced to this one single event. Nothing else exists or matters, only this is real.

Suddenly, without warning, the leather stops caressing your clit. You become very scared, fearful I will not make you or let you cum. You are terrified I will leave you in the highly aroused state, kneeling half naked on the floor in the darkness, panting. In this instant you realize you are my toy, my pet, my plaything. It excites you and revolts you at the same time. 

The crop is retracted from your slit and you hear my boots making their way around the rest of your body, in a slow deliberate pace. You don't move. You hold still waiting for me to say something. Again you see your own face in the reflection of my boots. Your eyes look crazed and you don't seem to have the same polished look as when we started. I crouch down and take your face in my hands. I tilt it up you find yourself looking directly into my cold blue eyes. "You want to cum" I ask. You nod meekly. "Tell you what, we are going to play a little game".

Your eyes get wide; you've heard this before, you know any infraction to my rules will mean no release. I stand up and unbutton the fly of my pants. You watch with anticipation as the head of my cock emerges. "Up on your knees." 

You hurry your knees. You're at eye level with my cock. You watch as I lick my forefinger and thumb then wrap them around the shaft and start pulling the meat of my cock up and down the length of it. 

"You want to cum?" I ask, knowing the answer. You nod again. "OK, lets make this interesting. Open your mouth." You open your mouth and anticipate me placing my cock in it but I stand just out of reach. Confused you look at me for direction. Still stroking myself I say, "We are going to play a game. I am going to let you finger yourself but in return you have to hold your mouth open wide enough to allow me to put my cock in it without any part of your mouth touching it. If I feel your tongue, lips or any part of your mouth this ends. Are we clear?" 

Without a word you open your mouth. You stretch your jaws wide and I watch as your lips curl all the way up. I step up and place the very tip of my cock in your mouth and continue to stroke myself. This signals you to start fingering yourself. Your eyes show relief as your clit is getting the stimulation it hungered for. You are careful not to touch my cock. It's like a perverse game of "Operation" and my cock is the buzzer.

You bury your middle finger deep in your pussy. The walls sucking on it like a mouth. Your thumb is grinding your clit in tight little circles. I can hear the wet sounds your fingers are making in your crotch and the far away look in your eyes as you feel this much release building. Yet part of you holds on to reality and continues to play the game. You taste and feel cum leaking from the head of my cock and falling on your tongue. You think, "I am not going to fail. I am going to please him." This is the final thought as your pussy explodes in violentorgasm. 

Yet your desire to please me keeps your mouth wide open fighting the primal desire to close around my cock or pull off and scream. As your orgasm finish you realize I am no longer in your mouth. You are on your knees. Both arms are beneath you your ass high the air. You feel me behind you, rubbing the head of my cock in the slit of your well-spent pussy, lubing myself. Your interests peaks as I place the head of my cock directly over the mouth of your cunt and your body tenses I am impale you with a single thrust. It feels like hot oil as my cock travels to the core of your body. 

I can feel the walls pushing aside, allowing me passage. I bottom out as my shaved balls collide with your outer lips. Slowly I start moving; sawing in and out enjoying the sensation feeling my own orgasm building. Your body moves in concert with mine. Your breathing is in tune with filling and vacating of your pussy. You feel the shaft in you getting harder and you know I am going to flood you soon. Sensing myself getting close I begin to pound you, rapidly entering and withdrawing in you. You feel the head buried so deep in you begin to grow larger, filling you, stretching you to capacity. You feel like it has grown twice the size from when I first started. It feels lodged, stuck, you are afraid if I withdraw your insides will be tugged out with this massive head. You feel my hands on your hips pushing and pulling you with every thrust and you know I am close. From inside you feel the giant head split open like the mouth of a serpent and your feel the floodgates open as I cum and cum and cum. Still I am thrusting as I collapse on your back.

We lay in a puddle of sweat and cum for what seems forever, me still inside you until finally I withdraw and roll you over and kiss you. You lay still and I stroke your face. A smile forms on your lips from my actions you realize that you have pleased me.