 How does a miniskirt, heels, and darts figure together?

Well a couple of years ago my now exboyfriend wanted me to come over. We thought it would be hot if we setup something like a booty call. So I came over to his house wearing a super short hot pink skirt. Actually the "skirt" was a tube top, so as a skirt it went from my waist to barely cover my ass. On top I wore a sleeveless deep vneck black shirt. 

He opened the door and was speechless seeing me dressed like that. I walked past him. I sat on a chair in the kitchen and asked him what he wanted to do. He just shrugged and looked at me. I spread my legs and leaned forward with hands on my knees.

"I'm sure you can think of something, Michael."

He just kept staring at me.

"Why are you looking at me like that? Do you like how my hair is curled?"

"Uh...no... its just that.... eh... ummm..... Jennifer, you look so... slutty..."

"Oh yeah... well thats what I was hoping for. This is what you wanted right?"

"Yeah but I can't believe you actually did it. I feel overdressed." He was wearing jeans and the F&M tshirt I bought for him when we first started dating. I love how soft it is from being washed over and over.

"Are you nervous? About it not being anything romantic? Just straight fucking and then I go home? I know it's different, but we both want this, right?"

"Uh.... yeah" he said with some hesitation.

"Tell you what baby. Lets go in the basement and play darts. That always relaxes you." And with that I walk past the den and open the door to the basement. He just stands there and continues to stare at me.

"Jesus, what now, Michael??"

"Your skirt... I can see your ass cheeks, Jennifer."

"Hahaha... you say that like it's a bad thing. C'mon. Let's go." I lead him into the basement. "Shall we place a wager as usual?"

"Uh, sure. Each round I win, you strip. If I win the game you bend over and don't ask questions."

"Fair enough," I say smiling. 

We begin the game and he goes first. Michael is an avid dart player so all three of his darts land very close to the bullseye. I'm not a bad player myself, but it's time to turn up the heat a little.

I step up to the line and throw lightly so that it bounces off the board and falls to the concrete floor. I do the same thing with the next two. I seductively shift my hips.

"I guess my game isn't too good today," I comment with a mischievous gleam in my eyes. I walk slowly to the board to retrieve my darts, making sure to exaggerate the sway of my hips with each step. When I reach the board, I bend over at the waist oh so slowly to pick up each dart. This totally exposes my pussy to him a mere three feet away.

I hear him gasp as he realizes that I'm not wearing any panties. Not even a thong.

I raise my head and turn around to look at him. "I guess you win this round."

"Yeah. Strip!"

I walk back to where he's standing. I pull my shirt over my head and seductively rub my tits against his chest. And so the game continues. He wins each round and is rewarded with me flashing my bare, smooth shaven pussy when I go to pick up my fallen darts in addition to more clothing being removed. By the third and final round I'm totally naked except for my three inch heels.

I walk up to him and rub my naked body up and down against his, which is still fully clothed. Without him having to remind me, I turn around and grind my ass into his crotch. I can feel how hard he is. I sigh softly in anticipation, bending over at the waist slowly.

He thrusts two fingers into my pussy, which is dripping wet. He moves them in and out fast, making me pant. He knows I love to have my pussy fingered like that. His fingers disappear for a moment and I hear him unzipping his jeans. then I feel his thick cock dive into my juicy pussy.

"Ungh... put your hands against the wall, Jennifer.... yeah like that... god your pussy feels so good."

He reaches around to pinch my nipples hard and before I know it I'm cumming in spasms all over his hard cock, squirting so much I feel it running down my thighs. 

"Ohhhhhhh.... yesssss.... Tell me how good it feels, Michael! Fuck me harder, baby!" It's a good thing we're in the basement and the neighbors cannot hear us moaning and groaning.

He thrusts deep one last time, and I feel his cock throbbing, spurting his cum into me. Still buried inside me, he rests his chest on my back for a few minutes. 

When our breathing returns to normal, I pull away from him. I quickly put my clothes back on and walk back upstairs, leaving him in the basement. I yell down the stairs, "I'll call you tomorrow."

As I drive back to campus, I feel his cum leaking out of my messy pussy and wonder how I'm going to explain the stain on the seat of my roommate's car.