 They got back in the car and headed to headquarters. She parked in front and headed to the door. Steve instructed her what needed to happen. Inside he turned and headed down the administration wing and she headed upstairs to the homicide division.

He walked into the chiefs' office. The secretary looked at him warily and asked if she could help. Without a word he walked past her and into the office. She leapt up and followed him in, yammering about trespassing and calling an officer. A startled look raced across the Chief's face...

"Hello Steve. It's been a while. Its ok Rachel."

She left and Steve closed the door.

"What's up Steve? I hear you have had a little trouble."

Without a word Steve tossed the sheaf of papers onto the desk.

"See those highlighted names on that list. That is yours in yellow. That is the members list of the Dashwood Group. That is where my wife was found murdered. In the last 24 hours, my house has been bombed, my partners house has been vandalized and I am not sure that IAD isn't tailing me. Would you like to explain what the fuck is going on and why a group of people that you are associated with have a dungeon in the basement of a building downtown? If this group is behind this, you are fucked Randy. I have known you a long time. I trained you on the streets. I knew you were an up and comer and I was right, but I never figured you for this shit."

The chief wore a sickened look.

"Honest to god Steve, I don't think any of our people are behind this."

"Randy, that is horse shit. I asked for a subpoena to get this list and the judge gave it to me. Within an hour of it being served another judge quashes the subpoena and when I get the list guess whose name I find this list as well. Someone calls off the search of the building where my wife was murdered and I find out it was orders from your office. What was in that building someone didn't want to be found? The coroner had no more filled out the body tag in the morgue and IAD is in my office accusing me of the murder. The detectives had not even had time to file their preliminary reports. You want to explain this all to me Randy. It sure is coincidental isn't it?"

The Chief's eyes darted back and forth like a trapped animal.

"Steve, look, there are people involved here who are very sensitive to this kind of information getting out. You understand."

"I understand this Randy. I have copies of this stuff scattered all over town in safe places, I have it in digital format in another 3 or 4. If I don't start getting answers, I am going to start letting the press have this stuff."

"What do you want?"

Steve pointed to a handwritten list of names on the bottom of one page.

"I want to talk privately with these people"

The Chief scanned the marked names on the list.

"Fuck Steve. You don't ask much do you?"

"Those are the people whose names are all over the paperwork on this trust and this group. I want some answers. You make it happen or I am going to blow this whole fucking town wide open. Oh, and if anyone tosses another bomb my way, they better not fucking miss, because my next stop is to find you."

He turned and walked out the door without saying another word. At the car he moved up the block and found a place, out of sight of the main door to the headquarters but where he could see who was coming and going.

A half hour later he saw Rafferty come out and walk to the car. He stepped out, motioned to her and then stepped back behind the bushes. She joined him.

"What the hell did you do? About 15 minutes ago all hell broke loose upstairs. Stu's phone started ringing and the IAD guys all got phone calls. They immediately packed up their crap and vacated the office. Stu came out looking at little green. He said to tell you that anything you need, any support, information, backup you could have it."

He grinned.

"We have set a fire that is going to smoke out the weasel in the den."

They spent the afternoon shopping. He picked up a new laptop and some fresh clothes. She needed clothes as well and some toiletries. By late afternoon they were headed toward another hotel. He assured her this one was a bit nicer.

He directed her into the back door of the parking garage and up to the very top floor. They parked the car, got their gear and made for the elevator. It was a much nicer place. She could see that from the lobby. When he returned with the key he ushered her into the elevator. At the very top they exited the elevator. He led her to a door, ran the keycard through the slot and pushed the door open. This room was as elegant as the one last night have been a pit. She walked in and looked around in awe. There were two king sized beds.

She swiveled to look into his face.

"How much did this cost?"

"Don't worry, my wife is paying for it."

She frowned.

"Isn't that fraud?"

"Only if you get caught."

He tossed the bags of stuff he had purchased onto the bed and sprawled out in the recliner. 

"I am still exhausted. I am going to bed early and not getting up until late. Right now I am ordering room service. What do you want?"

She was incredulously.

"You really are nuts."

"Better to be nuts that dead."

She studied the menu and, after a few minutes, told him what to order for dinner. When he was done, he opened the minibar and pulled out two cold beers, handing one of them to her.

"We might as well enjoy ourselves tonight. We may not have a chance for a while."

She face turned solemnly and she saw him grin.

"Just exactly what do you have in mind?".

"Jesus! Lighten up Rafferty. I'm not going to ravage you. If you don't learn to take a joke you will end up like me, broke, alone and homeless."

He took a long pull from the beer, turned and grabbed the remote from the night stand and turned on the big screen TV. It didn't take him long to find a premium movie and they settled into watch. Dinner arrived and by then the mood was considerably lighter thanks, in part, to the beer.

They finished the movie and Steve went to the bathroom. When he came back he was in his boxers.

"I'm going to bed. If you want to watch TV help yourself. It won't bother me."

He crawled into the king-sized bed, turned off the nightstand light, made sure the Glock was within reach and was soon snoring lightly. She sat on her bed with the lights out, finishing the last of her beer. She set beer on her night stand, crawled under the covers. She lay quietly, staring at the wall, lost in thought.

He woke the next morning wrapped around something warm, soft and cuddly. He didn't open his eyes, he just smiled and enjoyed the sensation. She was spooned into him with her back to his chest. Her head was laying on one of his arms and his other arm was around her. It had been a long time since he had enjoyed waking up this way. He decided to savor it while he could. He fully expected that there would be an explosion of arms, legs and cursing when she woke and figured out where she was.

They lay for nearly an hour like that. He was content to just enjoy the good bed and the proximity of a beautiful woman. He felt her stir and prepared himself for the worst. He felt her move and, to his surprise, she pulled his hand closer to her and snuggled back a bit further. 

Minutes later she rolled over and smiled at him.

"I hope you don't mind. After all that has happened, I was needing to be close to someone."

"How old are Rafferty."

"28"

He did the quick mental math.

"Well, at least I am not quite old enough to be your father."

She laughed and rolled away from him. Standing she stretched sensuously, much to his delight. 

"So what is the plan partner or are we just going to hold up here until something develop?"

"Well, until I get some phone calls there is nothing else to do. If what I started yesterday doesn't flush some things out of the dark corners, then we are back to square one."

She nodded. 

"I am going to take a shower. Breakfast here or do we go out."

He considered the room.

"Here. I'm comfortable and there is nothing we need right now I don't think?"

"OK, I will be done in a jiff. Order breakfast. I could eat a horse."

He dialed room service and soon had breakfast on its way. While she showered, he started coffee and turned on the TV to the local morning news show. There didn't seem to be much happening. He poured two cups of coffee, picked them up and went to the bathroom door and knocked with his knee.

"If you will crack the door, I have coffee."

The door came open and she was standing there naked, wet and smiling. The nearly coffee sloshed in the cups, not quiet spilling.

"What the . . .?"

She reached for the coffee and pushed the door closed. He stood open mouthed. He stumbled back to the recliner in a daze.

She came wearing a dark skirt and white blouse. Her hair pulled back into a low loose ponytail. She poured herself another cup of coffee and calmly looked at him.

"Your coffee is getting cold."

Still dazed, he looked down at the forgotten cup and blinked his eyes.

He silent through breakfast answering her questions on monosyllables. He pushed his plate away his expression intense.

"What the hell was that about in the bathroom?"

"I wanted a cup of coffee."

"Don't bullshit me. You could have taken the coffee through the door. You did that deliberately."

She took a swallow of orange juice, her eyes focused on him over the rim of the glass.

"Your right."

"Well?"

"Are you objecting to it?"

"Hell no, but just what kind of message are you trying to send me. I don't want to read it the wrong way."

She leaned forward, her voice dropping in pitch and tone, becoming sultry and enticing.

"After you went to sleep last night I lay awake a long time thinking. I watched you in the office a long time before this thing happened. You know you have one hell of a reputation on the department. I knew all about your record before I got there. Two citations for bravery, a meritorious valor medal for saving another officers life, two time department shooting champion, and, by all accounts, the best homicide detective that the force has seen. The only thing missing were a couple of promotions. Why?"

"I don't like brass and I like what I do. But what does this have to do with flashing your tits at me in the bathroom."

Surprise showed on her face.

"Steve, you are a brave hard working cop, you are a brilliant detective, but you suck at life."

"Just what the hell are you driving at."

"Any other man would have taken the opportunity for some grieving widower sex when he was given the opportunity. You have acted the chivalrous knight for the last week with me. At first I thought it was professional courtesy. Then I thought maybe you were just overcome with grief. Now I think you are just to fucking stupid to see what the signals."

Jos face registered sudden understanding. She recognized the expression and came around the table. Leaning down and she cradled his face in her hands and kissed him. It was a long, sensuous, deep kiss. He slipped his arms around her and drug her over the arm of the chair into his lap. 

She lay in his lap, eyes glistening. 

"I am glad you finally got the message you thick skulled ass."

A grin split his face.

"I guess I could have gotten the room with one bed, huh?"

She burst out laughing.