 Hmmm, ok, I have never let strangers read my stuff, so please be kind! 



My insides are a huge knot of nerves as I wait for him to turn up, the glass of wine I had to relax me has turned into half a bottle. It's cold out here, talking to him, waiting for him to drive past and park up, my nipples have reacted, getting hard under my top, I wonder if he will notice, if I will want him to notice. I nearly tell him they are hard as we talk on the phone, decide against it. 

I see headlights and know they are his, multiple emotions go through me, fear, lust, nerves, it's too late to back out now, he's walking towards me, in a heartbeat I've checked him out, cuter than his pictures, I can't stop my eyes going down to his cock, but he doesn't see, my pussy tightens a tiny bit, as I realise that I want him to see me looking.

Small talk, fetching of drinks, the offer of skinning up, then we are kissing, I don't know how he grabbed my hand, spun me around and locked his lips on mine so quickly but I'm lost in the moment, I vaguely feel hands on my ass, then on my neck, I'm aware of how big they are, how he could wrap them around my throat, then another thought invades my mind, I wonder if he really is wearing a cock ring, if it will make him too big for me to take.

I'm totally lost in sensation as he bends and kisses my neck, sharp little bites with soft licks and kisses, pulling my head back by my hair, I know I'm wet and I know that it's not going to be long before he sees that I'm wearing the fishnet holdups I promised him.

He turns me around pushing me down onto the sofa and kneeling before me in one fluid movement, still kissing me hard and deep, he pulls my top up, pushing my tits together and moaning softly as he breaks the kiss to kiss my breasts, my nipples ache for him to touch them, I sit up kissing him deeper.

I don't know how it happens, but I'm sitting on the end of my bed, watching him walk to me, I smile at myself as I realise i have just checked his cock out again. More kissing, getting more and more frantic as he pulls my top over my head, I kiss his shoulder and neck as he undoes my black lacey bra and pushes me back onto the bed.

I half watch as he takes his clothes off, torn between needing to see his cock and slow my breathing down. I open my eyes as he kneels beside me on the bed, hands and mouth going to my nipples, teeth pulling them, making them hard in his mouth, causing me slight pain with the pleasure. 

I still haven't touched his cock and I'm aching to, but everytime I try he's just out of my reach, I vaguely wonder if this is intentional, but the thought gets pushed aside as I realise I'm laying in front of this gorgeous guy in just my hold-ups, I wonder if I look as hot as I feel, or if I just look like a dirty slut. I try to focus as he kisses lower, I hold my breath as reaches my pussy and stops, "oh fuck, I've been dreaming about this" , hearing him say this pushes me further into the moment, I've never wanted to cum for someone so badly. I push my hands into his hair as he starts to lick me, needing to feel his tongue on my clit, I don't have to wait long, his tongue pushes my pussy apart as he finds my clit, I can't hold my tongue any longer and moan as he pushes fingers inside me, I don't think I can get any wetter. I lose track of how many times he makes me cum with his tongue and fingers, I don't even know how many fingers hes fucking my pussy with, all I know is that its deep and hard and he is showing no mercy as he teases my g-spot and clit.

He's kneeling between my legs, rubbing his cock up and down my wet lips, slapping his hard cock on my clit and I can't wait to feel him inside me, he's teasing me tho, I think he wants me to beg, but I can't, not yet. 

Then he's kissing me and pushing his cock into me all at once, I'm so close to cumming again, I clench my pussy tight around his cock as we get used to the feeling of him finally being inside me, it's not long till we are moving together, picking up on each others rhythm. In one movement he has me on my hands and knees, my ass and pussy totally exposed to him, I wait to feel his thick cock push into me, but I feel his breath instead, then his hands on my ass cheeks, pulling them apart to give his tongue more access. Im cumming again before I can stop myself, pushing my ass back onto his mouth and my face into the pillow. Sharp slaps to my ass cheeks bring me around, fingers rubbing up and down, I wonder how much more I can take, but he doesn't seem to care as he pushes his cock into me again, making me cry out loud, I want to scream his name, but I stop myself, just asking him to do it harder, the reponse makes my muscles clench around his cock, he grabs my hair, pulling my head up and to the side, so he can kiss me as he slams into me, I'm really getting off on him being in control, as I cum again, I can't help but think how much fun we are gonna have together...