 If we met we would most probably go out for a drink, maybe catch a movie, or a restaurant. We would have a laugh, make a few jokes and have a good time.

Then I would take you someplace romantic where we could look up at the stars and see our reflections in the lake.

Looking in your eyes it would be only natural that our lips touch and we kiss each other. Before your mouth opens wider and lets my tongue in to play magically with yours. My tongue teasing you, you grab the back of my head and you slide your tongue deeper into my mouth.

Our hands roam each other's body. I unbutton your shirt and caress your breasts, feeling your nipples getting harder.

Its midnight, no ones around, its a cool night and were sitting on the bench in the open space with a setting overlooking the lake.

We rub each other, and then you get up and run off. My response is to run after you. I finally catch up with you and our bodies drop onto the grass where we continue. 

Your hands roaming my body and undoing my trousers, my hands roaming your body and unloosening your clothes. Our mouths locked on each other.

You pin me down to the ground and get on top of me. You lift your skirt up and pull those skimpy thongs your wearing to the side and take my cock out, giving it a long lasting lick.

I moan with pleasure as you enclose your mouth over my shaft and give it a few steady sucks.

My cock is now hard and ready. You run your hand over your wet pussy and then straddle me. You ride me pumping your body hard up and down on my cock.

I pump my cock with the downward force of your body so its maximum satisfaction. My hands roaming your nipples, pinching them I arch my body and suck on your nipples as you ride me high, on the grass in the night.

We ride for sometime before you start to moan screaming my name then you let out your 1st orgasm. Your body shaking you continues to ride me and then I start to moan your name as I reach my sexual high before coming deep within you.

We hold each other relaxing for a while before we gather our clothes then rush to the car.

On the drive home we continue. You cannot keep your hands off of me, unzipping my pants and rubbing my manhood. 

One of my hands on the steering wheel the other rubbing your nipples and changing gears. You move closer and lick my cock, it rises to attention before you take it all in your mouth. 

I moan loud and swerve as your teeth graze my cock when you come up then go down lubricating my cock with all your saliva.

You start sucking hard, I gasp and moan trying to concentrate on not hitting anything before you start sucking harder and harder. You know that I'm going to cum soon but you continue.

I glance down for a second; it's an awesome sight seeing your head bopping up and down on my cock. The feeling of your soft lips around my cock it's sending me wild.

You keep sucking, with your free hand you kneed my balls making me groan. You go fast, then faster and faster, sucking harder and deeper before deep throating my large manhood.

I can't take it no more and I start to shoot hot cum from the lower depths of my balls up and out of my shaft deep into your throat. It's so much you only get to suck a few droplets down before the rest sprays all over my jeans and your lips and face. 

We arrive at my house. Licking the rest off your face and slurping it down. I pull up and park awkwardly. You give my cock a few more licks before we hurry and get out of the car and rush to our front door. We can't make it there, we need to hold each other, caress and fondle each other. 

We just about make it in the door, the door shuts behind us and you pin me against the wall, taking my trousers down you take your thongs off and you bend over giving me the perfect view of your sweet ass and clean shaven wet pussy.

You order me to fuck you. My cock still aching from that amazing blowjob, I rub it up and down on your wet pussy lips making you moan as I do.

I rub it some more and this makes my cock rise hard and prepared for action once again. I slide myself in, you moaning loud as I do so. 

I hold you tight, grabbing your tits and pinching your nipples whilst kissing you deeply then I start to fuck you deep and hard. My balls slapping on your ass as I do so. 

I slide my whole shaft in deeper and deeper, quicker and quicker, building up such immense pleasure we can't help it. We both start to moan. 

You shout "fuck me harder" with that my cock pounds your sweet pussy with force. I fuck and fuck you harder, faster, and deeper.

I am sliding in and out of your sweet pussy, your juices lubricating my cock. Its a matter of seconds before were both moaning loud, my cock pounding hard, you pushing yourself back on my cock in perfect rhythm then we both climax at the same time.

Collapsing to the ground. My legs jerking the last bits of cum out of my body. Your legs seized around my cock, milking every last droplet of cum from my cock, intermingling with your pussy juices, we both sigh and say that was great!!!