 It was 6 a.m., Ashley's alarm clock was buzzing. Stretching in her bed she  remembered what today was! Excited now, she hopped out of bed to begin her day.  On her way to work she hadn't a care in the world, she was so happy. Arriving at  work, she slid her card in the time clock, waving and smiling to all her co-  workers. Grabbing a cup of coffee she headed for her desk.  'Ahhh, finally! My day starts,' she sighed to herself. 

'Ashley, how are you?,' asked Serena. 

Serena and Ashley had been high school buddies and now they worked together. 

'Oh, Serena I haven't told you!! I can't believe it. Tonight I'm going to meet  this guy I've been chatting with online.' Ashley explained. 

With a heavy sigh, Serena raised an eye brow questioning weather or not her  friend had lost her mind. 'Ashley?? Do you know this guy? There are all kinds of  people on that computer of yours. I think you're getting yourself in trouble.' 

Ashley started giggling, 'Serena, I'm a big girl. We're going to meet in a  public restaurant, have dinner and get to know each other. I'll be fine.' Ashley  bent down and started writing on a piece of paper. 'Here, this is where I'll be  and the guys name I'll be with, if I don't call you by morning then you know  something is wrong. But.....I seriously doubt you'll have to get the search  squad out for me. He's harmless, now let me get to work!!!' 

Serena stared at Ashley for a minute with a frustrated look, mumbled something  then walked off. 

Smiling, Ashley swirled her chair around and yelled out, 'I still love you,  Serena!' and began her day. 

It was almost lunch time and Ashley decided to grab a cup of coffee from the  break room. Returning to her desk she sat for a moment sipping her warm brew. 

Around 12:30 p.m. a man walked to her little cubical with a gold box. The box  had a red ribbon tired around it and a rose tucked in the center of the bow. 

'Could I help you, Sir?' she asked with a sweet smile. 

'Are you Ashley?' he ask as he noticed her coffee cup had "Ashley's" on the side  of it. Pointing to the cup he said, 'I guess you are,' The man handed her the  box and wished her a happy day. She placed the box on her desk and stared at it  for a moment. When Serena walked up behind her. 'Well, come on! Don't just stare  at it, lets see what's in it.' Serena had startled her friend. 

Ashley turned her head to her friend with wide eyes and a huge smile. 'Ok!! Lets  see what it is,' she giggled as she started to slide the bow from the box,  taking a moment to smell the rose then dropping it into her glass of water. 

Both of the girls giggled. Jiggling the top from the box, she revealed a satin  black dress, thin straps, and pretty short. Ashley held the dress up and both  the girls looked at each other. 'Oh boy!! This is a little shorter than I'm  usually wear.' Ashley stated as Serena reached into the box to retrieve an  envelope that was under the dress. Ashley nodded for Serena to open it and read  it. 

Dear Sweet Ashley,

I hope the dress is to your liking 

and I hope to find you in it tonight.

Along with the dress is a red ribbon.

Tie the ribbon around your wrist.

That is how I'll find you.

p.s. Wear only the dress! 

With wide eyes, both girls just stared at each other. 'OH boy!!!!!' is all  Ashley could say. After Serena returned to her desk Ashley couldn't concentrate  on work any longer. All her work was done anyway, so she decided to take the day  off and pamper herself before her date. 

It was almost 6:00 p.m. and she was just about ready when her phone rang. 

'Hello'

'No, Serena I didn't change my mind and if I don't go I'm going to be late. You  have the number and his name. I'll call you before work. I love you and thanks  for being so protective. I can handle this, I promise.' Ashley replaced the  receiver. 

Grabbed her handbag and headed for the door. As she grab the door knob she  realized she had forgot to tie the ribbon around her wrist. 'Darn!' she  whispered and turned for her room to get the ribbon. She tied it around her  wrist and headed back for the door. Outside, to her surprise there was a limo in  front of her apartments with a man standing by the door. 'Ms Ashley' the man  nodded his head and opened the door, motioning for her to enter the car. Ashley  just stood there for a moment. 'I wasn't expecting a limo to pick me up. Are you  sure this is for me?' she ask the man with a confused look. 'Yes Ma'am and we're  going to be late. Would you step into the car, ma'am?' Ashley shrugged her  shoulders and hopped into the limo. 

The ride was only about 20 minutes long. She was so excited. This man is going  all out!! Oh boy, I wonder what the rest of the night is going to be like? she  wondered to herself. Just then her thoughts were interrupted by the door being  opened. Ashley stepped out of the limo, adjusted her dress and walked inside the  restaurant. The host knew her even!! 'Ashley, yes?' he ask her with a wide grin.  'Yes, Sir,' she answered. ' Follow me, ma'am'

She was seated in the corner table the restaurant was rather dark. She scanned  the room to see if she could figure out which man was him. The waiter approached  the table and ask her if she'd like something to drink. 

'Uhmmmm, yes thank you, white wine will be fine.' 

The waiter returned with her glass of wine and ask her if she'd like to order an  appetizer. 'No, not yet. I'm waiting on someone. He should be here soon.' 

She was already on her third glass of wine, when the waiter handed her a note. 

