 June welcomed me at the door with a big ole kiss and she hugged me tight. She had on a blue bikini and as usual her tits were bulging out and dying to see me. I kissed her cleavage and told her that I had missed her. For the past few days I lusted for June but all the way over to June's I thought about Julie and what a fantastic fuck she was. Now at the site of June, my mind came back to her and I couldn't wait to see her naked again. She asked if that was my camera in the black bag as I had told her I wanted her to pose for me today. She said, good, I have a surprise for you today. I said that I couldn't wait and wanted to know what it was. She said, come on let's eat lunch and I will tell you about it. 

She led me to the table where she already had it set up with sandwiches. She got two cold beers and we sat down with our chairs right next to each other. We started eating and she asked what I had done all morning. I could not tell a lie so I told her that I had been exercising. I told her I knew she was going to miss Joan but it would give us time to be alone. She said, well, about that, I hope so much you don't mind but my neighbor Jaii called and she would like to come over and lay with me around the pool so I wouldn't be alone. I couldn't say no, so I told her I would be happy for her to come but I also had a guy coming over. She told her that I was the boy friend of one of Joan's friend's mother that had gone to Florida with the girls. She told her that I had brought Joan's friend over a few times and we had all lay around the pool. 

She told her that I was a photographer and I wanted to come over and take some glamour pictures of her. Jaii told her that she couldn't believe she was that brave and she told her that it would be easy as I was very likeable and easy to talk to. She said, I hope you don't mind but I told her you might want to take some pictures of her also. She said that Jaii said she would just watch but I told her to wear a sexy bathing suit and some high heels just in case she got in the mood watching me. I told her I didn't mind at all and maybe we could have some fun and winked at her. I told her we would be alone later and would have plenty of time to make love tonight if she still wanted me to spend the night with her. 

I asked her what Jaii looked like and she said that I would be very pleased and would enjoy looking at her body. We cleaned up the table and went down to the pool. Julie laid some towels on our lounge chairs and went back to the basement bar and brought us two beers. We lay down and she kissed me several times and got out her tanning lotion and started rubbing it on to her long dark legs. She had told Jaii to let herself in and come down to the pool when she got there. All of a sudden we heard someone say, knock, knock and we looked up to see Jaii standing at the door. She was a beauty and had a beach bag in her hand and was wearing a thin see through top over her bikini. Her suit was a string bikini which was orange with blue strings and matching blue heels. Julie hollered for her to come on over and she walked across the pool deck with an ass sway that made her walk like a professional model. Her walk alone made my dick throb but her beauty was unbelievable. 

Julie introduced us and I stood up and said, wow! Julie told me you were pretty but may I add very pretty. She blushed and said, I probably said that to all the girls I met. I laughed and pulled up a chair next to me and told her to lie down and relax. Julie asked her if she wanted a beer and she said, yes. Julie went and got her one and came back and gave it to her. While Julie was gone, I told Jaii that being a photographer, I loved a woman with a good body and in my opinion she was a knock out. Jaii kind of giggled and said that if she didn't know better, I was trying to get her naked. I said, no, but I wouldn't mind that at all. She told Julie she could see why she liked me that I was very friendly. I was in the middle of the two girls and I enjoyed such great company and drank my beer hoping I could get the two of them a little high. 

Julie said, I have trained him well on how to rub the suntan oil on me and he was just about to do my upper body. I took the oil and lay on my side rubbing it all over Julie. I felt her body quiver and she said, oh that feels so good. She told me to go oil up Jaii and Jaii said, oh I can do it. Julie said, oh don't be such a prude, let him help you. Jaii said, ok, if it will shut you up. I got up and kneeled at Jaii's side and started with her feet and took time to massage them good. Then I started up her legs and every time I got close to her crotch she kind of got tense. I said don't worry, I am sure that thing would bite me if I got close. Luckily she took that as a joke and laughed. I moved on up to her stomach which was so flat and toned. I rubbed the oil all over her stomach and down her sides. I then rubbed her neck and shoulders and took each arm and soaked them with oil. I stood behind her and started rubbing her chest. I went down her cleavage between her two beautiful and full mounds trying not to lose my cool and slid my hands beneath her top and got a handful. She moaned and said, god, what good hands. I kissed her cheek and then sat back down. 

I said, I guess y'all know that I am your slave for the day and I am at your beckon and call. They laughed and Julie said they would test me on that later. I talked about their bodies and what kind of clothes I thought they would look good in. Jaii finally opened up and asked if I really liked her body and I said, yes she was very good looking. I laughed and said, of course it's hard to tell since you have got it covered up. I said, I would love to see both of y'all walking down the beach at sunset holding hands and swaying their butts in unison. Julie, said, would that make you hard? I said, yeah probably harder than I am now and they laughed. Booze may loosen up a woman but laughter I discovered works about as well and when you add both, bingo! I told the girls that I had to go in and use the little boy's room and I would bring back some more beers. I said, don't y'all talk about me while I am gone now, I know how your women love to gossip. 

I came back and lay down and took both girl's hands and held them. Jaii kept squeezing mine and I saw that as a good sign. Julie said, damn, it looks like you are getting a hard on just holding our hands. I said, no I'm not, just feel if you don't believe me. Julie placed her hand on my lap and said, damn, see what you think Jaii. Jaii reached over and laid her hand on my lap and said, he is either hard or he has a banana in his pants. I thought I was fixing to get my dick played with when June jumped up and said, ok let's take my pictures. Jaii gave my dick one last squeeze and let go so I could get up. 

I went over and got the camera and June went over and stood in front of some rose bushes and said, how's this? I said, great, and started taking pictures and told her different poses to do. Her tits were busting out and I wanted to grab them and chew on them but I restrained myself. I took about 50 pictures while Jaii watched. June said, OK, Jaii it's your turn. She asked, do I have to? June said yes get that pretty ass over here and pose for him. Jaii reached into her bag and pulled out some silver high heels and put them on and walked over with that ass swaying. I took a few pictures and then told them that I would like to get the two of them together. June said, oh that would be great and came running back over and stood next to Jaii. 

I posed them in several different ways snapping away. I placed them facing each other with their faces against each other. Without asking, June started putting her arms around Jaii and they began hugging each other. I said, ok, how about acting like y'all are kissing each other and June pulled her closer to her and stuck out her lips for Jaii. She hesitated and then said, what the hell, this posing is making me a little frisky. I said, oh, that's just the beer talking and she laughed. She puckered her lips and leaned over and placed them on June's lips. I said, now hold that, and I started snapping away. June put her tongue in Jaii's mouth and they started kissing for real. They finally stopped and I said, damn women, y'all have made my banana hard. 

I said now just a few more but if they loved me they would take their tops off. Jaii said, well, I will if June will. June said she would love to and took hers off and threw it at me. I wrapped it around my neck and said, ok Jaii, show us what you got. Jaii slowly unhooked her top and threw it to me. They giggled and Jaii said, ok, take our pictures but keep your eyes closed. I laughed and told them they were so beautiful. I took pictures and rubbed my dick a few times. June said, now cut that out, that's our job. Jaii said, ok, that's enough give us our tops back. I said, aw y'all don't need these, let's get some more sun and let me look at them for a while. They laughed and came back to their chairs and lay down. I took a picture of them and then put the camera away. 

Jaii said, I can't believe I did that but it was fun. June said yes it was, she enjoyed the kissing pose the best.

We drank some more and lay there for a while and I finally reached up to both of them at the same time and started rubbing their stomach's and worked my way up to their breasts. I squeezed them and found the nipples that were now sticking out at attention. Both girls started moaning and June placed her hand on my dick again. She said, damn Jaii, he's got that banana in his pants again. Jaii surprised both of us and said, I want to see that banana. They together pulled my suit off and there I stood at attention for them. They both got a hand full of dick and squeezed it and pulled it. 

June said, I want to taste that banana and leaned over and put my dick in her mouth. I was still pulling both their titties and Jaii watched. She asked, is it good? June said, it sure the hell is, do you want some? Without answering, Jaii bent over and pushed June's head out of the way and took my dick into her mouth. She moaned and said, god, I have never had a banana this good. June began kissing me and I took my hands and slid them down into their bottoms and found their hot and juicy pussies and began to rub them. Jaii kept sucking and took my balls into her hands squeezing them. 

June got up and took off her bottoms and then went over and untied Jaii's and pulled them off her. June spread Jaii's legs apart and started eating and licking her pussy. Jaii never let up and continued sucking my dick. I grabbed both her nipples and started pulling them hard. She was squirming and fucking June's face. June had her fingers in Jaii's pussy and was making her suck me even harder. June rose up and said, Jaii, have you ever had a banana in this sweet pussy? Jaii stopped sucking and said no, she hadn't. June said, well, why don't you get on top of him and stick that banana in you? Jaii quickly rolled over on top of me and took her hand and pointed my dick into her body. Oh god, she hollered, I didn't know a banana could feel so good. She was fucking my dick with abandon and I started pushing those tits up to my mouth. I nibbled on her nipples and playfully bit them. 

June came over and kissed each of us and then stuck her tits in our mouths. Jaii and I both had our own tits to suck and we ate them good. Jaii's ass was moving up and down and June moved down and started licking her ass. Jaii wiggled from side to side with pleasure and said, eat me baby. June tongued her hole and then stuck a finger in it. She stuck her head between our legs and started cupping and licking my balls. They were swollen up with fresh cum and every time she squeezed them it felt like I was going to shoot my cum into Jaii. Jaii said, oh I love that dick, come and fuck me honey. I asked her if she wanted me to fill that pussy with my hot cum and she said, yes, yes, yes, give it to me now. She said fuck it in me honey, I want it in my hot pussy. I asked her if I gave it to her if she would let June suck it out of her and she said, yes she can do anything she wants to me, just give me your cum. 

With that I exploded into her and she screamed, oh shit, I'm coming too. She jumped and bucked and then collapsed onto my body. I kissed her softly and told her that she was so good. June said, ok get that banana out of her pussy, I want to eat it. Jaii lay back onto her chair and spread her legs out and just as my cum started to drain out, June lapped it up and licked her. June inserted two fingers into her pussy and fucked her with them and put a finger from her other hand into her ass and stroked it. Jaii hollered, oh, don't stop, I am cumming again. I started kissing Jaii and began pulling on her nipples. She soon let out another scream and quivered until her body went limp. 

June said, hey, who is gonna fuck me? Jaii winked at me and said, I will, spread out those beautiful legs. Jaii got between her legs and began to eat her pussy. I played with June's titties and kissed her deeply. June told her to put all the fingers she could get in her and fuck her good. Jaii had small hands and she kept fucking her and the juices were flowing. June hollered, oh, that's so fucking good baby, do it to me. June then told her to crawl on top of her and turn around so she could eat some pussy at the same time. I got my camera and started taking pictures of this scene. The girls were going at it and I took pictures of their tits, asses, and pussies. I took several pictures of Jaii's ass sticking up in the air and then put the camera down and started licking her ass. I spread out her cheeks so I could get my whole face between them and I stuck my tongue in as deep as it would go. 

They were moaning and gyrating and both getting a mouth full of hot pussy juice. I started spanking Jaii's ass while I ate her hole and she started squealing and eating June's pussy with abandon. Jaii said, oh I'm coming June, come with me. June said, ok baby, I'm coming to. They let out a yell and their bodies were convulsing and quivering. They relaxed and Jaii climbed off and went up and kissed June and they tasted each other's pussies on their lips.

I told them that was the most beautiful site I had ever seen and I had pictures for us to remember it by. I said, I don't know about y'all but I've got to cool off, let's hit the water. We all jumped into the pool butt naked and splashed water on each other. The girls came to me and wrapped around me like spiders and started hugging and kissing me. Jaii said, June, now I understand what you see in him, he is very very friendly and we all laughed. They nibbled on my ears and kissed me as I reached down and played with their asses in the water. June asked if I would jump out and go get us all another beer and I did so with my dick and balls swinging in the breeze. I came back and they were kissing each other and playing with each other's tits. I got back in and we all leaned back against the pool wall and drank beer as I watched their tits bobble on top of the water. 

Jaii said to me, sit your little ass on the side of the pool and let me eat that banana. June said, yeah do that but we both are gonna suck that dick off. I said, well if y'all insist and I pulled myself up and spread out my legs exposing a little swiveled up dick from the cold water. Jaii swished the little banana around in her mouth and got my dick warm and it started to grow again. June said, ok, give me some before he squirts out in your mouth. I told them they could suck me all day if they wanted. They both kept taking turns and when I got very excited and was repeating, oh shit, oh shit, they both got a hold of my dick and started yanking it in front of their faces. Jaii said, come on baby, give us some hot cum in our mouths. June was stroking my dick and said, do it on our faces or we are going to squeeze your nuts off. 

Jaii grabbed my balls and started squeezing and held her mouth wide open to receive my cum when I shot off. June said, are you gonna cum for us baby and I said if that's what they wanted and it shot out in their mouths right on key. June pointed it right on their faces and I covered them up with the hot clear juice. Jaii licked it off my dick and then the girls faced each other and licked and kissed each other tasting my cum. June said, damn that's good. I told them to give me a lick and they stuck their faces up in the air and I kissed them and sucked on their noses and got all the cum I could find but they hadn't left me much. They pulled me into the pool and laughed. They washed their faces off in the water and we all three kissed each other. Jaii said, this is fun, when are we gonna fuck some more? I said if they were going to fuck anymore it would have to be to these beer bottles. June's eyes lit up and said, ok, we will do it. 

We climbed out of the pool and June laid a blanket out on the deck. She lay back and opened her legs and told Jaii to stick the bottle in her pussy. Jaii grabbed the tanning oil and squirted some on June's pussy. She took the small end of the bottle and slid it into her pussy and started pushing it in and out. I said, don't lose it in there and laughed. June said my pussy ain't that damn big. I told Jaii to lie next to her and squirt some oil on her pussy and I would fuck both of them with the bottles. Jaii spread her lips apart and said ok, fuck me with that damn bottle. I slid it in her juicy pussy and began to stroke both of them. They moaned and they kissed each other. I said, well this is the first time I have literally fucked two women at once. June said, hell this ain't big enough, turn the bottle around. I stopped for a minute and pulled the bottle out of her and turned it around so that the big end would be inside her. I told her to spread out more and she did so as she would a pelvic exam. Surprisingly the bottle slipped in and she let out a holler, damn that thing fills this pussy. She told Jaii to try it and I did the same for her. Jaii told me to come kiss her while it went in so she could feel double pleasure. 

I got a good hold of the bottle necks and started fucking those stretched and filled pussies. They were hollering all sorts of things demanding that I ram the bottles in their love nests. They were holding on to each other and kissing and white juice began to run down the bottles making them even more slippery. June said for me to get my fingers juicy and stick them up their asses while they fucked the bottles. This was easy and my fingers went in and out of their butt holes with each stroke of the bottle. I said, the first one that comes gets a present and no faking. I fucked them hard and June's ass raised plumb off the ground and I knew she was about to cum. She was hollering, don't stop and I filled up her holes. She slowed down and said come on Jaii, we are gonna tie, get that pussy going and let me watch it get fucked. She said, oh June, I love you and I went a little faster with her bottle. They both started hollering, fuck me, fuck me and they exploded together and fell back. I slowly pulled the bottles out and kissed each pussy.

They kissed and June whispered something into Jaii's ear. Jaii grinned and said, ok you damn sex maniac, lay down here on your stomach and spread those ass cheeks apart. You are gonna see what a bottle crammed up you feels like. Jaii held my ass open and June squirted some oil in it. June worked her fingers in it and kept on until she had practically gotten her whole fist in it as it relaxed. Jaii said, ok it's my turn and pushed a bottle into me. She started fucking me with it and told me to get up on all fours and told June to crawl under me and suck my dick. I said, damn girls, are y'all trying to milk me dry. They laughed and said, yes! Jaii was hitting bottom and my ass hole was stretching. She was hitting my prostate gland and it made me want to cum again right away. I told Jaii to fuck my damn ass off and for June to open wide because it was coming right to her mouth. I exploded and June gulped it up and swallowed all of it. I asked Jaii if she enjoyed fucking a man and she said, yes, and now I know what it feels like, and laughed. 
