 I’m 23 years old, and am straight out of school with my Bachelor degree in Music Education. I received my first teaching job as a band director for Littleton High School, that’s in a small town in the mid-west. The first couple of months took some getting used to. Just trying to get into the groove of teaching and all of the administrations of a full band program, but luckily the university I went to prepared me well for teaching and the only thing I had to really worry about was the marching band and the jazz ensemble for the semester. Directing the jazz ensemble is the highlight of every day, because it is a select group of the finest musicians LHS has to offer, who are eager to learn. The marching band on the other hand has suffered in past years because the previous director had grown old enough for retirement and no longer had put the effort into teaching the students how to march. From students input I soon learned that the students haphazardly marched onto the field and played the selected pieces standing still, and then marched right back off the field and that that was how the marching band had been now for nearly 5 years. I had my work cut out for me. 

The football coach, David, who was also the schools psychologist/counselor wasn’t used to having to share the field during practice in the evenings but we soon came up with a compromise, since after all the marching band did only met after school twice a week on Monday and Wednesdays with the rest of practice on the field during class time. We decided that since we both held practice in the evenings that the field was mine from 6 pm to 6:45 for the marching fundamentals and learning drill while the football team stretched, did calisthenics, and ran laps. From 6:45 to 7:30 the band would take a short water break, rehearse music and march in place while the football team practiced their passes, and such. From 7:30 until 8 the band would be on the field again learning and running through drill, while the coach was off in the stands with the players discussing and learning new plays for the next days practice. Usually the football team was dismissed about 7:45 after very little discussion and David would hang out in the stands watching the band practice. 

It didn’t take long to realize what was motivating David to stick around after he dismissed the team. I’d often walk around the field fixing mistakes and often stood back to watch and listen to the band from the stands. Many times I’d glance in David’s direction and catch his eyes following my every move. It really sort of made me nervous, but it also excited me because I had never had a man so completely enthralled or obsessed by me before, especially a man that I found to be very attractive as well.

David is in his early thirties, but age hasn’t crept up on him because I’m sure he looks just as good if not better than what he looked when he was 25. He towers above me at a height of 6’3. He has dark brown hair that he keeps at a medium length, just long enough to run his fingers through. Brown eyes that are either usually intense or teasingly playful. Full lips, that when he smiles one lip curls up higher than the other, and a little goatee that he keeps nicely trimmed. He has an athlete’s body, that would make any woman drool, being muscular top to bottom with huge arms and thighs, that would intimidate almost any man. Besides his obvious good looks, his personality is what draws most people to him, because he’s the type of person that can make almost anyone feel at ease in his presence with his humor and playful attitude. Even though he often likes to clown around, everyone knows that he is as serious as anyone could get when it comes to the well-being of the students in the school, and his dedication to coaching.

When we first saw each other it had been at a faculty meeting before school started. He and many of the other male faculty members were giving me more than an admiring glance, and from a few of the female teachers, some looks of envy. 

I’m 5’5 and 140 lbs. Because I enjoy running, my body is thick with well-defined muscles in my legs, a flat stomach, nice round ass, tone arms, and 36 DD breasts. I love my body and my breasts which always attract men’s eyes because no matter how conservative I dress they are there sticking out about 6 inches from my stomach, making them very hard to miss seeing. My pride and joy though is my hair, it is a dark brownish auburn color and the natural red highlights sparkle in the sunlight with its natural curls, which lies in ringlets slightly below my shoulders with layers so that I can wear it down easily. My facial features are somewhat childlike in my opinion and makes me look younger than I am. My face is a rather roundish oval shape, with a button nose, full pouty pink lips, and hazel eyes that turn green whenever I’m in an extreme mood, which happens usually when I’m horny. 

Overall, I’ve never really considered myself to be extremely beautiful or sexy, especially if you’d compare me to models or movie stars since my looks are so unique. But I’ve always known that some men love my unique looks and curves, and have told me so repeatedly by looks and for the lucky few, by how they ravished my body in bed. I knew David was the type of man who admired my type of beauty and hourglass figure, I didn’t catch his name at that first faculty meeting but I noticed him clearly devouring every inch of me with his eyes. 

But during the first week of school he had made it a priority to introduce me around the high school to where other classes were located. He also introduced me to the sweet old cafeteria women, and Harry the janitor who could hook me up with anything I needed, desk, chair, or cabinet wise for the band room. I sincerely appreciated the fact that David had shown me around, but I also began to notice that he always sought me out, so out of respect for my husband and because I was afraid that after awhile I wouldn’t be able to resist him, I tried to find little excuses so I could scurry away from him without being rude or confronting him about his attraction to me. I managed to get through marching season without any further advances from David other than his constant gaze whenever he was near, and his occasional conversations with me in the hallways, which was unavoidable since it was often about the band during football games. 

It was Tuesday, our schools last day before Thanksgiving break, and of course we had to have a faculty meeting after school at 4 to discuss the rest of the semester. Since it was the last day before break and it had been ages since I had dressed up for work because of marching season, I had on a long tight fitting black skirt with a slit on either side up to my knees so it was possible to walk in, two inch high heels, and a black button down sweater that had a cute little flower design above my left breast with a v neck line that barely reached the top of my cleavage. Even though I was exposing very little skin, I knew how good I looked by the admiring glances my male students and fellow teachers were giving me all day. 

Four p.m. and here we were, all of LHS’ teachers, sitting in a crowded conference room elbow to elbow listening to the principal go on about what a great fall semester we’ve had so far this year and that we couldn’t let intensity drop just because the end of the semester and Christmas vacation was drawing near. We all could have happily sufficed reading a short memo this afternoon about this, but it seemed that our principal loved meetings because they were usually completely pointless, just like this one since everyone knew what was going on throughout the entire school of 700 students. Finally the meeting concluded and everyone rushed to the parking lot to start enjoying his or her small break from school and I headed to the band room to straighten a few things up. 

About fifteen minutes later, I finished tidying up the recently turned in music and had everything back in the file cabinets when David came in. He told me that he needed to talk to me about John, a student of mine that had recently developed a severe attitude problem during class, which had resulted in him being sent to the office earlier that day, and then the counselors to speak with David about his problems. There was nowhere to sit in the file room so I suggested that we go and sit in my office where it was more comfortable. David sat down on the small sofa positioned across from me, and I sat behind my desk. 

“Well Kelly” David started, “it seems that Johns parents are going through a financially rough time, and that there has been a lot of fighting at home right now because his father is our of work and has been spending his unemployment checks on booze instead of bills and food for the family leaving everything up to his mother.” David paused briefly before continuing. “The reason why he has had such an attitude problem is because he has been working two jobs these past three weeks to help his family out, one job at a local taco place in the evenings, and the other delivering newspapers in the morning before school and on weekends. So basically,” David said as he looked at my sweater clad breasts, “John is so tired by the end of the school day that he can barely stay awake for your class, and that is why he has been falling asleep in class, and being snappy with you and his other classmates this past week and a half. He is sincerly sorry about his actions and he plans on apologizing to you come Monday.”

“I had no clue that John wasn’t having such a hard time at home right now, I wish he would have told me this himself, but I understand now where he is coming from. Thank you for coming in to speak with me about John, David. I’ll have a word with him here Monday and tell him that everything is forgiven.” I said as I was gathering my purse up and walking around my desk to leave. Before I was able to walk past David to the door, he stood up and closed the door, blocking my only way out.

He stood there staring into my eyes for a moment, while I was a gasp that he had the audacity to prevent me from leaving like this. My eyes darted down his torso and I noticed his growing bulge in his pants. I looked back up at David and angrily said, “ What the hell are you doing David? I want to leave my office, we have nothing further to talk about, so please move out of the way so I can go home.”

“There is something else I need to discuss with you Kelly,” taking a step closer to me, leaving me no place to move to except up against the wall behind the door. There was about a foot and half between us now, and my heart was starting to race, and my breath quickened. I knew what he wanted to discuss, because the bulge in his black slacks now indicated that his cock was now fully erect, and it looked huge. 

Staring up at him at his height of 6’3 towering above me I calmly stated the facts. “David it is very apparent that you want to do more than talk, and we can’t. We’re both married, and I for one am happily married, I’m not seeking a lover, nor will I ever, so please, I’m begging you to please move out of my way so I can leave.” I breathed a sigh of relief when he backed away granting me access to open the door and leave. He grabbed my waist as I reached to turn the doorknob and pressed me face first into the door, pressing his hard dick into the small of my back, while his right hand went up from his grasp of my hips to fondle my breast. That’s when I tried to struggle away from him sending my elbow back into his lower ribs to no avail, except to have him press my body harder up against the door and to position his arms above and around mine so that both of my breasts were now in his hands being massaged, making my nipples hard. A man forcing himself on me had never been a fantasy on mine, but I was starting to get turned on by his manhandling. He then bowed down so he could kiss my neck sending shivers down my spine, and then he started to speak.

“Kelly,” he said with his hot breath on my neck as he nibbled on my lower earlobe for a split second before he continued. “I’ve wanted you since the first day I saw you, I’ve been around many beautiful women before, my wife included, but there’s something about you that is different from everyone else I’ve ever met.” His hands glided down my body to rest on top of my thigh and lower hip as he pressed himself harder against me. “I’ve never desired a woman as much as I have you. Your so fucking sexy, do you know that? Does your husband realize what an affect you have on men? Especially when you walk away from them, tits bouncing, and your hips swaying side to side. Do you know how many times I’ve had to jack off during the school day, just so I wouldn’t be walking around with a raging hard on. Just the sight of you makes me hard, the smell of you as you walk by.” His hands reached up and under my sweater feeling the flesh of my stomach as his hands went back up to grasp my breasts, and my hard nipples as he began to roll them between his fingers through my lace bra, making my eyes involuntarily close with pleasure.

“David,” I paused hearing my voice lower more provocatively, “ I’m flattered that you’re so attracted to me but this can’t happen I’m sorry.” I was starting to become aroused and knew that I had to get away from him or else his fantasy was going to come true. “Let me go, I’ll never tell anyone what has happened this afternoon, but you must let me go now,” a hint of panic creeping into my voice. He turned me around and I put my hands up against his chest trying to push away from him but he cupped my face with his hands and made me look up at him.

“I’m not going to rape you, but I want you to desire me.” I tried to turn my head but his lips met mine, and oh my god, his lips, felt like velvet against mine. His cologne or after shave, I couldn’t tell which, was also making it harder for me to resist, my head was starting to spin with desire and I could feel how wet my pussy was starting to become because the crotch of my panties were thoroughly soaked and clinging to me, making my inner upper thighs wet with their moisture. I started to kiss him back and gave a slight moan as he released my face so that his hands could grasp my ass and pull me against him and his hard dick. 

My arms went up around his neck, I knew I should be screaming and fighting my way out of his embrace, but he was far from unattractive, and I have to admit that I had often thought about how it would be to fuck him. Our lips continued to kiss, our tongues mingling together, his lips moved from my lips, kissing the side of my face, nibbling on my lower ear and kissing down my neck until he kissed the hollow place between my shoulder and neck with his hot breath which made me arch my neck and back. Then his tongue darted out from between his lips to flicker across my skin.

“Ooohhhhhh, that feels so good,” I admitted. “ David this is wrong,” I paused and gave in to what I was feeling, “but I do want you, I want you to cup my ass in your hands and eat my pussy, I want to suck your dick, and GAWD, how I need you to fuck me.” I moaned, knowing for sure that the fight was over when I found my fingers entwined in his hair with the other hand at the nape of his neck.    

He seductively whispered into my left ear, “Don’t worry, I’ve dreamt about how good your sweet little pussy will taste, and I plan on eating you until you have to have my dick inside you. Fucking your tight wet pussy until I cum deep inside you filling you up,” he said while lifting me up by my ass and placing me down on the sofa.

“MMmmmm, yesssssss eat me and fuck me David,” I moaned, “I love to feel a man cum inside me; it turns me on like nothing else can. I love feeling a dick grow larger filling up with cum, twitching on the verge of orgasm, oh yes cum in me, I want it, ohhhhh,” I moaned again needing my pussy to be touched by this man that wasn’t my husband. I leaned over and started to unbuckle his belt as he unbuttoned my sweater revealing my black see through lace bra as I worked on his pants getting desperate to see how big David really was. I unzipped his pants and tugged them down to reveal his dick standing straight up in his boxers, I pulled his black silk boxers over his dick and made them go half way down his ass to reveal his dick in all its glory. He had a marvelous dick, eight inches long and so wide my hand couldn’t wrap completely around it. I looked up and told him “ You have a beautiful dick, I want that cock in my mouth and I want it to fill up my pussy. I’ve never had a dick that wide before; I want you to stretch out my pussy with it. I want you to fuck me. I want you to fuck my pussy.”

His hands pulled my sweater off my shoulders and unhooked my bra without a hint of trouble that most men had with bras made for big breasted women and threw it to the ground. He leaned back, eyes glazed, “Oh baby, your breasts are more beautiful than I thought they would be,” as kneeled down in front of me and cupped my breasts in his hands admiring my huge dark aureoles and large erect nipples as he sucked and licked at my nipples. His hands knew exactly what to do, they were massaging my breasts to perfection, while sucking on one nipple and then the next, flickering his tongue across them as if he were eating my pussy. His hands went under my skirt as he continued to suckle my breasts, he raised it up allowing him to be able to caress my legs in their black thigh high stockings, one hand brushed against my pussy and I gasped and pressed my pussy against his hand, but he quickly moved on, gently going around to my backside sliding his hands under my thronged ass, he started to moan and he gently pulled my panties down so he could slip them over my high heels. The only thing I had on now was my skirt that was hiked half way up my thighs, stockings and my two-inch heels. 

I started to yank up on his polo shirt to take it off of him when he willing took it off for me so I could lower his pants. “Sit down now,” I said looking up at him from my sitting position in front of him. He sat down and he started to reach for me but I just shook my head in defiance and said, “You might have made the first move, but I’m in control now, so sit back and let me do what I want to do to you.” He sighed and leaned back against the sofa, his left hand went to caress his dick in a slow up and down massaging motion, squeezing a few drops of cum out to rest on the bulging red head of his dick. I moved and got on my knees in front of him and I gently slipped off his black loafers and placed them to the side and slid his pants off completely. It had always looked silly to me to leave socks on during sex so I rolled his black socks off as well. Now David was completely naked, sitting there on my office sofa, stroking his huge dick with his head back against the wall watching my every move. 

I stood up and backed away against the front of my desk. I stood there watching him for a few moments before I unzipped the back of my skirt and wriggled it down so that it could fall to my feet, so I could kick it away from me up against the door along with my shoes. I just stood there letting him admire my stalking clad thighs, my bald pussy set in the middle of round hips, and my full breasts with their hard nipples begging to be touched. I saw his dick twitch as he moaned massaging more precum out of his hard throbbing dick.

I moved closer to him and sat down on his left knee my arms wrapped gently around his neck and began to kiss his soft lips again. His hand released his dick and wrapped around my waist while his other hand began caressing my thighs, moving gently up towards my breasts before he moved his head away from mine to flick his tongue across my skin between my breasts in tiny circles, then licked around my large dark aureoles completely avoiding my nipples, making them ache in anticipation of his tongue and mouth around them.
