 I hear the desire in his voice. It mirrors the desire I have felt for days. I take a deep breath. Thoughts running through my head. If I say yes he will think I am a slut. If I say no will he think I am a tease. If I say yes, could I fuck someone I basically just met? The instant I open my mouth, "YES, PLEASE." Just comes out.

I hear his chuckle. I must say his laugh is so sexy. "Ok, well let's decide when and where. What are you doing tomorrow?" 

"I am going to a wedding." I sound disgruntled to my own ears. The chuckle is back. 

"Well, I guess you are off?" He says. 

"I am off for the next week. It's my mom getting married and I was going to house sit for them." I am barely containing my excitement. I still half think this is a cruel joke. I am expecting him to say never mind. But I can feel the hope budding up inside me. 

"What time is the wedding?" He says quieter now. I tell him it starts at five in Amarillo. 

I hear a smile in his voice as he says "How would you like to meet in Amarillo in the morning?" 

"I would like that, but I have to be at the venue by one o'clock." I squeak out. My breathing is almost a pant. 

"Oh, I will make sure we are finished by 12:30. Meet me as early as you can. We can meet at the Drury Inn On Soncy." He is so tempting. I agree, and tell him I will text when I get there. 

As I hang up, I can not believe what I am doing. Here I am, a girl that has only dated causally in ten years. I am about to embark on a torrid affair. Not only am I nervous, I am excited. 

I decide that instead of driving to Amarillo in the morning, I will go tonight. I grab a bag and some clothes. My toiletries and some comfortable pajamas. I look in vain for sexy underwear, I wear for comfort not appearance. Too late to second guess myself, I load my stuff into the car. I grab what I am wearing to the wedding and carefully lay it across the seat. 

I call the hotel to reserve a room. Grab my wallet and head out. Driving the bug is one thing that makes me happy. It was my selfish purchase. I have always wanted one. Ever since I can remember I wanted a powder blue convertible bug. When I was twenty five, I bought it. I put the top back and head to Amarillo. I hear a ping coming from the back seat but I ignore it. When I get to Groom, I pull up by the cross. I reach back and check my phone. A text from Dixon reads, "Do not worry if you change your mind. It will not hurt my feelings." I quickly type a reply, "I do not think that is going to happen." 

Hit send and drive on. I make it to Amarillo, check into the hotel. When I get to my room, I decided a swim may relax and cool me off. Before I leave the room I compose a text

"Hey. It's Lauren. I am at the Drury Inn in room 614. I will be here and ready as early as you chose. I am looking forward to seeing you again." I almost trash the text, but I send it. I grab my phone, and head down to the pool. As I enter the lobby, I hear kids yelling from the pool area. Not exactly what I was wanting, but I need to relax.

I jump into the pool and swim laps. When I get out the pool area is deserted. I grab a towel and head to the hot tub. 

Place my phone on a chair and slowly sink into the water. 

Ping. Ping. Ping. 

Wow the way I feel when I hear the pings makes me smile. I dry my hands and grab the phone. Three messages. First says "You mean you are there now?"

Second "I didn't mean for you to get a room."

The third one says "Let me in." 

I call and he answers, "Lauren. Let me in. I am outside your room." 

My heart is pounding. I say "I am at the pool. Give me a few minutes and I will be up." I climb out of the hot tub and head up to my room. As I am exiting the elevator, I look up. Big mistake. I almost forgot how to walk. He is standing beside my door leaning on the wall. I have on a robe over my swimsuit. It's a black one piece, covers me almost chin to knees. I have had it for years. Nothing about it is sexy. 

As I near him, I fumble with the key card. It drops, I close my eyes. When I opened them, he has my door open and is looking at me. I walk in and turn. 

"We can talk all you want in a minute, there is one thing I have to do first." He says. 

He takes two steps until he is standing in front of me. I see his hand rise to my chin. He tilts my head back. Looking deep into my eyes, he lowers his head. His lips are centimeters from mine. His eyes. I fell like I can see into his mind through his eyes. I lift my face, closing the distance between our lips slowly. The instant his lips touched mine, I raised my hand to his face. I can feel the stubble of beard growth. My hand travels down his neck to rest at his heart. His hands are now on my upper arms. His grip tightens, pulling me closer. I tilt my head to the left, his tongue is tracing my bottom lip. 

I open my mouth and sharply inhale. He takes advantage of my open mouth to explore further with his tongue. His hands are almost painful on my arms, but then they slacken. He slides his hand down and around me. I whimper, the only sound that I hear is my pounding heart.

I feel the tie to my robe slacken. I feel his hands on my shoulder. The robe slides off my shoulders onto the floor. 

As he begins to ease the kiss, I bite his lower lip, then I begin to gently suck it. After I release his lip he raises his head. I open my eyes and see his face.