 His eyes seem darker. I can't seem to breathe. He raises a hand, cupping my face, says "I will see you in the morning."

"What. Why?" It is barely audible.

"I will tell you then." I watch as he turns and walks away.

I feel like everything has stopped. I can still feel his lips on mine. So what did I do. Why did he walk away. I may never know. He said he would tell me, but he may have just said that. I undress and get in the shower. As I am washing my body, it feels like every nerve ending is alive. I have never felt this aroused. Defeated, that's how I feel. 

I climb into bed, not interested in TV or reading. I fall asleep quickly into a dreamless sleep.

Knock knock.

I roll over. I am not sure why but I feel like crap. I am sad, and dispirited. 

Knock knock. The knocking is louder and more insistent. I open my eyes. Oh yea, the room, the kiss, and the emptiness after. I stumble to the door. As I am standing there, I can see myself not opening the door. I can just say "Go away." And climb back in bed. I know I should do this, but I also know I won't. I am weak. I open the door, there he is. The problem is I have just woken up. My hair is all over the place. 

"Wow. You look beautiful." His smile is almost mocking me. 

"I know I am not beautiful. Thanks though." Sarcasm drips off every word. I walk back into my room. Glancing at the clock, I see that it is almost 5. I turn and say "You couldn't get out of here fast enough last night. So you decide to wake me up at 4:45. I really don't understand you at all." I plop down on the bed. I am wearing sweats and a t-shirt.

"Trust me you don't want to." He stands in front of me, I try to stand, he grabs the upper part of my arms and pulls me up and into his body. His head bends toward mine. Before our lips touch, he swiftly pushes me back and I land on the bed. Wide eyed I look at him. I have never seen him in anything other than dress casual. Now he stood before me in red plaid pajama bottoms and a plain white shirt. He grabs my feet, taking my sweat pants in his hands, he removes them in one quick motion. Naked from the waist down, I grab the hem of my shirt to cover myself. He grabs my wrists in one hand, the hem of my shirt in the other, and pulls the shirt over my head. All I can hear is my pounding heartbeat and my shallow breaths. In this moment, I realize, I am exactly where I want to be. I relax. I am laying on a bed, in front of a man I barely know.

He pulls his shirt over his head, and lays down beside me. He gathers me into his arm, and gently kisses me. I feel the blood in my body begin to heat. As soon as his lips touch mine, I have a hand in his hair, I am plastering my body to his. I can not get close enough. My breath hitches, I want to touch him, I want him to touch me. My hands explore his face, down his neck, to his chest. I can feel his heartbeat under my palm. I gather courage and slide my hand lower. At the top of his pants I slowly slide my hand into the waistband. I feel soft springy hair. Then I feel something very hard. The heat radiates off of his cock. His skin is so soft and silky. I grasp his hard cock in my hand. He deepens the kiss. His hands cup my breast. He pulls on my nipple, I whimper. He begins placing soft kiss down my throats to my nipples. He opens his mouth and runs his tongue back and forth over their peaks. Suddenly my entire nipple is in his mouth, he sucks hard. I bite my lip to keep from screaming with pleasure. He bites down on my nipple, oh my, it is almost painful, just when it begins to be too much. He releases it. At the moment he released my nipple, I reached a peak. My orgasm is magnificent. When I became aware again, he is smiling down at me. 

I roll to my side, take a deep breath, and snuggle into his chest. His hands are running up and down my back. Slowly caressing me. After I get my bearings, I see he is still standing at attention. I slide up to a sitting position. I bend my head slowly toward his member. I part my lips, lick them slowly, as I lick my lips the tip of my tongue nips the tip of his erect cock. The quick intake of breath reaches my ear. I open my lips and slowly glide my mouth over his head onto his shaft. I can't reach the base of his cock, so I extend my neck. I feel him sliding even farther down to the back of my throat. I raise my head and ease him out. I swirl my tongue around the base of the head. I can not describe the taste. I suck out a few drops of pre-cum. 

I only make six passes on his cock before he grabs my upper arms and flips me to my back. I open my legs as he positions his body between them. I can feel him at the opening. He slowly begins to enter me. I can feel how wet I am. As he eases into me, moving deeper with every second. As he is completely buried in me, I begin to feel the quickening inside me. He flexes his hips, and I explode. He begins to move inside me, I can feel my orgasm gaining strength, as my muscles clinch on his rod deep inside me, I feel his explosive orgasm. 

Minutes pass, maybe more, he slowly eases out of me, pulls me to his chest, and as he is stoking my back, I fall into a satisfyingly deep sleep. When I open my eyes, the room is light. The bed beside me is empty. The only evidence that he was here is the stickiness in between my things, the soreness of muscles long out of use, and a white t-shirt. I pick it up and slip it on. I can smell his scent. I go to the restroom, and look in the mirror. My lips are swollen, my eyes look over bright. My hair is mused and tussled. I can not believe what I just did. I look for my phone, find it on the floor beside the bed. No missed texts or calls. 

After a hot shower, I am beginning to feel more human. I decide to eat then head to the venue for the wedding. I put makeup on, and head to my car. As I get closer, I see something under my wipers. I get closer and see a single red rose. It is a little wilted, I pick it up, smell it, the place it in my vase on my dash. 

I arrive at the wedding in time to instruct the decorating crew and the catering crew. My mom looks so beautiful. In now time at all, the wedding is over and I am back in my car. I smell the rose the instant I open the door. I go back to the hotel, I'm not up to driving home. 

I arranged to stay another night during the reception. I have checked my phone all day. Nothing. I have decided to send a text, I just need to know. 

Hey. It's Lauren. How was your day?

I send it and head to the bath. As I am soaking I let my mind wander back over last night. I can still feel his hands on me. Why hasn't he texted? Why do I want him to so bad? As I am drying my body off, I can see a few bruises. You would think I would have noticed getting them. They were a light blue and a little tender. I walk out onto the balcony after I wrap myself in a towel. The evening sun warms me.

I have not heard a peep from Dixon all day. The thoughts running through my head are insane. He thinks I'm a slut. He is married. He didn't enjoy last night. I am about to get seriously depressed when my text alert sounds. I run to my phone and look at the message. 

Honey. We will miss you. Thanks for all your help. Love Mom

I type out a no problem, and call downstairs for a bottle of wine. I do not drink much, so I'm not sure what to order. So I end up with a Pinot Grigio and a glass. I flip on the TV and watch Last Man Standing reruns. After the second glass, I'm actually laughing. The third glass makes me giggle. I stand to go to the restroom and feel lightheaded. I decide that's enough for tonight. I flip off the TV and lay down. When my head hits the pillow, all I can smell is Dixon. 

What did I do wrong? What can I do to fix it? Is there a way to fix it? Slowly I drift off to sleep. 

I heard a sound. What was that noise? I sit up and my head spins. Wow, note to self, no wine! As I am recovering I hear the sound again. The door is being opened and it is catching the chain. I stand, and slowly walk to the door. "Hello?" I call out.

"Lauren, it's me Dixon. Let me in." Comes the deep reply. 

I don't move. I am still buzzed and now I want to cry. Why is he here? I just want to lay back down. I do not want to think about this. I do not want to see him. If I open the door, I know what I will feel. I know what will happen if he touches me. I take a deep breath and slid closer to the door. 

"Dixon. What do you want? I am tired. I had a long day." I can hear a Trimble in my voice. It's not the way I want to sound. I want to sound cool and aloof. I have to keep my wits about me, and all I can think of is last night, or the night before. I'm not sure what time it is. I hear a soft rustling, and then, "Please Lauren. I need to see you."

I open the door a crack, I am still not sure, he grabs the door and opens it. I take a step back and look down. I feel the air move over me as he walks in and shuts the door. I am assaulted by his scent. I close my eyes. I feel his fingers on my chin tilting my head back up.

"Lauren. Please look at me." He whispers. 

I open my eyes, look above his eyes and half smile "Yes?"

"Please, don't shut me out." He is still whispering. 

I sharply inhale, "What? What do you mean don't shut you out. I have not heard from you at all. All day. I woke up and you were gone. So why don't you reevaluate who is shutting who out!" My voice wobbles embarrassingly in a few spots. I am almost yelling. 

"Babe, let me explain."