 It was a little over 20 years ago but it seems like yesterday - the day she started working in my office building. (I'll add that all of this is true and only the beginning of my relationship with this goddess.)

She walked into my life

I'll call her Lexy, just because it rhymes with sexy. haha

She got everyone's attention right away. Her office was visible on the first floor of a large downtown high rise building and I could see her from the front counter of my business. There were frequently several guys hovering around the lobby trying to get a closer look at her and quite a few had the balls to go into her office and approach her. I didn't. She was scary hot and I was married and trying to be a good boy and kept my distance. But I was watching...and wondering.

Describing Lexy

First her body. Damn she was blessed with good genes. She's 5'7" and always wears high heels so she seems taller. Her hair is blonde, long, thick and just gorgeous. Her mesmerizing green eyes, sexy lips and the most gorgeous and engaging smile I've ever seen highlight her face. Her breasts at the time were a perfect 34C, now 36DD ever since her upgrades.

Her abs are simply outrageous. I've never seen muscle tone like hers, that's why I say she was blessed with good genes. (I'm a photographer and have a major collection of pics of her. I'll post some after I figure out how). Her legs are sexy, muscular and well defined. Oh and I can't forget her sexy tan lines outlining her incredible body. She's a fantasy girl for sure. Oops how could I forget her ass? Most guys would say that's her best feature and I can't argue that but it's hard for me to choose what I like best about her body. She's a fully loaded model with all the options.

Even though she's undeniably hot looking, her personality is probably what stands out even more. Words I would use to describe her are elegant, classy, sultry, uninhibited and funny as hell. She's a fantastic dancer, every move she makes is sexy. She has a way of being able to say or do something dirty and make it seem clean and acceptable. That's personality.

Back to me

I was in my late 30's when we met and she was in her early 20's. We were both married.

Like I said, I kept my distance both because I didn't want to go down the cheating road but also because I was intimidated by her. Every time I walked by her office though, she gave me a great big smile. It became a regular thing, I would walk by and she would beckon me with that big smile and I would smile shyly back at her. Eventually I broke the ice and went into her office and introduced myself. She was even more attractive once I got close enough to talk to her. She was very warm and friendly and made it easy for me so it became a regular thing, me stopping in to chat with her.

Snack bar dude

I was friends with a guy named Bob that ran the snack bar. One day he was telling me that he had some interesting conversations with Lexy. She had told him she didn't have a good sex life with her husband along with a story about losing her virginity when she was 16. I thought WTF? Why was she telling him this? I needed to hear these stories right from the source, not from him. That pushed me to be a little more flirtatious and forward. She began to confide in me and told me many stories about her early sex life. I think lots of guys get jealous and don't want to hear about a girl's history but it was a major turn-on to me and seeing that made her want to tell me even more.

Getting sexual

After a while we were talking for hours each day. Cell phones minutes were still expensive in those days so I bought her a phone and paid for the minutes and we talked for over an hour every day while driving and also during work. She told her husband that her job provided the phone. She would tell me every time she had sex or masturbated. She would tell me her every sexual thought, her favorite position (doggy-style), her sex with her husband and stories about her past. (Which were mind boggling to me). Sometimes I would jerk off while driving and listening to her stories. One day I admitted to her that I had played around with a girl from work years earlier and the next day she had a confession for me. She told me that a lawyer who had come to visit her office frequently had been pushing to see her. One week when her husband was out of town she agreed to meet this lawyer for a drink. 

They made out in his car and he drove to a nearby hotel. He went inside and got a room in a flash and came back and took her to a room. He ripped her dress a little near the buttons (she kept wearing it and it was a reminder to me of her naughtiness) he was in such a hurry to get her naked. They had sex for a few minutes and she began to regret getting together with him and put her panties back on. He was dying for more so she told him he could jerk off on her to finish. She moved around sexy to turn him on until he blew his load on her stomach and tits. After she told me that story everything changed. I went from trying to be good to making sure if she would going to fuck anyone it would be me. So one day I told her that I had to have her. She smiled as if she was proud of herself for breaking me down.

Going in for the score

After I told her I had to have her it was just a few days till we agreed to meet after work. We went to a remote parking lot that was on the roof of a small building. I had looked into buying the building and knew it was a safe place to go. We got in the back seat of my car and started making out and after a very short time she blurted out with a big smile on her face, "you want to fuck me"?

She already knew the answer so she spread her legs and lifted her dress enough to show me her panties. She slid them to the side and showed me her pussy for the first time. Shit! I was in heat! She had previously told me how she was shaved (landing strip), but seeing that sweet pussy in person took my breath away. I didn't have a condom with me so I just pulled my pants down and penetrated her bare-back. There was no way I would last very long so I kept slowing down and pulling out. I was worried about where I would cum because I didn't want to make her pregnant and she still had a dress on and I didn't think it would make a good impression to cum all over her dress our first time. So at one point we stopped and ended up deciding to meet again and bring condoms next time. So I fucked her but I didn't cum and I was DYING for more. She made me wait for a few more days but the next time was incredible. She rode me so hard I thought she would break my cock and damn what a show she put on. She was dancing on my cock and showing off her incredible body. She loves being naked and who would blame her with a body like that? As soon as I came she started teasing me and got me hard and we did it again. 

That began a 2 year phase of us having sex everywhere possible, Cars, outside, hotels and frequently taking risk of getting caught, even getting others involved.

Mornings I would go early to see her in her office and she would sit where she couldn't be seen from the outside and show me her tits and pussy. Sometimes she would suck my cock for a few seconds at a time. It was very risky but our hormones were out of control. I was hard all the time.

So this begins my story with Lexy...more to come. I've just touched the surface.