 This should be read after first reading version 3.0 to background what is to follow.

I'm sitting on a deserted nude beach watching my beautiful wife being fucked by a new friend with a very large cock. She is in absolute ecstasy as he strokes in and out, his shaft fully inserted on the upstroke and only his balls showing. I am as excited by the experience as much as I had imagined in our many past fantasies. I reflect on what has led us to this unlikely but incredibly sensual situation. This is a dream come true for us both.

To do this I need to go back to our early teenage years. Neither Pam nor I had experienced sex with anyone else ever. We met in a small country town after finishing school and courted there until we married at a young age.

In the early years of our marriage I was quite the jealous husband. I trusted her but I was aware that as a young attractive and sexy woman she would create more than passing interest to other lecherous males. 

We had plenty of premarital sex. After we were married a few years sex, while enjoyable, became less of a novelty. We needed to spice it up a bit and I clearly remember our first fantasy. 

Genesis of our fantasies:

Pam worked as a secretary in the city and her boss was a relatively young man who I had met but did not know well. He was good looking and they got along extremely well. She once jokingly said that she would go after him if ever I strayed.

One night as we were having sex I asked if she ever fantasised with him and she said that she always did during sex but on other occasions too. She said it was fantasy based on a real life experience with him. She fantasised that he, not me, was fucking her She then opened up and told me what happened.

It had been a very hot Melbourne day. Like many young women she dressed scantily on really hot days. A long length semi see-through skirt ( I used to call it her 'Princess Diana' skirt), no pantyhose and a G string, short sleeve blouse and no bra. You could see her legs clearly when she was between a light source and you. The boss had commented on how sexy she looked when she arrived at work. She liked him praising her body in that manner.

They were both working late when he called her in for shorthand. The rest of the staff had gone home. He asked her to come around to the other side of his desk to look at something and he ran his hand up her skirt and gently rubbed her inner thigh. It felt nice so she didn't resist. He rightly took that as approval and slipped his hand inside her G string and fondled her clitoris. She was very wet and she loved it. She had been feeling sexy all day and was aware that she had turned him on.

It was the first time any other man had touched her erogenous zones and, accordingly, was a specially sensual experience for her. He asked whether she was enjoying it and she said she was. He took her hand and placed it on his trousers. He was rock hard and asked whether she would prefer his cock inside her instead of his finger. She said she would, but not there and not then. She told him she was off the pill because we were trying to conceive. He offered to go out and buy a condom but she said that she did not like or trust rubber and reluctantly had to reject his advances. 

She said she felt she had let him down. She had contributed to his arousal by arching her back and parting her legs a little so he could fully insert his finger and telling him how much she loved what he was doing to her. She thought about offering hand relief but felt that taking his cock in her hand would lead it to her mouth and then her vagina. The thought definitely appealed but the last thing she wanted was an ongoing sexual relationship with her boss. Moreover she did not wish to have any doubt about her first child's paternity.

She said that it was one of the hardest decisions she had ever made. She desperately wanted him to fuck her and rued the fact that she was off the pill. She wanted him so much that she almost took the risk. From that point forward she hungered for another man's cock.

She felt somewhat awkward working with him after that for a period but eventually they got back to a normal relationship. She liked him a lot and felt rather impressed and flattered by his bold approach. Moreover, she really did enjoy the experience. She told him that she would keep the matter strictly between the two of them.

I asked her why she waited so long to tell me and she said in her judgement I was not ready (she was so right!). She thought there was a possibility I would insist that she resign and that's the last thing she wanted because she loved working there.

This was the turning point for me. Her story aroused me like never before. Overnight I moved from being a somewhat controlling husband to one who wanted her to live out her fantasy. I came to terms with the fact that a woman inevitably has desires for other sexual experiences and why, in that case, should we men try to stand in their way. If the sex is safe and the marriage is not threatened, let them satisfy their needs.

For many months, every time we had sex after that I would ask her if she was wishing it was his cock and she always said she was. She said she fantasised that he stripped down to a completely naked state while she took off her G string and undid her blouse to reveal her bare breasts. He sat her up on his desk, licked her nipples and drove his big cock into her wet vagina. She said in the fantasy his cock was eight inches and she took it easily.

From that point the fantasies snowballed. Always initiated by me. Always a man fucking her. Never me fucking another woman. Black men, two men, taking them in her mouth, fucking her doctor - the list goes on. Always an eight inch cock. We reached a stage where we both craved it. We were aware that she could easily take a bigger cock than mine. She had come so close with her boss and had developed a strong desire for another man to fuck her. I also became convinced that I would approve if the situation ever arose.

In short I became a cuckold in waiting.

It was never our intention that she actively go after it. She is definitely not a loose woman. Not only did she not want to get involved with any local man after the experience with her former boss, but if an opportunity arose, how would she be able to tell whether he had a cock big enough to satisfy her?

Our special nude beach:

I love to go to 'our' nude beach. I am an exhibitionist by nature and the nude beach allows me the freedom to display my wares in a safe environment (i.e. no indecent exposure charges). I am 5'7" and weigh 154 pounds. I am a smoothy and have a good tan. My cock is 3 inches flaccid and 6 inches erect with a 6 inch girth. I love to stimulate it to a semi erect state and go walking along the beach for everyone to see.. Clothed men and women stroll the beach moving from the southern end to the northern end linking a national park hike. I'm sure many of the women like to perv on the naked men - me included. My cock looks big because of my relatively small stature and the fact that I have no pubic hair. I like to see the women looking at it as they pass by.

This is a highly arousing environment and I regularly look at the size of other men and imagine them fucking my wife.

I stress that I have no homosexual tendencies. I am definitely heterosexual. I love the female gender, not only for their sex appeal but also their psychological strength, their peace loving nature, their loyalty and the glue they provide for the family unit. 

For me a woman has more sex appeal dressed either in a bikini or sexy gear such as described above in what Pam was wearing to seduce her boss. I also love them in the nude but only in an environment where sex is about to happen. I don't get as much stimulation seeing a naked woman on a nude beach as I do a man.

And I do admire the male penis. If I look at porn it is more likely to be, for example, males masturbating at a nude beach. I look for the biggest cock and I love to see their ejaculations. I have masturbated on our nude beach myself and it is an incredibly nice experience, naked under the warm sun. I hasten to add that this only occurs on the rare occasion I go by myself and never in view of others.

Peter arrives

We were alone at the beach when Peter arrived. He came up to us and asked whether he could join us. As he did he dropped his shorts to reveal a very big cock and fully shaved body. We both went into meltdown at the sight of this superb specimen.

We talked for some time before it became obvious to me that there was chemistry between Peter and Pam.

Love at first sight:

Pam immediately fell in love with his body and particularly his cock. It was around six inches flaccid and we both knew what that meant erect. She knew he could be the fuck she had been dreaming of if she played her cards right. Really big beautiful cock, nice body, a no strings attached situation because he was unknown to us and us to him.

I was of the same opinion and seriously hoped that he or she would make a move. I didn't have to wait too long. Having such an attractive naked man lying next to her was too much to resist and, after giving him very obvious signs of her desire for him and receiving reciprocal signals, took his cock in her hand and stroked it.

Peter did what any red blooded male would do. Asked where they could go to fuck. He knew that I would not object because I had watched her working his cock without complaint. He assumed after seeing the size of mine that she would want his inside her. He was right.

The long wait is over:

As they got up to move away I could see that his cock, now semi erect, had extended and fattened to what | believed was about 7 inches. I could not help but think that Pam was about to have a perfect liaison.

For the next half hour or so I sat on my own, wishing I was there to watch but knowing that I had to honour my earlier promise to her that if she ever had another man I was not to be in the room. She wanted to feel free to do whatever she wished without the possibility of me not approving and interfering. I would never have done that but I could understand her position. My cock was hard and leaking precum and I almost had a hands-free ejaculation thinking about what was going on.

When they returned (only because others were arriving at the beach) it was obvious that she was in a state of bliss. She lay down next to me still leaking his semen and I remember thinking what a wonderful invention the pill was, giving a woman the same sexual freedom as men. She had taken a massive load and was not the slightest bit interested in cleaning up. I offered her a tissue but she declined on the basis that she wanted to absorb as much of him as she could, she even eased his leaking semen back inside her vagina. That's how much she loved her very first experience with another man, a man with a cock big enough to give her total satisfaction. 

Sex after Peter:

Our sex was, as a result, better than it had been for some time. No longer the need to imagine what it would be like for Pam. Rather a detailed description from her on what they did, how much satisfaction she got out of it and how much she wanted more.

She even said that she thought of his cock on a regular basis, always getting a very wet vagina in the process.

The cuckold gets to watch at last: 

Six months later when we returned to our nude beach they met up again. I subsequently learned that Pam had arranged the meeting. She knew where he worked and phoned ahead. She made a very early time so the beach would be deserted and they would be able to enjoy uninterrupted sex.

I was unaware of this and was somewhat surprised when they met again ' by chance'. However I was impressed by her initiative and gave my approval for her to be fucked by him provided I could watch. This was agreed by both. In fact Pam felt that she owed it to me to take part by watching.

We were in the low sand dunes at the back of the beach and I told them I would keep lookout so they could relax and enjoy each other to the fullest extent.

They laid out their towels and she immediately took his cock and lovingly stroked it until it was dripping precum. Peter slipped his finger up her vagina and fondled her cliteros. Pam surprised me by passionately kissing him on the lips while pressing her nude body against his, still stroking his cock. I didn't expect her to kiss him but she later said she simply acted instinctively out of excitement and passion for what was to come.

They were both highly aroused and what followed was, for me, beautiful sex between two very sexy people. 

I was in the front-on position watching this and getting very wet. When I saw his very big wet cock easily slip the full distance on the first thrust I nearly came. I had seen it fully erect for the first time and it was every bit eight inches. His balls were sitting on her vulva, all the shaft was inside her. Little wonder she lusted after it. I remember her groaning with pleasure as it reached its full length and saying ' that feels so beautiful! '

He ran his hands up and down across her tummy from her clitoris to her breasts, ever so sensually. He fondled her rock hard nipples and kissed the back of her neck. He had her in a permanent state of orgasm. He asked her if she liked his cock and she said "I love it".

He asked her if it felt better than Robert's and she said "much much bigger and much better".

She asked him to pull out from time to time and re-enter because to her it feels like she is being fucked multiple times. Each time she would take it in her hands and guide it back in. On one occasion she looked at me and mouthed the words 'you do it' and I took his wet throbbing cock in my hand and guided it back. When it slipped to full length I cupped his balls in my hand in the knowledge that they were soon to fill her full of his semen. After another five minutes or so I heard him say "sweety I'm about to explode" and Pam replied "please hold back and keep fucking me". 

"No I can't, keep stroking my balls" he pleaded and she obliged. He came with three or four powerful thrusts and then relaxed. I could tell from her actions that she felt his ejaculations. I wasn't surprised given that he was two inches deeper inside her than my cock had ever been.

Peter pulled out and rested his wet cock on her inner thigh then rolled onto his back. Pam turned and took it in her mouth. Eventually she rolled onto her back, legs apart with a virtual river of semen leaking from her vagina - a beautiful sight which turned me on to such an extent that I entered her, lubricated by his semen and my copius precum. She took Peter's still erect cock in her hand as I fucked her, later explaining that she needed to have a physical connection with it because I did not feel big enough for her at that time. 

After I came she said psychologically it felt so nice to have his and my semen in her at the same time.

Best moments for the cuckold:

The whole experience was amazing but there were some particularly sensual moments for me.

I loved it when their two naked bodies came together for the first time. I was about to watch my wife being fucked!

The way she placed the head of his cock inside the lips of her vagina, held it there and stroked his long shaft with her fingers before letting it go. I could see the full length of his shaft, the head completely immersed in her.

The ease by which it slipped to its full length. To see only his balls resting on her vulva was beautiful as was her caressing his balls as they rested there.

Clearly their climax and after when I saw semen on his cock and leaking from Pam's vagina. Visual proof for me that she had taken his load.

Would I watch again? Definitely yes - in the knowledge that this is reward for a perfect wife who is loyal, has not slept around and deserves the opportunity to experience a cock which completely satisfies her. We both know that Peter is a one-off fling and not a threat to our marriage. Pam has no desire to experience anyone else because she has been fucked by Mr Perfect.