 Billings Chevrolet is a small dealership in our hometown. Guelph is a rural town with a population of about seven thousand surrounded by farms. 

Billings Chevrolet sold about a hundred or so units a year. About fifty - fifty cars and trucks. I worked for Larry Billings as his number one office girl looking after most of the bookwork. My husband Rick was one of the three mechanics Billings employed in his service department.

I had been fucking Billings for the past three years and in return I had a company car at my disposal as well as some generous bonuses in my pay packets.

I think Rick had a pretty good idea Billings was getting into my pants and seemed to enjoy eating the cream pies I brought home. Rick was not the jealous type, one time we had one of his buddies at our place drinking and we ended up having a threesome with him.

One of the perks working for Billings was the "bird dog" fee. Each time I got a customer to purchase a vehicle from Billings I got a finder's fee, usually fifty bucks.

 .............................................

There was a Chevy 50 series in stock that had been special ordered and then the deal collapsed. It was an ugly green cab and chassis with a humungous gasoline engine and a two-speed transmission. The truck was nearing having a birthday on the lot and had nearly a hundred clicks on it from just moving it around the lot. Billings was desperate to get rid of it and free up the money he had tied up in it. He offered a hundred dollars "bird dog" to whoever could find a buyer to get it off his hands.

Jim Fletcher was a local farmer who supplied Greenwoods Downs with their hay and straw. He delivered over a hundred bales a week to the track. Fletcher was using a nine-year-old Dodge truck hat was on its last legs. I figured he would be a good prospective buyer for Billings' white elephant.

Fletcher was an old friend of Alf Lepage who had the local Dodge dealership. When Fletcher decided to trade he would likely go to Lepage to deal and Dodge trucks were cheaper than Chevrolet. It was up to me to get him to buy Billings' truck.

It was a sunny July afternoon when I drove up to the Fletcher homestead outside of town. Billings had eagerly given me the afternoon off to see if I could entice Fletcher into a deal.

Jessie Fletcher was in the yard hanging some laundry on the line as I got out of my Malibu.

"Jim's in the barn if you want to see him." Jessie yelled.

I waved my greetings to her and headed towards the big red barn.

The barn was dimly light and I found Fletcher working on his John Deere windrower. He was surprised to look up and see me standing there in a short cotton summer dress. 

"Hi Jim, I come to offer you a deal you can't refuse." I said.

Jim looked at me perplexed. I explained to him that I was here to make a deal with him to buy the Chevy truck. I told him Billings was willing to match Lepage's price on the same size Dodge and I was willing to sweeten the deal. While he looked at me puzzled I lifted the hem of my dress up to my waist, I was wearing no panties.

We fucked in the loft on a mound of sweet smelling hay. I stripped totally naked for the old hick and let him ride me like a brood mare. 

Billings was amazed when Fletcher marched into his office to buy the truck. He never thought I would go through with fucking the old farmer for a hundred bucks.

 ...........................................

Billings and I would fuck in his office almost everyday. He was a good screw and got me off most of the time. Usually he would hike my skirt up over my ass while I bent over his desk, pull down my panties and shove his thick cock into my hungry cunt.

Billings did not care that I fucked his customers to get them to buy from him. As long as he got his piece of ass when he wanted I was free to fuck whomever I wanted.

"I got a terrific deal for you to work on Michelle." Billings said after dumping a load of cum in me. "Cliff Malloy is replacing the fleet of company cars, ten units."

Cliff Malloy was the manager of the Guelph office of Morden and Helwig Insurance Adjusting. Each of their adjusters was supplied with a loaded full size automobile.

Ten loaded Impalas would represent a nice size bird dog. I called Malloy at his office and arranged to meet him that night for dinner.

Malloy was old enough to be my father or maybe even my grandfather. A short portly gray hair jovial guy who always had a flattering remark whenever or paths crossed. 

 ................................................

Malloy had a good idea why I had asked him to dinner. He knew I was going to give him a spiel on why he should buy his new cars from Billings; he just didn't know how far I would go. 

Cliff was waiting at the table when I made my entrance into the El Toreador dining room. I wanted to make a good impression when he saw me so I could seduce him into seeing things my way.

I wore a figure hugging floor length black sheath with a side split almost up to my waist. The bodice was dangerously low held by spaghetti straps that displayed a generous expanse of my décolleté. Panty lines did not mar the smooth flow of the material; I was naked under the dress.

I spent three hours in the salon having my hair done, a manicure and a Brazilian wax treatment. I was ready to deal.

"You look lovely tonight Michelle." Malloy said as he rose to greet me.

The evening started with sociable small talk until I steered it to his new car acquisition. We were on our second bottle of Chardonnay and talking quite frankly.

"You sign the order and I will fuck your brains out!" I blatantly proposed.

I knew by the look on his face I had him.

 .............................................

The Pillar and Post is a luxurious motel just outside of the town limits. The room cost seventy-five bucks but it was going on Billings' credit card. I had booked in and picked up the key before meeting Malloy so we could go right into our room when we arrived.

I had set the lights and tuned the radio into a FM station that played uninterrupted romantic music. Tom Jones was wailing "The Green Grass of Home" when we entered. A bottle of Dom Perignoin was chilling in the ice bucket. 

"Pour us a drink while I get comfortable." I said as I headed into the bathroom.

I emerged from the bathroom wearing only black patent heels and a pearl necklace. Malloy's eyes almost popped out of his head as he beheld at my naked body.

There were no bra or panty marks on my fair skin and my bald pussy was as smooth as a baby's bottom.

"You like?" I asked, as I turn round in front of him. 

The expression on his face answered my question.

I took the flute of champagne from his hand and filled my mouth with the chilled bubbly wine. With my mouth full of champagne I knelt in front of him and took his cock out of his trousers. His cock was hard as it went into my mouth to be bathed in the champagne. Sealing my lips around his shaft so as not to loose any of the wine I gave his cock a delightful bubble bath.

Slowly I swallowed the champagne until there was only my tongue caressing his throbbing cock. Up and around my tongue swirled tantalizing his sensitive member. My hand was wrapped around the base of his cock milking it into my mouth.

Swiftly he surrendered his first load of cream which I greedily swallowed allowing only a token amount to escape from my lips and drip down my chin onto my bare breasts.

Malloy moaned his relief as he drained his sperm into me. At this point he would have signed an order for fifty new cars.

As Malloy undressed for the main event I drank another glass of champagne to wash the salty taste of sperm from my mouth.

Once Malloy was naked I positioned myself in the middle of the large bed on my elbows and knees, my bare ass high in the air.

"Does your wife let you fuck her in the ass?" I teased the old codger.

Malloy had a wicked grin on his face as he climbed onto the bed behind me.

I felt the head of his cock press against my sphincter and the pressure as my tiny brown starfish yielded to his ramrod and he entered my bowels.

I have been fucked in the ass by some pretty big dicks so Malloy's eight inches was no challenge. Gripping my hips he pulled me onto his cock like he was shoving a knife into its sheath.

"Oh yes, play with my clit!" I begged him.

His right hand released my hip and came around to find my aching clitoris.

Oh yes baby, that's it!" I groaned as he began working my swollen trigger.

Malloy was humping my ass like I was a stray bitch in heat.

My ass was rotating in small circles puling Malloy's cock with it. We were in fuck frenzy as my tits swung in wild abandonment. Malloy's pelvis slammed into my ass again and again driving his meat hammer deep inside my asshole.

The pace was too brutal, Malloy's cock exploded like a stick of dynamite launching another load of his cum, this time far up my rectum.

My ass cheeks clenched his cock squeezing every drop of his cream from his cock.

Eventually I released my grip on Malloy's spent cock and allowed him to withdraw from m still dripping residual cum. Malloy moved around to my head and offered his cock fresh from my asshole to my mouth.

Fearlessly I opened my mouth and took his stinking juice coated dick into my head.

He was bitter with residual cum and secretion from the walls of my dirt chute. Unconcerned I sucked the filthy thing clean.

Another glass of champagne to rid my mouth of the taste of crud. Malloy must have swallowed a Viagara before we met, as he was getting hard again!

"How do you want to do it this time?" I asked him.

Malloy opted to use my pussy this time. I convinced him to let me get on top and do all the work while I rode his cock like a nymphomaniac cowgirl. 

He lay on his back with his resurrected cock pointing at the ceiling. Carefully I straddled his hips and lowered myself onto his erection.

He slid into me easily and quickly I had all of his cock swallowed in my hungry fuck hole.

"Hang on baby!" I cried as I started to ride his boner.

I was like a wildcat bouncing up and down on his shaft. My tits bounced insanely as I pounded his cock deeper and deeper into my sloppy cunt. I knew he would not be able to handle too much of this intense all-out fucking.

His body stiffened under me and he emitted a groan of agony as I stole yet another load of cum from his beleaguered cock.

Malloy was defeated; I had sucked every drop of cum from him he was able to produce. Exhausted I lay atop him letting his spent dick soak in our love juices.

"Had enough?" I asked him.

Begrudgingly he admitted he was beaten.

 ............................

It was after midnight when I got home that night. Rick was already in bed as I snuck into the bedroom and joined him naked in bed.

I took his hand and carefully placed it on my sodden pussy so his fingertips were in Malloy's mess. Groggily he awakens just as I sat on his face. I felt my husband's tongue snake into the cream pie I had brought him from my night's adventure.

Of course Billings was ecstatic that I had closed the deal with Malloy and upgraded my demo from the drab Malibu to a cute red SSR convertible.

 .................................

I am now working on a deal with old Merv Anderson the Town's Works manager for half a dozen pickups.