  All characters in this story are over 18 and all situations are fictional. So if you think I'm talking about you, c'mon, really...get over yourself. 

*

"Maybe this week isn't a wash after all."

It was a strange thought considering the situation: The cute blond bent over the women's bathroom counter, skirt pushed up around her hips and lacy black thong pushed to the side, moaning and calling my name as my dick pistoned in and out of her.

But I'm getting ahead of myself. Let me start from the beginning. 

I'm a photographer with a book publisher. I took the job several years ago after moving to New York following my divorce, which was thankfully amicable. Things just didn't work out and we parted as friends. 

The job keeps things interesting: Shooting covers for various books in the on-site studio and traveling the country to do authors' portraits and stock photography for book illustrations. 

But the most enjoyable aspect of the job would be my coworkers. Mostly women in their twenties and thirties, all cute and enjoyed flirting. It was all innocent, of course. Just something to make the work day a little more fun. I was your typical "nice guy" in his early thirties, so I enjoyed the attention but thought nothing of it. 

Until that Friday with Emily.

I was working a little past five in the room that everyone called "The Cave." It's a long room we used for doing our digital pre-press work and where kept the servers. We kept it dark to reduce the glare and cool for the servers, hence the name. 

I had just arrived back in town earlier that afternoon and was retouching a portrait of a decrepit author who was writing a tome detailing the history of molecular biology (riveting stuff, no doubt). I thought I would be able to work without interruptions when the door opened. 

"Great," I sighed. "Someone wanting a last minute photo pulled from the database. There goes my night." I didn't even look up.

"Hey, stranger!" I heard a voice that was as attractive as its owner. "I didn't think you'd be back until this weekend."

I looked up to be graced by Emily's beaming face. To say she was cute was the understatement of all time. She embodied the All American image: About 5'1, short blond hair that came to just above her shoulders, perfectly proportioned curves, amazing green eyes and a smile that made you melt. The crowning touch, though, was that she was the sweetest, most genuine person you could ever meet. We got along wonderfully and I had the world's biggest crush on her.

The problem with that was Lance, her husband. He was the male embodiment of Emily: Good looking, great personality. You wanted to hate the guy for that alone, but the fact that he had Emily just gave you that much more ammunition. The only problem was that he was just as likable as his amazing wife. Always stopping by to say hello when he came by the office talking sports and all of the other "guy" things.

"Yeah, I wanted to get back early to get the work done," I said. "And I had to get a way from Dr. Dorkenstein. They guy talked about God knows what the entire time. He was a great guy, but I have no idea what in the hell he said."

"Poor baby," she giggled, cocking her head to the side. "Better than being stuck in the office." God she drove me crazy.

"So what's up?" I inquired.

Suddenly her demeanor changed to an unusual nervousness. "Oh, um," she stammered. "I was going to leave you a note but, um, since you're here.....I have... a possible favor to ask."

I was interested in what could have this kind of effect on her normally unflappable demeanor. Hiding a body? Blackmail? Doing her taxes? All she had to do was flash that smile and I was the man for the job.

"I was wondering if you could do a little Photoshop work for me. Um, some, like......personal stuff?"

The way she slowly dragged out the two words set off bells in my head and immediately peaked my interest.

"Sure, shouldn't be a problem. What do you have?" I answered, all too happy to get involved.

She produced a cd and I pulled my laptop from my briefcase, careful not to do any personal work on the company's computers. I popped it in to the cd-rom slot and she touched my wrist, making the hairs on the back of my neck stand up. 

"I just wanted to say that if this makes you uncomfortable in any way, please say so."

"Ummm, okay," I said with a confused look on my face. Okay, now I was REALLY interested in what was on this cd.

I double clicked on a image icon, my eyes opened wide and mouth dropped open when the image appeared on the screen: It was of Emily lying on a bed, legs spread and a vibrator between her perfect pussy lips. The look on her face, with her eyes closed and her mouth slightly open, could only be described as pure pleasure. 

I think I set a world record for getting a hard-on.

I sat there in shock for about five seconds, then came to my senses long enough to say a quick prayer of thanks. Emily, though, took my reaction wrong.

"Oh, I am so sorry!! I didn't mean to...". 

I cut her off immediately. There was no way in hell I was letting this jackpot go. 

"No no no no no no, " I assured her. "I'm just, well, shocked. I never thought, I mean, you seem so, I, I....wow."

"I am human, you know" she laughed.

"Oh you are that," I said under my breath, finally coming to my senses and regaining my professionalism all while trying to hide my raging boner. "So, what exactly can I do for you?" I asked in my best "I'm-a-professional-but-Oh-My-God-I want-to-screw-you" voice.

"Wellll," she said, "we're looking to put out a couple of ads for new, um, 'friends', so I was wondering if you could blur the faces ... you know, that sort of thing. Don't want the rest of the world knowing what Lance and I do in our off time."

"Sure, no problem," I said. "Mind if I look through the rest of them? You know, just to edit through and find the right photo. I am a professional, you know."

She threw back her head and laughed. "Oh, you're so bad. Let me help."

With that, she sauntered over to my chair, hips swaying and sat on my right leg, her legs straddling my thigh. I could feel the heat between her legs on my leg. I placed my hands on her hips to steady here. She felt incredible.

She opened several more amazingly sexy photos, stopping at one in particular. 

"Anyone look familiar?" she asked.

In the scene was Emily, lying on her back with a young brunette going to town between Emily's legs and Lance taking the brunette from behind; everyone was obviously enjoying themselves. I focused my eyes to identify the mystery woman.

"I don't know ... looks kind of like ... no!!! Jessica?!?!?" It was one of our hot little college interns. "Wow! I had no idea. She seemed so ... sweet and innocent!"

"Oh, she's sweet all right ... tastes very sweet," cooed Emily. "But innocent? Not so much." I noticed that Emily now had her left hand behind her, stroking my hard-on through my jeans. 

"Note to self," I thought. "Get to know the interns better."

"This one is my favorite," said Emily, double clicking on a file. A photo opened up with the most incredible sight I've ever seen: Emily and Jessica, legs intertwined, grinding pussies. 

"Ohhhhhhh," I groaned, leaning back in my chair. "Are you TRYING to give me a heart attack!?!?"

Emily swung around in the chair, her legs straddling me and pussy pressed up against my dick. "But then I couldn't do this," she whispered, leaning to me, pressing her lips to mine and pushing her tongue into my mouth.

I moved my hands to her face, holding her as I returned her kiss with all my might. As minutes passed, she began rubbing her breasts, pussy, her entire body against mine intensifying the passion. 

I broke the kiss, suddenly brought back to reality by a sobering thought.

"Wait," I said panting. "Lance. Obviously he digs sharing you with other women, but what about ..." I trailed off. She was hot, but no woman was worth being killed by a jealous husband. She came damned close, though.

A smile came over Emily's beautiful face. 

"Usually not but he likes you, so he's been suggesting I bring you home," she cooed in between running her tongue around the edge of my ear, sending chills up my spine. "I'm more than happy to oblige."

"Another note to self," I thought. "I owe Lance a beer. Many, many beers."

We began making out again, only with her to break the kiss minutes later. 

"Okay, close up your computers. Then, the women's bathroom. Now."

I walked as she walked out, then snapped out of my trance, shutting down computers in record time. 

I hauled ass out of the room and down the hall to the meeting place. I burst through the door to find my sexual muse sitting on the counter, leaning against the wall with her legs spread and rubbing her sex. 

With a purpose I've never known before, I walked up to her and kissed her passionately. Then, in a single fluid motion, I lifted her off the counter, placed her on her feet on the floor and knelt down, reaching beneath her skirt and pulling the black lace thong to her knees. 

I dove tongue first into her pussy as she released a loud guttural moan. After alternating between sucking on her perfect little clit and parting her lips with my tongue, I decided to do a little recon and find out how tight she was. I slid two fingers (the width of my dick .. hey, I have a lot of alone time, okay?) into her extreme wetness, stretching the tight space as I sucked with abandon on her clit.

After about a minute of this assault on her pussy, I could tell by her increased whimpering that she was close to coming, so I removed one finger and began lightly stroking her g-spot as I continued sucking on her clit. Immediately her head snapped back and her bottom lip began quivering. It seemed to spread down her body as she started shaking. She came, moaning a steady stream of, "Oh, fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck ..." as her pussy tightened and fluid started running down her leg. I reveled in a job well done.

She looked down at my Cheshire Cat smile, her eyes wide and chest heaving, trying to catch her breath. "Okay, explain to me again: Why in the hell are you still single?".

I stood up, grinning. "My turn," as I unzipped my pants and spun her around. She dutifully bent over and raised up her skirt, showing me what, to this day, I still consider the perfect ass. 

Suddenly a panic hit me. "Um, I don't have a condom," I said. 

"On birth control. Do it. Now."

I pulled out my dick, more turned on than I ever had been in my life and was in Heaven as I slid into her. We both moaned as I grabbed her hips and started moving in and out. I knew I wouldn't last long, so I started fucking her with everything I had. She apparently had the same game plan as she started pushing back just as hard in perfect rhythm. I looked at her in the mirror in front of us, her beautiful face in ecstasy, our eyes locking. 

After a few minutes, her pussy began to tighten around my dick, sending me over the edge. We came hard together, my hands griping her hips. As the orgasms subsided, we stood still for a minute, relishing the calm after the storm. I slowly backed up, sliding out of her. She turned around panting and leaned back against the counter exhausted. 

We stood staring into each other's eyes for what seemed like years when she touched my face lightly and whispered, "I've done a lot of things, but that might have been the most intense. Really."

I lightly kissed her when we heard a light moan and broke the kiss. Emily and I looked to my left and saw Amanda, our attractive boss leaning against the wall, with her right hand down her suit pants. She was slowly rubbing herself, apparently recovering from her own carnal high. 

"Damn, I just came in for a couple of files. I didn't know I would get a show as well ...".

[To Be Continued] 