 Jess rested one hand on the window ledge, her breath clouding the cold glass. She looked out on one of the most stunning views of East River, the skyline and the boats setting it off, but she hardly saw anything. She felt his frantic kisses as his soft lips travelled up her legs, and felt his tongue flicking her skin every so often, and his hands grasp her butt cheeks hard. She wanted him badly, she wanted this badly. He was the one guy that treated her well, listened to her and valued her opinion about everything. He had no idea yet, but she was about to close a multi-million deal with his company, and had already told his CEO the only reason she did it was because of him. She'd had a feeling about him, his gentle manner, his sensuous care about his surroundings... he was sensitive. He was sexually attracted to her - she saw the bulges, the quick stares at her body that were so complimentary - but he was also shy. His body told her that he wanted her, but his words and actions were professional, refusing to cross the line.

Just last night, as she shaved her pussy in the hotel room, she had wondered if he would be turned off by her aggressiveness. But as she touched her clit, she realized that she was actually wet thinking of him, and decided she was going to go for it. He deserved a chance, heck, she deserved it. Just allowing herself to think about it made her even hornier - and she hurried from the bathroom to the bed, almost quivering in anticipation as she reached for her handbag. Her pussy was only half shaven, and soapy water ran down her inner thighs, the white cotton hotel-issued robe open down the front. She was aware of each sensation, the cold tile in bathroom giving way to the carpet, the touch of the soft suede on the bag, each texture almost painfully intense. She groped around in her bag, and pulled out her favorite toy at times like this - her Rabbit - and flung herself on her back, drawing up her legs. For a few seconds, she caught her breath and lay motionless enjoying the moment. The room was really well done, the sheets soft, and she had some R&B playing on the CD, and she took a deep contented breath. She turned on the Rabbit, and inserted it into herself, already easy to do with all the juices flowing. She moaned softly, thinking of the possibilities, her free hand touching her naked body, her breasts ...

That was yesterday, and the intensity of the memory suddenly made her gasp. It was actually happening!

She pulled off her dress and took off her bra, repositioning herself, her breasts free and nipples hardened. Just like yesterday, she was again aware of each sensation. Goose bumps on her butt, a stickiness between her legs, her feet yearning to get out of the heels and feel the wood floor. As the cool air hit her body, she threw her head back, her blonde hair falling on her shoulders and sighed deeply.

'Everything okay, Jess?' Charlie was choked up, trying to get his voice, his hands starting to release their hold.

'Nothing, babe, don't stop' she whispered with urgent passion, 'I just love what you are doing.'

He chuckled and then put his hand between her legs, probing and gently moving. She moaned as she realized where he was going and spread her legs wider, willing him to touch her. She bit her lower lip as his fingers touched her pussy lips, massaging them. He was kissing her butt, crushing her butt cheek with his free hand. Suddenly, she started with a gasp - he was playing with her clit and exquisite pleasure was exploding between her legs. There was a sudden rush of juices and she swore she felt herself drip.

Then she realized with a shock that he was licking her from behind, between her ass and pussy, long, greedy licks. He licked upwards, towards her ass hole, and she gasped again as his tongue rimmed her and started to enter her. The combination of sensations was too much and she lost control, crushing her nipples in rhythm with the pulsing that was going through her lower body, a pounding in her pussy that started to swell. Her clit was erect, a stubborn piece of flesh in the soft wetness around it and his fingers played with it, pulling it, squeezing it.

'Baby, Charlie ...' she almost muttered it through clenched teeth, as she came hard, her legs quivering with the tension.

'Nice, Jess?', she could hear the grin in his voice,' We have a long night - there more of that coming, if you want...;

Want? She couldn't speak yet, and just leaned against the cool glass. Of course she wanted.

[Next - the final part of The Deal]