 One night I was sitting watching tv fresh from my bath. I was enjoying a cup of tea when my front door opened. I was startled but only for a moment. 

Steve walked in. He came to my chair and knelt to kiss me. I looked up to see he wasn't alone. There in the doorway stood a man I had never met before. Steve said, "Have a seat Dave."

I pulled at my robe trying to cover my nakedness underneath.

Steve laughed and said, "Baby, there's no reason to be shy. You have a beautiful body. I am sure Dave will appreciate it as much as I do." He opened my robe below the waist.

I looked down and reached to close it again. I stood and said, "Would you boys like a drink?" 

Steve pulled me closer to him and untied my robe and said, "No Baby, we are here to collect on my deal."

I froze and said, "We?"

Steve said, "Yes. We. Tonight I want to play. Its Dave's birthday so you and I are going to give him a little party. You don't object, do you?"

I stared at Steve and then looked at Dave. They were serious. I wasn't sure what Steve had in mind but I was certain it was something I had never done before.

Steve untied my robe and was taking it off my shoulders as I was trying to prevent it from happening. He frowned down at me and said, "Vicki, don't make us play rough, unless you like it rough?"

I kept trying to cover myself. Then I felt Dave's hands pulling my robe down off my arms and holding my arms behind my back.

Steve smiled and said, "her bedroom is this way." Steve led the way while I followed with Dave still holding my arms behind my back. Steve opened my bedroom door and Dave pushed me inside. Steve closed and locked my bedroom door. He turned to me. Looking at my naked body he said, "We can do this two ways. I can tie you up or you can cooperate and we will all have some fun."

I tried to back away from Dave but Steve was there and when I tried to back away from Steve Dave was there.

I was trying to figure a way out of my situation when Dave spoke, "Man, lets just tie her up then we can have all the fun we want."

Steve looked at Dave then me and said, "She will be more fun if she does this willingly. Let's give her a chance to cooperate."

I was standing totally naked between these two men. I couldn't come up with any idea of how to get out of this. I was really getting nervous.

Steve looked at Dave and said, "Just wait until you see how she reacts to different ways of stimulation. Since it's your birthday, what position do you want to do first?"

Dave looked me up and down and said, "Does she give good head?"

Steve pushed me to the floor and said, "Well, you tell me."

Steve stood above me to make sure I behaved as Dave stripped off his clothes. He stood in front of me with his cock pointing at my mouth. Steve pushed my face closer to Dave's cock and said, "You will cooperate won't you Vicki? If not we will tie you up and make you."

I gave his cock a quick little lick. I was trying to think of a way to put a stop to this, but as soon as my lips tasted his cock I wanted to have it in my mouth. I moved my hands up to hold his cock and guide it in and out of my mouth. He loved it. Steve said, "Easy guys, not too fast we have a lot of time to play yet."

I turned to Steve and began to undo his jeans. I set his cock free and began to lick and suck it. There was no forcing to it so I guess you could say I decided to cooperate.

Dave walked over and sat on the bed and watched. He was stroking his cock not to make himself cum but to keep himself hard. Dave said, "Steve, bring her this was. We can enjoy her together."

Steve walked and I crawled over to the bed. I stopped sucking Steve's cock and waited to see what they had in mind. Dave had a big smile on his face. They sat there looking at me and whispering amongst themselves. Finally Dave turned my stereo on. Steve ordered me to get on the bed. I sat on the bed. The guys sat on each side of me. They began to touch me. Whatever

Steve did to my right side Dave did to the left. They licked, kissed, and sucked me all over. I was enjoying it too. Until Steve said,"Dave do you like anal sex?"

Dave looked at me and then at Steve and said,"Don't tell me you have already got her to do that?"

Steve laughed and said,"Not only have I got her to do it, she loves it."

They had been sucking my nipples when they started talking now they were staring at each other across my chest. Steve said,"Man I got a great idea." 

They sat up and talked as if I weren't even there.

Then I was moved and positioned, it was like I didn't have a say in anything that was going to happen. Steve stood me up and placed my hands on the dresser and said,"You remember how we did it the last time and how much you enjoyed it, right?" I nodded.

He positioned his cock to enter my ass and then he sat back down on the bed holding me against him. Dave moved in front of us and knelt to eat my pussy. He concentrated on my clit while Steve was slowly easing his cock into my ass. Then Dave stood to play with my tits.

Steve said,"Man have you ever double penetrated a woman before. You know like in the good porn movies?"

Dave looked at Steve and then at me and said,"No, but she looks like she is ready for both of us." 

Dave edged closer and eased his cock into my pussy. I had a cock in my ass and a cock in my pussy what could have been better. Dave leaned down to suck one my nipples as Steve slipped his hand around to squeeze the other.

They came several times and I lost count of how many times I came. When we were all spent I could barely move. Steve was the first to move. He stood and said,"Dave its time to go."

Steve walked over and kissed me and they left. I didn't try to stop them or to argue I just watched as they left. I knew he would pick his check up off the mantle on his way out the door.

That night I did a lot of thinking. I wasn't sure what was happening to me or what to do to stop it. I vowed to myself that somehow I would find away to put a stop to it and soon. I knew I had a busy week coming up so I had to get my mind back to normal things and would find a way to get out of this situation later. I did my laundry and had Sunday dinner with my sister and her family. Once again she quizzed me about what was bothering me but I still didn't want to talk about it.

That night I had my shower and was sitting drinking a cup of tea when my phone rang. I somehow knew without picking it up that it was Steve. I picked up the receiver and said, "Hello."

Steve said,"Hi Vicki, I hope you enjoyed last night? We did."

I didn't answer but waited for him to continue. 

When I didn't respond he then said,"Dave, and I are best friends so I hope you didn't mind us sharing last night?"

Again I didn't respond but waited on him to continue. 

"Well the reason I called is Dave and his wife have invited me over to dinner and told me to bring a guest. I would like you to accompany me. Would you come to dinner Saturday night?"

I sat there for a moment completely dumbfounded. I stared at the receiver like I couldn't have heard him right. Then I found myself saying,"I will have to think it over. When should I let you know by?"

He sighed and said," How about I call you back on Thursday and you can give me your answer then."

I agreed and we said goodnight. I sat there in shock. This really through me for a loop. Did he and I have a relationship or what? I finally finished my tea and went to bed.

My week was busy and passed quickly. Before I knew it Thursday came and went. I didn't hear from Steve so I figured he had changed his mind.

Saturday I was watering my flowers when my phone rang, but before I could get to it the answering machine picked up. I got to it in time to hear Steve say,"Hi baby, I will be by at 6 to pick you up for dinner. Dress casual, it will just be the four of us, dinner, a few drinks and maybe a game of cards to pass the time. 

 I showered and did my hair and then had a hard time deciding what to wear. I was going to have dinner with two men I had recently had sex with and one of their wives, what does one wear to a dinner like that. I finally decided on a denim skirt and a modest blouse with a pair of sandals.

Steve pulled in at 6 on the dot. He got out of his truck as I walked out. He greeted me with a kiss on the cheek and led me to the passenger side door of his truck. He opened the door for me and helped me climb in. His actions always seem to take me off guard.

We drove for a few miles then I asked,"Steve, Just how am I supposed to behave around Dave's wife after having sex with her husband?"

He looked over at me and smiled,"Barbra isn't going to know unless you tell her. You don't plan to tell her do you?"

I looked at him and shook my head no.

He laughed and said,"Good, this is supposed to be a nice dinner so they can get to know you not mine and Dave's murder."

Barbra met us at the door. She smiled and took me into her arms for a warm and friendly hug as soon as Steve made the introductions. I liked her. So I offered to help her in the kitchen. She fixed drinks for the guys and sent me to deliver them. While her and I enjoyed our wine while we cooked, we laughed and talked just like old friends.

I set the table and then we called the guys to dinner. We had dinner and desert and I didn't look Dave in the eyes one time. When we finished with dinner I helped Barb clear the table and load the dishwasher. The guys went back into the den to find a movie for us all to enjoy. When we entered the den, we saw the guys had candles lit. Barb nudged me in the ribs and said,"Looks like our guys want to play." I stared at her trying to figure out just what she meant by that.

Steve was sitting on the love seat with the footrests kicked up and Dave was on the sofa with his foot rest kicked up as well. I followed Barbra into the room she walked over and sat beside Dave kicking her shoes off as she scooted closer to him. I walked over to Steve and sat down choosing to leave my shoes on.

Dave looked around and said,"Are we all comfortable, Vicki you might want to remove your shoes and get comfortable."

I removed my shoes but didn't dare look at Dave.

After he was certain I was comfortable Dave picked up the remote and started the movie. To my surprise, it was a porn movie. I looked over and Barb was curled up against Dave with her hand resting on his thigh. The moaning from the tv drew my attention back to the tv. I turned toward the tv and Steve took that as an opportunity to pull me closer to him. I didn't resist but nestled in closer to him. I tried to keep my mind off the movie and think about other things. Steve had his arm around me. He was making little circles on my shoulder with his finger and that was making it hard to keep my concentration on other things. I closed my eyes in hopes that the movie would end soon. I opened my eyes when I heard a zipper being undone. I looked up at Steve and he motioned me to look at Dave and Barbra. She had unzipped his pants and was playing with his cock while watching the movie. I looked back up at Steve and he whispered," You don't have to do anything you feel uncomfortable doing but I sure would enjoy some attention like that."

I shook my head no. He left it at that. I was hoping the night would end soon. Steve kept his hand making circles but now those circles were moving down towards my tits. I tried to sit up straighter to prevent him from reaching his goal. He leaned over and whispered in my ear,"You have a choice you play with my cock or I play with your tits?"

I stared into his eyes and then unzipped his jeans. His cock immediately sprang loose from his boxers. I slipped my hand around it and gently caressed it. I turned my attention to the tv while I continued to caress him. I tried to loose myself in the movie and not think about how hard his cock was. I was succeeding but barely when I heard a sound and turned to see Barbra sucking Dave's cock. My mouth was beginning to water I wanted to suck Steve's hard cock so bad. He ran his hand along my back up to my neck and urged my head closer to his lap. I let him continue to urge my head downward and opened my mouth to welcome his cock. I licked his cock and then took it very slowly into my mouth. I finally stopped and just caressed him.

He slid his hand into my blouse. He found the hook to my bra and unhooked it. My breasts were set free and he began to caress them. He urged me to sit back up and he leaned over and suckled my nipples one at a time. My back arched as my desire grew. I was shocked to hear myself moan out loud. Steve smiled and said,"Its okay you are safe here let yourself go, enjoy the feelings." Then he kissed me never taking his hands off my tits.

My body was responding and I was helpless to resist. I was unaware of it happening but somehow he removed my blouse. I felt the air brushing against my body and cuddled closer to him. He kissed his way back to my nipples and slid his hand down to my skirt. He seemed torn between sliding my skirt up or unzipping it and sliding it down. I reached up and wrapped my arms around his neck. I lifted my ass off the love seat urging him to touch me. He pulled my skirt up. He pushed my panties aside and began to slide his finger along my the lips of my pussy. I moved my arm down to grab his cock again. He kissed me then slid his finger between my pussy lips to find my clit. I moaned and he used gently inserted his other finger into my pussy. He kissed my forehead and around my cheek to my ear. At my ear he whispered,"Baby, do you want to come for me?"

He looked into my eyes and I looked into his and I nodded my head. He smiled and kissed me. He laid me back on the love seat and began to kiss me deeper. He urged my panties down and out of his way. He opened my legs and slowly began to rub my clit in circular motions. He slid tow of his fingers into my pussy and continued to rub my clit with his thumb. 

I had his cock in my hand and was squeezing and caressing it. He ran his tongue from my nipples to my lips. He kissed me and forcing his tongue into my mouth he moaned deeply. I wanted to feel his cock deep in my pussy. I knew he wanted me as well.

All of a sudden the movie ended. Dave said,"Barbra get us some drinks before the next movie begins. You ready for a beer Steve?"

Steve's hand froze and he said,"No we are fine."

Dave laughed,"I can see you are. Barbra I think we missed the best show."

Barbra slapped his shoulder and said,"Dave leave them alone, turn the next movie on and let me take care of you."

I looked over to see that Barbra was half undressed and that she wanted her husband.

As soon as the movie began, Steve kissed me and said,"Do you want me to finish what I started or wait until later?"

I knew it was my opportunity to put a stop to the evenings activities so I said,"Please stop."

Steve didn't press me to finish. We curled up together to watch the movie. I began to caress his cock. He placed his hand on mine and said,"Baby if you keep that up I am going to cum." I smiled up at him and kept it up. I got on my knees and began to suck his cock. My ass was in the air and he began to caress it. He whispered to me,"Just remember no matter what happens you are safe here."

I stopped sucking his cock to look up at him. He smiled and said,"I promise you will have fun."

I was so into sucking his cock and bringing him pleasure I never noticed the additional hands touching me. Until I heard Barbra speaking close to my ear. "Honey, lift up some so Dave can get to your tits." She removed my skirt and Dave positioned himself under me and began to suck on my nipples. Barbra put her tits in Steve's face and he began to fondle them lovingly. She held her tits together so that he could suck on both nipples at the same time. Dave slid his fingers around to caress my pussy. Steve had his hand on my ass and was using his pinky to caress my asshole. Steve had is other hand between Barbra's legs caressing her pussy. We were all moaning and enjoying ourselves. I slid my hand down to caress Steve's balls and knew instantly he wasn't going to make it much longer. I took his cock as far into my throat as I could and gave his balls a little squeeze. 

Dave moved so that his cock was close enough to be sucked but never stopped sucking my tits or caressing my pussy.

I began to switch between the two cocks licking and sucking both men.

Barbra began to shout,"Oh god Steve, I am going to cum. Dave make her cum with me."

I gave Dave's balls a gentle squeeze then caressed his cock. I felt Steve was about to cum so I took him even deeper. My orgasm hit me and I shuddered. Steve came and I swallowed all his cum. We all lay together catching our breath for several moments. Barbra said,"Honey come on I will show you were you can clean up and we will get these guys another beer."

I followed her into the guest bath and she handed me a towel and washcloth and said,"Honey, there's a spare toothbrush and mouthwash in the medicine cabinet." When she left me alone I washed up and brushed my teeth and rinsed my mouth out.

I rejoined Barbra in the kitchen and she handed me beer for Steve and a glass of wine for myself and we headed back into the livingroom.

We finished our drinks and Steve spoke up,"Guys its been a fantastic evening but I better get Vicki home before it gets any later."

I stood gave Dave a hug and then hugged Barbra and said,"Dinner was great. Thank you for inviting me."

We walked out and Steve helped me into the passenger side of his truck. When we got home he walked me to my door and kissed me on my cheek and said,"Thank you for going with me tonight. By the way, its Saturday!"

I unlocked the door and reached inside and got his check and handed it to him. He kissed me again and left.

My new home was coming along nicely. The flowers in my garden were growing and

would soon be in bloom. It was spring and I was tending to my garden. I was lost in thought when I heard someone try to open my gate. I got up and walked over to the gate. I saw a masculine hand reaching across the fence feeling for a latch. I unlocked the gate and opened it.

Steve was standing there a little bewildered at the gate being locked. He smiled at me and leaned down to kiss my cheek. I turned walking over to sit at the picnic table. He locked the gate then joined me. He sat on the table instead of the bench. I looked up at him and he smiled.

He brushed my hair away from my face and then asked, "So why is the gate locked?"

I looked down and said, "I didn't want to be disturbed."

He looked around at the garden. He smiled so I guessed he liked the way I had it laid out. In one corner was a Koi pond, in another was a sitting area complete with a patio wood burner, of course there was a picnic table and a grill and the little area I used for sunbathing. He noticed the pillows, my blanket and my book. Then he spoke, "Am I disturbing you?"

I said, "We will see."

I removed his check from my pocket and handed it to him. He removed his hat and put the check inside it then laid the hat on the table beside him. He smiled at me and said, "Why are you sitting so far away? Move a little closer."

I slid a little closer to his leg. He began to caress my cheek and to move his hand down my neck. I wanted to move away but didn't want to let him know he was affecting me. He

leaned over and kissed me. I enjoy his kisses. My body responded to them quickly. I decided to take control. I lifted his leg and slid over to sit between his legs. He went back to kissing me as I began to slide my hands up and down his thighs. I undid his belt and unzipped his jeans. He didn't try to stop me. I set his cock free and began to lick and kiss it. He ran his hands through my hair pushing my head down so that his cock went deeper in my throat. I heard him moan and knew he was enjoying it. I stood and said, "Lets go inside where we can be more comfortable?"
