 One month had passed since the deal had been struck by Hale and Jen. Both parties were sticking to their agreement and Hale had now loss 22 total pounds and Jen had provided two subsequent blow jobs. The first had occurred only five days after the deal had begun as Hale had begun his routine with great gusto, losing thirteen pounds in that time. The weigh in that day had been done at the end of a particularly good day on the treadmill and as the club was busy they had agreed to meet up in the parking lot after her shift had ended. They had planned well enough to have Hale be her last client of her shift. 

Jen remembered how Hale practically ran out the door with an erection and she had met him several minutes later in his car, where he was covering his free and fully erect penis with his jacket in the event that someone inadvertently walked by.

"Well now...look who is ready!" His cock appeared a bit bigger than it had last time and was a bright red and deep purple color as it seemed to strain for air. "Let's see if you can hold on for a few more minutes than last time sailor."

"Aye-aye skipper," he moaned as her lips encircled his engorged cock head. Their last time had been a rushed and messy engagement in the club massage room, and Hale had cum in less than two minutes. Jen decided to apply less force and take her time. Although still heavy and weighing in at three hundred and fourteen pounds, Hale's body was clean and smelled it.

Jen loved the smell of the cock and balls of an excited man. She concentrated on her saliva and her seal on his cock, making sure that she swirled her tongue on him at the very top and never really letting his cock escape her lips. 

Hale's hands had rested mostly on her head and shoulders while she performed for him. Their agreement called for intercourse only after Hale had achieved his actual end goal, hopefully at the end of one year. She was feeling pretty horny though and released him for a minute to adjust her wet panties and to remove them.

Watching the question in his eyes, Jen returned her head to his crotch and shifted her ass a bit, lifting her skirt and said "just because we can't fuck doesn't mean you can't make momma happy."

It became pretty clear that both parties would enjoy their arrangement hereafter. Hale's fingers deftly found their mark and Jen jumped as he quickly and forcefully entered her with two fingers. He alternated directions and force and easily had Jen moaning in several seconds. Her moans somewhat stifled by his cock, the vibrations only added to his happiness and she felt him adjusting his back to deliver the rushing flood of cum. 

She lifted her head and directed him to breathe and then gave herself a moment or two to enjoy the sensation of his plunging hands. "Oh, that's right! Finger fuck me! Make me cum hard." Jen enjoyed dirty talk, especially because it really seemed to work on Hale and even though he had lasted much longer tonight, she was quickly rewarded with his orgasm of five powerful jets of cum that she did her best to swallow immediately.

She couldn't see Hale's face when he came, but she could feel his whole body tense and as she captured his juice in her mouth, she felt him relax and breathe again. After several moments she released him from her mouth with a soft pop and concentrated on the feeling of her own building orgasm. Hale's fingers with long and thick and he kept his nails smooth and trim. He also knew how to touch a woman and the warmth of her body soon washed over his hands as she climaxed softly.

"Wow, Hale. Pardon my saying so, but your wife is a lucky woman."

Hale seemed surprised by the statement, considering what they had just done and was quiet for a few moments.

"Sorry Hale, I didn't mean to say it that way but...."

"Actually no worries. I was just thing about how your goal of helping my marriage as a side benefit is already paying off. Mandy made a comment about my progress and I couldn't help but jump her bones each of the last two nights."

"Way to go buddy!" Jen's look was more distant than her words, remembering her own comments about her husband and thinking that she was horny enough to ride his arrogant cock tonight.

Sensing a closing of her mind, Hale thought he should apologize for bring it up. "We should probably avoid talking about them."

"No its okay. They are both part of why we are here, but I can't help but be jealous of what you have." I she wanted to say more, she didn't and instead turned her eyes away from him and back to his now semi hard cock. "Well look who is still around!"

Hale's cock twitched a bit with her attention and started to grow. She leaned down and gave him a ball to tip lick and said "see you next time big fella. I'd ride you now, but I want to save that for later."

Turning back to him in her difficult position in his front seat, Jen offered him a kiss and put on her underwear and left the car as she smoothed her skirt. Before closing the door she turned and asked him "How do I look?"

"Like you just sucked my cock and walked right into a fashion magazine."

"Careful Hale, talk like that is going to get you bonus blow jobs." And with that Jen shut the door and walked away.

As he tried to tuck his erection into his boxers and pants, Hale watched Jen's ass sway as she walked to her car and gave a wave as she got in and drove off. Out loud but to himself he said: "I may just be the luckiest man alive."

Hale never noticed that his other car was parked two rows behind his in the parking lot. He certainly did not notice the disbelief and bewilderment in her eyes. Mandy's suspicions, improbable as she thought them to be at first were now confirmed. Her only problem was that she had no idea how to deal with the mixture of emotions she was now feeling.