 I was desperate. I had lost everything. My new van had been repossessed. I was being evicted from my apartment. I was at my wit's end, but let me start at the beginning . . . 

For years I had been living with my boyfriend whom I had expected I would marry eventually but I was so naive. My mother told me while I was pregnant with our first child that she had seen him with another woman but I didn't believe her. Years later he confessed to me while he was drinking that he had cheated on me several times. I was foolish and forgave him. I may have forgiven but I never forgot. As time past my anger and hatred for him grew. Then one morning when I got up for work, my little dog was gone. When I asked him where he was he said I let him out and he never came back. I was so angry because I always chained him out and had asked him several times to do the same. At that moment I made a decision to leave him. When I left, I took our two teenage children with me and gave him ample visitations. He convinced them one at a time to move back in with him. 

I was working two jobs and paying my own bills. I was happy but missed my kids. Things began to go bad for me. I lost my part time jobs. Then my van got repossessed. I was in danger of being evicted from my apartment in the middle of a very cold Pennsylvania winter.

My sister and I came up with a solution. It would involve a little risk but in the long run I would be much happier. It was simple, I give up my job and use my retirement to buy me a trailer and put it on her land. The benefits out weighed the drawbacks so we began to set things in motion so that I could move early in the spring, if I didn't get evicted before then.

She called me on a Sunday afternoon to tell me she had found me a trailer for sell in my price range CHEAP. She was going to look at it that afternoon and would call me later with the details.

Unable to wait any longer I called her. She said it was perfect and gave me the guys name and number so I could call him for details. I called him that same night. I liked all the things he had to say so we made an appointment to meet so he could show it to me.

When I arrived to see the trailer, he was running late. I went to the nearby gas station to grab a cup of coffee. I went back to the trailer and walked around the outside. I really liked what I saw. I hoped he was willing to work with me about the price.

I was sitting in my car making some notes of questions to ask him and keeping warm when he pulled up. He was driving a nice pickup truck. When he climbed out of the truck, I was stunned he was tall dark and very handsome. My heart gave a flutter when I saw him put on a Stetson hat and walk my way. I looked down at his feet and sure enough he was wearing cowboy boots. I was about to open my car door but he beat me to it and offered me his hand.

I took his hand and stood up. I stand 5'8 in my bare feet and with my boots on I am probably 5'9 or 5'10 but even then I had to look up at him. He must have been 6'2 or taller. He smiled down at me and said, "Hi I'm Steve you must be Vicki?"

I smiled up and him and nodded. 

He said, "Can we get acquainted while I show you the place." He led me up the stairs and into the trailer.

Once inside I was amazed. It was decorated in the most beautiful fashion. The kitchen was my favorite shade of yellow and my kitchen accessories would match superbly. The livingroom was in rich earthy colors. The two bedrooms were done in contrasting colors, one was in a pale purple with a lilac border and the other was in black and white stripes. It had two bathrooms and both of them were decorated with simple country charm.

I was in awe. I looked at him and said, "Steve, you have to be kidding me? You can't sell this for just $10,000."

He smiled and said, "Vicki, Have a seat. I have a story to tell you."

We walked over to the kitchen counter and I sat on the kitchen counter top while he leaned against the opposite wall and stared out the window. He began slowly, "Vicki, I bought this place a few years ago hoping to get married and build a bigger house to raise a family in. Well I fell for a city girl and she won't have anything to do with this place. We were married a few months ago but she left me last week and I don't want a reminder of my country ways. So I am selling this and eventually the land it sits on. Do you want it?"

I looked at Steve and said, "I have a confession to make. I can't afford it. I came here to talk you down in price. You see I have a story too. Are you interested in hearing it?"

He sat on the opposite counter and smiling said, "you listened to mine so I will listen to yours."

I told him all about what had happened and my sisters plan to help me out. I explained to him that I am a country girl and tired of the city life. We sat there in silence neither wanting to look at the other. Then he slid off the counter and came to stand in front of me and asked, "How much do you have?"

I looked down at the floor and said, "I don't have nearly enough. I better go."

Just as I got to the door he said, "Vicki, please wait!"

I stood there with my hand on the door knob but didn't turn around because I didn't want him to see my tears. He walked up behind me and turned me around. He used his finger to tilt my head up to face him. He wiped my tears away and said, "Why the tears?"

I looked down at the floor. I was embarrassed to let him see me cry. He used his finger to tilt my head up again. He smiled at me. He took me in his arms and kissed the top of my head. He ran his hands over my back trying to comfort me. When my crying stopped, he tilted my head up to him again. I started to apologize but he stopped me with a kiss. His lips were soft but urgent. His tongue demanded access to my mouth. It had been along time since I had been kissed and my body began to respond. My arms snaked up and around his neck. I returned his kisses with kisses of my own. He slid his hands down to cup my ass cheeks as I pressed myself against him. I moaned as I felt how hard he was. He backed me up against the door and continued to kiss me. My neck was hurting from looking up at him but I didn't want to stop kissing him. He must have had the same problem for in an instant he lifted me up and into his arms and carried me back to the kitchen counter. He gently sat me down and continued to kiss me. While he was kissing me, he unzipped my coat and slid his hands up under my blouse to find my breasts. He gave them a squeeze and then his thumbs found my nipples and he rolled them between his thumb and forefinger. I let a loud moan escape and he knew I was his for the taking.

He ended the kiss and began to unbutton my blouse. I was so full of desire that I didn't try to stop him in fact I was beyond thinking. He got my blouse open and unhooked the front hook of my bra. He smiled at me as he exposed my breasts. He kissed me again as his hands caressed my breasts. He broke the kiss and replaced one of his hands with his mouth. I pushed my chest up to meet his mouth. I wanted him and I was convinced he wanted me too.

He stopped and kissed me again and then looking into my eyes said, "Vicki, I have no bed here or a soft spot to lay you down but I want you so badly."

I looked deep into his blue eyes and said, "Steve, I want you."

He kissed me again and then carried to me the closest bedroom. Once in the bedroom he removed his coat and stretched it out on the carpet and took mine and rolled it into a pillow. He turned and kissed me and began to undress me. As he exposed skin, he kissed it. After my blouse and bra were removed, he got down on his knees and began to slowly unzip my jeans. As he unzipped them, he parted them and kissed every inch of exposed skin. He slid them down over my hips and left them around my knees. He slid his hands behind me and grabbed my ass and brought me closer to him. When my pussy was within reach he reached out and stroked it with his tongue. I was getting weak in the knees. I was holding onto his shoulders. He stopped and removed my boots and my jeans. He led me over to the make shift bed he had made and laid me down.

He stood over me and removed his clothes. It was then I got my next shock. His cock was huge. My mouth watered at the sight of it. When he knelt down, I sat up and kissed him. I reached down to touch his cock. He groaned as my hand stroked it. I got up on my knees and pushed him to lie down. I got between his legs and grabbed his cock. I stroked it and then gave it a kiss. His cock loved the attention. My body loved the way it reacted with each touch, lick and kiss. As he let out a loud moan I decided to slide it into my mouth and take it as deep as I could. As I felt it tickle the back of my throat, he grabbed my head and begged me to stop.

He pulled me up to lay with him. He was having a hard time catching his breath but once he did he kissed me and rolled me over on my back. I looked up into those blue eyes as he lowered his face to kiss me again. I felt his hand slide down my throat, then down to caress my breasts, and on down to my pussy. He parted my legs and began to caress the outer lips of my pussy and then slid his index finger into my pussy. I responded and opened my legs even further. He got between my legs and looked into my eyes as he attempted to slide his cock into my pussy. It had been so long since I had made love my pussy didn't want to let him in. He kissed me and then with one final thrust he pushed past any resistance my body might try to offer and was inside me. Once inside he held still for a moment while he caught his breath. I wanted him and began to move against his cock, Pushing to meet him and then trying to slide him out a bit. He leaned over and whispered in my ear, "Baby, I am trying to make it last. I won't last long if you keep doing that."

I licked his ear and he moaned out loud. He rolled us over and he was underneath me. He smiled and said, "I am all yours baby, take me."

I sat up and began to slide his cock in and out and then leaned over so that he could play with my breasts at the same time. He pulled me to him and put his mouth on my nipple at the same him he shoved his cock deep into my pussy. I felt my pussy began to squeeze his cock and had to feel him moving inside me. I sat up so he had to let go of my nipple and began to really bounce and slide on his cock. He started to urge me to move faster. I was getting so close too cumming when he grabbed my ass and began to really shove his cock deep in my pussy. He turned me over and he was on top of me and I shouted to him, "Baby, please FUCK ME, fuck me now I need to cum. Oh God I am so close."

He started to really move inside me and then whispered to me, "Honey cum for me, I am ready for you."

That was all the encouragement I needed. I held him to me and we came.

We collapsed into each others arm. We laid that way for a long time. It started getting cold and he suggested that we better get dressed before we catch a cold. 

We dressed and I could barely look at him. I wasn't sure how to feel or how he would react to me after our behavior. After we were dressed, he handed me my coat and we started toward the door. At the door he said, "Let's grab some coffee and talk about the trailer."

He walked me to my car and opened the door for me. He closed the door and I started the car and rolled the window down. He said, "there is a diner down the road do you want to follow me?"

I didn't trust myself to talk so I just nodded my head. He then turned and walked to his truck. I watched him in my rearview mirror as he walked away.

We came upon a diner but the parking lot was full and he kept going. I assumed he knew of another one close by so I followed him. I was surprised to see him pull into a driveway. I pulled in behind him and shut off my engine. He got out of his truck and walked back to my car and opened my door for me. He helped me out and said, "I hope you don't mind but I hate crowds and thought you might prefer some privacy too."

He walked me to the back door of this farm house. It was so beautifully decorated. He noticed me staring. He blushed and said, "It's my parent's house but they are in Florida for the winter so I am house sitting for them. Would you like a cup of coffee?"


I nodded. I sat down at the table and watched as he prepared the coffee maker. He got cups, saucers, cream and sugar and put them on the table. When the coffee was finished, he carried the carafe over to the table and poured us each a cup. 

The kitchen was warm and inviting and the coffee was very good. We sat in silence for a while and then he began to speak."Vicki, I think we can come to an arrangement about the trailer. Are you interested?"  



I looked down at the table cloth and waited for him to continue.

He continued, "You are in need of a place to live and I need to get rid of that trailer so I can sell my land. What do you think of my letting you buy the trailer on payments? Please don't interrupt let me finish. You use the money you have to get the land ready for the trailer and I will help you move it and set it up, then you pay me whatever you can afford each month until it's paid off. Deal?"

I looked up and stared into his eyes trying to figure out his motive for helping me. I finally asked, "so Steve, what do you get out of this?"

He smiled, "I get to sell my land and I get to see you when I come to collect the payments, and you never know we have chemistry I felt the spark today. So we will take things one day at a time and see where they may lead."

I wasn't sure I was hearing him right. I was nervous but I felt like I had no other option so I agreed.

He got out a piece of paper and wrote me a contract. It seemed basic and simple but I was leery, still I signed it.

The contract said the trailer would be delivered the following Saturday and my payments would begin the week after that. I told him I had a lot to do before next Saturday so I had better get going. He walked me to the door, then out to my car.

I drove straight to my sisters and began making arrangements to have the septic dug and the electric pole installed and the water lines ran. I worked my ass off getting everything ready for Saturday. 

Saturday morning bright and early I was sitting in diningroom at my sister's house having a cup of tea and waiting for the trailer to arrive. I heard a truck in the distance and looked up. There coming down the road was my new home. I walked outside and watched as Steve arrived. He jumped out of his truck and asked, "Which direction do you want it to face?"

I showed him on paper the layout I had in mind and he agreed. He got it positioned and then began the set up. He got it all set up the way I wanted it and left. After a few hours he returned with the skirting and the porch and installed them as well.

I watched him work and went in and made a pot of coffee. I took the coffee out to him. I told him, "I know it's cold outside would you like to take a break and enjoy a hot cup of coffee?"

We sat in his truck and drank the coffee and I thanked him for all the hard work he was doing. He smiled and said, "that's okay I will get my pay."

After we finished the coffee he said, "So would you like to see how everything works in your new home?"

I smiled and nodded my head. He got out of the truck and opened my door for me. We walked inside and I was surprised to feel the heat was already on. He took me through the trailer showing me that every outlet worked and every faucet had running water. After we were done, he said he had to get going but before he did he offered to help me move my things in. I thanked him and said that was okay my family would help me.

I spent all my free time getting my new home just the way I wanted it. I set one of the bedrooms up as an office. I was having a cup of tea and writing at the computer when Steve came up behind me. I must have been so involved in my writing that I didn't hear his truck pull in the new gravel driveway. I don't know how long he stood there watching me before I turned and found him there. I almost screamed, but laughed and said, "Steve, you startled me."

He smiled and said, "whatever you are working on it has your full attention. I didn't want to disturb you but its Saturday and I am here to collect my first payment."

I stood and pulled my checkbook from the desk and handed him the check I already had made out. I smiled and said, "I have it all ready for you, and once again Thank You!"

He put the check in his pocket and laid his hat on the dresser and said, "Baby, that's not the payment I was looking forward too."

I looked up at him and tried to decide what he meant. He smiled and came toward me. He brushed my hair off my face and leaned down to kiss me. His kiss was so exquisite tender and yet passionate. He slid his arm around my back and pulled me closer to him. His kiss deepened and my desire heated. He began to shrug out of his coat without breaking the kiss. Once out of his coat he began to unbutton my blouse. He kissed my neck and exposed my breasts. I reached up and slid my arms around his neck. In one smooth move he swung me up off my feet and carried me to the other bedroom. In the bedroom, he gently laid me on my bed and removed the rest of my clothes. He stood and removed his clothes. My mouth was so dry with desire so I licked my lips. He laid beside me and began to caress me. My body responded to his touch and I began to 

arch my back trying to get even closer to him. He leaned down and kissed me and then pulled me up on top of him. I looked into his eyes seeking something. I know I saw desire but was that all?

He gently urged me to sit up and he began to caress my tits and roll my nipples between his thumb and forefinger. He licked his fingertips and circled my nipples. I moaned and laid my head back enjoying his gentle lovemaking. He grabbed my ass and lifted me up. I knew what he wanted so I reached between us and slid his cock closer to my wet opening. I leaned down to kiss him and at the same time I pushed my pussy downward unto his hard cock. I was so aroused I rode his cock hard, fast and took him deeper and deeper into my pussy. It didn't take long for us to reach our mutual orgasms. I collapsed unto his broad chest. He caressed me and held me, and when our breathing had returned to normal he kissed my forehead and got up to go to the bathroom. When he returned from the bathroom, he quickly dressed. He kissed me and said he had to go.

I was stunned. He left so quickly. I wasn't sure what had just happened. Were we just fuck buddies or were we developing a relationship.

I finally got up showered and redressed. I went on about my day doing my chores and finally going back to my office to do some more writing. 

My week passed quietly and before I knew it was Saturday. I was washing dishes when I heard his truck pull into the drive way. He walked in and didn't bother knocking. I turned to face him. He smiled at me and said, "I thought you would be writing and I didn't want to disturb you I hope you don't mind that I let myself in?"

I smiled and said, "No, of course I don't mind. I have your check already made out for you."I then handed him the check."Would you like some coffee?"

He took the check and put it in his jacket pocket. He removed his jacket and hung it over the back of a chair and said, "Among other things."

I made coffee and poured each of us a cup. I sat cream and sugar on the table in case he needed it. Then I sat down across from him. We enjoyed our coffee making small talk and joking with each other. He finished his coffee. He stood and came to my chair. He knelt in front of me between my parted legs. I turned to look at him. He reached up and caressed my cheek. I was staring at him. He lifted my sweater over my head and unhooked my bra. He leaned toward me and began to lick and then suck on my nipple, while caressing the other one. I was delirious with desire. He was very talented when it came to making a woman want him. He ran his hands up and down on my thighs. He kissed me and said, "Vicki, you have too many clothes on!"
