 Even though she allowed me to enter her virgin ass for the first time and even though she told me she wanted to watch a porn together, I still didn't really believe her. We had sex a few times. It was nice but pretty standard. We did it doggy style once. She liked that. 

One Friday I saw her for lunch and she suggested we get together that evening to watch a movie. I did a double-take and she giggled.

"I'll supply a movie, and, uh, YOU supply a movie too." Then she giggled some more.

"Hot DAMN, this is gonna be good." I thought.

Our relationship wasn't much of a 'relationship'. We were more than fuck buddies and I truly liked her, but I wasn't ready to get serious. She was coming off her divorce and I think to her I went from being a possible serious boyfriend to somebody who was going to improve her boring life. We were going to expand her horizons and have a laugh doing it. 

On occasion she would talk about her ex-husband. She never mentioned his name. After a while I had to ask. There was a slight pause. If I had asked a month earlier, the pause would have been longer and there might have been some tears. But today, it was just a slight pause.

"His name is 'Steve'."

"Steve?!?"

She nodded.

"Huh." That was all I could say. I stopped myself from saying "Well, I guess that's why you never shout my name in bed." A few girlfriends ago, I would have blurted that out. I guess we're all growing, eh? 

A few more lunches later and we came to the subject of her divorce again. 

"I have to admit, I'm really ashamed that I got divorced. I just have the hardest time with it. I know in this day and age we're supposed to get married and divorced easily but I really did think it was for the rest of our lives."

Eventually I asked her what the cause was. She waived it off, the details still hurt. Essentially, he cheated on her, she forgave him, he cheated on her again. When he gave her VD, she threw him out - sort of. They lived together for another year until she could get the nerve to visit a divorce lawyer. He was a complete dick and would bring women around while she was in the house. Kind of a standard story in this world. Not much more to relay than that she said.

Then with a voice that was much stronger than she'd ever spoken when discussing this subject she said, "You know. I had a terrible time of it. We didn't have sex for the longest time. There was clearly a problem. I toughed it out (a phrase she learned from me) and it made me feel like life was going by and I was going nowhere. When he finally moved out, I spent two long years in solitary confinement. I must admit I was something of a basket case when we met. But meeting you and getting to know you has given me perspective that I didn't realize before. I thought I was dirty and horrible. Spending time with someone who desires me helped me see that I'm not. I've got my problems but I'm no better or worse than anyone else. We're all kinda screwed up."

As you can tell, I'm not the sentimental type, but this made me happy. I don't 'use' Emily in the sense that she's a play thing. I'm glad when I can make her happy. I'm just sure that I'm not the one to make her happy for the rest of her life. And I must say, I liked the direction she was heading, heh, heh, heh.

Anyway, that evening I arrived around seven with an overnight bag. I looked around the internet and found the right porn. It had a little of everything: Oral, anal, hot girl-girl action, even a double penetration. And it was a Peter North movie so each scene was gonna end with some nut-busting geysers. If she doesn't like this one, she's not going to like any porn. 

What did she get? Hell, I don't know. Can't remember. It was wonderful - whatever.

We snuggled and it was all I could do to keep my hands off her. I suspected that if I tried something, I'd blow it with the porn.

After the first movie she looked at me like she was up to something.

"So. Wanna watch YOUR movie?"

"Uh. Sure. I looked around and got one that I thought would be typical."

"Good. Let's watch."

I slid in the DVD not sure what to expect. We'd finished a bottle of wine so she was in a pretty good mood. While I was getting the porn ready she went upstairs and returned a few minutes later. Sure enough, new lingerie.

She sat next to me but not up against me. I liked that because I could see the look on her face out of the corner of my eye. She rested one hand on my thigh and gently rubbed the non-erotic top of it.

The first scene started with a pretty but heavily made-up blonde walking into a large bathroom. She had a thin robe on and sauntered over to a very large hot tub. 

"Oh, she's pretty," Emily said with a surprise. "I like that robe - very sexy!"

"She looks like she's been mugged by Mary Kay."

Emily smiled and gave me an exaggerated elbow to the ribs.

The woman disrobed just as she approached the hot tub revealing wide hips, a small patch of blonde hair between her legs and two very large, very fake breasts. 

Emily leaned forward. "Are those fake?! Wow, I've never really seen what fake tits look like before. Huh."

"That's pretty common for these movies." I said evenly hoping it wouldn't put her off.

Just then the door opened again and another woman entered. She was shorter with long, dark hair and large fake breasts as well. The second woman approached the first. They embraced and kissed. It was a typical porn star kiss with lots of tongue for all to see.

"Ooh! It's a lesbian scene!" Emily cooed. I remained silent.

After a minute or two of kissing the women got into the tub and lathered each other up. With soapy breasts they began to rub their massive tits together. They were smiling and obviously enjoying themselves and soon returned to mauling each other. The shorter brunette worked her way down placing soft kisses on her neck and shoulders. While doing this her left hand moved up and began to caress the blonds tits. Then she leaned over slightly and began sucking on the blonde's gorgeous, round nipples. Now both hands were kneading the blond's breasts and the brunette took turns licking, sucking and biting her nipples. The blonde held her head up with a look that made clear to all that she really enjoyed the brunette's lips.

I discretely glanced at Emily. She was transfixed on the movie but did not have a readable expression on her face.

After a bit the blonde pushed the brunette onto the edge of the hot tub and knelt in front of her.

"Here we go!" I thought.

Emily continued rubbing my leg but didn't seem to be affected by what she saw.

Let me just say that the brunette's pussy was magnificent. Beautifully trimmed with no sign of razor stubble, her lips were tight and her engorged clitoris was like the dot of an upside-down exclamation point. She reached down, parted her lips exposing a beautiful color of pink inside. The blonde dove in and attacked the pussy that lay before her. Like the kisses, her tongue shot out at an exaggerated length. Occasionally she would take the woman's entire clit in her mouth and suck it. 

I detected a change in the rate of rubbing on my leg. I looked over and saw Emily's eyes wide open. She didn't even blink. I didn't dare distract her. Seeing this reaction in her make my dick rock hard. I considered placing her hand on my dick but didn't want to blow too soon. I wanted to see her reaction to the other vignettes.

The licking continued with the camera alternating between the woman's face and pussy. After several minutes of this, the brunette leaned back and made some loud moans. Her legs began to convulse. She grabbed the blonde's head, pushed it into her hot pussy and wouldn't let go until she was satisfied. After a minute she leaned way back until laying on the edge of the tub and started wriggling with delight. Finally she pulled the blonde up to her face and gave her a deep, sexy kiss. The camera faded to grey.

"Huh. I've never actually seen a woman's vagina up close like that," Emily stated. 

"Did you like it?" I enquired.

"Pretty good! I liked it."

The next seen started with Peter North on a bed with a woman and they were really going at it. She was unbelievably beautiful. She had long, blonde hair that went below her shoulders, long legs and two gigantic, real tits. They were large and much too firm considering she must have been in her late twenties. Clearly this woman was blessed with good genes. 

He slid down, sucking her incredible tits for a while then continuing to her navel. He licked it and massaged the woman's tits. As he started squeezing both nipples, Emily shifted in her seat. 

"Well, things are starting to heat up!" I thought.

He continued further south and she parted her legs revealing a perfect pussy. It was bald and absolutely beautiful just like the rest of her. He dove in to that and began to lick furiously. The blonde clearly enjoyed it. After several minutes of this, she pulled him up and had him roll over and lay on the bed face up. 

She slithered down placing light kisses along the way but clearly had one thing in mind. When she arrived at his hard cock she kissed the top of his head and then down the shaft to his balls. Just as she reached them she looked up, smiled and sucked on ball into her mouth. That amazing mouth rolled the hairless ball around, her tongue massaging the skin. She moved to the other ball and continued her sexy torture. As she was working on the second ball, her hand slid up the length of him and she began to stroke the nine-inch schlong. When she was through giving him a scrotum washing with her mouth she kissed her way up his cock. When she arrived at the top, she planted a giant kiss on his head and laughed. 

She turned her head sideways and sucked in his dick just below the head. Then the blonde slid up and down the bottom of his cock while sucking in loudly. 

The camera cut to Peter North's face. He leaned back and had a big smile on his face. Again the camera was on the woman who sucked her way back up the length then turned straight and plunged down on the massive penis. More groans from Peter. I wasn't sure how he didn't pop right then and there. I, too, began to get in to the movie. 

Then I heard Emily say, "Are YOU enjoying the movie?!" I realized that she had been looking at ME. Slightly embarrassed, I just nodded my head sheepishly.

Emily took my arm and pulled it around her. "I always wanted to learn how to do that. I think I'll pay attention and see what kind of pointers I can get." 

"If you suck me off like that, you'll be getting one giant pointer in your mouth."

We both laughed and her hand slid to the inside of my thigh but still too far from my cock.

Several minutes of serious dick sucking and he pulled the blonde off of him and had her lay on the bed. He lined himself up and plunged it into her wet pussy. Emily grabbed my leg and quickly released it. The plunge was followed by quick, repeated, violent thrusts. His balls were slapping the woman's tight ass. The camera was at the foot of the bed with a nice, tight shot of the action. His balls slapping her asshole were loud as he jack-hammered into her. 

Emily's mouth hit the floor. Her hand now began rubbing my thigh again but she was completely mesmerized. "I've never actually seen a man and woman having sex. Not from this angle at least. Is that what it looks like?"

"Yup, that's it," I dumbly replied.

She had the slightest hint of a smile on her face. 

The blonde had her hands around Peter North's ass pulling him in tightly. She made a loud, feminine grunt with every thrust. 

It ended just as suddenly as it began. He jumped off her and rolled back onto the bed. She quickly climbed on top of him facing back toward the camera. She deftly managed his raging hard-on and lined it up with her slick love canal. The blonde shifted her weight and he was back inside in no time. Time for the required Reverse Cowgirl! She immediately started bouncing up and down. Giggles from her filled the TV speakers. Her tits were bouncing along with her soft pussy.

"She's really beautiful," Emily said in amazement. "God, she's got quite a body." 

There wasn't anything I could say. The woman certainly had an amazing body.

The blonde laid back on Peter. Both were facing up and he pumped from below. Now he had both hands on her breasts and he was massaging them and pinching her nipples. Even on that little TV we could see that she had large, round nipples.

The thrusting, the bouncing, the yelling, and the slapping of skin all became too much for poor Emily.

"Oh my!" She started to lean forward, her eyes glued to the scene before her.

The woman jumped off Peter North again, climbed off the bed and got on her knees. He was right behind her. I knew what was coming. Just as the woman got on the floor, she looked up and opened her mouth like a baby chick hoping to be fed. Yeah, she's gonna get fed all right. I looked at Emily. She had a puzzled look on her face. 

The blonde stared at Peter. He stroked his cock while she massaged his balls. And then it happened. The first burst shot over the woman's head. The trail of white goo landing across her hair and face. The second burst went right for an eye. She flinched reflexively. The third, fourth, and fifth burst each found their mark. When he was done, the woman was completely covered in Peter North's man chowder. 

"OH MY GOD! He came on her FACE?!?!"

"Uh, yeah. That's kinda standard too. Guess I should have mentioned that earlier. Sorry." Oh, man. I really screwed this up.

As Emily was digesting what she was seeing for the first time, the blonde began digesting the cum off her face. She wiped it off and licked her fingers. She was laughing and seemingly enjoying her meal. Emily's petite jaw dropped even lower.

"Wow. I had no idea that they did that." 

"Uh. Yup. That's what they do in porn these days." I wasn't sure how much dumber I could sound but that's all I could think to say.

The next part began but I don't remember much about it. It was Peter North with two hot women. They were outside and doing it on a blanket. By now Emily was really hot and bothered. I was gently stroking her shoulder with one hand. She moved her hand from my thigh to my cock and began massaging that through my pants. As the three actors were making out, I leaned over and started kissing Emily. She returned the passion. She stared deep into my eyes.

"Let's go upstairs."

Like a porn star, I leaped to my feet and grabbed her hand to pull her up too.

We made a mad dash for the steps. I let her go first, pinching her ass all the way up. She giggled and tried to defend herself by reaching behind to block my pinching.

When we reached the bedroom I was naked and I started to rip her lingerie off. 

"I want you now!" I declared.

"Oh, yeah? Well, I want you too!".

I pushed her on her back and dove into her wet, hungry pussy. I tried to lick like a porn star. It didn't take long. Her legs began to convulse and soon she was arching her back and screaming bloody murder. Before the earthquake ended, I climbed on top, lined up my cock and started thrusting. It was like we were living a porn only it was on fast forward. 

I had my hands behind her shoulders and was pumping like crazy. Her arms were wrapped around the my neck and her hands were massaging the back of my head. She pulled both legs up and bent her knees. At that angle I was able to get deep inside her. The frantic pumping caused my balls to slap her as making the same slapping noise we heard in the porn. 

"Oh, God, YES! Fuck me!" she screamed. I was just on the brink. I could feel the cum swelling up inside my balls. Then she yelled, "wait, wait, wait."

"What? What's wrong?" I couldn't believe she wanted me to stop. I was just about to blow.

"Get up and lay on the bed."

"What?!"

"You heard me."

I was so surprised that I couldn't question her. I did as she demanded. She climbed up as the actress did and mounted my dick in the Reverse Cowgirl position. I couldn't believe my eyes. I ran my hands up and down her back as she rode my dick like a pro. She bounced on me and occasionally sweeping her hips around grinding on my pole. It really was amazing.

I told her, "Spin around. I want to look at you."

She did as I asked and now she was on top facing me. She continued using my dick for her pleasure. Now I could see her wonderful breasts. I massaged them and squeezed her hard nipples. The grinding and bouncing reached a crescendo and she held still. The orgasm slammed into her. She leaned forward on top of me still gently grinding my still unsatisfied dick. Suddenly she stopped and look at me. 

"Come on my face."

"What?!"

"Come on my face," she said out of breath.

So a few weeks ago this shy woman didn't even want to talk about sex and now she was insisting that I treat her like one of the ho's on the porn that SHE suggested that we watch. What a long, strange trip it's been.

"Ok." I couldn't resist. What am I gonna say, "No"?

She jumped up and assumed the same position as the blonde. 

"Massage my balls." She did as I instructed.

I stroked my cock and she massaged my balls and it didn't take long. Granted, I'm no Peter North but I did have a good-sized load in my balls. I put that load to good use and shot it all over this beautiful woman's face. She laughed with her mouth wide open. Some of my man juice reached her forehead. A burst hit her cheek, and the rest shot right into her mouth. She gagged a little and went back to wanting more.

I got light-headed and almost fell on top of her. When I removed my hand she replaced it with her mouth sucking what was left out of my dick. When that was done, Emily jumped up and ran into the bathroom. 

"Look at THAT!" she yelled.

She returned with a huge smile on her face. 

"Ya see?! Don't I look like a porn star?!"

"Yes you do. Glad I could assist." I said wearily. 

She wiped the goo from her cheeks and began to eat it. She made a sour face but continued until it was all gone. Then we made our way into the bathroom to clean all the sex off of us. It was a long, hot shower with plenty of long kisses. 

When we were through, we went back down stairs and lounged on the sofa naked. The movie was still playing. 

"Agh! We missed most of it," she complained.

"We'll just watch the rest of it some other time," I said.

She shot me an enthusiastic smile and nodded.

By now one woman was laying on Peter North. They were both face up as before but now the other woman was licking her friends pussy and massaging Peter's balls.

"Ohh! Doesn't THAT look like fun!" Emily blurted out. Then she realized what she said and turned red. 

"Oh, you LIKE that huh? Think you might like to try something like that sometime?" I couldn't help but tease.

"I don't know. Maybe" Emily replied trying to act cool after her gaff. 

"Did you like the lesbian scene earlier."

"Hmm. A little."

"A LITTLE?! You couldn't take your eyes off it!" I said incredulously. I slid my hand up and massaged her large tits.

"O.k. It looked like fun. I admit it."

"Have you ever kissed a girl before?"

"NO! Are you kidding? No I've never done anything like that."

"Not even in college? Come on. You can tell me."

"If I did it, I would tell you," she said with an embarrassing laugh.

"Do you ever fantasize about it?"

There was a long pause and then she admitted it.

"Sometimes when I'm alone, in bed with my vibrator, I think about what it would be like with a woman."

I was gently caressing her breasts when she said it. She turned her head toward me and I gave her a deep, passionate kiss.

"Does that bother you?" she asked.

"Bother me?" I placed her hand on my hardening dick and her eyes got wide. 

"Does it turn you on?" she teased.
