 So late one afternoon I'm watching a little TV when the doorbell rings. I answer it and you're standing there wearing the skimpiest little brown UPS uniform dress imaginable. It's form fitting and incredibly short. Your gorgeous legs are covered in some sheer nude thigh high stockings. The tops are barely covered by the incredibly short skirt of your uniform. My eyes bulge when I see you are perched up on a pair of sky high stilletos with straps across the ankles. You have a cute little cap sitting on your head and you have an incredible box...er, I mean you're HANDING me an incredible box. It's a box from the Sexcapades Erotic Warehouse and I know just what's inside.

"Need you to sign for me, sir." 

You're all business as you hand over the electronic pad so I can scratch my name. Seeing you in that outfit...and thinking about what's in that box...has the blood pumping to my temples and my cock. I can feel by dick getting hard which makes me more than a bit distracted. I look dumbly at the electronic slab. You turn around so that you are standing in front of me and I am looking over your shoulder. You place the stylus in my hand and begin to guide it to the input window. In the process you are gently brushing your hot ass across my rapidly stiffening cock. I am smelling your hair as you giggle over your shoulder at my stupidity..."sir, just SIGN please..." I could care less about signing. I glance down the front of your dress and it is very obvious you aren't wearing a bra. Damn, your tits look good!

I manage to shake out the cobwebs for a second of rational thought. "Hold on a minute!" I say with indignation and purpose. "Shouldn't I inspect the package for damage before I sign?" Actually, I'm just trying to come up with any excuse to keep you there. 

You turn to face me again. "Why, sir, that is an EXCELLENT idea!! We really should make sure that this order is complete...and that none of your items were damaged...thank you for thinking of that! You probably saved me a return trip!" As you excitedly chatter about what a great idea I've had you take the box from me and set it on a table in the foyer. From somewhere you produce a box cutter. With two quick flicks of your wrist the box is open.

Before I can stop you, you start to rummage through the contents of the box. I am more than just a bit embarrassed.

"Why, sir...this looks like a collection of fantasy outfits from Sexcapades Erotic Warehouse. Hmmm...a Naughty Schoolgirl outfit...the ever-popular slutty boss lady...and, wow!," you look up at me, "probably the hottest teddy I'VE ever seen." You continue to search through the box. "And I see a star spangled vibrator...about 9 inches or so...some pleasure lube...'designed to stimulate her clitoris'...hmmmm."

You look up at me. I'm prepared to be scolded for being such a perv. "Sir, that is an excellent selection! Is this all for one lucky lady?"

Surprised, I stammer that, yes, it is.

"And you want to make sure that everything is fully functional!?" You start to unbutton the front of your dress. This renders me more than slightly confused.

"Pardon me? What's that now?"

"Sir...we need to make sure everything arrived safely and is wearable...and, uh...usable." You let your dress drop to the floor. Now you're wearing nothing but the thigh high stockings, the heels and your little cap. You immediately remove the cap. "How about we start with the 'naughty schoolgirl' outfit? Sound good?"

At that moment I could not have told you my own name if you had asked. I'm standing there with my mouth hanging open as you put on the 'Naughty Schoolgirl" outfit, complete with ribbon for the hair and some books to carry. The top is completely see-through and midriff baring. The tiny plaid skirt is maybe 7 inches from waist to hem. You have it on in a flash and I feel like I'm about to pass out.

It is at that moment you notice my now raging hard-on. You reach out and cup the bulge in my pants with a stern look. "Sir...what exactly is this?" I start to stammer an apology but before I can get anything out, you continue, "you can't be wearing pants if I'm going to PROPERLY test this stuff!! Do you really think you're going to be wearing pants the first time your lady friend wears this outfit? I don't think so!" You drop to your knees and pull my pants and underwear down around my ankles. 

My hard cock springs free, straight and stiff as a board. It almost hits you in the face. You push down on it and let it spring back up with a laugh. "Well! It looks like the 'naughty school girl' is having a positive effect! Now you go in the livingroom and have a seat sir...we need to get this test underway." I step into the next room and have a seat in my recliner. My cock is at full attention. It seems to be as completely surprised about this exciting turn of events as I am.

In a moment you come through the door...only now you have a pout on your face, you hold the books low in front of you and your shoulders are shrugged. Your full, round C-cups look incredible in the see through top. I also notice your nipples are hard. You nervously sidle up to my chair as you say in a very small voice, "Professor Erection? I'm afraid that I did NOT do very well on my test today..." You reach down and absentmindedly run your fingers over my swollen cockhead...you begin to toy with it like you're caressing a knickknack that is sitting on a desk. "Daddy said if I don't keep at least a 'B' in your class I'm going to lose my Mercedes. I really like that car...I was wondering if there was ANYTHING I could do to bring my grade...UP?" You continue to tease and fondle my cock with your fingers. There is a pause and you give me a very pointed look.

It takes me a minute...but I get the hint, "oh...why...uh...yes...maybe there is, young lady. What did you have in mind?"

"Well..." you set the books down on the floor and kneel in front of me. You start to stroke the shaft of my throbbing cock. In that tiny, babydoll voice you say, "My boyfriend taught me how to suck his cock last year. I've been practicing a lot... he says I'm getting pretty good at it. Would you like me to show you what I learned?" I can only nod as you take my swollen cockhead between your sexy lips. You begin to slowly suck my cock...sliding your lips from the head almost to my balls and back up again. Your head bobs slowly and seductively and I can't take my eyes away from your sexy mouth. Your lips are stretched so full of my cock. You pull your mouth away and look up at me with a pout. "Do you think this might get me a better grade? I could suck your big, hard dick until all of your hot cum is shooting into my mouth. Would you like that? Sometimes my boyfriend grabs the back of my head and forces his cock way into my mouth before he shoots...but his cock isn't nearly as big as yours. Oh, and guess what?! I even swallow! My boyfriend says guys really like it when a girl swallows. What do you think...would sucking your cock and then swallowing down all of your hot cum help my grade, Professor?" 

I'm finally onto this game, and I decide I'm going to try to make it work in my favor. Putting on my best professorial voice I say, "Well...I don't know, young lady. Your suggestion does sound very attractive...but I think I'd rather see what else you have to offer. I don't just go around changing grades every day."

"Well...there is something." You pick up the bottle of lube and fill your palm with oil. You rub it all over my cock. "I've been taking some dance lessons...to get ready for cheerleading. Watch this!" You turn your back to me and start to gyrate your hot ass...balancing with your hands on my thighs you bend your knees as you lower yourself down onto my lap. My hard lube-slicked cock slides right up the cleft of your ass. You grind for a bit like a stripper giving a lap dance, then raise back up. I think the demonstration is over...but then you lower your ass down along my cock again. The friction is incredible and the view is amazing. The tiny little skirt just barely covers the top half of your ass and every time you slide down my cock it lifts the hem. After a few minutes of teasing my hardon with your round, firm butt, you reposition yourself slightly and, without any warning, you slide your hot, wet cunt down onto my throbbing cock. 

Wow! I wasn't ready for that!! I'm balls deep in you in seconds!!

You start to bounce up and down hard on me. I reach out and put my hands on your waist.

You look over your shoulder with that same sexy pout as you ride my hard shaft. "Oh, yeah...what do you think now, Professor? Do you like watching me fuck you with my tight little pussy? Will this work?" You keep bouncing up and down sliding your hot cunt the length of my dick. Each time you land in my lap you moan just a bit. You have an intense rhythm going when you look over your shoulder again, "Mmmm...so Professor...maybe I could ride you like this until you are just about to cum...then I'll get on my knees and you can shoot all of your hot cream on my face and watch it run down between my tits. That should be worth at LEAST a 'B', shouldn't it?" 

I don't answer immediately. I take my time considering the proposition. As I'm enjoying your continued ride you steady yourself on my thighs for support then you STOP! YOU JUST STOP!! I CAN'T BELIEVE IT! YOU JUST STAND UP!!

This is awful!! I was enjoying this incredibly hot fuck from this fantasy schoolgirl then, all of a sudden, I'm sitting there looking at my huge hard-on. It's slick and shiny, covered in lube oil, precum and pussy juice...and you're standing in front of me taking OFF the naughty schoolgirl costume!! This is a nightmare!

You have a crooked little smile on your face as you try to appear so very professional. "Well...the 'naughty schoolgirl' outfit seems to work. I don't think it was damaged in shipping." You glance over at my lap. "It also seems to create the desired...effect. Let's move on to the 'slutty executive'...what do you say?"

What the hell? You disappear into the foyer leaving me sitting there throbbing and confused.

[Stay tuned...for outfit NUMBER 2 in Part Two of "The Delivery"!!]