 [Part Two of the Delivery - Featuring Outfit #2]

As I'm still trying to figure out what had happened to the incredible, sexy, kinky ride you were taking on my cock with your tight, wet pussy, you disappear into the foyer. I tentatively touch my cock. Yes...it's definitely slick with lube...and pussy juice. I wrap my fist around my shaft...I don't think I'm hallucinating. I stroke it a few times with my hand wishing you were only kidding and would come back and sit on my dick again. I consider finishing the job myself, but then I hear you call from the other room in a sharp, commanding tone.

"Mr. Dick!" Hmmm. Is that me, I wonder?

"MIS-ter DICK!...DICK! Get in here right now!!" 

I guess so! I run through the foyer into the diningroom where I hear your voice. My sensitive cock is tingling in the breeze.

You are sitting at the diningroom table, but somehow it looks all the world like a big executive desk. And, of course, you are wearing the "Slutty Boss" costume. It is truly incredible! It has a choker that looks like a man's collar with a small necktie that barely touches your ample cleavage. There's a pinstripe bustier with ruffled, see-through white cups (they are barely containing your gorgeous tits) along with a matching, very short, pinstripe skirt. The skirt has a sexy slit up the side. The ensemble looks incredible with your stockings and heels. I stop short in the face of your very obvious displeasure.

"There you are, Dick!" You wave a sheaf of papers in my direction. "Didn't I tell you to file these?"

I'm really not focusing that well. I stammer, "Ummm...yes?"

"And didn't I tell you what would happen if they DIDN'T get filed?"

"Uh...I don't think so." I look around a bit confused. For a second I actually search my memory bank for forgotten instructions. Then I remember we're playing. You're good!

"Over to the desk, Dick. Turn around."

I move so I'm standing at the side of the desk. I turn so my back is to you. You move to my side and grab my hard cock with your hand. Hmmm...this really doesn't seem like much of a punishment. You grip my cock firmly, then...THWACK! You smack my ass hard with a riding crop! Damn! That stings! But I'm very certain my incredibly stiff cock got just a bit harder. I brace for another swat but then I feel your hand gently rubbing my stinging butt cheeks. 

"There. That should do it...now we won't be forgetting the filing again, will we?"

"Mmmmm...no ma'am." Although, as I step back around the desk, I'm thinking another kinky swat on the butt from you every so often wouldn't be such a bad thing!

"So did you make my reservations for the Amsterdam flight?"

"Pardon me?"

"The Amsterdam flight! Dammit, Dick! I don't know why I keep you around here!" I'm standing in front of the desk looking sheepish. My hard cock is dripping precum and I'm starting to think that it may never be soft again. "Get on your knees, Dick...and crawl under the desk. This is what we're gonna do...I'm going to call the airline and book the flight that YOU were supposed to book. You are going to lick my cunt until I have a nice hot, hard orgasm because I'm feeling just a little tense right now. Got that?" You whip out your cell phone and I kneel in front of the desk. Your legs are spread wide and I push my tongue against your pussy lips. I love the feel of the sheer fabric of your stockings along my cheeks and pressed up against my ears.

I start to lick your pussy lips and tease your clit with my tongue. You sigh and wiggle your hips. "Mmmmm...that's nice...now I remember why I keep you around, Dick. Hello? Executive Travel? Yes...mmmmm...yes, this is Ms. Jan Nibbles. Uh...uh...uh-huh...mmmmmm...yes, I was wanting to book...oh, god...book a flight to...oh, you'll have to excuse me...I'm having my pussy eaten right now and it IS a bit distracting. Oh, and I think I'm going to cum...oh, yes...I'm cummming. Oh, fuuuuck! Oh, that is SO fucking good! MMMMMMMMMM YEAHHHH!" I feel your juices rush down my tongue as your thighs clench my head. You put your hand on the back of my head, your fingers entwined in my hair, and force my mouth down harder on your wet lips. I keep licking your delicious pussy as you finish up your "call".

"Mmmmmm..." you pull my head away from your pussy and look down at me. "Good work, Dick! You made me cum hard. I have meetings, but before I go, you know what the bosslady really needs?" You push away from your chair and stand up before I can answer. "A good hard ramming from that big cock of yours, Dick. Come here and give it to me, baby!"

You stand up and plant your legs about shoulder width apart, your calves and thighs look sculpted and sexy in your heels. You bend over slightly at the waist and put your palms flat on the table. The hem of your pinstripe skirt rides up just enough to reveal your glistening cunt lips. I move behind you and slide my cock into your hot box. I start to thrust into you.

"Oh, come on, Dick! Fuck me, HARD! Pound my pussy with that fat cock!" You start to buck back against me and I pick up the pace, thrusting deep and hard. "Smack my hot ass, Dick! You know I need it!" I slap your ass and you reach around and slap it again. "Oh, fuck...YEAHHH! Spank my naughty ass!! I'm a dirty girl and I need a good spanking!! Pound my pussy!!"

I grab your waist with both hands and start to thrust into you like a man possessed. You cum hard and fast but my cock is so numb from my constant erection there's no way I could shoot that quickly. After your pussy stops spasming around my shaft and your tremors have subsided you pull away from my cock and turn around. You grab my slick, glistening cock and give it a little shake, kind of like you're shaking hands. "Good work, Dick! Always the trooper. Way to keep that cock hard whenever I need it. You'd better get back to your office...I have work to do."

Again? I STILL can't cum!!?? My balls are about to burst!! My cock is purple and throbbing!! You're not SERIOUS!

You drop your persona and take stock of the situation as though we are talking over coffee. The blood is pounding in my ears to the point I can barely hear you. "Okay...well...the slutty bosslady outfit DEFINITELY seems to have arrived with no problems! We only have one more! Why don't you go have a seat back in the livingroom and I'll put it on."

I stumble into the foyer in a daze, the taste of your sweet cunt still on my tongue.

[End of Part 2 - One more outfit to go...in Part 3!!]