 Nikki sat on the edge of her bed as she carefully slid the pale white thigh highs up her long, toned legs, admiring them in the mirror. Standing, she finished them into place and turned slowly, making sure her upper thighs and tight, heart shaped ass looked just right. She carefully pulled her crotchless panties up those silken legs, positioning it just right, so that her delicate, tender treasure was wholly visible, accentuated by that tiny tuft of trimmed fur just over her clitoris, and she sat down on the edge of her bed again. Her soft palm caressed her very core as her mind drifted once more to the evening she was about to experience.

Nikki's friend Sharon had gotten her into this. Sharon had met a group of men who were seeking out women who prided themselves on their ability to deep throat big cock. Sharon had always been an adoring fan of servicing her men with her oral abilities and her cravings had evolved into quite an astounding talent. Sharon always felt it was her duty to work as hard as possible to bring men the pleasure she acknowledged they deserved, and her own (not so secret) needs were satiated in the deepest way by her worship of truly horsehung men. Sharon and Nikki had discussed this many times, and they completely understood each other when they would relate real-life experiences. 

Nikki remembered the first time Sharon described her encounter with a man named Peter. Sharon had met Peter while away on business, first noticing his large, muscular frame, and his masculine, handsome features. As Sharon relayed the story to Nikki, Peter's eyes were warm, his hands large and strong and the bulge in his pants prominent enough to draw her attention as they sat in the hotel bar, getting to know each other. Peter was of German descent, and his blond features were very appealing to Sharon. As happens in many a hotel bar, their conversation eventually wound its way to flirtatious territory and Peter suggested they continue their discussion up in his room. 

Sharon felt comfortable with Peter and accepted his invitation. Once upstairs, Peter took Sharon in his strong arms, leaning in slowly to kiss her deeply on the mouth, over and over again. As Nikki listened to Sharon's story, she could feel her own little pussy heating and moistening, envying her friend's uncanny ability to find men like Peter in situations that were more akin to a porn script than to a business conference. Anyway, as Sharon told it, they kissed for a long time, as Peter's hands roamed over her firm, curved body. 

Sharon had large breasts, which were just aching to be played with, and she helped Peter remove her blouse and bra, which lifted them so high and proud. Her large mounds were finally exposed and Peter could not keep his hands or mouth off of them. He leaned down, his warm, moist tongue lapping at Sharon's stiffening peaks, as his hands held her firmly in place. Shivers ran through Sharon's body as Peter's expert tongue played at her nipples, teasing them to an incredibly erotic stiffness. Sharon groaned as her body began to heat with a deepening submission of sorts and all she could think of was how much she wanted to "taste" this man's cock. Peter stepped away and stripped off his shirt, revealing a perfectly smooth, tanned chest that was obviously the product of many years on the gym. Sharon inhaled a tiny gasp at the sight of his magnificent body, and just enjoyed the moment as her deepest essence began to throb and intensify. 

Sharon instinctually sank to her knees, rising up tall before Peter, her back straight and her gaze fixed on his crotch as her feminine, manicured fingers deftly undid his belt, slowly moving to the button that held his khakis around his trim waist, and finally grasping the zipper and slowly pulling it down. Sharon loved the way Peter stood before her, his hands resting on his hips, as if almost posing a Dominant posture that only served to make Sharon feel all the more feminine—and more than a bit submissive. This was the zone that Sharon knew in her heart was hers and it caused her mouth to actually salivate as she "performed" for Peter. Her hands pulled his trousers down and she helped Peter step out of them, as she tossed them over the arm of the upholstered chair nearby.

Her eyes widened as she drank in the bulging pouch which appeared before her. Peter was wearing black, thong-type underwear, and his beautiful loins resembled a heavy bunch of fruit before her. She looked up at him, and while she spoke no words, her eyes revealed her appreciation and desire to bring pleasure. Her soft hands flattened out over his striated thighs and she slowly massaged his massive, rockhard legs up and down. They were, she noticed to herself, just as smooth as his incredible chest and arms. Sharon leaned in and planted a soft kiss upon that pouch, knowing deep in her heart that this was what she was born for. 

Her lips tugged and teased at the massive bulge as she exhaled warm breath through the fabric and she could not wait another second. She looked up once again and her eyes met Peter's deep-set, dark blue eyes, which were smiling down at her. She grasped the thong where it encircled his waist and pulled it down his legs and helped step him out of it. Her breath was taken away as his huge cock was now exposed in all its glory. It was enormous and sensually beautiful, and Sharon took it in her hand, which by comparison appeared incredibly small. Her pussy began to moisten in earnest as she felt the sensual weight of Peter's cock in her hand. It must have measured about eleven inches long and beyond the amazing length it was almost as thick around as a very healthy, fully ripened cucumber. Her feral instincts took over and Sharon began to slowly stroke it back and forth, feeling it stiffen in her grasp. 

She looked up at Peter once again, as if to say thank you for this beautiful cock, but she could not speak. Molten waves of desire, pleasure and the staggering need to "service" overwhelmed her. Back and forth she stroked that huge cock, causing it stiffen even further, and for a brief moment, she released it from her grasp. It pointed straight out from his beautiful body, the massive head weighing it down just slightly with the slightest, most sensual arc Sharon could have ever dreamed of. 

Her soft, warm fist returned to the base, steadying Peter's huge cock as her moist, pink tongue escaped her lips to lap the satiny head, which was slowly turning a bluish hue as the pleasure flooded through Peter's muscular, masculine form. Sharon ached to really taste that magnificent cock, and her lips encased the plum-shaped head, drawing over it again and again. Her senses were in an incredibly heightened state as she leaned further in, taking more and more of Peter's awesome flesh, always conscious of the back and forth motion, which she matched perfectly to the steady stroking her tiny fist was bestowing upon the base of that giant cock. Sharon felt her own belly tighten with a sensation like butter melting within her deepest core.

Peter stood tall and motionless above Sharon, firmly focused on the pleasure which this woman was so proudly bestowing upon him. He could feel his full, heavy balls begin to tighten slowly, and when Sharon's other hand found them in her soft, worshipping palm, he could feel the pre-cum begin to leak copiously into her warm, moist mouth. He could only groan as he concentrated on relaxing his tightening pleasure in order to really enjoy this incredible display of servitude. 

Sharon went deeper still, her full, moist lips wrapped tight around Peter's huge tool, her tongue sliding out over her lower lip, flattening to lather and tease that hard cum-tube which ran so sensuously down the underside of Peter's cock. Her head bobbed with a steady, erotic rhythm, taking more and more of Peter's incredible size into her throat. Sharon had devoured about two-thirds of her object of desire when her tiny pussy melted into her first orgasm, the heated vessel contracting and releasing as intense waves of pleasure cascaded through her sensual essence. 

That, she later told Nikki, was the first time she'd ever cum just by sucking cock.

Her determination increased, and all she could focus on was bringing this magnificent man the same depth of pleasure she was feeling. Deeper and deeper down that cock she went, angling just slightly so that she could gaze up and see Peter's eyes, which were all but glazed over. His body pulsed and tightened as Sharon's pursed lips finally found their destination, banging into his tight, erotic bush. She had done it! She had deep throated Peter's massive cock, and as her lips moved back and forth at the rockhard base of Peter's huge tool, her pussy melted again, as her honey gushed within that tiny treasure, as yet another orgasm raged within her sensual body.

Peter just moaned and groaned as he looked down at her, and the sight of this very feminine woman lip-locked around his huge cock, her throat absolutely filled with his flesh, was just too much for his erotic senses. Her rhythmic servicing of his flesh boiled over and the pleasure began to seep up his sculpted legs. Sharon sensed Peter's pleasure as well, and after a last few loving back-and-forths down at the base of his massive endowment, she slowly pulled off of Peter's flesh, and just wiggled that busy, pink tongue over the head. Peter did not have to be told what to do as his own fist took that cock and stroked at it, still looking down into Sharon's soft, expressive pools, which seemed to draw still more pleasure from Peter's body. 

He groaned as Sharon spoke gently, yet with sensual urgency, "Oh, god, please cum all over me…I need your cum soooo badly". Peter's senses were overwhelmed and his pursed, firm balls began to release his pleasure. The first squirt was incredible, almost like a trigger had been pulled in Peter's pleasure center, as his warm, jismy love soaked over her lips and tongue…His stroking continued, and another almost equally heavy gush of pearlish-cum spilled forth, this time drenching Sharon's cheek and lips.

More still, as Peter's body bucked and tightened, sending huge spilling squirts of his incredible cum over Sharon's face, as it sensuously dripped down her neck and chin to rest glistening on her large, firm breasts. Sharon had never seen a man cum so much before and she reveled in the drenching Peter was rewarding her with as his beautiful cum spilled over her silken flesh. Her face was soaked as his obvious pleasure began to subside. Her tongue lovingly licked the last of Peter's cum off of the tip of his massive cock and she could only gaze up at him in awe and respect.

Peter finally seemed to come back to his senses, and reaching down, he gently lifted Sharon to her feet. His huge arms enveloped her once again and he leaned down and in to kiss her deeply and passionately on her mouth. They kissed for what seemed like an eternity.

As Nikki sat there on the edge of bed, half-dressed, dreamily recalling Sharon's story, she could barely wait for this night to unfold. She would be meeting Sharon, Peter and two of Peter's friends for a very special initiation. Actually, it was more of an audition and as Nikki thought more about it, she was certain and very determined that there would be nothing that would get in her way of gaining membership in this very exclusive club.

Nikki took one final look at herself in the mirror and liked what she saw. Her blonde hair was shining, all pinned up with just a few soft, curling wisps dangling against her high cheekbones and long, slender neck. Her eyelashes were accentuated long and dark and the large hoop earrings added to her incredible femininity. Her low-cut silk blouse revealed the firm, sculpted cleavage of her large, firm breasts, barely concealing those sensual nipples, which always seemed to be in a state of excitement. 

Her tight leather skirt was her shortest, barely concealing the tops of those soft, white stockings, which were clipped to her tiny, crotchless panties. All of this capped off by 5 inch black heels. Yes, Nikki thought to herself, pretty fucking hot and very, very ripe! Nikki's only thought was the pleasure of the men she was to meet that evening. After applying a liberal application of very expensive, deep red and very moist lipstick to her full, pliant lips, she left her apartment and click-clicked on those heels as she walked to her car. 

Nikki pulled into Sharon's driveway and noticed the two other cars parked out front. One was a big black SUV, which was the type of vehicle she'd expect the kind of men who'd be there tonight to be driving. The other was something sportier, but in the dark of the evening, Nikki couldn't quite make out the model. She walked up the driveway and rang the bell on Sharon's front door. Nikki was a bit nervous, but mostly in a good way, as she knew this was to be a memorable evening. Sharon opened the door, dressed in a soft blue satin robe, a wine glass in her hand. "Hey, sweetheart. So glad you could make it," Sharon whispered, welcoming her friend. "Hi, love. Are you kidding, I wouldn't miss this for the world," Nikki replied, giving her sexy friend a knowing wink. "Now, can I come in and meet these friends of yours?"

Sharon took Nikki by the hand and led her into the living room. Nikki bit her lower lip as Sharon introduced her to Peter, Rick and "Horse". The three men were standing together talking, but Nikki's presence immediately distracted them. Maybe it was the scent of her subtle perfume or perhaps the incredibly erotic curves and appeal of her body, but they looked Nikki up and down for more than a lingering moment and welcomed her to the evening's festivities. Nikki was already melting. Each of these men was more gorgeous than the next. Peter, who Nikki felt she knew from Sharon's story, was absolutely everything she'd imagined him to be. 

Rick was very, very tall, Nikki noticed, probably about 6'6", with medium length dark brown hair, and very sensual features. He was as well built as Peter and seemed to possess a special, masculine horniness to him. Nikki was immediately attracted. Horse was probably the oldest of the three, likely in his early 30s, with a decidedly rugged look, with curly, jet black hair and a thick moustache. He wore a leather vest which hung open over his massive chest, which was covered with a pelt of black hair which narrowed to a thick line of fur down over his 6-pack abs, to a pair of tight, leather pants held in place by a studded belt. Nikki could only imagine the kind of action this man would demand from her. Nikki's senses were already swimming and she was having trouble concentrating on what anyone was saying.

"Hey, Nikk, would you like a glass of wine, hon?" Sharon asked, a slight smile on her lips, completely understanding exactly what her sexy friend was thinking. "Umm…um…oh, sure, Sharon…Thanks…That would be great," Nikki replied, almost stammering. Sharon poured her friend a glass of wine and led her to the center of the room.

"Would you gentlemen like to see a bit more of my friend here?" Sharon asked. "Mmm, exactly what we were thinking," said Peter, who seemed unable to take his eyes off Nikki. "She's even more beautiful than you described, Sharon," Horse added, in a deeply masculine voice that appealed to Nikki's submissive tendencies. The three men chuckled a bit when Sharon invited them to sit down on the couch and enjoy "the show". 

Sharon then turned to Nikki and as they stood before these men, Sharon began running her hands all over Nikki's body. Nikki blushed a bit, but felt a strange pride that Sharon was "displaying" her for these men. It caused a soft, warm friction deep in Nikki's core and she began to relax, focusing on just how nice Sharon's delicate hands felt caressing her body.

Sharon unbuttoned Nikki's blouse, slowly peeling it over her friend's shoulders, exposing the black half-bra, which held those massive breasts so high and firm. Sharon's hands slid under them, sensuously lifting and rubbing them, always making sure the men had a perfect view of what she was doing. Sharon leaned in and kissed Nikki on the mouth, and both of their soft, pink tongues extended to dance for a lingering and very erotic moment. Nikki's arms reached out and hugged Sharon as they kissed, pulling her friend closer so that Sharon's robed body was pressed against her. Sharon knew what she was doing, however, and deftly undid the front clasp on Nikki's bra, slowly removing it so that Peter, Rick and Horse could see those beautiful breasts exposed for the first time. "Show them to our friends, Nikki," 

Sharon said, "I know they'd like to see how you like those big tits handled." Nikki didn't need to be told what to do, and her soft hands, accentuated by those long, manicured blood-red nails reached underneath her breasts and squeezed them together, her eyes moving back and forth to each of the men seated before her. She lifted one breast a bit higher, easily allowing her little pink tongue to graze the nipple, giving it a shine as it began to grow. 

Then the other, which responded in like form. The men were starting to squirm, transfixed on Nikki's perfect form, as she stood before them in that tight, little miniskirt, the silk stockings and those narrow, erotic heels. Sharon was smiling as she eased Nikki down and sat her on the coffee table, facing the men. Sharon sat beside her and gently spread Nikki's knees, moving her feet about 3 feet apart. Nikki continued playing at her breasts, her thumbs sensuously brushing those hardened nipples slowly, side-to-side. 

This was almost too much for the men, and when Sharon lifted the front of Nikki's short skirt, her tiny, moist treasure was visible for all to see. Nikki's tiny core was sooo beautiful. It was tender in a feminine way and had a beautiful, erotic shape to it, the lips small and delicate. It seemed to glisten at the men and Nikki felt an incredible warmth in being watched this way, which made her even hotter. Sharon reached down and lightly caressed her friend's moist essence, provoking little sighs from Nikki's throat. Nikki leaned back on one hand for a moment and just enjoyed the pleasure her friend was bestowing upon her.

"Mmmmm, that is fucking beautiful!" Rick said, his words alone coaxing a bit more moistness from Nikki's tiny pussy. Nikki remained in that position, leaning back, one hand resting on the coffee table as Rick climbed off the couch and knelt right before her. Nikki and Sharon both watched silently as Rick's large, strong hands spread Nikki's legs a bit wider, and after a lingering and very hungry gaze, Rick leaned in and gave that little pussy a warm, open-mouthed kiss. Sharon pulled her hand back and Rick began to eat Nikki's pussy in earnest. He licked and teased at it with his long tongue, using just the tip to trace those warm, excited lips in small, erotic circles. Rick lowered his open mouth over her tiny pussy and made sure everything was moist and warm. His lips chewed at Nikki's delicious pussy, each lapping caress coaxing Nikki's groans of excitement. 

Horse also got up off the couch and stepped up in front of Nikki, who now sat up tall on the coffee table, her hands affectionately running through Rick's head of hair as he ate her pussy. Horse's crotch was even with Nikki's face and she didn't need to be told what to do. Nikki undid Horse's pants and freed his absolutely huge cock, which was already hard, the regal, fleshy head shining with pre-cum excitement. Nikki melted, what with this gorgeous cock before her and Rick absolutely devouring her pussy. Nikki couldn't help but notice Horse's big, full bush, and leaned in to kiss it gently. She removed one hand from Rick's tousled hair and took hold of Horse's cock. 

Her hand wasn't big enough to reach all the way around it, which Nikki found to be an incredible turn-on. Horse's dark, masculine features were reflected in his cock as well, Nikki noticed to herself, as she stroked the dark, stiff shaft which already had a long blue, very prominent vein running the length down the side. His cock must have been about twelve inches long, and the head alone was the size of a ripened plum. Rick caught a glimpse of Horse and backed off of Nikki, returning to the couch. After all, Nikki was here for an "audition" of sorts, wasn't she? 
