 The room felt very strange to Katelyn. But everything had felt strange since she'd walked out on her husband.

She was in the guest bedroom of her best friend from college, Emily. She had stayed in the hotel as long as she could. But just as the money was about to run out, she'd gotten a call out of the blue from Emily, who'd asked if she needed a place to stay. And she'd been so grateful she couldn't even make a pretense of refusing.

Now she was sitting in a strange bedroom, staring at the wall, wondering for the millionth time if she'd made a mistake. She hadn't even touched the two bags that Emily's husband Hank had dragged out of her hotel room, out to her car, up the winding front steps and into the house. She felt like unpacking them would make it too real.

There was a light knock at the door and Emily poked her face in. Katelyn felt a slight bit of reality come back at the sight of the familiar visage that always seem on the brink of a naughty grin.

"Hey, want to join me on the deck for a drink or three?"

"Um, I guess."

She passively followed Emily out. Emily stopped at Hank's office — he was busy over his laptop — and told him they'd be outside. And then they went out into the warm evening and took up two lawn chairs. Emily handed her a glass of wine and the two women sat in the growing darkness.

For a while, they just casually chatted about work, life, gossip about friends. Emily didn't press the issue, but Katelyn knew they were going to inevitably come to her marital situation. As the wine settled in, however, her trepidation about the divorce grew into anticipation to the point where she was waiting for Emily to bring it up. It had been a couple of months now and she hadn't really had the chance to talk about it to a friend, woman to woman. Emily picked up on this. And after their second glass, spoke with a delicate voice.

"So ... "

"Yeah."

"I know I shouldn't say this. Because friends are always saying, 'Yeah, you go girl' to someone who's contemplating a divorce. I really always hope that things will work out. But in your case ..."

"Yes?"

"In your case ... holy shit, Katelyn, what took you so long?"

Katelyn couldn't speak for a moment. And then she burst out laughing. And then the laughter turned to tears. Emily came over and gave her hug and kissed her forehead. But for a long time, Katelyn couldn't really speak. It was as if all the pent-up emotions of two months had come gushing out at once.

"I'm sorry," she said.

"No, no, no. It's OK. I know ... well, I don't really know ... but I can guess how hard this all is on you."

"But you think I'm doing the right thing?"

Emily looked at her for a moment and then nodded. "Absolutely. Doug is ... he's a piece of shit. I thought so when you married him. I've thought so for eight years. And now I'm finally glad I don't have to pretend otherwise."

"You're right," said Katelyn, sitting back on the chair. "I knew it. I knew it even I was walking down the aisle."

"So ..."

"Well ... it was my upbringing. I was always told I had to save myself for marriage. 'Save yourself for marriage', 'your chastity is scared', 'no man will want a fallen woman'. But even though all that stuff was drilled into me from a very young age ... I just couldn't stick to it. I eventually slept with a man. And then he dumped me. And then another. And he dumped me. And then I slept with Doug. And when he said we should get married, I was relieved. I thought I was finally saved from a life of ignominy." 

Emily touched her hand.

"I knew it was a huge mistake. But then it was my parents again, 'No man will want a divorcee'. But when I turned thirty, it was like something changed in me. I started getting more assertive about what I wanted. And that really pissed him off. And then I realized that I desperately wanted kids and desperately did not want them to be his kids. Not that he wanted them anyway. He'd been stringing me along for years on the kids thing before I realized he didn't want any. And ... well, he barely ever wanted to do ... you know, the thing that makes kids."

Emily looked at her in shock.

"Really?"

"Really. That was one of the worst parts. It made me feel so ugly and unattractive. I guess it was a way of keeping me down, making me think no other man would want me. But that was what broke the camel's back. I would try to make myself look sexy and be all seductive. But he wasn't interested. I felt so humiliated when he would reject me that I stopped even trying.

"Then one day, I'm walking down the street and some construction workers start cat-calling me. And ... I mean, I didn't like it, obviously. They shouldn't be doing that to women. But it was like a revelation. I suddenly realized that I wasn't unattractive. That there were men who would want me. And that there was no reason to stay in that rotten marriage."

"Glad to hear that. You are ... quite attractive. I've always thought so. Hank has said so many times."

Katelyn blushed a little bit. She'd always envied Emily's look — tall, slender, sleek and with an ass to die for. And she knew that Emily, at least in college, had been a little bit bisexual. To hear a genuine complement from Emily made her feel better.

"So that night, he went out to the bar. And I packed up my things and left. I was terrified. But I made myself do it. He called me to scream at me until I blocked his number. And my lawyer got a restraining order. I had saved up a little money where he couldn't get at it but ... this is really burning up what little was there. And my parents have said they won't support me through this. So ..."

"You're more than welcome to stay here until you're back on your feet, "said Emily, patting her hand. "It'll be like back in college!"

Katelyn smiled and brushed away a tear. Emily gave her hand another pat and then went back into the house. When she returned, she had a bottle of sparkling wine.

"OK, now this deserves something a little more special."

"Emily! This isn't something to celebrate!" Katelyn said with a laugh.

"Sure it is! You just got rid of 200 pounds of ugly fat and my best friend is my roommate again. That's definitely something to celebrate."

The night went on and the alcohol began to get to the two women. Their conversation was becoming more intimate and more interspersed with laughter and giggling. For the first time since she'd dashed out of the house with nothing but two suitcases, Katelyn was feeling happy.

"Cheers again," said Emily. "To being free of that lump."

"He wasn't that bad," said Katelyn. "I did love him."

"I'm not sure why," said Emily. "I always wondered what you saw in him when you first hooked up with him. It wasn't like he was rich or funny or anything."

Katelyn nodded. "That's true. And ..."

She blushed and then whispered, "And the sex was ... it was never good."

Emily feigned shock and put her hand to her mouth.

"I mean it wasn't awful. It was better than nothing, I guess. But even my previous boyfriends were better and ... they were no great shakes."

Emily looked up at the office window, where she could see the shadow of Hank working at his desk.

"That's not a complaint I can make," she said. "Hank is just ..."

She turned back to Katelyn and gave a wink and an OK sign.

"Really," said Katelyn, blushing.

"Oh, yes. It's fucking amazing fucking," she said and they burst into drunken giggles again.

Katelyn knew that Emily had been around. Had been round a lot. It had always been an odd contrast in their friendship — Katelyn's demureness against Emily's promiscuity. When they'd been roommates, Katelyn had lost track of the number of men Emily had spent the night with.

"I wouldn't think. Well ... he's just ..."

"Oh, you'd be surprised. First of all, he's ..."

She looked around and lowered her voice.

"He's very big. Like ridiculously endowed."

Katelyn laughed and put her hand to her mouth. But for the first time in weeks, she felt something stir inside her.

"And he knows how to use it. And ... well, it turns out ..."

She looked up again at the window, then leaned over to Katelyn and whispered.

"It was always great. From the very beginning. But not long after we hooked up, I discovered something about our Mr. Hank. He's into control. Taking control. And giving control. And he's really into being controlled by me. Orgasm denial, edging, all that. We have ... a lot of fun with that. It's gotten to the point where I can make him cum on command."

"No you can't," said Katelyn with a slight laugh.

"Well, I mean I can't just scream, "Hank, cum!" and make him spurt all over the place. But if it's been a while and I build him up and give him a nice long tease ... get him right to edge ... " she ended the sentence with another wink.

"I don't believe that."

"Well," said Emily. "You get me in the right mood and maybe I'll prove it to you."

"And he likes that?"

"He loves it. You know how men have to sometimes hold back so that they don't finish before their woman does?"

"Well, I've heard of that. Doug never did that."

Emily frowned. "What a piece of shit. Well, thanks to our ... rapport ... Hank doesn't have to even do that sometimes. If I've got him in the right place mentally, he can go as hard and as fast as he wants, be right on the brink, but not finish until I tell him to. It's like a long orgasm for him."

Katelyn blushed again, both at the image and at Emily's crude description.

Their conversation shifted back to more mundane things. And after a while, Hank came outside with a beer to join them. They chatted casually. But Katelyn suddenly felt a little intimidated by him, thinking about what Emily had said. She'd never known a man who was well-endowed or even rumored to be. She'd never known a man who was an expert cocksman or even rumored to be. She found herself acting like a schoolgirl with a crush: laughing at everything he said, hesitant to talk to him but constantly aware of his virile presence. And it turned her on even more to know that he was completely oblivious to what she was thinking about.

The alcohol had her mind going in all kinds of naughty directions. She found herself occasionally glancing at his crotch when he wasn't looking to see if Emily's boasts were real. After they went inside, she watched the two of them casually cleaning up and envisioned Hank pounding Emily through climax after climax. She shuddered slightly as another unfamiliar thrill of arousal went through her.

——— 

It was a few nights later that they were sitting around the living room, having another idle chat interspersed with some drinks. They were just beginning to feel the effects when Emily gave Katelyn a sly wink that said, "watch this".

"I'm really happy that Katelyn is going to be living with us for a while," Emily said to Hank. "It's so nice living with my best friend again."

Hank nodded. "Treat our home like yours."

"I've always thought she was really pretty, too. Don't you think so?" she asked, leaning over and touching his crotch.

Hank jumped at the touch. He made eye contact with Emily who stared him down. He looked back at Katelyn and slowly looked her up and down. Katelyn became very aware of how short her skirt was and how tight her shirt was. As she watched, Emily began moving her hands over her husband's pants. He nodded.

"Yes she is. Very pretty."

"Do you know what she was telling me earlier?" Emily said, gently touching a sizable bulge in his pants. Hank shook his head and shifted uncomfortably.

"She was telling me that her needle-dicked soon-to-be-ex-husband almost never wanted to have sex with her."

Katelyn blushed furiously. She was somewhat annoyed that Emily had divulged this information. But that quickly disappeared when she noticed Hank's reaction — or rather that of his cock. She could actually see it slowly straightening out down his leg, creating a bulge far longer than Katelyn could ever have imagined. Surely he wasn't that big, was he? Emily grinned at Katelyn and began stroking her fingers up and down the thick concealed sausage.

"Can you imagine that? Can you imagine any man passing on such an attractive woman? Night after night? Can you imagine her lying in bed, wanting sex. Needing sex. And not getting it because her husband can't be bothered?"

"No," said Hank heavily. "No, I can't."

"Getting so frustrated she has to pleasure herself? Just aching for a man to come in and take her."

Hank shook his head.

"All that loveliness. Just wasted. Why I don't think she's had it for a least a few months."

Katelyn jumped again. Hank looked her up and down again.

"That's one way you've never disappointed me. Any time I've wanted sex, all I had to do was ask. And you don't stop until I'm sated."

She grinned at Katelyn again and continued her fondling, now taking long slow hard strokes down the length of his fully erect cock, which was straining upward against the fabric of his pants. The brazenness of it shocked Katelyn.

"It takes a lot to sate me, you know. When I want it, I really want it. And you can go as long as I want you to, can't you?"

He nodded again. She continued stroking him for a while. The silence in the room became thunderous.

"Katelyn's never had it that good. And after all this time, all this neglect ... just think about how tight she must be."

Katelyn gasped in astonishment. And Hank's cock swelled. Emily shifted her grip and was now openly masturbating him through his pants.

"I mean, she'd be tight anyway. She's maybe 5' 3". And short women are smaller down there. I mean that's just logical. But almost no sex? And with such a modest endowment even when she did get it? Just imagine."

She grinned at Katelyn and then shocked her with her next words.

"Just imagine what it would be like for that big penis of yours to open up that tight little pussy."

Hank's eyes were almost glazed over with arousal. And Katelyn, despite her embarrassment, realized that she was becoming aroused too. Her nipples were hardening against her bra. And her vagina was getting wet. Her breath began to come deeper and deeper. She looked down at the tremendous bulge in his pants. Just the thought of Hank plunging that ... thing ... into her scared her a little, making her want to cross her legs to protect her delicate pussy. But it aroused her too.

Emily kept squeezing her husband's mighty penis through his pants, stroking it harder and faster.

"You'd have to be careful with her being so tight. You wouldn't to hurt her, would you? Go in really slow and easy. Let her get used to your size before really giving it to her. But in the end, I'm sure she would love it. The way you stretch a woman out. The way you touch all of those sensitive spots, no matter how deep."

Hank's breathing got deeper and his cock swelled again, trying to rip through the fabric of his pants.

"I bet she's never had an orgasm from fucking. And I bet you could fix that."

Katelyn gasped in astonishment at the words. It was true. The only orgasms she'd ever had were the product of her own fingers. She'd sometimes wondered if vaginal orgasms were just a myth. She locked eyes with Hank and he looked her slowly up and down, groping her curvaceous body with his eyes. His look seems to promise sex. Without thinking, she parted her legs. 

"Ohh, look. She's giving us a little peek!" said Emily. "I can just see her panties. Can you, Hank?"

"Yes."

"Just a little. They're white. She must be a good girl to wear white panties. It's how she was raised: to be a good girl who wears white panties. Just think of what it would be like to take such a good girl, to really take her. Or maybe they're white but really sexy. I bet she'd love to wear something truly sexy. She's always crossed me as one of those good girls who could become a really really bad girl if she wanted to." 

Katelyn blushed again. The panties she was wearing were very sensible and plain. But seeing the effect they were having on Hank made her feel like she was wearing the raciest sluttiest thong imaginable.

"Is there anything else you want to show my husband?" asked Emily. "Any other hint of the beautiful neglected woman who is living right under his roof?"

Katelyn didn't think. She reached up and pulled up her shirt, revealing her soft belly. Hank watched her every movement with an undisguised lust she'd never seen before. And she kept going until she had to tug it over one heavy bra cup. Like the panties, the bra was very sensible — a plain white underwire full coverage bra. But Hank's reaction — a powerful throb of his cock and a dazed look on his face — made it feel like she was wearing the sexiest bra on the planet. 

"Wow. She is so busty. It's so rare to see such a short girl who's so busty. I bet those are at least 34 C's."

"36C," said Katelyn, then blushed again. She couldn't believe she'd told Hank her bra size.

"Wow." Emily pulled one of Hank's hands up to her breast. He began eagerly groping and kneading it.

"He loves my tits. Absolutely loves them. And I'm only a 32B. He'd go crazy over yours."

She turned back to Hank, stroking his cock harder and harder.

"Can you imagine that magnificent bust wasted on her husband? Tits that spectacular deserve a big cock. One like yours. Big cocks and big tits are just made for each other, don't you think?"

She stroked Hank harder, driving him toward climax.

"A woman that hot ... she doesn't deserve a few lame pumps every few months. She deserves to be fucked by a big cock until she doesn't know what month she's in. She's earned it by being so hot and so sexy. Don't you agree?"

Hank nodded. He was starting to pant with exertion.

"And just think of the dilemma you would face if you took her. Do you cum deep inside her? Let her feel those big spurts deeper than any man has ever been? Hank always cums a lot. He'd really fill you up. The way you deserve to be filled up."

Katelyn almost moaned at the thought of it, but bit it off. She'd never told Emily but her favorite part of sex was being cummed in. The way a man would clutch her, push as deep as he could. The way his cock would swell, throb and then melt. The warm feel of semen deep inside her. The thought of those millions upon millions of sperm seeking out her egg. It was all she could do not to masturbate right in front of them. 

"A body like that ... you're supposed to fill up the way nature intended. She has got those fertile baby-making hips. I bet she'd get pregnant really easily."

Katelyn finally let out a slight moan in response. Emily grinned like a cheshire cat at the sound.

"Or maybe you should pull out and cum on those magnificent tits? They're big, but you cum so much you'd be sure to do justice to them."

Katelyn resolve not to touch herself was weakening by the second. Just the anticipation had her on the brink of orgasm. One finger up her tight skirt and against her damp panties would have set her off.

Emily let go of her husband's throbbing penis. She grinned wickedly at Katelyn and then leaned into him.

"Now," whispered Emily. "Cum for me."

Hank's face turned red with exertion. His cock swelled massively in his pants, the head bulging out well down his thigh. And then, to Katelyn's shock, he grunted and began to cum. His cock throbbed against the confinement of his pants and a large wetness appeared and began spreading. Small spurts of white cum bubbled up through the saturated cloth. And he kept going — eight or nine spurts at least. Emily just watched giddily, her eyes occasionally flicking to take in Katelyn, who was taking deep excited breaths. Finally, he gasped aloud and slumped back onto the couch. 

And then Katelyn climaxed. Without even touching herself, she came. It wasn't anything mind-shattering, just a slow pleasurable release that started in her clit and diffused through her body. But was definitely real. It was the first orgasm she'd had in weeks. And the first one in months that made her truly happy, not racked with shame over having to masturbate because her husband didn't want her.
