 Disclaimer: All names and surnames mentioned are imaginary and fictitious. Any resemblance is purely coincidental and unintentional.

*****

"Bunty, hurry up! The bus will be here any minute!" I hollered at my son.

It was the regular morning routine. I, being the busy mother, had my hands full. My 8-year old son, although prim and proper in his school uniform, seemed to forget that he had school today, and on top of that, a class test right in the first period. It would be a disaster if he was late. Yet he was in no mood to finish his glass of milk and was squinting at the overcast sky outside. Clearly he was wishing for a rainy day today.

I tugged at his plate again, and started packing his lunch.

"Oh God! Now where did he put his bag?" I started hunting for it desperately. Yeah right, one of its side pockets had come off. I was stitching it up last night. So it must be in our bedroom then. Upstairs.

I controlled my hurried footsteps as I came near the door.

Restraining my rapid breaths, I tiptoed inside, making sure not to disturb my snoring husband. The large hairy man slept away peacefully, completely shut off from the everyday morning ruckus. I picked up the small schoolbag from the chair near the bed.

At that very moment, the loud honk of the bus increased my pulse rate again. 

Dashing down the stairs, I shoved the lunchbox inside (thank God I had arranged all the books last night itself), grabbed my child and rushed outside the house. We were very close to another honking. Two honks meant the bus would leave.

The helper of the bus was standing near the vehicle's entrance, staring at us in an displeased manner and yawning widely. Usually, we remained outside and waited for him. Today was an unexpected exception.

Our residence being the second in the colony, the Guptas' daughter was the first passenger in the bus normally. I waved at her everyday as I knew about her usual window seat. Today, I noticed she was absent.

"Bye Mummy!" called Bunty. He has made his way to his favourite seat.

I bade him goodbye, the bus sprung into action and the helper hoisted himself up. It was only then that I realized that he was looking at me in a somewhat unpleasant way. Or, rather at my bosom.

The bus sped away. It was silent all around again. All I could hear was the mad chirping of birds signaling the beginning of a fresh morning. A distant rumble of thunder also caught my ears. Maybe it would rain soon. It would be best if Bunty reached his school before that.

I stood alone in the yard, taking in lungfuls of the pure air of an early morning and relishing the peaceful solitude. This was the loveliest and most special part of my day; my husband wouldn't get up before another two hours. It was only 6 o'clock.

My mind snapped back to that gaze. A gaze, which had lust stamped all over it. In my great hurry, my sari had probably slipped off a few inches, revealing a hint of my cleavage before his sleepy eyes. His sleep had vanished instantly, I figured. My bosom was an ample one, and it had endured stares and glances in plenty before. His look was nothing new. I got such a rude shock since it came from such unexpected quarters.

Possibly that was the reason.

I entered the house again.

Did I like it?

I was still a young mother. My body hasn't lost its grace and charm yet; my feminine curves were rightly intact. I loved looking at myself in the mirror.

It was my marriage which has got old. Or perhaps, monotonous and dry. The element of surprise has evaporated long back. We kept on doing the same things, day in, day out.

Have I become tired of my existence? Or was I blaming it all on Rahul, who was snoring upstairs? Was it really his fault?

It was true that I had made a few sacrifices, for everyone's benefit. His frequent transfers and postings had taken a heavy toll on my own job and I had resigned consequently, thereafter following him everywhere. Someone needed to look after the household in every temporary location we had moved in, and I had done it all along, silently and loyally, without expecting anything in return.

But why would I expect? Love, family, marriage... weren't these things supposed to be unconditional? What was I expecting from Rahul? Appreciation of any kind? Or that he would cuddle and pamper me the whole day? Didn't that sound silly after all these years?

Six months have passed since we had arrived here. Bunty has fallen in love with his new school and made lots of friends already. Yet I remained forlorn and exhausted each day... from the moment my alarm clock rang and I had to get him ready for school, I knew there was nothing to look forward to anymore. I simply had to keep performing certain mechanical steps like a robot. It was as if all my feelings and emotions have died within me.

What was missing in my life?

The lack of something new, something exciting... something to spice up our relationship and keep me energetic and happy. It wasn't so easy as it sounded.

Something sexual, wasn't it?

We hardly interacted every day, let alone make love to each other. Ever since our son was born, the sex has subsided, or rather, has been subdued. Where was the time? Rahul would come home late every night, have dinner, surf some television channels and then doze off. The weekends too passed in a jiffy, and he was left with practically no energy to take us out somewhere, after yet another hectic week. Bunty also missed his Daddy a lot.

Ok, so I have become sexually frustrated. I have been pining and longing for it, but was unable to satiate my horny instincts. That was it, wasn't it?

So what was the solution? Hook up with another guy and start an affair on the sly? Ha Ha! That rhymed. I gave a wry chuckle.

Was it due to this exasperating deprivation that I wasn't annoyed when that helper leered at my boobs?

Was I so thirsty for another man's touch?

What has happened to me?

Committing adultery was always an easy way out; but if every married individual behaved in this way, then where would this society end up one fine day? After all, we were not animals!

I laughed aloud at the crazy musings in my mind. Deciding to make a cup of tea for myself, I went to the kitchen. A slight drizzle has begun a few minutes back.

The kitchen window fell right over the front door of the adjacent quarters. A young couple lived downstairs on rent, with the landlord residing on the floor above. The husband was an engineer, who worked in the same factory whose site manager was my Rahul. Rahul always got transferred to these factory sites, one after the other.

The wife was Sheetal, a pretty young girl, happily adored by her doting hubby, Jai. Sheetal and I have become pals over the past few weeks, after our husbands went to toil in the same premises. She loved telling me her pre-nuptial and post-nuptial tales, often blushing crimson, and also liked the fact that she could get her husband back early in the evening. Jai was very junior compared to my husband's experience, so he didn't have to handle all that managerial work pressure.

Jai used to go jogging in the mornings, and I expected to see him venture out in his track pants any moment now. He always saw me sipping on my tea and greeting him. Would he stay indoors, today being such an awful rainy day?

He did come out, but instead of going past the window, came over and knocked on the kitchen door, seeing me in my usual pose. There was a bowl in his hands... Ah! I remembered. I had prepared some custard for the lovebirds and sent it over. He was returning it on his way to his jogging.

"Morning Jai!" I said cheerfully, welcoming him in. At that exact moment, the downpour was unleashed in full force, with great stormy winds banging on the closed window. I looked at the clock, it was half past six. Good! Bunty would be in school by now.

My next door neighbor handed me the bowl, smilingly, though his face quickly looked troubled because of the sudden and torrential rain. "Don't worry," I assured him. "It will soon clear up. Come, stay here for a while, and have a cup of tea with me." He nodded politely.

We stood silently for a while, drinking tea and watching the rain outside. I took the initiative to start talking on a subject, and he soon opened up, speaking about his growing up years, his job and finally his marriage. Occasionally, I kept glancing at his handsome face, his muscular physique and tall frame. Sheetal was crazy about him, and I could see why. 

He was decent enough to inquire about me... he said he understood that it could get painstakingly boring for housewives in this colony after their husbands departed for their daily work. "But thank God, you've got Bunty. Sheetal also enjoys spending time here with you two. Really, a child makes a marriage complete." He heaved a sigh, and then looked embarrassed, as if he has said something inappropriate. I assured him that it was fine.

His phone buzzed, it was his wife calling. "I'm just next door, chatting with Mrs Kumar... see you in a little while. No, you don't need to come over with an umbrella." He smiled. "Normally, I'm back home by now. She was wondering where I got stranded in this heavy rain." 

Another brief period of quietness followed. "So Jai, you love babies? You are trying for one?" I asked, conversationally.

"Yeah... Sheetal is more persuasive. You know, she won't leave me alone even for a moment. Initially, I was so scared of marriage and all these things. But she is the best thing that's ever happened to me—"...his voice broke off, his eyes happy in a dream like trance.

"How do you do it? How do you keep her happy so much?" I asked innocently, not looking at him.

"Er... what?"

"How do you do those things to her?"

The atmosphere has changed considerably. Jai's face looked flushed, and he was utterly nonplussed with my direct questioning. "What things? The s-s-sex?" he fumbled terribly on the last word.

"Or shall I say, the fuck?" I was enjoying myself so much.

"The f-fuck?"

"Yes... show me."

"Show you?"

"Yes. Right now. Right here."

It was a bit dark inside the kitchen, with the sky still grey and growling outside. And the rain was never ceasing. I could still make out Jai's face in front of me. His eyes were blazing, his hands trembling. My mind was racing over what I just proposed... and I was ready to submit myself to him, savor the pleasures of the flesh which I had long forgotten... so I stood there, ready to burn myself in the heat of the moment. If he was unyielding, I could seduce and lure him. Sheetal's chattering was ringing in my ears. I craved for a piece of her guy.

Creeping forward, I placed a hand on Jai's chest and whispered, "She's not going to know. And I'm not telling my husband. This is not cheating, Jai. Just know this... you are doing me a great service. Please don't feel guilty and no need to worry. I want it for my own need, and that's the end of it. I mean it. I will never blackmail you or anything."

We kept looking at each other, our hearts thumping furiously. Our spouses, in separate rooms, remaining absolutely ignorant of this new development... while I was leading a bewildered husband along the dark path of betrayal. I was practically destroying two marriages. Why was I doing this to me and him? Could I survive my guilty conscience attack later on?

The shower kept pouring and pouring... multiple claps of lightning followed by deep grumbles of thunder...

We were so, so close...

And then he brought his mouth closer...

But he withdrew at the last moment!

I noticed a glint of malice in his eyes.

Again, he drew in close. I closed my eyes, eagerly anticipating the feel of his lips upon mine.

And yet again, he removed his lips at the perfect moment.

Jai was clearly teasing me, upping my anguish and carnal hunger with each passing moment. Was he measuring the heat of the passion between the two of us?

In the third attempt, he gripped me in a tight embrace, my breasts crushing against his lean chest. And how deeply he kissed! I was almost floored by his ferocity and aggression.

He kept his lips glued to mine, locking them with a lusty forcefulness, and then artfully maneuvering and coaxing them with his crafty manipulations. It was as if he was guiding his lips to waltz and drift with mine, in an ecstatic tandem, reminding me how helplessly parched and neglected my pout had remained; I clung to him desperately and breathlessly, as he continued to suckle and caress my lips like having a pleasant and hearty breakfast early in the morning.

My lower lip was mercilessly pulled and tugged, causing me to emit stifled gasps and moans. The alluring fire has entered our bodies, drowning us and devouring us in a quicksand-like fashion and I was determined to go with the flow. All the way...

My sari was getting disheveled, my hair unruly and messy... but I wasn't paying attention. I was so lost in a captivating whirlpool of sexual euphoria that I couldn't guess how our tongues have started their sinful activities inside our mouths. Perhaps it was a natural thing... my tongue was entwined together with that wet and wicked one of his, and as he explored and dug further inside, I almost ended up choking. I slipped my tongue out in the open, the saliva dripping down its tip... he took it in his mouth and kept sucking on it, thereby creating a dirty mess of drool all over our chins and lips. We engaged in a momentary round of open mouthed tongue kisses, where we just slurped along and washed each other's slippery tongues... ending in another session of torrid liplocking and French kissing.

I was panting shamelessly, like a bitch in scorching heat, and turned on to my maximum capacity. The principal cause was owing to the fact that Jai has wasted no time in removing my sari out of my petticoat and lecherously scanning my sweaty assets, with his mouth half open.

Then he placed his hands over my bosom and began unhooking my blouse. Even with the slightest touch of his scheming fingers, I whimpered and swayed feverishly. The mischievous man felt my hardened nipples through the cloth of my scanty blouse, tantalizing me furthermore. "Sheetal loves that too." He grinned and got rid of it. I was on the verge of releasing a gush of my suppressed juices.

He smacked his lips seeing my brassiere and the curvaceous folds of skin along my bare and voluptuous waist. "She doesn't wear bra and panties at home. It makes the job all the more easier. And fast." He muttered under his breath. I imagined him pulling up Sheetal's nightgown, cajoling her naked butt cheeks, putting his face between them and then fuck her in the ass. And Sheetal moaning... "Aaahhhhhhhhh!!"

"Turn around" he ordered softly.

And then his finger was at play again... drawing a line from my neck downwards along my shivering back, briefly stopping to unclasp my bra and letting it fall. He also took this opportunity to bite my earlobes and lick them with the tip of his tongue. Then, without giving me a moment's respite from that sexy foreplay, his hands reached from the back and cupped my mounds, his playful fingers feeling, twisting and lengthening the already stiffened nipples. How hot and erotic it felt!! I could sense his erect rod poking on my left buttock while he continued that sensual torture, and I could do nothing except beg and wail.

He now turned me over to face him, and kissed me excitedly again. Then he took off his tee and crouched low, his eyes on the same level with my navel. He viewed it and then looked up at me. "Such a deep navel you have... try wearing a waist chain. Sheetal wears one. Only for me. At night." Yes that was understood, otherwise I would have noticed it.

After he stood up, I took his hand and went to the guest room, just beside the kitchen. Jai threw me on the bed and climbed on top of me, flooding me with wet kisses on my mouth and neck. I was pulling him closer to me, my nails clawing on his back... it was just a overwhelming rush of unbridled desires. Illicit. Illegal. Immoral. And so maliciously wanton. 

He mouthed my huge melons, licking and fondling them while grunting loud cries of satisfaction. His salivated tongue tickled my nipple tips and he clamped his fat lips over them, trying to swallow them whole and always keeping his free hand on one breast while tonguing and twiddling the other one. He dropped little puddles of drool over my fleshy tits and then fingered along them, dirtying and leaving them aching for more, before dipping his tongue into that deep gorge between the two hillocks. It seemed like he could spend a lifetime molesting and wreaking havoc on my cleavage to his heart's content.

The tongue was like a live serpent, spreading an acrid venom along every inch of my skin, sending innumerable frissons underneath the veins. He was crisscrossing on my open belly, as if drawing a painting with a rollicking relish of a languid paint brush. His hands were still reaching upwards and started tempting my breasts, then very casually he slipped a finger inside my mouth for me to feast on it. As I started sucking it, he stuck his tongue out and began encircling my belly button. He smooched all over it and put his tongue into its depths, prodding and pushing further, before twirling it inside. A glistening pool of saliva settled around my round navel... a delicious sight reflected in Jai's manic eyes. "Ummmmhhhhhhh... Oh God... please...Aaaaahhhhhhhh..." I was choking on his finger as my navel got enticed by his erotic tonguing and kissing. "It tastes wonderful..." he remarked, pausing for a while. My stomach rippled in perfect harmony with his sizzling navel play. Then he drew a line with his tongue from my navel downwards and blew on it, before untying my petticoat strings and leaving me exposed in my drenched panties.

The man got out of his track pants too... the penis was horrifyingly long.

My underwear was discarded too... but not before he inhaled it deeply. 

We were both nude.

I was writhing and squirming in agony, he was busy making love to my legs. The man knew a lot of tricks, I realized, when he started sucking on and biting my toes. It was so invigorating and felt so good, and I loved it even more when he opened my legs wide. Wider. Widest. And smirked after seeing my soaked clit.

The tongue slithered up the moist vagina and he lapped up the juices while I shrieked out in deafening spasms. He put his lips there and tongue fucked my sex, his stubble scratching my most erogenous zone, before getting up and putting a load of my honey into my own mouth. One of his hands was still fingering my sex, while he was wildly eating my face. The faster he fingered, the more I doubled up and started collapsing. And the more I opened my mouth to sob and wail, it gave him all the more easy access to put his tongue inside. Such a devil!

He then made me sit on all fours while flicking his tongue over my entire glorious back and then ravaging my petite buttocks. Finding my anal hole, he inserted his length into it and started the rhythmic in and out, holding my waist. My boobs juggled freely, my bruised mouth was hoarsely screaming out his name as he pummeled more and more into me, sometimes grasping fistfuls of my hair while we both engulfed ourselves in a plethora of absolute penetration. When we dropped dead on one another at the end of it, I was exhausted beyond words... thick and sticky, filthy and slimy stains of semen, saliva and sweat were all that remained after the frenzied crescendo.

After a pause, I put his still erect penis deep inside my mouth and sucked on it like a newborn, while stroking his massive balls simultaneously. I rubbed his rod in between my breasts and he cummed soon after, leaving a trail of his shining output all over my belly. The thunderstorm kept wailing outside for what seemed like an eternity, and we finished our romp with a sealing kiss and lay clumsily on the bed, legs and hands all entangled... 
