 Welcome back to my quasi memoir. Only the embellished parts have been embellished, and the names have been changed to protect the innocent. And the guilty too for that matter. You might want to read the first six chapters to find out how I got here. I'm not prone to filling in the blanks. A couple of people have asked why guys weren't coming by the club to flirt with me anymore and since you are curious I figured you deserved an explanation. Some did, but most stopped after a while. I suppose its because they never got anywhere with me and got tired of being shot down. Also, even though no one knew of our romance, Brent is pretty intimidating as a big brother, and if someone hung around too much he always dropped off the life guard stand to stop by to check on me. For folks that wondered why I don't mention the girls that were flirting with Brent, they weren't getting anywhere either, so I stopped worrying about them. One person wrote to know what sort of pool only had one life guard. Well, none I know of. The club had several, but they aren't important to the story and I am probably too wordy already. Hope that helps. 

Also, if you want to skip ahead to the nasty parts, start with the first sentence. 




I woke up on the verge of orgasm. Brent's fingers were gently sliding up and down my wet slit, and massaging my clit masterfully. I don't know how long he had been doing this, but it was clear that as I slept my body reacted to his loving attention and I was about to cum. I opened my eyes and looked up to see him smiling down at me.

"Good morning sweetie" he smiled.

"Uuuuugggggeeeerrrrraaaaaapppppgggghhhhhh" I replied, unable at the moment to form thoughts, much less words. He beamed his perfect teeth at me, happy at my pleasure. In just a few moments more, I came on his hand, my juices felt like they spurted out of me as I groaned and bucked my hips through my climax. Damn I loved this man.

I had known Brent for two years. We met when I moved into the Anderson's home as their foster daughter. At the time, Brent was their foster son, but unlike me they were able to adopt him. Although the same age, he was a year ahead of me in school, thanks to my biological mother's incompetence at raising children. What I thought had been two years of sibling friendliness, for lack of a better word, had been Brent trying to express his affections for me. Although he was always dear to me, and had been my best friend since we met, I had always considered him to be more like my brother than anything else. Two days ago, in a moment that must have taken him great courage, he corrected my perception of him, and of our relationship. Ever since we had spent every waking, and sleeping, moment together. We worked together at the local country club by the pool, he as a lifeguard and I running the concessions stand and our evenings, and mornings, we spent finding new ways to pleasure each other. Tuesday he had awoken just in time to cum in my mouth, and yesterday, after a painful misunderstanding we had made love on the bar in the kitchen where just over a year ago he had helped me with my homework every night. Today it was my turn to cum awake apparently, and I couldn't complain. 

In fact I couldn't' complain mainly because it was difficult to catch my breath as each subsiding orgasm brought forth another. He slide two fingers into my drenched fuck hole and deftly found the G spot we had discovered within me the night before, and I went from an 18 year old girl having a major orgasm to a 5'11, 36C –34-38 auburn haired skin bag of carnality. I writhed and moaned, almost hyperventilating as I came again and again. I felt like I was losing my mind as Brent fingered me, my hot juices dripping both down his hand and my ass to the bed. I could no longer control my body as I first thrashed about one way, then the other as my pelvis bucked up and down engulfing his loving touch. I came so hard I could barely breath and just as I thought I might black out he withdrew mercifully, and gently rubbed my clit and lips as I came down from ecstasy and regained my senses.

"What brought that on?" I asked once my breathing returned to normal. 

Brent just smiled. "I just wanted you to be happy"

I looked at the clock and it was a few minutes before seven, we had a couple hours before we had to be at work, and as my period was due to start in the next day or so, every possible moment of intimacy was important and meant to be shared with Brent. Not that our relationship was purely sexual, but it was clear we were releasing two years of repressed feelings for one another, and I didn't want it to stop. I know some folks are okay with sex during that time, but to me it just seemed messy and a bit too personal. I noticed Brent's eyes had left mine and he was moving his eyes up and down my naked body. Three days ago if anyone had done that I would have surely been driven into a panic attack or even psychological break down, but I was so comfortable with Brent it didn't really make me even self conscious. I reached over and rubbed his cock through the shorts he had slept in, and found it already hard and erect. I stroked it back and forth through the satiny nylon basketball shorts lazily, as if it was as natural as holding hands, as to me, it was. 

As his eyes continued to study my body, and I regained the ability to have a conversation, I decided it was time to ask what he thought about my body.

"Its perfect in every way" was his reply.

Well that's sweet I thought, but not particularly informative. "What's your favorite part?"

"You know that, its your legs. I love your legs. They are so long it amazes me."

"I thought you would say my butt" I giggled, but, after all the attention he had paid it I figured this to be the truthful answer.

"You butt could be the basis for a religious cult. But I'm a leg man" he said and he ran his hand up and down my thigh as if to emphasis the point. 

"So you don't love my pussy" I teased.

"What? Are you crazy? I love your pussy!"

"Yeah, but its not your favorite part of me." I quiped.

"You're silly. You pussy is wonderful. You have the very best pussy ever." he smiled.

"Oh, so you hate my boobies." I giggled.

"Stop! I'm not going to feed your self doubts this morning." he exclaimed, exasperated.

"I knew it! Its my boobies you hate about me!" I laughed as I stopped stroking his meat and pinched a nipple with each hand. "Don't worry girls" I said, looking down at my chest, "I'm sure he didn't mean to hurt your feelings!"

"I don't hate your boobies! Your tits are incredible, you have the cutest nips I've ever seen, and I spent the last year looking at a lot of internet porn!"

"Well, don't tell me, tell them. You better kiss them and apologize and tell them you love them." I smiled as I tugged his shorts down, exposing his engorged penis.

"Honey, we have to jump in the shower and get ready for work" he said, but dutifully leaned over and gently suckled each nipple between his moist lips.

"We have time for a quick one." I replied with a devilish smile, "and you can just jump in the pool when we get there anyway."

"Yeah but what about you?" he asked, his voice starting to have difficulty as my soft hand stroked his raging hard dick.

"I'll just skip the shower and your cum can run down my legs all day. You love my legs don't you?" This made no sense to me even as I said it, but when you're worked up you don't have to necessarily make sense.

"I would never want you to do that." he replied, knowing I wasn't serious.

"Okay, you can pull out and cum in my mouth like they do in movies" Actually, I wondered why he hadn't done this already since it was such a common occurrence on the internet, but I was still learning that the things I had seen there didn't necessarily happen often in reality. 

He climbed onto the bed and lay between my legs, about to enter me, and asked "Really? You would be okay with that?"

"Sure, I love your cum! And besides, " was all I got out as he slide his cock into me, making me gasp as he filled me to my limits."ahhhhh uuuuuuhhh besides, I might as well get used to it, we're about to start blow job week." His stroke made more conversation pointless, other than me shouting "Fuck me!" and "Oh shit I love your cock fuck me fuck fuck fuck" and the like. Truthfully, I was not going as strongly as I had previously, I think waking up to Brent fingering me to orgasm had sated me, and while the feeling of his fucking my tight cunt was the absolute height of pleasure, I wasn't out of my mind with lust as I had been with him on previous occasions. Now, it wasn't like I was thinking of painting the bedroom or doing laundry, but it felt to me like a very much ordinary, every day kind of fucking meant to just satisfy physical urges, share some time intimately and not be some infinitely large symbol of our enduring love. 

And I loved that. 

See, Brent had told me something about myself the night before that my previous 18 years had not taught me yet. I very much like normal. And a normal every day fuck, was me giving myself to the man I loved for his pleasure. Oh, I got a lot out of it too mind you, and I now know that I am one of the minority of women that can orgasm from intercourse alone, but this time, it was about his pleasure. Before it had been about mine, or me giving him my virginity, and I was lost in carnality then, unable to control my spasming, contorting, contracting body. 

This time, I got to control fucking Brent back, and I attacked the task with zeal. I raked my fingernails gently across his back and kissed him, while I fucked my pelvis up in rhythm to his cock entering and exiting me. I ran my hands down to his butt, and squeezed him gently between my thighs. But the main thing I did was control my vaginal muscles to squeeze and milk his cock, while whispering to him how much I loved him, and how much I wanted to please him. I begged him to cum and talked nasty to him, telling him craved his "hot cock juice" in me, and asking him to "please please fuck my pussy!"

Brent responded quickly and came fast, pumping his baby batter into me. I did cum at the end, just a small pleasant orgasm that made me cry out my love for Brent, like an exclamation point at the end of a sentence, but mainly my happiness was in serving my man and know we loved each other! The feminist in me must have been on vacation at that time, but it was important to me to show myself my willingness to love.

Brent collapsed on me telling me how much he loved me and needed me. I was for once the one of more rational thought, and my thoughts were how much I needed him too. Three days earlier, he was my brother and best friend. Now, he was my boyfriend and the man I wanted to spend my life with.

"Wait" I thought, "Where the hell did that come from?" Brent had talked about us in 30 years last night, and I truly never wanted to lose him, but I knew most relationships fail. Why was I now having thoughts to commit to forever with a guy who was my boyfriend for three days? Of course Brent said he had loved me the whole two years, and I had him too, but not in a way that would have made it feel right to see each other naked while saying "Hey! Lets put that in here" or "Ooooo, I wonder what this tastes like."

Crap, I was beginning to sound like a character on the WB. Fuck it. I love the guy and that's the end of it.

"What you thinking about?" Brent asked, his voice soft and loving.

"Just how much I love you" I answered truthfully. "What are you thinking about?"

He sat up and had a smirk on his face. "I was wondering what you meant by "Blow job week"?"

We both laughed at this. "Well, you know I'm about to start, and if we were to do anything down there it would be pretty messy and gross. So that's a no no."

"And I get blow jobs for a week?" he smiled.

"Well, unless you make me mad. Oh, and I'll be emotional and get mad easy. So you might want to keep chocolate handy at all times." I laughed.

"Is it really that bad?" he asked seriously.

"Well for some girls it can be but mine's never been too terrible. A few cramps at first, then a lot of bleeding, but that tapers off in a couple of days and I.... do you really want to know this?" I asked seriously. 

"I want to know everything about you." he replied. 

"Hmmmm, I don't know what else to tell you. I mean, its kind of gross to talk about."

"How soon after you stop the pill does it start?"

"Well sometimes it takes a day or two, but I'm usually pretty prompt. You can expect me to be grumpy this evening." I smiled.

"So you will know then whether you're pregnant from yesterday morning then?"

"What?"

"Well, you took your last pill yesterday, but it was after we, you know, did it in the kitchen. I was just wondering when you would know."

I fell back on the pillows and sighed. "My boyfriend is a moron."

"I'm sorry, I've just been worried about that. I don't know about birth control and all that."

"I'm curious" I said, lifting myself up on one elbow and turning my head towards him, "since clearly you slept through health class did you give the teacher sexual favors or drugs in order to pass?"

"No, I just thought that you had to take it before you had sex."

"I took it the day before, and the day before that, and so on. It's 99 point something percent effective. Its just important that you take it at the same time everyday."

"Then why don't you just take more to avoid... you know" he asked.

"Because, "

"Because why?"

"Because it tells my body that I'm already pregnant so I won't get more pregnant and I can't be pregnant all the time. So five days a month you take a placebo that has no hormones in it, and you have your period then the cycle starts over."

"Oh. I think I understand." Brent said, but it was clear he didn't. 

"I need to jump in the shower honey, and its too early for health class. Just trust me, Okay?" I sat up and got out of bed, walking to the bathroom naked, completely comfortable in front of Brent. 

"But what if you were pregnant?" he asked

"Then we'd have to get married sooner and have a baby. It would be a horrible scandal that would rock the foundation of the community. And if its a boy I would want to name him after you." I quipped, as I turned my head to see him looking not at my eyes, but half way down my body. "And stop staring at my ass!" I grinned.

I had shampooed my hair, shaved my legs, pubs and pits, which doesn't take long as I have them all waxed regularly, and soaped up all over when I heard the door open. Brent stepped into the shower and without a word kissed me. I had no horny left though, and as it turned out, neither did he. It was fun soaping him up and washing him as he did the same for me, and my shower took at least twice as long as normal. His cock almost came back to life as I slathered body wash all over it, but it went flaccid again when rinsed. Still, making out in the shower was a new and pleasurable experience. 

As I turned the water off and stepped out to towel myself dry, Brent asked "Did you mean that?

"Did I mean what?"

"About getting married and having a baby?"

How does one answer this? Truthfully, yes I did mean it, but I didn't necessarily want it. I would rather see if we can stand each other in a few years, after we finish college and get started in the world. But yes, if I were pregnant I would want to have the baby, and I would want to raise it in a home with a father and a mother, something I was denied as a child.

"Yes, but I don't want to get pregnant right now. Look you seem obsessed about our future, and I think its the same reason I am. In the past we didn't have families, and family is important to us. Its probably more important to you and I than to most people that we find the right person and stay with them forever. And I know you say you've loved me for two years now, since we met, but this is new to me. I never realized my feelings until you made me Monday night and I'm getting adjusted nicely, but I'm still adjusting, I've never had a boyfriend, much less a...." I paused for not having a word for what Brent was to me, and stared for a second before getting my train of thoughts back on track. "I think we will be one of the couples that beats the odds, but realistically its crazy for us to plan our future together beyond a few months at this time. So here's the deal. We agree that we will try being a couple for the summer, we still have to keep it on the low down for Allison and Ron's sake, and we don't worry beyond the summer. We can dream about the future, and in our imaginations think of where we want to be down the road, but we aren't going to live under that kind of pressure to decide this summer. And I promise you Brent, that before we leave for school we will have a sit down, just me and you, and we will decide then what we are going to be through the next year until we get back from college. Okay?"

"I like day dreaming about us though." he said.

"Brent! I do too! But I don't want to worry so much about deciding our future that we forget to be happy with each other today. You are the best thing that's ever happened to me, and I'm pretty sure the best thing that ever will, but right now, I just want to enjoy every minute with you and not worry. Oh, and I'm about to get all cranky and emotional and if we keep talking about being happy 30 years from now instead of being happy now!."

He finally agreed to my terms. Why are guys so stubborn? Just give us what we want and we won't have to argue about it.

Work passed without incident that day, it was cloudy and most of the housewives stayed home to play bridge, or darn socks or whatever they do when they aren't half naked by the pool ignoring their children swimming while staring at my boyfriend. Their semi drunk husbands were out in force but with no excuse to go by the pool they had no reason to drop by the concession stand and offer unsolicited college advice to my boobies. Mostly we spent the day having a long text conversation about college and my potential majors. I was thinking of either being a history teacher (my best class) or English teacher (as I liked to write), but Brent suggested that I look into his major of accounting. I also thought about social work so I could help other kids that had grown up in my situation. Brent said he considered that too, but that he decided against it as he would want to take them all home and the sorrow factor was just too high. I felt much the same way and decided to approach any career involving social work with great caution. 

Brent knew about my mother, but I knew little about his biological parents. He was quite shy in talking about them. I did know his father had been killed in the military, but in an accident after the war rather than in the actual fighting. His father was Hispanic, not that that matters, but from him he got his jet black hair and perennially tan skin. I had seen a picture of his mother holding him as a baby and she was a classic Nordic blonde in appearance, which must be where he got his steely blue eyes. She had some kind of severe break down and was hospitalized, somewhere along the way surrendering her rights to Brent. His ripped, muscular body he got from constantly working out, something both of us had gotten away from this week. Still, I figured our nocturnal, as well as waking, activities had burned off more calories that we had consumed. Well for him at least, I'm not sure how many calories are in an orgasm worth of his semen, but I had swallowed or otherwise ingested a lot of that this week!

Late in the afternoon I felt a few little cramps, and by the time we got home it was time to welcome Aunt Flo for her monthly visit. Brent cooked a scrumptious dinner of steak and baked potatoes and we at at the dining room table like normal people. I had hoped to get some laundry done but instead decided to put on my pj's and curl up on the couch under an afghan eating chocolate Haagen-Dazs. After he had cleaned up the kitchen and done the dishes (Yay!) as well as washed my linens,(Yay again!) made my bed and done a load of laundry I trusted him not to fuck up, he joined me on the couch. I snuggled beside him and rested my head on his shoulder, pulled the afghan over me again and thanked him for the house work. 
