  This is a continuation of a previous story. While it isn't absolutely necessary, reading the proceeding work will give a better understanding of the relationship between some of the characters. It is titled "Hidden Pleasures" and can be found in my profile.

Thank you for reading this and I hope you enjoy it. Any feedback is welcome.

*****

Jennifer completed the last few steps to the eighth floor slightly out of breath. Her busy schedule didn't allow much time for exercise so she'd been climbing the stairs to help keep her legs and ass firm. Her daily lunchtime routine had been interrupted by a recent trip to France and it felt good to get back on track.

Jennifer turned left at the top of the stairs and headed down the hall toward the woman's washroom to freshen up. Just as she reached for the door handle, Mary, a co-worker of hers came barging out nearly knocking her over. She was talking loudly into her mobile phone and only paused for a moment to wave an apology to Jennifer before she was off, her high heels clicking on the tile floor as she rushed down the hall. Mary was always working on the next big deal, apparently even in the washroom.

In contrast to the other woman, Jennifer's expensive running shoes barely made a sound as she slipped through the closing door.

Jennifer walked silently across the washroom floor to check herself in the large mirror. A minute later she tucked a strand of stray hair behind her ear, satisfied that she didn't look as though she had been climbing stairs for the past 20 minutes. She was just about to turn away when she heard a voice from one of the stalls behind her.

"OMG," a woman said before laughing quietly. "I can't believe I almost got caught."

Jennifer took one step towards the door when she heard the woman in the stall again.

"I know," she said in a hushed tone, "and I was just about to cum."

Jennifer froze mid stride, turning her gaze toward the mirror again, searching for the source of the voice.

"That woman ruined it bursting in here. She was yakking on her phone so loudly she probably wouldn't have heard me anyway."

Jennifer spied a pair of black and red high heeled shoes in the second stall from the end.

"Oh, don't worry baby, it won't take me long this time," the voice said.

At first Jennifer was confused, but she quickly realized the woman in the stall must be talking to someone on her own phone.

"In fact, I think the close call turned me on even more," she continued. "I wish you could see how wet my pussy is."

Jennifer felt slightly embarrassed eavesdropping on this woman's erotic conversation, but strained to hear it nonetheless. She knew it was wrong, but when the voice moaned softly, Jennifer's heart fluttered and she held her breath lest she be discovered.

"Oohhhh baby, it's so wet," she purred.

"One finger?" she asked. "I think I need two. Ahhhhh yeah, that's better."

Jennifer could hear a faint squishy sound now, that she could only guess was from the woman finger fucking herself.

"Oh God, that's good baby," the voice said, a little louder than before.

As much as she knew she should leave this woman in peace, Jennifer's feet were riveted to the floor. With her eyes half closed, she listened carefully and moaned softly as she pictured the woman sliding two fingers in and out of her sloppy hole.

"What was that?" the woman asked. "I don't know, let me see."

The squishy sounds stopped and Jennifer thought for a moment that she had been found out. She started to panic, unsure whether to bolt for the door or try to think of some explanation why she was standing there when the voice said, "Mmmmm. Does that turn you on, to know that I'm tasting my own pussy, licking the juices from my fingers?" she asked. "I thought so," she continued, "but you'll have to wait till tonight when I'm fucking your mouth."

Jennifer's thoughts wandered as she conceived of her recent trip to Paris. The amazingly erotic party she had attended following a cryptic invitation, and how she had spent quite some time grinding herself to an orgasm unlike anything she had ever experienced on the skilled mouth of a beautiful woman named Eve. That had been Jennifer's first time with another woman. While she was hesitant at first, Eve's tongue and lips had her literally begging for release. Jennifer remembered looking down into those dark eyes, pleading for the gorgeous woman she had only met a short while earlier to make her cum.

Jennifer snapped out of her daydream to find herself breathing quickly, her upper lip and forehead damp with perspiration. As the mystery woman moaned again, Jennifer felt a tingle travel from her stiffening nipples down through her belly, ending between her legs.

The sounds coming from the stall were increasing.

"Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh baby, that's it. Yeah suck my clit, " she said.

Jennifer's right hand had found its way to the crotch of her pants and was making slow circles over her own mound. Listening to this woman masturbate had excited her so much she couldn't resist.

"Ohhhh my God! I'm so close baby," she moaned. "Just a little more."

Jennifer increased the speed and pressure of her hand, trying to time her imminent orgasm just right.

"Ohh ohh, yeah Just...a...little..."

Jennifer was close now too and silently urged on her unknown partner. 'Come on sweetheart, rub that clit, rub it!'

As if her thoughts were heard the woman responded.

"Yes! Yes! Oohhhh yes!! Ohhh...I'm cumming baby! I'm cummiinnnggg!!

The moaning voice sent Jennifer over the edge and she came hard, her fingers pressed against her throbbing sex. Lights danced in front of her eyes as she clamped them shut and tried to stifle the sounds wanting to escape her throat.

It took Jennifer a moment to collect herself and unfortunately she couldn't savour the moment because she knew she had to leave the room as soon as possible. As quietly as she could, Jennifer opened the door and slipped into the hall on shaky legs. Luckily no one was around to see her making her way down the corridor. She reached her office and closing the door behind her, collapsed onto the couch exhausted, a wicked smile on her lips.

The rest of Jennifer's day was a complete waste of time. No matter how hard she tried to concentrate on the pile of papers on her desk, her thoughts returned to the mystery woman. Jennifer desperately wanted to know who she was. She didn't recognize the voice, but bathrooms were not known for their great acoustics. The only thing Jennifer had to go on were the shoes.

Jennifer made her mind up. She put her pen down, pushed her chair back and stood up to go in search of those shoes. As Jennifer crossed her office to the door, she realized just how wet her panties still were from earlier, and slipped one finger quickly between her legs.

"Mmmmm," she moaned, as she set out for the hunt.

As luck would have it, Jennifer couldn't find the woman in the black and red heels anywhere. She wandered around the office making up excuses to talk to her co-workers, always on the look out.

Jennifer went home that evening, frustrated and no closer to finding the identity of her masturbation partner.

The rest of the week was the same. She did her work and climbed the stairs at lunch. She even checked the bathroom every day, but came up empty.

Jennifer couldn't explain why she was so obsessed with discovering who this woman was.

Friday afternoon Jennifer had to leave early to meet a group interested in one of the firm's properties. She grabbed her purse, laptop and coat and headed for the elevator. She stared absently at her reflection in the shiny elevator doors and hummed a song she'd had stuck in her head the past few days as she waited.

The elevator arrived and the doors opened and Jennifer waited while three people got off on her floor. Not paying them much attention as they exited, she stepped on. As she turned to press the button for the lobby her eyes glanced down to discover black and red heels on the last passenger.

'It's her!' Jennifer thought. Quickly looking up, the only thing she saw before the doors closed was long red hair. It wasn't that bright dyed red, simply beautiful, natural red hair. Jennifer punched the open button frantically, but the car was already heading toward the ground.

At least she had something other that shoes to help in the search now.

'How many redheads can there be?' she thought.

As the elevator doors opened and Jennifer stepped into the lobby, she smiled and whispered, "Soon."

The meeting with the investors went well and Jennifer ended the week on a high note. She drove home to her apartment, thinking of red hair.

Jennifer thought she needed a name for the mystery woman. 'The woman from the bathroom,' or 'The redhead,' just didn't cut it. Until Jennifer learned her real name she had to call her something else.

"What will I call you?" Jennifer asked out loud. She thought about it while waiting for a red light.

"Jill!" she exclaimed. "I'll call you Jill. It's perfect." Jennifer smiled at her cleverness. Jill was indeed a very good name for this redheaded woman. 'Jill' was short for 'jilling,' a slang term for female masturbation. The light turned green and she drove off.

Traffic was heavy, but it didn't bother her, she was in a good mood. Once she finally got in the door of her apartment she dropped her purse and coat over a chair and headed for the kitchen. Jennifer grabbed a bottle of wine from the fridge and poured herself a large glass before heading to the living room. She pushed a button on the wall for the radio, then plopped down on the sofa, kicking her shoes off, letting them fall where they might. Jennifer leaned back, sighed, and thought of Jill.

Jennifer loved men. She loved how they looked, how they smelled, and especially how they fucked. She loved a good hard cock, whether it was in her mouth or buried deep in her pussy. Jennifer didn't jump into bed with every man she met though. She was quite choosy about who she was intimate with, usually having to date several times before things got sexual. In fact, she had only had sex twice in the last four months. One guy she met through some mutual friends. He was nice, but it didn't work out. The other, more recent one was Will, Jennifer's co-worker.

'Ah, Will.' she thought. He was the one behind the cryptic invitation to the party in Paris, the host for what turned out to be an eye opening experience for her, to say the least. It had been a night filled with unimaginable pleasure.

But as Jennifer sipped her second glass of wine, she kept playing that scene from work over and over in her mind. The passion in that voice, the squishy sound of fingers plunging in and out. These thoughts soon had Jennifer feeling far too hot for her clothing. Setting her nearly empty glass on a nearby table, she stood, unzipped her skirt and let it fall to the floor. Her light blue blouse was next. Jennifer reached behind her to undo her lacy bra. It felt good to be out of it and both were tossed on the sofa as she walked toward the kitchen.

The cool tile floor in the kitchen felt good on the soles of her bare feet. Yanking open the fridge door, she grabbed the bottle of wine and spun around, closing it with her hip. Jennifer took a quick drink from the bottle, then pressed the cold glass against her body.

"Oh!" She jumped from the shock, but continued moving the bottle slowly across her skin, over her stomach and breasts, pausing at each nipple until they stood away from her chest, stiff and hard.

Jennifer could see her reflection in the hallway mirror. She looked at her breasts, cupping the left one in her hand. They were on the small side, but they fit her body just right and in certain clothes she could go without a bra. She gazed at herself as she took her left nipple between her thumb and finger and pinched, hard. She gasped as a shock went straight to her pussy that continued to tingle long after she released her grasp.

She strolled to the large windows on the far side of the room, her hips swaying to the beat of the music, the bottle at her side. Her apartment was dark and she had a clear view of the city. Jennifer gazed out at the night skyline and raised the bottle to her lips.

"Where are you Jill?" she asked as her fingers lazily traced the outline of her pussy through the soft material of her panties. She sipped her wine, slowly stroking her fingers back and forth as she stared through the glass.

Jennifer turned her head from the window a few minutes later to look at the bottle in her hand. Perhaps it was the wine, or the fact that she was horny as hell, but the long neck, the bulb at the end, reminded her of a hard cock. She raised the bottle to her mouth, her tongue circling the end before pushing it in. Jennifer licked and sucked the bottle like it was a real cock while her hand slipped past the waistband of her panties. Over the soft triangle of hair, her fingers moved. Down past her throbbing clit and between her smooth wet lips, they continued on until reaching their goal and slid deep into her hole.

"Ahhhhhh..."

Jennifer's fingers moved in and out while her mouth worked the bottle. Above her soft moans she could hear a faint squishy sound. Instantly, the thought of Jill made her redouble her efforts, the sound increasing. Her panties were too restrictive so she set the bottle down and with her thumbs, slid them to the floor. The soaked crotch stuck to her for a moment, then came free, a long, thick string of her juice trailing behind.

Jennifer grabbed the bottle again, but instead of her mouth, her wet pussy was the target. She didn't ease it in either, but rather sank as much as possible into herself in one motion.

"Ohhh God, that's good!"

Sliding it almost out she paused before plunging it back in. Over and over the bottle moved in and out of her.

"Yes, that's it...fuck me!"

Wine was sloshing from the bottle with her thrusts, splashing up inside her already drenched pussy.

"Unh," she moaned with each thrust, "Unh...Unh...Unh."

Jennifer leaned her forehead against the cool glass of the window, her dark hair hanging in her face as she continued to fuck the bottle faster.

"Oh...Oh...Oohhh yaaa," she moaned. "Fuck me Will! Fuck my dirty little cunt!"

Jennifer's hand was moving at a feverish pace, her orgasm quickly building.

"Yes...Yes...Yes...Ooohhh a little more. Oh yes, oooohhhh FUCK!!"

Jennifer shook as she climaxed, the bottle pushed deep inside.

When she finally caught her breath, she slid the bottle from her swollen pussy and took one last drink, savouring the mixture of wine and cum on her lips and down her throat.

Jennifer was exhausted but made her way to the master suite where she collapsed naked on the king sized bed and was soon sound asleep.

Jennifer woke the following morning with a throbbing in her head and between her legs. Apparently she had been a bit rough with the bottle. She got up, stretched and grabbed her robe from a hook.

She collected the discarded clothing and empty wine bottle, the neck of it covered in her dried cum.

Jennifer looked at the bottle for a moment, 'no, still too tender,' she thought. The clothes were placed in the laundry hamper, the bottle in the recycling. That would give the bin man something to think about.

She turned on the coffee machine and headed for the shower. She dressed, ate a light breakfast and was off to the local farmer's market.

The remainder of the weekend was spent lounging around. She did best to keep her hand out of her pants but failed miserably.

Monday morning Jennifer was sitting at her desk when Will stuck his head in her open doorway.

"Jennifer," he said. "How are you?"

"Hi Will." she replied. "I'm good thanks. You?"

"Fine, although I'm a bit tired. I only flew in last night."

Jennifer needed to tell someone about her encounter the previous week with Jill. She didn't know Will that well, although she had fucked the hell out of him in Paris, but she had to get it off her chest. They had formed some sort of bond. She certainly didn't love him, but the intimacy they had shared felt natural, something she hoped she would experience again.

"Will, I need to talk to you, have you got a few minutes to spare?"

"Yeah, what's up?"

"Come in and shut the door, I don't want anyone else to hear this."

Will closed the door behind him and took a seat across from Jennifer at her desk.

"Is everything okay?" he asked, a worried expression on his face.

"Oh yes, everything's fine," she reassured him. "Great actually."

"Alright, I'm all ears."

Jennifer told Will in great detail her encounter with Jill the previous week. She left nothing out, she wasn't ashamed of what she had done. She told him of her obsessive search and the discovery that her only real clue was that Jill had red hair. She did, however, leave out the fact that she called out his name while she fucked herself with a wine bottle. Some things are meant to stay private.

When Jennifer was finished her story Will sat back and crossed his legs, probably attempting to conceal the bulge in his pants that didn't go unnoticed, although she never let on.

"With as little as red hair to go on, I believe I can help," he said. "Let me make a call."

Will reached over and started dialling but paused, "Why 'Jill'?" He made air quotes as he said the name.

"Short for jilling, I thought it was appropriate under the circumstances," she answered.

"Clever, very clever." Will finished dialling and waited.

On the third ring someone answered.

"Frank? It's Will Davis," he said.

"Yes, good, but I'm glad to be home."

Jennifer listened to the one sided conversation for a couple minutes with no clue what was going on.

"Listen Frank, I'm here with Jennifer Stokes. Could you send down the Peterson file, we need to go over some things. That's great, thanks Frank."

Will hung up the phone and said, "Now we wait."

"Wait for what? The Peterson file? What has that got to do with finding Jill?" she demanded.

"Just wait and we'll see," he replied. "Frank Evens up in accounting hired a new assistant a while back. I think I remember someone saying she," he emphasized the word she, "has red hair. If I'm right, this is your Jill."

Ten minutes they waited -ten long nerve wracking minutes to Jennifer- before someone knocked on her door.

"Come in," she said.

When the door opened, Jennifer knew instantly that it was her. The hair was the same, but it was the shoes that gave it away.

She was around 5'5" with a slim but not skinny figure. Her breasts were larger than Jennifer's but by how much was hard to tell. Jill's porcelain skin had only a few small freckles here and there, and her beautiful red hair hung down in wavy curls about ten inches past her shoulder. Her most striking feature was her brilliant blue eyes.

Will stood and introduced both he and Jennifer.

"Nice to meet you both, I'm Tess. Tess O'Brien. I have the Peterson file you asked for Mr. Davis," she said, and handed it to him.

"Will is fine," he told her.

"Okay, Will," she said.

She shook his hand first, but hardly gave him a second glance. Will Davis might look a regular average guy, but Tess didn't know about the ten inches of hard fat cock he kept hidden in his pants like Jennifer did. She turned to Jennifer and extended her hand. When their skin touched Jennifer felt flushed and woozy for a moment, and may have held her grasp a little too long before she let go.

There was an uncomfortable pause that Tess broke by saying, "If that's all, I have to get back to work. Again, it was nice to meet you." With that Tess scurried out of the office.

When the door closed, Will started laughing.

"Real smooth," he teased her. "I think you scared her away."

