 Nautynursing begins the story

You go to work early one morning, knowing that it is going to be a busy day for you. You spend most of the morning writing reports, but you manage to take a little time to give me a call to let me know that you are thinking about me.

I ask if you can get away for lunch, but you say, "Sorry baby! I wish we could have lunch together, but I'm so busy that I'm only going to be able to grab a quick bite before I'm stuck having meetings for the rest of the day." 

I'm thinking a "quick bite and getting stuck" and start having a delicious idea. 

"Okay. I know you're busy. Thanks for thinking about me and please don't work too hard. We'll spend some time together another time." 

You say, "I promise I'll make it up to you!" 

We end our conversation because you have so much more work to do. You look at your watch, and realize that you have only a half hour to get something to eat and get back to your office for your next meeting. You run out to get something quick to eat, and come back to your office with just a bottle of water left. You look at the time, sit down in your chair, pull up to your desk and start to straighten out your papers for you have about five minutes until your meeting.

There is a knock on your door, a couple of co-workers appear, saying that they are ready for the meeting but that they are waiting for a few more people to arrive. You all start talking when you suddenly feel two hands start rubbing the top of your thighs. You jump a little in your seat, push your chair back a little, look down and see me looking up at you smiling. Your eyes get big, your heart starts racing for you are shocked to see me, especially under your desk, rubbing your thighs with my hands as you have people in your office about to have meeting. You are thinking quick, wondering what the hell is happening and what you are going to do. I keep rubbing your legs with my hands when you take your right hand and try to push mine away. I take your hand and put your two long middle fingers in my mouth and start sucking on them. You quickly snatch your hand away, and push your chair back under the desk.

You are extremely nervous by now! Wondering what you are going to do. 

You even mention to the group, "We can have this meeting at other time if everyone can't make it!" 

To which a few people in the group say, "No, that's okay, we can start in a few more minutes." 

I can feel the heat start to rise off your legs, and I can't help but laugh inside, wondering how are you going to handle what I'm about to do to you! I continue to rub your massive thighs through your pants, first on top, then I open your legs and start rubbing the inside. I take my fingers and unbuckle your belt. I feel your legs start to tighten up, for you have some idea of what is about to happen next. I unzip your pants and pull out your big beautiful dick. You start shaking your legs up and down, nervous for you are in a position where I'm in total control and you can't do anything! I love when you are powerless before me! (Or under me! Whatever position pleases me at the moment!) 

Anyway, the other members arrive and the meeting starts. You are sitting at your desk, trying to maintain a cool composure, all the time I'm under the desk, rubbing your shaft between my hands giving it long slow strokes. You begin to relax a little and start enjoying the feeling. They are asking you questions and you are finding it hard to concentrate on what they are saying, trying to hurry up and get the meeting to end. I continue to stroke you slow when I decide to add some ranch dressing to my hands to smooth it all over your hard dick. You jump and bang your knee on the desk as I insert the head of your dick into my mouth and start to gently suck on it! 

"Are you alright?" ask one of the officers, "I heard you bang your knee, it must hurt like hell!" 

You say, "Yes, I got a sudden muscle cramp, that's all. I'll be alright!" 

Another officer says, "The best way to get rid of a cramp is to walk it out!" 

You quickly say, "No that's alright! I'm rubbing it! It will be okay!" 

I'm laughing softly to myself wondering what they would think if you did get up and start walking with your dick hard and hanging out of your pants! You put your hand on your knee and start rubbing it. I quickly put your fingers in my mouth and start sucking on them while polishing your hard throbbing knob at the same time. I feel you get harder under my touch, and with me sucking your fingers, you can't take it anymore and pull your hand away for the second time! 

I'm thinking, "Fine! Won't let me suck your fingers, I'll suck something else!" 

And I proceed to go back to working on the head of your shaft. My tongue starts rolling on the top of that beautiful big head of yours. I start licking it slow, starting at the tip and working my tongue along and under the rim of the head, sucking it slowly into my mouth, teasing you by blowing on it, and then letting my tongue just sit on it, not moving. You push yourself forward, trying to get deeper into my mouth when I just stop and give your dick a quick lick. I sit there and watch your dick as it begins a movement of its own, jumping up and down, as if it is searching for me. I continue to watch, knowing that you must be going out of your mind wondering what has happened and why I stopped. I don't touch you for about ten minutes at which time I watch you relax and watch as your penis begins to go soft. I watch you for another ten minutes, every once in a while your penis would jump and that would just put a big smile on my face. 

"Patience, my little one" I'm thinking. "Momma hasn't forgotten you!"

You relax and focus on your meeting thinking that I am waiting for it to end and then we can test the office furniture for durability. I hear someone say that you have a couple of minutes left in the meeting, so it's time to wrap up any loose ends. You are all for that and encourage them to hurry up so they can go back to work. It is then that MY fun begins again! I slide myself back between your legs and take your dick deep into my mouth. I hear you let out a gasp, I have caught you off guard. I begin slowly sliding my mouth up and down on your dick, feeling it grow, get hard inside my mouth. I take my tongue and start licking you slowly up one side, stopping and sucking rough on the head, and letting my tongue go slowly down the other side. I go back to working on your head, twisting my mouth up and down and around on your hard throbbing knob! I start sweating and realize that I'm getting hot from the heat that is rising off of your crotch as well as my own.

I continue to work my oral magic on you while at the same time rubbing those big sweating balls of yours. You start using controlled movements to try to hump my mouth. 

I'm thinking, "Trying to be in control huh? We'll see!" 

I then start taking you into my throat, deep and fast. I feel you as you try to get away and know that you can't. 

I hear someone say, "Okay, if there are any questions, we will give you a call!" 

Then I hear the door close and you suddenly sit back and say, "Oh God you are a naughty, naughty, naughty, naughty girl!" 

To which I just smile and blow you a kiss. You get up and I hear the door lock. 

I'm sitting on your chair laughing softly when I tell you, "I just had to see you especially when you said that you would be 'getting a quick bite, while being stuck at the office',I took that to be an invitation! You know how my mind works!" 

You say, "Oh yes, I do know how your mind works and I should have known better!" 

You ask, "Is there anything that I can say that you don't think about sexually?" 

"Of course not!", I answer.

I look deep into your eyes, then lick your lips slowly before I kiss you. I suck on your tongue, taking it deep into my mouth, making love to it. 

I start licking and biting your ear then I whisper in your ear as I'm rubbing your nipples through your shirt and say, "I've been a bad, bad, bad, bad girl and I need to be punished!" 

You say, "Oh yes, you have been very, very, very bad, and you must be punished!" 

The next thing I know you are pulling out handcuffs from you desk drawer. You place them on my wrist. What is to happen next? I'm getting wet just thinking about the possibilities. 

Iconpoet continues the story

The look on your face as I cuff you is one of shock, mixed with a sort of slight amusement. The uncertainty of it all is enough to pique your interest. I see your mind racing trying to figure out what it is I'm going to do next. 

"Save your time. You're not going to guess what it is I have in store for you." 

"Reschedule my next appointment, Doris. My last meeting brought up some unexpected details that need to be hammered out. Tell them to hold off until notified." I say into my phone, making note to smirk when I say "Hammered."

"Right away sir." She replies. 

"Doris is such a good girl." I begin. "I never have to punish her. But YOU on the other hand, require strict dealing with." 

I remove my tie. "I know why you came here today. You wanted to shock and surprise me because you love the look on my face when you please me. The first step in your punishment is that you can't look at me for the rest of the day." 

I tie my tie around your eyes so you can't see. Next, I reach in my bottom desk drawer and pull out a roll of duct tape. 

"What's that?" You ask as I pull off a strip. 

"That's step two of your punishment. I know you love to scream and moan when I please you. Now, you have to suffer in silence." 

I have you bound, blind and mute...Now its time for the fun to begin. I pick you up (you are always amazed when I do that because not too many men are able to) and sit you on my desk and open your legs. I'm always amazed at how wet you are able to get. I bury my face deep into your pussy. I can hear a deep guttural moan deep in your throat, but no sound escapes your mouth. I know what I'm doing, why else would I have a roll of duct tape in my office?

I wrap my lips around your clit, suck and flick the tip of it with my tongue. You squirm, trying to see if you can catch a glimpse through a loose spot in the tie, but you can't. I ain't new to this, I'm TRUE to this, and I don't miss a beat. I lay your body back across my desk because, much like earlier, you're trying to take control of the situation. I lift your legs high over my desk and expose your beautiful pussy and your tight lovely asshole. I take my tongue and trace a line from your asshole to the tip of your clit and right back. You shiver in sheer delight. I hear another throat moan escape as I stick my tongue deep into your asshole as I take two fingers and insert them in your fat, wet, DEEP pussy and massage your G Spot. 

"I want you to squirt on my desk baby. I want you to give me a reason to request another copy of this document. Come on, baby. You know what I want. Give it to me." 

Almost as if on cue, you do. I love the way your cum gushes out, onto my cherry wood desk and drips off onto my carpet, making a nice little stain there. I make a mental note to never have this section of carpet cleaned. 

Now your legs are shaking and you are making little whimpering noises through the duct tape on your mouth. I have you just where I want you. I flip you over on the desk, knocking the stapler, phone, and container of pens scattering across the floor. Good thing I keep my computer on a separate desk to the side. Now I have your gorgeous ass facing me. I love the way your pussy looks from behind. Especially when I can still see tiny bits of cum dripping out. I lick that up just before I spread your legs. 

"Now, time for your REAL punishment." 

I stand up behind you; your ass in the air, legs spread which allows your pussy lips to spread just enough to show the pink, and take my dick into my hands. A trail of pre cum drips from the tip nearly to the floor. 

"You want me inside of you?" I ask. You grunt something. "What? I can't hear you." I say. "OH YEAH!!! That's right. You can't talk because you're being punished. You've been a BAD girl. Well, let me tell you this. What if I..." 

I slide my rock hard dick into your wet, willing and accepting pussy instead of finishing that statement. Your hands, still cuffed, grip the edge of my desk as you release still more guttural moans. Each thrust I give makes you grunt even more. When I reach up and pull your hair to get extra leverage, I swear that you let out a scream so loud that it penetrates the duct tape. That's all I need. I explode and cum. I can feel the warm semen filling your wet pussy all around my dick. Obviously you can feel it too because you squeeze your kegals, trying to milk every last drop. 

"You've been punished enough. Now it's time for a little reward." 

I back off, letting my dick slip out of your pussy. I can see the mixture of your cum and my cum begin to slowly trickle from your pussy. I go down and let it drip into my mouth, and then I turn you over, remove the duct tape and give you a long passionate kiss. We both get excited at the taste of the mixture of our cum mixed together. 

"Now, I hope that teaches you what happens to bad little girls who sneak into my office. I also hope that encourages you to do it again, and again, and then again after that." 

We both chuckle. I remove the handcuffs and the tie from around your eyes, and you are shocked to see Doris, my receptionist, sitting there in a chair, her skirt hiked up to her waist, fingering herself into a frenzy. You turn to me with a look of confusion mixed with surprise. 

"What can I say? She likes to watch." 

I look up at Doris, her cocoa brown skin looking so lovely against the cream colored blouse she's wearing and her long black hair slightly messed with sweat from wildly masturbating and say, "I expect a fully typed report of this meeting on my desk by the morning."