 Story so far (In Part I -9th August 2011): - Alex confides in Steve about her sexual frustrations and lack of experience. One day when they are out running, Alex tells Steve that she needs an experience, this leads to steamy outdoor encounter.

Alex Part II

I could not sleep that night. The following morning I waited for Alex in the underground car park. She arrived, parked and came over to my car. She climbed in to the passenger seat.

"Hi Steve ... about what happened. It was an incredible, but it needs to be a one off. I hope you understand."

I did not expect anything different; she was in her 20s with her life and I was an executive in my 40s with mine; somewhere deep within I felt the pangs of disappointment. I played it cool, but the disappointment showed.

"Sure. I had a great time and yes, I understand." 

She kissed me on the cheek and I watched her walk over to the lift and disappear and go to work.

Once again, that night I could not get to sleep. I had experienced a forbidden fruit and I wanted more. 

That morning I was in the shower soaping myself. I was lathering around my manhood when I started to think about Alex. My cock became thick, hard and started really aching. I started stroke the shaft of my thick soapy cock as I replayed our encounter. 

I imagined Alex's exposed breasts as I sucked her large button Iike nipples. I imagined her sitting back on the smooth rock naked with see her olive skin legs spread wide exposing her beautiful moist glistening shaved pussy. I imagined the taste of her warm sweet juices. I could imagine her arching her back and moaning as I entered her. I replayed every moment; as I fucked her, I could feel her tight hot juicy pussy around my thick cock. I could see myself sucking her nipples as we fucked slowly and firmly. She had come hard and I had to pushed back even harder to make her orgasm last every last second. I exploded in the shower and stool there for a few minutes.

Alex stopped running after our encounter. When we bumped into each other there was nothing more than polite smiles and waves from a distance. It was obvious that she wanted to move on. 

A few months passed and the lease for our building was up, we had an opportunity to upgrade to another building in another part of town. 

Three months later the family had flown out to see some relatives. Like many men, I am useless on my own and took myself down to the waterfront to get a few beers and eat some food. I sat there reading the day's sports news. Once my food was finished, I went over to the bar and ordered myself my favourite brew and settled down to watch the sports. 

I struck a half discussion with one of the other 'bar flies and we were soon shouting at the players on the screen and buying each other beers. This was a good distraction.

A couple of girls walked up to the bar giggling. I did not look but I instantly recognised one of the voices, it was Alex. I could see that the girls had been out on the town having a few drinks with her girl friends. I am sure Alex saw me but chose not say hello. I thought about talking to her and then thought that she may find it embarrassing and I did no want to open an old wound.

The evening wore on; I scanned the room for Alex and her girlfriend who had moved on. The bar was clearing early and the bar flies started dropping off. The lights were lowered for people seeking a more intimate setting and I decided to have a single malt whiskey and go back home.

"Hi, Steve".

I looked up and there was Alex, leaning against the bar, slightly tipsy with a kind smile.

"Hey Alex, I saw you earlier. I was going to say hello, but you were busy and I..."

"I know, I should have said hello. We went on to meet some of our other friends. I was about to jump in a cab and go home and I wondered if you would still be here. I thought I should come over and say hello."

"No worries, well great to see you... Can I buy you a drink?"

We sat there for the next hour chatting, it was like old time, the drinks were helping us both relax.

I did not bring up our encounter; I wanted to enjoy the time I had with Alex, even if it was only a few drinks. Alex however was quiet tipsy and brought up the subject;

"Steve... I had an amazing time that day on the track. Do you remember?"

I knew she was playing with me, I played along.

"I have a vague recollection... remind me again" 

She smiled and gently nudged me.

"I think about it often when I am on my own...you known...when I am feeling ... horny". 

She bit he lip and gave me a cheeky smile which had the effect of getting me aroused. She then leaned over, placed her hand on my inner thigh, looked in my eyes and said;

"Do you think about me Steve?" I could not lie.

"Yes, often..."

"I can still feel your face against me....imagine your inside me.....I think of you when I masturbate...I started to think about what happened when I saw you earlier and seeing you really tuned me on... I should have gone home, but I ended up here. "

I could see her nipples were erect, her face was close, she was breathing heavier and I leaned across and kissed her gently.

"We should go fine somewhere..."

"Yes, but where?"

I knew a couple of hotels in the area and with a bit of luck one would have a spare room. I used my phone to browse to the first one; they had no rooms. I tried the second one, the price was extortionate but I had no hesitation in getting out my Amex.

"Alex... come with me"

The hotel was a 5 minute walk. As we walked across one of the parks by the harbour, we walked into a dark patch. Alex stopped and we kissed. She moved her hand over trousers and felt my hard cock and teased by me by pulling on my belt. My heart was beating out of my chest.

We got to the hotel reception; the 'check in' felt like it took an entire month. I did my best to remain calm.

We finally got up to the room. I held Alex against the wall as soon as we got in the room. 

We started kissing passionately. I undress her down to her bright red lacy underwear. She undresses me fully. As we were kissing, she started to gently stroke the head my throbbing cock. It was wet and very sensitive and she rubbed he lacy underwear against me. She then took my cock in her hand while tracing the outline of her pussy with my cock.

I needed a distraction and exposed one of her perfect button nipples; I used my tongue to trace the outside of nipples and gently tugged on it before sucking. I kissed her body as she lay against the wall and made my way down to her pubic area. She opened her legs slightly and I could see that she was moist. I started eating her out through her underwear.

"Let's do it in the shower..."

I needed no encouragement as we climbed into a steamy shower. I kept kissing her nipples and playing with her clit with my fingers, she kept stroking my cock. I put my finger inside her, she was really wet and I started to gently stroke her inside with my finger. She moaned and put her hand on mine to encourage me. I put my hand on her hand as she stoked me. We played like this for a few minutes while I kissed as much of her of her upper body as I could.

She took my finger out gently, sucked it and moved down on me as I stood in the shower. She held my cock up and kissed my balls before licking the shaft of my cock. She got up and teased my dick with her pussy, before going back down and starting to suck my hard cock. I looked down and the water was cascading on her fact as she sucked me.

I could feel myself cumming and gently moved her off my cock. She stood up, kissed me and whispered...

"Its ok...I want you too"

She teased me again with her pussy before going down on me. She sucked me and gently caressed my ball. I put my hand on her shoulder while I came in her mouth.

I lay on bathroom floor and sat Alex on my mouth... I ate her while she played with her breasts and clitoris. She soon came and I enjoyed every second of her. I was getting hard again.

I moved her under me spread her legs and started to gently tease her pussy with the head of my cock. 

"Steve, fuck me doggy style...I want to watch us in the mirror."

We were soaking wet and I took her into the bedroom, positioned her on the bed so she could see us in the mirror. I started by teasing her pussy with the head of my cock.

"Enough Steve, ...I want you inside me."

I put my cock in her and we started to fuck ... she moaned with every stroke and we could both see what was happening in the mirror. I pulled her up against me. I kissed her mouth, neck and moved down to her nipples. I kept this going for a few minutes.

"Steve... Steve...fuck me harder..."

I let her get back down; she buried head in the bed and kept looking in the mirror. I started fucking her at the same speed but much harder and deeper.

I gently traced the outside of her perfect ass with my figure as I fucked her, her moans got louder and louder... I cupped her large breast, she put her hand on mine and she came hard on my cock, I kept fucking her deep and hard and she as she came.

I turned her and entered her again. We started fucking, I increased the speed and power of my motions and she came a second time.

"Steve... I want you to cum inside me"

"Alex, I can't do that...."

"Yes, you can... don't worry, I'm on something... I want you to cum inside me, I want to feel you as you cum."

I continued to fuck her, she grabbed hold of my ass, rapped her legs around me so that I could not escape. I stated to bang her hard and her breasts kept bouncing, she started to moan in my ear, and I finally exploded inside her and let out loud groan. She kissed me, looked me in the eyes and smiled.

We lay in bed kissing for a few minutes. 

"Steve, I need to go ..."

We got dressed; I took Alex down and flagged her a cab. She did not say anything, just looked at me and smiled as she got in the cab. 

Once again Alex was out of my life.

Part III to follow...