 God she'd had a bad day. Lori had worked overtime on a big project, and it was already nearly dusk on this beautiful, hot August evening. After presenting what she KNEW was an excellent proposal, her boss's response was barely lukewarm. He wanted his ass kissed on a daily basis (and she suspected he wanted more than that from her)... and the taste in her mouth got worst by the day. No matter how good she managed his affairs, he was either taking credit for her work, or telling her she could be better - (especially if she'd just dress a little sexier). If she wasn't making such damn good money she'd fire her boss and hit the road for good. 

To make matters worst, Lori was tired of living with her boyfriend, but unfortunately couldn't quite afford to be out on her own yet. She'd incurred major debt during her divorce. This new guy was nice enough, but after a fun few months he'd turned out to be a work-alcoholic by day, and a borderline alcoholic by night. Their occasional bland sex was irritating and unfulfilling. be passed out before she got home tonight, and that was just fine with her. Besides, she found herself satisfying herself in the bathtub better than he could in the bedroom. AND she was determined to NOT to be caught up in another bad relationship (no matter how gentle this man seemed). She prayed one more time that this endeavor into her first novel would be her ticket to freedom - from her job... from her life.

God he'd had a bad day. Rauck's sergeant assured him this stint in this quiet, classy suburb of Toledo would only be for a few months, "until the bad press died down." He wished for the umpteenth time he'd have not snapped that day. Following up on a domestic violence call... the worst call a cop can go on, the apartment he walked into was a rat infested, trap. That day, he'd given into the urge to hit a woman. He'd been to this apartment before, where the couple beat on each other often, in one drunken stupor or another. Their little girl was bleeding and crying when he arrived, and the wife wasn't in much better shape.

Rauck had just finished cuffing the drunk husband when the woman came after him with a broom, and got him once, hard across his back. In pain and with a blind fury he didn't know he possessed, he turned on her - and hit her. She went down in a heap on the floor, and lost a couple of teeth. The little girl begged him through blackened eyes to not take her daddy - and please don't hurt her mommy anymore. Sickened and ashamed he cradled the little girl in his arms and told her he was sorry, and held her until the ambulance and back-up arrived. Rauck would never understand how a mother could allow that to happen to her child.

The media was relentless - and an inquiry followed. He was eventually cleared, but they pulled him off his inner city beat and put him on patrol on the outskirts of town. When he was in the city - he'd felt good about getting "trash" off the streets, not to mention that there were women aplenty to keep him occupied. There wasn't any "trash" out here... just an occasional speeder, or rich kid or two getting busted for dope in the backseat of an SUV. The women were shitty to him for the most part out here... he angrily felt most of them considered him beneath them. 

Each night, he went home to an empty apartment after his 2nd shift ended. His on again, off again girlfriend left him for good, just over a month ago. She said she couldn't stand being with an angry man anymore (she said many other things that he tried to keep out of his mind - but tonight he couldn't forget her "angry all the time" accusations). Right now, he hated his life. If it weren't for his limited success as a part-time fitness trainer, where beautiful, lonely married woman in their tights and low cut spandex stroked his ego (and occasionally more), he wasn't sure where he'd be mentally right now... he suspected in a dark, dark place.

"Detour ahead." "Damn," - Lori had forgotten about the detour. She just wanted to go home, have a beer, maybe write a few chapters in her book. She abruptly made a left turn onto a side street, heading towards a dirt road that skirted around the cornfields on the East Side of town. She vaguely heard a horn blaring and caught a flash of white out of the corner of her eye. Near miss. "Fuck em."

Rauck slammed on his breaks and nearly skidded into the little red Chevy. He stared incredulously at the back of her car as she sped away. If he'd been in an accident in a patrol car NOW, god only knew where he'd end up. Probably at a friggin desk job for the rest of his life. He gunned the accelerator and skidded around the corner in pursuit of her. For some reason, he didn't call dispatch or turn on his siren & flashers. He was suddenly so pissed off. 

Lori was speeding along the side of the cornfield, lost in thought when she saw the patrol car through her rear view mirror coming around a curve. SHIT - she was NOT in the mood for a ticket today. She quickly turned up a dirt road that ran in between the fields that she'd driven through earlier in the summer a couple of times - praying he hadn't seen her speeding.

Rauck briefly glimpsed the tail end of the Chevy turning down the dirt road in the fields. Luckily he saw her - there was no dust kicking up, it had been a wet August and the road was moist. He slammed his foot down on the accelerator in anger and anticipation. He was going to catch the bitch...

The road was muddy, and 3/4 of a mile into the cornfield, with husks growing high above her little car - she sped around a slight bend in the dirt road, and promptly sunk deep into tractor ruts in a little clearing. Lori kept her foot on the accelerator, willing the momentum to get her out. She was completely screwed if she got stranded out here - having forgot her cell phone at home this morning. The car bogged down and slowed. "SHIT." She yelled, pounding her fist on the steering wheel. Her car sunk more, and her tires were spinning, deeper and deeper until she was no longer moving.

Rauck slowed as he approached the curve... and stopped his car behind hers. He smiled - she had hit a deep spot in a clearing and was stuck. His eyes flashing dangerously behind his sunglasses, he got out of his patrol car and walked to her open window.

She was almost relieved when she saw him... at least she wouldn't have to WALK out of here. "Great," she thought... now her insurance rates were going to go up. This would be her 2nd ticket this year. She turned off the car.

"Get out of the car lady," Rauck spoke menacingly through her open window - noticing her low cut tank top, and ample cleavage rising up and down in the summer heat. An expensive looking suit jacket was flung carelessly in the passenger seat, and diamond stud earrings sparkled under chic brown wisps of hair. A beautiful, creamy white heart shaped face turned towards him with pouting pink lips. He couldn't see her eyes behind designer sunglasses. "Great." He thought. Another rich bitch.

Lori's first instinct had been to try and charm him... it had worked a couple of times in the past for her. However, when he spoke to her and told her to get out of the car, in that shitty, dark voice, she snapped. She'd had enough of men using her and treating her like crap. She didn't give a damn if he WAS a cop.

"You don't need to use that tone of voice with ME" she snarled at him, as she crawled out of the car, struggling not to sink in the mud in her heels and skirt.

He'd had it... the events of the past few months caught up with him, and this bitch talking DOWN to him like he was some piece of trash was too much for him. He grabbed her and yanked her to him. In an instant he'd twisted her arm up behind her back and shoved her towards the patrol car. She stumbled - and he wrapped his free arm across her body to steady her, his hand covering her breast...

Angry and snarling at him, she still couldn't help but notice as she started to get out of the car his SIZE. He had to be over 6'2," and he was massive... with short, dark hair and chiseled features. Although he wore dark sunglasses, he looked pissed. She wondered if maybe she should have tried harder to be nice... his olive skinned arms bulged through his short sleeved "cop" shirt, and his patrol pants hugged every exquisite muscle and bulge in his body. "Oh my," she briefly thought to herself....

It happened so fast - she gasped as he effortlessly pulled her the rest of the way out of the car, twisted her arm behind her back. She stumbled and would have fallen had he not wrapped his other arm around her, but his hand was over her breast. She felt a stirring in her crotch and cursed under her breathe... this was CRAZY, he had NO right. 

Rauck hadn't meant to grab her there, but her nipple quickly hardened through the thin tight material of her tank top and bra. He involuntarily moved his thumb back and forth twice over the hardness of her nipple, and ampleness of her breast. His groin stirred, and he cursed and pushed her over the hood of the patrol car and pulled her other arm around and had her hands handcuffed behind her back before she could speak. He roughly turned her to face him, and at least 8 or 9 inches shorter than him, she stared up at him in disbelief. 

Rauck was still angry, and Lori was stunned and speechless at that moment. He yanked off her sun-glasses, and pushed his up over his head. His dark eyes stared down into glittering angry eyes. He knew then that she wasn't afraid of him, yet.

He backed up a step and left her there breathing heavily, leaning against his patrol car, with her hands cuffed behind her. Her hard nipples still pushed far through her tank top, and from his height exposed enough cleavage for him to see most of her breasts. Her waist was tiny, and her contoured navy cotton skirt fell just above her knees. She wore no nylons, and she squirmed over shapely, creamy white calves. His cock instantly became hard... 

Lori glared up at him, in awe and anger, her green eyes matching his stare. She swore his dark eyes could see right through her... Although, she was still indignant - she was completely caught off guard at how helpless she felt at that moment, how incredibly aroused she was. She shifted her weight back and forth, all of a sudden self conscious of the wetness between her legs, as her excitement built. What the hell was she thinking? Worst yet, she sensed he KNEW what was going through her mind.


Finally she spoke, demurely... "Is this really necessary? I... I just didn't want a ticket."

Rauck didn't respond. His expression was one of complete dominance... as she realized this wasn't an average, cocky police officer. Lori couldn't stand staring into his eyes any longer... she was loosing control, and she HATED not being in control. She dropped her gaze and gasped at the incredible bulge that was pushing through his pants. She'd never seen anything like it...

In that instant Rauck KNEW that she wanted him... and he intended on making her pay for dragging him through this field, for nearly wrecking his car, for everything that had happened to him. And he was going to enjoy it.

In a swift motion he lifted her on onto the hood of the patrol car and pushed his hand under her skirt and felt the wetness through her underwear. Lori moaned as his large fingers pushed her thong aside and stroked her hot, wet clit. She tried to speak, to protest - and he crushed his lips down on hers and pushed his tongue deep into her mouth. She resisted for only a moment. He pushed his finger deep inside her and she moaned again and started to hungrily suck on his tongue. With hands still cuffed behind her back, she laid back onto the hood of the car, instinctively spreading her legs to accommodate his large, probing hand. 

He wasn't gentle. He swiftly thrust his fingers in and out of her, as she writhed on the hood of his car moaning. His left hand held her down over her breast on the hood of the patrol car as he pumped in and out of the tight, hot wetness of her pussy with his right hand, letting his thumb work her clit.

She hurt so good... she couldn't believe this was happening to her. She wanted him to stop, but she DIDN'T want him to stop. His hand was so BIG. She was helpless and couldn't move. She felt the orgasm coming - and tried to resist it, but he only pushed deeper and harder into her, his thumb expertly working her clit to "that place." She screamed as she came in waves, writhing uselessly under his strength... and he slowly stopped after the last sensation shook her to her core...

He pulled his dripping hand out of her - and smiled down at her menacingly. He hadn't spoken since he'd ask her to get out of the car. She turned her face away from him, still shaking from the intensity of the orgasm. She didn't think she could stand yet. 

He roughly pulled her up and to him, and yanked her face back to him and kissed her again, pressing her breasts into his chest, driving his tongue deep into her mouth. She was like putty in his arms, and he knew she was totally his to play with and use now. 

Lori was aware only of his large frame engulfing hers, and of his hot tongue probing the back of her throat. She was completely oblivious to the corn gently rustling in the breeze around them in the dusk.

Rauck wrapped one hand into her soft, silky hair as he kissed her. Opening his pants with the other hand he allowed his massive, hard cock to spill out. He pulled his mouth away from her, and pushed to her willing body to her knees. 

Lori could only stare up at him in disbelief and lust. His hand still in her hair, hers still cuffed behind her, he forced her lips over his cock. She was lost in desire - and ready. Her knees sunk slightly into the soft earth... she didn't care. She wanted to taste him, and SUCK him. 

His dick was nearly as wide as her mouth - and she truly couldn't get it all in! She worked her tongue around the soft velvet tip and sucked eagerly. 

His left hand still wrapped in her hair, he moved her head back and forth on his cock while holding the base of his thick shaft with his right hand. 

After watching her work for a moment, Rauck closed his eyes. He languished in the heat and wetness of her mouth as she sucked, rolling her tongue around the tip of his cock, and swallowing the little bit of cum that was already there. He finally gasped and roughly yanked her back off of him, right before he nearly came into her mouth... he wasn't going to be done with her YET.

She was breathing hard and sweating in the sultry night air, as he pulled her up to face him again. She was beautiful he thought, and briefly his features softened as he gazed down into her green eyes. She was confused - she wasn't thinking when she was working on his cock with her mouth - she was just DOING. She wanted him to come IN her mouth, and was flustered when he pulled her up. 

Then he remembered - and hardened again. He spun her around and pulled up her skirt and quickly ripped off her thong. Her little round white ass gleamed in the moonlight, as he bent her over the car stroking her ass and pushing her face down on the hood... 

His pulled is hand away and brought it down HARD across the gleaming cheeks of her butt. She screamed out in pain, as the soft skin instantly reddened in a large hand print. He lifted his hand and brought it down hard again, and smiled as the sound echoed through the field. He knew nobody was close enough to hear them, and thought, "That's what she gets for dragging me out here." 

Tears came to her eyes, the pain SO intense Lori begged him to stop... but she was amazed that she was becoming incredibly aroused yet again. Three more times he spanked her HARD, and the heat and pain on her ass was so intense it emanated down her legs. She was crying now - and still somehow nearly faint with desire.

Rauck kept her bent over the patrol car, skirt up over her hips, her hands cuffed behind her and admiring her. Now he would have her.

Gripping her hips he entered her tight, wet pussy from behind... and pulled her body back onto him all the way down to the shaft of his throbbing dick. 

She cried out, moaning... and he slowly, methodically thrust his large, hot cock deep into her... Lori had never felt pleasure so intense! With no way to resist, she was forced to totally give in, and she swore she could feel his long cock all the way up to her tonsils. 

Rauck prided himself on his stamina... and he intended to ride this woman HARD and put her away wet. She was so hot and tight, it was all he could do not to simply POUND into her little body and finish, but he was SO enjoying feeling her, and listening to her...

Now Lori was begging him not to stop - "Oh my god PLEASE fuck me, don't stop!." Her pussy was on fire, and as he slowly brought her to orgasm she cried out yet again. But he wasn't finished with her yet. 

Rauck felt her come, and focused - continuing to slowly pull her back and forth completely onto his shaft. 

She cried out; "Please stop... I can't do this anymore," she murmured in agony. And still he kept going... waves of pleasure and pain rolling through her shivering body. Lori couldn't take it anymore, the sensations were SO strong she couldn't stop shaking... begging him, as he incessantly, slowly rocked into her. Finally, after what seemed an eternity to her - he took a breath and stopped. 

Rauck had wanted to POUND her for the last 10 minutes as he slowly made her crazy. Now it was time. He stopped and reached down and unlocked the handcuffs, and pulled out of her and rolled her limp body over onto her back.

Lori couldn't speak. She knew he hadn't come yet...

Rauck paused for a moment and gazed down at her, admiring her sweaty, tear stained face in the moonlight. Then, in an instant he pulled the tank top over her head and ripped off her lace bra. He roughly grabbed her sweaty, glistening breasts, and pushed her back down onto the hood of the patrol car one last time. 

Her nails reached up and dug into his shoulders has he pinched her nipples, and drove his dick deep into her. He pulled her ass to his hips and lifted her legs over his shoulders - and stopped briefly and looked down at her glittering eyes. He spoke for the first time... since he had told her to get out of the car, "Are you ready?"... she could only helplessly nod her head yes...

When he gazed at her for that moment, Lori thought she saw his face soften, and she started to reach for him... Then, the moment was gone and before she knew what was happening she was half naked, pushed back on the warm hood of his patrol car. She gasped as his fingers pinched & twisted her nipples, sending more waves of pain and pleasure through her. She moaned as he pulled her down onto his incredible cock, feeling like a puppet as he effortlessly pulled her legs up over his shoulders. He paused, and her heart skipped a beat when his soft, deep voice spoke down to her... "Are you ready?." She could only nod, mute with anticipation...

The first thrust made her cry out, and he swiftly, mercilessly pounded deep into her pussy -each thrust driving her ass harder into the patrol car. Amazingly, she came again, and again - and nearly fainted in ecstascy and pain. 

She could feel his cock swell even bigger as he tormented her. Finally, he groaned reaching down with his teeth closing over a nipple, he chewed her there as he pounded yet farther into her heat, and emptied his cum deep into her body, as she cried out in agony and ecstasy.

Lori couldn't speak - she could hardly move, as he slid out of her spent, sweaty body. Every muscle in her body ached and her pussy pulsed from the orgasms... from the pain of his use. Rauck pulled up his pants, looked down one last time over her wet, quivering body there in the moonlight, exposed on the hood of his car.

Rauck reached for her - and without a sound, he effortlessly picked her up with one arm, grabbed her clothes with the other, and carried her shaking bruised body back to her car where the door still stood open. 
