 Chapter Nine 

"Are they always this loud?" Sandy asked. She was smiling as she slowly shook her head. 

"Well, it has been two weeks," I replied with a shrug. I was still standing, even after ten minute of being in the same room with her. 

"Is that Lillith yelling?" she asked. I smiled and moved to a chair. I couldn't make myself sit on the same couch as her. 

"I don't think so," I replied. I wanted to touch Sandy so badly that I ached, but the whole situation was so surreal that I was afraid she would vanish if I tried. "My guess is that Katia is trying to fit Tyler's dick." 

"That's not possible," Sandy said, looking off into the distance. I was certain she knew from personal experience. I didn't want to think about it. 

"Not for a human," I agreed. I had so much to say, but didn't know where to begin. We were alone for the first time since the brief encounter at the reunion. 

"Why don't we take a walk?" Sandy said. 

I nodded and stood. We left the apartment and wandered around the complex. It was early October and the weather was unseasonably warm. Sandy took my hand as we passed through a nearby park. I could feel my pulse beat faster. 

"So, aren't you going to ask?" Sandy inquired with a slightly raised eyebrow. I took a deep breath. 

"I'm not sure I want to know." 

"I'm sure you don't," Sandy replied. "But I've come all this way to tell you what happening at Shelly insistence. It's not like I can go back without telling you." 

"So Shelly knows you're here?" I asked. I knew it was a stupid question as soon as the words left my mouth. Shelly always knew where Sandy was. Sandy didn't even bother to do much more than nod. I sighed and asked, "So, what's the news?" 

"Shelly's career is really taking off. They've extended her tour," Sandy said with a sad smile. I shook my head. 

"So, she's not coming back for Halloween?" I asked, sounding little better than I felt. 

"No," Sandy replied. "She sent me to thank you for getting 'Ted' to stop interfering." 

"You're kidding?" I asked in surprise. 

"No," she replied with a shake of her head. "I was surprised myself." 

"So, what do you think she's up to? Why did Shelly really send you with Tyler?" 

"I'm not sure," Sandy answered with a frown. "Shelly wasn't very clear. She sent me here, told me to thank you, keep an eye on Tyler and have some fun." 

"Have some fun?" I asked in amazement. 

"Those were her exact words." 

"Wow," I said. "Either stardom has mellowed Shelly's considerably or she's planning something big." 

"It very well could be the former. You should see her! Shelly's loving her new star status," Sandy said, and then laughing added, "She barely has time to see me or Tyler, much less spend any real time with us. I was actually starting to get lonely!" 

"So, did Shelly give you any limitations on what you can do while you're here?" I asked. Sandy raised an eyebrow. She knew exactly what I was thinking. 

"Don't you have a succubus to deal with your needs?" she asked pointedly, but didn't really look upset. 

"My sexual need, yes," I replied with a shrug. "But it's been a long time since I made love to a woman." 

"Does that line usually work?" she teased. I pulled her to me and kissed her. It was electric. I felt whole for the first time in a long time. Her soft curves drew me to her and her imperfect smile made me grin. I really did love everything about Sandy.  

"You tell me," I joked once we finally broke from the kiss. 

"Let's go to my place," she answered. I could see a need in her eyes that mirrored my own. Sandy led me to her car and broke quite a few traffic regulations on the way to the house she shared with Shelly and Tyler. We had the house to ourselves. Tyler would be busy with Katia and Lillith for the rest of the night and Shelly was an ocean away. 

"Nice place," I offered as we entered. 

"Shut up and take off your clothes!" she snapped as she quickly shut the door and started stripping her own clothes. 

"Are you always this bossy?" I asked, but I also started removing my clothes. 

"Do you have any idea of how often I've fantasized about you over the years? Especially, the last four months?" 

"No, tell me," I replied. She stopped undressing and looked at me carefully. 

"You might not want to know," she replied softly. I tilted my head and watched her curiously. She sighed and started to explain, "Shelly really is a virgin. I don't know why she's never let anyone touch her, but she hasn't." 

"Um, I thought the Devil said you two..." I began, but couldn't finish. I blushed. It was silly, but I couldn't help it. 

"We did when we were younger," Sandy replied. She was also blushing, but that didn't stop her from continuing. "However, she's never touched me since the day she made her deal with Satan and she's never been with a man." 

"Something to do with the deal?" I frowned. 

"No, I don't think so," Sandy said, shaking her head. She sighed loudly and added, "But that's besides the point. My purpose in telling you all this is so that you understand. Shelly never touches me or anyone else for that matter, but she does use me." 

"I know," I said quickly, trying to ease her discomfort at talking to me about this issue. "I was there in the coat check room at the reunion when Tommy Geskin and you were...well, you know." 

"That was to try and get Shelly's career jump started. She always offered me to anybody who might remotely help her in that area, but I wasn't only talking about that," Sandy replied. 

"What else?" I asked, desperate to know and frightened to find out. 

"I helped support her while she worked at being a singer," Sandy said, obviously working her way up to something. She looked at me and sighing added, "Look, there is no easy way to say this. Shelly used me as a relatively high priced call girl to help pay the bills. I even danced at a club two towns over." 

"That bitch!" I snapped. It was a ridiculous reaction, but I couldn't help it. Sandy was Shelly's slave. I understood that. I could even accept that she used Sandy to entice record executives. Yet, to me that was a lot different then using her as a prostitute. 

I always thought that no matter how Shelly acted, she had to really care deeply for Sandy. After all, Sandy was a large part of the reason why Shelly took the Devil's deal. However, that didn't seem possible to me now. 

"I can understand her giving you to a man to try and reach for her dream of stardom, but for money?" I said, getting angrier as I spoke. 

"To Shelly, the money was something she needed to get to her goal. She didn't separate the two like you obviously do," Sandy said, sounding concerned, but not overly upset. I took a deep breath and let it out slowly. 

"You don't seem particularly bothered by the way she's used you," I finally said. 

"I'm not," Sandy answered succinctly. "Oh, it bothers me a little if I think about it, but you have to remember that my whole life revolves around Shelly. Anything I do that helps her makes me feel better." 

"So you enjoyed being a prostitute?" I asked in disbelief. 

"No," she said with a pained smile. "I enjoyed being able to help Shelly." 

"I'm confused," I said, rubbing my hand through my hair. "Did you or did you not enjoy having sex with all those men?" 

"It wasn't only men," she said, stalling to gather her thoughts. I had a flash of her in the same bed as Lillith and maybe Katia. I really was a perverted son of a bitch! 

"What does all this have to do with you fantasizing about me?" I asked. 

"I'm getting to that," she smiled. She looked nervous as she shook her head and started to explain, "Look, I won't lie to you. I did enjoy the sex with some of the people I slept with, but not the majority. That doesn't mean doing it didn't make me feel good in a non-sexual way because my having sex with those stranger pleased Shelly and making her happy is my purpose in life." 

"So if pleasing Shelly is you're life, then why are you here with me?" I asked. 

"Because Shelly sent me," Sandy replied. The words hurt, but before I could say anything she continued, "And because I love you. I've always loved you. As long as that love doesn't interfere with Shelly happiness I can feel it and share it with you." 

"That not what I want," I replied with a sigh. "I want the unconditional love two souls feel for each other when they're meant to be together." Sandy looked at me and smiled sadly. I though that somewhere deep down she wanted the same thing, but she couldn't say so because of Shelly's control. 

"You know, I imagined that I was making love with you every time I was with someone. It helped me enjoy it more and allowed me to please Shelly," she said. I smiled sadly. 

"That's what you meant about fantasizing about me." 

"That's only part of it," she replied. "I also daydream about us. I have so many scenes of us being together in my head that I'm surprised there's room for anything else." 

"What kind of scenes?" I asked. 

"All kinds," she replied. "One of my favorites is of us decorating a Christmas tree." 

"So, they're not all sexual," I joked, forcing a smile. 

"Oh, I have those too," she teased back, and then smiling hopefully added, "I'm willing to show you some of them if you can accept the limitations my relationship with Shelly demands." 

"I can do that," I replied with a grin, but I lost my smile as I added, "For the time being." 

"That will have to do," she said, stepping into my embrace. We kissed again. 

We stood there for as long as I could stand it, but in the end that was only a couple of minutes. I lifted Sandy into my arms carried her toward the bedrooms. Sandy laughed and pointed toward a door. We entered a bedroom with a full king sized bed. There was also a hot tub. 

"Maybe later," Sandy giggled when she saw me looking at the tub. "I can't wait that long!" 

"Me neither!" I growled. We lay next to each other on the bed. We were both naked and Sandy was slowly stoking my cock while I took my time caressing her chest. She leaned in and kissed me. I'm not sure how long we lay there, but eventually Sandy climbed on top of me and sank down on my dick. She was panting gently and biting her lower lip. Her hands were on my chest. 

"This feels so good!" she cried. I didn't trust myself to reply. Instead, I placed my hands behind my head and smiled up at her. She shook her head and added, "I guess your going to leave all the work up to me." 

"For the time being," I replied with a grin. She rolled her eyes and slowly started riding my cock. I watched her face as she grew closer and closer to her orgasm. The desire and emotions there thrilled me more than I could say. I realized that this was more than just sex. I'd never felt this way with anyone else! Not even my ex-wife! 

"Yes!" Sandy cried as she stiffened out in orgasm. She was sweating slightly and gasping for air. I watched her face as I continued to lie there smiling. My cock was hard, but I wasn't close to cumming yet. 

Sandy fell forward on my chest when she was finally done. We lay like that, my cock still in her for a few minutes as she caught her breath. I wrapped my arms around her and just lay there enjoying the weight of her against my body. 

"You didn't cum. What's the matter?" Sandy asked once she calmed. She looked a little sad. "Not as good as the succubus?" 

"Are you kidding?" I laughed, hugging her tightly. "I've never felt this good in all my life!" 

"But..." Sandy began. I cut her off. 

"Not buts," I insisted. "I love you and that was amazing!" She made to speak again, but I covered her lips with my fingers. Her face was only a couple of inches from mine. I smiled and teased her by saying, "Don't ruin the moment!" She bit my fingers causing me to cry out, "Ouch! You bitch!" I was half mad and half laughing. 

"What are you going to do about it?" she asked with a raised eyebrow. 

"This!" I cried, pulling her mouth to mine. She kissed me back just as hard as I kissed her. I still had my arms around her and the head of my dick was inside of her. I held her tightly and started thrusting my hips up toward her. 

"It's about time!" she snapped briefly before thrusting her tongue deep into my mouth. I lowered my hands to her hips and started slamming up into her harder. I was soon moving as quickly as I could. Sandy wrapped her hands around my neck and held on. 

"Not again already!" she cried a few moments later. She stiffened above me and came as I watched. Her face tightened in orgasm. I gently kissed her face until she was done. 

"I could watch you do that all night," I sighed. She was a dead weight on my chest that felt wonderful. 

"I'd really like for you to join me one of these times," she grumbled. I laughed and rolled us over. I was now on top and between her legs. I started moving in and out of her slowly. I kissed her face and neck until she started panting again. I moved to her chest and she held my head between her breasts. 

"I'm getting close again!" she eventually said. I moved up and kissed her before adding, "Me too!" I started thrusting in with more force. Sandy cried out each time. 

"Cum in me!" Sandy demanded suddenly. 

"Soon!" I cried. 

"Now!" she demanded. 

"Not yet!" 

"Fill me!" 

"Now!" I cried out and then grunted as I thrust up into her one last time and filled her pussy with my cum. 

"I can feel it!" Sandy cried out as she started shaking uncontrollably. We both continued to orgasm for quite some time. She gave me one last kiss when we were done. 

"Are you up for another go?" I asked with a smile. I wasn't anywhere near ready. All I really wanted to do was wrap her in my arms and sleep, but if she wanted more, I would find a way of giving it to her. 

"In the morning," she promised with a smile. "I'm tired. Just hold me." I moved off of Sandy, but snuggled close. We spooned and I squeezed her tight one last time. She ran her nails along my thigh briefly and I kissed the back of her head. We both fell asleep moments later. 

I woke up and smiled. The drapes were open and the dawning sun lit the room. I sighed as I remembered Sandy's promise. I grinned and gently rubbed her breast. I looked forward to trying more of her fantasies. I had some of my own I planned on sharing with her as well. 

"Sandy," I said lovingly when she didn't react to my touch quick enough. I could feel my cock hardening and I wanted her. I didn't have the patience to wait for her to awake on her own. "Wake up!" 

I rolled Sandy toward me. I was leaning over to kiss her when I realized the truth. 

"No!" I screamed as my heart stopped and my soul cried out in agony. Sandy was dead! Her face was pale and stiff and she wasn't breathing. I jumped out of the bed. 

"Satan!" I screamed. "I know what my second wish is! I want Sandy to be alive! Satan, do you hear me!" He didn't appear and in my madness and pain I called to my old friend, "Ted!" 

This time the Devil did appear. He looked at me and I think there was a touch of sadness in his eyes, but I couldn't be certain. 

"You can take both wishes! Just make her live!" I begged. 

"That's beyond the scope of your wishes," he said calmly. "That would take a full blown miracle." 

"But..." I started to argue, however there was enough of my friend Ted in his face for me to read his expression. I wasn't going to be able to change his mind. 

"Who did this?" I asked, feeling lost and alone. 

"Shelly," he replied. 

"That Bitch!" I cried. My feelings of loss turned to rage. "I want her dead! I want her to feel the worse pain imaginable! Do you hear me? Make it one of my wishes!" 

"I can't do that," the Devil replied. 

"Why?" I asked, my fists clenching and unclenching in unspent rage. 

"She's already dead," Satan replied. "If it's any consolidation, she is currently feeling the worse pain imaginable. Actually, it's even worse then that." I looked at him, only half understanding what he was saying. 

"She's dead?" I asked in bewilderment. 

"Suicide," he replied. "She used pills." 

"Why?" I found myself asking again. Satan didn't reply. 

Sandy's life force was tied to Shelly's. It was part of the deal Shelly made with the Devil. Her death caused Sandy to die. I had two wishes left and they were both useless. 

"I could take you to her?" he offered. His words seemed to be coming from far away. It took me a moment to register. 

"You can?" I asked hopefully. 

"Sure," he replied. "All you need to do is wish yourself dead." 

"You bastard!" I cried. "You bastard!" 

"Oh, come on! What's the point of living without her?" he asked. 

"Nothing!" I replied. "If I thought for a moment that you'd actually let us be together, I wouldn't even need to use a wish. I'd kill myself with my bare hands! But I know you. There is no chance of that happening!" 

"So, you'll continue living without her?" he asked. 

"I don't know about living," I said. "But I'll survive. Sandy would want me to." 

"Spoken like a true coward," he said. The laughter that followed was cruel. 

"I've never denied being a coward," I sighed. I couldn't feel anything. I was numb. I knew it was the shock, but it didn't mean anything to me. "But I'm certainly not a stupid coward." 

"So, what are you going to do?" he asked with a raised eyebrow. 

"I going to spend the next month thinking long and hard," I replied as I glared at him. "And if I'm smart enough and lucky enough, maybe I'll find some way of getting back at you for this! After all, I still have two wishes." 

"I admire your tenacity," Satan replied. "Have fun trying!" He laughed again and then disappeared. 

I turned back toward the bed and looked one last time for the woman I loved, but she wasn't there. What was left was a soulless corpse. I felt gnawing in the pit of my stomach as I reached for the phone. I dialed 911 to get the police. They would come and get rid of the body. I couldn't bring myself to touch it again. 

Chapter Ten 

"Having fun?" 

I looked up and saw Satan sitting two bar stools down. The place was all but empty this early. Later would be a different story. It would be packed with all kinds of people. It was a Monday night, but that didn't matter. It was also Halloween. 

"Long time no see," I said. I could still feel the hatred and anger from the month before, but it was muted. He looked the same. Not me. The last month was the most difficult in my life. 

"Lillith keeping you busy?" he asked. 

"I haven't seen her in two weeks," I replied, knowing that he already knew it. 

"Yes, but you did have fun those first two weeks," he replied. I sighed as I remembered my initial reaction to Sandy's death. I was mad, and by mad, I don't mean angry. 

"Not really," I replied. He smiled. He knew exactly just how close I came to complete insanity. For two weeks I used Lillith to hide from my pain. She fulfilled every single one of my dark fantasies. I did things with her that sickened me. Yet, none of it bothered her. As long as there was sex involved she enjoyed it all. That was probably the only thing that stopped me from going mad now with guilt. 

"I thought you were going to let her kill you," Satan said, no longer smiling. 

"I might have," I replied honestly. I was too tired and depressed to lie. "But Katia wouldn't let me. I think that Lillith even tried to help." 

"Lillith?" the Devil said in disbelief. He laughed and added, "She wouldn't do anything that interfered with the possibility of her having sex. She is a succubus after all!" 

"Maybe you're right," I said with a shrug. "But that last day she used Sandy's likeness. She had to know how I would react to that." 

"You think she expected you to keel over and throw up all over her?" he asked, his disbelief growing. 
