 All the incidents in this story are true but did not all happen with the same lady.

It was early evening, about 11 p.m., on a rather blustery winter night. Barbara and I had just returned from dinner and dancing. The usual rounds of cocktails had made the evening carefree and sensual. Barbara was wearing a gold tube top with no bra. Her puffy nipples and the outline of her nipple rings were outlined by the flimsy fabric. A pair of electric blue stretch pants molded her hips, bottom and crotch without a panty line. Gold ballet slippers graced her feet to complete the ensemble. A small tattoo in the likeness of the devil peeked out above the tube top on her right breast 

We had danced all the dances slow and fast, new and old. During the jive and mambo her little devil bounced happily up and down in time to the music. During the slow dances he was perfectly content to be pressed against my chest while her spandex encased pussy pressed and gyrated against my semi-rigid cock. After the slow dances it was all I could do to walk off the floor without having my cock waving to everyone in the room. Finally I could no longer ignore my rigid member and tight balls so I suggested we retire to my place and continue our dancing in private. 

Barbara grinned as, hidden by the tablecloth, I slid my hand up her leg and felt the damp heat of her crotch. She reached under the table and fingered up and down my cock before she got up and ushered me out to the car. As I started the engine she slid her hand up my leg to my balls She leaned over and kissed my ear ending with her tongue licking and swishing around and around like a warm wet snake while her fingers diddled my cock and balls. After having several near collisions from these mild distractions we finally made it to my place.

Now we were back in my apartment with a fire blazing in the fireplace and lust blazing in our loins. We were sitting on the sofa with her head in my lap pressing my cock to half mast. I began to slowly massage her shoulders and neck while the little devil grinned up at me from her boob. The results were a languid stretching by Barbara. Her puffy nipples became hard cones about one inch long with eraser tips. Her nipple rings stood out like little hoops as they were pulled up with her erecting nipples The spandex covering her crotch began to show a spreading dark spot as it became damp. 

A slow but effective rolling of her shoulders began to expose more and more of Barbaras' little devil. The tube top moving ever so slightly down her breast with each roll of her shoulders. I watched in fascination as I gently continued to finger her damp crotch. She must have practiced for weeks to perfect this no hands strip tease. 

As the top moved lower I soon saw that the little fellow was not so little after all. The little guy had a massive cock that ran across and between her breasts ending up at her pointy left nipple. It appeared that her nipple was the head of his cock. It looked like his cock had a Prince Albert piercing as the nipple ring came into view. Pop art at its best for the lucky few to see. 

As I moved my head lower it seemed I was about to become a cock sucker. After sucking the devils "cock" for a few minutes biting and pulling on the ring with my teeth, her nipple became very hard and pointy, Barbara sat up, grabbed me by my cock and marched into the bedroom with me stretched out behind her.

She no sooner let go of my cock than she finished her striptease. Well maybe not a tease as it took her only about 10 seconds to finish pulling off her top and pants. She then unbuttoned my shirt pulled it off and started on my pants. The belt and fly were no problem and soon my pants were on the floor in a heap. The undershorts were reluctant to fall as they were hung up on my now fully erect 8 1/2-inch cock. Barbara took matters into her own hands and instead of pulling the shorts off she pulled the crotch to the side freeing my drooping balls and rock hard cock. She locked her fingers around my now free shaft and squeezed and pumped till her hand was covered with pre-cum.

Hanging on to my cock for dear life she pulled me to the bed, pushed me down on my back and straddled my chest facing my feet. With me down on the bed she grabbed the waistband of the undershorts and as I lifted my hips high she pulled them off and threw them to join the rest of the clothes on the floor. She was sweating now and beginning to breathe heavily. The distinct odor of very wet pussy began to permeate the room and I felt the hair on my chest getting wet from her juices. 

Under her breath she said, "I need that cock now." Leaning down she began to slowly suck my balls and lick my cock making sure she grazed over the ultra sensitive spot on the back of the tip. She wrapped her fingers around my balls at the base of my cock, so they were squeezed into a tight pouch of scrotum skin. She began pulling my balls while she tried and succeeded in sucking them both into her mouth. If this kept up my balls would dump their load and it would be over in another few minutes. That was not part of my plan for the evening. 

Placing my fingers in her hair I slowly lifted her head letting my balls pop to freedom. In the process her pussy moved toward my face and I got a good lick of her wet slit and saw she had a ring passing through both of her inner pussy lips. I pulled her around and up to me and kissed her tasting the salty sweat from my balls on her lips while she licked the pussy juice form my face and lips. 

"Slow down, not so fast," I said. "Getting there's half the fun." 

Placing her hand between her legs with her fingers pulling her pussy ring she settled down by my side, legs spread, and waited to see what I had in mind.

I began to slide and rotate my hand over her breast my palm just grazing her hard puffy nipple while my fingers tickled the sensitive side of her breast. I opened one of the nipple rings.

"What are you doing to my titties?" she asked. "You can play with the rings but don't take them out. They're to hard to put back in."

I gave the ring a half twist screwing her nipple around. She squealed as I latched the rings together making her nipples touch each other. Her boobs were pulled together making a perfect valley for my cock to explore. She began to moan and quiver spreading her legs wide. 

Pulling her hand away from her pussy she stick the fingers of one hand in her mouth. The other hand found its way between my lips. Without stopping the nipple action I set my knees on each side of her waist and slid my cock between her breasts. My meat slid between her breasts under the nipple rings and came out above her boobs. 

Not to be left out of the action she opened her mouth and tried to lick and suck my cock each time it slid up between her boobs. After I was sure one more plunge through her boobs would make me come I slid off her.

I began to kiss, lick and suck her breasts while my hand moved under her bottom and began to probe the slippery folds of her cunt and puckered asshole. Cunt juice was running down the crack of her ass and making a wet spot on the bed. She was now beginning to really get into the action. 

"No, don't suck my titty like that," she said. 

"How do you want it?" I whispered, "It's your show." 

"Bite it. Bite it hard. Pull the rings and stretch my titties. Don't make me bleed but bite real hard...harder...harder... Oh yes...Pull the rings...God every nip goes right to my cunt and makes my clitty jump." 

I began to change my position so I was lying with her left leg between mine and her right leg pulled up to her boobs. I could no longer bite and pull her titties but I could begin to slip the tip of my cock into the dripping folds of her pussy. 

I felt something block my entry. Her pussy ring was through both her pussy lips holding them together. The ring was about 2 inches across so after a little position adjustment I was able to slip my cock head through the ring to press against her weeping hole. The tightness of the ring made my cock head rock hard as the ring slipped over it. My right hand moved down from her breast and began to gently stroke her pussy lips and once in a while tweak her clit. 

"Stick it in me...oh...come on...come on...stick it all the way in...oh...yes... God that's good. Keep rubbing my clitty...don't stop...yes,..deep... just like that." 

I obliged and began to slide my cock through the ring into her cunt. Her pussy lips were pushed and pulled as the ring slid up and down over my cock.

I moved my hand down under her bottom so I could start a very gentle massage of her rose bud back door that was now dripping with her cunt juices. My cock with the ring at the base of the shaft became a steel poker deep in her pussy. 

"Oh my God...what are you doing to me? Don't stop...right there... keep doing it...slow...easy...real slow." As the stroking continued she seemed to move to another level of ecstasy. She became calm, almost limp. Her legs and cunt spread open even wider. Her inner lips were red and swollen, pulled tight around my cock by her pussy ring. I continued massaging her clitty and behind very slowly. Then I heard a sigh, her legs spread even more and a little spurt of pee erupted from her pussy. 

She whispered, "My God what are you doing to me? I feel like I'm going to pee."

"What do you want me to do?" I asked her softly. 

"Anything you want to," she moaned. "I feel like I'm drifting away, slide your cock in and out of my pussy real slow. Make the ring pull my pussy lips. God I'm so relaxed I can barely feel your cock in me, don't stop. Oh shit, I still feel like I'm going to pee."

"Do anything you want to do, relax and enjoy." I said. 

Another small jet of pee spurted out of her swollen pussy and ran down my leg. 

"I never felt like this before, don't stop. Put it in as deep as you can. Oh, oh, now pull it all the way out very slowly." 

I pulled out slowly, freed my shaft from the cunt ring and began to rub my cock head along her swollen pussy lips, across her hard little clitty and over her asshole. 

"God that's good, push it against my ass. Will it fit in my ass? Slow... easy... God it feels so big... don't stop... press it in... easy... oh yes... press it. Is the tip in yet? I don't feel it. Oh, oh my God! Now it's in I can feel it stretching my ass, easy...stop for a minute. That's wonderful, ok, now real slow and easy slide it all the way in." 

As I slowly thrust my invading cock up her ass rubbing her clit and pulling her pussy ring she began to moan and shutter in the throws of her orgasm. 

Then she went totally still and whispered "Oh my God I'm going to pee," and began to pee a warm stream over my leg as her spasms and moans continued. 

My still rigid cock was clamped in her hot, pulsing back door. It felt like her asshole would never let go as I began stroking in and out as the pee, cum and cunt juices ran over my cock and down onto the bed.

Slowly she revived and reaching down began to stroke and squeeze my balls as I continued to slowly fuck her ass. She tightened her muscles around my cock and I let go a load that had been building up for about 6 hours, it seemed that it would never stop. As I stopped pumping cum into her ass she again began to massage my balls. 

"Don't pull out ", she said. "Push your cock way up my ass. I'll hold it in. I want you to pee in my ass while I rub your balls. I know it sounds kinky but please, I pissed on you now I want you to pee in my ass. I want to feel your hot pee in me." 

She continued to rub my balls as I tried to relax enough to pee. Slowly I could feel it starting. First a dribble and then a gusher. As soon as she felt the heat of my pee she squeezed my balls and began to moan into her second orgasm as she pulled on her linked nipple rings.. 

"Oh that feels so nice. Nice and warm in my ass, keep peeing, pee in my ass forever. Keep your cock in my ass." 

Once started, I peed in her ass for what seemed like an eternity. By the time my pee stopped, with her moaning and her asshole clamped around me like a cock ring, my cock was rigid again and deep in her, ready to do some more ass fucking. I began slow long strokes being careful not to slip out. All the while she was moaning and shuttering. I continued to pump her ass and finger her cunt while I pulled on her pussy ring stretching her cunt lips. Finally I was past the point of no return and shot another load deep up her behind while what little pee she had left spurted onto my hand, cock and balls. We both lay sated on the bed looking and feeling like wet rag dolls

As my cock deflated and slipped out of her asshole Barbara tightly crossed her legs to prevent a gusher of cum and pee from erupting onto the bed. 

She looked at me wide eyed and said "My God I hope we can make that happen again." and made a mad dash for the bathroom.