 Entry One

When the crisp, winter wind blows through my sheer, silk blouse just right, my nipples become rocks. When a man rubs my pussy through my sheer, silk panties, my body trembles. 

Who am I?

My name's Roxy Sanders, and this is my diary. I'm 19 years old, and currently living at home, with my two older brothers and absentee father. He's not usually around when anyone needs him, actually the only concrete proof that we have that he's actually still alive and breathing are the monthly checks the three of us receive, via Fed Ex.

I can't complain, too much. I have everything I want, including a brand new sports car and every modern convenience a spoiled teenager could ask for. My brothers, on the other hand, have become very bitter towards our father. But, I guess if I were a boy, I'd feel the same way. At least they have each other. 

My mother died when I was seven, having met a drunk driver head on at midnight, one rainy evening in the Hollywood Hills. So now, I rely on my friends and the kindness of strangers. I decided to finally pull this diary from the wrapping paper it was still enclosed in from my 18th birthday. Why? I'm not really sure. I guess I thought it would be a good idea to record, for lack of a better word, all my actions, reactions, conquests and desires. Who knows, maybe the words that will be printed in these pages just might come in handy someday.

So, as I said, my name is Roxy Sanders and I'm 19 years old. I have almost platinum blonde hair, searing blue eyes and lips that I'm sure were made to suck only the sexiest, most delicious cocks this Earth has to offer. I was also blessed with perfect tits, you know the kind, not too small, not too big, just the right size to wrap your hands around and really cop a feel. I've worn a size 6 practically since grade school and I have legs that go on for miles. Sound good to you? Well, let's just hope all the other red blooded American males, and possibly females, feel the same way.

I've decided to post my first entry on a Saturday, because let's face, Saturday night is the busiest night in Roxy's life. And, tonight is no different. Tonight, a few of my friends are coming over and we'll make our plans from there. If I know my sisters, as I call them, we'll most likely start off the evening comparing each other's hairstyles and outfits, all of us being extremely jealous of each other, then we'll head out to some club where the men will all compete for our attention. 

Do I mind competing with them? Sometimes yes, sometimes no, mostly no. I know I'm beautiful, I don't have to have a man pawing at my tits to confirm this, but the string of phone numbers and free drinks is always nice. Due to my outer beauty, I've been getting free drinks since I was 15, okay my beauty and a fake ID, thank you Jason, for that. So, for now, I will end this entry and proceed to getting dressed. If I know my sisters, they'll all be at least 45 minutes early and that's barely enough time to get my makeup and hair perfect. Until later, Love, Roxy.

(Later that night ...)

WOW!!!! As promised, tonight WAS a busy night for me. Twenty minutes inside the club and I already had four phone numbers and drinks that I couldn't even pronounce the names of. My "sisters," were already out on the dance floor, grinding and cock teasing the night's boy toys, but I opted to have a seat, you know, to have a look around. As I watched the strobe lights and the hundreds of sweaty bodies, all swirling around the club, there was one guy that totally caught my attention. Now, being the professional tease that I am, I can't let this guy see that I am watching him. So, what is a girl to do? She buys herself that first drink, and seductively sucks the straw, immediately drawing the attention to her cock sucker lips. 

And, as expected, the good looking guy responded. Within minutes, the bartender placed a tall drink in front of me, with the words, "Compliments of the man at the end of the bar."

I know, I know, such a cliche, but honestly, that's how it started. I really didn't care for the drink, but I had managed to grab his attention, and now, Roxy's night had begun.

For the next 10 minutes, or so, he and I traded winks and tongue gestures, sending out the vibe to each other that yes, I'm watching and wanting you. Finally, after I had almost deep throated the straw and had done the whole seductive crossing the legs and letting my high heel dangle from my toe scene, he summoned the courage to step up to me.

"My name's Garrett," he said, sliding down onto the bar stool next to me.

"Hi, Garrett, I'm Roxy, thanks for the drink," I said, instantly noticing that his eyes were the darkest green I'd ever seen.

"Anytime, Roxy," he said, smiling and flashing this amazing smile, just seemed to light up his entire face, "Always a pleasure to buy a gorgeous woman a drink."

I instantly felt my cheeks becoming red and the temperature of the room suddenly bolted, to what felt like, 200 degrees. I must have seemed like such a kid to him, but he never let on. 

We spent the next hour, or so, chatting about careers and the whole bar scene in general. He told me he had just recently broken off a five year relationship because the woman's job transferred her to England, and he just wasn't willing to live outside of the United States. Sort of lame, I thought, but hey, maybe it was a really cool job that she just couldn't pass up. 

I told him that I had just graduated from high school and was basically just blowing off steam for the next year, trying to figure out what it is I really wanted out of life. He respected that and asked me to dance. 

We spent the next three songs with our bodies stuck together like glue, and his hand firmly planted on my ass. He smelled amazing and through his shirt, I could tell he was very well built, possibly a body builder. 

I glanced over, just in time, to see my "sisters" switching off dance partners and doing the all famous "phone number switch." What this is is if a man has given you his phone number, but one of your friends has a hotter date, if she agrees, you both switch phone numbers. And let's face it, it's not like the guy ever complains or remembers who he gave his phone number to the night before. If nothing else, it leads to an hour of great sex, possibly a lunch or coffee date, and then you move on. 

At the end of the third song, Garrett excused himself to make a phone call, so I returned to the bar. I got chills watching him walk, his body was perfect and he smelled so great. I could still smell his cologne, long after he was out of sight. 

"ROXY!!!!!" screamed Ally, one of my "sisters," "This club is amazing!!!" 

She was obviously already tipsy, but she was right, this club was pretty cool. She took a seat next to me at the bar and ordered another shot. All slumped over, and no doubt feeling very nauseous, she told me about the men on the dance floor. She had met a dancer and a lawyer, a construction worker and a veterinarian. She and Melissa, also one of my "sisters," had decided to trade off on the vet and the dancer. Those should be some interesting morning after stories!

After a few minutes, I began to scan the bar, wondering what had happened to Garrett. I didn't wanna seem like a psycho or anything, but I was enjoying our time together. 

"Where's that guy at," asked Ally, slamming her empty shot glass on the bar.

"He's making a phone call, don't be so nosey," I snapped, obviously upset that he had not returned.

"Okay, girl, well, have fun!!" she yelled, returning to the dance floor.

I decided to give Garrett a few more minutes, then I'd have to be a psycho and go find him. 

Well, two drinks later, he still had not returned. I began to think I had been a victim of the drink, dance and drop, and that one is pretty self explanatory.

I slowly slid down off the high bar stool and made my way through the girating crowd, towards the long hallway where the bathrooms and telephones were located. Amidst the ocean of blinking neon lights and half drunk women emerging from the bathroom, I finally located the row of telephones. But, no Garrett. I stood there feeling both foolish and sick to my stomach. I really don't drink all that much, but it comes with the club scene. 

And, just as I started to walk back towards the strobe lights and mobs of sweaty, half drunken horny people, I heard a voice.

"Roxy, come here, baby," it said, almost in a loud whisper.

"Roxy, come here," it repeated, as I scanned the dimly lit hallway up and down.

"Where are you? Who are you?" I asked, twirling around in circles, not helping the nausea in the least.

"Look over here," it said, "Over by the exit door."

I spun around to find Garrett, looking sexier then ever. He had unbuttoned the first three buttons of his dress shirt and his sweaty hair was slicked back. He motioned for me to come closer, which, I had no problem with.

"I thought you left me," I said, casually swaying towards him and letting my purse drop from my shoulder, down to my clenched right hand.

"Leave you? Why would I do something that stupid?" he asked, leaning more into the wall.

"Well, a girl never can tell," I whispered, again smelling his wonderful cologne. 

As I moved closer, he reached out and slid his arms around my small waist, yanking my willing body to his. 

"Have I told you how sexy you are, Roxy?" he whispered, locking his gorgeous green eyes upon me. 

I couldn't speak, it was like my voice had suddenly taken a vacation. My throat was dry and my heart was racing. I wasn't sure whether it was the alcohol or him, possibly both, but most likely him. 

He leaned forward and pressed his soft, warm lips to mine, immediately slithering his tongue inside my mouth. His hands, again, dropped to my ass, only this time he didn't rub, he gripped, sending chills through my body. I felt my nipples instantly harden and my lace thong began to moisten. Words were irrelevant, at this point. I leaned on him, due to the fact that my knees felt as though they would buckle at any minute. I wrapped my arms around him and gently raked my long fingernails down his back. His lips moved from mine, over to my neck. His hot breath gave me even more chills and my soul was screaming his name.

"Let's go somewhere, I need you, Roxy," he whispered in my ear. 

I thought about leaving the girls, maybe telling them I was leaving, but decided against it when Garrett pushed my dress top down and exposed my large tits. His hand cupped my right breast and his mouth cupped my left one. I was completely lost in his touch. His breaths were heavy and he pressed his cock into me, almost demanding that we leave right this second. 

He stopped suddenly and grabbed my arm, pushing me into a small, musty back room that was littered with broken down pool tables and boxes of unopened liquor. He immediately locked the door and began walking over to me, slowly like an animal closing in on its prey. 

My ass was pressed into the corner of an old pool table and my dress was still pulled down, below my heavy tits. He finished unbuttoning his shirt, but left it on. Through his pants, I could tell he was a good eight inches, if not more. 

"How long has it been since a man's had his dick in you, Roxy?" he asked, slowly unbuttoning and unzipping his slacks. 

"It's been awhile," I whispered, taking a deep breath and a hard swallow. 

"Climb up onto the table," he instructed, "And slightly open your legs."

This was, without a doubt, one of the most erotic moments of my life! Usually, when I'm with a man, there's little talking and even less attention. He bends me over or I suck him off and we're finished. But, I could tell with Garrett, this would not be the case. 

"Open them further," he hissed, letting his pants fall to his ankles.

My eyes widened when his cock bounced free. It was thick and long and beautiful. His cock head was already engorged, very purple and very wet with pre cum. He stroked his dick while I opened my legs, revealing my lace thong.

"Do you shave?" he asked, walking closer towards me.

"Of course," I answered, thanking God I had taken a few extra minutes this morning in the shower to shave.

"Rub your tits a little," he whispered, "I want your nipples so hard they hurt you, baby."

I locked my eyes on his and slowly raised my hands, taking both nipples in my fingers and pinching them hard. 

It didn't take long at all for my sensitive nipples to rise, and as requested, they were hurting. 

Garrett licked his lips and smeared his thumb over his wet cock slit, gently wiping away the bubble of pre cum. He extended his arm and traced my lips with his forefinger, coating them with the salty residue of his seed. 

I groaned and gently tilted my head to the side, letting my long blonde hair fall over my naked shoulder. 

With his face just inches from mine, he reached down and began rubbing my pussy through my panties, pushing some of the material past my lips. He kissed me again as he pushed the panties inside and allowed his fingers to enter me. 

Oh God, I wanted to moan and scream so bad! His fingers were so warm and thick. Almost as if by experience, my legs opened up completely, giving him even better access to my cunt. 

I placed my palms on the torn velvet of the pool table, and leaned back, propping my heels on the corner. 

Suddenly, Garrett stopped and instructed me to get off the table and stand before him. 

I wouldn't say I was shocked, but definitely surprised. One minute he's got his fingers buried inside me, now he wants me to stand up. 

So, I nervously slid off the corner of the table and stood up, again feeling it press into my ass. 

"Take off the dress, but leave on the heels," he said, again rubbing his dick. 

I didn't move, for a second, or two, but eventually I did manage to finish removing my dress, kicking it across the room. 

"Now the panties," he whispered, "Come on, Roxy, let me see that sexy pussy."

Something about his words, instantly melted any embarrassment or shyness. I slowly, seductively slid my wet panties down, past my ass and off my body, kicking them over by my dress. 

"Mmmmm, thank you, that's what I wanted," he said, "Now, get back up on the table and lay down on your back."

I locked my eyes on his and obeyed his request, quivering as the cold metal table corner rubbed my ass and thighs. The velvet was rough on my back and my nipples had hardened even more. 

For a moment, Garrett stood there, taking in my body, then swiftly moved in and dropped to his knees. Before I could say a word, his mouth was cupped over my smooth pussy and his tongue was fucking me! I spread my legs again and placed my heels back up on the table. I reached down and dug my long nails into his head, pushing his mouth to me closer. My back arched and my body trembled. Never had I felt a man's tongue so gifted as Garrett's was. He bit my clit and flicked his tongue in and out of my juicy pussy. 

I looked up and watched the room begin to spin. All the broken down neon signs began to mesh into one and soon as I was completely lost. Garrett reached up and slid a finger into my dry asshole as his tongue fucked me mercilessly. He lapped and bit and fucked and sucked until my body was flopping and my hips were bouncing up and down, meeting his mouth. I begged him over and over to let me cum, and please don't stop. My orgasm was coming on very soon and very strong. I knew I couldn't hold it off much longer. 

Garrett then slammed a second finger into my asshole, opening me up even further. He slithered his tongue in and out of my pussy at the same rhythm his fingers were slithering in and out of my asshole. I couldn't hold off any longer.

"GARRETT!!!!!!!!!" I yelled, gripping his head and pushing his mouth, nose deep into my pussy, "OH GOD!!!!! OHHHHHH FUUUUUUUCK!"

Within seconds, my pussy erupted like an angry volcano, flooding Garrett's mouth and face with my hot, thick, sweet cream. My body was on over load and my mind was going in 40 different directions. I had never had such an intense orgasm in my life! Even after my orgasm slowed down, my body still twitched and trembled. Small drops of sweat had accumulated on my naked chest, decorating my tits like slivers of diamonds. My mouth was gaping open and my throat was so raw, I didn't even dare try to swallow. 

Finally, Garrett emerged from between my legs. His lips and face were shining and wet and he was ready to fuck. He wasted no time flipping me over onto all four's and grabbing my hips. In no time, he slammed his dick, balls deep into me and I could feel his cock tip punching my womb. I spread out my arms and grabbed onto the sides of the pool table, trying not to fall face first into the ragged velvet.

"Oh, fuck, your pussy's fucking tight, Roxy," he panted, digging his fingernails into my flesh and pulling my body backwards, even closer to his. 

His balls were so full they made a loud slapping sound each time he rammed his dick into me. I could feel my pussy walls caving in around his shaft and his veins vibrated inside me. My tits slammed into each other, causing my nipples to kiss with each thrust. My back arched and I threw my head back, showering my naked flesh with my sweaty blonde locks of hair. 

He told me over and over how mine was the best pussy he'd ever fucked and tasted. I think he was a bit buzzed, but I didn't care. Our attraction was obvious the second our eyes met, and honestly, it wasn't a question of if Garrett and I would fuck, just how soon. 

"Garrett! Garrett!" I chanted, over and over, feeling my stomach muscles tighten and that familiar scene of the room spinning. 

"Fucking yell my name, Roxy, yell it!!!" he hissed, driving his dick even further inside my cunt.

"GARRETT!!! GARRETT!!! FUCK MEEEEEEEE!!! DON'T STOP, OH GOD, PLEASE DON'T STOP!!!" I wailed, arching my back further and slamming into his body like a runaway train. 

"Oh, God!!!" he yelled, smacking my ass and pounding my pussy like a jackhammer, "I'm gonna flood you, baby!!!" 

"Cum!! Cum!!!" I chanted as my orgasm slammed into me, "OHHHHHHHH FUUUUUUUUCK!!!! OH GOD, GARRETT!!!"

Within seconds, I again released my cream, flooding his gorgeous cock, lubing him up.

"ROXY!!! ROXY!!!! OH FUCK!!!" He screamed, and, with one final thrust, he too, flooded me. 

I almost came again when I felt the warm rush of his cum ooze past my pussy walls. My elbows felt as though they were going to buckle and my whole body shook. I bit down on my bottom lip as Garrett slowly pumped my pussy, emptying the last of his load inside me. 

Not many words were said as we both tried to recover. Eventually, we both settled down and came back to our senses. Garrett pulled his pants back up and returned to his first impression appearance, leaving me lying there like a whore waiting on her $50.00. 

He gave my ass one final smack, then a kiss and whispered, "You club bitches never fail to surprise me."

And just like that, he left the room leaving me to wonder what in the hell just happened. After I finally got over my initial shame, I suddenly realized this would definitely be a kick ass first entry for my diary. So, I got dressed and stepped back out to the pounding music of the DJ and the dizzy strobe lights. My girls were ready to leave and had been looking for me. We finished our drinks, left the bartender a huge tip and bid another club farewell. 

And, tonight, as I sit here writing this, I can still feel Garrett's cum seeping from my pussy. Totally erotic!! What does next weekend hold? Who knows, but you can bet your ass I'll have it all in writing. 

Love, Roxy