 Entry Four

Dear Diary, 

It's been a few days since my little rendezvous with David and his father. I haven't written anything because there really hasn't been anything to tell, until now, and this is where it gets hot. 

I was in my bedroom this morning, doing my nails and jamming to the stereo, when my cell phone rang. Now, naturally, I thought it was one of my "sisters" calling me, but it wasn't. It was Bill, David's father. Immediately, I asked him how he had gotten my cell number and he just laughed and said, "Getting you wasn't hard and neither was getting your number," and he left it at that. 

We went on to talk a few minutes, recounting that night in the cottage and our secret threesome, and of course, this made my pussy very wet. 

I hinted to Bill that our conversation was turning me on, and he said the same thing. Seconds later, I had my fingers inside my panties, slowly stroking my bald pussy. I hadn't been touched since the kinky threesome and I was in need of attention. I whispered to Bill for him to remove his pants. He said he couldn't because he was at work, but, me being me, I did manage to persuade him, and we were off. 

"Tell me how your pussy feels, Roxy," he whispered into the phone.

"Oh, Bill, my pussy's on fire. It's so wet and warm, aching for another dick in me," I groaned, slowly slipping my first two fingers inside my cunt lips.

"Does that pussy miss my tongue?" he asked.

"Oh, God, yes," I moaned, "I need your tongue and your cock inside me, Bill."

I was getting hotter and hotter with each passing minute. I arched my back and began gently thrusting my hips upward, moaning as my fingers sunk in, knuckle deep. My nipples were so hard they actually ached and scenes from that night were racing through my mind.

"Roxy, tell me to fuck you," he whispered, obviously becoming short of breath, also. 

"Bill ... Bill, oh, God, Bill, fuck me! fuck me like the slut I am," I groaned, thrusting my hips faster as my pussy sloshed around my fingers.

"I've never tasted such a hot, sweet pussy, like yours in my whole life, Roxy," he moaned.

"That's because my pussy is the shit, baby," I panted, now thrusting wildly on my bed and shoving a third finger inside me.

"Oh, shit, you got that right, slut," he said, whispering my name, over and over. 

I could tell he was close to cumming and so was I. My pussy was throbbing and so wet it was getting hard to keep my fingers buried inside me. 

"Fuck, I'm gonna cum, baby," he groaned, and placed the phone down on the desk, in front of him so I could hear him. 

His groans and pantings were electric. He must have chanted my name a good 12 times, and this was all it took for me. I arched my back and put the phone down by my mouth, making sure he could hear me. My fingers slammed inside of me so deep, it actually hurt. With one hand, I finger fucked the shit out of my pussy, with the other hand, I went back and forth between my heavy, aching tits, rubbing and pinching my erect nipples. 

"OH, GOD, BILLLLLLLLL," I screamed, watching the room spin and actually feeling nauseous from climaxing so hard. 

I couldn't catch my breath and my heart felt like it was going to explode. Finally, I was able to gain my composure and I slowly slid my pruned fingers from my relaxed cunt, smiling as I noticed the blood smeared around my fingernails. 

Now, I know what you're thinking. Big deal, the old man called you and the two of you had phone sex, and normally, I would agree, BORING. But, this was not your average phone sex call. Yes, I got Bill off and yes, I had an amazing orgasm, but Bill also had a proposal for me.

"Roxy? Roxy, baby? You okay?" he asked, still obviously trying to catch his breath, too.

"I'm here, sorry, had to catch my breath, Bill," I whispered, pulling my panties back to their original spot. 

"Honey, listen, I have something very important that I want to ask you, but this must remain between you and I," he said.

"Ummm, okay, what is it, Bill? I asked, sitting up on my wrinkled blanket.

"First, let me say, I was extremely impressed with you the other night, and now today, also," he began.

"Thank you, Bill," I answered, reaching over and grabbing my nail file.

"Second, how would you feel about doing that for a living?" he asked.

"Doing what?" I asked.

"Having sex," he whipped back, "I think you could make a killing with the skills you have, baby."

Okay, this took me completely by surprise. I mean, yes, hell yes, I love sex, but the thought of making a living by being a prostitute never crossed my mind. The only experience I had with prostitution was the seven times I had watched Pretty Woman. 

"You want me to become a prostitute?" I asked, tossing my nail file across the bed.

"Don't tell me you've never thought about it," he said, "A girl with your skills did not come by them by accident."

I didn't know what to say. I just sort of sat there with my mouth gaping open for a few minutes, then finally was able to stutter out, "How much money do you think I could make?"

"Well, I can't give you an exact amount, Roxy, but I can tell you you would kick ass," he said, "I've already told some of my associates about you and they want to try you."

I could not believe it! Not only had this come out of nowhere, but now Bill tells me that he's basically been selling me and I had no idea.

But, then I came to my senses. I thought, hey, you DO love sex and you ARE great at it, why not make some money doing something that you're so gifted in. So, I made the arrangements with Bill, and tonight, I met my first trick.

Naturally, I was extremely nervous. I agreed to meet the man at a nearby hotel. Upon entering the lobby, a bellhop met me and ushered me into the elevator. 

"You're Roxy, correct?" he asked, not even turning around to look at me.

I was stunned, for a second, and meekly answered back, "Yes, I'm Roxy."

"Mr. Rowe is expecting you, room 812," he said, pushing the button for the eighth floor.

I remember my heart was racing and pounding in my ears, almost as if I was walking through a tunnel. The elevator zoomed us up rather quickly and soon, the doors opened. 

"Have a great evening, Roxy," smiled the bellhop, just as the elevator doors closed.

Looking around, I noticed all the doors were the same, some were even missing the room numbers. I paced up and down the hallway, nervously searching for room 812. 

Just then, a door swung open, and there was a very distinguished man, standing in a navy blue silk bathrobe.

"Roxy?" he asked.

"Yes," I answered, "I'm Roxy."

"Please, come in," he said, smiling and ushering me inside the room.

As I looked around, I noticed that the windows were all blackened out and there seemed to be no clothes, what did he come to the hotel in?

"Don't be afraid, Roxy. Bill has told me alot about you and I know you're nervous, this being your first time and all," he said, sitting down on the bed, "By the way, my name's Roger."

I wasn't really sure what I was supposed to do first, so I guess I must have looked really stupid just standing there, clutching my purse.

"Well, we only have an hour," said Roger, "Let's get started."

So, I nervously put my purse on the floor and began undressing, slowly unzipping my black leather mini skirt.

"Yeah, that's it, baby, I wanna see that body," whispered Roger, opening his bathrobe and revealing his large cock.

I remember I couldn't stop shaking. I couldn't stop looking at Roger's cock. It was so thick and the tip bubbled with pre cum. He slowly began stroking what must have been a good 10 inches, urging me to continue undressing.

I slid the mini skirt down to my ankles and followed it with my red lace panties. His eyes lit up when he got the first view of my bald pussy, and he began stroking a bit faster. Next, came my blouse, which was easy to get rid of, three buttons and it was history. Then, I removed my bra, slowly slipping it past my tits, making him wait a second or two to finally see my sexy nipples.

"God, you look hot," he whispered, standing up and taking his robe completely off. 

His cologne was thick and the room seemed so hot as he walked up behind me and slid his arms around my tiny waist.

"You remind me alot of my daughter," he whispered, nuzzling his mouth close to my right ear, gently biting on my earlobe. 

"Want me to call you Daddy?" I asked, reaching up and playfully cupping my heavy, sexy tits.

"Oh, God, yeah, call me Daddy," he whispered, biting down hard on my earlobe, "I want you to call me Daddy everytime we meet up like this."

There was something very erotic about that. Something about that that made my pussy go into overdrive. My nipples immediately hardened. 

"First, I wanna see how good you suck cock," he whispered, slowly pushing down on my hips, lowering me to my knees. 

I turned around, on my knees and faced him. His cock was only two inches from my face and he smelled like fresh soap. I reached up and put my hands on his hips and leaned forward, gently teasing his wet cock tip with my tongue. His pre cum was salty and so warm in my mouth. He slowly began rocking his hips forward, feeding me his dick. His hands laced through my long hair as his cock worked its way inside my throat. I gagged, at first, but quickly adapted to his thick shaft.

"Oh, shit, yes," he groaned, "Work my cock, baby."

I leaned forward more and sucked another couple of inches into my mouth. I swirled my tongue along the underside of his cock, while reaching down and fondling his balls. He began thrusting a bit faster, feeding me a couple more inches. 

I could feel my pussy beginning to drool and I knew I wouldn't be able to last much longer. So, I figured, maybe if I suck him off faster, we could get to the fucking faster. I reached around and teased his ass crack with my slender fingertips, and as my mouth finally sucked down the last few inches, I slipped a finger inside his asshole, gently opening him up.

He began to groan and his words were slurred, the first sign that a man is in the zone. I pumped my finger inside his asshole, then wiggled it around, opening him up further. I slammed my mouth down to the base of his cock, wrapping my lips around his flesh and sucking, almost like a baby on a bottle. My other hand fondled his balls faster, gripping them and rolling them around in my warm, small hand. 

His hips were driving forward like a machine and his groans were becoming louder and louder by the minute. His grip on my hair tightened and his cock grew thicker in my mouth. I could feel his balls getting tight and I knew he was close. 

"Oh, fuck, make me cum, slut," he groaned, pumping his cock faster into my mouth, "Don't fucking stop!!!"

Now that I had his asshole gaping open, I slid a second finger inside, ramming and wiggling it, knuckle deep. He grabbed my head with both hands and started skull fucking me, screaming out the name Angel. I assumed this was his daughter, so I didn't make a fuss.

Seconds later, his cock erupted inside my aching mouth, flooding my throat and tonsils with his sticky, hot seed. His body was trembling and his legs were shaking as I slowly slid my two fingers from his asshole. He was breathing hard and still slurring his words, but I didn't mind. 

After he had a chance to calm down, Roger slowly slid his softened cock from my mouth, patting me on the head and thanking me for a job well done. 

I assumed this was it, so I stood up and leaned over, reaching for my clothes on the floor. Just then, he walked up behind me and slid his hands onto my hips again, only this time, he wasn't interested in nibbling on my earlobe.

He pushed his cock tip against my ass and ordered me to lean forward. I remember being amazed that a man of his age could recuperate so fast. But, he did, and within seconds, his cock was balls deep in my ass. 

"I don't wanna run the risk of knocking you up," he said, slowly thrusting forward, pushing me further onto the bed. 

I arched my back and gripped the fluffy comforter on the bed into my fists. I threw my head back and showered my naked back with my long blonde hair. 

"Angel, tell Daddy you love his dick," he groaned, grabbing my ass and spreading my cheeks wide.

"Oh, God, Daddy, you know I fucking love your big dick," I moaned, knowing I would say anything, at this point, to have a dick inside me.

"Yeah, Daddy's gonna treat you good, baby," he groaned, "Daddy's gonna pay his slut extra well for this shit."

I groaned and quickly adjusted to the large cock shoved in my asshole. I had never had a dick that big inside my ass before. He had the length and the girth to make me sit up and take notice. 

"This is our secret, Angel, that means Mommy never finds out," he groaned, completely unaware, I'm sure, of where he was.

"Fuck me, Daddy," I screamed, "Fuck me hard!!!"

"Oh, shit, Daddy's gonna fuck you, baby, Daddy's gonna own this ass," he groaned, slamming his dick in and out of me, sending me face first into the bed.

I gripped the blanket tighter, so tight that my knuckles turned white. My back was completely arched and my pussy was drooling down my legs. My ass was high in the air and was beginning to ache and burn, but I knew there was no stopping Roger. He slapped my ass and kept driving his cock into me, showing me no mercy. His thrusts begin to quicken, as did his breaths and I knew he was close.

I slid my arm down, beneath me and jammed three fingers into my soaking wet cunt. I matched his thrusts, slam for slam, getting my asshole and pussy worked with the same rhythm. I leaned forward and bit into the blanket, moaning as my ass opened further.

"Angel, Daddy's gonna cum, baby, Daddy's gonna flood that ass!!" he moaned, planting his cock, balls deep, into my ass one last time.

One more loud, glass shattering groan and he erupted inside my ass, flooding me so deep I swore I tasted it in the back of my throat. 

I rode out his orgasm while having my own. I screamed and bit into the blanket harder to the point that my teeth actually ached. My back was fully arched and my ass was open as wide as it had ever been. 

Wave after wave of emotions swept through me as my cunt let loose and I creamed Roger's cock. My hips swayed back and forth as the room spun. I fought to catch my breath as Roger slid his sticky cock from my asshole.

"Damn, that was awesome," he whispered, reaching inside his bathrobe pocket and pulling out his wallet.

As for me, I collapsed on the bed, still feeling the effects of that monstrous orgasm. My fists finally unclenched and released the blanket, instantly tingling and becoming cold from the lack of blood circulation. 

I rolled over, onto my back just in time to see Roger pull out a hundred dollar bill. He tossed it on my stomach and whispered, "Same time next week?"

I smiled and agreed, finally getting up to get dressed. He gave me a soft kiss on my forehead and a swift smack on my ass as I walked towards the door. 

I sat, for a moment, behind the wheel of my car, thinking about what I had just done. For a second, or two, I was ashamed, but then remembered my pep talk from earlier. I did have skills and there was nothing wrong with cashing in on them. So, with a smile, I slid the money inside my purse and headed home. 

Now, as I sit here writing this, the shame has left me and a sense of self worth has taken its place. I was now a business woman. True, I wasn't a lawyer or a banker, but I was a business woman all the same. I have found a way to have sex, which I dearly love, and get paid for doing it. Think I'll go to bed and see what tomorrow holds for me.

Love, Roxy