 I opened my eyes and she was right there in front of me, soft wine-stained lips inches from mine. I closed my eyes again, expecting to wake up in my bed, cold and alone. Instead I felt pressure and parted my lips just slightly, before letting out a low moan as Ella's warm tongue slipped gently along my lower lip. She bit me gently and I growled wretchedly, grabbing her thighs and pulling her roughly into my lap, her legs astride me. Her weight felt fantastic; she slipped forward and the chair tilted back slightly, tipping her hips comfortably and firmly onto me. The heat of her was turning me on tremendously, in a way that was about to become pretty obvious; Ella rocked her pelvis and, feeling my erection, gave a throaty chuckle and kissed my throat. "Oh, it's like that, is it? I never knew."

Her kisses, sucking gently at my neck, rendered me momentarily speechless, and for a beat or two I just surrendered. Ella shifted her weight so she could press the middle seam of her jeans hard onto my cock, which by now was uncomfortably confined, and with the pressure I lost my composure, and grabbed her arse with one hand. The other hand flew to the back of her head, my fingers delving into her silky hair, and I pulled her lips to mine. I kissed her, deep and fluid, all thoughts of breaking this off gone from my mind. 

"You never knew?" I asked, my voice low and catching, pausing as I dropped kisses on her face and neck. "I- should- hope- not. You- have- been- abso-lutely- fucking- killing- me."

"I have?" she murmured, her breath hot against my ear. "I never did a thing. I can't believe my luck, I've wanted you so much..."

My cock, already agonisingly swollen, twitched at her words. I couldn't believe this ridiculously sexy and wonderful woman had ever, even fleetingly, thought of me like that. There was no way I was going to mess this up; there was no way this was going to be anything other than wonderful. A detached voice, distant in my mind, asked me if I felt guilty- I didn't. I couldn't have cared less. Ella brought me back to the moment by leaning forward, her breasts flattened against my chest. "This chair will probably give way", she giggled. I had to concede, and we both looked at the small sofa, pushed against the back wall of the office. The only reason we hadn't been sitting there before was that I was terrified to be in such close proximity to her- now I wanted her on there, so I could put my hands and mouth all over her. 

Ella clambered off my lap, and we smiled awkwardly at one another for a moment, before she chucked her knitted wrap onto the floor in a deliberately mocking stripper's flourish. I burst out laughing.

"I'm going to assume a comfortable position, and you should come and demonstrate exactly what you've been thinking of in your private moments", she said teasingly, and sat down on the couch, slumping so she was almost lying down, her legs swung out in front. I stopped laughing pretty quickly then; laid out in front of me, eyes heavy, lips swollen and full from kissing me, nipples stood proudly and poking sublimely through her thin vest...surely it was a dream, but no. My raging cock was creating an obscene tent in my trousers, and I felt sure it would explode before I'd even got started on her. 

Ella undid her fly buttons, and my mouth went dry at the sight of her smooth, curvy belly, the top of her lace knickers stretched across. I kneeled between her feet, and peeled her jeans off her. Her skin was luminescent, the tiny golden hairs on her thighs catching the lamplight. I could smell her arousal; I have never been so turned on in my life. Every fibre of my being wanted to free myself, spread her wide and plunge my cock into her, but I resisted. 

I looked up at her face; Ella had closed her eyes and put her arms above her head, a sweet smile playing on her lips. I kneeled up and pressed my erection against her again, drawing a low gasp from her, and slid my hands up her smooth flanks, lifting her top until my fingers met the swell of her breasts- she was wantonly braless. Taking a deep breath to steady myself, I pulled her vest up to her collarbone, revealing the full golden perfection of her; a ragged moan escaped me as I palmed her breasts, feeling her swollen and sensitive nipples in my hands. Ella tipped her head back a little; I leaned up and kissed the hollow of her throat. 

"Please", she uttered, in a tiny, wanting voice. "Please..."

I retreated, trailing kisses across her shoulder, and breathed hotly over her left nipple. Her breath caught and she arched her back, her hand grabbing the back of my head. I massaged her sex with my cock and made concentric circles around her nipple for a few moments, as she whimpered, before lapping at the little nub. Ella convulsed and cried out, and overcome by lust, I licked and sucked both nipples ravenously, holding her hips with both hands so I could grind against her as I did so. Ella writhed in my grip, and I couldn't resist- I held onto her and ran my tongue across her stomach, her hip bones, her inner thighs, all while pinching and rolling her nipples, which stood tall and proud, like two delicious strawberries. I sat back for a moment to catch my breath, and take in the view; Ella was panting, her skin beaded with sweat and glowing, her breasts heaving and her legs wide open. Her black knickers were lacy, and barely covering her pussy- a big patch of luscious dampness had formed, and I wanted to remove them, and have her gloriously naked and wet before me. Wait, I shouted in my head, over my pounding heart. Wait. Give her everything, you may never get another chance. 

Before I could do anything else, Ella stood up suddenly, drawing me to my feet. Oh no, I thought, aghast. Please don't stop me now. I want to make you come, you beautiful, brilliant girl. I want to make you scream. She draped an arm languidly around my neck, and kissed me deeply, her tongue playing with mine. My hands were frantically undoing my belt and flies, which suddenly seemed to be the most difficult thing in the world- I didn't want to break the spell, I needed her touch more than anything I'd ever needed. I realised I was murmuring out loud, in between kisses. "Jesus fucking Christ, Ella, I have to...I've got to...oh fuck, I want you so fucking much..." 

As my trousers mercifully fell away, Ella pulled her lips from mine, and whispered hotly in my ear, "I want you. My pussy is dripping for you. But I want you in my mouth first." 

She sank to her knees before I had chance to respond; lucky for me she did, as she grabbed my thighs quickly and braced me. The effect of her words had caused my own knees to buckle; without her help I think I'd have hit the deck. I closed my eyes, unable to cope with the sight of her face so near my cock, until I heard her voice again: a low exhalation of delight. "Woah. Damn." 

I glanced down and was a little surprised. I'm not the most confident bloke, but I'm not at all unhappy with what I'm packing. What Ella didn't realise is that she was getting the biggest, hardest erection I'd ever sported in my entire life- clearly all my fantasising and masturbating over her had primed me to be absolutely beside myself at the prospect of fucking her. My cock was so swollen that it was practically touching my stomach, the head fat and shiny, and I was astonished to see I was glistening with juicy pre-come, my boxers sodden. 

Ella's tongue approached my glans and I squeezed my eyes shut again- there was no way I could handle watching her do this. My wife flat out refused to suck me and it had been a seriously long time. And, of course, it was her doing it.

I felt her breath, and then a feather-light brush across the very tip. I let out a strangled moan and my hands flew to her head, just so I could wrap them in her hair. She circled the head of my cock with her wet tongue, and I could feel my pulse hammering against it. It was exquisite agony. As Ella continued to tease me, I realised she was going to make me beg her. I was desperately, painfully aroused, and words were a big ask at that moment, so I gulped and panted until I thought I could say it.

"Ella. Oh, Jesus fuck Ella, please..."

"Yes?" I glanced down at her as she tongued the sweet spot on the underside of the head of my cock. My knees nearly went again. She smiled angelically and I knew she was tormenting me deliberately; it brought out something dominant in me that I didn't know was there. I grabbed her with both hands; with one I stroked her shoulder, but with the other I pulled her hot little mouth onto me.

"Just suck me, for fuck's sake!"

Ella relaxed and I moaned as my rampant cock filled her, the head rubbing the bottom of her throat. She made a gentle gagging sound, and I nearly came there and then. I pulled out quickly, dropping my hand from her head, and she threw her head back, looking me straight in the eye and drawing a deep breath. 

"I'm sorry", I pleaded, my chest heaving. "You're so fucking sexy, you make me feel amazing. I can't cope with it." Ella smiled and gently picked my hand back up, placing it on the back of her head. I wound my fingers through her hair again. "Keep doing that," she whispered. "I love that you want to be a bit rough with me."

The next minute or two passed in a hot, dirty, horny blur. Ella's head bobbing forward and back, her soft, moist lips sliding up and down, caressing my shaft, her tongue lashing the head of my cock, every sensitive spot alight. Her beautiful tits swayed, low moans escaping her whenever my erection wasn't stuffed down her throat. I could feel my climax building and didn't want it to happen, but what guy has the presence of mind to pull his raging erection from the throat of the sexiest woman he's ever known? 

I made the mistake of looking down at her and realised that she was busy with her hands; one was holding the knickers aside, while the other was feverishly at work, massaging her sopping clit. It was too much, and my head swam as I convulsed, my orgasm hitting me like a train. I pulled Ella's head onto my cock and she continued to pump her lips up and down, as jets of thick, hot come streamed down her throat. As my climax abated, I sank to the ground, and she did the same; I rested my head on her stomach.

"Holy shit", I said, when my voice returned. "I didn't mean to do that. I couldn't help it. You're incredible." 

Ella's voice was teasing and laced with mock outrage. "Well, it's ok for you, isn't it? Don't you think I'd like to come?" I smiled against her skin and sat up on one elbow, kissing her inner thigh. She moaned gently. "Well, yes, I suppose that's fair. Don't move."

I dragged her soaking knickers down her thighs, and threw them to one side. I settled on my stomach, face between her thighs, and nudged them further apart with my hands, drinking in the view of her arousal. I was delighted to find her sex was completely smooth; I don't have a preference, really, but it meant I could really see her, every delicious fold. Her pussy was already very swollen and wet, her labia ruddy, her clit fat and large from her own touch. She was glistening and juicy, so unbelievably ready. 

I parted her pussy lips with my thumbs, running the fleshy pads up and down the slick folds, which drew a gasp from Ella. I could now see inside her, and I felt my cock lurch again at the thought of bottoming out in her delicious snatch. I flicked my tongue across her engorged clit, and she arched her back and yelped.

"Ohhhhh, James, please do that again..." she moaned, her hands in my hair. I grabbed both her wrists with one hand, lifted her bottom with the other, and shoved her hands under her. "Don't touch," I said gently, and quickly moved up to kiss her, tasting my come on her lips. "I'm in no hurry."

I tongued her clit with light strokes, massaging her thigh gently with one hand, while teasing her entrance with the fingers of my other hand. Ella trembled and whimpered, thrusting her mound into my face; she was so turned on, her juices getting everywhere. I slipped my finger into her, and found her hot and delectably lubricated, her strong internal muscles squeezing me. I could hear words coming from her now, wretchedly begging me. Words I'd have happily sold my soul to hear. 

"Fuck me, please, fuck me. I need you inside me. I'm desperate for you. Please...!"

As I moved up her body, Ella freed her hands, and reached down. She stroked my face tenderly with one hand as she kissed me, and the other gripped the base of my erection, guiding me to her slippery slit. Bracing on my arms, I made tiny movements with my hips, gliding the head of my cock up and down in her wetness. We were both beside ourselves by now, kissing feverishly and mumbling in our arousal. She, telling me I'm driving her crazy, begging me to take her, and me, moaning that she's everything, that she's my muse, my goddess, and that I want to make her come so goddamn fucking hard. 

With a low growl and a surge, my cock nudged her open and slid into her, her hot pussy clutching at me. She hissed through her teeth as I stretched her, surprised at my size. Her heat and wetness were so unbelievably good; I pushed into her until my hips were resting on hers, and found myself looking into her eyes. I couldn't believe I had my erection buried in the dripping wet pussy of this fucking wonderful angel, who was arched against me now, breasts surging, lips parted, eyes locked onto mine. God, this woman. I'd never be sorry for this, never.

I drew a long, slow breath, as I withdrew my cock from her clinging vagina. She whimpered with loss and grabbed my hips with both hands- it was all the encouragement I needed. I flung my arms under her shoulders for leverage, lowered my weight onto her, and began to really ream her, slamming in and out of her again and again. The feeling of her pussy drawing me into her, gripping my cock, was so good that I knew, despite having come already, another mind-blowing orgasm was definitely in the post. Ella pushed me back and I braced myself on my arms again, watching her hand reach down. She began rubbing her clit vigorously, and I realised she was close. I looked down and enjoyed the incredible view of my thick length surging in and out of her dewy pussy lips, her fingertips a blur as she worked her clit. With a sudden jolt, Ella threw back her head, dug her nails into my shoulder, and gripped my cock so hard that I couldn't pull out of her; a ragged cry rang from her throat.

"Ohhhhhh fucking yesssss!" she cried. I jerked my hips, slammed into her, and cried out, coming deep inside her. I dropped my body onto her and continued to twitch as I filled her up, panting against her shoulder, my come running out of her entrance and onto the rug. She shuddered and held me; for long moments we lay there and tried to get our composure back. 

As my pulse slowed I began to feel cold; I pulled free of her and struggled back into my clothes, awkwardly handing her the vest, jeans and knickers that were flung haphazardly around the tiny office. I wrapped her in my arms and we sat on the sofa, her head on my shoulder. 

"You're an angel," I said, finally. "What am I going to do?"