   This story, although written to stand alone, is a prequel to the first one I submitted to Literotica called,” Welcome to the Neighborhood.”  I also hope to add further stories of the lives of this couple.  Let me know if you like it.                

  Thank you,   TamaraX.

********

  Alexandra couldn’t believe her good fortune.  The man she had been fantasizing about for the last two weeks had been flirting with her all morning.  From the moment she had first set eyes on him at the art museum in Venice, he had captivated her.

  Alexandra Portibella looked like a centerfold incarnate.  Her tall, Ruebenesque figure and dark, olive complexion would bring the dead to life.  Her hair was a lustrous black worn in an elaborate, braided bun at the back of her neck.  Her countenance was classic Roman with large, smoldering, dark eyes, a long, straight nose and strong jaw-line.  Her mouth was wide with full, sensuous, pouting lips and dazzling, white teeth that were displayed in her ever-present smile.  The clothes she usually wore were loose, revealing, silk dresses that clung to her full, curvaceous figure accentuating every luscious asset; provocative yet tasteful.  Soft, round shoulders and a long, delicate neck guided one’s gaze downward to her large, firm, ski-sloped breasts that were occasionally glimpsed through the plunging necklines of her attire.  Her nipples and aureole were dark and perched atop the full teardrops of her breasts, easily discernable through the sheer fabric of her dress.  Her tummy was flat, with only a slight trace of the roundness of a mature woman.  When she walked through crowds, heads of men and women alike turned to watch the graceful swing of her firm, pear-shaped derriere.  Her legs were long and shapely, with smooth knees, sculpted calves, trim ankles, and perfectly formed feet and toes, which begged to be licked and sucked.

  Several times, Alexandra had encountered him that morning as he had toured the streets of the city.  On one occasion, she had brushed against him, as if on accident, in the crowd and had met his mumbled apology and appreciating gaze with a seductive grin.  His cock had immediately sprang to full attention, creating a embarrassingly obvious tent in his tailored trousers.  She glanced downward and grinned wickedly at the proof that she had achieved a deliberate, desired effect on him.

  “Oh excuse me,” Alexandra cooed, “You must think I am terribly rude!”  Her voice was low and husky with melodious undertones.

  “Oh no, it was nothing!” the man stammered, “I rather liked it!”   His face seemed to register shocked disbelief at what he had just said to her.

  ‘So I see!” the beauty replied teasingly.  “My name is Alexandra, and yours?”

  “Er, Michael,” he replied, “Pleased to make your acquaintance. You are the most attractive sight I’ve seen here!”  Again he appeared flabbergasted at what he was saying to her.  “I wonder, if you’re not busy, could I persuade you to show me around this beautiful city?”  Nothing ventured, nothing gained, she thought to herself; and she desperately wanted to keep this man near her for awhile.


  “Why yes, I would love to escort such a handsome gentleman around the city!” Alexandra cajoled, “But you have to promise to keep me entertained.” 

  Alexandra was thoroughly enjoying the company of the attractive man she had just met.  After the last six months of hell she had endured with her estranged husband, she wanted to enjoy a little sport with the opposite sex.  And truthfully, this handsome American more than piqued her interest; she was spellbound.  He was tall and well built with broad shoulders, a trim waist, and a nice, muscular butt that was complimented well by the tailored suit he was wearing.  His thighs were thick as well as his arms, which were long and ended in big hands with thick, strong-looking, well-manicured fingers.  Short, reddish hair, stylishly groomed, wide, green eyes, a broad smile and soft jaw-line gave him the open, boyish face of a friendly, gentle youngster. This worked to offset his formidably powerful body; and the demeanor of a mature, self-confident man.  And judging from the quick appraisal she had given his reaction to her, he had other impressive, physical attributes yet to be explored!

  Alexandra and Michael spent most of the morning wandering around Venice. They walked arm in arm along the crowded avenues of the city.  She pointed out the usual attractions that drew tourists from all over the world.  They sat close together comfortably while taking a gondola tour of the city’s scenic waterways.  Other tourists, who saw them, thought they were a newly wedded couple on honeymoon.  The two of them chatted as though they had been friends for years and found they had much in common.  Both had been married for several years and had divorced within the last year.  Also, they were both fond of children.  Michael had a teen-aged daughter, Marielle, but Alexandra was childless, as her ex-husband had not wanted children.

  As they talked, their conversation inevitably drifted toward the subject of sex.  Again it was obvious they shared a common attitude about matters of lust, passion and love.  Alexandra confessed to Michael that her biggest complaint about her former husband was that he was too possessive and lacked a sense of adventure in regard to sex.  Michael told her about the frequent battles that he had had with his ex-wife whenever he suggested that they try something different or explore other avenues of their sexuality.  

  “Have you ever made love to a woman in a public place, Michael?” Alexandra teasingly asked him as she brazenly reached over and stroked the inside of his thigh and his cock through his trousers.  She leaned over and breathed in his ear; “I’ve been admiring this all morning!”

   Flustered yet trying to come across in a cavalier manner, he replied, ”No, what do you have in mind?”

   Alex responded by kissing him passionately, probing his mouth with her tongue while squeezing his hard cock through his pants.  Needing no further invitation, Michael laid his hand on her thigh and slid it up under her dress and straight to her uncovered, wet pussy.  She gasped against his lips and slightly opened her thighs to give him easier access to her sex.

  The heat and moistness of her was incredible. Alexandra scooted her perfect ass forward to urge Michael’s fingers into her welcoming pussy.  He obliged by working a thick middle finger into her tight crevice and playing his index finger along the lips of her womanhood.  Her tongue tangled with his and she moaned lustfully into his mouth, at the same time working his zipper down over the awesome bulge in his trousers.

  As the gondolier looked on open-mouthed, Alex reached into Michael’s open fly and freed his throbbing eight inches of swollen cock.  Michael groaned loudly and pulled his lips from Alexandra’s to nuzzle his way down her neck, nibbling lightly as he went. Alexandra leaned her head back and slowly stroked the massive tool in her hand.  Michael added a second finger in Alexandra’s clenching cunt and thrummed his thumb rapidly over her engorged clitoris.  Alexandra slid her loosely closed hand up around the helmet of Michael’s cock and slid her thumb over the oozing slit, smearing his copious pre-cum all over the purple, plum-sized head of his cock.  She then released his cock and brought her thumb to her lips to suck the sweet, salty fluid off.  Alexandra loved the taste of this man and craved the texture of his cock in her mouth.

  Unable to contain her ravenous desire for him, Alexandra fluidly slid down into the floor of the gondola, between Michael’s open legs.  Gazing up at him with seductive eyes, she stuck her tongue out and licked the pearl of pre-cum oozing from the slit of the treat before her.  Michael’s turgid member lurched in response to the silken caress of Alex’s tongue, and he groaned in pleasure.  Indulging herself, Alex rubbed the sensitive underside of Michael’s helmet across her lips and tonguetip; then slid it down her chin and throat.  Kissing his belly, Alex continued pressing Mike’s cock against her warm, soft skin and teasing it down her body until she had him nestled between her firm, full tits.  Then as she cupped her tits and pressed them around his shaft, she bent her head down and began swirling her tongue around the head of Mike’s cock.

  By this time Michael was oblivious to the presence of the gondolier, who was watching intently and sporting an obvious erection of his own.  Michael only had eyes for the awesome spectacle of Alexandra expertly fellating him, and ignored everything around him except the feeling of her fantastic tits mashed around his cock.  He reached down and wrapped his hands in her long, black hair and began sliding his cock through the valley of her tits.  Alexandra was now able to part her full lips and allow Mike to push his cockhead into her hot, hungry mouth.  Swirling her tongue around the bulb of his helmet and sucking avidly, she was soon fucking his cock with her mouth rapidly.  Freeing him from her tits, Alex hollowed her cheeks in around his cock, pushed her tongue out between her lower lip and the shaft, and slid her mouth down the entire length of him. Once she was nuzzling the base of his cock and had the head worked into her throat, she began to hum around him and twist her head from side to side. 

  Michael couldn’t take much of this kind of treatment much longer, as it had been a long, long time since he had felt anything as incredible as Alexandra’s ministrations.  He began pulling her head tighter to his crotch and fucking himself at her face with animal abandon.  This of course was exactly what Alex wanted.  Sliding her suctioning lips and cheeks rapidly up and down the full length of Mike’s lovely cock, and expertly working her tongue against the sensitive parts, she grasped his full nuts and began massaging them.  With a loud grunt and tensing every muscle in his body, Michael gave up holding back and burst into Alex’s mouth and throat.  His ejaculate was so thick and erupted with such force, that it squirted out around Alex’s lips.  After three voluminous blasts down her throat, she let him slip free of her imprisoning lips and shoot his remaining load onto her face and tits; milking his cock firmly to encourage every drop out of his balls.
Rising up his body, dragging her thinly covered erect nipples along his chest, Alex planted her come flecked lips to Michael’s and slid her coated tongue deeply into his mouth. He had never been offered his own cum like this before and was surprised at the rather pleasant taste of it.

  Breaking the kiss and leaning back a little, Alex asked, ”Well, you like?” 

 All Michael could say was, “My God Alexandra, I’ve never experienced anything like that in my life!’ “But now let me see if I can impress you the same way.” 

  Then he lifted her to her feet and seated her beside him on the gondola’s cushioned bench.  Leaning her back, he began to tenderly kiss her forehead, her eyes, and her cheeks.  When he began to run his hands up and down the sides of her thighs, caressing the soft skin and exploring the firm tone of the underlying muscle, Alex sighed and leaned her head back.  She moaned softly as he worked upward, his fingers gently kneading and moving in small circles on her legs.  As his hands were working up her thighs, his lips and tongue were moving along her jaw-line.  He kissed a trail back toward her ear. She was afraid he was going to make the frightful error of putting his tongue in her ear; a disgusting practice some men seem to find erotic.  But then he surprised her by simply nibbling and pulling lightly at her earlobe and kissing her behind the ear then running his tongue down the path of her pulse along the side of her lovely neck.  When he reached the nape of her neck and shoulder, he made her gasp loudly when he bit her almost sharp enough to draw blood.  The pleasure-pain was quite unexpected and raised her state of arousal several degrees.

  Michael’s hands had by this time reached the curve of her ass and lifted it slightly off the bench so he could slide them under her.  Alex had had to open her legs wider to allow his body between them, so she draped them over his shoulders.  She leaned her head back further to relish the exquisite pleasure this handsome, talented man was bringing her.  Her hands caressed his head as he licked his way down her collarbone to the fragrant valley between her tits.  Mike lingered there for several seconds kissing and licking his cum from the insides of her soft tits, then took the fabric of her dress between his teeth and drew it to the side, exposing her hard, sensitive nipple.  Moving his head slightly he sucked the underside of her tit into his mouth and brushed his nose against the nipple.  Alex arched her back pushing herself to him.  Her ex-husband had never taken the time to be as thorough when he kissed her tits.  He had always gone straight for the nipple as though it was the only feature on her chest.  Mike continued sucking and kissing around the splendid globe of her tit, along the side and across the top, still keeping his lips and tongue from her tingling nipple.  When he finally ran his tongue in tight circles around her aching nub, Alex moaned in delight and rolled her head back further causing her tits to jut out. Mike paused and blew a stream of air across her nipple then followed with a quick nip of his teeth.

  Alex cried out and went over the edge.  This was another first for her; she had never had an orgasm from having her tits played with.  While she shuddered in ecstasy, Mike suckled her lovely nipple and rolled it with his tongue.  As she began to recover, he moved back to look at her while he pushed her dress up around her waist.  Alex watched him as he licked his upper lip and bent toward her womanhood.  Unconsciously, she held her breath as Mike started kissing the insides of her thighs and continued massaging her ass.  When he reached the junction of her thighs he began running his tongue up and down either side of her labia.  Alex grabbed his ears; no longer able to bear the torture he was putting her through.  She twisted his head so that his tongue grazed her wet, shaven lips and growled in desire.  When he pushed his tongue into her she threw her head back and screamed aloud.

  Her eyes flew open and she saw the gondolier standing right above her with his erection in his hand masturbating furiously.  As Mike covered her pussy with his mouth and sucked her nectar from her flowing font, Alex made eye contact with the gondolier and licked her lips invitingly.  Needing to relieve the pressure the couple had kindled in him, the gondolier knelt at the goddess’s head and put his throbbing cock to her lips.  Alex eagerly sucked him into her mouth not hesitating to take it entirely back in her throat.  As she was deep throating the man, Mike was fucking her hot, tight pussy with his long, thick tongue.  The sensations of having two men enjoying her body drove Alex into a frenzy.  Her lovely ass lifted to grind her sex hard against Mike’s talented tongue and her mouth filled with hot saliva around the gondolier’s throbbing cock.  Within seconds the oral ministrations pushed Alex into another climax.  She began shaking violently and thrashing her hips so wildly, that she nearly unhinged Mike’s jaw.  She released a torrent of her juices, which Mike eagerly drank and sucked, from her spasming pussy.  A few moments later the gondolier reached his own peak, a thick wad of cum gushed into Alex’s throat.  She swallowed as much as she could then released the cock from her mouth to allow it to empty onto her face.

  Alex collapsed onto the bench, licking cum from her lips and scooping it onto her tongue from her cheeks with her fingers.  With a mumbled,”Graci”, the gondolier climbed back up to his position at the helm.  She smiled at Mike as he moved up beside her and said, ”I hope I didn’t offend you but the poor man was in such discomfort!”

  Michael replied by admitting that since they had provoked the gondolier’s reaction to their public display, it was indeed only fair if she wanted to bestow her favor on him.  Besides, who was he to approve or disapprove of her sexual appetites?  Alex felt sure in her heart that her life had changed forever.  Here was a man that was so handsome, so charming, so confident, and so fair and honest that she knew they were destined to spend their lives together.  She leaned against him and snuggled her face into his neck and asked him if he would accompany her home to her villa tonight.  Michael eagerly agreed as he too had felt the world spin in a new direction for him.