 I felt pretty spent after my steamy romp with Kelly and Jax, so I thought I'd take a shower. Thank god I had thrown on a towel in anticipation because my bag had just been delivered, and the nice man who dropped it off didn't get a full view of my dick. Considering I'd be here a while I decided to put what little I had, a single change of casual clothes and a formal set for the wedding, into the drawers. Fuck the hangers, I'll iron if I have to. Opening the top one closest to the bathroom revealed several pairs of swimming shorts neatly folded away. It seemed weird, but being so close to the pool I figured it was an amenity of the resort. It only took a few seconds to thumb through them before I found a size closest to my fit. They were black with red chili peppers on them, but what the hell. I put the damn things on. Shower can wait, I thought. 

Once to the pool, my excitement for a cool dip fell quite a bit when I realized the sunbathers from before had up and left. It was a shame, to be sure, but the water looked awesome, so I dove into the deep end with a smile. A bit cold, but refreshing, which was something I needed after having just shot all of my energy into a strange blond. In just a few minutes I felt revitalized, ready to take on the world. 

Choosing to swim a few laps, I let my mind wander through the exercise. I was still perplexed by the fact my ex-stepmother even invited me to this place. I hadn't seen her anywhere yet, but that wasn't saying much. The grounds seemed enormous. Whoever was paying for the whole mess had probably spent the last month crying themselves to sleep. The most likely run-in with Sara would come at the dinner in a few hours. Hell, I didn't even know what I would say when I saw her. Whatever it would be, it'd probably be uncomfortable as shit. 

I approached the deep end again to take a quick breather, and while grabbing the side, saw two people watching me. Blocking the sun with my hand, I could see a nice looking girl with ripped jean shorts and a skin-tight white t-shirt. She was certainly fit, probably in her thirties, and had her blond hair in a tight ponytail. It was obvious she wore no bra because I found myself staring at her pert nipples straining at the material. The look on the man's face next to her told me I was indeed staring. 

"Afternoon," he grumbled out. 

I only gave him a quick glance, but right away I could tell he was a stuffy ass. His cargo shorts and pink polo screamed trust fund, or maybe golf pro, but certainly not friendly. "Hey there." 

The woman smiled and crouched down in front of me, dragging her hand in the water. "Oooh, feels nice Chris. We should get in." 

"Not right now, Debbs," was his retort but I hardly heard it. I was concentrating on the exposed labia on each side of her tight shorts. The crotch material, what there was of it, forced her mound apart. I could tell she sunbathed nude because the soft pouty skin was sensationally tanned. It was so close to my face I wanted to lean forward and smell it. A woman like that probably liked it kinky. A bit of an exhibitionist. 

"Bride or groom," Chris said plainly. He was looking over his glasses, wise to my leering. 

I pushed up against the pool's edge to hide my growing erection. "Uh, bride... sort of." 

Chris scoffed, "Sort of? What does that mean?" 

"Oh give him a break," Debbs said playfully, splashing the water with her hand. "We don't even know the guy. Don't interrogate him." Her look to me bordered on interest. "Where are you staying?" 

"The building right there," I motioned. 

"Oh great! We're right at the end. Maybe we'll get to hang out later." 

I felt my dick twitch. "I'd be up for that." 

It seemed Chris had enough with our conversation and he took Debbs by the arm, guiding her to a stand. "Yes... later. Maybe. We have people waiting for us baby." With that, Debbs gave me a wave and they headed away. 

Just before they left the pool area, Chris looked back at me, pushing his expensive-looking sunglasses back to his eyes. It seemed to be a tiny 'fuck you.' I didn't know the guy from Adam but already expected no less from him. It gave me a healthy chuckle. It's not like I went out of my way and said I'd like to fuck his girlfriend or anything. I was always good about keeping my space from attached females, but for some reason, Debbs got to me. Maybe it was the sun. 

I'd had enough of swimming and doing so with a boner would have probably proved painful, so I hopped out. I then realized I hadn't even brought a towel. Of course. Looking around, I saw a small structure that looked to be an outdoor bathroom. Nearing it, dripping, there was a small hanging showerhead and a door next to it. If there was a towel, it'd be in there. 

All ready to swing it open, I found my senses aroused by a pungent odor. It wasn't offensive, or even sour. It was most certainly weed. To the left of the door was a small fenced alcove that ran behind the shack. I knew there had to be someone smoking back there and suddenly had the urge for a toke. Nobody knows me here, I again assured myself before strolling around the corner. To my surprise, what I found was an employee of the resort puffing away in the shade on a small pipe. And a cute little Asian to boot. 

Her light green polo said 'The Grandure' over her tiny left breast. She could barely be a b-cup, but it was frighteningly sexy attached to what had to be a slender five-foot-one frame. The full package ended with white walking shorts that tucked tightly between her silky legs. She hadn't even noticed me yet as she brushed away long black hair and brought the pipe back to her slim lips. 

"Oh...uh, shit," she squeaked out, freezing with her lighter to the bowl. 

"This is probably a bit jarring for you," I smiled, "so let's just start slow. I'm Alex." I gave her a salute in an attempt to disarm the situation. 

"I... I... well." Her stammering stopped and she rolled her eyes in defeat. "You're a guest, right?" 

"I am." 

"I suppose you're going to rat me out for smoking pot. Get me fired. Wonderful." 

I walked over to her with my hands out. Gesturing to the pipe I grinned, "may I?" 

"You- wanna smoke," she questioned. Nervously, she handed it over with the lighter. 

Meeting her dark brown eyes with a wink, I lit it and pulled in a long drag. The shit was way harsh, and I nearly coughed but evened out my exhale enough to attempt looking suave. Almost right away I could feel a mellow buzz invade my head. I gave it one more quick hit before handing it back. It had been a while, but I liked it. "Do this a lot at work?" 

"Probably more than I should, but it's a shit job. Honestly, if it didn't pay so well I'd quit." 

Her voice was soft and a bit high pitched. Something I always found sexy. I'd had a weakness for Asians since my first girlfriend in college. I liked her a lot, but things never went anywhere. I didn't even get in her pants, but she could do things to my cock with her mouth that sometimes seemed unreal, always finishing me quickly. I was thinking of that wet mouth as I watched my new friend wrap her lips around her pipe again. 

"So, am I busted," she asked while holding in a hit. 

"I wouldn't let a sexy thing like you get pinched." 

Her burst of laughter blew wafts of smoke in my face. "Even stoned that was a shit line, Alex." 

"Well, you remind me of someone I used to know." 

"We're you close?" 

"Not close enough," I said with a slide closer to her. Her body smelled a mixture of pot and sweat. It sent a warm pulse through my member. 

"I'm Lisa," she said with a touch to my shoulder. "So, what now?" 

With the weed kicking in, I was reminded of the days I smoked a lot. It always made me feel invincible, able to tackle anything. As I looked at Lisa, I felt those same drives. I wanted to see how far I could take it with the little Asian beauty. I leaned into her, "I'm never one to smoke and run." 

She giggled a bit, covering her mouth. It was adorable. I took it as relaxation and moved in for the kill. I figured if it didn't work, we'd just go our separate ways. With confidence, I placed a gentle kiss on her lips, feeling their softness. It was wonderous to feel her mouth open up to me and I let my tongue begin to explore hers. Not only didn't she move away, but quickly I felt her hands slide up and down my bare shoulders. I couldn't tell where the heat of the day and the heat between us met, but my sex drive was running laps around my groin through the steaminess of it all. 

"Is this ok," I whispered. 

She answered by pressing up against me, smashing her pert little chest against my pecks, and began dragging her tongue along my neck. "Let's just play out the moment," she finally cooed. 

I wasted no time pulling at her tight polo. Lisa raised her arms and I ripped it over her head. She was wearing a slim white braw with a clasp in the front. Pulling at it, it released the two most precious little titties. They barely hung but had perfectly round little areolas gripping nipples that stuck out like erasers. I took one into my mouth, nibbling it between my teeth, which gave her a squeak. Dragging my tongue to the other, I gave it the same play, coating the nipple with my saliva. 

Lisa was busy on my trunks, pulling them down enough that they fell to my feet. Her tiny hand took up the growing length of my cock, making it look enormous. "Hey there, big boy." She pulled away from my greedy mouth to take another hit from her pipe, smiling like a sly slut. Dropping to her knees, she blew a fog of smoke onto my waiting cock. It flinched with anticipation. Without any further words, she opened wide to accommodate my girth. One sliding move had the length of me in her scorching mouth. My head was now beading with sweat, but I didn't care. We were both burning up in the heat and it only left us wanting more. 

She began a slow sucking, her cheeks pulling in hard around my shaft. All the while her tongue was expertly grinding back and forth against my tender underside. I leaned against the wall, looking down at the sweet sight. Every time she pulled back, her lips dragging, I watched them pull my sensitive skin taut. Then she would dive her beautiful face back on it with a hunger. Lisa had a way of humming through it. It was like a happy sound one made after tasting cake. "Mmmmmm," she would groan on, vibrating me down to my balls. The sight of it, and the powerful weed, sent my head spinning. 

I felt a pressure building in me. The warm rush of release was just starting to pulse through my abdomen and I was not ready to have it all end. With a ragged breath, I gently pulled her off of me, drawing her to a stand by the chin. The rush of hot air on my cock almost put me over the edge but, as always, I toughed it out. I wanted between those slender brown legs. 

Lisa, already knowing where my mind was, backed away while unbuttoning her shorts. They dropped easily to reveal a tight little snatch. She had one thin line of hair that rose up two inches from her slit, looking a bit damp. "Come over here," she whispered. Walking backward, she pressed up against a steel rinsing sink. With one quick hop of her dainty body, she sat on its edge. 

The area was narrow, with only two feet or so between the sink and the fence, but I slid into position like a wolf searching for food. 

"Let's just pretend we know each other," she said. She took my throbbing soaked dick into her hand. "Like it's no big deal we're about to fuck." She ran her tongue across her top lip with a sensuality I'd never seen before. It was fuming. Pulling me forward by my member, she guided me into her tight tunnel. My shaft moved smoothly past her heated lips, further into a quivering box that wrapped hard around me, until my balls felt the crack of her ass. "Thaaaaaat's the stuff," she sighed while throwing up her legs, bracing her white sneakers on the fence behind us. 

I watched as she leaned back a bit, clasping her hands on the rim of the sink for leverage. Beads of hot sweat ran down from her neck, curving slightly inward past her tits. We were two sweaty bodies, aching to connect. My own sweat dripped onto her inner thighs as I began a slow penetration back and forth. With each second I upped the tempo, feeling her muscles grab on to the shaft. Her arms twitched along with flutters of her stomach, making me think Lisa was rushing through small, hot orgasms. So fucking hot. Looking down, I again could see my sensitive skin pull taut as I slid back, inch by inch of me glistening with her scalding honey. Lisa's sex had such a grip, I wanted to feel every long draw of my cock in and out of her, savoring the heat. 

One long pump of this action caused my cock to pop out. The head was dripping with juices and Lisa brought a hand down to rub it around my nob sensually. Looking at her face, her eyes were half-closed, biting her lip as if to say, 'continue.' I smiled, grabbing the shaft to rub it up and down her slit, pushing through to open her up where my mushroom hed teased her clit. 

"You're killing me," she groaned, throwing her head back in ecstasy. 

With a hold of my shaft, I slid its stickiness down to the tight brown wrinkles of her anus. The action made her muscles flinch upward, but I continued smearing the tight button with our combined lubrication. I wanted to push into her tight ass with every fiber of my being, so I tested the waters. With just my purple head, I applied slight pressure to the muscle. It quivered. 

"Do it," she said in a low tone. "Put it in." With that Lisa hopped her feet up higher against the fence, giving me real access to her tight ass. 

Grasping hard on my cock, I pushed the head forward, and it squeezed through until disappearing behind her clenched hole. I could feel the muscles rippling around my invasion, holding my cock-head like a vice. My god did it feel good. I pushed a bit more, letting a few more inches slide in painfully slow so that her body could adjust to my size. Lisa only groaned in pleasure, gritting her teeth. 

Slowly, I buried my member right up to the hilt in her ass. The constant clinging and waves of muscle action from her dark tunnel was pushing me to the very edge. I knew I wasn't long before climax, so I began a slow pumping. Then, biting my lip, I ventured an increasing motion. Harder and harder were my thrusts into Lisa's hot anus, burying my rod into scorching darkness. 

Lisa's face had now changed to one of pure lust. Her forehead wrinkled towards her closed eyes and her mouth was opened in an O- panting out lusty gibberish. I pumped away into her until the very moment I could feel the waves of extasy flowing from my balls. I was about to cum harder than I had in a great while, and it was going to be right up her clenching ass. 

Lisa screamed out, grabbing my stiffened arm with one hand. As she exploded, spurts of cum lept from her cunny. In an instant she was on it, diddling her cilt furiously through the shattering release. The sight left no further hope for me. I ruptured into a mind-numbing orgasm of my own. Hot spurts of my cum flung deep into her. With a grunt I buried myself up to the very hilt, grinding the last of my ruptures into her sacred space. I waited for my flinching to subside before pulling out, revealing a quickly closing hole. The dark gap dribbled my cum. I almost felt like I was a star in a porno. Alex Buster, man about town. 

We both needed a moment. I pulled Lisa toward me into a sweaty hug. Between panting and the slow comedown of bliss, we grasped each other for what seemed forever. 

"I'm glad you decided to take that hit," she smiled. 

I helped her off the sink onto wobbly legs. She braced her self a moment, then went for her clothes. "I think it was the right move," I quipped, grabbing her pipe. I took another long hit. "That's it for me." 

I can't just go back to work this way," Lisa said to me with pouting eyes. "I'm a fucking mess now." 

I looked around the corner, seeing that the pool area was empty. I figured we could easily go unseen if we were quick about it. Pulling up my trunks, I motioned for her. "Let's make a dash for my room. We can shower there." 

It must have looked like rabbits running from a fox, because we made it past the pool, across the walk, and into my room in less than five seconds. It was good for a laugh, which I enjoyed. Nothing's worse than uncomfortable silence after stranger sex. I'd been there and it's clumsy. 

We spent the next short while soaping each other and letting cool water spray our bodies. She felt wonderful against me, rubbing my ass with a luffa while I rubbed her little tits, but it had to end sometime. After drying off, she slowly got dressed, all the while staring at my naked body by the bathroom door. 

"I don't suppose you ever get to San Fransisco," I said. 

"No, but maybe I'll need some time off soon." 

Lisa walked to my dresser and wrote her number on the resort notepad. "If you call me some time, I just might make the drive." 

In moments she was gone. I was once again naked- alone in my room. 

Seriously, I haven't even gone to dinner yet. 

TO BE CONTINUED...