 I was looking for a new place to live. My student digs had fallen through and Uni was starting back in a week, so I was getting desperate. Hunting for a new room was much harder than I'd anticipated: I'd seen three private lets already that evening, in different parts of the City, and they were either damp, falling apart or the size of a shoebox. I had one more place to see, which was on the right tube line for Uni and I really didn't want to have to spend another evening traipsing through the streets of London looking for a nice enough room within my budget.

I found my next address and rang the bell. The landlady answered the door. "Hi, I'm Kate" she said. She was pretty, for an older woman. I estimated about 38. She had long dark hair, deep blue eyes and a friendly smile. 

"Hi Kate, I'm Alex" I took my cue and entered the house. She showed me around the communal areas; kitchen, living room, shared bathroom. They were all clean, tidy and homely; so far so good. We found plenty to chat about and I even felt like she was flirting with me a little. She walked ahead of me as we ascended the stairs to the 2nd floor and I caught a glimpse or two up her skirt as we went. She was wearing an almost knee-length denim number, with no tights underneath. Her knickers were patterned with flowers and the shape of them complimented her round bum cheeks, from what I could see. On the top half she was wearing a light cotton shirt, with the top two buttons undone. I'd noticed her cleavage when she was showing me the kitchen and bending down to open the door to the currently empty spare cupboard.

It was a good-sized bedroom, with a double bed and nice furniture, overlooking the quiet garden. Perfect! 

"There were 2 rooms advertised, but the other one was taken earlier today." Kate explained. "It's a little more rent than the ad said - £700 a month including bills". 

"Oh, that is more than I expected." I said, struggling to hide the disappointment in my voice. "I really like the room and I'd love to be able to take it, but I'm not sure I can stretch to that - my budget is £600. Also, I don't get my student loan through until next week, but I really need to move before then". I was trying my best to flirt in an attempt to appeal to her soft side; flashing a hopeful smile in an attempt to turn on the charm. 

Kate paused for a few seconds "You do seem like you'd really fit in here and I want to get the room rented fast." She paused again, thoughtfully. "Perhaps we could come to an arrangement." 

"Great!" I said, "Anything at all, I would really love to live here. So, what sort of arrangement are you thinking?"

"Well..." said Kate, carefully choosing her words, "I've been single for a really long time and it would be great to have such an attractive young chap around the place... But if you lived here, I'll be honest, I'd want to all sorts of bad things to you... So here's the deal: If you move in, you help me satisfy my sexual urges and I'll reduce your rent accordingly. What do you think?"

I was a bit taken aback. I'd been flirty in the hope that Kate might negotiate with me on the rent and the date of my first payment. I'd run with her suggestion of an arrangement because I really did want the room and I was intrigued by what she was going to suggest, thinking that it might involve extra housework or something. But what she was offering was every young man's fantasy and I couldn't help but think that I was dreaming! I felt my cheeks flush as I realised I'd been staring at her with my mouth open, in stunned silence, for at least 30 seconds, which was feeling like a really long time. I quickly pulled myself together. "Well..." I said, with a sly glint in my eye, "will you be wanting a deposit?" 

The smile that spread across her face answered that question instantly. I confidently peeled off my t-shirt, revealing my gym-toned chest and abs. In turn, Kate started undoing her blouse, button by button, revealing her ample cleavage. I could tell she could see the large bulge emerging in my trousers, and her eyes widened. She eased her feet, one by one, out of her slip-on shoes, looked up at me, tucked her hands up under the back of her skirt and then wriggled out of her knickers, letting them drop to the floor while her skirt remained in place; all the while maintaining direct eye contact with me. My bulge had grown and was twitching with anticipation under my trousers. She moved half a step closer to me and gave me the most seductive look. I couldn't help myself; I stepped towards her and put my hand up her skirt, feeling for her pussy. 

Her skin was soft and smooth; she must have been freshly shaven and it made my heart beat hard in my chest. I ran my fingertips over her warm fleshy lips, before gently easing a finger between them, sinking it through the fold, separating her soft skin and feeling for her clit. 

"Take off your bra" I said, and she did as she was told; slowly slipping her blouse off her shoulders and letting it fall, before reaching around and undoing the clasp, dropping her bra by the knickers on the floor. Her nipples were huge and solid and her large breasts were beautiful and firm. I started stroking them with my free hand; exploring over her skin and then gently pinching her rigid right nipple, twisting it between my thumb and index finger. Then I leaned in and kissed her. Her lips were plump and soft and her tongue started to probe mine as her mouth widened. 

We continued to kiss deeply as I traced circles around her clit with my fingers. I could feel her pussy pulse and her juices starting to flow. I unzipped her skirt and encouraged it to drop to the floor, leaving her completely naked; then I picked her up with my arm around my waist and in one smooth movement lifted her over to the bed. 

I laid her down, kissed her breasts and nipples, then worked my way slowly down her flat stomach and then started licking her; first teasing my tongue between her lips and then, as I pushed her legs apart with my hands, spreading her wide before me, I eased my tongue up inside her as far as it would go. I thrust it into her, over and over, before working on her clit; licking, kissing, sucking and flicking over it with my tongue. She tasted incredible; I could have stayed there all evening, lapping up the flavour of her juices. 

She was making all sorts of noises; groaning, moaning and squealing with delight. Next, I slowly pushed a finger deep into her hot, wet cunt and began to explore her from the inside, while still licking over her clit and sucking at her lips. I added a second finger and then a third, and finally pushed four fingers inside her, stretching open her surprisingly tight hole, preparing her for what was still to come. I used my other hand to undo the zip of my trousers and I eased out my hard, throbbing cock. I'm not embarrassed to admit that I'm fairly well endowed; certainly in the girth department. Some girls shy away when they see it, but Kate's eyes were telling me she was keen for me to put it to good use.

I pulled her down the bed until her pussy was at the edge, so I could fuck her while still standing up. I put the tip of my cock against her wet entrance. "Are you ready for this?" I asked, that glint in my eye again. 

She nodded, smiling, and I could feel that she was dripping and throbbing with anticipation. I very slowly and carefully began to push my length into her. When it was an inch in I pulled it back out, letting the evidence of her excitement drip down my shaft before starting again. I pushed it in - half way this time, before starting to thrust. I was stretching out the hot flesh of her pussy and it felt amazing. I thrust my length in until my balls banging against her skin, fucking her harder and harder, holding her legs wide with my hands and watching her whole body rocking to my rhythm; her voluptuous breasts bouncing up and down and her face contorting in ecstasy. 

Kate raised her hips to alter the angle of my entry and it felt even better somehow. I could feel her body tense, like I'd hit her g-spot, and, as a result her cunt gripped tighter around my cock. I let out a gasp of pleasure. I wasn't far from coming and I was hoping she might have been too. I kept thrusting into her, harder and deeper, over and over, my groans getting louder and faster. I slipped my hands round under her thighs, reached for her hips and gripped her tightly. I couldn't help but increase my thrusting speed significantly as I felt my climax getting closer. 

Kate reached down to her soaking wet clit and touched herself. I began to explode inside her as she rubbed her flesh and started moaning with intense pleasure. Her back arched and she fell suddenly silent. As the last of my spunk was leaving my body hers was convulsing; her face frozen in an expression of pure ecstasy. She stayed completely motionless for what felt like several minutes, before slowly relaxing back into the bed, with a very content expression on her face. 

Finally, she turned her head, looked up at me and giggled. I smiled.

"Does that work for a deposit?" I asked. 

"I think" she responded "I'm going to really enjoy having you here".