 Ch. 9 - Moving to Washington state.     

On October 5th, I call Vanessa. I tell her I'm going to come out a couple of days early. I'm bored sitting around here and I want to be with her. I'm driving so it will take awhile to get there. She's thrilled. I've signed the house over to my son. I brief him on the normal utility bills and the real estate tax. I tell him if there's anything I forgot, I'll have him send it out by mail. 

October 6th - traveling

I'm driving out to Tacoma. I start driving on I-80 in Illinois. It's going to be a long trip. I hate to drive on long trips but there's no other way to do it, cheaply. The car is pretty full with my things.

October 10th - Washington state. 

What a long trip, mostly on I-90. I figure I'm about 6 hours away from Tacoma. I'll be there in late afternoon. I call Vanessa and let her know where I am. She's happy I'll be sleeping with her tonight. I tell her I'm really tired and am going to need a lot of sleep. She says she understands.

I call her at 5pm and ask her if she'd like to go out to eat. She asks where I am. I tell her nearly to Seattle on I-90 maybe an hour away. She says she'd love to go out to eat with me.

6:10pm - I arrive at her apartment building, well, our apartment building now. As I get out of the car, I look up. She's not at her old apartment, I smile at myself. Of course not, idiot. I look down the row of 5th floor apartments and there she is waving at me. I wave back and start walking up to the building. The elevator stops at the 5th floor and I walk out and into her arms. Her tongue is in my mouth and I'm kissing her back. "John, thank God you made it okay. I was worried."

I smile and say "Well, I'm here lover. Tired as hell and I need a shower but I'm here, to stay."

She pulls me toward our apartment. "Wait til you see our apartment. I hope you like it." The new apartment is to the right of the elevators.

I smile at her and say "If it has you in it, I'll love it." 

The apartment looks wonderful. She shows me around. She's been busy decorating. "John, I hope you don't mind that I spent more money to decorate the apartment. I think it looks great and Joan loves it too. I did have a couple of hundred left over though."

"No, I don't mind. As long as you're happy. And I think it looks great." She shows me the Master bedroom. Yes! A king-sized four poster bed.

She says "I'd be happy with you anywhere, even in a tent or if we had to live in a car."

I hug her and give her a big kiss. "Let me take a shower first and then we'll go to a restaurant."

She smiles "Can I join you in the shower?"

I smile and kiss her again. "Sure. Can't wait to get you naked again." 

She laughs. "I've been thinking about having your cock in all my holes...the triple penetration. Think we can do that later.......Please?"

"I'm a little tired but I think we can make that happen."

We shower and wash each other. My cock is hard after she washes it and my balls. I am horny. It's been over a week without sex. She says "Mmmmm, I know you're tired but this cock doesn't seem to be."

I laugh. "Well, I feel a lot better after I've showered. We'll see how I feel after we get back from the restaurant. I think some good food will really make me feel better. I've been eating fast food on the road. Let's also stop at a liquor store too."

"Okay, honey. I've also got some pot too if you'd like that."

I say "Yes, that sounds really good."

We get dressed and head out to the restaurant in her Jeep (my car is still full of stuff). We eat a good meal and have a couple of glasses of wine. When we get back to our apartment, we sit on the couch and she turns on the TV. We're not really paying too much attention to the TV. We're kissing and touching each other. She stands up and starts a strip tease for me. I'm watching and licking my lips. When she's naked, she sits down next to me and takes my shirt off. She then opens my pants and pulls them down. She looks down and smiles. My hard-on is making a tent in my underwear. She pulls my pants and underwear off. 

She kneels down between my legs and works on my cock. She looks up at me and starts to run her tongue over the head. I groan. She takes it in her mouth and starts to lower her head on it. Before long she takes it all in her mouth. She smiles up at me. I push her away and grab her hand and walk toward the bedroom.

I pull her over to the bed and lay down on my back. I pull her over me and she slides down on my hard cock. She moans "Oh, God, that feels so good. I missed 'my cock'." I smile at her.

She then starts to move and fuck me. It really feels good. I let her do all the work, just relaxing under her. By the ten minute mark she starts to cum. I begin to push up into her, continuing to fuck her. She's cumming and cumming. She finally starts to calm down so I slow down and eventually stop. After her breathing gets back close to normal, I kiss her, slap her right butt cheek and say "Okay, babe. One hole to go. On your knees, lover."

She jumps up and gets on her knees. She's wiggling her ass at me. I smile. I grab the lube and lube her up. I move behind her and as I touch the head of my cock to her asshole she squeals. "Oh, yes, John. Fuck my ass." I begin to slide it into her ass. She's learned to relax her anal muscles well. I slip in really easy. "Ohhhhhh, Godddddd," she says. And I certainly agree with that emotion.

I begin to move in and out of her ass. She immediately begins to push and pull in rhythm. She still very tight. I know I'm not going to last long. We ass fuck for 3 minutes, she begins to cum and her ass muscles are really gripping my cock. She continues to cum and in another minute, I hit my orgasm. She screams hitting a higher peak as my cock pulses and squirts into her bowels. Finally, we are both finished and exhausted.

I pull out and roll off of her and she smiles at me. We lay there for a while cuddling. I'm starting to nod off and she notices. She kisses me and rolls off the bed. She walks to the bathroom. A few minutes later, she walks out of the bathroom with a washcloth and wipes me off. She lays down next to me and pulls the sheet and blanket up. She snuggles into me, says "I love you, John," and we fall asleep.

**************************************

Vanessa's diary: "Dear diary, evening October 10th. I'm so happy. My man is back and he's here to stay. I am in heaven. Four days til the wedding. THE WEDDING!!!!"

**************************************

October 11 - Tacoma, Wa

I wake up and Vanessa is sucking my cock. God, I love this woman. I look down at her and say "Morning, lover."

She smiles, takes my cock out of her mouth and says "Morning, darling."

She continues to suck me. Eventually, she starts to add shaft stroking with the sucking. This quickly causes me to cum in her mouth. She swallows and licks her lips. I pull her up and French kiss her. "How do you feel this morning, John."

"Much better. Still a little tired but that will pass. This bed sleeps well, doesn't it?"

She says, "Yeah, it's really nice, for sleeping and fucking my man." I laugh.

We lay there for a little while holding each other and then she says "What do you want for breakfast?"

"Cereal is fine. Juice if you have it."

She jumps up and I slowly crawl out of bed and follow her. We are both naked in the kitchen. She fixes two bowls of cereal and then pours two glasses of orange juice. 

We eat and enjoy breakfast. 

"So, darling, what's the plan for the wedding?" I say.

"Well, it's not going to be much. Just the Justice of the Peace on Wednesday. My children are coming as well as Joan and maybe Maria."

"Okay. Sounds good to me. I've got our honeymoon planned and paid for."

"Honeymoon? Where are we going?"

"Maybe I should keep it a secret."

"Oh, come on, don't do that. Please." I smile at her. "Please, John."

"Well, okay, I've got ten days booked in Honolulu, Hawaii." 

She's got a big smile on her face. "Really?"

"Yes, really." She grabs me and kisses me deeply. "I've always wanted to go to Hawaii. But can we afford that?"

"Yes, we can. I think you should have a great honeymoon, it is your first and you waited a long time to get it. Because I'm a retired serviceman, we get a good value at the military owned hotel at Waikiki. It's called the Hale Koa. We'll stay there for five days and then fly to the Big Island. I've always wanted to see the Kilauea Volcano. We'll stay at Hilo for two days and then go to Maui."

"Thank you so much, John. You are so good to me." She starts to cry. 

"Why are you crying?"

"I don't know what I did to deserve you. Thanks for being in my life now."

"No, thank you. I love you."

"I love you so much."

We French kiss for a while. I'm running my hands up and down her naked body. "You'd better stop that or your fiance' is going to rape you," Vanessa says.

I laugh. "If I wasn't so tired, I'd let you."

"Still feel tired?"

"Yeah, it's going to take more than one night's sleep to adjust to the change in time zones and the long drive. Are we going to do anything today?"

Vanessa thinks and says "Well, if you're feeling tired, we should just stay in and relax together."

"I really hate to be a party pooper but that does sound good."

I sit on the couch and Vanessa comes over to sit next to me. I grab her and pull her onto my lap. She laughs. We sit there awhile kissing and holding each other. Eventually, Vanessa gets off and sits next to me. We hold hands and watch TV. At 12:30pm, Vanessa asks if I want some lunch. I'm not too hungry. I tell her I'll make myself a half of a sandwich. We both jump up and make our lunches. When we're finished eating, we sit on the couch again. I look at her. I wish I wasn't so tired, I'd love to give her a good fucking. Oh, well, maybe tonight.

At 1:30pm, I tell her, "I'm going to take a nap, honey. I want to make love to you tonight."

"Okay, lover. Get some rest. I'll just watch TV or get on the computer."

I lay down and fall asleep quickly. I wake at nearly 4pm and walk out to the living room naked. Vanessa has put her clothes on and is talking to Joan on the couch. "Whoops," I say.

They both look at me and laugh. I smile and take a bow. "Hi, Joan. How are you?"

"Hi, John. I'm doing good. You're looking very good." She licks her lips and laughs.

I smile and walk back into the bedroom. I put my pants and shirt on and go back to the living room. Joan says "Awwwww, I like you better nude."

I smile and sit next to Vanessa who is laughing too. She says "Well, how do you feel?"

"Pretty good."

Joan says "Well, let me feel."

"Easy, Joan. I'm going to be a married man in a couple of days."

Joan says "Well, is that going to change much?"

I say "Yes, it will. After that, Vanessa and I will decide together when we want to play outside our marriage and with whom."

"Oh, I hope you decide to play with me. I was just telling Vanessa I've got an orgy planned as soon as you guys get back from the honeymoon."

I look at Vanessa, she smiles at me. "Are you all for this orgy?"

Vanessa says "Oh, yeah. Are you?"

"I'm okay with it if you are."

Joan says "Okay, then. It should be fun. I've got a sixsome lined up."

I look at her and say "Sixsome?"

"Yes. You and Vanessa, me and Maria and two guys I know. Nice guys. You'll like them."

"Sounds like fun, Joan," I say.

Joan says, "Why don't we make it a Halloween party and schedule it for the 31st? You know, a costume party....for the first few hours, then the costumes come off and the real fun begins."

"Now that sounds like an idea. I'm glad you set this up. Vanessa has been kind of jealous of me lately and I want her to have a really good time," I say.

Vanessa lightly punches me and I laugh at her. She blushes. I look at her and say "You deserve it, darling. I hope these two guys fuck the hell out of you."

"Oh, God," Vanessa says. Joan laughs and says "John, if you weren't taken, I would jump on you fast. Vanessa, don't you ever let this man go. He's a treasure."

Vanessa laughs and says "I don't intend to Joan! I want him in my life forever."

We sit and talk for a while and Joan excuses herself, kisses me and leaves.

"Well.......It looks like we have a date for Halloween. It sounds like a lot of fun. But first we have a wedding and a honeymoon," I say with a smile on my face.

Vanessa comes and sits on my lap. "Yes, we do my future husband."

She French kisses me. A long kiss with lots of tongue.

"John, tell me about some of the women you've been with the last couple of months."

I look at her. She's really worried about that. 

"Okay, well, here's the list of women that I've been with since my first trip out here. It's not very long. I told you about Shirley. She's a big, beautiful white woman from Florida that travels a lot for her work. She's somewhat bi-curious. She would love to join us sometime either in a threesome or a foursome. She thinks she can talk a male coworker into joining us. The second woman after we got together is a big beautiful black woman who's about 20 lbs overweight and a submissive named Ellen. She was a nearly 40 year old virgin until she joined me for a week. She'd also like to join us although she said she not sure about having sex with a woman. If we allow her to join us we'll have to do it as Dominants and treat her as a submissive. Treating her as a submissive really turns her on. The third was a gorgeous, divorced young lady from Oklahoma named Sue who was fed up with the jerks her age in Oklahoma. I think she's looking for a mature man now or maybe another woman. She's bi-curious and also would really like to join us sometime. And that's it. See there haven't been that many."

Vanessa smiles.

"I've been with the first two twice now but Sue from Oklahoma only once. They all know about you and I and our impending marriage. And also about it being an open marriage and they were all okay with it."

Vanessa says "Okay. Well, I'll have to think about sharing you with any of them. It makes me nervous to even think about it."

"Okay, I understand but you know I'm marrying you not any of them."

"I understand but I'm still kind of jealous."

"Well, you sure don't have to worry about Shirley. She came right out and told me she's not interested in marriage again. She's just looking for fun. Ellen, the submissive, is interested in me but I made it totally clear that she has no chance. Sue is so young and most likely would not go for an open marriage. I'm nearly forty years older than her, like her grandfather's age. I don't even know how that would work. It was fun though being with someone so young. Shirley and Sue are both interested in meeting you and having sex with us. Ellen, not so much because she's hung up about sex with a woman."

"I'm sorry, John. I know I shouldn't be so jealous but I am. For some reason, you being with Joan or Maria didn't bother me. But this does."

"Okay, Vanessa. I understand. So did you ever get with Joan about a threesome?"

Vanessa blushes. "Yes, I did. We had one. It was nice I just wish you were there with me during it."

"So tell me about the guy."

"Oh.............ah...........He was okay. His name was James. He had a beer gut. I enjoyed the fuck but the orgasm was no way near what you give me."

"So is his cock bigger than mine?"

"A..........a..........it's about the same size I guess. Maybe a little bit bigger."

"Now I'm jealous."

"You don't have to be jealous. He didn't know how to use it like you do. And he certainly didn't last as long as you can."

"I'm just kidding. I'm not really jealous. I know you'd never leave me for him so it doesn't bother me."

"Oh, okay. I see your point."

"I'm yours girl. I'm not going anywhere. You are going to have to throw me out to get rid of me and then I'm going to beg you to take me back."

She laughs and says "I love you, John."

"I love you too, Vanessa. You are mine, woman!"

"Well, now that I think about it I think Shirley would be okay if she brings another man with her. I don't know about Sue. I think I would be incredibly jealous if I saw you fucking her. We'll see. Now this Ellen. Did you really do the Dominant/sub thing with her?"

"Yes, I did. I have a bit of a dominant streak and I recognized that she was a submissive."

"That might be interesting. I thought you had a bit of a dominant streak because you kind of control what we do in the bedroom. But I don't mind that a bit. What did you have her do?"

"Well, nothing out of the ordinary really. I gave her a set of rules to follow and when she broke them, I spanked her. She really gets hot when you spank her. Like I said, she was a nearly 40 year old virgin. I had to show her how to do everything. That's all really. She wanted me to take her virginity so I did. She kept breaking the rules and I got tired of spanking her. So I decided to punish her another way. I made her wear a butt plug. Then on the fifth day, I took her anal virginity."

"Wow, she might be fun to play with."

I laughed. "Okay. I don't really think she will come out though. She's got the money to come out but I think she'd be jealous of you. Shirley will do it on her company's dime and Sue will need financial help to get out here. She's barely getting by."

I get off the couch and crawl between her legs. I pull her pants down, look her in her eyes and lick my lips. I start kissing up her thighs. She scoots down a little. When I get to her panties, I lick her pussy through the panties. She lifts up and pulls her panties down. I smile. "Think about Shirley and Sue though, okay. Think about being their first woman." 

I dive into her pussy and start licking. I bring her to her first orgasm in about 5 minutes. She says "John, I want your cock in my mouth."

I say "Let's get in a '69'." I pull her up, walk her to the bedroom and lay down on the bed. She comes over and lowers her pussy to my face. She then starts to suck my cock. We work on each other for awhile. In another 4 minutes, she starts to orgasm and I shove a thumb into her ass. She screams around my cock. After her orgasm subsides, she goes back to sucking my cock. I'm approaching my orgasm but it's still going to take a while so she keeps at it. After about 5 more minutes, I start cumming. She surprises me by sticking her middle finger into my ass and rubbing my prostate. I'm grunting loudly. My orgasm is the longest one I've ever had. I must have squirted a dozen times. 

When I finish, she rolls off of me. She starts to open her mouth but it's too full of cum. She swallows it and smiles. "Wow, that was quite a load, honey."

"When did you decided to do the anal finger on me. That was awesome especially when you rubbed my prostate. Wow!"

"Well, the phase 2 we had made me want to try it. I decided when you were back in Illinois to make as many of your orgasms as possible very intense too. Joan and I talked about it and she's going to do it for you too whenever we're together with her. It worked, didn't it? You filled my mouth."

"Oh, it worked alright. Now I'm pooped again. I think I need some food."

"Well, it's almost time for supper. Are we going out to eat tonight?"

"Yes, let go out. With all this sex, I think I need a steak."

We get cleaned up, dressed and go out to eat. After we return to the apartment, I unpack my bags and bring some more stuff up from the car. Then we settle down on the couch for a while watching TV. About 9:30pm, I'm starting to feel tired again. "Sweetheart, I'm going to bed. I'm still very tired. Time zone change I guess. It still feels like it's 11:30pm to me."

"Okay, honey. I'll join you later. Sleep well my love."

"Thanks, darling." I French kiss her good night.

October 12th - Tacoma, Wa

I wake up in the morning and Vanessa is sucking my cock. Man, I love that. It's 8:15am and I'm feeling pretty good, especially now that she's giving me pleasure. She's naked so I decide I want a little pre-breakfast too. She's not very heavy so I grab her and swing her around and plant my face into her pussy. She yelps and then giggles. We eat each other for over 5 minutes. I'm sucking on her clit for most of the time and she's moaning around my cock. She starts to cum around 6 minutes in and forgets my cock. 
