 Gina and myself lay in each others' arms like that for a while, staring into each others' eyes. Her hands wandered over every inch of my sweaty body and I returned the favour, outlining in flesh what I'd touched a hundred times on a computer screen. I revelled in her luscious curves, the full ripe melon breasts that pressed against my chest, the round firm hips sliding against mine, the creamy smooth thighs tapering to slim calves... every inch of her seemed made for appreciation, and I intended to appreciate as much as I could over this weekend. 

We talked for a little while, though I'm damned if I can remember what about; all the things we'd been waiting to say to each other since first we'd met, I'm sure. We laughed and kissed and caught up and all the time my cock pressed hotly against her smooth stomach, throbbing and firm. I felt like I'd swallowed a handful of Viagra, like I'd stay hard for days around this sweet blonde sex kitten. 

After a short while my dick's pulsing became more urgent, and I realised what it needed. Our kisses becoming more passionate and heated, I slid down off Gina's ripe body and put my hands on her, turning her over. She grinned her wicked grin, knowing exactly what I wanted, and got up on all fours, gripping the metal headboard and wiggling that perfect ass at me. 

I couldn't resist and reached out to spank it firmly... SMACK!!

Gina gasped and moaned and giggled all at once. "Oh, Daddy, I've been such a baaaaaad girl... " she breathed huskily. 

This was a game we'd played often, and she knew what that name did to me. I spanked that luscious ass again... SMACK!!

"Oh! Daddy! Your little slut needs punishing... so very badly... " Gina was writhing on her hands and knees now, waving her ass for me, her legs spread so wide I could see her glistening pussy drip for me. "I haven't had your big hot cock in me yet and I need it so much... Daddy pleeeeeeease... "

That was all I could take. I moved up behind her, roughly grabbing her hips to another moan and gasp from Gina. "You want to get fucked, little girl?" I said, my dick throbbing like it was about to split open. "You want daddy's big dick pounding into your sweet hot little pussy?"

"oh god YES Daddy, " Gina moaned, leaning her head on her arm and sticking her ass out even further as I rubbed my stiff rod all over her sweet pink peaches. "Please GIVE it to me! FUCK me! FUCK ME!"

That did it. With one massive thrust I slammed my hot cock into her eager, sopping wet cunt. Right to the hilt, right to my heavy, hot balls. 

"OH FUCK YESSSSS DADDY!! DADDY GRIFF! OH FUCK ME!" Gina was going wild, bucking like an animal, her moans and cries getting out of control, even before I'd started fucking her. I took firmer hold of her hips, fingers digging into the flesh, and dragged my cock almost all the way out of her tight juicy box, holding just the throbbing head at her dripping lips and leaving it there, making her wait... 

Gina panted and begged and moaned for it, but I held my patience... past experience had proved that a little teasing, a little anticipation, always led to greater results. When I finally slammed my cock home again, Gina tossed her head back, letting out a cry of sheer animal lust. I kept this up, sliding my cock out painfully slowly before pounding her pussy full of it, gradually getting faster, harder, deeper and hotter, my sweat dripping onto Gina's back and our hips slamming together hard and fast. 

We unleashed barrages of filthy talk, each shouting the other's name, fucking each other with total abandon, and I felt the incredible sensation of her pussy gripping my cock like a vice as she came two, three, four times, one after the other, as we fucked long and hard into the afternoon. 

After what seemed like hours, I felt the tightening in my balls and knew I was ready to blow the biggest load of cum in my life. Waiting for this moment, when I'd be buried balls-deep in Gina's perfect pussy, had driven me mad with lust and it was finally payoff time. 

"Oh god baby I'm gonna cum so hard... you want daddy to cum for you" I moaned, turning her head to mine for a deep kiss. 

"YES Daddy!" she cried like a happy teenager, and she wasted no time, sliding off my hot cock and scooting around so she was on her knees before me, hands on her thighs, juicy tits pert and waiting, her mouth open, ready for my cum. 

"Give it to me, Griff," she said in that sexy voice. "Give your personal little fuck toy all the cum in those sweet hot balls... fill my mouth... cover me in Daddy's spunk... " 

Her voice drove me over the edge. I pumped my shaft, looking in her sexy eyes, and shot what felt like gallons of thick, hot, cum all over her face, jets landing on her cheeks, in her hair, in her mouth, dripping down her soft neck onto her magnificent tits, and she smiled all the while, trying to lick up what she could, lapping at the streams as they shot through the air onto her skin, then latching her hot mouth onto my cock once I was spent and sucking me dry, licking my cock clean, moaning and humming. 


"MMMMMmmmmm... ohhhhh Griff that was even better than I'd fantasised... your cum is soooo sweet daddy... " she cooed, worshipping my softening cock, kissing every inch as we sank into each others' arms again, resting for a while before the next round. 

I'm not sure how long we slept, but when I opened my eyes again the sun was going down, the light in the spacious hotel room dimming. I blinked repeatedly, my eyes becoming accustomed to the light, and I looked down to see Gina's sweet face, a soft smile on her delicious lips as she lay in my arms like a contented kitten, her stomach full of cream (literally). Her soft lush breasts were pressed against my chest, and I could feel her heart beat as she breathed deep and even, moaning softly in her sleep, perhaps dreaming of more of what we'd tasted so far today. 

I caressed her smooth naked back slow and gently; her legs moved slightly, tangling in the soft cotton sheets, and she awoke slowly, luxuriantly, stretching out against me and releasing a sweet, long, low moan, hey pretty eyes flickering open and settling on mine. 

"Hello lover," she said quietly, stroking my cheek and smiling that smile I was loving more and more by the second. "Sleep well?"

"Like a dream," I replied. "I think somebody wore me out a little. "

Her lower lip pooched out adorably, her voice became the little-girl one she knew I loved. "Awwww I'm sowwy Daddy, " she huskily breathed, her fingertip trailing through my chest hair and a devilish twinkle in her eyes. "Are you feeling all better now?"

I kissed her long and deep, my tongue seeking hers out, her moans matching mine as we embraced tightly, my cock growing stiff and long against her hot thigh, her hands gripping my back. 

"Does that answer your question?" I said as we eventually broke our deep soul-kiss. 

"Oooooh, yes Griff!" Gina giggled happily, pushing me onto my back and rolling on top of me, those perfect tits on my chest and her pussy slit slotting around my hot thick rod perfectly, the lips sliding up and down my full length, making my hungry dick twitch and pulse, aching to be buried in her. 

Gina's lips were all over my face, softly brushing my cheeks, my eyelids, my forehead, my nose, her sweet breath on my skin, making my heart beat faster as her skin slid over mine and her fingers slid up and down my arms. 

"Close your eyes, Griff, " she softly said, and I obeyed happily, surrendering myself to sound, smell, touch and taste. I could feel her breath near my ear, smell her perfume, her fingers at my neck, caressing, as she whispered "Lay back... Gina's going to take care of you, lover... "

I felt her sweet weight lift from my chest briefly as she bent down to the side of the bed, retrieving some items from her bag. Seconds later, something soft and velvety was wrapped around my eyes with loving care, Gina's lips near mine, a girlish giggle escaping her lips as she fastened the blindfold behind my head. She pecked my lips softly and said "That's so you don't peek baby... "

Gina kept up on her hip movements, her pussy slit oozing juice on my cock shaft as she slid up and down gently, driving me crazy. She took hold of my wrists and pinned my arms above my head, and I felt cold steel handcuffs ratcheting around them, fastening me securely to the wrought iron headboard. 

"What's this?" I asked mock-innocently (this wasn't the first time a woman had tied me down, but I played along). I pulled experimentally at my cuffs, rubbing my wrists. 

"Oh, this? This is so I can do whatever I want to you... and you can't do anything about it, lover, " Gina's voice purred as her finger traced my lips, slipping into my mouth so I could suck on it briefly. I grinned, my cock swelling with new vigour in anticipation of what my gorgeous blonde sex kitten had in mind. 

My question was answered as I felt Gina slide down my body slowly and sweetly, her lips tasting what felt like every inch of my skin, working down my neck, sucking softly, biting gently, her tongue emerging intermittently to lap at me, catlike. She stopped at my nipples, her sweet pink tongue first flicking over them softly before lapping hungrily, her mouth closing over one nipple, then the other, suckling at me like a baby at a teat, long deep moans echoing through the room, coming from both of us. 

I pushed my head back into the sumptuous pillows, breathing hard, writhing under Gina's body as she continued her taste-test. 

Gina's hands followed her tongue, trailing down over my chest as her mouth worked down my stomach, her hot tongue leaving a wet trail through the line of dark hair which led to my hot aching dick. She sucked and licked and moaned on my flesh until I thought I'd go crazy, working closer and closer to my pulsating cock... then licking around it, kissing down my thighs, her lips never straying onto my shaft, which bobbed in her face, prelim oozing from the purple head, demanding attention. 

My moans of frustration made her giggle. "What's that, lover?" she asked, voice dripping with teasing innocence. "You want Gina to suck your big hot cock? Do you want that, baby"

"Yes... " I moaned low and lustful, hips bucking up off the king-size bed. 

"What's that Griff? I can't heeear you... " Gina breathed hot and hard on my dick, making me shout out loud. 

"YESSS!!"

My little blonde temptress only giggled again. "I bet you do, baby... but not quite yet. I want you desperate for me... I want you to beg for me to smother your hot, aching dick with my slippery, juicy, HOT, WET pussy... I want you to SCREAM my name before I decide to ride your cock like a cum-hungry cock slut... " Throughout this little speech, her fingernail was tracing up and down the underside of my shaft gently, making my breath come in ragged gasps and my hands pull furiously at my cuffs, needing to take her, fuck her like she'd never been fucked before. 

"I love this cock, you know," Gina said matter-of-factly, stroking my thighs. "It's so hot... so stiff... and it's all mine... " 

All this teasing was driving me out of my mind. I suddenly felt Gina move over me, her skin sliding over mine, and I smelt the unmistakable spicy-sweet scent of her wet pussy, close to my mouth and nose. I leaned my head forward hungrily, my lips making instant contact with her sopping wet parted pussy lips. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhh yes Griff... show me how much you want it... EAT me and I'll fuck you good... I'll ride you hard and make you screeeeeeeam... " 

I didn't need telling twice. I plunged my tongue eagerly into Gina's wet pussy, working it between her silky shaven folds, lapping up her hot sticky juices, working my head up and down, my tongue wriggling and writhing in her hot hole. Gina held my head to her crotch, gripping my short hair in her fingers, bucking against my mouth as I moaned into her cunt, fucking her with my tongue deep and hot and fast, flickering faster and faster inside her, exploring her sweetness. Meanwhile, Gina was unleashing a barrage of filthy talk above me:

"Oh that's it baby that's it lick my pussy eat it deeper go on oh GOD oh GOD oh GODDDDDDDDDD YESSSSSSSS YES YES YESSSSSSS GRIFFFFFFF!!"

I felt her pussy clench and spasm in the unmistakable throes of a great orgasm, and I lapped faster, slurping up every drop of juice, her pussy squirting hard, soaking my chin with stickiness. As her bucking hips slowed, I slid my tongue out gently, lapping up and down on her cunt lips, stopping to kiss her clit with tender passion. 

Gina's hot breaths filled the room as she slid down, kissing me with hot abandon, positioning her dripping pussy at the hot thick head of my as-yet-neglected cock. She took all of my throbbing rod deep inside her, thrusting down hard on me, my hot balls resting on her ass as she writhed and rocked on me deep. 

We broke our wet sticky kiss and she whipped my blindfold off with one graceful motion. I was, once again, looking into the lust-filled eyes of my secret lover, her mouth and eyes wide as she slammed down again and again on my hungry dick, bouncing on me while I moaned and groaned, pumping as much of my cock up inside her as I could, grunting and growling with passion. 

I watched her like that, helpless, hands cuffed, this hot blonde woman riding on my cock like she'd gone without for years, her luscious tits shaking and jiggling, her hips rising and falling, her hands trailing over her own body, taking my cock inside her, riding me closer and closer to earth-shattering orgasm. 

I was either going to cum or explode and I told her so, and her response was to hurriedly uncuff my wrists, tossing the handcuffs over the edge of the bed. 

"Touch me baby! Cum with me!"

My hands clamped over her tits, pulling on her nipples, pinching and rolling them between my fingers, and we began to fuck faster, harder, like wild animals, Gina's sweat dripping on my chest and her pussy swallowing every inch of my cock, hard and deep. Our cries grew louder and louder, and we called each others names with total abandon:

"Griff! Oh FUCK me Griff! You're so good!"

"YESSSSS Gina! Ride that cock! Oh god yes! Ginaaaaaaa!"

"GRIFF!!"

"GINAAAAA!!"

I pumped my hips once, convulsively, and shot what felt like a gallon of hot, thick sticky cum straight into Gina's waiting pussy. We both arched our backs, mouths open in a rictus of lust, cum mixing and spurting, oozing from her pussy down the sides of my hot shaft. I held her pumping hips and SLAMMED her down on my dick as I felt her cunt muscles tighten and relax, milking me dry of every drop of spunk, ropes of hot liquid hitting her pussy deep. 

After a mutual orgasm which seemed to last hours, Gina, collapsed into my arms, her body draped over mine, sweating and panting, kissing over my face once again, as my hands caressed her curves and my cock softening slowly inside her. 

We lay like that, looking in each others' eyes, hands wandering languorously, exchanging kisses and whispers, coming down from what may have been the best sex of both our lives. 

"You know, we might have to leave the room sooner or later, " she said, smiling sweetly. 

"You're right, " I replied, kissing her nose. "Let's go out to dinner. "

to be continued...