 I followed Kelly's ass as we climbed up the narrow wooden staircase that lead to the upper floors.

The restaurant had a tiny footprint, with a front room that barely held four tables and the small bar. The building itself was old, with walls of stone and ceilings of aged timber. Like most houses in the Old Town, it was narrow. But it went up, four stories, each floor decorated slightly differently. The second floor had more dining tables, the third was a lounge, and the fourth, where we were headed, an open-air patio.

My heart was thumping in my chest. As the adrenaline was wearing off, the reality of what was happening was settling in; I was on a god-damn date with a hot chick. A chick I had recently fucked. The tightness in my balls and the heaviness of my cock attested to that. A chick that I had started to really like. That made me nervous as hell. Thankfully we were on my territory, in a place I knew well.

The owner of this small restaurant was a friendly man in his late fifties, short and round and full of energy. He had welcomed us with open arms and we had exchanged a few pleasantries. He warmly welcomed Kelly and guided us towards a small table, white table cloth, candle and all, in a corner of the restaurant.

But I had had other ideas.

After a few stumbling words and lots of hand motions, I told the man of my plans. He smiled and waved us through.

"Do you know everyone here?" Kelly asked.

"I kinda bounced between here and the library. This guy is the owner and the host, and the bartender too. Really nice. But after you..." I gestured Kelly forward, towards the small wooden staircase climbing up to higher floors. 

I followed Kelly up the narrow stairs, her ass at my eye level. I knew that ass, I had seen it naked. That thought thickened my cock to a semi-erection.

We made it to the fourth floor patio, and Kelly stopped.

"This is so awesome!" she exclaimed.

The small patio was half the size of the restaurant below, tiny, with barely enough room for a couple of tables. But the view was unbeatable. Above us, the darkening sky filling with stars. Before us, the Old Town was glowing in the orange glow of streetlights. An electric blue glow rose over the distant battlements where the new town brushed against the tall walls.

It was also empty. We had the place to ourselves.

I let myself fall onto the padded bench that was wedged against the back wall, fronted by a small low table. Kelly joined me, groaning with relief at the chance to sit, but a big smile was on her face. 

"This place is beautiful," she said, taking in the sights.

"Yeah," I said, looking at her. 

I leaned against the corner, letting the wall take my weight so that I could turn towards her.

She looked at me.

"I owe you big," she said, "thank you." 

"I don't know what I did, but you're welcome."

"You weren't a jerk to me. You showed me around, showed me those secret places of yours. Cheered me up. Fucked me silly," she said, a small smile growing on her lip.

She placed her foot on the bench, resting her chin on her raised knee. Turned towards me as she was, that raised knee let me look straight up her skirt, to her bald and naked pussy. It was there, pale pink, nestled between her tanned thighs, still a little shiny with her sweat and juices, still a little raw and red from our recent fucking. She, of course, knew exactly what she was showing me. My cock grew full and hard, pressed against my shorts. My throat was tight with nervous tension. I had never been with anyone as forward as her. 

A waiter appeared, a carafe of sangria in one hand, two glasses in the other. Kelly demurely dropped her foot to the ground, ending her show. The waiter left a small menu on the table and left, but not before giving me a thumbs up sign behind Kelly's back. I smiled and blushed.

Kelly grabbed the menu.

"My treat," she said.

Before long we had a table full of small dishes filled with tapas and appetizers. Another bottle of wine was brought out, a pale summer white, sweet and easy to drink. No label on the bottle, this was the local vintage. 

Kelly and I devoured everything, drank everything, feeding each other little bits of this and that, laughing, talking, slowly getting drunk. I hadn't been this happy in a very long time. She would rest her hand on my thigh and leave it there as we talked. I ran my hand along her neck and back, my fingers brushing strands of blond hair away from her face.

There was a pause in the conversation. She looked at me. My finger traced the lobe of her ear. Kelly sank towards me, her eyes closing, her mouth looking for mine. We kissed, softly, slowly, our tongues gently slipping back and forth. Soon Kelly's breath grew heavier, her tongue hungrier in my mouth. 

Her hand slipped under the leg of my shorts, slipping upwards, until her fingers brushed against the tip of my hardening cock. I moaned in her mouth. She teased me, stroking just the swollen head of my cock with her fingertips. She suddenly pulled her hand away.

"We better pay," she said.

I agreed.

When the waiter came to check on us Kelly paid for the meal. We were free to go, free to leave. Neither one of us moved.

"I don't want to go back yet," Kelly said finally.

"We can go dancing, I know a place," I replied.

Kelly slid over to me and threw her legs over mine, straddling me. She took my face in her hand and kissed me, her hands running up to my hair, grabbing on to it. Her mouth was hot and scented with wine, her tongue insistent. She finally broke the kiss and started looking around. Then up.

"What's up there?" she asked, nodding towards the wall behind us.

"I dunno," I replied.

The patio was only half the size of the restaurant, so something had to be behind us, beyond that wall. Kelly stood on top of the bench and reached up. 

"Help me up," she said, her toned hushed and excited.

I grabbed her under her butt and heaved her up. She scrambled up and disappeared. I looked around, but no sign of our waiter yet.

"Come on up!" she whispered from above.

She held out her hand to me and helped me heave myself over the wall. I rolled onto a flat roof that covered the other half of the top floor. A TV antenna rose in one corner, a chimney stack in another. But it was otherwise flat and empty, with barely a ridge around it to prevent us from falling off. It was dark up there, where few lights reached. Above us the dark sky was filled with stars.

Kelly was on me immediately, her hand reaching down my shorts for my cock. I fumbled with her dress, reaching between her thighs to find her pussy soft and already wet. We laid side by side, hands fumbling at each other's crotch, kissing wildly.

Kelly curled up and kneeled over my thighs, taking my cock in her mouth. I moaned as her hot wet mouth slid over the tip, her hand wrapped around the shaft, pumping it. I ran my fingers in her hair, trying to control the urge to push her head down, to shove my cock deeper into her mouth.

She sat up and scooted up, throwing a leg over my thighs, sitting on top of me. Her pussy pressed against my cock as she rubbed herself on top of me, her hands on my shoulders. The slick lips of her sex slid over the shaft of my cock, spreading her juices over it, over my balls. She crushed her clit against the tip of my cock, shaking her hips, teasing herself. My hands roamed her hips, cupping her ass.

My cock slipped into her pussy. No hands, just that brief slip between in and out, a tilt of the hips and now I was balls deep in her. We both gasped.

She pushed herself up and pulled off her dress. She was naked now under the stars, sitting on my cock, rocking herself to an orgasm. I cupped her breasts in my hands, my fingers playing with the hard nub of her pink nipples. She covered my hands with hers, tugging at her own nipples pulling them hard.

I started to thrust up, lifting my hips off the ground, pushing my cock deeper into her wet pussy. her breath came in short panting gasps. She was getting close. I was getting close.

Below us, a door opened.

Kelly froze, eyes wide, mouth open in a silent scream. 

The waiter was on the patio, clearing our table. We could hear the soft clinking noises of the dishes being stacked.

Kelly collapsed on top of me, trying to get low and remain unseen, our bodies pressed against each other. We both froze and listened, my cock still buried in her pussy.

The waiter seemed to move incredibly slowly.

I started to rotate my hips, moving my dick barely an inch in and out of her. Kelly started to breathe heavily, her mouth against my neck, her arms wrapped around my head. I pushed my hips up, crushing her clit against my pubic bone. I started rotating my hips again. Kelly started to breathe heavier. 

I put both hands on her naked ass, pushing her against me, keeping the pressure on her clit. I slid a finger closer to her cleft, brushing against her asshole. She gasped but didn't protest. My finger found her asshole again and stayed, putting pressure on it. She moaned again.

I was trying to keep everything in motion, my hips, my finger, focussing on her responses. I was hard, rock hard, but too focussed on her to be close to orgasm. One hand on her ass helped move her back and forth on my cock. The other hand slid down, found the well of her wetness, brought a finger back to her ass.

I pushed, and her ass opened. My finger sunk to the second knuckle. Kelly's breath caught.

The waiter walked away, arms probably loaded with plate. I didn't care.

I slipped another finger into her ass. She accepted it easily, pushing her hips back, fucking her ass on my fingers. I pushed in deep enough to have a hold. I really started pumping my cock into her, using the two fingers in her ass to pull her harder against me, against the cock filling her.

Kelly started to moan, a low guttural sound. Her pussy started spasming, her arms clenching against my head. I continued pumping, shoving my cock in her, my fingers slipping deeper in her ass as I pulled her closer to me. Her pussy continued to spasm around my cock, over and over again. Kelly was speechless, her head thrown back, mouth open, eyes closed, a single long exhale the only sound she was making as her orgasm shot through her body..

I finally stopped moving, mostly because my abs were on fire. I slowly pulled my fingers out of her ass. Kelly collapsed, breathing heavily, her full weight on me. I wrapped my arms around her, nuzzling her neck, leaving small kisses along her jaw.

"I want you to cum in me.." she whispered hoarsely.

She rolled off of me, suddenly exposing my wet cock to the cool night air. She laid on her stomach and stuck her ass up. She pulled at my shirt, pulling me to her.

I rolled over on top of her.

She spread her legs, inviting me between them. I laid on top of her, my cock nestling between the firm globes of her ass. She reached between her thighs, guiding my cock. I felt a warm slickness, an opening, I pushed. I sank into her ass. An inch at first. I froze, not knowing if it was a mistake, if she would push me back. Her ass was a tight ring around my cock. She rocked her hips and pushed, sliding her ass over the hard shaft of my dick. I got the hint.

There was no problem with lubrication. My cock was slick with her juices, and her pussy had been so wet we were coated in slick liquid down to our thighs. So I pushed more, pumping in short slow thrusts, until I was pressed against her ass.

Her hand was between her legs, her fingers grazing against my balls. I started pushing in and out of her. Her fingers dropped, grazing her slick pussy, slipping inside. I could feel her fingers against my cock through the walls of her pussy. That was too much. I started pounding her.

That's what she wanted. She bit her free hand, shoving her fist into her mouth to keep from screaming. I pushed hard and deep, long strokes in and out of her ass. The ring of her ass loosened, inviting me to push faster. I did. I was close to cumming. I was fucking this incredible girl in the ass on the rooftop of my favorite restaurant, under the stars, outside. The thought itself was enough to bring me to the edge. 

My cock felt huge and hard in her ass. My balls tightened, my head exploded, I think I went blind for about five seconds a I unloaded jet after jet of cum in her ass. Kelly was writhing under me, bucking and biting her hand, her scream of pleasure barely contained.

I collapsed on her, breathing heavily. She turned her head and we kissed, hungry to touch and taste each other. 

But my cock grew soft and soon slid out of her. I rolled over onto my back, staring up at the stars, trying to catch my breath. 

We both laid silently for a while in the warm night. Kelly curled up on her side, facing me. She was barely visible in the darkness, her shape outlined by the glow of the street lamps far below. Her face was in the shadows.

"Should we head back?" I whispered.

"Not yet," she answered quietly.

I waited a few moments, nervous. A question was forming in my head, tightening my gut. Finally, I asked.

"What happens next?" I asked hesitantly, "after tonight."

Kelly took so long to answer I thought she might not have heard me. Or had fallen asleep. But finally, she spoke.

"I don't know," she answered, her voice barely above a breath.

"Are we...," I stammered, "I mean, do you think we could continue..doing stuff. Together."

"I would like that," she replied, reaching out to me and laying her hand on my shoulder.

"Good." I said, a wave of relief and hope washing over me.

"Maybe...maybe we could keep it a secret. Just between the two of us," she whispered.

"Why?" I asked.

Kelly sat up. I could see her face and the swell of her breasts outlined against the darkness of the sky. She was beautiful.

She turned to me.

"Do you know a place where we can go dancing?" she asked.

"Sure. Not far at all. Is that what you want to do?" I replied.

She leaned in and gave me a peck on the lips.

"Yes. I want to dance, and have another drink!"

She stood up, her dress still pooled at her feet, and looked around at the Old Town spread around us.

"I wish I could stay naked," she said, "the night feels wonderful." 

But she leaned down and pulled her dress over her head.

"Come on, let's go dancing!"