 One day after football practice, Matt, our head coach, Jane, his wife, and I were talking about the upcoming holiday weekend, and they invited me over to their house for Jane's birthday party.

"It's just going to be people from football, some family, and a few co-workers." Matt told me. "Hell, it beats spending a Saturday night at home alone." 

"Yeah, and come solo. I've invited some of my single girl friends, and my sister will be there, too." Jane said. "And, bring a swim suit, the pool is going to be a popular spot." 

"Single women, in bathing suits, food and drink, and a pool? Well, with incentives like that, how can I say no?" I joked. "I'll be there." 

As we were leaving, Matt warned me about Jane's sister. "She's not really what I would think would be your type." he said. 

"She's a Bible-thumper, and she's recently separated, after she caught her husband nailing the choir director in their bed." 

"Not a problem." I told him. "Thanks for the warning."

By the time that I got there, the party was in full swing. Matt and Jane were already pleasantly buzzed, and the rest of the party was closing in fast. 

Jane, who on a normal day, is just plain gorgeous, was in fine form that day. She was walking around in a bikini, and looked breathtaking. When she saw me, she gave me a big hug, and I told her how good she looked.

"Hell, I'm not too bad for an old broad of 40, huh?" She said. "At least I can still wear a bikini!"

"And look damn hot in it, if I may say so." I told her.

"Oh, kind sir, you can say that ALL you like!" she giggled, and walked away to mingle with some of the other guests.

As I was watching her ass sway as she walked away, I felt a hand on my shoulder. I turned, and saw Matt standing next to me, watching me watch his wife.

"Yep, that is a fine sight, isn't it?" He asked. "And I get to play with that whenever I want." 

"You know, Matt, I'm not normally the jealous type, but I've got to say, I envy you." I told him.

"When you two are done drooling over my sister, can you start the grill, Matt?" We heard from behind us. " Some of us are getting hungry."

I turned to see who was talking to us, and was amazed. I knew instantly that this was Jane's sister. She looked exactly like Jane, only shorter, with reddish hair, and a smaller chest.

"Kurt, this is Janis, Jane's sister." Matt said, as he introduced us.

"Janis, it's a pleasure." I said, as I took her hand. "I can see that the beauty was well distributed in your family." 

"Yeah, thanks" She answered. "Matt, the food?" She reminded him, as she turned and walked away.

"Boy, isn't she the friendly one?" I joked, watching her, thinking that while she may have her sister's looks, and even a nicer ass from what I could see, she didn't have the personality.

"I told you. Listen, you cook, don't you?" Matt asked.

"Yeah, I'm at home on the grill, why?" I responded.

"Well, I'm a little too buzzed to really cook right now, and I've got to take care of something else. Would you mind?" He asked. "I'll get the food out to you, the coals are ready to go by now."

"Not a problem. Just keep the beers coming, too." I joked.

"Great. I'll get the cooler full of food, and get you some beers, and you should be all set." And with that, he was gone.

I made my way over to the grill just as Matt got the food and my beers there. 

"I'll be out in a few minutes. I need to take care of something." He told me, as he walked away.

I threw some burgers, dogs, steaks, and sausages on the grill, and popped open a beer.

When the first round of food was ready, I started to load the food into the trays that Matt had set out, and Janis walked up. 

"It's about time. I'm starving, and there are a lot of drunks here that need food!" She said. "And he's got YOU cooking?!?"

"Is there a problem with me cooking?" I asked. "Matt said that he had to take care of something, and asked me to run the grill. It's no problem. That's what friends do. You know, you really need to lighten up. This is a party. Have a drink. You'll feel better." 

"I don't NEED alcohol!" she blurted out, as she stormed away.

I just chuckled, and thought "That's what you think. You definitely need SOMETHING!", as I tossed the rest of the food on the grill.

A couple of minutes later, Janis came back to the grill, red-faced. "Well, I found out what Matt 'needed to take care of'," She declared.

"OK." I answered.

"Would you like to share, or are you going to keep it a secret?" I asked, getting tired of her snotty attitude.

"He's 'taking care' of my sister!" She said. "They're having ... sex ... in their bedroom right now. I went looking for them ,and I could hear her through the door! It's disgusting!!" 

"Well good for them" I said. "You must have been listening to them for a while. You were gone long enough, so it couldn't have been THAT disgusting."

With that, she looked like she was ready to slap me, but thought better of it, and just stormed away, taking some food with her.

After all of the food was cooked, and as I was eating, Matt and Jane reappeared, and he came up to me and thanked me for cooking.

"Hey, it was my pleasure." I told him. "Besides, apparently, I wasn't the only one doing some cooking." 

"What do you mean?" He asked.

"Janis went looking for you, and heard you through the door." I told him.

"Oh, geez. Now, I'm sure she's going to give Jane grief about it, too." He said.

"Has she always been this uptight?" I asked him.

"She's always been uptight, and holier-than-thou, but ever since she caught her husband, she's been even worse." He answered.

As the night progressed, people started to gravitate towards the pool. I was at the pool side bar, getting another beer, when Janis appeared. I knew that she had lit into Jane about what she had heard, and I was a bit peeved.

"You know, you really need to get off your high-horse and lighten up. You may think that you don't NEED alcohol, but in your case, it sure as hell wouldn't hurt." I told her.

"Oh, sure. I bet that's your answer to everything, isn't it? Drink yourself into a stupor, and everything will be fine!" 

"Have you always been this much of a self-righteous bitch, or did you have to practice at it to achieve this level?" I asked.

"Look around you. Do you see a bunch of stumbling drunks, or people having a good time? Ignore Rob over there in the corner, he doesn't count. A drink or two helps some people in social situations. God knows, it wouldn't hurt you."

She looked at me, and finally said "OK, fine, make me a drink. Do you know how to make a Margarita? I've always wondered what the fuss was over them." She told me.

"I make a great Margarita. I'll even make a weak one for your first one." I told her.

OK, I lied. I made a normal strength drink, hoping that she would get drunk, and pass out so that the rest of us could have a good time. 

It didn't work. As I was relaxing in the pool, talking to one of the other coaches' wives, Janis came up to me and asked if I would make her another drink. She said that she like the first one.

I made her another drink, and noticed Matt, Jane, and a couple of other people looking bewildered and amazed. I don't think that they could believe that I got Janis to have a drink at all, much less was making her a second.

After I handed her the second drink, I headed back to the pool, and Janis followed me.

I teased her, and told her that in order to really relax, and enjoy herself, she needed to get into the pool, too.

"I didn't bring a bathing suit." She told me.

"Well, I'm sure that if you ask your sister, she'll let you borrow one." I said.

Surprisingly, she did just that. While she was gone, Matt came up to me and said "Man, I don't know what you said, or how you did it, but thank you. I've known Janis for almost 20 years, and have never seen her have more than a glass of wine, at holiday dinners. I'm completely amazed."

Before I could say anything, Jane appeared, with tears in her eyes, and jumped in the pool to give me a big hug.

"Oh, my God, thank you. You have no idea how glad I am that she is finally starting to loosen up." She said.

At that point, Janis walked up and said "Jane, I can't wear this. It's too ... revealing."

I turned around, and saw her bare legs sticking out from under a cover up. "She may have better legs than her sister!" I thought "And that's saying something!" 

Well Jane and I eventually convinced Janis to just drop the cover up, and jump into the pool. If she sat down, and stayed in up to her shoulders, no one would notice. Surprisingly, she did it, but not before I got a nice glimpse of her body as she got onto the pool.

As the party progressed, and the people thinned out, Janis and I actually had a nice conversation. Of course, the third and fourth Margaritas didn't hurt.

Around midnight, I noticed that we were the only people left in the pool, and there were a two couples, from the football team, on the pool deck, getting quite amorous.

I noticed that Janis was watching them, and she let out a sigh.

"What's wrong?" I asked.

"Nothing. I just miss that kind of thing, that"s all. It's been a long time since I've had someone do that with me." She told me.

"Well, your ex is a jerk, and an idiot, if my opinion means anything." I told her, also thinking that if he had ever seen her like this, he probably never would have strayed.

"Oh, thank you. You are so nice" she said, and gave me a tight, drunken hug.

I let my arms stay wrapped around her maybe a second too long, and she pulled away and said that she had enough to drink, and got out of the pool, this time not even bothering with the cover up. "Damn", I thought, watching her walk away, "Her ass IS nicer than Jane's!"

I stayed in the pool for another minute, and Matt and Jane both walked up.

"Can I ask you a BIG favor?" Jane asked.

"Ask away, birthday girl" I teased.

"Can you drive my sister home? She can"t drive, and we don't want her to spend the night here, if you know what I mean?" Jane said, giggling.

"No problem. Let me dry off, and I'll take care of her."

After convincing her to let me drive her home, I helped her get into my truck, and we headed towards her place. She started to thank me for how nice I was to her, and that she really liked the drinks, like I couldn't tell that at this point. 

As we got to her place, I noticed tears in her eyes, and asked what was wrong.

"Do you think that I'm pretty?" She asked.

"No, I don't." I told her. "I think that you're gorgeous. That is beyond pretty."

She blushed, and asked "Do you think that my ... breasts ... are too small? They're not as big as Jane's ." 

I couldn't help looking at her chest (she was still wearing Jane's bikini), and told her, "No, they're not, but you're smaller than your sister. On you, tits that big would look silly." 

I noticed that she gasped when I said "tits", and apologized if I offended her.

"No." She said. "I'm just not used to hearing that word. Do you like my ' tits'?" 

"Well, in my opinion, Jane has 'tits'. You have 'boobs'. Tits are bigger, that's all."

She giggled, and said "Thank you, I think." 

"Now how did we get into this whole 'am I pretty' conversation?" I asked.

"I don't know. I guess I'm just wondering how, why ..."

"Stop wondering. You'll just drive yourself crazy. Trust me, been there, done that, even bought the t-shirt." I explained.

She looked at me and asked if I would like to come in to the house.

"What about your kids? I asked.

"They're at their grandmother's for the weekend." She said.

"OK, if you'd like, I'd be happy to come in and talk some more."

As I helped her out of my truck, I caught a nice glimpse of her crotch as she swung her legs out, and a nicer view of her cleavage as she bent down to pick up her things off of the floor. She noticed me looking at her, and smiled at me as she blushed. She didn't, however, cover herself up as we walked into her house.

When we got in, she asked if I minded if she stayed in the bikini, because she was too comfortable to change. 

"Did I look like I would mind, out side?" I asked.

She smiled and said, "Yeah, I guess that is a silly question." 

As we sat in her living room talking, the conversation became more personal. We talked about my divorce, and she mentioned her problems.

"I just don't understand what happened." She told me. "It's not like I'm THAT old and ugly."

"You are neither old, nor ugly" I told her. "You're in your early 40's. that's supposed to be a woman's peak sexual years. I told you earlier, your ex is a fool."

"Thank you." She said. "But he's not my ex. At least not yet."

"Do you plan on staying married to him?" I asked.

"No, in fact, I've already filed for divorce." She told me.

"Well, then, you can refer to him as your ex. That's the first step in moving forward." I told her.

"You know, you are just so sweet." She said, as she slid over and gave me a tight hug.

Holding her like that felt nice, and my hands started to slide across her back while we were hugging.

"Mmm, that feels nice." She said, as she squirmed in closer. "Hold me tighter, and don't stop."

When I heard that, I stood up, and told her that I couldn't do this. I can't sit here and hold her, and stroke her back like that.

She started to cry, and said "See, I'm NOT pretty. Even though I've been drinking, you're still not interested in me!"

"Are you nuts?" I asked. "The fact that you've been drinking is exactly why I can't do that. You are gorgeous, and I would jump at the chance to take you to bed, but I don't want you to regret it in the morning, and hate me for taking you when you're drunk."

"I'm not that drunk anymore, and I want you to take me. I want you to prove to me that I am gorgeous, like you say, and that I AM sexy. Prove it. Yes, I am still a little drunk, but if I wasn't, I wouldn't have the guts to tell you take me. Show me what I've been missing."

With that I walked up to her, stood her up, and wrapped my arms around her and gave her the biggest, most seductive kiss that I could, letting my hands slide up and down her back, and glide over her ass.

After a couple of minutes, while my hands were gently squeezing her tight little ass- cheeks, she pulled her head away from mine, and said "Take me upstairs. Please take me upstairs now. I need to be with you, now."

Fortunately, Janis lives in a tri-level, so upstairs is only seven steps up. I told her to hold on to my neck, and when she asked why, I bent down, and picked her up in my arms, and carried her upstairs. She's only about 5' 3", and 110 lbs., so that wasn't very difficult at all. 

When we got to the top of the stairs, she told me which room was hers, and I carried her there and gently laid her down on the bed. I got on with her, and started to kiss her more passionately, with my hands now covering her front as well as her back. When I got to her breasts, she gasped, and then put her hand over mine, and held it there.

I started to squeeze her a little more firmly, and she started to roam her free hand over my body, getting closer and closer to my stiffening cock. I let my fingers slide underneath one of the cups of her bikini top, and lightly grazed her nipple, which almost immediately stiffened. When I did that, she gasped, and pulled me in tighter and kissed me harder.

I pulled my fingers out of her top, and reached up to untie it. As I pulled it off, she put her hands over her small tits, and covered them up.

"Why are you hiding your boobs?" I asked.

"They're too small. I don't like them." She answered.

"Well, I do." I told her, as I moved her hands away, and bent down to kiss one of her nipples.

"Ohhhh!" Was her only response, as I slid my tongue over her closest nipple, and licked it softly and gently. She immediately reached up and pulled my head in tighter to her tit.

"Oh, my, that feels nice." She whispered, as I lightly clamped my lips over her nipple and started to suck on it.

I then switched sides, and licked and sucked on her other nipple, while I played with the one the I just left, massaging in the wetness that my tongue left behind. 

As I was working on the second nipple, I started to slide my hand down over her belly, and down to her bikini covered crotch. I could feel the heat and dampness on the panty.

I started to suck a little more firmly on her nipple, still teasing the other one, as I cupped her crotch and gave it a firm, light squeeze. When I did that, she gave a little yelp, and pushed up against my hand.

I let go of her nipple, moved back up to her face, and gave her a deep kiss as I stroked her still covered pussy. That caused her to really start kissing back hard, wrapping her hands around my head and pulling me in tight.

That was the point where I decided to slide my fingers under the gusset of the bikini bottom, and stroke her lower lips. When I got to the wetness, and slid my finger lightly over her clit, she pulled her head back, and gasped loudly.

"Oh my goodness!" She said loudly, as I started to work my face back down her chest and belly, my fingers still playing in her wet lips.

As I got past her belly button to the top of her bikini bottom, I pulled my fingers out, and she let out a moan, which was quickly replaced by an "Oh, yes!" as I started to pull the bottoms off.

After I pulled the bottoms off over her feet, I started to kiss my way back up the insides of her legs. She let her legs fall widely apart as I worked my way back up, and when I got to her crotch, I could feel the heat and the dampness, and smell her juices.

As I bent down to take my first taste of her juices, she grabbed my head and asked "What are you doing?" 

"What do you think I'm doing? I want to taste you" I told her.

"You do? Why?"

"What do you mean why?" I asked.

"Well my husb ... my ex, never kissed me there. He said that was dirty." She explained.

"You mean that in all the years you were together, he NEVER kissed, and tasted, your hot little pussy?"

She gasped again at hearing the word "pussy", and said, "No. I've never been kissed there. I told you, he said that oral sex was dirty." "Well, he truly was a fool." I told her. "Now lay back, and enjoy."

I went down to the bottom of her slit, stuck my tongue out and slowly and gently licked my way up her dampness, sticking my tongue into her wet hole a little, and working my way up towards her clit.

When I got to her clit, her breathing was becoming heavier, and I pulled back slightly, used my fingers to open her lips up, and gently blew on her clit. This caused another gasp, and her body stiffened slightly as she grabbed on to her sheets.

I stuck my tongue out, and lightly licked up one side of her clit, and then up the other side, intentionally avoiding the little nub of her clit. She started to move her hips around, so I started to give her light, quick little licks at the very tip of her clit.

"Oh my god!" She yelled, as I got just the tip of my tongue going onto just the tip of her clit.

Then I started to lick up and down the entire body of her clit, going from one side to the other. That started to make her shake, and her hips were moving even more.

I was starting to think that she was going to hyper-ventilate, so I slowed down a little, and placed the tip of my pointer finger at he opening of her soaking wet pussy. 

As her breathing returned to normal, I slid my finger in, and resumed the more vigorous licking. That really got her going, and I searched for that spot, on the top inside of her pussy, and started to stroke it as I clamped down on her clit, and sucked on it.

"Oh my god! What are you doing to me?!?!?" She yelled.

I pulled away for a split second, and told her "I want you to cum for me."
