 Thanks for reading my story -- it's my first, so please give me some constructive criticism!

----

Alex walked out of his back door, squinting at the bright light of the early afternoon. It was 1pm, Alex was just out of bed, he had a hangover, and he was in a bad mood. The routine of Friday nights out on the town was beginning to wear him down. Gaz, Steve, and the girls were a good laugh in the pub and he liked getting together with them. What he didn't like was the inevitable disintegration of the night into a boozy stagger to a nightclub. Although this almost always started well, Gaz and Steve would always end up dancing with their girlfriends, or worse disappear into a quiet corner with them for hours. Alex would always find himself stood at the bar about 1am, somehow having sobered up, knowing that he was bored but couldn't go home for another two hours -- the taxi was too expensive on his own. On these occasions he couldn't help but get a little maudlin the next day.

"I need a change," thought Alex, as he put down the washing basket and started to hang his clothes on the line, "I just don't know what." A movement in the corner of his eyes made Alex look -- he was pretty sure the curtains had just twitched at next door's upstairs window. His street was terraced, and next door had been empty for a couple of weeks. He hadn't been in at all on Friday though, going straight from work to the pub, so someone might have moved in during the day. He went back inside, hopefully his clothes would dry -- it was pretty cold out but it was bright, sunny and quite windy. He put on his coat and headed out the front door. As he walked out of his front door, he turned to walk past next door's window. He glanced in, and saw some boxes and bags of clothes piled up in the front room. Suspicions confirmed! Someone must have moved in yesterday. The door into the front room opened, and Alex quickly averted his eyes and carried on walking. The last thing he needed was for his new neighbours to catch him peering through their window.

It was a good twenty minutes walk to the newsagent, but Alex enjoyed this Saturday ritual. He bought a newspaper, some bread and milk, passed some conversation with the owner, and headed off home. He was looking forward to a quiet Saturday afternoon at home with the rugby, followed by a dvd and an early night. Still something nagged at him though.

He got back into the house and made a cup of tea. As he finished he turned round and looked out of his kitchen window at the washing line. His clothes had vanished! As usual in these situations his first conclusion was that his memory had played a trick on him. He replayed the morning in his mind -- dragging his smelly hungover self out of bed, grimacing under the shower, coming downstairs, taking his laundry out of the machine, and then... no, there could be no mistake, he'd hung it out on the line all right. Sigh. Mystified, he stood at the window for a good couple of minutes, until his bewilderment was interrupted by the doorbell. He walked back through the house, preparing to give the cable salesman who'd called at his house the last three Saturdays a piece of his mind. He opened the front door with a scowl on his face, which was promptly wiped off by the image in front of him.

"I expect you're wondering where your clothes are." Alex didn't say anything, baffled both by the mystery of the missing clothes, and the loveliness of the girl stood on his doorstep. Alex had always been awkward with pretty girls, and this one had him stood frozen, with his mouth hanging open, making a slight 'glug' noise instead of speech. 

"My name's Sarah, I moved in next door yesterday. Look, mind if I come in? It's bloody freezing out here." 

Alex glugged again, and stood aside as she walked into his living room. Once inside she looked at him questioningly. Realising himself, Alex blurted out: "Erm, the kettle's just boiled -- like a cup of tea?" 

"Yes thanks," said Sarah. 

She sat on the sofa while Alex went into the kitchen. As he stirred the cup he managed to get a grip on himself. He was instantly attracted to his new neighbour. She was very petite, but her presence had somehow managed to fill his doorway. She was well spoken, with an accent that he would almost have described as 'cut glass' English, had it not been soft enough around the edges to be irresistibly sexy.

He returned to the living room after a few minutes to find Sarah engrossed in his Top Gear magazine. She put it down and they sat facing each other, Alex perched awkwardly on the edge of an armchair, cradling his cup of tea almost like a security blanket. 

"I was just putting some things away in the wardrobe in my spare room," said Sarah, "and I looked out of the window to see that half of your clothes had blown off the washing line. Some were on your lawn, the rest were on the big bush at the bottom of my garden. I ran round and rang your doorbell, but you were out, so I climbed over the wall and collected them up. They're all in my tumble dryer at the moment." 

Alex laughed, and felt himself relax a little. "I was still a bit bleary eyed when I hung them out, I guess I didn't concentrate all that hard." 

"It's really windy," said Sarah, "it was really no surprise. So, erm, do you have a name?" 

Alex laughed again. "Sorry, I'm really spaced out today, and I guess I'm just coming to. I'm Alex, it's nice to meet you." 

They soon fell into easy conversation, and found out a little more about each other. 

"I've moved here from my mother's house -- she only lives about half a mile away but I couldn't stay cooped up there any longer," said Sarah.

Alex, without meaning to, raised an eyebrow and hesitated a second too long before replying. Sarah noticed, "I suppose you're thinking that I look a bit old to have only just moved away from home. You'd be right. I moved in there about two months ago when I split up with my boyfriend." 

"I'm sorry," said Alex. Sarah looked down at the floor for a few seconds before looking at Alex again. 

"Water under the bridge! Anyway, your clothes will be ready -- want to come round and get them?" 

Alex walked into her house with her, and followed her into the kitchen. Her things were still mostly boxed, and anyone could tell that she was nowhere near finished moving in. The furniture was all in place though, and what was on display looked tasteful and modern. Sarah put his clothes into a washing basket -- his washing basket he noticed, he must have left it in the garden -- and presented it to him with a smile. 

"Cheers," he said, "if you need any help this afternoon moving boxes or furniture or anything then I'd be delighted to return the favour." 

"I'd already though of something," replied Sarah. "It's cheeky I know, but I've a couple of boxes that just need putting in the attic, and I can't really reach from the top of the stepladder." 

Alex himself was about six foot two, and estimated Sarah to be around five foot seven. "No problem."

By a "couple" of boxes, Sarah had meant about a dozen. Alex stood at the top of the stepladder placing boxes through the hatch into the attic as Sarah passed them up to him for about twenty minutes. "Sorry", she said "these are things my mother doesn't want me to leave at her house, and I don't want cluttering up the place here. Half of it could probably be thrown away." 

"No problem," grunted Alex as he manoeuvred a box of what he suspected to be shoes into a spare corner of the attic. He had two reasons for not complaining. First, his planned afternoon now seemed as though it would have been a bit boring anyway, and second, he was getting plenty of opportunity to check out Sarah's body. She wasn't quite as thin as he first though. She was lean, but her breasts and her arse looked fantastic. Not only that, but he knew himself well enough to know when he had a crush on someone, and he could quite happily have spent all day in her company. 

Unknown to Alex, Sarah's mind was running along similar lines. He seemed worlds away from the man she had left two months ago -- "evil bastard", or Sean for short. She remembered that as she had packed her things to move out, Sean had just sat there on the sofa, throwing the occasional profanity her way, with the football on TV at top volume. The sad thing was that she knew he didn't particularly give a toss she was leaving, he had been in the exact same position when she had moved in. He was lazy, fat, arrogant and rude. She wasn't quite sure what on earth she'd been thinking, but as all of her friends were married (or as good as), she'd readily acted on the small amount of affection he'd shown her. Alex on the other hand seemed ideal. He was nice, polite, and hadn't hesitated in helping her move the boxes. If Sarah was honest with herself, she'd given him the task almost as a test. Also, she didn't mind the view she was getting of him. As well as being nice, Alex's body lent him a rough, ready and masculine edge that was peaking her interest. From her position at the bottom of the ladder, she was getting a good look at was unquestionably a nice bum, and could see the definition on the muscles his chest and arms, and they worked beneath the tight t-shirt he was wearing.

Before she knew it, Alex was climbing down the ladder looking slightly flushed with a smile on his face. "That's the lot, I hope!" 

Now it was Sarah's turn to hesitate -- she had been in the throes of a daydream that had been showing clear signs of turning a bit naughty and all of a sudden the subject of that daydream was stood six inches away from her with sweat on his brow, and his breathing quick. Alex, realising that Sarah was just staring at him, started to feel a little self-conscious and wiped his brown with his hand. Suddenly, he realised that Sarah's face was moving closer to his, her eyes fix intently on him. He went to take a step back, only to find that he was already stood against the landing wall. Emitting perhaps the loudest glug of the day, he closed his eyes as Sarah's lips came into contact with his. Once the shock of the moment was passed, he began to passionately return Sarah's feverish kissing. Sarah's mind was in turmoil -- she had never done anything remotely like this in her entire life. Somehow everything had come together and unleashed a part of her soul that she didn't know existed. Her pulse was racing, and all she could think of was the man in front of her. As she kissed Alex, she pulled him through her bedroom door and they sank onto her bed. Sarah started moaning into Alex's mouth, she didn't think that she had felt this horny in years. Suddenly Alex pulled away. She looked up at him, his lips wet from their passion, his breath quick. 

"You don't have to do this Sarah, I don't want to take advantage of you." If Sarah wanted him before, then she wanted him twice as much now. Sex with Sean had always been a little bit brutal on his part, the choice of the time, and the place, and the pace, had always been his. So was the pleasure for that matter. Yet here was this gorgeous man concerned that he was taking advantage of her while she was vulnerable. It struck her that if anything it was the other way round.

Alex looked down at Sarah. She looked up at him, clearly thinking about what he had said. He hoped she wouldn't tell him to leave. Her blond hair was spread around her head, and with that and her pale skin on the white pillow he thought she looked almost like an angel. "Alex." she said in a quiet voice. He flinched slightly, waiting for the rejection. "I've never wanted anyone more than I want you now. Please make love to me." When Alex didn't answer, Sarah reached up and began to draw his t-shirt over his head. He was still slightly sweaty, and as his muscled and toned chest came into view, the moisture gave it a shininess that took her breath away.

All of a sudden it was like a change had come over Alex. He groaned and almost ripped her top in his hurry to remove it. They almost wrestled as they tried to undress each other, and apart from an awkward moment when Alex remembered that no-one had ever invented a way to take off his socks and still look sexy, they were soon both down to their underwear, Alex's boxer shorts struggling to contain his erection, and Sarah's knickers being all that remained on her. Alex pulled the duvet on top of both of them to stop them from becoming cold, and they resumed their kissing, this time writhing their bodies against each other. Alex tentatively moved a hand on to one of Sarah's breasts, and she responded enthusiastically, grinding into him. He loved the feel of her breast, and realised his assessment from the top of the ladder had been right, they were fantastic. He went downwards to kiss her other nipple, and she groaned, and started kissing his neck and shoulder. As Alex really started to lay into her nipple with his tongue and teeth, she did likewise with his neck, until she was biting so hard it was painful. She threw him on his back and straddled him. All of a sudden it was his nipple that was being attacked by her mouth. No girl had ever done this to him, and he hadn't realised how sensitive his nipples were. He fondled her breasts, and realised that she was almost humping his thigh with her crotch. Sarah started kissing down his chest; his stomach was flat, with a small hint at a six pack. She tongued his belly button for a moment, and felt his hands start grasping her hair. With a flourish, she pulled down his boxer shorts. As she looked at what she found there, Sarah realised it must have been six months since she had done this. The privilege had been withdrawn from Sean a long time ago, but now she found herself leaning down to take Alex's penis in her mouth, and it wasn't for Alex, it was for her. She moaned as she started to lick up Alex's rock hard penis. 

Alex couldn't believe what happening he looked down his body. Following the trail of saliva that Sarah had left down his chest, he could see her under the duvet, taking hold of his cock, which was bigger than he'd ever seen it, and start to take it into her mouth. Only a couple of hours ago he'd been facing a solitary afternoon in front of the TV, and now the girl of his dreams was making them all come true. He started almost pulling Sarah's hair as she went to work on his cock. Sarah was moving up and down, and he gasped as he saw that she had the whole thing in her mouth, the tip of his cock must be somewhere in her throat, and he couldn't believe the sensations she was making him feel. Sarah grabbed onto his balls hard, and he almost lost it. Nothing could have prepared him for Sarah's next surprise however. Her fingers came down from his sides, sending shocks up his body as she tickled his skin. Their destination was soon revealed, as with shock he felt her gently slide a finger into his arse. The novel sensation overloaded Alex's brain and without warning he came hard. This time it was Sarah's turn to glug, as she swallowed Alex's hot cum.

Without any delay, and without giving him a chance to catch his breath, Sarah clambered back up his body and gave him a hard and needful kiss. He kissed her back, overcome with the pleasure she had given him. They rolled around the bed, Sarah moving her crotch against his leg while they kissed, his hand clutching her breast as if he were hanging on for dear life. But Alex had the advantage of Sarah. Now he had orgasmed he was able to see a little more clearly, and knew he wanted to make Sarah find her own release. He stopped her writhing by placing both hands on her shoulders, pinning her to the bed. He slowly drew his lips back from hers with a smile on his face. She moved her head up in vain trying to catch his lips, almost snarling in her attempts to make contact. Still smiling, Alex moved his lips to her nipple, wasting no time in running his tongue round the small hard bump, occasionally grazing his teeth against it. Without her realising he moved his hand downwards until suddenly he dipped it into her soaking knickers and touched her pussy. He found her clit and started rubbing his fingers against it gently, using her moisture to lubricate the action of her fingers. Sarah became even more crazy at this new sensation, and thrashed around on the bed. Alex kept his weight on her though, but started moving his mouth down her stomach as she had done to him. Soon he was moving his tongue against her clit. When she had gone down on him he had grabbed her hair, but gently. He was afforded no such courtesy, and she pulled hard on his head while panting his name as he went down on her. After a moment or two, just as he sensed she was coming round to her orgasm, she pulled so hard on his hair that he came back up to face her. She got control enough to face him, and in a deep voice groaned "Fuck me you horny bastard". The dirty words, in that wonderful well spoken accent, were enough to restore Alex's erection. He used his hand to line it up with her, and sank in.

Sarah couldn't believe the intensity of the pleasure she had been feeling while Alex had been tonguing her private parts. Sean had done it the odd time, but his attempts had been cursory, and she had given up cunnilingus as something that didn't really push her buttons. Alex's ministrations had been so intense she had been scared to let him carry on, and anyway she wanted to feel his wonderful penis deep within her. As he held his chiselled body above her, she looked down between her breasts, past his gorgeous body, to see his penis slowly enter her. She had never felt so full -- Alex's penis wasn't any bigger that Sean's, it just seemed to fit so well. As he went completely into her, she almost felt like she had experienced an epiphany: greater than sex, it was a completion of her soul. Alex moved out slightly, and she bucked up to meet him, and soon they were in a rhythm as ancient as time. She was clutching Alex's back as it moved up and down, and suddenly she came. Stars and fireworks appeared before her eyes, and every inch of her body felt like it was touching Alex and sending sparks up to her brain. 

Alex had never seen a girl cum so hard in his life, and the intensity of it made his lose control himself. If anything he came even harder than he had before, squirting his cum deep into her. He collapsed down on to her, then they rolled so their heads were inches apart on the pillow, facing each other. As they both came down from the experience, the stared into each other's eyes. Alex's emotions were so strong he failed to hold back a sob, and his eyes filled with water. Until he had let it out he hadn't realised what had been missing from his life, and it had caught him unawares standing on his doorstep. Sarah was beautiful, and he loved her.

As Sarah saw Alex's eyes fill, she pulled him even closer. She knew what Alex felt, and had recognised his loneliness. She had been through hell these past few months, and felt relief as she let down the barriers in her own mind she had erected. To be able to surrender herself to this man, who was so different from the brute she had known before, who was sensitive and clearly wanted her, was just the security she needed to face her new life.

They both looked at each other, and knew that nothing would ever be the same again.