 Shortly after the first anniversary of my divorce, my world changed dramatically. First, an uncle of mine passed away. My uncle Karl was a unique individual, a borderline genius who held a number of patents on many items that are now everyday, normal household items. Uncle Karl was also my confidant, a straight-talker who rarely held back. His only son, my cousin, had died years earlier, and I was his closest relative.

I wound up as his sole beneficiary, inheriting his entire estate, worth enough that I may never have to work again, if I choose. My uncle lived in a large, but modest, house in the nicest part of town. Not necessarily the nicest house, but certainly one of the largest pieces of property. The house needed some work done to it, but it was an incredible windfall.

Shortly after that, on a night out with some friends, we were talking about the upcoming multi-state lottery drawing, already at a near record prize. On a whim, we all decided to toss in a few bucks, and bought some tickets. Two days later, at a Sunday cook-out, we discovered that we were holding one of two winning tickets. 

We decided to take the pay-out over time, instead off taking it all at once, on the thought that it would be nice to have the government owe us money for the next 20 years!

Deciding that my new house was in good enough condition to live in as it was, I moved in right away and started making plans for the rehab. Along with my house, the was a coach house in the back of the property, currently being rented by a single mom with two teenagers.

The mom, who was about 10 years younger than me, was named Tammy, and very attractive. At first glance, I thought that she was an older sister or a younger aunt to the two girls, because she looked way too young to be the mother to kids that old. She is about 5' 3", and maybe 125 lbs., with long dirty-blond hair.

Shortly after I moved in, Tammy approached me about the possibility of buying her house. She told me that when she spoke with my uncle about it, he basically blew her off. When I told her that I would look into the matter for her, she thanked me, and walked away. 

I saw her about a week later, while I was doing some work on the house, and she was washing her SUV. I explained to her that I had my lawyer look into the idea of selling her the coach house, and because of zoning restrictions, it was impossible to separate the two properties. She was not too happy, but I told her that if she wanted, she could come over one night, and we could discuss her lease, and what we could do to make it more worth her money to continue renting from me. She agreed, and said that she would let me know when she could come by.

That weekend, as I was sitting out by the pool, enjoying a bourbon, and about to light up a cigar, Tammy came up the walk and asked if this was a good time to talk. I told her this was as good a time as any, and offered her a drink. She told me that she really didn't drink much, but that she would have a glass of wine. I poured her a glass of Riesling, and brought it out to her. We started talking about her lease, and we soon smoothed out a deal where she would pay half of what her current rent was, in exchange for helping me out with the yard work and landscaping.

I also told her that she and her kids were welcome to use the pool anytime they wanted, and that they could even have a few friends over, as long as it didn't get too wild. 

As we shook hands on the deal, I poured Tammy another glass of wine, and we started talking. I discovered that Tammy is a widow, that her husband was killed by a drunk driver when her kids were babies, and that she had raised the kids by herself ever since. I told her about my divorce, and we talked more. The longer we talked, the more I didn't want Tammy to leave. She was a pleasure to look at, very funny, and very intelligent. Unfortunately, though, her low tolerance, and the late time, caught up with us, and I walked her to her door. As she stood at her door, I thought I caught a look, a glimpse, that had some promise to it. I knew, though, that Tammy would take some time.

Over the next couple of weeks, Tammy and I talked a few more times before I finally decided to ask her out. More honestly, I would have to say that I had to build up the guts to ask her out. She just had that effect on me!

We decided to go to a local Mexican restaurant that was close to home. This was the first time in a few years that Tammy had gone out without her kids, and she felt a little nervous.

When the waitress first came to the table, I mentioned to Tammy that this place had very good Margaritas, so we ordered a couple along with our dinner. We had a very pleasant dinner, along with more conversation. We both seemed to be at ease talking with each other, so the conversation flowed smoothly, as did the drinks. As we finished dinner, we were polishing off our third round of drinks, and it was obvious that Tammy was starting to feel them.

When we left the restaurant, we decide to head back home, so Tammy could check on her kids. I invited Tammy to join me on my patio, where we could have another drink, which she agreed to.

It was such a nice evening, we just sat without talking for a few minutes. Finally, I asked Tammy if she wanted to go for a late night dip. She protested at first, but after just a little persuasion, she decided to run home and put her swimsuit on, and I did the same.

I was already in the pool when Tammy came back out. She was looking very nervous, in her beach wrap and flip-flops.

"I'm not so sure that I want you to see me in a swimsuit," she laughed. "It's not a pretty sight."

"Please," I responded. "I've already seen you in a dress, and in a wet tank top and shorts. I think that I can handle you in a swimsuit. Besides, you went in and got your suit on for a reason, so just hop in."

"Fine, but you have to turn around while I take off my wrap, and don't look until I say you can," she told me.

"What is this, junior high?" I teased her. "Just get in the pool."

Tammy laughed, and said "Fine. Just turn around." 

Letting out a mock, loud sigh, I turned, and Tammy jumped into the pool. 

We swam around a bit, and after a short while, I got out to get our drinks. As I got back in, and handed Tammy hers, I caught a look that told me that I had a window of opportunity tonight, if I was interested.

As we drank and floated, I stayed very near her, keeping the conversation very soft. At one point, I noticed that we had floated to a corner of the pool, and that Tammy"s back was to it. I decided that if I was going to make a move, it was now or never. The funny thing was, even after all of the women I've been with since my divorce, I was very nervous about this one!

I put my glass on the edge of the pool, and slowly moved towards Tammy. I took her glass, and placed it next to mine, and I leaned in and kissed Tammy, softly at first, but eventually wrapping my arms around her tightly, and kissing her with an intensity that surprised even me.

As I first moved in, I heard a whimper coming from Tammy, and she started moaning more as our kissing intensified. Our bodies were rubbing against each other, and our hands were all over each other.

I soon stared moving my lips to Tammy's neck, and I could almost feel her melt in my arms as I kissed and nibbled her neck, as I held her tight.

"Oh, my god," she breathed as I worked just under her ear. "You went right to my soft spot."

"Just wait," I told her. "I'm just getting started."

"Oh, yessss..." she moaned, as I worked my way to the other side of her neck. 

As I worked on her neck, I kept gliding my hands over her body, slowly working my way towards her front. The first time that I brushed my thumb over the side of her breast, I heard her gasp lightly, and I felt her shudder.

I steered us towards the shallow end of the pool, and once I was able to put my feet on the bottom, I pulled her in tight again, and resumed kissing my way down her neck to her chest.

Tammy kept holding on to me, gasping as I kept finding her soft spots. I started working my way towards her chest, following her neck, until I reached the strap on her swimsuit.

I slowly started moving the strap off of her shoulder, causing her to inhale sharply as the top of her breast was exposed.

"Should we be doing ... this ... here?," Tammy asked me softly.

"This corner of the pool is very secluded," I told her, as I moved to the other suit strap.

As I slowly and softly pulled one cup down with my mouth, exposing her left breast, she raised a hand to cover herself. As I looked at her, she told me, "I don't like my body. I don't want you to see it like this yet."

"Well, I like you body, what I've seen of it, and I want to see more of it," I whispered to her. "In fact, I want to see all of it."

"No, you don't," she whispered back . 

"Yes, I do," I told her, as I gently removed the hand covering her breast.

"No," she said, "My boobs are too small, and what is there sags, my belly..."

I cut her off with a kiss, and told her, "Don't argue with me. I know what I like, and I like what you have. You are almost my age, and have two kids. I don't expect you to have the same body that you had when you were 18. Hell, I know that I don't."

"Yeah, but ...," she started.

"No buts," I told her. If you want to stop, we will stop. Otherwise, I would like to resume my exploration of your cute little body."

Continue, I did, with great pleasure. Tammy's body was amazing. She was very responsive, squirming and gasping as I worked on her sensitive nipples. Her breasts were small, about an A-cup, but looked great on her body, and her nipples stuck out almost an inch. 

I placed my thumb and forefinger on either side of one nipple and gently stretched the skin tight. I then leaned in and flicked my tongue very quickly over the stretched out, sensitive piece of erect skin. I pulled back for a second, gently blew on the nipple, and then resumed licking it, and started sucking on it .

By now, I had backed us into the corner where the stairs are, and I sat down, pulling Tammy onto my lap, straddling me. I had switched nipples by now, repeating the process on this one, and I could tell that Tammy was getting heated up.

Telling Tammy to wrap her legs around my waist, I stood started walking back in to the pool depths. I eventually found the air mattress that I was looking for, and placed Tammy onto it, keeping her butt at the edge, and her legs over my shoulders. 

I heard Tammy sigh as I laid her back, and I started kissing my way up her thighs. As I reached the steamy junction between her legs, she sighed and moaned as I placed a kiss on her moist covering. I could feel her hands on the back of my head as I kissed her there, not pulling me in, more like just holding me in place.

As Tammy relaxed on the floating mattress, I reached up to her hips, grabbed the sides of her bottoms, and pulled them off, slowly. 

As I pulled them off, and looked up at her at this angle, I was enjoying the sight. I had I beautiful view of her sparsely covered pussy, the tankini top rolled down over Tammy's belly, and her pert nipples sticking up beyond that.

I leaned in and gave Tammy's wet pussy, enjoying how her juices overpowered the pool water. Tammy gasped loudly as I flicked my tongue over her clit, and she stiffened, grasping my head again. I continued my teasing and licking, as I held her in tight. It didn't take long for Tammy to start breathing loudly and heavily. Soon after that, she started to shake, and then her legs stiffened, she grabbed a hold of my head, and started to moan. 

"Oh my god!" Tammy yelled, as she came wetly, all over my face. "Oh my god oh my god oh my god!"

"I had know idea that I could cum like that!" she told me as she came down from her orgasmic high. 

"Just wait," I told her. "It's early yet."

I reached down and pulled my trunks off, throwing them to the side of the pool. I then pushed Tammy further onto the big air mattress, and I climbed on with her. 

As she lay there, catching her breath, legs spread wide, I climbed up and started slowly rubbing the head of my cock on her wet opening, and spread her juices up onto her clit.

"Mmmm ...," Tammy moaned softly. "That feels good." 

"I hope you like how this feels, even more," I said, as I slowly started sliding my hard, thick cock into her moistness.

I had barely gotten the head in, when Tammy stopped me, and asked, "Oh my god! What are you putting in to me?"

"It's just me," I told her, pushing a little more in.

"Stop," she told me. "I want to see how big you are. You are already filling me better than I have ever felt." 

I slowly pulled out what of my cock was in her, and slowly straightened, showing Tammy my proud, pulsing rod.

"Oh, my!" she said softly, reaching out to feel my hot, pulsing pole. "This is the biggest one that I've ever seen."

As she let go, I lowered my self back down, and placed the head back at her wetness. She almost felt hotter and wetter than when I first tried sliding in to her.

I placed the tip of my cock just into the wet opening, and looking into Tammy's eyes, I asked softly, "Are you ready?"

Tammy just nodded slowly, grabbing on to my arms, and I slid as deep in to her tight pussy as I could on the first thrust. I was about 3/4 of the way in, and Tammy's eyes were wide open, with a shocked look on her face.

"Are you OK?," I asked her.

"Oh, yeah," she whispered, holding tight to my arms.

Soon, I could feel her start to move her hips a little, getting used to the feeling of my cock in her.

"You feel so good," she said softly. "I've never felt this full."

"Do you like the way this feels?" I asked her.

"Oh, yes," she said as she wiggled her hips a little more, "You feel so good!"

"Well, then tell me how this feels," as I backed out a little, and then shoved the rest of my cock into her hot, wet hole.

"Oh my god!" Tammy exclaimed, as I apparently touched bottom. "Don't move!"

I stayed like that, buried balls deep in Tammy's pussy. I could feel her tight pussy pulse, as she got used to my girth. Soon enough, though, Tammy started to move her hips around again, and I started to slide in and out of her squeezing pussy.

"Oh, yes," Tammy whispered as I started to get a rhythm fucking her on the floating air mattress. "Oh, my god, that feels so good!"

We soon rolled over, with Tammy on top, and she rode me, bringing herself to more orgasms. After a few minutes, our motion brought us to the edge of the pool, and I got an idea.

I turned the mattress, and brought my body down, until I had my feet at the edge of the mattress, against the wall of the pool. 

Tammy was still sitting on top of me, impaled on my cock, as I was doing this. I can't ever remember feeling like this, with her pussy constantly pulsing and squeezing.

As I got to where I wanted to be, I placed my heels on the edge of the pool, at ground level. I then started to elevate my ass, lifting Tammy with me. She started to moan as I continued to fuck her like this, and I pulled her down to me, so that we were laying face-to-face, my legs elevated, my ass on the air mattress, buried deep in her wet tightness.

As I held Tammy tight, I started to fuck her, gaining speed as I went. This had her gasping and moaning, and soon she was shaking, holding tight to me, as I felt a gush of warm liquid running down my balls and the crack of my ass.

Tammy was moaning and babbling incoherently as she held on to me, as she came down. Soon, though, I started to fuck her again, and Tammy's eyes flew open.

"Oh,no," she said to me. "You've got to stop. I want to make yo happy now."

"You are making me happy," I told her. "Just watching you cum is a thrill."

"You know what I mean," she said. "I want to make you cum. How do you want me?"

I smiled, and told her, "Roll over, on to your belly."

Tammy smiled back, and said, "Yes. I like it like this, too."

As she lay flat on the mattress, I climbed behind her, straddling her hips. I took my cock, and rubbed it on to her soaking wet pussy, taking in the view. "Tammy really has a nice ass," I thought to myself.

I placed my cock head at the hottest, wettest spot, and pushed all the way in. My pubic hairs were tickling Tammy's ass as I plunged all the way in, and Tammy gasped loudly.

I got up on my knees, as best I could, and started fucking Tammy's tight pussy from behind. Tammy was moaning loudly, saying things like, "Oh, yes, do it. Oh, god that feels good. Don't stop!"

As she was getting louder, and thrashing around more, I was enjoying one of the best fucks that I have ever had.

Soon, though, with all of her moving, moaning, pulsing and squeezing, I knew that I was not going to last much longer. The way that her pussy felt on my cock, hugging and squeezing and rubbing on me, I started to feel those sensations, and told Tammy that I was going to cum.

"Oh, yes, cum for me!" Tammy breathed loudly. "Cum deep inside me. I want to feel you cum deep in my pussy."

Tammy then raised her head, throwing her hair around, so I reached up and grabbed a handful of hair. As she was thrusting back at me, I started pounding her pussy and pulling her hair.

"Oh god yes!" Tammy yelled as I slammed into her. "Oh, god, that feels so good!"

That was it. I knew that it was over, and grabbed onto one hip with one hand, her hair with the other, and pulled her back onto me with both. 

"OHH!!!" Tammy screamed, as I plunged balls deep into her, and felt my cock explode.

After a couple of minutes, when my cock finally stopped throbbing, and her pussy stopped pulsing, I was able to lie flat on the mattress, and pulled Tammy in close.

"That was incredible," Tammy told me. "I have never cum like that in my life. I don't think that anybody has ever made me cum that many times, throughout a relationship, much less in one session!"

"You were incredible yourself," I told her.

We both lay back, and soon drifted off to sleep. I awoke as the sun started coming up, and I woke Tammy.

"I'm sure that you want to get home before your kids wake up," I told her.

"It's Saturday. My kids won't be up until 10, at the earliest. That gives me plenty of time to reward you for last night."

Tammy then crawled between my legs, and took my soft cock in her hands.

As she leaned down and started to kiss and lick it, my cock started to respond, and Tammy had more to work with.

For a woman who had only been with three other men, and claimed that she couldn't give head very well, Tammy had me ready to go in no time.

"Let me play with you, while you do that," I told her as her head bobbed up and down on my stiff cock.

"No," she told me, "This is for you. You just lay back and enjoy."

Enjoy, I did. If she was telling me the truth about her experience, or rather the lack of it, then this was a woman with a natural, untapped talent. I have never felt a woman take me as deep as she could, and still get her tongue to move along my shaft.

After a few minutes of treatment like that, I was shocked when I felt my balls begin to roil, and I was soon telling Tammy that I was going to cum.

Tammy just started to stroke my shaft faster, and plunging her face down farther, as she tried to milk me of my cum. It didn  t take long, the way that she was working on me, and I told her that I was cumming. Tammy just swallowed my cock, taking my hot juice down her throat moaning almost as much as I was.

When I had finally come down to Earth, Tammy was laying back down with me, her head on my chest.

"I like your pool," she said softly, as her hand was rubbing my chest.

I didn't see Tammy the rest of the day, or the next, as we both had running around to do. When I did see her next, though, I was sitting by the pool again, having a beer. Tammy came walking up, and as I handed her a beer, she looked at me and asked, "Can we talk for a minute?"
