 When I awoke a couple of hours later, I had a hard-on, and an empty bed. I knew that the hard-on was caused by an intense need to pee, but seeing that the bathroom door was open, with no light on in the bathroom, I had no idea why my bed was empty.

I decided to heed my bladder's cry and empty it, before I investigated the second problem. It turns out that by the time I made it back to bed, Tammy was already there.

"I'm sorry, sweetie," she told me. "I hope we didn't wake you."

"We who?" I asked. "And why would you have woke me?"

"Well," she started, "when I got back from the bathroom, I thought I heard a noise, and when I went to see what it was, I heard Lynn crying."

"Why was Lynn crying?" I asked, playing dumb.

"She was crying because she could hear us making love, and she misses the intimacy, the warmth, all that stuff." 

"Well, Lynn is a beautiful woman," I told Tammy. "I'm sure that when she's ready to start dating again, she'll have no problem finding a good man."

"That's the problem," Tammy started to tell me. "She's afraid of dating again. She'd been with Mario ever since High School. She's never been with anyone else."

"You're telling me that Mario is the only man that Lynn has ever gone out with?" I asked her.

"He's the only man that she's ever been with," Tammy repeated.

"Poor girl," I said softly as I held Tammy while we lay in bed.

I hadn't expected this kind of reaction from Lynn, and I was starting to wonder if I had pushed things too far. I had anticipated sexual frustration from Lynn, but opening this emotional can of worms was something that I didn't expect.

The next morning, I woke to an empty house. The kids weren't due back until mid- afternoon, so I knew that Tammy and Lynn must have gone out to hit the early sales. 

I was sitting outside, reading the Sunday papers, when the women made it back home. They were whispering and giggling like a couple of schoolgirls as they walked towards me.

"Hi honey," Tammy said as she gave me a kiss. "You were sleeping so nicely, I didn't want to wake you. We just did a little shopping."

As I kissed Tammy, I noticed that Lynn was watching us, but she had a big smile on her face. Not what I expected, considering the crying fit last night.

"Well, it looks like you girls had a good time," I told them. "I'm glad that I overslept. It gave you two some time together." 

When I said that, both women giggled again, and we went into the house. I knew from some of the bags that they were carrying that they had been lingerie shopping, among other things, and Tammy would want to tease me a little with her purchases.

As Tammy and I walked into the bedroom, Lynn went to the guest room to gather her things. 

"She looks like she's in a pretty good mood," I told Tammy.

"Yeah, we had a nice talk," Tammy told me. "We also kind of came up with a solution to her problem."

"What problem?" I asked.

"Her fear of starting to date again," she answered.

"OK, so what's the solution?" I asked.

"You," Tammy answered, matter-of-factly.

"Me?" I responded, not liking the way this conversation was headed.

"Yes, you," Tammy told me. "If you'll help, of course."

Now I REALLY didn't like the way this conversation was headed. I could envision some kind of feminine blackmail being employed here.

"OK, what's going on?" I demanded.

"Well, you are going to take Lynn out on a date," Tammy told me, with her bright blue eyes batting at me, "so that she can get used to being out with a man again."

"You want me to take your cousin on a date?" I asked Tammy, shocked.

"Actually, a couple of dates," she responded. "She needs to feel comfortable around men again, and she needs to know that not all men are selfish assholes."

Seeing the apprehension in my face, Tammy kissed me and whispered in my ear, "Trust me, you won't regret it."

The next week end, I took Lynn out on our first date. We went to my favorite Mexican restaurant, a place that we had taken Lynn before. I knew that she would be comfortable there, so it was a perfect place to start.

This was the first chance that Lynn and I had to actually be alone together, and I was quite pleased at the conversation. We talked about her daughter, her plans for finding work, and her hopes for the future. It was, quite honestly, a very pleasant evening. It also didn't hurt that after I dropped her off at the guest house and went back to mine, Tammy proceeded to reward me with a heart-stopping lingerie show, and followed that with one of the best blow jobs that she had ever given me, which is saying a lot.

On our second date, I took Lynn to a Mid-Eastern restaurant, knowing that she actually preferred more vegetarian dishes. This time, she dressed a little more daring, wearing a skirt that reached just above her knees, and a blouse that was unbuttoned a bit, showing a little glimpse of neck and cleavage.

After dinner, I took Lynn out for a few cocktails, and she started to relax a bit more. The club we were at had a band playing, so I took Lynn out on the floor. I did my best not to look too bad during the faster songs, and then, thankfully, the band slowed it down a bit.

I took Lynn in my arms, and we started to sway slowly to the music. Being used to having Tammy in my arms, Lynn felt a bit different. As I have said before, she is taller, and fuller in her body than Tammy.

Her breasts were also bigger than Tammy's, and I could feel them press into my chest as we danced. Between the way that she felt, and the smell of her perfume, I was starting to get a bit excited. Not wanting to freak Lynn out, I suggested that we sit as the first slow song ended.

"I want to dance a bit more," she answered. "It's been a long time since I have danced like this."

Not wanting to disappoint her, I danced for a while longer with Lynn. Eventually, though, we returned to our table. We decided to have one more drink, and Lynn started to tear up. When I asked her what was wrong, she said that she was jealous of Tammy, because Tammy had someone like me in her life, and Lynn also felt guilty because I was, as she put it, "wasting my time" with her.

I tried to calm Lynn by telling her that she would find someone, probably even better than me, and that I certainly didn't feel like I was wasting my time, because I was enjoying my time with her.

"Well, I could certainly tell that you were enjoying yourself a few minutes ago," she giggled.

"Yes, I was," I answered. "I like the way that you felt in my arms. You are a beautiful, intelligent woman, and you are a pleasure to be with."

Lynn blushed, finished her drink, and told me that she was ready to head home. I drove us back to my home, and walked her to her door. Lynn then shocked me when, as I leaned in to give her a hug, she kissed me softly on the lips instead.

"Thank you, for everything," she whispered as she looked me in the eye, and then unlocked her door and went in.

When I got back to my place, Tammy was waiting for me in my bedroom. After making me tell her all about the evening, she then undressed me, climbed on top of me, and proceeded to fuck me silly. 

I thought that would be the end of my dating duties with Lynn, but a couple of days later, Tammy told me that she wanted me to take Lynn on one more date. I could tell that she had something up her sleeve, but she played dumb every time I asked her about it.

"I just think that Lynn needs one more date with you," Tammy told me. "After a third date, she'll know what it is to be with a real man, one who truly knows how to treat his woman."

The combination of the look in her eyes, the tone in her voice, and her choice of words made me very wary, but I could also tell that she was not going to tell me anything more, or take no for an answer.

Knowing that arguing with her was futile, I told her that I would take Lynn out once more, but that was it. I reminded her of a conversation that we had not too long ago, where we both agreed that the third date was quite often the date that either led to a "This isn't going to work, we should go our separate ways" talk, or ended up in bed.

"I know that," was all Tammy said, as she walked away from me chuckling. Now I KNEW that I was in trouble!

Two weeks later, Lynn and I had our third, and last, date. Tammy spent most of the day with her, shopping and, in Tammy's words, "Getting her ready." Ready for what, she wouldn't tell me.

Around 6:00, Tammy finally came home and told me that she was taking the girls out to dinner and a movie, and then the girls would be having a sleep-over at the guest house, my son was spending the night at a friends house, and Lynn would be ready in half an hour.

"Have a good time tonight," Tammy told me as she was leaving. "Just be easy with her. Lynn hasn't been on a "third date" in a long time."

"Just what exactly do you expect to happen tonight?" I asked.

" 'Exactly', I'll leave up to you," Tammy told me. "I know that you have a very good imagination."

"Tammy, you sound like you expect me to sleep with your cousin tonight," I said, a bit wary.

"Honey," she started, "I want you to go on this "third date" with Lynn. This is my idea. I love you both very much. I want Lynn to be happy, and I know that you can do that for her. Like I said, just be easy with her." Tammy then left to go pick up the girls. I was stunned, not knowing what to think or say.

I went over to pick Lynn up, and I was speechless when she came down the stairs. She was stunning! She was wearing a dark, flowery dress that buttoned all the way down the front, with a belt across her waist. It went about halfway down her gorgeous legs, and she had the top and bottom three buttons undone, showing off more cleavage and thigh than I had ever seen her show. Her legs were bare, and she was wearing three inch heels.

As I stood there, amazed at how she looked, Lynn smiled at me and said, "I take it this meets with your approval?"

"Yeah, you could say that," I told her.

"Good," she responded. "Are you ready to go eat? I'm starving."

I took Lynn to an Italian restaurant known for it's wine list as well as it's pasta creations. When we were seated, I ordered a bottle of Burgundy to start us off as we perused the menu. I was having a hard time concentrating on the food choices with Lynn showing that much cleavage. Lynn saw me looking, and just smiled.

Throughout the meal, Lynn flirted with me, throwing in quite a few double entendres. I decided to just go with the flow and see what happened. If Tammy wanted me to sleep with her cousin, and her cousin was leading the way all night, who was I to go against the wishes of both women?

As we finished dinner, and the bottle of wine, Lynn excused herself to go to the bathroom, and told me that I should order another bottle of wine.

The waitress was opening the second bottle just as Lynn returned from the bathroom, and she did a double take as she greeted Lynn, and then she gave me a raised eyebrow smirk as she looked at me. Apparently, Lynn had undone another button at both the top and bottom of her dress while she was gone, showing off even more skin. By now, she only had three buttons holding her dress closed.

"Enjoy yourselves, folks," the waitress said, as she left.

"Oh, we will," Lynn responded, smiling at me.

As we drank the second bottle, I decided to go for broke and took Lynn on to the dance floor. As I held her close, my hands roamed over her back, and down to her ass. As my hands slid over her hips, I felt nothing but smooth skin under her dress.

"I'm not wearing any panties," she whispered in my ear. "This dress is too tight, and I didn't want to have any panty-line showing. I hope you don't mind."

I pulled her in tight, so that she could feel my rising erection. "Does that feel like I mind?" I asked her.

"No, it feels like you like it," she said, as she settled herself into my arms.

Dancing with her like that, holding her body against mine knowing that there was nothing under her dress other than her bra, caused my cock to rise fully. Soon it was pressing against her, and she moved her hips so that my erection was pressing on her mound.

We danced a couple of songs like that, rubbing against each other, and then we decided to go back to our table. Before we left the dance floor, however, I had to have Lynn walk directly in front of me, because I didn't want my bulge to be too obvious. Lynn laughed at my predicament, and wiggled her hips as she walked.

As we sat at the table, we finished the bottle and decided to leave. As we walked out of restaurant, I noticed how much attention that Lynn was getting from both the men and the women that we walked past. Of course, a lot of the attention that she got from the women was in the form of dirty looks and leers, but I could tell that she enjoyed it regardless.

As we got to my truck, I walked her to the passenger side, and before I opened her door, I pressed her up against the side of the truck and kissed her. I gave her a long, hard, passionate kiss that escalated in intensity as it went on.

As we kissed, our hands were roaming over each other's bodies, and I slid a hand up under her dress along her long, lean legs. When I reached her pussy, I found that she had shaved it, and that she was almost dripping wet. 

I flicked a finger along her slit, teasing her clit, when she tried to stop me. "Someone might see us," she told me.

"You like to watch, but not be watched?" I asked, kissing her neck just below her ear.

I heard her gasp, and she tried to push me away when I said that.

"You know that I saw you watching Tammy and me," I told her. "Why are you so shocked?"

Looking me in the eye, Lynn grabbed me and pulled me in tight again, and kissed me, pulling my ass in tight to her.

"Get in the truck," I told her, as I pulled myself away from her writhing body, and opened up her door.

She climbed in, spreading open the skirt of her dress, flashing me her wet, gleaming pussy. Smiling at her, I gave her a swat on her ass and went around to my side of the truck.

As I started up the truck, I told Lynn to open up her dress all the way. She did as I told her, and I pulled out on to the street. I knew that we were only about half an hour from home, so I didn't want to waste any time.

"I want you to take off your bra, and I want you to play with yourself," I told her as I slowly cruised along the road. Again, Lynn did as I told her, and took off her dress, freed her breasts, and started to squeeze her breast as she slid a finger along her wet pussy slit.

I could tell that Lynn was nearing her orgasm as I drove up the driveway, and I didn't want that, just yet. I reached over and took the hand on her pussy in mine. Bringing her wet fingers to my lips, I looked her in the eye as I lick them clean.

"Mmm, tasty," I told her.

I heard her moan as she went to place her fingers back into her wet hole, but I stopped her. "Put the dress around your shoulders," I told her. "We are home."

Draping her dress around her naked body, Lynn followed me into the house and up to the guest room, where she had slept earlier in the summer. I noticed that the bed was turned down, and the balcony doors were open as we walked in, which wasn't how it was earlier.

I turned the lights on low, put some soft music on the radio, and removed the dress from her shoulders. I then told Lynn to lay down on the bed, and to continue playing with herself, as I undressed.

Lynn watched me as I stood at the foot of the bed, watching her as she ran her hands across her body. As she tweaked her nipples with one hand, and slid the fingers of the other along her wet pussy lips, I removed my clothes.

As I dropped my pants around my ankles, she dipped a finger into her wet hole, moaning. I stood there, wearing only my boxer-briefs, and grabbed my hard cock, giving it a light squeeze. Lynn moaned again, and dropped her other hand to stroke her clit while she fingered herself.

I hooked my thumbs into my shorts, and pulled them down slowly, trying to tease her a little more. When I finally pulled my shorts down, my hard cock sprung up, and Lynn moaned again, loudly, and dipped a second finger into her gleaming wet, bald pussy.

"Do you like being watched as much as you like watching?" I asked her softly, stroking my cock as she slid her fingers in and out of her pussy.

Lynn didn't say anything, she just nodded as she continued fucking herself, humping her hips now. I walked up the side of her bed, and presented my stiff, hard cock to her mouth. When she reached up to wrap her fingers around my stiff shaft, I told her, "Keep your hands on your body. Use your mouth on my cock."

Lynn was having a hard time reaching my cock, so I placed her flat on the bed, with her head hanging off so that she could suck my cock while she stroked her now dripping wet snatch.

Her mouth felt good on my cock, but I could tell that she wasn't comfortable in that position, so I moved her again. As I pulled my cock out of her mouth, I heard a little 'pop', and a moan. 

I turned her again, so that her head was on the pillows, and I climbed onto the bed. With my cock rubbing against her thigh, I lowered my head to Lynn's breast and started to lick and suck on her nipples.

Lynn moaned loudly and brought one hand up to my head, and pressed my head to her breast. She kept the other hand in her pussy, sliding her fingers in and out. I alternated nipples, sucking on one, and then the other. 

I gently pushed both tits together, placing the nipples next to each other, and flicked my tongue across both, and sucked both into my mouth. When I did that, Lynn again moaned loudly and pulled my head in tight.

After a minute or so of that, I let her breasts go and started kissing and licking my way down her body. I crossed her belly, flicking my tongue in her belly-button, and she giggled. I then proceeded down towards her pussy, where her fingers were still sliding in and out.

As I was about to work my way around her thighs, Lynn removed her fingers from her pussy and brought both hands to the sides of my face. I took her wet, glistening fingers in my hand and started licking them clean, savoring her taste.

"Are you going to ... kiss me ... there?" she asked softly.

"I'm going to kiss you, and lick you. I'm going to kiss and lick all over your pussy," I told her.

"I don't ... I've never been .." she started to tell me.

"Never?" I asked her, surprised.

"Never," she responded. "Mario said that real men didn't ... do that."

"Well, I'm not Mario, and he's not exactly would call an expert on what men do," I told her, as I lowered my head between her thighs.

I started at her knees, and kissed the insides of both thighs, working my way up towards her steaming pussy. By the time I reached the juncture between her legs, Lynn's thighs were spread as wide apart as she could get them, and I placed a kiss at her clit.

"Ohhh," she moaned, and pulled my face in tighter. As I kissed and licked my way along her wet, dripping slit, Lynn moaned and gasped more and more, and started moving her hips around.

As I slid my tongue into her tight, wet hole, Lynn moaned louder, and her hands dropped to the bed, as if she was weakened by the feel of my tongue sliding in and out of her. 

I slid my tongue out, and slowly dragged it up her slit towards her clit. When I reached her little nub, I flicked it softly and brought my hand up to her pussy.

I flicked my tongue on her hard clit as I moved one finger across the opening to her hot, wet hole. As she gasped, I wrapped my lips around her clit, slid my finger in to her slick hole, and softly sucked on her nub.

"Oh my god!" Lynn gasped as I sucked on her clit, flicked at it with my tongue, and buried my finger deep into her pussy. "Oh my god that feels so good!"
