 On my way in to work one Friday, my project manager called me. He needed me to go trouble shoot something at a job that I had run. We had done a "life style center", which was basically a fancy name for a large mini-mall, and a high-end hair salon/spa was having problems with their power.

He told me what the problem was, and that the manager of the salon would be there around 11:00. I made sure that everybody at my current job was set with their assignments, and headed out. 

When I got to the salon, I was told that the manager was in an interview, but the receptionist, this cute, young girl, was able to give me a little more information about what the problem was. It took me about an hour to figure out exactly what was wrong and correct it.

As I walked back out to the front desk, I noticed a tall blonde standing there talking with the receptionist. There was something vaguely familiar about her, too. As I approached the desk, the woman turned around, and it took me a only a second to realize why she looked familiar.

Even over a span of almost twenty years, you never forget the proverbial "One that got away." That one, for me, was now standing right in front of me. 

When we were in our late teens and early twenties, we were part of a tight circle of friends. She was one of three girls, and there were a few guys. A couple of us were in a band, and we had gone out with two of the three girls. I had actually slept with both of those girls, and I was "The First" for one of them. This one, however, had stayed on the sidelines through all of the dating and drama.

I had an opportunity with her once, but at that point, we were such good friends that we (OK, she) was afraid of what would happen to our friendship if things didn't work out as a couple. We stayed friends, we both found others, and we eventually drifted apart, as did the whole circle of friends.

She had also remained a virgin the longest, eventually losing it to an older guy, and then she wound up dating a succession of losers. The last time I had seen her was at the wedding of the guitarist in our band, about ten to fifteen years ago, and I couldn't help but notice how good she looked.

Now, as she stood at the desk, the receptionist saw me walking towards them, and pointed me out. After staring at her, speechless, for a second, I finally spoke.

"Elke?" I asked.

"Oh, my god!" she responded. "Kurt? I haven't seen you in years!!"

Elke ran up to me and gave me a hug, holding me tight. "Oh my god! How are you?" 

"I'm doing fine," I told her. "How are you? You look incredible!"

Elke's one downfall was always her size. At 5' 9", she was tall, for a woman, and she was not thin. She was VERY well put together, but apparently a lot of guys were put off by her size. She was even more beautiful than I remembered her being back then, which is saying quite a bit.

"I'm doing great," she told me. "I'm a part owner here, and I run the day-to-day operations."

"Ohh," I teased her. "Management, huh?"

Laughing, she responded, "Yeah, that's me."

She walked me back to her office, which was still a mess, after only being there a week or so. As she sat me down, we talked a little bit.

"So you're the electrician they sent out?" she asked.

"Yeah," I answered. "This whole mall was my job. I was the foreman. I'm going to have to have a talk with the guy that finished the panel here, too!"

"Ohh, management, huh?" she teased back at me.

"No," I answered. "Management doesn't still strap on the tools."

"Well if I remember correctly, rumor was that you were very good with your tool, too," she said, with a big smile on her face. 

Before I could say anything, she asked, "So how is Nancy?", referring to my ex wife.

"Well, the last time I saw my kids, she was doing ok," I told her.

"The last time you saw her?" she responded.

"Yeah, we split about four years ago," I told her. "I guess you could say that we just grew apart."

"Gee, that sounds like diplomatic bullshit," she said, with a laugh. "I have to say, though, that I'm glad. I never did like her."

"Well, the way that she treated my friends, especially the women friends, had a lot to do with it," I explained.

"So how is your social life?" I asked, trying to change the subject.

She told me that she had never married, had a couple of relationships, but just never found someone that she wanted to settle down with. 

After a couple of more minutes, her intercom beeped, and the receptionist informed her that her next interview was waiting.

"The joys of my job," she explained as she stood. "We are expanding, and I get to interview new stylists and massage therapists."

"Not a problem," I told her. "What time do you get off tonight? Do you want to get together for a drink? We can catch up some more."

"I would love that," she said. She gave me her address, and told me when I could pick her up, and I left her. 

That evening, when I went to her apartment, she was ready and waiting for me. She had on a long summer dress that went down to her knees, and a pair of flats.

"Wow," I said as I walked in and had a look at her. "You look incredible. Better than I remember."

"Why thank you," she responded. "Do these shoes look ok? I couldn't decide what to wear. I would normally wear a pair of heels, but since we're the same height, I didn't think that would be such a good idea."

"Why not?" I asked.

"Well, it has been my experience that most men don't want to be seen with a woman taller than they are," she told me. 

"Well, I'm not most men," I told her. "If I remember correctly, you have a great pair of legs, and heels would just make them look even better."

"You wouldn't mind? Really?" she asked, blushing.

"Not at all," I responded. "Go change. I'll wait."

As she ran back to her bedroom I got another good look at her ass swaying, and her breasts bouncing, and smiled to myself.

I took her to an old German restaurant in the neighborhood that we grew up in, and I couldn't help but chuckle at the looks that we got as we walked to our table. We had to be quite a sight, with her being as beautiful as she is, combined with her now three inch height advantage on me.

We had a great dinner as we caught up on the past years and she polished off almost a bottle of Riesling and I had a few half-liters of good, dark German beer. After we finished dinner off by splitting an apple struedel, we decided to go for a walk around the old neighborhood.

As we walked, we talked about the old days, joking about the memories. We wound up at a bar that we both remembered and went in, surprised to see that it was not only still in business, but still owned by the same people.

We sat, drank, and talked more, both of us getting pretty buzzed. As I knew it would, we started to talk about what might have been, us as a couple.

"Do you remember that night at the party, when we were talking on the balcony, and you kissed me?" she asked.

"Of course I do," I told her. "That was one of the best kisses that I have ever had, even to this day. I also remember the next day, when you told me that you didn't want to ruin our friendship by getting into a relationship."

"Why did you give up so easily?" she asked.

Surprised by the question, it took me a second to respond. "Well, as I remember, you were as stubborn as I was, and I knew that pushing you would do me no good, so I decided to let it go. I guess I figured that if it was supposed to happen, it would."

"If you really wanted to try having a relationship, why did you tell me that you were worried about ruining our friendship?" I asked, trying to turn the tables on her.

"Honestly," she responded, "I think that I was scared. Liz and Laura both told me that you were ... gifted ... and don't forget, I was still a virgin at that point."

"I remember," I told her. "But what did you have to be afraid of?"

"Well, Liz never told you, but the first time you two did it, she was sore for three days after," Elke told me.

"Well, I have to assume that all women are sore after their first time," I told her.

"Yeah, but not for three days," Elke responded. "And Liz told us how gentle you were with her, too. That's why I was scared, despite how much I wanted to be with you. And by the time that I was ready, you were already dating someone else. Every time after that, we were never single at the same time."

"Wow," was all that I could manage to say, as I sipped my beer.

"Yeah, wow," she said, sipping her wine. 

"So if I had been a little more persistent ..." I started.

"Probably," Elke responded, reading my thoughts.

"Damn," I whispered.

"Yep," she sighed. "Damn."

Looking at her watch, Elke realized that it was getting late and said that she had to work the next day, so we left the bar, and I drove her home. 

"Do you want to do this again?" I asked her as I walked her to her door.

"I would love that," she replied. "How about tomorrow? I'll fix us dinner, and maybe we can rent a movie?"

"That sounds great," I told her. 

As we stood at her door, I looked into her eyes, and saw a sign, so I took her in my arms and kissed her. It started out as a slow, tentative kiss, but quickly intensified. I soon realized that my memories about her were right. That was one of the best kisses that I had ever had.

After a couple of minutes, I finally pulled my lips away from hers and whispered, "WOW!"

"Yeah, wow!" she whispered back.

"If I don't leave right now, I'm not going to leave, and you aren't going to make it in to work tomorrow," I said softly. "Not that that would be such a bad thing."

"No, it wouldn't," she answered, "but I have to be there tomorrow. I still have interviews lined up."

"Then I will see you tomorrow," I told her, kissing her once more.

"I'm looking forward to it," she said as she opened her door.

I walked back to my truck on a high that I hadn't felt in years, and started driving home. On the way there, I was still thinking about our kiss, and I called her.

"I just wanted to say thank you for one of the best evenings that I have had in ages," I told her when she answered. "I am really looking forward to tomorrow."

"Thank you," she replied softly. "I had a great time, too. That was the best date that I've been on in years. I'm looking forward to tomorrow also."

The next day was a Saturday, which I spent getting a lot of little things done, but I couldn't get Elke, or the night before, off of my mind. By the time that I started getting ready to go to her place, I was a nervous wreck. I hadn't felt like that since I was a teenager, just starting to date!

I stopped off on my way and picked up a couple of bottles of white wine that I knew Elke liked, and finally got to her place.

She answered the door wearing a lacy white, sleeveless dress that went down almost to her ankles, with buttons that went down to about mid-thigh. She was also barefoot. It was a really sexy look on her.

As I walked in, she gave me a kiss, before she even took the wine from me. She led me into her living room and told me to make myself comfortable while she finished dinner. I was watching her as she walked out of the room, and I noticed her looking at me in a mirror. She had a big smile on her face, and seemed to be very happy that she had my attention.

From the kitchen, she called out to me to put some music on, and then a couple of minutes later, she came out with a chicken and rice dish. I opened up one of the bottles of wine, and we sat down and ate.

"So how much have you been thinking about last night?" she asked a couple of minutes into dinner.

"Honestly," I told her, "it's all I've been able to think about. I'm glad that I didn't have to work today, because I've been so distracted."

She smiled, and said, "I know what you mean. I had two interviews with stylists this morning, and I was having a hard time concentrating on what they had to say. I may have to call both of them back in for second interviews."

"Ah, the trials and tribulations of being in management," I teased her.

"Yeah, fortunately, they're both real cute, so it won't be too difficult looking at them for a second hour," she responded.

"Oh?" I asked with raised eyebrows.

"Yes," she said, smiling. "I can appreciate a good looking woman, as much as I can a good looking man ."

Intrigued, I asked, "And just how have you appreciated good looking women?"

"In the same way that you have," she smirked.

"You're telling me that you have been with women, too?" I asked, shocked.

"That's what I'm telling you," Elke responded. "Does that bother you?"

"Not at all," I answered. "In fact, that intrigues me. Tell me more."

"Maybe later," she told me. "Let's just have a nice dinner right now, and we'll save the fun for later."

We finished dinner, and Elke had me open the second bottle of wine as we went out onto her balcony. Her condo overlooked the city, and we had a great view of downtown.

As we sat there drinking our wine and looking over the city and the lake, I finally asked her, "OK, tell me about you appreciation for women."

She laughed lightly, and said, "What is there to tell? I've been with a few women before."

"A few?"

"Yes, a few," she responded, chuckling.

Thinking for a second, I asked, "When did that start?"

"The first time I actually had sex with another woman was just after I lost my virginity."

Thinking back to the crowd that we hung out with back then, I finally asked, "OK, are you going to make me fish for details, or are you just going to tell me? Or would you rather not talk about it?"

Laughing again, she asked, "What do you want to know?"

"Whatever you want to tell me!" I laughed.

Handing me her glass, she told me, "Fill me up, my glass I mean, and I'll start telling you."

When I came back with the last of the second bottle, I handed her glass to her, and said, "OK, start talking."

"Well, when Laura and I were roommates, we saw each other naked all the time, and I started noticing that I liked looking at her. After my first time with a man, we were at home talking, drinking, and smoking, I was giving her the details on my first time, and she was talking about how she was horny because she hadn't been laid in a couple of months."

"After a while, I asked her if she had ever thought about another woman, and she admitted that she had wondered what it might be like. Later, when we were both getting ready for bed, it just kind of happened."

"What do you mean, it 'just kind of happened'?" I asked, thoughts starting to fill my head and blood starting to fill my cock.

"We sat there in our pajamas, talking a little more, and then we just kissed. We both seemed to like that, we were both drunk and high, and things just took off from there."

Speechless, I just sat there.

"Laura and I were together a couple more times after that, and that was it with her," Elke explained.

"But there were others?" I asked.

"Yeah," she answered. "A couple of more."

"Are you sure this doesn't bother you?" she asked after a couple of minutes of silence.

"Not at all," I reassured her.

"OK," she said. "I just had to ask, because I've found out that a lot of guys can't handle that kind of thing."

"Well, I'm not a lot of guys," I told her.

"So I've been told," she said, with a grin on her beautiful face.

After we finished off our glasses of wine, Elke went inside to find another bottle. I heard her call out to me, and I went back inside.

"Can you give me a hand?" she asked, holding the corkscrew and another bottle of wine.

"Which hand do you want, and where do you want it?" I joked with her.

Looking me in the eyes, she said softly, "Whichever hand you want to use, where ever you want to put it."

Stepping closer to her, I said, almost in a whisper, "How about this hand here," as I placed one on a side of her face, "and the other hand here?" as I lightly touched the other side.

"That's a good start," she breathed. "And then what?"

"And then this," I said, as I leaned in and kissed her.

Our kiss started softly, but it quickly escalated into one of seething hot passion as she wrapped her arms around me and held me tight.

I slid my hands from her face down to her sides and let them softly glide over her body. I felt her inhale sharply as my thumbs passed over the sides of her breasts, and she held me tighter.

I brought my hands up to her neck and glided my fingertips over her sensitive skin, and then slowly brought them down. When I reached the neckline on her dress, I started to unbutton it.

When I had the buttons undone down to her belly, she pushed me back lightly and took my hand. She led me to an overstuffed chair in her living room, and sat me down in it.

As she stood in front of me, I took in the view. She looked amazingly sexy, with her dress half undone, her thin, lacy white half-cup bra peeking out.

"Watch me," she said, almost in a whisper. "I've thought about this for a long time, and I want you to just sit back and enjoy, for now."

Looking me in the eyes, she finished unbuttoning her dress as far as it would go, and then shrugged it off of her shoulders. I gasped as I took in her body, now only in her bra and a matching pair on high-cut bikini panties, her dress pooled around her ankles.

"Do you like?" she asked as she stepped out of the dress.

"Oh, yeah," I said softly.

Smiling, she whispered, "Good." she then brought her hands up to her breasts and softly squeezed them, closing her eyes and moaning softly.

As I sat there watching, all of my blood rushing to my rapidly swelling cock, she slowly opened her eyes again and then unfastened the front clasp of her bra. Keeping her breasts covered, she slid the fingers of one hand underneath the bra cup and pinched her nipple.

I heard a whimper escape from her lips, and her knees buckled just the slightest bit as she tweaked her nipple. She then slid the straps of her bra off of her shoulders, showing me her full, round tits, just before she went to her knees in front of me.

Shr reached and opened my pants, unzipped then, and pulled them, and my boxers, all off at once. My hard cock sprang into her view, and she had a look of total lust in her eyes as she reached out and took it in her hand.

"Oh, my god," she whispered, as she slowly stroked the length of my shaft. "They both said that it was big, but I didn't expect it to be this thick!"

Elke maintained her eye contact as she slowly extended her tongue, and flicked it along the head of my stiff cock. She then slowly lowered her mouth down my length, moaning as she took me in deeper.

"Oh, my god," I moaned as I felt her hot, wet lips surround my shaft, her tongue dancing along the underside. "That feels SO nice!"

She smiled at me as she started to bob her head up and down my shaft, sucking my cock like a woman determined.

"Do you like?" she asked, letting the head pop from her mouth as she continued to stroke my cock with her hand.

"Oh, yeah!" I gasped.

"Good," she smiled. "I love sucking cock, and this is a VERY suckable cock!"

She engulfed my pole again, this time gently squeezing my balls as she sucked on it. I reached out and took her blonde head in my hands, and she lowered her face all the way down, taking me into her throat.

"Oh, damn!" I groaned as I felt her throat open up and massage the head as she swallowed.

She continued to suck my cock for the next few minutes, sometimes bobbing her head up and down, sometimes taking me deep. Sometimes sliding her talented tongue along the underside of the shaft, sometimes flicking it quickly around the base of the head.

She had her lips wrapped tightly around the head of my cock, sucking on it firmly and flicking the tip with her tongue as she stroked the length of my shaft quickly, when I felt my balls start to tighten.
