 Winter is usually a very slow season in the construction industry, and this year was even worse than normal. The economy had brought a lot of projects to a slow-down, if not cancelling them altogether. The upside was that it gave me time to spend the holidays visiting friends and family that I hadn' t seen in a long time, thanks to my ex and her lovely and charming personality.

Knowing that I had a few weeks to kill, I decided to call a cousin that I had only seen once in the last twenty-five years, at our Grandmothers funeral.

Debbie was ecstatic to hear from me, and after spending over an hour catching up over the phone, she insisted that I come to visit her and her family. I was looking forward to seeing her again, as well as getting away from the frigid temperatures around here. We decided (actually, SHE decided) that I would come down over the New Year's weekend, and celebrate with her and her husband and their friends.

My timing couldn't have been better. As I was leaving, a snowstorm hit the area, turning what would have been an eight hour drive into an almost eleven hour journey. Going from a near-blizzard to temperatures in the upper 50's was a nice change.

When I finally arrived, Debbie and I spent a couple of hours catching up while fixing dinner together. I told her about my divorce, the games my ex liked to play, using our kids as pawns, and about my re-emergence back into the dating scene. 

After dinner, Debbie, her husband Ron, and I went to their favorite bar for a couple of drinks. While we were walking in, Debbie was telling me that she had a few single and divorced friends that were going to love me.

"Don't go trying to set me up, Deb. I' m only going to be here for a week or so," I told her.

"We are coming here for New Year's," she informed me. "Nobody wants to hit midnight without having someone to kiss. Besides, with the way that you look, I'm not going to be able to keep my friends away from you."

I looked at Ron, and asked him, "Does she bullshit you like this, too?"

He just laughed and said, "I learned a long time ago to just let her have her way, when it comes to things like this. Besides, she's not all that far off. I can think of a couple of her friends that you will probably have to peel off of you. I suggest that you just sit back, and enjoy the ride."

I laughed at that, remembering how stubborn and determined Debbie could be when she has her mind set on something.

As we sat down, we were greeted by a short, long-haired blonde woman, who gave Debbie and Ron hugs, and immediately asked them who I was.  "Donna, this is my cousin, Kurt. Kurt, this is Donna. She owns this bar," Debbie said, "And Donna, before you ask, yes, he's single."   "Now, Debbie, what makes you think that I would even ask that question?" Donna asked, batting her eyes.

"Well," Debbie responded, "you might want to wipe the drool off of your mouth, before you ask that question."

"Why, don't you think that's an attractive look?" Donna asked. "I'll bet Kurt doesn't mind, do you, Kurt?" 

I laughed and told her, "On you, it's a look that works."

Donna laughed and went to get our drinks, and I finally got a good look at her. She was short, maybe 5'1", and slim. She was wearing a jeans mini-skirt with cowboy boots, and a sheer white, long sleeved blouse. She looked like she had a nice little ass, and smallish breasts. All in all, a rather nice package.

When she came back with our drinks, she sat next to me and started talking to me.

"Debbie tells me that you're quite the dart thrower," she said.

"Well, I know that the pointy end is supposed to go into the board," I teased, giving Debbie a look.

"Kurt is just being modest," Debbie said. "Didn't you win a city championship?"

"Two actually. Plus one second place, and a fourth place, but that was all quite a while ago," I told them.

"Oh, my! A professional! Do you give lessons?" Donna asked.

"Oh, I'm sure that I could teach you a couple of things," I answered.

"I just bet you could," she laughed. "C'mon, let's go throw a game."

She grabbed my hand, and led me to the dart boards, stopping at the bar to get her darts.

We got quite a few looks as we walked to the boards, and I'm sure that most of the people there were locals, wondering first, who I was, and second, why Donna was laughing and holding my hand, walking me to the dart boards.

She had three boards in her place, and only one of them was being used. We went to the farthest one, and started throwing. It didn't take long for me to get back into the groove, and I was hitting almost everything that I was throwing at.

"Damn! You really do know your way around the board! Show me how to throw like that," Donna told me.

I corrected her stance and her grip, and was working on her throw, when she told me that she needed more "personal" instruction.

Knowing an opportunity when it hits me, I stood behind her, and held her as I showed her how to move her arm as she released the dart. I could tell that she was screwing up intentionally, but I was enjoying watching her too much to even think about complaining.

Her main problem was that she was moving too much as she released the dart. When she threw the dart, she would almost jump, which would alter her throw.

Standing behind her, I was holding her hips down, and she started wiggling her ass against my crotch, which caused the beginning of a hard-on.

"Is that another dart in your pocket, or are you just happy to be holding me like this?" she asked me, with a wicked smile on her pretty face.

Before I could say anything, one of the locals, looking a bit buzzed, walked up to us and asked if we wanted to play a game. I looked at Donna, and she said that she would love to play a game of doubles with me, so we set one up, playing for drinks.


Donna proved to be better than I thought, and we won two games pretty easily. As we were walking to the bar to collect our winnings, Donna asked if I was coming to her New Year's party the next night.

"I wouldn't miss it," I told her.

"Good. Maybe I'll have something to look forward to, at midnight," she said.

"Maybe," I responded, thinking that I was going to have to thank Debbie for coercing me into this visit.

Debbie, Ron, and I had a few more drinks, while I was enjoying flirting with Donna. Soon, though, it was time to leave, and we said our good-byes.

As Donna was giving me a hug, she rubbed her thigh against my crotch, and whispered into my ear, "I'm really looking forward to seeing you tomorrow night."

"So am I," I told her.

The next night, we got to the party about 9, and Donna greeted us and led us to a table in the corner, and we all sat down and started to have a drink.

I was astonished. Donna was absolutely gorgeous tonight! She was wearing a typical "little black party dress", but there was nothing typical about how she made it look. She was, by far, the best looking woman in the bar. 

"Now who's got the drool on their mouth?" She said to me, laughing.

"I can't help it," I told her. "You look incredible."

"Well, thank you, kind sir," she responded. "Flattery will get you everywhere, you know."

We sat at our table, and I watched as Donna mingled, making sure that everybody was having a good time, and all glasses were filled. 

After a short while, she came to the table, and sat with us.

"Did you bring your darts?" she asked me.

"As a matter of fact, I did," I told her.

"Then let's go throw a game," she said, grabbing my hand, and leading us toward the boards.

I don't know how she did it, wearing a pair of three inch heels, but Donna managed to throw a pretty decent game. At one point, one of her darts bounced off of the board, and as she bent down to pick it up, I couldn't help but catch a glimpse of bare thigh above her stockings.

Donna noticed that I saw her, and had a smile on her face as she walked back from the board.

After our game, Donna gave me a big hug, and whispered in my ear, "Did you enjoy the view earlier?"

"Of course I did," I responded. "I would have to be either dead or gay not to enjoy that, and I'm willing to bet that even most gay men would have enjoyed it."

Donna laughed, slipped her hand inside my arm, and started walking me towards the back of the bar.

"Where are you taking me?" I asked her.

"Debbie tells me that you like good bourbon," she answered.

"Yes, I do," I told her.

"Well, I have a bottle in my office that you might like. Why don't we go have a taste?" she said, leading me into the back rooms.

As we got to her office, Donna had me sit on a couch as she pulled out the bottle of bourbon. She realized that she didn't have any glasses handy, so she went back up to the bar to get a couple.

When she came back, I could have sworn that the front of her dress was opened a little more on her top, but I wasn't sure. I was sure, however, that I saw her lock the door as she walked in.

Donna poured us a couple of drinks, sat down next to me, and we toasted the coming new year.

I noticed that it was approaching midnight, and Donna asked if I would rather go back into the crowded bar, or stay back there, and have a little privacy.

"The company, and the scenery, are much more enjoyable back here," I told her, clinking our glasses together.

"I agree," she answered. "It is much nicer, quieter, and more ... private, back here."

"Yes, privacy could be a good thing," I told her, liking the way this conversation was going.

"Yes, especially around midnight," she answered, smiling at me over her glass.

As we both finished our drinks, Donna took our glasses and got up to refill them. As she handed me my drink, I took both glasses, placed them on the table next to the couch, and told Donna, "These can wait a minute."

"Oh, they can?" Donna asked coyly, sitting back down, this time even closer to me than before. "Wait for what?"

"Wait for this," I told her, as I reached up and took her face in my hand, leaned in, and gently kissed her. Donna gave a little moan, as our kiss intensified.

What started as a soft, gentle kiss, soon became a full-fledged, hot and wet tongue wrestle.

I slid my hand from her face, down the front of her dress, and Donna moaned as I reached her chest. I realized that she wasn't wearing a bra, as I started stroking her stiffening nipple with my thumb.

Donna moaned more as I gently squeezed her little tit through her dress, and she reached out and took my hardening cock in her hand, though my pants, and gave it a squeeze.  

Donna felt my thickness, and whispered, "Nice!", into my mouth, as we continued kissing.

I started to unbutton her dress as we continued, and slid my hand in, squeezing her bare breast. Her entire breast fit into my hand, feeling like a soft mound with a hard pebble in the middle. I moved my hand to her other nipple, and we kept on kissing, and Donna kept moaning her approval to my manipulations.

I soon moved my hand out of her dress, and placed it on her leg, sliding it under the hem of her skirt.

As I reached the bare flesh above her stocking, Donna moaned again and said "I've got to let this guy out. He seems uncomfortable like this," as she lowered my zipper, and reached her small hand in.

Right about then, we could hear the festivities up front getting louder, with the countdown to midnight.

As they were getting closer to midnight, Donna tried pulling my hard cock out of my pants.

At the stroke of midnight, we kissed each other, and took a drink. Then Donna looked at me and told me to lose the pants, because she wanted to have a look at my cock. Once again, who was I to deny a beautiful woman such a request?

I stood up, undid my pants, and let them drop. After I took them off, I stood Donna up, and removed her dress from her body.

I was breathless, as I looked at her standing there wearing only her stockings, heels, and a skimpy silk thong.

I reached out, and started to stroke her pussy through her thong, feeling the heat and wetness through the silk.

"I was debating whether to take these off earlier," she told me, moaning at my touch. "I'm glad that I didn't, because I'd have juices running down my legs right now, soaking my stockings."

"Wouldn't that be a shame," I told her. "I'd have to lick your juices off of your thighs, and suck them out of your stockings." 

Hearing that, Donna groaned, and pushed me down onto the couch. She then kneeled between my legs, took my cock in her hand, and said "Damn! This thing is so thick, I can barely get my hand around it! I just hope I can get my mouth around it."

"Well, there's only one way to find out," I told her.

She smiled at me, saying "I like your thinking," as she started to lick the shaft, getting it wet. When she got to the head, she flicked her tongue around it, looked at me, smiling, and started to try to bury my cock in her mouth.

Donna was only able to get about half of my cock into her mouth, but she was doing magic with what she had. She was using both hands to stroke what she couldn't get in her mouth, her tongue was doing a dance all over the head, and her lips formed a tight vacuum seal around the shaft, making this one of the most outstanding blowjobs I have ever had.

While I was watching her head bob up and down in my lap, I reached over and took a drink of my bourbon.

Donna noticed this, and told me to hand her the other glass.

"Your cock tastes good, and I enjoy the bourbon, so I wonder how they will taste together," she said.

She took my cock, dipped in to the glass, and then licked and sucked all of the liquor off. She repeated this a few times, then handed me back the glass, and started to suck my cock with a renewed vigor.

I sat there for a few minutes, enjoying the hell out of her attention, but then I decided it was time to show her the same care. I gently pulled her off of me, stood us both up, and sat her down.

"That was incredible," I told Donna. "Now it's your turn to sit back and enjoy."

"You drive a hard bargain," she said, as she sat back with a big grin on her face. Donna looked so good sitting there like that, in her skimpy silk thong, stockings and heels, that I damn near got off just looking at her.

I got down on my knees, slowly leaned in to her crotch, and kissed her pussy through her wet silk. I gave her a couple of long, slow licks as I reached up and toyed with her nipples.

Donna sighed as I was doing this, and she reached up to her tits and placed her hands on top of mine. I slid my hands out from under hers, and put mine on top, having her squeeze her own breasts, and then I slid my hands down to her hips, where I untied the strings keeping her thong together. 

I pulled the front of the thong down, and placed her legs on my shoulders, as I dove back in to her wet pussy. I took one long lick, from her hot, seeping hole up to her stiff clit, and Donna moaned long and loud.

I moved back up to her face, and gave her a kiss, and started my way down her body again.

When I got to her hard, perky nipples, I pulled back, reached over to the table, and grabbed my glass again.

"Let's see how your nipples taste marinated in fine bourbon," I said to her, as I poured a little over her right nipple, and then her left. 

I licked and sucked the liquid off of her first nipple, and then moved to the other. The booze had started running down her chest, towards her belly, so I followed the trail.

As I moved down her tight stomach, she placed her hands back on her tits, and resumed playing with her own nipples.

I followed the trail of booze down to her hips, enjoying the taste. As I cleaned up everything that was on her body, I moved back to her pussy. I picked the glass back up, and poured a small amount over her shaved slit, diving right in to lick it up, savoring the mix of her juices and the bourbon.

"Mmmmmm, this is tasty," I told her, licking my lips.

"Oh, god, that felt good," she said, gasping. "Don't stop now."

"No worries, my dear," I told her. "I aim to please."

"Oh, and please, you do," she sighed as I started licking and sucking on her pussy again. 

After a minute or so like that, I slid a finger, and then two, into her tight little pussy. It took longer then I expected just to slide my fingers in. I was starting to wonder how long it would take to slip my cock in.

When my fingers were all the way into her pussy, I wrapped my lips around her clit and started gently sucking on it, as my fingers started strumming and stroking on the inside of her wet hole.

Donna started moving her hips around as I did that, and was saying "Oh, yes. That feels so good! Oh, god yes, don't stop. Right there!" 

After a short time, I felt Donna's body start to shake, and then she stiffened up, as an orgasm hit her.

"Oh my god, I'm cumming!" she yelled, as I felt her pussy tighten and squeeze my fingers, and her juices increased. I licked up her juices, and kissed my way back up her body.

When I got up to her face, the head of my cock brushed against her wetness, and I wiggled around until I could feel the tip at the opening to her pussy.

I started to slide my cock in, and I was amazed at how slow I had to go, even as wet as she was.

Donna soon stopped me, and said "Let me get on top. It will be easier that way." So I pulled out, and sat on the couch, as Donna stood, and facing me, straddled my body, and started to lower herself onto my cock.

When I was about half-way into her, she stopped and looked me in the eye. I had my hands on her hips, and I felt her raise herself slightly. All of a sudden, Donna dropped herself, burying my cock deep into her tightness.

"Oh my god," she moaned, collapsing on my chest. "Don't move. Let me get used to you." So I sat there, reveling in her hot, wet tightness. 

Soon, she started wiggling her hips around, and I started bucking against her, and she was moaning again, and moving with me.

"Oh, yes, that feels good," Donna moaned into my ear. "Fuck me. Fuck me good. Make me know I've been fucked good and hard."

Hearing that, I stood up, with her still impaled on my cock, and walked over towards her desk, placing her ass on the edge. Her legs were wrapped around my waist, and I could feel her heels bouncing on my ass, as I laid her back on her desk.

"You want to be fucked?" I asked her. "You want to be fucked good and hard?"

"Oh yes," she answered. "Pound my tight little pussy. I want to have to walk funny when you're done with me."

"Hold tight then, cause here we go," I told her, as I grabbed on to her wrists, and started to fuck her faster.

"Ohhh yeahh .... fuuuuuck meeeeee," she moaned, as I picked up speed and intensity.

"Oh, god, I'm cumming again!" I heard her gasp as her body tightened up.

I let her come back down, and I pulled out, and told her to roll over.

"Oh, yeah," she said. "I like it from behind."

I got behind her, admiring her cute little ass, and slid my cock back in to her pussy. I started fucking her again, and Donna started wiggling her ass as I pounded against it. I then slowed down, took my thumb, and wetted it in her juices as I slid my cock in and out. I placed my thumb against her asshole, and started rubbing it around.

"Oh, yeah," Donna moaned, flattened out on her desk. "I love having my ass played with."

I started fucking her again, as I pushed a little harder with my thumb, eventually slipping it in to her back hole, up to the first knuckle. 

"Oh, yeah, I like that," she told me, as she pushed back against me. I stopped for a second, and pulled my cock out of her pussy. I rubbed my cock up and down her ass crack, wetting her asshole with the juices coating my cock.

"I love a cock in my ass, but there's no way I'm taking that thing. Not right now," she said as I rubbed my cock-head on her asshole.
