 When the divorce papers came, I was stunned, but not shocked. My wife and I had been very distant with each other for a number of years. Like a lot of guys, I guess I got too caught up in work and when the economy took a hit in 2008 & 2009, the stress was making it unbearable. My wife was using a lot of terms like, "emotionally distant" and things like that. The truth was, I was trying to keep the pressure on me and not ruin the lives of my family - especially my kids.

Over those years the sex diminished to the point of non-existence. When her dad died in the late 90s, she was insatiable. When my dad died in 2012, she rejected me over and over again. We went 5 months without sex and it was killing me. At the time I needed her most physically, she was not there. Even when we did have sex, she was really not into it. If I tried to spice it up, she got even more critical. No role-playing or anything like that. She even yelled at me for sending her a text about sex.

Here I was running 3 small companies and keeping my employees employed - at great stress and sacrifice - and my wife was treating me like some worthless human being. By the time the papers came, my self-esteem was at an all-time low. I know it sounds stupid, but when you are rejected physically by the one you love, it eats at you and kills your self-worth - at least from the guy's perspective. She even scoffed at the marriage counselor when she said sex was a need for most men.

Somehow, my employees were aware and rather supportive. Maybe it was because they saw me with my kids. Maybe, it was because they knew I didn't run around on my wife. Anyway, they were as supportive as any friend could have. I guess that allowed me to let my guard down. 

You see, shortly before the papers were filed, I had purchased front row seats for my wife as a birthday present. They were for a Broadway show that was in town. Actually, I had purchased a package that had 4 shows. The first show was going to take place about 3 weeks after her birthday, but, as it turns out, about a month before I had to be out of the house. Here I was being kicked out of the house, so I had no desire to take my wife on a date. In a moment of weakness I let it slip among some employees that I was afraid to find a date and questioned whether I would even be able to do so. I didn't have a lot of interaction with females my age and I didn't want to set up an online profile. I guess in my heart I was hoping one of them would fix me up with a friend or something. So, it was a shock when April came up to me a bit later and said, "If you can't find a date, I'll go with you. I'll even dress up so that your wife might hear rumors that you took a young woman on a date."

I must admit, this floored me a bit. April was a very attractive lady, but I never looked at her that way. She was in her late 20s and I was in my mid-40s. She worked at a small shop that I owned and was the manager. She basically ran the place by herself and I just did the books and made sure we were paying the bills and everyone. Probably because I thought more with my wallet than my dick, I never gave her a look. Truth be told, she was very attractive. I had gone to her wedding a few years back and she looked stunning. Though she had a child and still carried a little baby weight around her stomach, she still would blow my wife away in looks, even without being about 20 years younger. I was flattered that she would do that for me and thought it was kind of a joke, especially since she said it in front of her husband. I let it slide, but the truth was, I was feeling less than confident about finding a date, and didn't really want to start a relationship while I was still living with my wife and kids.

About a week before the show, I was feeling even worse about myself. I hadn't asked anyone because of my domestic situation and largely because I had no confidence whatsoever with women. I was beat down enough that I felt I had nothing to offer them. So, at the shop one day I let it slip that I was still without a date. April didn't miss a beat. She looked at me and said, "just say the word and I will dress up and look hot as hell as your date." I agreed and we made plans. Basically because I was at home she said she would meet me at my main office and we could go from there. Maybe grab a quick bite and see the show. 

It wasn't unusual for me to dress up for an evening appointment, so my wife didn't blink at me when I headed back to the office at 6 pm. She hardly looked up from her phone. I arrived at my office and saw that April was already there. Though she didn't work out of my office, she did enough for me that she had a key and the alarm code. When I arrived, I called out to her, not knowing which part of the office she was in. I headed past my secretary's area and the conference room and saw the light on in my personal office. I walked in and I was floored with what I saw. April's makeup was done, her hair was done, and she had on this spectacular red dress that highlighted her size d breasts. They had grown some when she was pregnant and they were barely holding themselves in the top. The dress went down to just below the middle of her thighs and she had on black stockings and red heels. 

April was leaning against my desk and smiled when I walked in. She walked up to me with her heels clicking on the hard-wood floors, lightly grabbed a hold of my tie and said, "Do I look slutty enough to be your date." All she could get was a "wow" out of me and she responded with, "I take that as a yes."

She turned her back to me and headed back to the desk before she turned around. Probably sticking my foot in my mouth I said, "I can't believe your husband let you go out like that."

"Well," she responded, "we have a few rules between us." She paused a moment and continued, "We are allowed to do things with other people, but we can't have sex."

I wasn't sure what to think of that and wasn't entirely sure what she meant, so I simply said, "I see. Well, at least I will have the hottest date at the theatre." 

"Without really acknowledging what I said, she went on. "Here's the thing. I know from our talks that it has been a little while for you. For me, for some odd reason, my husband has not gone down on me since I had the baby. So, I will make you a deal. If you will go down on me, I will return the favor, and then we can really enjoy the show."

I wasn't 100% sure what I had heard, but in the time that she was talking, her dress raised up to reveal that she was wearing thigh highs and at this point I was quite certain no panties. I was thankful when she sauntered over to me, grabbed my tie again and said, "So, why don't I lie down on that couch over there and you show me what you've been missing for so long." April leaned in and gave me a very erotic and aggressive kiss. I felt so alive kissing a woman who was passionate and didn't think twice on letting it continue. She pulled me over to the couch and lied down on it. I practically fell on top of her and was pleased to see that my head was buried between her ample breasts. I kissed in her cleavage for a bit before I slid my hands down her side and rose up her dress to her hips. I was pleasantly surprised to find that not only was she not wearing panties, but she was completely bare down below. It had been a long time since I had gone down on a woman, but even longer since I had felt the bare skin rather than the rainforest my wife had. 

I quickly buried my face in her mound, helped out by her hand on the back of my head. If I didn't know what to do, it would not have mattered as she was very direct about how to do it and what to do. It was erotic taking instructions from her rather than the other way around. I think she got off on having control of the situation. I loved licking her from the base of her vagina up to her clit and loved even more how she shuddered a little when the tip of my tongue ran across her very erect clit. Before long she wanted more frequent and direct contact and though the position was awkward being part way on the couch and on the floor, I was enjoying myself tremendously. I had somehow managed to get my hand between her legs and started to slide my finger into her very wet hole. She received it willingly, almost pulling my finger into her using only her vagina. Though it may have been 20 minutes, or just 20 seconds, she reached a point of very consistent breathing and movement. I could feel her pussy begin to tighten around my finger and she pulled on my hair a little as she groaned in short and then longer bursts. I was like a flood of warmth engulfed my finger and then finally relaxed. I continued to lick a little, but it was clear that she was much too sensitive at that point and asked me to stop.

I was feeling very confident and content with myself right there as I was fairly certain that it was the first time I got any woman to cum in several years. As I rose up my head she looked down to me with very watery eyes and I pulled myself up to hear face and gave her a very passionate kiss. I could feel the moisture in my pants next to my very erect penis and apparently she could too. She broke the kiss and looked up at me and said, "I think your big friend needs attention to."

I rolled over on my back as she stood up and straightened out her dress. I was both relaxed and very horny as she grabbed a throw pillow from the couch, got down on her knees and began unbuckling my belt. When it was loose, she slid my pants off and laid them gently over a chair. She then ran her fingers up my legs and tugged at the waist band of my boxer shorts. My cock popped free from the encampment and practically slapped her in the face. April just smiled and said, "Now, I don't want to stain my dress or mess up my makeup, so you will have to cum in my mouth." What guy doesn't want to hear that?

Though I am certain I could have been done in 20 seconds, she took her time and ran her tongue up the length of my cock and licked up the pre cum that had been oozing all over my shorts just a minute ago. Before long she was teasing my head by running her tongue around it and taking the tip into her mouth. I had heard her brag about how good she was at blowjobs (young women tend to do this nowadays) and I can honestly say she wasn't being arrogant. She gave just the right amount of hand pressure and gently lifted my balls in a way that felt like she was trying to free every last ounce from me. At one point she had managed to get my entire cock in her mouth and throat and the feeling of bottoming out was something I had never experienced before. When I was getting close, I didn't need to say a word. She sensed me tighten up and continued her rhythmic stroking and sucking. I grunted several times and probably said something like "Oh God" or "Don't stop" before unleashing what felt like 5 shots into her mouth and throat. At one point I thought I heard her cough or gag, but she kept going and swallowed it down. When she pulled her mouth off of my cock, a little bit extra seeped out and she immediately went in to lick up the rest. 

I stared at her with my mouth wide open and she just smiled and said, "Seems like you needed THAT more than I needed it." She got back to her knees and switched to business mode so suddenly that it was almost like it didn't happen. She simply stated, "I am going to fix my makeup and hair and then we are going to grab a quick drink."

When she got back, I was fully dressed and she had her coat on. She reached out for my arm so that I could escort her to the door. I didn't think twice about how I treated her. I walked her to the car door and helped her in. When we arrived at the theater, she waited for me to open the door for her and held my arm all the way into the theatre. I think she was proud of how she looked and more proud to be sitting in the front row. We ran into some people I knew and they never let on about my wife or anything else. She just simply acted as if we were on a date and that was that.

Once the show started, I glanced over at her occasionally. It was clear that she was a fan of Broadway shows because she smiled most of the time. At one point she caught me looking and she smiled back at me before reaching out and taking hold of my hand. At intermission I got us some drinks and she talked to the people at the seats next to ours about the next show. Because I had to fight all the way to and from the back of the theatre, it took a while and the lights dimmed shortly after my return. About the 4th or 5th song into the 2nd act, she set her drink down and readjusted her coat. I hadn't given it a second thought until I realized that she was sliding her hand under the coat and started to rub my crotch. Her goal must have been to get me fully erect because once I was she grabbed my hand and place it between her legs. She was still without panties and I could feel how wet she was. I played with her a little bit, but was careful not to draw attention to what I was doing. I was very thankful that there were several songs left because I had no way to hide my erection if we had to stand up for an encore. By the time the show ended I was flaccid again and I escorted her back to the car.

In the walk and in the car, all April talked about was the show and how much she enjoyed it. She had thus far not even mentioned our earlier activities or her actions during the show. She even gave a hint about going to the next show - IF I needed a date. Back at my office she didn't even balk, she walked up to the office door and waited for me to let her in. When I looked at her inquisitively, she simply asked, "Would you like to go at it again?" HELL YES.

This time when she got back to the office she headed for my desk and not the couch. She rose up her dress again and bent over the desk so that her hot little rear end was facing me. I took off my pants and immediately got down on my knees and started to rub her ass and bury my tongue into her very wet pussy. While I was doing that, she grabbed my head and guided me up her slit and to her asshole. I wasn't sure if she was seeing if I would do it or not, but before long I realized that she enjoyed having her asshole licked. She really seemed to enjoy it when I was licking her ass while fingering her pussy. She switched up and lied down on her back and as I kneeled down in front of her she placed her feet on my shoulders. From this position her pussy was wide open and I fully enjoyed burying my face in her before getting to work on her clit again. The orgasm didn't seem to be quite as intense as it was before, but when I looked up at her she was smiling quite brightly and even panting. 

I stared at her heaving breasts and she must have known what I wanted because she let them free from her dress for the first time and the tight fabric supported them like a shelf bra. I leaned in and started suckling each nipple as she spread her legs and pulled me into her. When I looked up at her she pulled my head into kissing her and my cock slid up against her wet pussy. I wasn't sure if this was alright, but as she kissed me she ground her pelvic into me and before long my cock was halfway into her pussy. At this point I took it that it was what she wanted and I lifted up her legs and slid the whole length of my cock into her. She groaned in pleasure as I stood between her legs as she lay on my desk open wide. Honestly, I wasn't waiting for her since she already got off with my mouth, but as I started to build and stared at her voluptuous breasts bouncing up and down as I fucked her; she tightened up and begged me to cum inside of her. I buried my cock as deep as I could as she moaned in pleasure. Whether she came or not, I have no idea, but as I was ready to unload she said, "shoot your load inside me" and I went over the edge. 

When I was finished I looked down at her again and she had a look of conquest on her face. It was almost like she was thinking, "I've got him now." I stayed inside of her as my cock got flaccid. Kissing her all the while and feeling like a 16-year-old who had just lost his virginity. When I finally climbed off of her she made a quick dash to the restroom. 

When she returned, she had her coat on again and simply said, "Just let me know if you need a date for the show again," and strolled out the door and into her car. 

I had no idea what to expect at work the next morning...