 Gloria shifted her weight from foot to foot, and a shiver ran up her body. One more try, she thought, and she'd at least head back to her car.

She rang the doorbell. "Coming!" she heard. Finally!

A tall brunette man with short, wavy hair answered the door in his pajamas. He looked a bit stunned as he swung it wide. That wasn't surprising. Gloria was dressed in a thin white blouse and flouncy short skirt with knee-high black socks and high heels. Hardly appropriate for a cold winter day, even in California. But her boss had been explicit about what to wear. Very explicit. And he had approved it himself the other day. Just before bending her over his desk.

"Anthony?" He nodded, dazed. "I'm Gloria White. I work for Mr. Lembach?" At the senior partner's name, his eyes jerked up to her face. They had been drifting downward. She smiled and held up a bag. "He sent me over with a present for winning the Torino case." She paused. "Can I come in? It's a little cold out here." Slowly, he nodded. No need to worry about resistance, she thought.

She walked through his door, swinging her hips to give him a good view. When she got to his dining room, she bent over to set the bag down. He probably wouldn't be able to see her lace boy short panties, but he'd get an eyeful anyway. She took longer than necessary and snuck a peek. Well, sure. He could see her panties the way he was leaning over to get a look. This would be easy.

She stood up holding two bottles. "Mr. Lembach was very impressed by your performance with the Torino case. The firm had given up on it, to be honest. Quite a victory! He sent me over with a bottle of vintage Champagne." She held it in front of her chest. "And a thirty-year-old Bordeaux." She moved the Champagne bottle and held the Bordeaux in front of her.

"Wow, tell Mr. Lembach that's very generous."

"Tell him yourself." She turned around again, bent over, and pulled the phone from her purse. Another peek. She wasn't the only one peeking. She pressed on the screen and the video chat connected.

"Ah, Gloria. Lovely to see you. Did you give Anthony his present?"

"Yes, sir." She smiled at Anthony.

"Could you give him your phone, please?"

"Yes, sir." She handed the phone to him and then stood politely with hands nestled in each other in front of her crotch.

"Anthony, that was truly an amazing showing in court yesterday."

"Thank you sir."

"I remember those days well. A junior partner slamming home a victory. It's exhilarating, isn't it?"

"Yes, sir."

"Whenever that happened to me, I always had to blow off my energy, you know?"

"Yes, sir. I know what you mean. My whole body is wired up."

"I'll tell you a secret. The way I blew off steam was to fuck hard and fast for a few days."

"Uh, sir?"

"My girlfriend, my wife, hookers. Whatever I needed."

"Uh, okay, sir. I don't know if that's appropriate." His eyes flicked toward Gloria. She continued to smile.

"Oh, yes, you're quite right. Now I understand your girlfriend is away this weekend."

"How did you know that?"

"Knowing how you'd feel, I asked after you. Wanted to make sure you'd be set for the weekend."

"Sir, this is really inappropriate."

"Yes, so your other present will just be between us."

"Other present?"

"Ms. White has agreed to be at your service this weekend." He looked at her directly.

"I'm not sure I understand."

"Oh, I think you do," said Lembach. "But allow me to demonstrate. Gloria?"

"Yes, sir," she said.

"Take off your top, please."

Anthony's eyes got wide and his mouth gaped open. But nor did he stop her as she looked straight at him and began to unbutton her blouse.

"I wouldn't object to the camera being pointed that way, Anthony," said Mr. Lembach. Anthony barely glanced down enough to hit the right button. "Much better," said Lembach. Half her buttons were undone, and the pink bra with black lace trim was well in view. "I think you'll find her tits very nice, Anthony." Anthony just stared.

"What exactly do you mean by at my service?" he said slowly.

Gloria spoke. "You tell me to do it. I do it. Easy." She finished undoing the buttons and pulled her top off.

Lembach's voice came from the phone. "Anything you like. I would be very surprised if you hit the edges of Ms. White's tolerance for kink."

"I have a girlfriend," said Anthony slowly, as if in a trance.

"I can personally assure you that Ms. White is very discreet. But if your girlfriend is anything like Mrs. Lembach, there are things she's reluctant to do. Or even won't do. Gloria is much less restrained."

"I'll do anything you want," said Gloria. "Any fantasy. Any sex act."

Anthony smiled and nodded but, again, slowly. He was still taking it in.

"Well, I envy you your weekend, Anthony, but before you hang up to enjoy Ms. White's many charms, I'd appreciate seeing her in just her underwear. Could you ask her to take off her skirt please?"

"Uh, sure. Uh, you heard him."

"You have to tell me."

"Okay. Uh. Take off your skirt." She gave a big smile and reached behind her to unbutton and unzip her skirt. She slid it down her legs, bending over to let him see her full 36C breasts hanging down. She held up the skirt next to her, and dropped it on the floor, still smiling.

"If I may make a suggestion?" said Lembach. Anthony was transfixed. He nodded.

"Gloria, kneel down, please." She got down to her knees and looked at Anthony. "I'd suggest starting with a blowjob. She's a fantastic cocksucker." And with that he hung up.

"Uh, this is a little weird," said Anthony.

"Sex isn't weird," she said.

"I have a girlfriend," he said. But his voice wasn't very convincing.

"I won't tell if you don't."

"But"

"She's gone until tomorrow night, right?" He nodded, continuing to stare at her as she knelt in front of him. "We'lll make sure I'm gone long before she comes home. And we can do laundry so she doesn't see any funny stains." She smiled. "That way you can fuck me during spin cycle. All that vibrating."

"This is okay with you?"

"Yes."

"Did you mean what you said? Anything I want?"

"Yes." He looked uncertain. "You could do a test."

"Like what?"

She raised her eyebrows. "I'm kneeling in front of you. I'm still wearing my bra and panties. I'm sure you can think of something."

He nodded again. He stepped forward. She licked her lips and stared straight at his crotch.

"Okay. Fine. Take off your bra."

"Yes, sir." And without hesitating, she reached behind her back, unhooked the bra, and let the skimpy item fall to the ground. She looked at him and smiled.

"Wow. Those are nice breasts."

"You can touch them. You can do whatever you want with me, remember." He reached down with one hand and fondled her breast. "Ah, yes," she sighed, "just like that."

"My girlfriend never does blow jobs like this." She smiled. Barely any resistance. As she'd thought.

"I'm not your girlfriend. I'll do anything you want, but I suggest telling me to do things your girlfriend wouldn't."

"Okay, yeah. Uh, yeah, a blowjob would be nice. On your knees. Like that."

"Of course, sir. Why don't you take another step forward." He did, continuing to stare at her wide-eyed. She hooked her fingers into his pajamas and his underwear, and yanked them down. His hard cock popped up, and she slid her face onto it.

"Oh my god," he said. She kept sliding. She paused to lick his cock. She gave it a kiss. And before she dived back onto it, she looked at him and said, "Feel free to thrust as much as you want."

"Oh god!" he shouted. And then, sure enough, he began to push into her. She mmed as she felt him driving his cock into her mouth. After a few thrusts, she felt his hand on the back of her hand. She looked up. He was looking up to the ceiling, his eyes closed. Stupid. He was missing a great view: His cock plunging into the mouth of a pretty, busty woman wearing nothing more than cute panties. 

His hand pulled her in, and she moaned as his cock went in even farther. He began thrusting harder, and then harder.

And then he pulled her head down and began to shudder. She kept her mouth deep over his cock as he shot semen into it. He pulled out as he softened, gasping. He looked down at her.

She looked up at him, opened her mouth to show him the cum still filling it, closed her mouth and swallowed noisily.

"Holy fucking shit," he said. "This is for real."

"Yep!" she said with a smile. "If you can imagine it, I can do it."

"Lembach was right," he said, "I have all this energy. That felt great."

"I'm confident I can help you burn that energy down."

"Why are you doing this?" he asked.

"I appreciate the concern now that you've blasted your load into my face." He blushed. "It's fine, silly. The short version is Mr. Lembach found some amateur porn with me in it, and I promised to do what he wanted to keep my job."

"That's illegal!"

She shrugged. "Probably. But I'm not going to sue a law firm, I got a promotion out of it — got to be close to Mr. Lembach, you know — and I get to have a lot of sex I wouldn't have had."

"You're okay with it?"

"Yeah, sure. I mean, it fills up my dance card a bit, but boy am I satisfied."

"That blowjob was hot."

"And only the first of many, if that's what you want. I will suck your dick all weekend if you want." She gestured down her body. "But if I were you, I'd tell me to stand up and finish stripping so you could fuck some other parts of me." She squeezed her tits between her arms. "Pussy, tits, ass. Whatever."

"Anal?! Christine never wants to do that." She looked at him expectantly.

"I packed lube in my purse. Along with some other goodies." He looked at her and raised one eyebrow. "Surely you didn't think I packed just one piece of lingerie?"

He grinned. "Follow me into the living room," he said.

"Yes, sir."

He sat down on a couch against one wall. "Why don't you take off those panties in the sexiest way you can."

* * *

Hours later, they were in his bed. He was exhausted. After she had slowly taken off the panties, he had had her get down on all fours so he could fuck her doggystyle. Then she had nursed his dick back to hardness using her tits, and he had timidly asked to fuck her ass. He started out timid but was pounding into her by the time he came. They had moved to his bed, and she had sucked his dick again, but this time he wanted to cum on her face, so she had lain on her back as he jacked off onto her.

They were perusing porn on her phone when he said. "When you said you'd do anything, what did you mean?"

"My god. What else can I do to convince you."

He was quiet.

She purred. "Mmm, this seems like it will be good."

"My girlfriend wouldn't be down with this."

"I'm not your girlfriend. Surely you've noticed."

"I wouldn't even ask her, in fact." He was stroking her hair lightly as she tucked her head onto his chest. She waited.

"Look, I'm not going to say no. But even if I did, so what? Put it out there."

"That bottle of wine you brought?"

"Mm-hmm."

"The thing is, I don't know much about wine."

She waited.

"But I have a friend who's really into it. He would die to taste some of that." She smiled. Then she turned her head to him. "Only one friend?" He nodded. "Well, that's a pity. I was hoping for more." He stared at her. "Like Mr. Lembach said, you won't hit my kink boundaries."

She brought up the phone again. "Let's look for spit roasting porn." 

* * *

There was a knock on the door.

"Go get it," said Anthony. "It's Steven."

She obediently went to the door and opened it. A nattily dressed African-American stood there. His eyes grew big as he looked at her. She was wearing another piece of lingerie she had brought, a shimmering silk baby blue nightie with white lace trim. It didn't go quite far enough down her body to quite cover the matching panties.

"What the fuck," he said.

"Hey, Steven," said Anthony, coming up behind her. Steven looked at him.

"What the hell is going on?"

"I told you the firm sent me some nice wine, right?" Steven nodded.

"They also sent someone to help pour it. Or, you know, whatever."

"Does Christine know about this?!"

"Christine's away this weekend. The firm knew I needed to blow off some steam, so they sent Gloria."

"A hooker?!"

"Nope," said Gloria. "Just an eager-to-please coworker."

"Damn."

"Come on in, Steven," said Anthony. "Gloria, would you lead the way, please?"

She knew what was expected of her. She sashayed to the living room.

"I still don't believe this, man," said Steven.

"It took me a while, too," said Anthony.

"You adjusted fairly quickly," said Gloria as she looked over her shoulder at the two men watching her walk.

When they got to the living room, Anthony spoke up. "So I'm going to be blunt, Steven. Gloria is here to do my bidding. Anything I want."

"You can probably guess what he's gone for," said Gloria with a smile.

"Damn," said Steven. "That firm is awfully nice."

"So Gloria, my next command is that while Steven is here, you will also do anything he wants."

"What?" said Steven. Anthony clapped him on the shoulder.

"I'm sharing the presents from my firm, man. All of them."

"Any requests, sir?" said Gloria, looking at Steven.

"I just tell her to do it?" said Steven. They nodded at him. "Damn. Uh, okay. I guess. Uh, do a little twirl." She pivoted in place, fast enough that the nightie crept up.

"Make it something interesting, man," said Anthony. "Tell her to take off those panties."

"Really?"

"Anything you want, man. And I brought you over to share, remember."

"This is just not what I expected."

Anthony shrugged. "It turns out to be easy to get used to having a sex slave."

Steven looked at her again. "Uh, okay. Take off those panties."

"Yes, sir," she said with a smile. She lifted the nightie just a bit and stroked her stomach while looking at Steven. She hooked a thumb into the waistband of the panties and tugged them down a bit. She moved her thumb, and tugged down a bit more.

"Why don't you add some dirty talk, Gloria," said Anthony.

"Mmm," cooed Gloria as she continued to slowly nudge her panties down her legs. "I'm so happy Anthony invited you. As much as I love a cock in all my holes, two cocks is way more than twice as much fun." Steven still seemed stunned, but a smile had begun to grow. "I love taking off my clothes like this. I love getting men in the mood to take me. How do you like your girls, Steven? Horny and loud? Quiet and shy? I can be any woman you want me to be." Her panties were midway down her thighs now. She lifted the nightie again. "Do you like seeing my pussy? Can you imagine it spread wide in front of you as you get your cock ready to plunge into me?" Steven was definitely smiling now.

"I guess I don't have to imagine it. Why don't you turn around and bend over?"

"Ooh, now you're getting into it. I can't wait to follow your orders. I want you to fuck me every way you want. I'm here to make Anthony happy, and I know it will make him happy to see you fucking me. I'm hoping to be on all fours so one of you can be in my pussy while the other is in my mouth. I'm going to be so hot for you." Then she turned around, slowly, lifted her nightie, and bent forward.

"Damn, this is like a porn movie," said Steven. 

"You don't know the half of it, man. Gloria is fucking crazy kinky."

"Oh, yeah," she said, looking over shoulder. "Direct me like a porn star, Steven."

"Well, okay, then," he said. "Why don't you show off that pussy."

She slid her hands down her ass, and opened up the pussy on display to him. She spread her legs a little, so he could really enjoy it. She caressed her cunt with her fingers, opening herself up, stroking her lips, inserting a finger here and there.

She felt the rush of air as Steven stepped closer. She gave a sigh as he put his hands on her bare ass.

"You take cocks anywhere other than your pussy and mouth?"

"Oh, yeah. Anthony's already fucked my ass twice."

"Damn, man."

"It's been a busy day," said Anthony. He moved in front of her. "Gloria, I think Steven's about to get a taste of your hot pussy. You can suck my dick while does."

"Damn straight." She heard the belt come off, a zipper, a rustle of clothes. Still bent over, she slid her mouth onto Anthony's cock with a noisy slurp. She continued sliding open her pussy with her finger.

"Oh, I am so going to love feeling my cock in that mouth," said Steven behind her. She felt one hand on her hips. And then she felt the tip of a cock against her pussy.

"Mmm, yeah," she said, sliding Anthony's cock out of her mouth for a moment.

Steven's dick slid into her easily. He was of average size, but he clearly knew what he was doing. He took her nice and slow. She moaned as he lightly slid back and forth. And then he pulled back, almost out, and rammed himself to her. She moaned loudly again as Anthony's cock filled her mouth.

"This girl is fine, man," said Steven as he rocked into her. "I can see why you're not telling Christine."

"Yeah, tell me about it." Anthony began to slowly thrust into her mouth as he watched his friend fuck her. "And she'll do shit Christine doesn't even want to think about."

"No shit, man. You've told me how fun it would be for the two of us to fuck Christine, but she is not into it."

"No way. I wouldn't even mention it."

Gloria popped the cock out of her mouth. "She doesn't know what she's missing. Fuck me, boys." The two men obliged, both thrusting into her. Why had it been so long since she had had a threesome? Or more? She and her yard boy swapped fantasies, but so far she hadn't mentioned how much she liked group sex. She'd rectify that soon, she thought. 

Steven came first, unsurprisingly. Anthony had been fucking her all day already. She moaned as his hot cum filled her body. 

"Kneel down," said Anthony. She scooted herself down while still sucking Anthony's cock.

"Why don't you feel those tits, man," said Anthony. She felt Steven kneel down behind her a moment before his hands cupped her breasts. She moaned. She loved having two guys service her. The hands slid down her body, down to her pussy, and then slid up again, this time under the nightie. Steven's smooth hands felt great on her naked breasts.

"Aw, man, I'm going to cum," said Anthony. "Do me a favor, Steven," said Anthony. "Push her head down my cock so she gags on it." Steven obliged, and Gloria squirmed and moaned as Anthony's cock reached the back of her mouth. She gagged as it shot cum down her throat.

"Oh, that felt soo good," said Gloria, when Anthony's dick left her mouth. "Can you fuck me again, please?"

"We will," said Anthony, patting her head. "But let's get that wine open."

They started with the Champagne. "Man, this is nice stuff," said Steven, who had taken off his shirt and was standing, naked, looking at the bottle. He poured them glasses and they toasted.

"To stunning victories in court," said Gloria.

"To hot sex," said Anthony.

"To friends who share," said Steven with a grin.

Even after the Champagne, Gloria was feeling a little tipsy. Well, also because Steven had said that he had read that sperm was the ideal Champagne chaser and so he had made her pause to give him a blow job, which had left her buzzing. Anthony had filmed it.

Then they moved to the Bordeaux. Steven brought out glasses and they toasted again.

"Oh, silly me," said Steven, looking at Gloria. "There's an old French custom that women drinking old Bordeaux should be naked."

She raised her eyebrow. "Odd custom."

"You know the French," shrugged Steven. She smirked and slowly slid the straps of her nightie down her arms. She began to slide the whole outfit down.

"Damn, those are nice tits," said Steven, as her breasts came into view.
