 Gloria checked her makeup and primped her hair. She looked at herself in the mirror: tight white tank top; short, flared denim skirt; lack of bra for those who could tell. She was hoping she would get laid today by her new yard boy.

Her previous yard boy, Danny, had been a gem, and she had seduced him at the beginning of the summer. And then offered herself as a sex slave if he and his friend Brian went down on each other in front of her. They had, and so she had spent the summer getting seriously, awesomely, unbelievably fucked. But all along, he had kept up his yardwork duties. He just took more breaks for blowjobs and whatever else he could think of.

He had left for college almost two months ago now and she had gotten tired of doing the weeding herself. So she had asked him in email if he had any friends who might be interested. They had to be hard-working, honest, and so on.

And fuckable. Her garden wasn't the only thing that needed tending. Though Gloria was back to dating men her own age, she retained a taste for young, eager cock. She liked the idea of her paramour being a title passed down from senior class to senior class. Tuffy the Vamp Layer, she had chuckled to herself.

Danny had responded with a couple of names. "But I'm jealous that they'll be in your pussy, and I won't," he said. When she had seduced him, he had been so innocent. Now he had fucked a woman almost every conceivable way a woman could be fucked.

She had talked to the two guys and settled on Billy, largely because we was hotter. Sandy hair, piercing blue eyes, ripped abs. Definitely fuckable.

He had come over twice so far, and she had kept the conversation strictly on the up-and-up.

Today? Not so much.

She had already planted some seeds. Two nights ago, she had sent him an email with links to erotic stories that she considered his homework. Two minutes later, she had sent a follow-up email, saying, "Oh my god! My email selected the wrong name. I meant to send those to a guy I like. I'm so sorry; please don't click on those links." Ensuring, she hoped, that he would.

There was a knock on the door, and she hurried to it.

"Hi, Billy," she said with a wide smile. He grinned back. Such a pretty pretty smile, she thought.

"Hey, Ms. White," he said. Was she mistaken, or was there a bit more leer in his eyes?

"Billy, I think you can call me Gloria now."

"I'll try to remember, Ms. White," he said. She rolled her eyes and let him in.

"I was hoping you could give the front yard a bit of time today," she said. "A bit of weeding, rake up the leaves, that kind of thing."

"Sure thing," he said. He went into the garage and opened the door so he could bring the tools to the front yard without any problems.

Once he was set up, Gloria went out front and stood next to him.

"I'm sorry it's so hot today," she said, flapping her neckline in and out in what supposed to be a casual cooling-down maneuver but also gave Billy a peek at her naked 36C tits if he was paying attention. "Do you want some water?"

"Maybe in a bit, Ms ... Gloria," he said. She turned to him and smiled. Oh, yes, he had noticed her show.

"Billy, I have a favor to ask of you," she said. He started and looked up from her chest with his stunning eyes. Maybe she should just fuck him right there. No. She had a plan, and she had to stick to it.

"I'm going to take advantage of our last sunshine to do some sunbathing," she said, "and I have to ask that you not come into the backyard. Just ring the doorbell if you need anything." She paused to make it appear that she knew this was a weird request. "I'm just not very fond of tan lines," she said in a rush, "and I need some privacy." Hint, hint, Billy, she thought.

He nodded and smiled. "I get it," he said. "You can count on me."

"Good," she said as she smiled and turned into the house.

She brought him his water and then went into her back yard and stripped off her tank top and skirt. Underneath, she was wearing the bottoms to a yellow bikini that had been a big hit with her summer lovers. She oiled herself up with suntan lotion, hoping her skin would still be slick enough later to allow Billy's cock to slide between her tits. She lay down on the lounge chair, untied the bows on the bikini bottom, and waited.

She heard the clip-clip of Billy's clippers getting closer as he moved through the front yard. Suddenly they stopped. She could guess what was happening. Billy wasn't coming into the yard, but there were gaps in her fence. She rolled herself over, letting her raven curls fall to the side and her naked breasts pool on her chest as, she hoped, her new lover watched.

A few minutes later, she heard the tools going to work again, and she smiled to herself.

By the time he finished up, she was back inside. She was wearing an oversized t-shirt that barely covered her ass and the same bikini bottoms. Just a girl in a shirt and a bathing suit. No big, right?

He washed his hands and sat down at the table. She poured him another glass of water, and they chatted while he drank it.

"Let me get your money," she said, pressing her hands on the table to stand up. She went over to her purse, bent over far more than was strictly necessary, and rummaged her hands through it. Then she stood up and faced him.

"Shit," she said. "Billy, I'm really sorry about this, but I forgot to go to the bank last night. I'm all out of cash. Can I pay you next week?"

He slowly smiled. Ah, good, she thought. He had done his homework.

"I guess so, Gloria," he said. "But it's a bit of a pain."

"I know; I'm really sorry. I feel like an idiot. I'll get you next week, I promise. God!"

She moved into the kitchen. He stood up and came to the entrance, leaning against the wall. 

"Can I get you some more water," she said. 

"Sure, Gloria," he said. She went to the fridge and bent way over to get the pitcher.

She had planned for this; she had orchestrated it. But the feel of his hands on her hips still startled her. Which gave her enough time to slip into her act. She stood up and spun around, still holding the pitcher.

"What do you think you're doing?!" she said in a loud voice. Billy was right in front of her, his hands on her hips and a smile on his lips.

"I think we should talk about my payment," he said.

"We did; I'll pay you next week," she said. She was backing up, but there was only the open refrigerator behind her.

"What's to prevent you from forgetting next week?" he said. He was warm and solid. He stepped in against her.

"I won't; I promise."

"I think I deserve something this week, though, don't I?" My god, she thought. He was doing great.

"I'm sorry; I don't have any cash on me."

"You know," he said, "I read those stories you sent to your friend."

"Oh my god," she said, "I asked you not to. They're very embarrassing."

"I noticed a theme," he said. Really? Because, duh.

"Woman home alone doesn't have money to pay guys helping around the house, and she's been teasing them all day, so they have sex with her."

"Please, just let me go," she said. "Those were just stories."

"Dear Billy," he quoted, "here are some of the stories I've been fantasizing about, as promised."

"They weren't meant for you," she said.

"Oh, I know," he said. Maybe he was an idiot. "And yet here we are; you don't have money to pay me for work I did around your house."

He leaned in close. She felt her nipples harden, which wouldn't be hard to see at all. "But I think you have something to offer."

She was still holding the pitcher, and it was getting heavy. He had her trapped between himself, her refrigerator door, and the refrigerator itself. She was feeling the chill. Damn nipples, she thought. You'll give me away.

He put his hand on her hip.

"Please just let me go," she said.

"You've been teasing me all day," he said.

"No I haven't." Yes she had.

"Skimpy clothes."

"No."

"Sunbathing nude."

She feigned a gasp. "I asked you not to look!"

"A snug t-shirt over a bikini." She leaned back a bit, the better to look like she was trying to get away or show off her chest. Take your pick.

"You know, I asked Danny about you," he said. He was still close against her. She could feel his warm body through her flimsy outfit. She wanted it between her legs. "He said you had sex with him a few times." That was gracious of Danny. There had been a number of individual days where she had fucked him a few times, let alone the whole summer.

She pressed back into her refrigerator. "That was different. Please just let me go."

"So that seems like a good payment," he said. And as he did, he reached up to her tit.

She permitted herself a small shriek. "Stop it!" she said. Then she tried a different, more honest, tack. "Let me put this water down; it's heavy." He took it from her and put it on the counter.

"Look," she said, "I don't know what you're thinking is going to happen, but whatever it is, it's not going to." She pushed forward, and he let her escape the chill of the refrigerator, but then he put his hands to either side of her on her counter.

He leaned in again. "How about you give me a kiss," he said.

"I don't fucking think so," she shot back.

"You're going to stiff me my money and not give me any guarantee I'll get it? What kind of scam is this?"

"Look, that was a mistake." She leaned back against the counter. "Please just let me go." She leaned to her left, but his arm stayed firm. He pursed his lips.

"Fine," she said. She leaned up and gave him a peck on the lips. "There. Now will you let me go?"

"You call that a kiss?" he said. "That's not a kiss. Give me the kiss I want," he said. "A French kiss."

She rolled her eyes and sighed. Somehow he was still buying her act. She nodded, and he leaned in to kiss her. She parted her lips and let his tongue slide in. Ahhh. It was so nice. His breath was warm and pleasant, and the tongue in her mouth was making her quiver with anticipation. She felt his hand slide up to her breast. She had a part to play, so she wouldn't give in just yet.

"That wasn't the deal," she shrieked.

"That wasn't exactly what I was imagining for our kiss," he said. Wow, he was good at this.

"What were you imagining?"

"I'll know it when I see it," he said with his stunning grin. "But it definitely involved me feeling you up."

"No," she said.

"I've got time," he said. "How long shall we stay here?" She gave a frown meant to express disapproval.

She didn't say anything.

"Are you still not wearing a bra under this shirt?" he said. God, wasn't it obvious?

"That's none of your business," she said.

"I liked the way you fanned your shirt before," he said. "Nice tits."

Then he paused. "Let me see them."

"No," she said. "A kiss; that's all we said."

"Actually, I have a better idea," he suddenly said. He pressed harder against her as he reached behind her. She registered the sound of the pitcher being picked up a split second before he poured a big splash of water all over her front.

"What the fuck!" she screeched. For real this time; she hadn't expected that. But she was impressed. He had just entered her in a wet t-shirt contest with one contestant. Her nipples became rock hard against the fabric now clinging to her chest.

"Very nice tits," he said, looking down at her wet, heaving breasts.

"Fuck you," she said.

"If you insist," he said. He pressed his groin against her. She tried again to lean to her left to escape, but she didn't try very hard. His arm stayed where it was.

"We can stay here all day if you want," he said with his wicked smile, "or you can give me the kiss I want." Her teeth had begun to chatter.

"Please; I'm cold."

"You can sit in your cold clothes all day for all I care," he said. "Because they show off those tits so well. And there's more water in the pitcher, too." She shuddered with the chill.

He leaned in close again. "Is it cold?"

She nodded, looking at him. This was a really hard act to keep up.

"Do you want to be warmer?"

She nodded again. Quivers ran up her body in a steady stream.

"I'll make you a deal," he said. "Take off the shirt, and I'll warm you up. It'll be just like your stories."

"Please; I'm really cold." She was. She hadn't expected that move, but it was a really good one. He leaned forward, pulled the pitcher forward, and splashed her again. She let out a shout.

"Let's get you warmed up," he said. "Or you can stand here shivering for as long as you want." He shrugged. "Your choice."

"If I do this, you'll stop doing that?"

"As long as you give me the kiss I want," he said.

Okay, enough playing for now. "Promise?" she said. She was shivering from the icy water.

"Promise."

She crossed her arms and peeled her shirt up her body and over her head.

"Oh, yeah," he said. He reached his hands up and squeezed her breasts. She was still shivering. "Let me warm you up."

At that, he bent his head down and slid his warm mouth over her nipple. She clenched her teeth to prevent herself from moaning. Time enough for that later.

The warmth of his mouth, and soon his hands, did in fact help. He was kneading her breasts and sucking on them, and then he came up for another kiss. She welcomed his mouth and returned the kiss with passion.

"Turn around so I can grab those big tits from behind," he said. She did, and he cupped her breasts with his strong hands and pulled her back to him. She could feel his warm body behind her and his hard cock against her ass. She slid her hands backward behind his neck, enjoying the feelings. Yes, she was feeling warmer already.

"Bend over," he said in a husky voice. "Lean your hands on the counter."

She pulled forward but turned around and faced him.

"That wasn't part of the kiss," she said. "You got to feel me up. Let me go." She didn't know how much longer she'd bother with this.

He leaned forward again. "It's still not quite what I had in mind," he said. He grabbed the pitcher and splashed her again.

"Jesus!" she shrieked. "Stop that!" She started shivering again.

"Turn around, put your hands on the counter, and do what I say," he growled. "Or things get worse."

She was tempted to see what he had in mind. Instead, she did her best to look scared. "Please stop this," she said.

"We'll stop when I think I've been paid," he said. He grabbed her wrist and twisted until she yelped.

"Turn around, and put your hands on the counter," he said again.

She did as he said.

He pressed his hard cock against her ass, and then leaned forward to cup her tits. She loved the feel of his hot, sweaty chest against her. He kissed up and down her spine, and she whimpered.

"You like this, slut? You've been a fucking cocktease all day, but now the teasing ends." He pressed his hands against the bows at her hips holding the bikini bottoms closed.

"Untie these knots," he said. Ooh, nice touch, she thought. Making her consent to the sex by participation.

Without a word, she undid her left bow and then the right. Her bikini bottom fell to he ground. She heard him unzip his jeans. Yes, she thought.

"Spread your legs," he said. She whimpered but did what he said. She heard more rustling as his pants fell to the floor. She felt the hard tip of his cock against her naked pussy. She decided she could keep her act up a bit longer.

"Please don't," she said. She looked back at him. "How about a blowjob? I could do that if you want."

"Oh, we'll do that later," he said. And then without any other preamble he thrust his dick into her. She couldn't hold back any more. She let out a load moan.

"Yeah? You like this? Your pussy's really fucking wet." He began to thrust.

"Oh, god," she said. "Fuck me."

He thrust into her, hard. His dick was a delight. Not as big and long as Danny's friend Greg's, but plenty good enough. She rocked with him as he thrust in and out.

"Oh, yes!" she screamed as her tits swayed forward with each push. 

He thrust in and out of her for ten more minutes, finally cumming with a shout deep inside of her.

The two of them panted as he softened inside of her. She had moved down so her elbows were on the counter. Her nipples were hard as they touched the cold, tile surface. She sighed.

He pulled out and stepped back. She was free. She turned to look back at him.

"Was that the kiss you wanted?" She gave him her best vampy look. He grinned.

"It's a start. But I was picturing a kiss in your bed." She rolled her eyes.

"You're hard to please," she said.

"Well, then, you'd better get to work," he said. He knew she was fine with this now. She took his hand and led him out of the kitchen.

"Oh, before we continue, let me get something," she said. She turned to her purse and bent over. He whistled, and she wiggled her ass for him to admire. She stood back up and turned to him. In her hand was the money she owed him. 

He was surprised. How cute.

"Turns out I've got the money after all," she said. His mouth was still open.

"And that email? With the links about contractors fucking women who couldn't pay? Not a mistake; I'm glad you did your homework." 

"What?!"

"So here's the deal," she said. "I definitely need you to keep up the yard, but I have other small jobs that need doing." She caressed her naked pussy to emphasize what she meant. "So how about I send you more homework each week before you come here, and you be a good student."

He was still stunned, but slowly began to nod. Then he stopped.

"What's in it for me?" Now she was startled.

"Uh, fucking me?"

"Yeah, with your fantasies. What about mine?" She hadn't considered that, but she liked the idea.

"I'm game. Every three weeks, you get to pick out an extra day where you can send me homework."

"No. Every week." Hm, no. She really was trying to get back to dating guys her own age. The high-school student thing was just gravy.

"Every other week. That's my final offer."

"Okay, deal," he said. She smiled.

"Now where were we? Oh, right. Please don't do this anymore. I had sex with you once already? Isn't that enough?"

He blinked as she went back to her act. But he recovered quickly. He stepped up to her and put his hands on her hips.

"Don't fuck with me, Gloria. You tried to stiff me. You're going to take me to your bedroom and do what I say, or things are going to get a lot worse for you."

"It was just a mistake. Please don't."

He roughly turned her around and pressed his cock against her ass.

"You fuck me in your bed, or I fuck you in the ass right here." Oh my god, he was good.

She whimpered but then nodded and led him into her room, turning just enough to give him a big smile.