 Gloria slit open another envelope with her letter opener and looked at the bill. She was catching up on finances before thinking about dinner and then getting ready for her date with Brian tonight. The sex she expected to have later had gotten her through a boring day at work and was now getting her through the drudgery of bill paying.

Brian had asked her to dress in her cheerleader costume, but to omit a bra so that when she cheered for him, her pom-poms wouldn't be the only things moving around. And if that weren't enough, he had told her to lay out some rope on the bed. Given his recent discovery of the fun of anal sex, she expected to sleep well when he left.

sssssst. Another envelope opened. This time some junk mail. She tossed it into the paper bag to her right for recycling.

Her doorbell rang. Brian already? He was two and half hours early.

She stood up and smoothed out her calf-length navy blue skirt. She walked to the door, opened it, and saw a handsome, middle-aged man standing there with a manila envelope.

"Gloria White?" he asked.

"Yes," she replied.

"I'm George Carrey," he said. After a short pause, he added, "Brian's dad."

Uh oh. She should've spotted it: Same nose, same color eyes. She smiled as brightly as she could. "Come on in," she said.

They sat down at the table.

"Gloria," he said, "I was looking for some paperwork in Brian's room, and I came across these." He slid the envelope across the table. She knew what was inside, but she fumbled it open anyway, stalling for time.

Sure enough, there were a dozen photos in the envelope. Brian must have printed them out. Various shots of her in her maid's outfit. Bent over with a straight shot at the ruffled hot pants under her skirt. Bent forward with her hands around her 36C breasts as they hung forward. Kneeling in front of Brian, her hand on his dick and her face turned up to him. And the piece de resistance, her sitting on a leather chair with a blue feather duster pushed up between her spread legs. They were good shots, she thought, and the sight of herself in full slut mode was adding to the warm glow of anticipation she had had throughout the day.

"What the hell is going on in these?" said George. 

"I was dressed as a maid while having sex with Brian," she said. No point in lying.

"Are you a hooker?" he asked. She felt a flash of anger, but a moment later realized how this must look to him.

"No, I'm just having sex with him," she answered. She wondered how much Brian had said, and decided to play her hand close. She guessed Brian hadn't said he had sucked his friend's dick to get her to pose for those photos.

He let out a little sigh of relief. Guess he wasn't keen on the idea of Brian renting out prostitutes.

"What are you doing, then? He's just a kid!"

"George," she said, "Brian's actually a legal adult."

"Well this was in my house. On my chair! Do you think I want to see photos of you having sex with my son in my living room?" She thought of the photos again. Hopefully he wanted to; they were pretty hot, if she did say so herself.

"George," she said, trying to calm him down, "the sex was Brian's idea, and I went along with it. If you don't want him having sex under your roof, that's up to you to tell him."

"Oh, I told him all right," said George, "and I told him that he wasn't to see you again."

Now it was her turn to sigh. "George, I don't think that's a good idea."

"Don't tell me what's a good idea about my son," he said.

"He's your son, George; I know that. But if you forbid him from seeing me, he's just going to go behind your back. Forbidding it will make it even more tempting."

"But I don't want you to see him anymore," he answered.

"George," she said, "you can tell Brian not to see me anymore. But you can't tell me, and if he comes around, I'm not going to turn him away." 

George tightened his lips. "What you're doing isn't right," he said.

"How so?" she asked, letting her annoyance show. "He's a legal adult and so am I. We are actually free to do what we want."

"He should be seeing girls his own age," said George. 

"George, I'm not marrying him," she said. "It's just a summer fling, and he knows that. Besides, you could look at this as me doing him a favor." 

George sputtered. "How is that, exactly?"

"When he goes to college," she said, "he's going to meet women his own age, just the way you want. But he's going to know what he wants sexually, so he won't just end up marrying the first girl he sleeps with, only to find years later that she can't keep him interested as a lover." George flinched a bit. He looked to be in his mid-40s, so she probably had just hit close to home. How cliche, she thought.

"Look, George," she said, "I'm taking care of him. I've made the whole situation clear, so he and I are just having some fun before he buckles down at school. He's not going to get me pregnant, and I'm not going to leave him with any STDs."

"Besides," she said with a smile, "when you were 18, wouldn't you have wanted to have some fun with a hottie 30-year-old?"

He chuckled. "I don't think any straight guy would say that stopped at 18," he said.

Oh, really? This was going to be almost too easy.

"You know, George," she said as she moved her hands up to fiddle with the top button on her blouse, "I'm not a parent, but it seems to me that before you forbid your kid to do something on moral grounds, you should make an informed decision about it." She unbuttoned the button and moved her hands down to unbutton the next one.

"What are you saying?" he said, as his eyes locked on to her hands. She undid the button and moved her hands down again. By now, she was showing a good amount of cleavage and some flashes of the white lace bra she was wearing.

"I just think, George," she said slowly, "that you should have the most information you can before deciding what Brian should be allowed to do." By now, she had opened another button, and she pulled her collar back a bit to expose her bra. She moved her hands down to the next button.

"Gloria," he said, "I don't know what you think you're doing, but I'm a married man."

"George," she replied, "this is my house. I'm free to do what I want in it, and what I want is to get out of my work clothes. If you don't like it, you're welcome to leave." She undid another button and then untucked the blouse from her skirt. George sat watching.

"But I hope you won't," she said. 

"I don't think this is a good idea, Gloria," he said as he swallowed. He was staring at her breasts as she undid the last two buttons and let her blouse fall open. The cups on the bra were low cut so you could almost see a nipple, and the whole bra except for those cups was sheer lace.

"Don't worry about it, George," she said as she pushed her chair back, stood up, and walked to the side of the table near him. "I'm not offended by you looking. Like I said, I just wanted to get out of these clothes, and we're both adults, right?"

"But I do want to give you the chance to make a good judgment about Brian's right to see me," she said.

She reached her hands behind her and tugged the zipper down on the skirt. She turned around and eased the skirt down over her hips, bending over to push it all the way off. George was getting a great view.

She stepped out of her skirt and turned to face him. She had on a white garter belt with suspenders going to her thigh-high white stockings. Below that, she had on a white lace thong. Her office required conservative dress, but underwear was another matter. She kicked off her shoes so she was barefoot in front of him.

She stepped up to George and bent over to give him a really stunning look at her tits.

"I feel much better now, George," she said. "Don't you?" He was breathing shallowly and swallowing.

"Gloria," he said, looking down her bra, "I'm a married man."

"George," she said, "I don't want to cause problems for your marriage. I was just getting more comfortable. But I do think you should make a careful analysis before deciding whether you'll forbid Brian to see me."

She stood up and turned around. She looked back at him over her shoulder.

"If this is enough for you to make a good decision, them I'm fine with that," she said. "But if you think you need a little more information, you could stand up and unhook my bra." 

She worried she had pushed too far too fast as she stood there, her back to him, for a quiet moment. Then she heard him push his chair back, stand up, and step over to her.

She felt his hands slide down her back from her shoulders and stop at the clasp. She gave a little sigh. She felt his fingers push and pull at the hooks, and suddenly her bra went loose around her. She lifted her hands up to the straps and pulled first one and then the other down her arm. She turned to face George again.

"Thanks, George," she said, "I think this is a good decision. She pushed her arms a little forward and felt the bra slide down to her hands. She let it fall to the floor.

"I don't want my wife to find out about this," said George quietly. She leaned forward and kissed him, gently, on the lips.

"I don't want her to find out, either," she said. "This is just between us, right?" She nodded, and he nodded back. He lowered his eyes to her large, naked breasts.

He seemed to pause for just a second before crossing a threshold. Suddenly he was kissing her hard and squeezing her breasts. She moaned and kissed him back, running her hands along his chest.

"Take off your shirt," she said in a husky voice. Without stopping kissing her he began to unbutton his shirt. She rubbed her hands up and down his hairy chest. He was fit but not ripped like his son. A small paunch settled on his belt. He wiggled his feet a bit to kick off the brown loafers he was wearing.

He was running his hands up and down her back and over her ass. She moaned into his lips as he kissed and caressed her. Unlike her young male lovers, he was taking his time and she followed suit. The two stood there kissing, her in just a thong and garters and him in just his slacks and a belt.

A few minutes of rubbing her back and he slid his hand to the front of her panties. As he slid his fingers down over her pussy lips, she let out a little whimper. She reached out and undid his belt, pulling it out of the loops with a whoosh.

"Let's go to my room," she said to him. She turned, and he followed her down the hall. She pointed at the bed.

"Why don't you slip out of those pants," she said. He leaned in to kiss her again, and then undid his slacks and let them fall to the floor. He sat on the edge of the bed and pulled off his socks. Like his son, he was a boxers man. Hard to gauge the size of his hard-on, but it was certainly noticeable. She stepped up to him and he began to kiss her stomach. She groaned with pleasure as his tongue darted across her naked skin. He pulled the waistband of her thong out a bit, dipped his head, and then ran his tongue along the inside of the fabric. She wrapped her hands around his head and pulled him close. His little kisses felt so good. She was enjoying the enthusiasm of Brian and Danny, but an experienced lover was a treat.

She pulled his hands away from her ass and stepped back.

"Lie down," she said. He lifted his legs on to the bed and then propped himself on his elbow so he could look at her.

"Do you like my tits, George," she asked. He smiled and nodded.

She began to rub them and knead them together. 

"Ooh, I'm so glad," she said. "Want to see me lick them?" He nodded again.

She lifted her left breast and then pushed the nipple up. She bent her head down and stuck out her tongue. She felt the tip of it connect with her stiff, puffy nipple. She could taste a little salt on her own skin. She circled the nipple with her tongue. Then she did the same to the other breast. George watched raptly, his hard cock growing in his shorts.

"Now I want your honest opinion here, George," she said. "I could take off the garter belt and the stockings and the panties and climb, naked, into bed with you. Or I could unhook the stockings for a moment, take off the panties, and then hook the garter belt back onto the stockings before climbing into bed with you. Which would be sexier?"

"I think," he said, "that you should leave the garter and stockings on."

She smiled and proceeded to slowly unhook the belt from the lace trim of her stockings. First one, then the next, then the next, and finally the last. Then she hooked her thumbs into either side of her thong and began to slide it down her legs. Over the lace, down her thighs, down her calves, and finally she stepped out of them. She stood up and hooked the tights up again.

"Have you ever seen a shaved pussy up close, George?" He shook his head. "Ooh, you should feel it then. It makes me so much more sensitive." She stepped up to the bed and reached down to grab his free hand. She pulled it between her legs and he started rubbing.

"Oh, George," she said, "that feels so nice." She could feel the moisture building inside of her. His gentle strokes were a total turn-on.

She climbed onto her bed and pushed him on to his back. She threw a leg over him so that she was straddling his stomach. She bent down and kissed him again as he slid his hands down to her now-bare ass.

Then she slid down and began kissing his chest. She slid her tongue around his nipples. Then she slid down a little further. And a little further. She was kissing him the whole way down. Before long, she was at the waistband of his boxers. She had felt his erection as she slid down, and had shifted a bit here and there so that now his cock lay between her breasts.

She tucked her fingers into his boxers and slid them down, exposing a hard dick about six inches long. Brian was about the same length, she thought, but a bit thicker.

She slid her tongue up his shaft from his balls to the tip. "Oh, god, yes," he moaned. She circled the head of his dick with her tongue and then slid her mouth over it. It was so hard and delicious in her mouth. She slid her mouth farther down his shaft. 

"Oh, baby, yeah," he panted. She continued to lick and suck for a few more minutes, enjoying the languid pace of this older lover.

He looked down at her. "Why don't you scoot your way up here again, honey? Let me taste that pretty pussy of yours." She slid her way up and then lifted herself onto her knees. She scooted even further up until the lips of her pussy were at his mouth. She lifted herself a little and put her hands on the headboard.

"Oh, with pleasure," she said. And then she cried out as his tongue dug into her slit and began to caress her clit.

The moisture between her legs had spread, and she was feeling a familiar warmth as George's tongue flicked up and down. She began to push her hips back and forth.

She let out another gasp. "Oh, George, don't stop. Oh my god, George, I'm going to cum. It feels so good. Please let me cum on your tongue." He started lapping more eagerly.

She felt a quiver far up in her loins. George's tongue kept moving faster as he dug his hands into her ass. She looked down and saw him, mouth at her pussy, looking up past her garter belt to the big tits swaying down above him. The sight of his face, framed by the sheer white stockings, sent her over the edge. She began to shake as the orgasm hit her.

"Oh, god, George. Oh, god. Oh, god. I'm cumming. Oh, it feels so good. Your tongue is so hot, George."

She felt the orgasm subside, and she lifted up a little bit.

"Oh, George, that felt incredible." As orgasms went, it was nice. Certainly not as powerful as what she was getting when Brian and Danny double-teamed her, but she wasn't going to tell George that.

She began to scoot down again. "I want to feel you inside me," she said. "Will you make love to me, George? Will you slide that delicious dick between my legs? Will you thrust and push into me, George? Will you fuck me until you cum deep inside me?" She was positioned over him, up on her knees, his hard cock right below her.

"Oh, yeah, honey," he said. "But only on one condition." 

"What's that, George?"

"I want to watch you play with those big tits of yours as you slide up and down my stiff pole."

"Oh, it's a deal," she said. She reached down and grabbed his stiff dick and lifted it straight up. Then she slid her now-soaking-wet pussy onto it. The two of them moaned as he pushed into her.

She lifted her hands to her breasts and cupped them as she lifted herself a little and then dropped back down until his hard cock was all the way inside of her.

"Like this, George? You want to see me play with my big tithes?" She began to squish them together and pull at her nipples. He nodded and grinned.

"Ooh, ooh," she cooed as she moved her pussy up and down. "I love playing with my tits while a man fucks me." He put his hands on her hips and began to pull her down on her downstrokes so that he was really grinding into her.

She continued to massage her tits as she leaned her head back. It felt like she was moving up and down for twenty minutes before he began to speed up. A lover who had the discipline to handle longer amounts of sex was a real treat.

She felt him begin to thrust up into her, and he pulled her hips down and kept her there as he pushed in and in and in. Suddenly, he came with a shout. She felt the hot liquid coat her pussy and she moaned.

They lay together for a few minutes. She lay down on his chest and he wrapped his arms around her, gently running his fingers down her spine. Little shivers through her muscles chased his fingertips.

But eventually, he pushed on her a bit and she got up and rolled on her side. He sat up and began looking for his clothes.

"Well," he said as he stood up, "that was an unexpected treat. I have to say that when I first saw Brian's pictures of you, I was jealous that he was getting some really hot action. Now that I've fucked you myself, I'm even more jealous."

"George," she said as she watched him dress, "I hope this gives you enough information to make a good decision. But, you know, if you need to check back from time tot time, I'd understand."

"I may take you up on that," he replied with a smile. "But I think in the meantime that you're right; this is a good experience for Brian. It'll make a man out of him."

"Ooh, thank you, George. Just don't tell him we did this."

"Oh, I'm not stupid, Gloria. I don't want him resenting me. He's a teenager bound for college: I have plenty of attitude from him already."

She smiled at him, and he leaned down to give her a long kiss. She couldn't wait to fuck his son in a few hours.