 Her friend Amy had recommended the counselor. She'd been through a similar thing and said this woman had completely turned things around for them. So Anna had taken the plunge and booked a session without consulting Pete first. She knew he'd say no: easier to spring it on him the day before. Funnily, Amy didn't want to go into exactly what had happened at the sessions...seemed shy, but then this WAS marriage guidance. Not exactly the stuff of the water cooler.

He'd taken cajoling but that was only to be expected. He'd acquiesced when she'd given him an ultimatum: we go to this or no? After a little sulking he came round. Dragging his size 9's of course...it was going to be hard for him to talk about sex, especially to a woman and ESPECIALLY as he was the one doing the cock-blocking.

So. Here they were. In the slightly musty room adorned with mid-20th century expressionist paintings and African folk art. A library that Anna scanned and didn't recognise a single title ("Anal Sex For The Over 65's"? Jesus!"). The curt secretary had ushered them in told them to wait.

Pete was playing some dumb game on his phone...sheesh...what an overgrown teenager. It was just his way of coping with the stress, so she cut him some slack. She looked at his cropped blonde hair and big, soulful blue eyes. She really still totally dug him in that way: 35 and he still made her squirm to look at. Just knowing he didn't seem interested in her killed it though. She tried to stop thinking about it.

The door creaked and in walked The Doc. She was about 45, 5ft4, slim and very toned...looked like she ran. She wore a tweed skirt and jacket over a white blouse. Bright green eyes, and a deep brunette Bob framed her pale white face. The overall look was a little fusty...what you'd expect from someone with counselor in their job title. But those eyes...and the little puckered lips that never sat still, always playing with the idea of a smile suggested there were hidden depths.

"Well." Doc beamed a warm smile at the couple. Pete shuffled like a naughty schoolboy in his chair; Anna sat perfectly still. "You've already made the hardest step...admitting something is wrong. And now, together we're going to try and fix this, yes? But I need one thing and one thing only...trust." Her eyes moved from Anna to Pete and back again. They demanded agreement. Anna nodded her head. "Pete? We are a threesome now, in this room here. We can't have slackers, we can't carry anyone. Do you trust me?" Pete wasn't absolutely sure he did but he wasn't good at facing up to pressure from authority...he smiles a thin smile and nodded too.

"Excellent..." her cut glass accent cuts through all the dark wood and dusty books surrounding them. "Well Anna, thank you for the questionnaire. Its brought me up to speed." Anna had had to complete it with the aid of a bottle of wine. No WAY could she answer those straight. "And using that as starting point, let us begin..." There followed 45 minutes of questioning, reminiscing, opening up, confessing and all round baring of souls. The Doc even joined in, extolling the virtues of her third marriage, the most open and honest one yet "well...it would have to be" she said from there side of her mouth mischievously.

And her style worked for them. They both found her engaging, sympathetic and able to illicit things from them they would normally keep closed off to each other. "And so...we've had the theory. Let's try a little practical" the doc said cheerfully if a little cryptically for the couple. "Anna: up please...yes you, up." Doc beamed that smile and Anna had no choice. Breathing exercises? Poetry recital? Primal scream therapy? Could be any or all as far as Anna could tell. "Remember: trust!" Anna's cheeks reddened at being caught out worried. She liked this woman and wanted to be a good student. Mustering her most cheerful smile she clasped her hands in front of her and waited instruction.

"Now...Anna, your wildest fantasy was for Pete to watch you with another woman, no?" Pete coughed...he didn't expect THAT to have been on the questionnaire. Anna bit her lip and went redder, almost matching her long auburn hair. She had told him about when she was younger...but he didn't seem interested. And she didn't want to push. She'd never been with another woman but the thought excited her. It was surprising she wanted to talk about this with me stood up, thought Anna..."And so...let us..(taking Anna's wrists) see what happens when...' And the Doc leans forward and kisses Anna. She instinctively pulls away, eyes like saucers. "Trust...I know what I am doing dear..." So confused...but she" a doctor...she must know what she's doing. She leans in again and this time Anna closes her eyes and let's it happen.

Her lips feel so soft. Not like a man kissing: like receiving The Kiss of Life. Gentler. More tender. She feels herself melting into this woman...who she hardly knows and yet is making her groin fizz with excitement. Their mouths part wider, tips of tongues slide past each other and just as Anna is at the point of losing her mind the Doc breaks the link. "Now. Interesting. Pete...how do you feel?

Shit. For a minute there she had been so preoccupied, Anna had forgotten about Pete. She glances at him. Kinda dumbstruck is how she would have summed him up right now. The poor shmuck: he didn't know where to look or what to say. He looked like a dog who'd just been shown the entire contents of the butchers shop - then had it taken away.

But the Doc mistakenly took this as a sign of a lack of interest on his part. "Hmmmmmmmm. Ok. Very well. We'll try a stage 2. Anna...I need you to relax...". And with that, the Doc dropped nimbly to her knees. A quick reassuring glance up at Anna while her fingers passed over her belt, quickly undoing it and the first few buttons of her flies. Anna shut her eyes tight...this CANT be happening. She feels the room temperature air hit her thighs as the jeans are pulled down to her knees. The Doc's glance shifts from Anna, to Anna's baby blue knickers over to Pete (face slightly changed again: a dog with a whole chain of sausages).

And then The Doc slowly peels those briefs down. For an absurd moment Anna thinks she would have worn something a little more exotic if she'd known. She' have definitely shaved. Her bright red bush bared: The Doc smiled a small cheeky smile. And glancing back up again, using her two index fingers to spread Anna's thick outer labia, she leaned in and gave her one long, concentrated lick.

"Oooohh!" Anna cannot help but let a small yelp of shock escape. The Doc follows up the first lick with another...then another...until she has a regular rhythm going, tip and mid section of her tongue repeatedly coating and massaging Anna's clit. Anna's hand instinctively moves to the back of The Doc's head, taking a handful of hair. "Oh Jesus...". She can feel the dampness between her legs gathering, the muscles below her tummy clench...she starts to feel dizzy. With a touch of trepidation she glances down and sees The Docs bright green eyes unwaveringly staring at her as her mouth worked tirelessly at her soaking twat.

With a loud kissing sound The Doc breaks contact. Anna nearly doubles over at the intensity of the sensation. "Now...how do we think this is going? Are we feeling a little closer in what might be possible? Fantasies aligning somewhat?" Stunned silence. Anna's eyes scrunched up tight. Pete's wide open like saucers. The Doc takes a moment to wipe her soaking chin and stands. "OK. Pete. You can't be a bystander in this...you're a key emotional stakeholder : OWN your role in this fantasy." Pete doesn't really understand, but he gets the gist: she wants him to stand, so he does.

"Here." The Doc motions directly to the spot just to left of Anna. Pete shuffles over, clearly trying to hide the tent in his slacks. A short "WHAT THE FUCK?" glance is exchanged between the couple before The Doc kneels again and unzips Pete. Her hand explores inside and can't fail to find his already hard dick. She helps it out (no mean feat), smiling up at him as she eases his balls out too. All of him now is exposed, hanging there both women staring at it. Anna had forgotten how big he could get when properly aroused.

The Doc holds his shaft firmly and points it straight up. Her tongue's tip touches to the flesh directly under his balls and then works its way up, massaging the rough skin, circling in places, probing in others. At the base of his cock the lick becomes a kiss and then a suck. Working her way up the shaft until she reaches his bulbous head, pink and obscene. Here, she simply takes all she can in her mouth, winks at him and sucks again, for all she is worth. Anna can't believe how out of her mind this is sending her. She cannot physically stop her left hand moving to her own pussy and delving a finger in. Her right arm moves around Pete's waist in an embrace. She wants him to relax and enjoy this...whatever it is...guidance session?

The Doc removes Pete from her mouth...he's ready and she knew it wouldn't take long. "OK (hand moving to her own skirt waistband now). Time for a little group therapy rather than on-on-one." Her skirt drops to the floor, and elegantly she sweeps it up, folds it and places it on her chair. A pair of pearl coloured camisole knickers fit her snugly. Her fingers begin to work at her blouse and when finished, she removes both that and the jacket. Pete and Anna gaze shyly...she has an amazing body. Compact and pert. "Pete...bra, please, Anna, these...(pointing at the knickers)."

Dutifully, the couple walk forward, Anna kicking her jeans and knickers off in the process. Pete's fingers try a couple of times to undo the bra, and finds success on the third attempt ("Such a klutz, why couldn't I have got the panties"). Anna bites her lips as she gently tugs the knickers down to reveal The Doc's trimmed pussy. A small voice in her head urges her forward: she can't resist. She leans in and places a small tender kiss on The Doc's slit.

"Would you like to try more dear? Its good to try new experiences..." The Doc opens her legs, placing one foot on her mahogany table, while her fingers play across her torso and move to her cunt, spreading her labia and exposing her soft pink glory. Anna gazes. She's never been this close to one. It was beautiful. Shed checked her own out in a hand mirror and obviously seen a few porn videos when trying to get Pete interested...but somehow they weren't as...pretty as this. She closes her eyes and let's her tongue trace up and down the raw smoothness. The taste is intense...different to how she expected.

"Pete...there's an opportunity to complete this experience for Anna..." and The Doc gestures to Anna's rear. Pete, kind of dumbstruck from seeing his wife hungrily licking out a near stranger, takes a few seconds to get what she's talking about. But he gets there in the end.

He shuffles behind her and sees her moist hole begging to be fucked. "Hang on Pete...we all deserve a new experience today" and she reaches over for her handbag. Out of it she produces a small tub of lube. "Remember: new experiences. They keep us young." She leans forward and passes it to him. Anna takes a short break, her jaw aching but loving every second, to look over her shoulder and nod at him.

"Jesus" he whispers. Opening the jar he eases a little onto his fingers...this is all new to him, but he spreads the majority on Anna's tight puckered hole and the remainder on the tip of his prick. He's hoping The Doc will put him right if he fucks anything up. Taking a deep breath he places his head against her entrance (thinking "this isn't going to fit") and pushes with his hips. To his relief she accepts his tip. Anna let's out a little cry, but not of pain. Of pure exhilaration. The Doc strokes her hair and whispers "Good girl", applying pressure and reuniting Anna's mouth with her soaking wet pussy again.

Pete pushes further in, halfway now. It feels remarkable...more muscular, like her body is sucking him in. A little more pushing and he's in properly, and begins to fuck her. Oh Christ it feels good. And that's without factoring the sight of that woman spreading her legs for Anna to lick. The Doc looks from Anna's eager tongue up to Pete's still shocked face and smiles warmly. "Enjoy...please." And that he does, building a tempo. He looks down and sees his girth stretching her delicate flesh...God, this feels so...right. He hasn't lasted long, and he can't hold it in. His knees begin to go, feels his groin on fire and the unmistakable feeling of his balls beginning to tighten. The Doc must have recognise this in his face as she stands, steps round and reaches to the base of his dick with a pinch. He gasps and involuntarily withdraws as his orgasm begins. The Doc drops to her knees and takes him in her mouth. She un-pinches him; he shakes as a torrent of his cum floods her mouth. Her bright clear eyes penetrate into him as he unloads. "Fuck!" He exclaims as his last thrust subsides. She stands having caught all of him, bar one small dribble escaping from the corner of her mouth.

The Doc beckons Anna. She takes the younger woman's face in her hands, holds her gaze not more than three inches away, the places her own lips against hers. And opens. Cum, still warm, billows out of her mouth. At the same time, The Docs fingers move straight to Anna's clitoris. Quickly massaging it, Anna begins to orgasm almost immediately...everything that has happened today has been energizing that small piece of flesh being circled now and she is ready for the release: welcomes it with open arms.

As she shakes, some her husbands fluids flood her own mouth , the rest cascades down over their chins as they kiss. It hangs in rude globules, dripping down onto her blouse and The Doc's small hard nipples. Their kiss ends and they break, Anna still panting and red cheeked from the climax. Again they search each others eyes. This time they smile at each other, looking down at their semen smeared visages.

"And THAT concludes the first session. Hope that was useful."