 When I took a job as a Security Guard at the local hospital a couple of years ago I was well aware of my stature in the pecking order amongst doctors, nurses and executives. If I had any hope of scoring with any of the three, I thought, it was time to hang up my flashlight. So, I did the smart thing and concentrated on doing my job well. Maybe that is what put me in the state I find myself.

I'm sixty years old, a pensioner from a federal job and all I wanted to do was make a few bucks, beer money. As the newest employee, I was assigned the "last out" shift, midnight to eight. I could handle it. Thirty years of previous shift work, this was a cake walk.

My first couple of months I concentrated on learning my duties, made friends, kept my opinions to myself. I didn't get fresh with any of the female staff and I didn't let myself get caught up in any head games. When I saw an attractive person in the hospital, I kept my thoughts to myself. I didn't want some asshole to announce to my fellow workers, "Joe's got the hots for so and so."

Don't get me wrong, I looked at the girls. I looked and fantasized. I met American women, European woman, Asian women and Black women. I was a gentleman to all of them. I didn't cross the line. I would have liked to but I didn't. I kept my head.

That was until I saw Doctor Anna D. We all called her that because her name was so difficult to pronounce that she went by Doctor D. It was one of those Slavic names with no vowels and ends in "sky". When she said it, it was poetic. No, erotic. The sound, somehow seemed to come from the top of her throat, bounce against her cheeks and fall off her tongue. When I heard her say her name, my legs went rubbery. 

I had seen Dr. D in the hospital thru my shift as she visited some of her patients. Most were elderly and of the same ethnic background as her. As a General Practitioner, she was loved by them all and had a great reputation for caring for them. I didn't actually see her interactions with them, but everyone, including the nurses, spoke well of Doctor Anna D.

I don't know about you, but, I think the best memory of any relationship I've had with someone is that moment when I was caught spellbound. It is that instant that the person catches your inner soul. Dr. D caught mine as she stepped off of an elevator and flew past me. When she did, her eyes looked at mine and a small smile formed on her mouth.

This was the closest I had ever been to her. I had seen her from a distance and thought she was an average, fifty something woman. I would have guessed her height about 5'6" and her weight to be about 130 pounds. She was always in a doctor's coat with pants or occasionally a skirt, but she always wore high heels. Dr. D moved past me and as I stepped into the elevator, and the door closed, I was in a stupor. I was distracted all night until my shift was over. I went home to get some sleep but was restless thru the morning. When it came time for me to come back to work, I was exhausted. Dr. D was in my head. 

I watched for her every night. I patrolled the floors I knew she frequented. I walked the parking lot, keeping an eye out for her car. After two weeks of this behavior I knew I had better stop it or I'd find myself accused of stalking a doctor. 

I was scheduled to be off this particular Saturday night but another guard had a family affair to attend so I switched a day with him. It was a stormy night with high winds in the area. The weather kept our Emergency Department quiet and once I had my rounds finished I decided to stand outside and watch the wind play hell with the trees on our property. I was close to the Doctor's parking lot and as I stood there, a female emerged from the hospital and walked towards the lot. With the wind blowing, the woman leaned into it with head down, arms wrapped around a briefcase, her white coat flapping wildly. I knew who it was. It was Dr. D.

With a lump in my throat I headed in her direction. My plan, devised in seconds, was to come to her aid if needed. Cripes, I hoped she needed me. Before I reached her car she had gotten to it, opened the passenger door and threw her belongings inside. She was removing her Doctors coat when a gust of wind came up and lifted her skirt above her waist. It seemed like minutes that she struggled to get her arms out of the coat sleeves and I was at her side at that moment. The strong wind had shoved her against the car door and her skirt was plastered up, onto her back. Dr. D wore white panties that stretched across her ample ass and the waist band bore into her thick waist. I pulled her skirt down and as I did my hands slid down her backside. Dr. D turned and looked at me for a moment.

The wind was still pretty strong. I took the doctor's arm, held her away from the car and closed the door, then walked her to the driver's side, all the while holding her arm. Once settled in the car, she closed the door and rolled the window down.

"Thank you. I'm sorry; I don't know your name."

"Joe," I said as I looked down at her. I saw that she had a plain face. She didn't have a lot of makeup on. Her lips were thin and she had a tired look in her eyes. The Doctor's straight hairstyle had brown and blond highlights with a hint of gray creeping in. I thought she was beautiful.

"Thanks' Joe. I'll see you again".

With that, Dr. D started her car and drove out of the parking lot. 

I stood thinking that a doctor having any interest in a security guard is not thinking rational. It's one thing to have a fantasy; it's another to live reality.

For the next three weeks I put the good doctor out of my head and concentrated on my job. I spoke to no one of the incident that windy night or of my frivolous desires. It was difficult to sleep after my shift, thinking how close I had been to the near nakedness of Dr. D. I refused to masturbate of the scene in my mind because it would only cheapen it.

--------------------------------------

It was about 2:00AM on a Tuesday when I got a request to check the hallway of the on-call staff. It was an unusual call because we never have problems in that area of the hospital. This was where a doctor, on duty, could get some rest if there was no need of their services. I stepped out of the stair tower, I like the exercise, and walked down the dark hallway. At the far end, a light shone against the walls and I could see a shadow moving about. This was the area of the on-call doctor's room.

"Shit!" I thought. "I hope I don't have to deal with a break in." My tension level was on high alert.

"Hi, Joe," a female voice called to me as I saw a figure, quickly step into the hallway.

I nearly shit my pants. I could not focus on the figure, the action was so fast.

"Are you okay?" the voice asked.

"Yea, you startled me!" I barked out.

I knew it did not sound like the way a Security Guard should respond but I didn't give a shit. I composed myself and stepped closer to the voice.

It was Doctor Anna D. She was dressed in hospital scrubs and a bonnet covering her hair. The clothes did not flatter her figure and she looked somewhat frumpy in them. All the females look that way in them. I think the Doctor's have them tailored fitted for themselves so as to snag the nurses.

"I'm sorry, Joe," Dr. D said as she turned to re enter her room, pulling off her bonnet and shaking her head to free her hair.

I stood in the hall for a moment and then walked toward the room. As I stepped up to the doorway, Dr. D, with her back to me was pulling her top over her head. At first I was going to move away but I decided to stay. She knew I was still there. I watched the green top slid up as she held her arms high. I looked at her white bra strap, biting across her back and the shoulder straps pressing into her shoulders. As the top came down to her front, Dr. D turned, holding it to her chest, and looked at me.

We both stared into each other's eyes for hours. It seemed like hours.

I stepped forward and took the top from the Doctor. Taking a big chance, I kicked the door closed behind me and stood looking down at her for a reaction.

"Good thinking, Joe."

We didn't touch each other. I leaned down and kissed her open mouth. Her breath was warm and heavy. Our tongues lapped together and we bit and chewed at each other's lips. I tasted blood in my mouth and knew she wanted to hurt me. I felt the Doctor's chest press up against mine and I reached behind her to unsnap her bra. Three clips and I flung the bra to the floor. I held her under her arms, at her rib cage and bit at her throat. I looked down and saw that her tits were large and flat, like pancakes on a griddle. Big, pink aureoles were swollen. I knew that if she fucked on her hands and knees, her tits would swing, wildly.

"Pull my pants off," she ordered.

When I knelt on my knees and did as instructed, facing her plump belly, Dr. D forced my head down with her two hands on my head pushing my face into her mound of soft, blond hair.

"Lick me," she said and at the minute my tongue touched her slit, my radio crackled loudly.

"Joe, we need you down at the Ambulance entrance. Stat!"

"I have to go," I said as I pulled away to stand up. The taste of her sweet, musky, wetness was on my lips. 

Dr. D grab at my tie, pulling me close to her body. I could tell she was trying to keep me from leaving because she was so horny.

"What about me. You can't leave me like this!"

I thought she was crazy. She knew I had to leave.

"I'll come back," I said to her, trying to free myself from her choke hold on my necktie.

"Damn it! You better."

Walking away I knew I had to wash my hands of this woman. The great sex I might get could cost me my job. I busied myself thru the shift and at 8:00AM I left the hospital and headed for my favorite breakfast spot. I wasn't due in work until Friday at midnight and I hoped that Dr. D would by then come to her senses and forget about me for tonight.

When I came to work I kept my eyes and ears open for any sign that would tell me my adventure with the doctor was found out. Thru the shift everything seemed okay until the phone rang in the Security office. It was the PBX operator.

"Joe. Your needed up at the Doctors on-call floor."

My stomach turned. This woman is going to jam me up. I was going to straighten her out.

When I reached the room, the door was open. Dr D was standing at the same spot that I left her in the same attire, naked.

"Close the door!"

I pushed it shut. My eyes scanned her body, the flat breasts, her supple belly and thick, but strong thighs. I looked at the Dr's soft hair between her legs and as my gaze was noticed, she opened her stance.

"First," she said, "let's get back to where we were before being interrupted, shall we? Then we'll talk about your not coming back to me the other night."

I lost my will and dropped to my knees. The Doctor lifted her left leg and placed her bare foot on my right shoulder. I stared up at her vagina; the fat wrinkled, meaty lips slightly open revealing a sliver of pink. To balance myself I gripped her one thigh and reach behind her to hold onto her ass. My tongue speared her gash and my partner emitted a gasp.

"Damn. That's it!" She hissed her words as she instinctively lowered her torso onto my face.

I parted the thick flesh with my mouth and drove my tongue in deeper. Dr. D's body fluid began to flow from her hole. I lapped at her and drank her juices. My own pleasure of taking her nectar was perceived as being obedient. On the contrary, she had no idea of my love of pleasing a woman orally and tasting the love liquid that flowed from them.

The Doctor's hands cupped and squeezed her breasts and then one hand fell to her clitoris to stroke it wildly. She kept her voice low so as not to be heard, but the growls she made gave her climax away and it came fast. I felt the pressure on my shoulder as her leg stiffened and her body jerked in spasms. I watched her breasts flap against her chest with a slapping sound caused by her body sweat. As I made my final plungers into her hole, I squeezed her ass and smacked it hard. With that, she grabbed my head with both hands, pulled me into her vagina, hard, then pushed me roughly to the floor.

I laid there looking up at the Doctor, standing over me, panting. She was comfortable in her posture, naked while I lay there fully clothed with an erection pressing against my trousers.

"You want to fuck me, don't you? I can see you have a hard on. Well, I'll tell you when and how and where you will fuck me, and if you don't, I will report you as a rapist who came here to my room. The operator knows you were on a call here tonight."

I couldn't believe this bitch was this crazy. Who would have thought a doctor would do this. I needed this job. My mind was racing. I knew I had to play along until I could figure this out.

"Okay, Doctor, what now?"

"First, you will call me Anna. Second, I want you to fuck me in the dirtiest place you can find in the hospital. It better be a safe place though, because if we get caught I will tell them you forced me there against my will. You know they will believe me."

I got up and dusted myself off. My hard-on was shrinking, even thought I was still looking at the naked woman I had desired in the past so often. I still felt something for her but I was angry at her dominant attitude. 

She wrote her cell number on a piece of paper and handed it to me giving me instructions to call her when I had things set up.

The next couple of days I was a mess. I had all kinds of thoughts. I was angry about the way things had turned out with the Doctor. But, I was turned on. Here was a woman who was demanding things of me that I would offer to do freely. I just couldn't accept the situation of being controlled. I had to gain the control back!

A plan finally came into my head. I knew the hospital engineer, Mike. He was a young guy that I've tossed a couple beers back with at the local bar that most of the employees frequented. I knew he would help me without a lot of questions, for the right price.

The right price was established. I made arrangements to have complete privacy in the hospital boiler room at 2:00AM the following week. I was off that Saturday night and Mike would stay clear of the area unless I called him with an emergency. I called Dr. D on her cell phone and told her of our meeting place.

"You did real good, Joe," she said with authority.

-----------------------------------

I was at the boiler room at 1:00AM on the night of our meeting paid off Mike and set about my plan. It was simple, I was going to film my encounter with Dr. D., Anne, and turn the tables on her. I found a shelf to set the video camera on and made all the necessary adjustments. All I had to do was work myself over to it and, inconspicuously, turn it on. 

My partner arrived sharply at 2:00AM dressed in street clothes, carrying a backpack. I was standing outside getting some air because the room is especially hot in the summer. She looked great in her t-shirt and jeans.

"Let's get to work, Joe!"

I followed her in and she went straight to the wall my camera was. I almost shit. I followed her to the spot but she never saw the device. 

"I'll be with you. Give me some space," she snarled and when she bent down to unzip the bag, I reached up and turned the camera on.

I walked back to a railing near a boiler and leaned against it, watching Anna. She unzipped her jeans and pulled them off. Her t-shirt came off next, over her head. Anna stood there in a black lacy corset with half cups that lifted her tits up while exposing her nipples. She also wore a black thong and I looked at her legs move as she wiggled her toes back into, black stiletto heels that looked to be 6" high. Bending down, she reached for her bag and walked towards me. I was in a state of high anxiety. She was actually starting to frighten me.

"Get out of your clothes," she ordered.I obeyed at once and pulled my jeans off, folding them, to hang on the railing.

"Get your fucking clothes off and throw the aside, damn it!" I tore off everything but my sneakers, tossing them into a pile. I stood there completely naked with my hands covering my privates. Anna had me physiced.

I looked at her standing before me; hands on hips; fleshy breasts sitting in their cups of lace; nipples pink and swollen. I saw that she must have shaven some of her pubic hair because her thong was so brief but none of her blond hair showed. She had applied a lot of eye shadow and lipstick on before arriving. It was out of character of her and gave Anna a wild, erotic look.

My cock was beginning to swell and she saw it. Reaching into her bag, Anna pulled out four leather straps. She yanked at my right arm, exposing my cock and freeing it to wobble into view. Her tits jiggled as she struggled to tie my wrist to the railing. Without much struggling, she managed to secure my left arm. Kicking at my feet, my seductress made me spread them and, bending over, secured my ankles with the remaining straps. I looked down to see her tits fall out of their cups and swing to and fro until she stood up stuffing them back into the black cups.

"Did you enjoy seeing my tits wiggle, you fucker? I bet you'd like to suck them, wouldn't you?"

"What would you like to do, touch me, lick me?" she taunted.

"I would like to look at you," I said.

"Really! You want to look at my body. Will that make your little dick hard?"

I had no problem with the size of my cock but I knew I had to play along.

"Please, Anna, it would make my tiny penis hard if you let me look at you." Anna had no idea of my game.

Backing away from me, she stood with her legs spread and her hands resting on her buttocks. As if dancing to music, Anna turned slowly, caressing her body. She lifted her breasts up and squeezed them for me and for the camera. She bent at the waist and smacked her ass cheeks, pulled the fabric of the thong aside and touched her slit, again for the camera and I. Her dance was hypnotic and my fears of being tied up diminished. I was absorbed in her behavior. Anna's high heels gave her thick legs a long appearance and caused her muscles to stand out. She was enjoying this erotic show and had no reservations of her surroundings.

Anna stopped abruptly and came to me, leaning her body against mine.

"I've know you wanted to fuck me for weeks. Why didn't you come up and tell me. You were scared to, but now your right here with my tits in your face and you can't touch them, can you?" 

Anna, in her tall heels needed only to raise up a few inches to put a nipple against my mouth.

"Suck it. Suck it, then devour my whole tit!"

I opened my lips and swirled my tongue around the pink aureoles, her nipple stood out like a hard peg. 

"I said suck!" she barked.

I could do that you bitch, I thought, and sucked in hard on the swollen disc. Anna yelped and I gobbled up her entire breast, into my mouth. With a hard suction I pulled her tit out of the lace holder and held onto it. My tormentor's body pressed against mine and I felt her free hand rub her mound. I strained against my ties and pushed back at her body.

"Do the other one," she hissed. I complied, biting this time, chewing at her flesh.

"Ouch! You bastard!"

Her hand went to my throat and choking me she grabbed at my stiff cock and pulled at it. Her grip on my shaft was hard enough to put the head off. I was excited though and had she held on to me any longer than she did I would have exploded.

"Did you shave your pussy?" I whispered with my strangled voice.

"Shut up!" Anna snarled. "My pussy is none of your concern. You want to see my pussy? I'll show you my pussy1"

She released me, turned and jutted her ass out to me. She pulled her thong strap aside showing her bare pubes. Her fingers rubbed and stroked the smooth skin. She then fell onto her back, on the floor and again pulled the fabric aside to reveal her female self. If she wanted to get down and dirty, this was the place to do it. The floor was covered with dust and soot and it clung to her perspiring body.
