 After working for a company for 35 years, I was given a generous "package" and since I always liked the work I did in the telecom and computer industry, I stayed within the industry and worked doing small jobs and rarely working as a sub-contractor.

The jobs I enjoyed to most were ones in the medical field where almost all the people were female. Plus, the offices were almost always closed on Saturdays and Sundays so if I had a fair amount of work that required me to run cables through walls or overhead, I knew there would always be a day or two when I would have the entire place to myself. 

One office that I had assigned to me was a female dermatologist practice. I think I was in my second week there before I formally met the physician who headed up the practice. I did not form any opinion of her at first but as days went on, I saw that she was quite a fine looking woman. Probably early fifties and she had frequent workouts that she came from or went to. Once a week or so I would see her as she returning or was leaving and her leotards or whatever they are called were very eye-catching. I guess she was a size 8 or 10 and had a fine figure. Narrow waist. Nice set of tits and a spectacular rear end! She was a dirty blonde and she usually had it pulled up in a bun or a clip, allowing her perfect facial features to be seen. She was a real looker!

In the past 10 years I usually vacationed with an old school buddy (a male) or by myself. Depending on if the guy could get time off, I would book the resort (a time share which could be moved anywhere in the Caribbean) and the guy would pay for the car rental, if we needed one. It all evened out.

About 1 month ago my buddy had to cancel and I was a little miffed because he had done that once before. My cell phone conversation was overheard by the pretty middle-aged dermatologist and she inquired "why I was being so harsh with my girlfriend?" I replied that the person I was speaking to was not my girlfriend, only a male friend who has a name that could be mistaken for a female and he had done the same thing a year ago.

The dermatologist took this new information and I could tell there was some pondering going on. The next day was Thursday, her half day and I expected the office to be empty by 1 or 1:30, so I showed up about then. I have a key and security code to a side door and I let myself in. When I am alone I usually set up my radio and listen to music. Today, being Thursday, I had the radio on and some popular country station was playing the current list of popular hits. Florida Georgia Line, Lady Antebellum, Little Big Town.

An hour into my project, the doctor comes in and she asked me if I kept my vacation plan for next week. I had kept it and I told her so. She then floored me when she asked: "Would you mind if I came in place of the buddy who cancelled?"

She mentioned that she had not taken a "real vacation" in about 3 years. I was over-thinking the situation which was stupid. She saw that I was not jumping at the offer and she seemed to be getting ready for a rejection. I told her that if she could get time off and a last-minute plane ticket, I would handle everything else. She asked for flight details and the resort name. I knew she was for real and couldn't control my facial expression. 

Within 15 minutes she asked if we should meet at the airport or if we should catch a ride together. Since I was almost on the way to the airport I told her: "Let's share a ride".

The morning for departure came and I had not slept much due to my excitement. Here I was, a 55 year old average dude and I was going to Mexico with a woman who could give any woman a run for the money. At 5:30 A.M. I was outside my house waiting and 5 minutes later a small limo pulled in my driveway. She pops out and said "I am sorry I do not have Mimosas for us to start our trip". Nice ice-breaker!

At check in she mentioned that she had "upgrades" that usually go to waste and if I wanted, we could upgrade to first class if there was room. There were a few seats open and we actually had seats next to each other. I forgot how nice First Class is. Warmed towels, Coffee or drinks in mugs or glasses. The food is still plain, but I was too nervous to eat before I left so it was welcome.

The ride to the resort was only 20 minutes. I had been there before so I knew the resort. A couple employees were looking familiar and when I asked if they had been there a few years ago, they both said they recognized me, which made my companion think I was something special. The room had originally been reserved for a 2 bedroom suite. The super-observant clerk at the front desk asked if I still required 2 bedrooms and I was frozen! The best news I heard came from the Doctors' lips when she said "We'll be fine in a 1 bedroom".

My prayers were being answered!

Upon being brought to the room and shown the amenities, the Bellman asked if we wanted the "pillow menu" now or later. Dr Derm said "We'd like to select pillows a little later". I gave the Bellman a $20 and he gave us our space.

All my companion could say was how elegant and clean the resort was. We were in an Ocean view room about 6 floors up and you could hear the waves but not the people below. Sweet.

She wanted a cocktail and I escorted her to the Lobby Bar where I knew they had a superior selection of spirits. Apparently, I was remembered because the Bartender asked if I still liked Grey Goose martini's. I do but I asked my lady friend if she would like to choose the first cocktail we would have. She said "Two Grey Goose Martini's, por favor". We apparently both have a weak or moderate grasp of Spanish. Hers being a bit better than mine.

After our relaxing drink we went upstairs to get into out swimsuits. She did go into the bathroom to change, which I was a little disappointed at but when she emerged, she was in a beautiful 2 piece bikini which looked like it was custom made for her! She asked for a generous application of sunscreen and I told her that I would not want to get any lotion on her beautiful suit and she may want to untie the top. She did and I got my first glance at her boobs. Magnificent! Perfect slope and nipples that were made for sucking! I started to rub in the lotion and she twirled around so were we facing each other. She placed her arms around my neck and we kissed. And we our tongues dancing and I took may hand and rubbed her nipples and I pulled her in closer. She was breathing hard and her nipple was getting longer and harder! I did not want to stop! 

We fell onto the bed and started dry humping. My dick was tenting really nicely and I wanted my readiness to be rubbing against her groin so I made small movements that would be teasing to her, if she was into this lustful act.

She soon pulled her top off and asked me to take her bottom off, which was too wonderful to describe! I stopped when the bottoms were half way down her leg and dove into her shaved pussy with my face, tongue and mouth. I stayed there until she asked if her bottoms could come all the way off.

I slowed down to enjoy the moment. No courtship. No dinner date. We began our relationship in bed.

Once she was fully naked, I removed my swim trunks and crawled next to her, side by side. My cock was pointed directed at her and every time it touched her body it left a bit of pre-cum. It brushed near her pussy and she would squirm to get herself in a better position for penetration. I was going to hold off as long as possible before fucking. If I can stay focused on my partners' pleasure, I have been able to hold off on climaxing. Old age is not without its' bonuses.

Finally, she was worked up enough that she rolled me onto my back and she mounted me! Not like a lady, but more like a vixen who has been denied too long. She got me into her pussy with the first effort and she looked me in the eye as she grit her teeth and breathed heavily. It was really tight and I was grateful I was on the bottom! My dick was being milked in a very sexy way. I did not know if I was going to make it much longer. I held her closer to me so she could not move the full length of my dick. That made her move faster and she in turn rubbed her clit hard against my pubic bone. This was the best sex I had in my life and this was our first time at it!

I started rubbing her nipple hard as she ground into me and it made her even more aggressive, if that was possible. It was then that I wanted to take over and after she had her 3rd or 4th climax, I rolled us over and then had her on all fours, facing a window. If you were a seagull you could have watched some really good amateur porn from outside our window.

I pushed her head down and told her to not fall off the bed. I pushed into her now gushy cunt and pounded her for several minutes while I told her that she was going to be fucked a great deal while we were on this trip. She asked about sex after we returned and I said I had to decide. In reality, nothing could have made me not want her once we returned. I just needed her to think that she is not so good that we'd make it when we got back home.

I spanked her fine ass and she was caught off guard. Each 'smack' made her stiffen around my dick. I saw some extra cunt cream around my dick and I knew what had to be done.

I had a small dollop of cream on my thumb and I rubbed it into her anus, gently at first to gauge her willingness. I still would not do anything if there was strong resistance. She was on fire when she felt that initial contact from my thumb! She shouted some vulgar things about her anatomy and I was only too happy to tell her that her ass is now well-lubed and ready for a christening. I rarely have anal sex, but I will touch, lick and stick my tongue into a woman's #2 hole when the circumstances are right. This seemed like I was going too fast. Plus, I had a little fetish that I still needed to share with the good Doctor.

The fucking was starting to dry her up and I was soon going to lose my load or I would need a break, so I opted to flip her on her back and fuck her for all I was worth. About 2 minutes into the missionary position I knew I was about to blow so I told her that she was going to get to keep my cum in her womb until I wanted it back. She was too worked up to question the comment so I pushed my dick in as far as I could and I felt like I may have been right at her cervix. I did some micro movements to push in a bit more and when I felt the moment was unstoppable, I told her "I am cumming in your juicy pussy!"

She had another climax and I could really feel that as it followed my 3 or 4 blasts of cum. She was still in her zone when I started to push off her, but she pulled me back in and said nothing.

About 5 minutes later I got off her and looked down at my now soft dick (which was coated with our mixture) and I saw her pussy was bright red and had a white river of cum started to escape.

I went down between her legs and she tried to stop me for a moment. I told her that I was "going to get my cum back" and she gave in. I licked gently around the labia, avoiding her clit and after she was relaxed a bit more I plunged my tongue in and scooped up mini serving of this creamy mixture. I wanted her to see the stuff in my mouth so I sucked out a larger clump (not a great word but...) and headed north to show her that I was not just licking, but I was eating it. As soon as I was back at her wet cunt eating she put her hand on the back of my head. I knew she was enjoying the special treatment.

After I thought it was not dripping out, I had her straddle my head to see if there was any that needed a little gravity to drop out. Only a small amount was recovered.

We grabbed 2 water bottles and headed out to the balcony with no clothes on. I got a towel so she'd have some cushioning. I wanted to have some pillow talk about our first sexual encounter. She didn't say much at all at first. I was concerned because I am a big talker. I need to know you enjoyed what we did. After about 30 minutes, she said she was not very experienced and hoped that I would not think that meant she was a prude.

I dropped to my knees and gave her a very genuine hug as I told her: "You are the furthest thing from a prude and I hope you will let me get to know you sexually as well as personally on this fantastic vacation".

She said it was "the best vacation she has ever been on". 

And to think: We had only been at the resort a few hours at that point.