 The doctor sat at his desk, shoving the file of folders to one side to straighten the massive cherry desk that filled the room. It was almost 1:00 PM. The office closed from 1:00- 2:00 for lunch and he had rushed through his last patient. He could hear people milling around at the front desk as silence drifted down the hallway for the first time this morning. He closed his eyes and drew in a breath that filled his chest. She was coming.

He hadn't seen her in months and the promise of sexual pleasure made him throb. Thank God for lab coats, he thought. He had barely made it through his last patient and his constant cough. His hard-on pushed against the grey wool pants. He leaned back and ran his finger over the mass. He imagined her lips on his swollen cock, her wet tongue swirling over the hot skin. That was how they usually did it. With him sitting in his chair, her on her knees under or beside the desk. Just another day at the office. The lustful pleasure of forbidden delight paired with the titillation of doing it at work. Sucking his cock with the door shut, the urgency of the outside shut away and the bravado of defiance in the face of dirty pleasure. Suck it, suck it, he thought. Her mouth moving up and down the shaft. He squeezed his eyes tight. He could almost feel it.

The clip clop tapping of her heels down the hallway interrupted his thoughts. She was here. Glance at the clock. One hour. Maybe an hour and a half. Desk clean. He moved the mouse and looked at the screen. Nonchalance. 

"Hello," she said buoyantly, peeked her head in. Her body followed as she squeezed through the door. She was dressed in a black sweater with gold flecks that caught the light—just enough of a plunge that he could see her swollen breasts contained in what he knew was probably a black lace bra. Short black sweater skirt above the knees with expensive black hose. He knew they were thigh highs, maybe even gartered to a French corset underneath it all. Underwear? Probably not or if so, it was snap open. The thought of her pussy free and open underneath that skirt for his fingers thrilled him. He couldn't see the shoes over the desk but knew they were heels. She had nice legs, shapely long which the tilt of the heels made even more pronounced. Classy, sexy. If all of his patients dressed like this! She always looked hot, which made the brief lunchtime encounters like an oasis—a respite from the mundane to another place. 

She smiled and set the white paper bag and a small bag purse on the edge of the desk. "Chicken salad for you. For later," she teased. Without looking back, she pushed the door to and he heard a click with her finger. Locked. Safety. His groin twitched. With the first encounter, he had been in two mind frames—concentrating on her insistent sucking with his ears lingered on the sounds in the hall. What if someone tried the door? Would they knock? What would he say? He was a kid again, his eyes trained on the door while his hand desperately yanked on his adolescent cock, yearning for the wonderful release. It was HIS office, damn it. But there was something secretly shameful yet so fulfilling about this. Even today, after several times of these escapades, he was still filled with nervous anticipation. She came around the desk, leaned over, and covered his mouth greedily, pushing her tongue insistently into his mouth. Her fingers lightly trailed his hard-on. She twirled his office chair to the side and kneeling down on one knee, took both hands and unhooked his belt, playfully looking into his eyes. Normally, he just slid his penis through his underwear and unzipped his fly, enough to allow her access while still keeping his pants up enough that he could hastily zip himself back up if confronted by an unwanted visitor. She opened the button on his pants and slid her fingers under the band of his underwear, carefully lowering the cotton briefs over the jutting member. She lightly licked his dick down the shaft with the tip of her tongue. 

"We are going to try something different today," she instructed, one hand grabbing his shaft like a handle and standing. "Stand up." For a moment, he was disappointed. He liked their routine—him in his chair, her down below the desk. Nothing but the feeling of her lips on his hard cock. But he stood obediently, his cock wound in her hand. She pulled him lightly in front of the desk. "Over here," she pointed to the formal wingback chair which no one ever used that he had pushed in the corner. "Be a good boy, and take off your pants and shoes."

"I don't know," he said immediately, softly in a whisper with his face trained to the door. The feeling of standing in his office with his dick out gave him a rush but his practical side was ringing warning bells. The hall was quiet and he knew many of the nurses went out and the front staff sat in the breakroom. No one usually ever came back to his office; lunch time was sacred. Lust was overtaking him though and the sensual look on her face convinced him. "I have something special for you," she breathed huskily in his ear. He shucked off his wingtip shoes, kicking them neatly beside the chair. He slid out of his pants, leaving his belt and pockets hanging heavily and draped it over the side of the desk, the opening carefully on top should he have to grab them quickly. He slid his briefs down over his legs and laid those as well on top. The socks stay on, he thought. His button down shirt hung loosely, his member peeking up under the wrinkled edge. He sat down carefully in the chair, his hands casually resting on the padded arms. He looked at her in anticipation as she walked over to another chair to grab a cushion that he had placed there a few months ago for her to kneel on. She threw the pillow down between his feet and pushed his legs apart, lowering herself down between them.

He leaned over to slide his hands into the front of the sweater, feeling her warm breasts pushing tightly against the bra. His fingers slid into the cup, tightening around the bud of her nipple, pinching it hard. She moaned softly. He leaned back and let her fingers run up his chest to find his nipples. The tips circled around the soft flesh, flicking until a bud formed and then she leaned over and pushing his dress shirt up, fastened her mouth eagerly to the tight bud on the left, sucking hard, teasing it with her tongue, and then biting. "Mmmm," he groaned, and she moved over to the right. Electric volts shot down through his body into his erect shaft and he involuntarily slid his hand up and down, his cock hard as a brick and already glistening with pre-cum. The feeling of her lips, tongue, and teeth sucking and biting on his nipples sent him over the edge and he concentrated on the pleasure of her warm mouth with his eyes tightly closed.

She stopped and he opened his eyes momentarily. "Put your hands up here," she gestured to the side wings on the chair. He reached around and grabbed the jutting wings like handles, his arms loosely hanging. "Scoot forward a bit," she instructed, grabbing his hips and moving them to the center of the seat. He wiggled forward and she grabbed under his legs and one by one, lifted his legs so they hung over the arms of the chair. The result was that he was entirely spread open for her slow perusal, his stiff cock, balls, and asshole spread open. "Good boy," she breathed, running her hands over his cock to linger on his balls, slowly kneading. He could even feel her eyes taking him in, burning his skin with hot lust and he blushed at the openness of it. Her finger trailed teasingly over his groin, down and around his balls, stopping over his anus lightly. Just enough that he could feel the pressure. More tingles.

She reached back and drug her pocket book to the floor, fumbling with her free hand in the top of the bag. She withdrew a tube of lubricant, setting it down on the pillow, and then a black silicone plug, about the size of a large baby carrot, swollen in the middle. "For you," she said smiling, holding it up so he could see. "Ok," he breathed. She squeezed some lube over the tip of her middle finger, dotting just a dab on the outside of his tingling asshole, and then a spot more on the tip again. She moved her finger up against the opening, making slow circles around the pucker. "Do you like that?" she whispered. 

"Mmmm hum," he moaned. She was watching him intently as she worked, when suddenly she pushed hard through the opening, pushing her finger intently into him. She stopped for a moment to allow him to feel the fullness then began a slow wiggling, a mechanical gyration. He closed his eyes and concentrated on the feeling. She pushed up hard, locating the pea sized prostate and begin making a "come hither" movement with her finger bent, slow then hard and insistent. She spit deftly into her other hand, and rubbed the saliva up and down the base of his shaft. The two feelings-the slippery friction of her hand paired with the foreign feeling of her probing finger sent waves over him, and he caught his breath and watched her two hands moving in unison. "Suck me," he groaned coarsely, moving his hand to her mouth and gingerly grabbing her jaw while his thumb moved inside her hot mouth. She sucked on his thumb hard for a moment, then deftly slid his thumb out with her tongue, grabbing his wrist and placing it back up against the chair. "In a moment!" she chided.

She withdrew her finger slowly and then picked up the black plug, covering it with lube. As he watched intently, she positioned it up against his asshole and slowly pushed, up then out. Up then out. Fucking him languidly with the small black cock. When she was satisfied with her progress, she anchored it firmly up his ass, the base pressing heavily against his anus.

He reached down and ran his finger though her long hair grabbing her head to move it toward his trembling cock. "Suck me now," he commanded. 

"Bad boy," she said sharply, slapping his cock with her hand. She hit it a few times on the side, rapid taps that brought more blood to the surface making his cock pulse with the hard spanks of her hand. She grabbed his hand and placed it firmly back on the edge of the wing. "Do you know what happens to bad boys? They get tied up." She reached in the bag again and pulled out a length of red silken rope. She tied this quickly around the top of his balls bringing the end around the bottom dividing his testicles in half, making a harness that snugly pulled his balls up against the base of his cock, squeezing the balls outward. With one end of the rope, she wrapped it tightly up over the base of his dick and with the other, she tugged firmly yanking his ball sac like a leash. "Disobey me again, and I will turn you over that desk and spank your ass, do you understand me!" She grabbed his jaw with her hand and came up off her knees long enough to forcefully kiss him.

"Yes ma'am," he smiled with a wink, as she pulled away. Pulling on the rope, she sucked each ball, tenderly at first like a robin's egg then harder, sucking greedily, each ball swollen against the strain of the rope. She moved from each ball individually to taking them both in her mouth, running her tongue over the swollen sacs. Her left hand continued to pump his dick and she took a minute and spit sloppily in her hand, rubbing the wet up and down. Her mouth moved down past his balls to the hardness of his perineum, her tongue forcefully pushing against the hardness. She pushed his legs farther apart on the arms of the chair so his balls were stretched tight, his ass open. She pulled the plug back a moment to allow her tongue to lick over his asshole, dancing around the shaft of the black plug, before she shoved it in again. 

Now came the moment that he was anticipating. She grabbed his dick and swooped her mouth down the shaft. Swallowing him whole, sucking hard, then allowing the tip of her tongue to move in circles over the tip of his swollen penis. He closed his eyes and concentrated on the whirling, sucking motion of her hot mouth over his organ. She would rotate between masturbating him hard with her fingers while her tongue trailed forcefully down the front of his penis, long strokes that ended with her tongue dancing over the tender glands of his tip. Then long hard sucking with her mouth in a fucking motion up and down. With her right hand, she tugged on the rope holding his balls. Spitting on her finger, she tugged the black dildo out, covering it with more spit and with her left finger rubbing the wet liquid over the pucker of his asshole and perineum as she would push the black finger back in slowly. Her tongue would circle slowly around his cock, flitting over the edge of the tip to swirl down the base. Tease and suck. Tease then suck. He could feel himself building—slow strokes that sent white capped waves of electricity through his brain. Swells of pleasure coursing over his pulsing dick. If they were at home, he would try to stave off the moment, letting her take him in and out of nirvana, building slowly, then backing off in slow waves of ecstasy. But they had an hour for lunch.

So when she sucked again hard with rapid motion, her hand tugging on the rope, her finger pushing insistently up against his perineum, he allowed the surging friction to trigger the storm building in his brain, shooting down through his body into the very tip of his member. He could feel his balls tighten hard, ripples coursing through his shaft, pushing the cum out in hot spurts which she greedily sucked up, taking him past the edge, leaving him trembling and weak. As he came hard, she slowly pulled out the butt plug, leaving his rectum pulsing, empty, her fingers slowly rubbing the area. He had grabbed her head, his fingers tangled in her hair, pushing her mouth down on him. Now he allowed her to suck the last vestiges of passion from his body as the heat died. He opened his eyes. She rubbed his stomach and lower groin lovingly, her eyes taking in the hazy glow as he tried to regain focus on her face, his body, the room, the desk. She cradled his balls, slowly untying the rope, massaging the feeling back into the swollen glands.

With one hand still on his balls, she scooped up the dildo, rope, and lube, dumping them back into the bag. She lowered his trembling legs down over the arms, back onto the seat, rubbing his hips and thighs, her fingers lightly running down the inside of his legs from his balls downward then back again in a mesmerizing motion. Pushing the pillow aside, she stood up over him, pulling his face up to her lips. As she kissed him, he ran his hands up her skirt over the slick hose. His fingers found the snaps on her panties and twisting them with his finger opened them, his thumb moving slowly over the hot wetness of her vagina to trail the moisture over her hard clit. She moaned in his mouth. His finger slipped inside her, slowly fucking her while his thumb lingered on her outer nub. She leaned into his fingers, allowing him to finger fuck her while his other hand massaged her left breast through the bra. She was so wet, the motion was making sloppy sucking sounds and the sound echoed through the still quiet of the office until another sound stopped him. Someone walking down the hall to the room at the end. 

He glanced at the clock. Lunch was over. "Tonight," he promised.