 From February to May I work long hours and I don't like to have my dog stay penned up in the back yard all the time. A friend suggested hiring a dog walker. 

I contacted my vet and asked if they had someone they would feel comfortable referring. They recommended a young man, Jerry, and gave me his number. I called and discussed with him my plan to keep my dog happy and exercised. We decided to try it out. 

Since I work days and Jerry nights, we really did not have a chance to meet. As time went on Mae Li became a very happy dog and being well exercised did not have a lot of pent up energy, she is a very relaxed dog. 

In April I had to take a work related trip, scheduled to last just over a week, from Friday to the following Sunday. Since I did not want to board Mae Li, I asked Jerry if he would mind stopping by twice a day to take care and feed Mae Li.

He did not, so arrangements were made. I left a key for him to gain access to the house to feed and bring in mail. 

Well it turned out that I did not need to say the second weekend so I flew home early Friday. When I arrived home I went into my room unpacked, sorted my clothes, removed what I was wearing and headed in to take a hot shower.

Just as I entered the shower, Jerry entered the house to bring in the mail and to feed Mae Li.

He headed to the back yard to say hi to Mae Li and get her food bowl, leaving his dog in the backyard, he went back into the house. Hearing running water, he went to check it out to make sure the recent cold weather had not caused any pipes to burst. 

When he got to the back of the house he walked thru Denise's bedroom and was about to enter the bathroom when he realized that broken pipes had not caused the sound of running water, but there was someone taking a shower. Thru the frosted glass door he could make out the shape of a woman. She was applying shampoo to her hair. 

He watcher her as she rinsed the shampoo from her hair and as she washed her body. Though he could not see her clearly, he could make out the outline of her body. He started to rub his cock thru his sweat pants. 

He watched as she rinsed her body and turned the water off. She opened the shower door, stepped out and reached for a towel hanging on the rack. He had his first glimpse of the woman whose dog he watched, but had never met. 

From where he was watching he saw that she was a curvaceous woman with long brown hair and full breasts. 

Her tanned skin had a pink glow from the hot shower. He watched as the towel was used to dry the water from her breast. The cool air hitting her warm body caused her nipples to stand erect. 

Next she moved down drying the droplets of water for her stomach. Lifting a leg to the stool in the bathroom started to dry her leg. She reached for the lotion and applied it from her toes all the way up to her hip. She then continued the routine on her other leg, drying and applying lotion. She then combed her hair and brushed her teeth.

Jerry's hand was now inside his pants rubbing his swollen cock. He almost did not notice that she turned to hang up the towel. Before she turned back to the door Jerry fled to the living room.

When Jerry returned to the living room he noticed her purse, briefcase and keys lying on the kitchen counter. Wanting to make sure that she knew someone else was in the house with her, he called out "Denise, are you here? It's Jerry"

As Denise left the bathroom she heard her name being called. Startled at not expecting to hear someone, it took her a moment to realize who Jerry was.

She answered, "Be out in just a minute." She went to her dresser removing a fresh pair of panties and matching bra. She put them on, went to the closet and pulled on a dress and light sweater. 

When she entered the living room Jerry's cock started to become erect again and he was glad that he had chosen to sit at the kitchen counter to wait for her.

Her brown hair was still damp and hanging over her shoulders coming to rest atop her breasts. Her walk had a gentle sway. As she approached, he noticed that she had a warm inviting smile and green eyes that had a playful look to them. The scent of her caused his cock to twitch.

He stood up to shake her hand. As she reached across the counter to shake his hand. He had a great smile and blue eyes you could not help but notice.

"Hi Jerry, 'bout time we finally met, I really appreciate all you do for Mae Li, she has been a more relaxed dog since you have been caring for her"

"Hi, glad to finally meet you also. Not a problem," Looking towards the backyard where the two dogs were playing, he continued, "They get along great. They have a fun time playing together."

"Would you like something to drink?"

"Sure, do you have any tequila?

"No, but I have some wine coolers."

"That's great."

Denise walked to the refrigerator. She opened the door and pulled out two bottles, handing one to Jerry. He twisted off the top and handed it back to her. "Thanks" she said as she handed him the other bottle. He opened it and took a drink.

He watched her as she brought the bottle to her lips and placed them around the opening of the bottle. He thought of how it would feel if she were to place those lips on the head of his swollen cock.

"I did not think you would be home until Sunday"

"Things got done early, and I was able to get an earlier flight. So nice to be home. I am looking forward to sleeping in my own bed tonight." Jerry also had thoughts of her in bed, but they were not sleeping.

"Don't you have to work tonight?"

"No, I have the weekend off."

"How about some dinner, I am hungry, I hate eating airplane food, bland and bad." 

"That sound great, what is there around here?"

"There is a Chinese place around the corner that, here is the menu."

She called in the order. When she hung up she said it should be about 15 minutes. Jerry said he would go pick it up.

"If you don't mind," Jerry said, "I will feed both dogs, that way they won't go hungry"

"No problem, I'm sure you know where the food is located"

As he walked past her to the pantry, she got her first good look at him. Even in his sweat pants and t-shirt she could see that he was put together nicely. She thought she saw a slight bulge in his pants. 

While he fed the dogs, she set the table. Then he left to get dinner. When he returned she had also lit some candles and put on music. They chatted while eating.

After dinner they opened their fortune cookies. "You have to read it out loud." She said.

"Ok. 'Persistence is a great and necessary virtue', well that's kinda boring" he said.

"That is because you said it wrong, you are suppose to add 'in bed' to the end"

"'Persistence is a great and necessary virtue,,, in bed'. That gives it a whole new meaning."

She read hers "'One must be available, alert, active and adaptable... in bed.' Umm that sounds good."

She got up to clear the table. Jerry gathered his dishes and followed her to the kitchen. His cock started to stir again following in the wake of her scent.

Jerry's was so deep in thought while following her that he bumped into her when she stopped at the sink. "Sorry 'bout that." He said as he handed her his dishes. 

"No harm." She said as she looked down and saw the bulge in his pants. "If you would like another drink, help yourself, there's more in the frig."

He opened the door and pulled out two more bottles. Opening both he set hers on the counter and watched as she rinse and load the dishwasher. When she was done he handed her the bottle. 

"Do you want to stick around for a while or do you have to be going?"

"No," he said, "I can stay as long as you want, I have no plans."

They walked to the living room and sit on the couch. She sat to one side and pulled her legs up on the couch next to her. It is now or never, he thought to himself.

"It feels so good to be home. It is so much more comfortable being in your own place."

"I know what you mean" he reached over and started rubbing her feet.

"Ahh that feels good." She straightened out her legs, and he continued massaging her calves and knees. When he reached her thighs he shifted to sit closer to her. He pulled her toward him and put her legs on his lap and continued to rub her inner thighs. When he reached her panties he placed his had on her mound feeling the heat rise from her. He leaned down and kissed her. 

She responded by wrapping her arms around his neck. 

His fingers traced the outline of her lips through her panties, he could feel her wetness. He slid a finger inside her. She was so wet. He slid two fingers deep inside her. She responded raising her hips to him. He continued to slide his fingers in and out of her wetness. Caressing her clit with his thumb.

She slid her hands under his t-shirt and caressed his chest, playing with his nipples. She pulled off his t-shirt and tossed it aside and started kissing his neck and chest. Her hands covered his chest and followed his happy trail to the band of his sweat pants. She reached her hand inside and rubbed his erection.

He said "Don't you think it is about time we get 'cha outta this dress?" She sat up and raised her arms to remove the dress, it landed in a heap on the floor next to his shirt.

He looked her over laying there in her matching bra and panties. He caressed her breast playing with her nipple with one hand and started kissing and nibbling on the other. He reached behind her and unhooked her bra allowing him free access to her breasts. 

He moved so he was on top or her lying between her thighs. While he was kissing and sucking on a nipple his had traveled down to panties and slid inside and caressed her pussy.

"I want to feel all of you" she said, prompting him to stand up and remove his pants, releasing his swollen cock. She sat up and reached for it, leaning in she brought the head to her mouth and started to suck on it. Running her tongue along the rim and down the shaft. She glided it in and out of her mouth. "Umm that feel good" he said.

He had one hand at the back of her head and the other caressing her breast and playing with her nipple. She continued to take him deep in and out of her mouth. He started to buck his hips putting his cock deep to the back of her throat. Just shy of climaxing he stopped her and leaned down and removed her panties. 

He kneeled down between her knees and kissed his way up her inner thigh. When he reached her pussy he started licking her lips and darting his tongue inside her to taste her juices. She responded by grabbing his head and holding it tight to her pussy. He continued to fuck her with his tongue. When she said "Ahh, I going to cum" he pick up the tempo and sliding two fingers inside her, he started sucking on her clit. He slid in a finger from his other hand in her pussy to get it wet and started rubbing her bum. She started bucking against his face. He slowly slid a finger in her bum. As she started her climax he continued to slide his fingers in and out of both her pussy and bum. She climaxed hard. When she was finished he leaned up and kissed her allowing her to taste herself on his lips.

"I know where we will be more comfortable" she said as she stood and took him by the hand and headed for her bedroom. She laid on the bed on her back. He followed her and climbed between her legs. He took the head of his cock and rubbed it against her wetness, allowing the head to enter her slightly. She raised her hips to him. He entered a bit deeper and withdrew again, so only his head was inside. Then he plunged his full length into her. She wrapped her legs around his hips drawing him deeper into her.  

She was moaning with pleasure and her breathing was getting labored. He continued taking deep strokes in and out. He reached down and started rubbing her clit. She moaned deeper. He reached around and started rubbing her bum again. Matching the motion of his cock he slid the finger in and out of her bum. This action sent her over the edge and caused her climax to overtake her.

He continued the actions with both his cock and finger. When she finished he withdrew and had her get on all fours. He slid his cock back inside her pussy and with his hands on her hip drove himself deep inside her. He continued driving his cock into her until he was close to his climax. Again he with drew and rubbed his cock against her bum. Slowly he slid his wet cock inside her. He pulled her up to him so he could play with her breast and kiss her neck while he fucked her bum. 

As he neared his climax she leaned down and started rubbing her clit. As she climaxed again he let his climax finally take over him and pounded her bum depositing his cum deep inside her.

When they were done they collapsed to the bed. He held her to him and rolled them onto their side. He wrapped his arms around her. Saying to her "It was nice to finally get to know you."

"I agree." She said.