 Chapter 2 - The next day

The next day arrived and I couldn't help but reflect upon my doctor's appointment the day before. I wasn't sure if it was real or if I had just dreamt it all. I remembered that I was told to return today for more 'examinations', but I wasn't ever told a time and didn't make an appointment. I must have dreamt the whole thing. Rather than just show up and look like a complete fool, I decided I would call the receptionist and make up some story about calling in for my test results. Based on her reaction surely I would be able to tell if it was real or not.

I picked up the phone and dialed the doctor's office.

"Good Health Medical, may I help you?" asked the receptionist.

"Yes, this is Travis Zimmerman. I was just in for an appointment yesterday and Doctor Moss said I needed to call back in today for the results." I was lying, but the story sounded good to me.

"Oh Hi Travis. Let me pull your chart and look for you."

"Thank you."

A minute went by and the on hold music went silent. "Well I looked in your chart Travis and didn't see any results. Doctor Moss is with a patient, but I asked Katie about it."

This was it, I will find out for sure now one way or another I thought.

"Katie said that the results weren't in the chart, but that Doctor Moss had scheduled another appointment with you today." I heard some typing in the background. "Ah yes, here it is. We have you down for 11:30 this morning."

I looked at my watch, it was 9:30, so I had a little bit of time. "Thank you," I replied and hung up the phone. So, it DID happen. I was flush with excitement. I wasn't 100% sure if when I got there I would end up in a discussion about how it wasn't appropriate or if there would be more of the same. I showered and shaved and decided that I would wear boxer briefs today. It would hold me more secure and feel good with pressure. Time seemed to crawl by, but I resisted the urge to masturbate. I wanted to save all of my cum for any possibility of things to come.

The time arrived and I drove to the Doctor's office. I pulled up in front and checked myself in the mirror before exiting the car. I walked up to the building and entered the lobby.

The receptionist looked up from her desk with a smile and said, "Have a seat Travis. Someone will be right with you."

Did she wink at me? Nah, I was just having an overactive imagination. Surely no one else in the office would know about what happened.

I sat down in a chair and tried to stay calm. It seemed like it took forever, but Katie opened the door to the back and called my name. She smiled at me, but nothing out of the ordinary as I walked in.

"Good morning, Travis".

"Good morning," I replied.

Katie didn't do anything unusual, except she lead me towards the back of the building. I had never been back here before. We turned a corner and came to some stairs that lead down to the basement. The basement looked like it was finished and was very bright for a basement room. As I followed her down a short hallway, I could see offices on either side with the various doctor's names from the practice listed. We passed a conference room on the left and came to a closed door on the right. The door was marked private, but didn't have any other markings. Katie opened the door, and stepped to the side to usher me into the room.

I walked inside and was very surprised at what I saw! There on one wall was a large king sized bed and also a couch. There was a large screen TV with an entertainment center on another wall. Slowly turning around to take in the place I noticed a bar and in one corner was another door which looked like it might lead to a bathroom.

Katie stepped in behind me and shut the door. She wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed me passionately. We continued to kiss for a few minutes with our hands running over each other's bodies. She broke off the kiss and started walking for the door.

"The Doctor will be in shortly," she said. "Feel free to watch something if you'd like." She motioned toward the TV and then closed the door behind her.

I decided to explore the room a bit, and checked out the bathroom. It was huge! In one corner was a very large tiled shower. It looked like it had one of those rainfall showerheads installed. The other corner contained a large whirlpool tub. This place reminded me of one of those luxury hotel suites.

I made my way back to the main room and walked over to the entertainment center. I started looking through the movie selection available. There were lots of main stream movies, but then I noticed a lot of porn as well. Some of them even looked like they had hand written labels on them. I was just about to put one in the DVD player to see what might be on it when the door to the room opened up.

Doctor Moss walked into the room wearing dark brown slacks, a pink shirt that slipped over her head and her white lab coat. The coat was unbuttoned and being worn like a jacket. She was smiling as she closed the door and walked up to me. She followed in the footsteps of her nurse Katie and kissed me passionately on the lips. The kiss did not last long however when she pulled back.

"Oh Travis, it's very good to see you. I'm afraid that I am still tied up with other patients right now and it will be awhile before I can come see you. Do you have time to be able to wait? Lunch hour should be here soon."

I smiled, "Of course I will wait!"

Doctor Moss kissed me again and massaged my crotch. "Thank god you can! I can't wait to be able to have this cock again. In the meantime though, I don't want you to be bored so I have something to entertain you."

She smiled wickedly as she walked towards the door and opened it. "Jessica, can you step in here please?"

I watched in amazement as a young blonde woman walked into the room. She was wearing purple scrubs and a name badge that indicated she was a nursing student. She smiled pleasantly, although she looked a little nervous. I gazed at her figure, she was about 5'2 and had small yet firm looking breasts and had shoulder length hair. She was very petite and innocent looking.

"Travis, this is Jessica," said Doctor Moss, introducing us. "Jessica, this is Travis Zimmerman. He's been a patient here for many years and is one of our VIPs. Travis, Jessica is a student nurse with the local community college and is doing her training here with us. She's been here for a few months now and is fitting in nicely I think. Jessica, I am going to be awhile before I can meet with Mr. Zimmerman and I would like for you to stay here and help keep him entertained for me until I can return. Would you be able to do that?"

Jessica smiled sheepishly, "Yes Doctor. I can do that for you. Is there anything in particular you want me to get Mr. Zimmerman?"

"Nothing specific, just make sure he doesn't get bored or lonely down here," replied the doctor.

I was hesitant as to what I should do? Was this an innocent request to just keep me from being bored? Did Jessica know about Doctor Moss' recent meeting with me? Was I even the only one or was there something else going on? My mind raced to try to come up with a solution to the situation.

Doctor Moss looked at Jessica and said, "Jessica I know you were just working in the lab all morning and probably would like to freshen up a bit before relaxing with Travis. Why don't you use the bathroom in there and take a quick shower. There should be a fresh pair of scrubs in the linen closet with the towels."

Jessica's face brightened. "Thank you Doctor Moss. I won't be too long Mr. Zimmerman." With that, she quickly walked to the bathroom and closed the door. I could hear water turn on almost as soon as the door closed.

Doctor Moss, kissed me again. "I will hurry lover! Go ahead and relax and I will be back soon." With that, she exited the door and closed it behind her.

"Well now what?" I thought to myself. I guess that Jessica and I would be talking or watching a movie or something when she got done with her shower. I certainly didn't get a vibe from either her or Doctor Moss that it would be anything else. I bet Doctor Moss didn't want this getting around the office, especially with her husband working there. I walked over to the bar to make myself a drink.

I called out to Jessica through the closed door, "Jessica, I'm making myself a drink, would you like me to make you something?"

"Oh yes please. That would be wonderful. I've been told that there is some wine in the bar. Would you pour me a glass of white wine? My shift is over so I'm sure that having a glass wouldn't be inappropriate. I don't have class tonight."

"Sure thing," I called back. I looked under the bar and found a small wine fridge. Inside there were several bottles of wine, so I chose a white one that had been opened already and poured two glasses.

From the bathroom I heard the water turn off, so I expected that Jessica would emerge for her glass soon enough. I left hers on the bar and took mine to the couch to make myself comfortable. A second later, Jessica called out from the bathroom.

"Mr. Zimmerman, I am almost ready, would you mind bringing me that glass of wine? Don't worry, it's OK to open the door."

"I can do that," I responded. I got back up and picked up the glass of wine from the bar. "She must be doing something to her hair," I thought. I made my way to the door and knocked gently.

"Come in."

I opened the door and it was all I could do to not drop the two glasses of wine I was carrying. There, in the middle of the big whirlpool bathtub I had seen earlier sat Jessica. The water sound I had heard must have been her filling the tub with water. Her hair was up in a pony tail and she smiled mischievously as she played with the bubbles that engulfed the tub. The bubbles barely covered her nipples as they peaked out of the water. My cock instantly stiffened and began to strain against my jeans.

"Doctor Moss told me to keep you entertained, and well, I need someone to wash my back! Do you think you can help me with that Mr. Zimmerman?"

I closed the bathroom door behind me and downed my glass of wine as I walked towards her. "I believe I can be of some assistance with that request."

"Oh I was hoping you could. You might want to take your clothes off though, we wouldn't want them to get all wet." Jessica moved towards the edge of the tub and reached for my belt. She quickly undid the buckle and started to unzip my pants. She slipped the pants over my hips to reveal the big bulge in my boxer briefs.

"Well now, what have we here?" she said. She grabbed the waistband of my underwear and slid them down to my ankles. My hard cock popped out into the open, pointing straight to the sky. "Forget washing my back!" she exclaimed.

Jessica wrapped her small hand around the shaft of my dick and quickly sucked the tip of my cock into her mouth. Her mouth was very hot and wet as she slid my cock deeper and deeper. She kept going, very slowly until I could feel the tip of my cock touch the back of her throat.

"Holy crap that feels good!"

She sucked hard as she slid her mouth off of my cock just as slowly as she slid it onto it. She moved up until my cockhead was barely between her lips before she descended making sure to grasp my cock as tight as possible. She deepthroated my member as far as her throat could take it and started to move up again. She began to pick up her pace, going faster and faster. She never loosened her grip with her lips. She sucked so hard I was certain that she was trying to suck my balls up through my dick like a straw.

I held onto the top of her head, more for balance than guiding her as she most definitely knew what she was doing.

"You are a natural born cocksucker!" I said.

She didn't stop to respond as she continued to pay attention to my now throbbing dick. Her tongue swirled around the shaft as your cheeks squeezed tightly. I was amazed that she didn't choke with as far as she took my cock into her mouth. She kept sucking for several more minutes and suddenly pulled off.

"Hmmm...you taste good," she said. "I want you to suck my pussy now though."

I stepped out of my pants and pulled my shirt off over my head, dropping it to the floor beside the tub. I climbed into the tub as she sat on the side. Jessica swung her legs into the tub and scooted her ass forward so that she was barely on the edge. I lowered myself into the water until my face was eye level with her pussy. She was completely shaven, with her swollen pussy lips quivering in front of me. Her clit popped out nicely, begging to be licked. I lowered my face, sticking my tongue out and letting the tip just barely brush the edge of her clit.

"Oooo," she cooed. "Don't tease me, eat that cunt!"

I didn't need a second invitation. I clamped my mouth down hard on her pussy, sucking her clit into my mouth as hard as I could. I flicked my tongue across her clit as I sucked, coating my face in her pussy juices. Jessica ground her hips in a circular motion to get more pressure applied from my mouth to her pussy.

"God damn you know how to eat pussy!" she exclaimed. She grabbed my head and pulled my head into her tighter. Her breathing and moaning increased as I continued to run my tongue up and down her clit, stopping to suck it into my mouth. "Oh that's it...just like that!" I increased my speed and she increased her vocal appreciation by grunting. "Oh shit I'm going to cum!! Are you ready for me to squirt my cunt juices into your mouth baby?"

"Mhmm," I moaned in approval. She grabbed my hair and pulled my head back with surprising force so that my face was a few inches from her quivering pussy lips. I looked closely at her wide open hole just as she screamed and her pussy started squirting hot wet juices into my waiting mouth!"

"Oh fuck yes!!", she yelled. Her entire body shook as it was racked by her orgasm. She held tight to my hair holding me steady in place until she stopped squirting. "Damn that was good, but I hope you aren't done yet. My pussy needs that hard cock of yours inside it."

I started to stand up to position my cock against her pussy opening. As I stood, Jessica wrapped her arms around my neck and legs around my waist so that when I stood up I was picking her up with me. She lowered herself onto my cock as I started to pump up into her.

"God yes!", she yelled. "Fuck me!" I stood there with this gorgeous young intern holding onto my neck as I did my best to drive my dick into her wet opening. It took a lot of concentration for me to not fall into the tub. "Take me to the bed Mr. Zimmerman so I can ride this thick dick properly."

Without lifting her off me, I started walking towards the bathroom door and opened it to walk back into the main room. As we entered the main room, I looked over to the bed and was pleasantly surprised to see Dr. Moss, naked on the bed. Her legs were spread wide open and she was feverishly working her clit with her nimble fingers.

"I see you did as I asked, Jessica. Isn't his cock amazing?"

"Oh God yes Doctor. I want to ride him until I can't anymore!" We continued towards the bed where I sat down, Jessica still impaled on my raging hard on. She pushed me down onto my back and placed her hands on my chest. We scooted back so my legs were completely on the bed and then she changed from a kneeling position to sitting on me with her feet on either side of my body. She began to bounce up and down like a wild woman, taking my cock so it was just having the tip inside her and slamming back down on me with such force that if she slipped one way it just my break me in half! The sound of her moaning and her ass cheeks slapping against me so vigorously was truly intoxicating. Dr. Moss was laying beside me, still rubbing her clit, staring hungrily at my cock glistening with Jessica's pussy juices.

"Damn this feels so good!," I exclaimed. "I'm not going to be able to hold out much longer.

"Then don't hold back," Jessica stated. "Fill me up with your hot cum!"

That was all it took. I grasped her hips and held her down on me as my cock erupted inside her.

"That looks so sexy!" Dr. Moss said. "Come over here Jessica. I want to suck his cum out of you." With that Jessica rolled off of me and onto her back. Dr. Moss straddled her face with her own pussy, grinding into Jessica's waiting mouth. She leaned forward and proceeded to suck on Jessica's pussy. I watched in amazement as the two of them locked into their steamy 69 position, each one appearing to try to outdo the other with their skilled tongue work.

Suddenly Jessica removed her mouth from Dr. Moss's cunt and let out a scream. "Oh GOD!!" Her entire body shuddered violently as her orgasm hit her. Dr. Moss moved off of her, swinging her legs around and climbing over me, laying down on my right side. I placed my arm under her neck and leaned in for a kiss. I could taste my cum and Jessica's pussy as we kissed. Jessica cuddled in next to me on the other side, contently watching the good doctor and I making out in front of her.

Dr. Moss broke off the kiss and whispered into my ear, "That was wonderful to watch. I'm so glad you were able to come back today."

"Me too," I replied and gently kissed her.

The three of us lay basking in the afterglow of our shared experience, when the door to the room opened up. I looked up to see Dr. Moss' husband, Dr. Weaver entering the room. My heart skipped a beat momentarily until I noticed a smile come across his face.

"Well now, what have we here?" Dr. Weaver asked.

"Hello My Love," Dr. Moss replied. "Jessica and I were just spending some quality time with Travis here." She rose from the bed and crossed the room to her husband and kissed him passionately. "You don't mind do you?"

"Not at all," he replied. "Mind if I join you?"

Dr. Moss turned towards me, "Do you mind?"

I looked towards everyone in the room as my cock started to stir again. "Not at all," I replied. I was definitely glad I came back to the doctor today.