 Chapter 1 - The Doctor's Appointment.



My name is Travis. I am 35 years old and had been needing to go in for a physical for some time now, so I made an appointment with my doctor. My doctor is a woman who is about 10 years older than me. She's been my doctor for years and I hadn't ever had any issues with her. She had a practice with several other doctors, one of whom was her husband who I had seen once or twice when she wasn't available.

 The morning of my appointment came and I got ready to go. I showered and put on jeans and a button up shirt. I knew that I would have to take my shirt off for the exam and figured it was easier this way.

 I pulled out of the garage and made my way to the doctor's office. Upon arriving I entered the building and checked-in at the reception desk. They told me to take a seat and wait for my name to be called. I sat down in one of the corners and noticed a very attractive woman on the other side of the waiting room. She had a low cut top on that was showing quite a bit of cleavage. I started to get aroused and couldn't help but stare at her chest, hoping to get a glimpse of her nipples through her top. Just as I started to get a tad bit uncomfortable in my chair, my Doctor's longtime nurse Katie called my name.

 "Travis".

 I got up and started to walk towards the door. My dick was hard and starting to make a nice tent in my jeans. I thought to myself, "I sure hope that this isn't too noticable".

 I did the usual check-in procedures with blood-pressure, weight and tempurature checks and was shown back to the exam room to wait. I couldn't get the image of the woman in the lobby out of my mind and needless to say I was VERY horny by now. I knew I would have a few minutes before the doctor arrived, so I just started to casually rub my crotch on top of my jeans. It felt good feeling pressure against my cock. I was getting more and more aroused when I figured out that the doctor would be arriving soon and might not appreciate my ragin hard on. I knew if I stopped and started concentrating on something else that my cock would deflate in time for my examination. Just then there was a knock at the door and in walked Doctor Moss. She was dressed in tan slacks and a button up blouse that unfortunately for me seemed a bit tight today and had one of her buttons straining to maintain her chest. I knew I was going to be in trouble and hoped that the rest of the exam took a few minutes longer before we got to areas below the belt.

 "Good morning, Travis," she said as she smiled and came into the room. I saw that she glanced up and down my body when she entered. Was I imagining something or did her smile grow even more as her gaze fell across the bulge in my pants? Surely I was just horny and imagining things!

 "Good morning, Doctor Moss," I replied. "How are you today?"

 "I'm fine thank you. So what are we seeing you for today?"

 "Just a yearly physical."

 "I see. Well, it's been awhile hasn't it?" she asks as she glanced at my chart. "Why don't you take off your shirt and let me listen to your breathing." She turned towards me and put her stethoscope into her ears. I unbuttoned my shirt, slipped it off and placed it on the exam table behind me. She came up beside me and placed her left hand on my chest and her right hand with the stethoscope on my back. "Breath in...and let it out." Her hands moved around my chest and back, letting her listen in different areas. Suddenly, her left thumb brushed against my nipple and a quick tinge of excitement rushed to my crotch. I let out a slight gasp.

 "OK," she stated. "Stand up and undo your pants for me so we can take a look."

 "Oh no!" I thought to myself. My cock was hard as a rock and I know I wouldn't be able to hide it. I hope she wouldn't be offended. She was a great doctor and I didn't want to have to change. How on earth was I going to explain this? I slowly stood up and undid my pants, but I left them pulled up. Maybe there was some way I could hide this.

 She sat down on her stool and rolled it in front of me, placing her face right in front of my crotch!! I could feel myself starting to blush as I knew there would be no way to hide this now. She grabbed hold of my waistband and pulled my pants down over my hips. Almost immediately my boxers couldn't contain my cock and it popped out right in front of her face.

 "Whoops!" she said.

 "Doctor Moss, I am SO sorry. Please forgive me. I've just been aroused this morning and couldn't get it to stop."

 She chuckled. "It's Ok. It's perfectly natural and happens more than you might think. They prepare us for this type of thing in med school." She then pulled my boxers down, making my cock bounce again. By this time, there was a small bit of precum on the tip from when I was rubbing myself before the doctor came in. She took her finger and wiped off the precum before it would fall off and slipped her finger into her mouth.

 "Holy shit!" I thought. "Did she really just do that?!"

 "Ok, time to check for hernias." She put on a latex glove and cupped my balls. "Turn your head to the left and cough."  I coughed and she shifted her hand a little bit. "Again." I repeated the process and she started to gently rub my balls. This was not helping my erection at all. "Alright, now turn around and lean over the exam table. I will need you to spread your legs about shoulder width apart."

 I knew what was coming next, or at least I thought I did. I turned around and bent over. My ass was at eye level of Doctor Moss and my cock was trapped against the exam table. The pressure felt really good as it throbbed. She took a little bit of lube and coated her index finger.

 "You might feel a little bit of pressure." She slowly slid her finger into my ass, and started to move it around slightly.

 "Mmmmm." I moaned. I couldn't stop myself!

 "Oh, that must be uncomfortable in your condition. Here, take a few steps back."

 I stepped back until my cock had gone over the edge of the table. She kept her finger inside of me, slowly moving it around and then started to move it in and out very slowly. Up to this point I thought I was still being examined. Now I wasn't so sure.

 "Is that better?" she asked.

 "I guess," I managed to choke out. I could barely speak. The feeling was too good. Suddenly I felt her hot wet tongue caress the shaft of my cock as she ran the tip of her tongue from my balls up to the tip. I could feel my precum stick to her tongue.

 "How bout now?" she purred.

 "Oh my god yes."

 "I thought you might say that. If you thought that was good, you'll really like this!" She grabbed my hips and turned me to face her. Holding tightly onto my hips she sucked my cock deep inside of her. She continued to suck, moving her lips over my cock, moving up and down. I stood there in shock as her mouth enveloped my shaft. Her tongue tickled the slit in my cock tip as her lips caressed the shaft. The feeling was surreal! Here I was at my doctor's office, my pants down around my ankles with my doctor giving me a blowjob! Soon enough the shock of the situation began to wear off as I gave in to the sensations I was feeling between my legs. I wasn't exactly sure how far Doctor Moss would let this go. Was she just wanting to have a little fun with me or was she wanting something in return? I took a chance and I reached down and started to rub her tits on top of her blouse.

 "Mmmmmmm," she moaned.

 "You don't mind do you?" I asked her. She never removed her mouth from my dick and shook her head no. I slowly started unbuttoning her blouse, and reached my hands inside. I ran my hands over her lacey bra and her nipples grew hard as I started to pinch them. Her attention with her mouth increased as she got more and more aroused by my hands.

 Suddenly, there was a quick knock on the door and it opened and in walked Katie, Doctor Moss' nurse. I instantly froze.

 "I...uhh..." I stammered. Here was Doctor Moss with my cock in her mouth and me feeling up her tits.

 "I'm sorry Doctor," stated Katie. Doctor Moss didn't even break a stroke as she continued to slurp on my dick. Katie backed out of the room and closed the door behind her.

 "Doctor Moss! What are we going to do about Katie?" I asked.

 She broke off her cocksucking. "I don't know about you but I'm going to get more of this hard cock!" She shrugged off her blouse and quickly unhooked her bra letting her titties spill free, then she started sucking in earnest again. She took one finger and inserted it back in my ass and took her other hand and started massaging my balls. I couldn't even think straight this felt so good. I knew we were going to get in trouble but I didn't care. I went back to massaging her now free breasts.

 This kept up for a few minutes when I heard the doorknob again. "This is it." I thought. "I'm sure this is her husband and I'm about to get my ass kicked." The door swung open and Katie stepped in again and quickly shut the door behind her.

 "I put out the special appointment sign for you Doctor," stated Katie. I could see the lust her her eyes as she watched Doctor Moss suck my dick. "I brought your examination bag with me as well. Is there anything else you need me to do?" Katie placed a small black medical bag on the counter and leaned back against the wall casually.

 Doctor Moss again lifted her mouth off my cock and looked at Katie with a lustful grin. "No thank you, Katie. That will be fine."

 "OK," replied Katie.

 I didn't know what to do. Should I try to get dressed and leave? Was Katie just going to leave and Doctor Moss and I could play some more? It didn't take long before I found out though. Doctor Moss got off of her stool and stood in front of me. She leaned in and kissed me passionately on the mouth. We embraced and continued to explore each other's mouths with our tongues and she gently stroked my manhood with her hand. I went back to playing with her breasts. They were just more than a handfull and were surpisingly perky for a woman of her age. When she moved, they gave a nice little jiggle and her nipples were large and pink and jutted out at my touch. Katie started to rub her chest over her scrubs as she watched us. I decided to continue with what we were doing as I didn't think I could get into any more trouble than I was already. I started to trail kisses down her neck towards her chest. I let my tongue explore her right nipple, just flicking the tip of my tongue across her. Doctor Moss removed my mouth from her nipple and sat back down on the stool between my legs. Meanwhile, Katie had started rubbing her crotch over her pants with one hand while still playing with her boob with the other. Doctor Moss took my cock in one of her hands and started sucking me off again. She started rub my ass cheek with her free hand. Katie moved towards the exam table, still fully clothed. She leaned in towards me and kissed me on the lips. Softly at first, but then with more passion as she let her tongue start to explore my parted lips.

  She broke off the kiss after a few minutes and took her middle finger and offered it to my mouth. "Get it nice and wet, Travis."

 I sucked her finger into my mouth without breaking eye contact. She smiled and backed away all the way back to the wall. She leaned back and took her hand that I had just wettened the finger of and put it inside the waistband of her scrubs. She closed her eyes as I watched her start to rub her clit inside her pants. Doctor Moss kept sucking my dick and Katie opened her eyes. We locked gazes as I could see she started breathing faster and faster. She began to moan and let slip, "Ooohhhhhh yeeeessss." With that she had reached her orgasm and her body began to spasm.

 Doctor Moss stopped her oral exercises on my dick and looked at Katie grinning. "Was that a good cum, Katie? I bet you got off watching me suck this nice hard cock."

 "Oh yes I did. It's so hot to see you working on him. It is so hard not to join in!" answered Katie.

 Doctor Moss looked at me and asked, "You don't mind helping Katie out with her problem do you?"

 "Not at all!"

 "Travis, lay down on the exam table," said Doctor Moss. I smiled and complied. "Katie, while I continue sucking this beautiful dick, why don't you let Travis eat that wet pussy of yours?"

 "Yes Doctor I would love to do that." Katie started moving towards the table and in one quick motion slid out of her scrub pants and panties. She climbed onto the table facing Doctor Moss and lowered her pussy onto my mouth. "Suck my pussy, Travis!" 

 I followed my orders and started running my tongue over her clit. She gasped in pleasure as my tongue met her clit. I could feel her pussy juices from her orgasm starting to coat my face. She tasted warm and sweet.

 "Doctor he's doing great!" whispered Katie.

 Doctor Moss reached over and helped Katie to lift off her shirt. Katie reached around and unhooked her bra. She started grinding her pussy into my face with earnest, coating it in her slick pussy juices. Doctor Moss stood up and took off her slacks and panties and went back to sucking on my cock.

 "That's it! Suck his cock good Doctor!" said Katie. The three of us continued on like this for what seemed like forever. I'd never felt so good. The sensations on my dick were so intense that I had to concentrate hard on licking Katie's cunt. I couldn't believe this was happening to me. I thought for sure I would wake up from a dream any minute. How could these two middle aged women be so damn hot?

 Doctor Moss came up for air, but continued to stroke my erection. She was breathing very heavy and smiling. "Ok, all of this is cocksucking is making me very hot. My pussy needs some attention."

 "Oh Doctor, I'm sorry. Travis has been eating my cunt so well that I haven't been paying much attention to anything else." Katie leaned farther back as Doctor Moss climbed onto the table. She straddled my cock as Katie reached down to guide me into Doctor Moss' sopping wet cunt. She lowered herself slowly inch by inch until I was buried completely in her pussy. She began to rock back and forth, rubbing her engorged clit against the base of my cock. I could feel her pussy muscles tightening around me. I couldn't see much with Katie's pussy in my face, but I could tell that Katie had leaned in and was sucking on Doctor Moss' nipple. Doctor Moss had started moving up and down a little more than just rocking and had also started to rub Katie's titties. I was in heaven.

 Doctor Moss stopped moving and said, "Travis, you've been letting us do all the work. I think it's high time you started doing a little bit more!"

 "I agree Doctor, and I have the perfect way to do that," stated Katie. She lifted herself off of my face and climbed off the table. Doctor Moss followed as well and I slowly sat up. Katie went to the exam bag and pulled out a strap-on dildo and started to attach it to her hips.

 "Oh excellent idea Katie!", said Doctor Moss. "Are you going to use that on me?"

 "That's exactly what I am going to do Doctor."

 Doctor Moss faced the exam table and bent over with her ass wiggling at the two of us. Katie finished hooking up her toy and then stood behind the doctor. She took ahold of her hips and slowly slid the dildo into the doctor's pussy. I stood there for a minute just watching the two of them. Katie started slowly at first but then started to bang into Doctor Moss' pussy harder and faster. I could hear her ass smacking against Katie's stomach. With each stroke, Doctor Moss grunted in delight.

 Katie was starting to breath heavier, but managed to say, "What are you waiting for Travis? Get your cock in me now!!"

 I positioned myself behind her as she continued to pound into Doctor Moss' cunt. I grabbed her hips and tried to guide my cock into her cunt.

 Katie reached around behind her and grabbed my cock. I thought she was going to help guide me in, but she moved it slightly upwards. "My ass! Fuck my ass with that hard cock!!"

 I didn't waste any time in compling with her wishes. I placed the head of my cock against her asshole and started to slowly push in.

 "Don't be so gentle! Shove your cock in that ass!!" Doctor Moss ordered. I shoved hard and it popped right in.

 "Oh my god!" shouted Katie. "That's it, fill my ass!" I started to grunt as I slammed my cock against Katie's ass. My balls slapped against her pussy and with each stroke in it shoved her strap-on into Doctor Moss' cunt.

 "Oh god, oh god, oh god!!" Doctor Moss was saying over and over again.

 "Fuuuuuuuuck meeeeeeeeee!!!!!!" grunted Katie.

 "Shit I am going to cum! I can't take much more of this." I blurted out.

 "NO!! Not yet," ordered Doctor Moss. I pulled out of Katie's ass to try to releave my pressure and not cum immediately. Katie stopped fucking Doctor Moss. Doctor Moss spun around and laid on her back on the exam table.

 "OK Travis, empty that huge load of cum into my cunt. Katie can't WAIT to suck it out!" Doctor Moss told me.

 I grabbed Doctor Moss' ankles in each hand and held them out wide, spreading her pussy wide. I shoved my dick into her red wet pussy and started pumping her pussy for all I was worth. Katie took off the strap-on and climbed onto Doctor Moss' face. She lowered herself on her tongue and Doctor Moss started sucking and licking her pussy. That was all it took and I shot my load deep into Doctor Moss' pussy.

 "Oh Fuck Yes!!!" shouted Doctor Moss.

 I pulled out of Doctor Moss and Katie immediately dove face first into Doctor Moss' pussy. She sucked long and hard, getting as much of my jizz out of her boss' pussy as she could while her own cunt was reamed by the doctor. Satisfied that she had it all she sat up and climbed off the doctor. I couldn't tell if she had swallowed my cum or not as she kept her mouth closed. She leaned in to Doctor Moss and she and Doctor Moss exchanged my cum with a passionate french kiss.

 "I can't believe that happened," I said in disbelief.

 Doctor Moss smiled. "You better believe it. It will not be the last time either. I'm ordering that you have to come back for another examination tomorrow."

 Katie grinned wickedly. "Doctor's orders."

 "Yes M'am. I will be back tomorrow." The three of us kissed and caressed each other for a few more minutes while getting dressed. We exited the room and I headed on my way. I couldn't help but wonder what tomorrow would bring.