 Alexa lay back against John on the bed, so they were both looking up at the ceiling. She "accidentally" rubbed one of her nipples through her shirt and it made it stand up, and she whimpered with pleasure just loudly enough so that John could hear. John kissed her on the neck, on that magic spot where the shoulder and neck met. Alexa let her head roll to the right, to give John better access and to encourage him. He continued kissing and nuzzling her neck, and he slowly slid his hands down to the bottom of her shirt, easing it off of her flat stomach and she sat up slightly to make it easier to slide it off her. He tossed it onto the end of the bed. Then they both lay back down, and John tweaked and lightly pinched her nipples, and he began to caress them, and he stopped kissing her neck and moved up to her cheek. She turned her head and they kissed deeply, and John's hands moved to her jeans. He placed his hands on her hips, and, still kissing, slowly slid them to her feet. She kicked them off, and John ran his hands back up to her hips, not touching her skin but instead hovering his hands about half a millimetre above her skin, and she felt as though a mild electric tingle was moving up her legs. 

He slipped his index fingers under the straps of her black lace panties, and slid them down to her ankles, revealing her sopping wet pussy. He ran his fingers teasingly around her inner thighs and her labium and clit seemed to swell even more, and she was starting to leave a trail of wetness down from her pussy. He lightly pinched and rubbed along her inner thighs and moved slowly up to her pussy, only to go back down again. She made a frustrated moan in his mouth, and bucked her hips impatiently, non-verbally begging him to fuck her. He moved his left index finger to her swollen clit and tapped it lightly. Alexa shivered and bucked her hips, this time involuntarily. With his other index finger he ran slow circles around her labium, at the same time, lubricating his finger. He pressed down with his left index finger, which was on her clit and slid his finger into her pussy, all in one fluid motion. 

Alexa cried out in delight, more of her juice coming up from her pussy. John kept slowly circling into her pussy, and rubbing her clit with his lubed hand. Alexa gasped very slightly each time his finger circled. Then John changed the motion with the finger that was in her pussy, so that he was scraping along the top wall of her pussy, and eventually he went low enough and felt the nub of her g-spot. He began to massage it and Alexa broke their kiss for a moment to scream with pleasure. He continued his motions, and she began to squirm with ecstasy. " Ohhhh ... PLEASE don't stop!! " she moaned . John continued the motion, rubbing slightly harder and harder. 

After about 5 more minutes of this, Alexa bucked her hips violently, and crying " yes! yes!" as orgasm rocked through her , and she lay back down on him shaking and shivering, and he held her. Then she lay still, and suddenly whirled around, showering him with kisses, and hugging him tightly. She snuggled up to him and made a sort of purring sound in his ear, her pussy making a large wet spot on his shirt, but to John, he felt as though both Alexa and Alexa's pussy were thanking him. John hugged her to him , and she rested her head between his shoulder and arm, and closed her eyes. Soon she was breathing deeply and he could tell she was sleeping, and she had an expression of utter bliss plastered across her face. She looked like a sleeping angel , and not in the way "oh your baby looks like a little angel", where people just said it as a shallow compliment. John smiled and felt as though her happiness was spread to him, and he pulled the blanket up and over them, stopping before their heads and the last thing he saw was he blissful expression before he fell asleep.