 I would like to sincerely thank IanSaulWhitcomb for editing this story for me.

*****

"Come on in," I yelled as my studio door gave that last creak it always gives rolling open. Then I dropped the door remote and used another one to turn down the Iggy Pop blasting through the studio. I didn't bother standing up from my worktable - it was a critical moment with the severed arm that had been giving me fits all morning. 

The morning sun winked at me through the roll-up door, and I glanced over just long enough to see a tall, thin silhouette eclipsing it. It was him, with what looked like a travel bag balanced on one shoulder - an unusually long, stiff travel bag. "Anywhere I can set this down?" 

I nodded at the other table. "I cleared that one over there for you. Hey, give me a minute, I'm just finishing something up." 

"I'm at your mercy." 

He really was. This guy had been emailing me for weeks, wanting to know if I could help him with a project that was outside my 'normal' scope of work. I don't usually do repairs; my business is making bodies intended for destruction. I'm a practical effects artist, specialized in realistic body parts for the movie industry. The arm in front of me, for example, needed to be smashed in a car door. But this director didn't just want a severed limb to be flashed on screen and glossed over with camera tricks. He wanted a close-up: the arm being smashed, the skin bulging and splitting before the audience hears the bone snap. 

"Does anyone ever tell you that you look like - " 

"Sarah Connor, Terminator Two? Only once or twice a day. It's the ponytail and tank top." I stayed focused on the tubular plastic artery I was finessing into the flesh of the silicone arm. 

"Hmmm, yes, well...I was thinking arms and lips." 

I paused and tried to suppress a grin, silently thanking Todd for showing me how to tone my arms without building up bulk. That had been one benefit of dating a personal trainer, the only other being mind-blowing sex that kept foiling my resolve to break up with that ass-wipe and stay away. Sex is kind of a weakness of mine, but this time it had been 72 days since I caved and gave in to Todd. 

"Lisa," I said, standing and wiping my hand on paint-splattered khakis. "But you knew that." 

"Yes. And you know I'm Darren," he answered, taking my outstretched hand to shake it. He was younger than I imagined, in his late twenties, which made him about a decade younger than me. "Would I recognize any of your work?" He asked, making a visual sweep of my studio. 

"Did you see 'Slither'?" 

He looked at me blankly, shaking his head. Probably not his genre. He looks more like a sci-fi guy than a horror guy. 

"It was uncredited apprentice stuff, but I kind of learned my chops on that one. 'Lawn Zombies' was my first big break." I get tired of namedropping about my work and was much more curious about what was in the bag. "Mind if I have a look?" I asked, stepping toward the table. 

"Um, no, no, let me do that." He stepped between me and the bag, "And uh, Lisa? I don't mean to be rude, but could you wash your hands first? I take really special care of Claire." 

Yeah, by fucking her so hard you break her back? I thought to myself, but I backed away and said, "Okay, sure." 

"I'm sorry, it's just that...well, she was really expensive and...like I said in the email, I need to get another year out of her, at least." 

"How much was she?" 

"Base price, four grand. But that was without any of the upgrades. I put almost five thousand into her all together." 

I approached the table again, drying my hands with a towel, and could see that he had the bag unzipped. But it was actually him I was studying. I had seen a documentary about men who had sex dolls, and it was pretty obvious to see why the guys in the video needed one. Most of them looked like they couldn't land a real chick if they wanted too, but Darren wasn't half bad. Definitely skinny and super nerdy, but he wasn't bad. 

"It was my graduation present to myself," he explained. "An investment, so I could focus on school." 

"Yeah?" 

Darren didn't seem to need much prompting to spill the beans. A talker. A talker with a story to tell. "Yes, well, I had a tough time in my undergrad studies. Not with school, but with girlfriend drama. Between the kick of falling in love, the hot and cold of the relationships, then the horrific breakups...I had to drop classes twice, and it really messed me up. Relationships are distracting. So I made a commitment to not date at all until I finish my PhD." 

"Why not just find a fuck-buddy? No commitment." 

Darren shrugged. "I'm not very good at that. If I like the sex, I tend to fall in love." 

"Yeah, that's a problem. Well, I admire your fortitude, Darren." 

I hoped he didn't think I was mocking him. I actually understood how distracting sex could be and wished I had his level of commitment. Besides, I own a few sex toys myself. Granted they all cost under a hundred bucks and easily fit in my purse. But what would it be like to have that sex toy attached to a body? To feel the weight on top of me, to have something to wrap my legs around. Uh-oh, getting off-track here. I put my focus back on the task at hand. 

He had the bag unzipped, and I could see his life-sized doll. "Would you help me lift her out? I can usually do it myself, but with her broken back, I want to be careful." 

"How much does she weigh?" 

"Sixty-five pounds." 

"Huh, not very life-like," I argued. "I weigh almost twice that." 

"Yeah, but it's dead weight, you'll see. Plus, Claire is only five foot. You're a little taller." 

"Well, they definitely put a substantial amount of that weight into her boobs. Jeez, Claire! No need for a bra, huh Ms. Perky?" 

Darren did not answer, which gave me the feeling I'd crossed some kind of line. I decided not to joke with Claire anymore and just help the poor guy fix his sex doll. He lifted her under the shoulders while I took her ankles, and together we lifted her out of the bag and onto the table. I was impressed with the feel of her. I hadn't expected her skin to be so soft. On a real person's ankles, you'd feel different amounts of give for skin and for tendons and muscle or fat, plus the solid bone of the ankle knobs and the shin. With Claire it was all a uniform gentle squishiness concealing the support inside. I couldn't feel the skeletal framework that provided structure to her form, but Darren had told me in email that it was PVC pipe covered by silicone and that he had broken the one in her back. Of course, in my industry I am used to fake looking real, so her face didn't really surprise me, but the overall attention to detail at making her 'feel' real was impressive. "Did you dress her, or did the clothes come with her?" 

"I bought her this outfit and a few others," Darren answered. 

"I like the knee socks." 

Darren had his doll in a short denim skirt, a cut-off tank top that barely covered her tits, and those tube knee socks with three bands around the top that were popular in the seventies. She had Converses on her feet, no wear and tear there. 

"Yeah, I've had a thing for socks lately. Can't explain it." 

"No need. Mind if we undress her and flip her over so I can assess the damage?" 

"Sure." 

I noticed she smelled of baby powder as I watched Darren removing her skirt, his gentle efforts laying bare a pink lacy thong. He eased Claire onto her side, revealing duct tape holding the tank top together in the back where he'd cut it apart. "It's difficult to get her arms over her head and causes too much wear and tear," he explained. 

He peeled the tape apart, then lay her flat again and slid the top down her arms to expose an enviable pair of tits. I could get silicone implants too, if I wanted them. With Claire down to her panties, shoes, and socks, Darren gently rolled her onto her belly. He seemed so tender and loving when he touched her that I had to remind myself this was the same animal who broke her back fucking her. 

"What a cute butt," I couldn't help saying. I am completely hetero, but also a very aesthetic person, and Claire's butt was perfect. She had the kind of ass I've done countless squats trying to obtain, but mine still had a dimple that drove me crazy. Not to mention the veins. "That's what's missing. Veins!" 

"I didn't pay for that upgrade. It was the only one I didn't get and at first I regretted it, but I'm used to the way she is now." 

"Hmmm...I could probably add some veins for you. But first let me see about her back." 

I slid an arm under Claire's belly and lifted her, trying to feel the damage through her tummy, but it was too deep. I used my other hand to feel the pipe from the back, which made it obvious what I'd need to do. "I'm going to have to cut into her back, Darren. I'm surprised the manufacturer didn't leave me any other way to access the pipe. But once I get to it, I'm pretty sure I can fix it. As far as the cut in the silicone, I can make it look like new again." 

"Really? Well, I guess you're the professional. I fixed a tear and it didn't come out right." 

"Where?" 

Darren paused before easing her thong down to reveal an anus covered in silicone scar tissue. I almost laughed and made a crude comment, but the pained look on his face stopped me. "She has three orifices and I'm afraid I damaged this one beyond repair. I used the recommended adhesive, knowing it would make her anus impenetrable, but I needed to fix it in order to prevent further structural damage. Damage that could interfere with her main feature." 

"May I have permission to do a more thorough inspection? I think I have access to materials in my industry that you are not aware of. I may be able to help the situation." 

"Really? Of course! Oh, thank you, Lisa. I'll admit, I was a little worried about what you might think of me, but you've been so cool about this." 

"Hey, I actually respect a healthy sex-drive and admire anyone who has found a solution to a temporary problem. But I hope you don't get too dependent on doll-sex and once you finish school, you opt for the real thing." 

Darren looked at me like I was crazy, "Well of course! Real sex is one of the key motivators that keeps me working on my dissertation sixty hours a week." 

Somehow that broke my heart. I decided right then and there to do whatever I could to help Darren with his educational goals and I told him so. Meanwhile I was about done with my assessment of Claire's torn and badly plugged anus. "Honestly, Darren, I don't know if I can get her ass fuckable again. I do think I can get it finger worthy. Do you want me to do that?" 

Darren's head dropped back, then he straightened again and looked at me with puppy dog eyes. "Yes. Yes. Yes." 

I don't know if it was his body language or enthusiasm, but I could no longer deny the tingling that was occurring in my own panties. "What about her mouth, have you done any damage there?" 

"No. Her mouth doesn't open very wide, and I can't even get my dick all the way in there, so I usually just rub it on her lips." 

Oh fuck, I did not need to hear that. I rolled Claire onto her back, suddenly resentful that this doll was getting more sex than me. "May I examine her vagina?" I asked, trying to sound clinical. He hadn't said there was anything wrong with her vagina - I was just curious. 

"Sure. It slides out for cleaning." 

Darren showed me that where the flesh turned pink, it was really an insert. He separated her outer labia, then gently pulled out what looked like a pink fleshy tube. "Impressive. Now put it back in." Darren did as he was told, and once he had her main attraction back in place, I used my finger to explore Claire. I couldn't believe how realistic, tight, and muscular she felt. Of course I was feeling her without lubrication, but I could tell how this would be very satisfying. The vulva was extremely realistic - she even had a clitoris covered by a hood. 

"Do you perform oral sex on her?" I couldn't help myself. 

It was the first time Darren showed any signs of shyness, but he nodded, and maybe my expression said how hot I thought that was, because a grin grew across his face. "Hell yes, I do. You know, it isn't just masturbating. With Claire I can enjoy all forms of foreplay, and afterplay too." 

"Afterplay?" 

"We cuddle." 

"Wow." I stood there looking at this doll and now I knew I really hated her. I also knew I seriously needed to cum soon. "You're going to have to go now Darren. I have work to do. I'll email you and keep you up to date on how it's going." 

I rushed him out the door as it was closing, already regretting that I didn't have a vibrator with me. I came using the handle of a paintbrush while looking at Claire and imagining Darren eating her rubber pussy and stroking his own cock. 

* * * * * 

The repair was easy. Too easy. I could have finished it in a day, but I didn't want to. Instead I took my time and was very meticulous. After replacing the PVC pipe, I closed the 'wound' like it was surgery, taking way more time than necessary, gluing it together with a special silicone adhesive that I mixed to match Claire's skin tone, sealing from the inside out, one layer at a time, letting it set for twenty-four hours, and repeating until I reached the surface of the skin. I filled in the tiny line until it wasn't noticeable that she had ever been cut. I dissected away Darren's botched anal repair very carefully, then used latex to strengthen the area right above Claire's anus, and then more of the first adhesive to strengthen the bond. I even used a pink tone to make it pretty. I am a professional, after all. 

I dragged it out over five days so I could email Darren daily and let him know how it was going and also make small talk, so he would get more comfortable with me. During that time I ignored several emails and text messages from Todd showing his hot bod and hard cock, professing how much he missed me. I was glad to have this project to occupy my mind. Todd suddenly seemed overbuilt and vain, while Darren had become an obsession. I could not stop picturing him eating the pussy of a sex doll. Intellectually I felt like I should be turned off by this, maybe even creeped out, but I wasn't. Instead, I found his sexual hunger a huge turn-on. A tad bit kinky ... okay, a whole lot kinky. Regardless, I felt drunk with lust. 

I did a lot of research on the manufacturer of the doll. I learned about the options that could be customized. Eye color, hair color and length, skin tone, even nail polish. Darren had opted for the French manicure for Claire. Then there were nipple type and pubic hair options. That last one was one of the reasons I was dragging my feet. Claire had a patch of neatly trimmed pubic hair, and I had been waxed recently. I finally realized that I wasn't going to be able to hold out for the time it took to grow my pubes, so I added that to my list of things to talk to Oscar about. 

Oscar is good friend and make-up artist, and twisted enough himself to 'help a girl out' when she wants to role-play with her partner. That is how I explained my diabolic plan; as 'role-play,' and Oscar was on board. I set up an appointment for him to bring his kit to my studio Thursday morning. 

I found a red-haired straight bob on Amazon, along with a ridiculously short denim skirt, tube socks, and black Converses. I already owned a pink lacy thong and a white ribbed tank top, which I cut off to barely cover my boobs. I even cut the back and duct-taped it back together. When I had everything I needed, I emailed Darren and told him Claire was ready and he could pick her up Thursday. I told him to make sure he had some time to spare and didn't have to rush off, because I "wanted to go over some things" with him. Of course he agreed. 

Meanwhile, there was a song I couldn't get out of my head by Iggy and the Stooges. "I Wanna Be Your Dog," morphed into "I Wanna Be Your Doll." 

Thursday morning I was nervous. Sure, I could have just flirted with Darren and tried to seduce him, but that wasn't what I wanted. I needed to be clear about my intentions and not get into anything beyond the specific idea I had in mind. I figured the direct approach would work. He would either reject my offer and I would never have to see him again, or he could accept and... 

Oscar did an amazing job on my make-up after studying the photo of Claire's face. I didn't show him the actual doll because I'd promised Darren to keep it a secret. Oscar used a spray to cover my tattoos, and helped me get the green contacts in. "Girl, I've never seen you with fake nails. I thought they interfered with your work." 

"That's why I used press-on instead of acrylic. It is just for one day." I explained. 

When he was all done, Oscar stood back to look at me and admire his handiwork. "Girrrrrl, you are oozing slutty sex appeal!" And that was without the outfit. 

After Oscar left, I put on the wig and the clothes, then went over to have a little talk with Claire. I know, I was bordering on creepy here, but...I just wanted to get her blessing to 'borrow' her man with the contingency that I wouldn't keep him. I did fix her broken back and torn anus. The least she could do was loan me that hot nerd for just one day. 

* * * * * 

The roll-up door rattled at the sound of a knock. Oh god, he was early. 

He didn't recognize me at first, but I watched his face register what was going on. His expression blew right through horror, to confusion, and then settled on anger. "Is this your idea of a joke? I trusted you and you're making fun of me?" He looked around the room, like he was scanning for something. "I better not be on a reality show, Lisa. I'll fucking kill you, I swear!" 

"It's not a joke, Darren. You aren't on any show, I promise." 

"Then you're just mocking me for your own personal enjoyment? Where's Claire? Did you fuck with her?" 

"No, Darren, Claire's fine. In fact, she's better than fine." 

My tone seemed to relax him slightly. "Why are you dressed like her?" He didn't sound hostile anymore, just guarded. "Did you cut your hair?" 

"Maybe." I didn't want to tell him it was a wig. 

"Why did you do this?" Now he wore an expression of sadness, and it tore me up. He really didn't get it. 

"Don't you understand, Darren? I'm trying to turn you on." 

He stared at me like I might be pulling some kind of con. "What?" 

His posture softened - but not like he'd relaxed. More like ... weariness. I suddenly got the feeling that he had endured a lot of teasing in the past - that I shouldn't fuck with this guy. Well, I definitely should fuck with him, but not with his mind. Since he couldn't figure it out on his own, I needed to be blunt. 

"The way you talked about Claire and what you like to do to her really turned me on. A lot. I can't stop thinking about it, picturing it. Darren, I'm totally serious about this: I want to role-play for you. As Claire." 

He kept staring, and I got more and more nervous that I might be looking at rejection here ... until my eyes fell on the bulge in his pants. 

Erection or not, though, I guess it was still a challenge for him to accept what I was saying, because the next words out of his mouth were, "Really? Lisa, why? You've got to have lots of guys after you. Man, if you went outside dressed like that..." 

"I don't want lots of guys. I want someone to want treat me like you treat Claire. I want to be...used. But in the loving tender way that you behave with Claire." 

"I'm not always gentle with her," he warned. But a grin came over his face too. 

"Well...I was actually hoping that would be the case." 

His gaze changed, tightened, turned observant along with its disbelief. "You took out your nose ring." 
