 Theresa stood in the doorway of his office cube, running her fingers through her hair and tilting her head sideways as she spoke. Dale only half listened to her conversation as his eyes drifted from her face to her bust. They lingered there before returning his gaze back to her face. She responded by thrusting her chest out further. He wasn't ashamed to show his attraction for her. He knew she liked it.

The blouse she wore fit her slim figure well, but it wasn't designed to hold her large breasts. None of her blouses were. The buttons strained and the fabric stretched just enough so you could see a faint glimpse of a beige bra between the button holes. 

She shifted her weight to her other leg and stuck her hip out. "Are you doing anything for lunch today?"

"What?" The question caught him off guard. Theresa was one of the regular office flirts, but things never went any further than that.

"Lunch--you know, food?"

"Ah, sure. Yeah, I don't have any plans. What do you have in mind?"

"I wanted to check out a new place that just opened downtown. It's only about ten minutes from here. I can drive." She flashed a movie-star grin. "I can show you my new wheels."

In the past few weeks she mentioned several times that she'd like to show him her new SUV, but lunch?

"When do you want to go?" he asked.

"I'll stop by to get you around 11:30."

"Great. Seeya then!"

"Bye."

Her body turned but her head remained facing him as she smiled, then snapped her head around and walked away. He watched her cute little ass move back and forth as she floated down the aisle of cubes and disappeared around the corner.

He sat for a moment, picturing her breasts before him as if she still stood there. Envisioning himself reaching up and pressing his hand against the soft flesh, he could almost feel the weight of her magnificent gland in his hand. His penis lurched. Easy, boy. Remember where you are.

It couldn't possibly mean anything. As a married woman, Theresa was nothing more than a shameless flirt. They had become closer since Melody left him, but Theresa played the role of a sympathetic friend more than anything else. She probably just wanted to show off her new SUV. Why else would anyone buy one of those things? He turned back to his keyboard and tried to concentrate on his work.

The morning dragged on forever, but lunch time finally arrived and Dale found himself sitting across from Theresa at a small table in a dimly lit restaurant.

"This is pretty nice," he said, looking around the place. "Where did you hear about it?"

"I saw an ad for it in City Newspaper. It looked kind of interesting, and I've been meaning to check it out," she answered.

Their eyes met. She laughed and looked down.

Fearing they had run out of conversation, his mind raced to think of something to say, but all he could think about was how beautiful she looked.

She sipped her glass of water. "I've been meaning to talk to you about something."

"Oh?" He rested in chin on his hands. "What's up?"

"Well ...." She hesitated, drinking more water. "I'm, I mean--we're--trying to get pregnant," she announced.

Oh, so that's it. He knew there had to be some stupid girl reason she wanted to have lunch with him. Wasn't that always the case? This happened too many times in the past. Girls loved to talk with him, but it always ended at that. In the past, talks like these usually ended with himself alone at the end of the night with his dick in his hand. He felt stupid for thinking it could have been anything different.

"Oh. That's great. Congratulations." He tried to sound genuine.

"Thanks." She smiled, but her eyes started to well with tears. She inhaled deeply and stared up at the ceiling, covering her mouth.

"Hey, it's alright." Looking around frantically for a napkin, he remembered the one on his lap. Shit, don't start crying on me. He held the cloth out to her.

As if reading his thoughts, she turned off the waterworks.

"I'm sorry." She choked, taking the napkin. "I get way too emotional. My mother always joked that if I encountered any real tragedy in life, my head would explode." She laughed, dabbed her eyes with the napkin, and sniffed.

"So what is wrong?" he asked, this time actually sounding genuine.

"Well, we've been trying for about a year now with no results." She blew her nose.

"Have you seen a doctor?" He didn't know what else to say. "They have all sorts of fertility treatments these days. Heck, they usually work out too well and you end up having twins."

"Believe me, I'm not the problem. My doctor says there's absolutely nothing wrong with my organs. I'm as fertile as the Tennessee Valley." She glanced down. "John's the problem."

"Well, they have all that stuff for men, too." He flashed a toothy grin. "They've got male fertility drugs, don't they?"

Did they? He didn't really know.

"The problem is," she sniffed, "John's too proud to consider the fact that he may be the problem. He comes from a family of five, and his older brothers all had kids without any problems. It was like ... instant with them. He's too damn macho to go to the doctor."

Dale didn't know how to reply to that. The guy sounded like a real asshole. He wasn't surprised. Pretty girls like Theresa always ended up with an asshole.

"The thing is," she continued, "I really want to have a kid, and I've tried everything, but I just can't convince the dumb ox that I'm not the problem. Every time I bring it up, he says we'll just have to keep trying and eventually it will happen, like its God's will or something. I refuse to wait around my whole life depending on fate. I don't want to wake up as an old hag one day thinking that I didn't do anything about it, you know?"

"That sounds like a tough situation to be in. Have you considered counseling?"

"No, he thinks counseling is just new-age bullshit for wimps. He would never get involved in anything like that and would go berserk if he found out I had anything to do with it." She paused, then took a deep breath. "There is something, though, that I was thinking about."

She drank from her water glass again, this time taking a deep gulp. Her hand shook slightly as she set the glass down. "I wanted to ask you something." Pausing, she looked into her lap. "It's really hard for me, I mean, it's really difficult. I don't want you to get the wrong impression or anything." She took another drink. "Wow, I can't believe I'm doing this."

"Okay," she continued. "You have to promise me...."

"I promise." Dale made a cross over his heart.

"You have to promise me that you'll never tell anyone about what I'm about to ask." Her face took on a serious expression. "And, if you don't want anything to do with it, please pretend that I never said anything. Deal?"

"Yeah, okay. I promise." He leaned forward.

"Okay," She looked around the room as if someone might be listening. "Well, I really like you Dale, and I think you're really cute."

Cute's good. This was getting better and better. He held his breath.

"I don't know if I ever told you this, but you look a lot like John--like my husband," she paused. "Um, what I'm trying to say is--and I know this is huge, so if you refuse, I understand." She looked down again, averting his gaze.

"What are you trying to say?" he asked, surprised he had enough air in his lungs to speak.

She looked back up at him. "I was hoping that you and I, you know ... maybe you could impregnate me."

"Oh," he whispered. His heart stopped dead.

"Oh my God," she said. "I feel so stupid. Please forget I said anything. I know this is crazy. How could I ask you to do such a thing? I'm sorry. Forget I asked, really." She put her elbows on the table and covered her eyes.

Dale leaned forward and pried her hand away from her face. "Hey, it's okay. That must have been very difficult for you to ask."

She nodded.

"You're right," he said. "It is a big deal. But you know, I never really wanted to have kids of my own," he said. "I don't think I'd have a problem with it."

"No?" she asked.

"Not at all. My sister has kids, and as much as I love them, I don't think I have the stomach. What I'm trying to say is I think I would be willing to help you out. I mean, wouldn't get all hung up on being their father. After all, guys donate sperm all the time, right?" He paused, not wanting to sound too eager, but not wanting to blow the opportunity. "Besides, I don't mind telling you that I'm honored you thought of me."

"Really?" She wiped her eye and cracked a small grin.

"Yeah, really. I mean, you're like my fantasy girl, even before Melody left me."

Theresa blushed and turned her head. "You're joking...."

"No, I mean it."

She looked down again. "There's something else," she whispered.

"What? What is it?" He knew there had to be a catch.

"Well, I don't want to rush you, but I'm just now entering the height of my fertility." She peered sideways, checking the room again. "It has to be as soon as possible."

"How soon?"

"Like now."

"Like today?"

"I mean right now--before we go back to work." Her eyes pleaded with him.

This time it was he who took a long drink from his water glass.

She got out her purse, produced a few bills and dropped them on the table. "We haven't ordered yet. If we leave now, we can still make it back to work in time." She pushed her chair back. "Are you ready?"

He hesitated. His cock was already half erect and he was embarrassed to stand up straight.

She stood and reached out to him. "Let's go."

Dale felt like he was floating as he followed her out to the parking lot. I must be on Candid Camera or some wacky reality show. This is too good to be true.

They climbed into her SUV. "I saw an alley back there when we came in." She started the car and the wheels squealed slightly as she turned the car out of the parking spot.

The alley behind the restaurant looked deserted. She parked the car and turned off the engine. "I don't think anyone will notice us here."

After unzipping her jacket, she let her hands rest on her legs.

Dale looked forward and drummed his fingers on his knees. He turned his head and their eyes met.

"I'm nervous." She smiled.

He nodded, not capable of saying anything at the moment.

She reached up and touched his face. He leaned toward her and their lips met. Her mouth opened in response and their tongues entwined. She grabbed his arm and plunged her tongue deeper into his mouth.

She tasted sweet, with a hint of cinnamon. He moved his hand towards her arm but she intercepted him and moved it towards her chest. Her fingers slipped around the back of his hand as he made contact with her left breast.

Pushing into her flesh, he left his palm open and slowly moved it in a small circle. She moaned in response.

He moved his hand lower, rotating it, searching for her nipple. Despite the stretched blouse and the thick padding of the bra, it was easy to find, poking its way through the fabric like the head of a nail. His fingers brushed over it followed by the heel of his hand and it stiffened further.

She released the buttons of her blouse, one by one. Each one made a slight popping noise as the great pressure of her bosom released. With her other hand, she undid the front hook of the bra.

Moving the bra aside, his hand slid under her clothes and found his way around the warm flesh of her gland. He cupped her round flesh, just like he had in his fantasy, feeling its weight in his hand. Wrapping his hand around it, he resisted the urge to squeeze it harder. His fingers found her naked nipple, now fully erect.

Her nipple, long and curved upwards, was just the way he liked. He rubbed it ever so slightly between his fingers, feeling the hardness extending into the breast as he tugged on it.

Overcome with the desire to see her naked flesh and suckle on her, he released his mouth from hers, pushed her clothing aside and drank in the sight of her huge, heaving breast. Despite its girth, it didn't sag at all, and her pink nipple looked as large as a nipple on a baby bottle. It pushed upward and twitched slightly with each beat of her heart.

He felt her hand on the back of his head as she pushed his face towards her naked mound. She cupped the breast with her other hand, offering it up to him as his open mouth approached.

His lips curled around the nipple and he felt an electric shock pulse through her body. She moaned and tilted her head back.

He tongued her nipple gently back and forth, then sucked it deeper into his mouth. She continued to grip her breast then squeezed it hard as if feeding him.

He responded by taking more of it into his mouth. Feeling the nipple approach the back of his throat, he sucked in as much of the flesh as he could take, but the majority of the huge gland remained in her own hand as she squeezed, offering it to him.

Lowering his hand, he ran it down the fabric of her skirt until finding the naked flesh of her thigh, and then slipped it beneath the fabric towards her crotch.

She instantly responded by opening her legs and thrusting her hips forward.

Wasting no time, he found the moist crotch of her panties and gripped her sex tightly in his hand.

Gasping, she bit her lip, "Okay--let's get in the back." Her voice sounded horse and raspy.

The pressure on the back of his head ceased as he released her from his mouth. She folded her legs back together, turned, and dove into the back of the vehicle.

He watched in disbelief as the perfect crescent of her ass bobbed before him. It was too good to be true. Dear Lord, if this is a dream, please let it last until I blow my load.

With the back seat down, the entire back of the vehicle was a single flat surface. Two pillows, a few blankets and a comforter sat folded neatly along the side.

She grabbed the comforter and beckoned to him. "Okay, come on back."

He climbed between the seats and lay on his side.

Wasting no time, she tore off her jacket and undid the remaining buttons of her blouse. Her breasts swayed back and forth as she moved, like giant twin pendulums. Lying on her back, she pushed her hips up, reached under her skirt and removed her panties. 

"Okay," she whispered, spreading her legs. "I'm ready for you."

Dale ripped off his belt and pants and pushed them down to his knees, removing one leg.

She grabbed his boxers and yanked them down. His engorged penis bounced as the band slipped past them, bringing a huge to her face.

He centered himself over her as she reached forward, wrapping her fingers around his swollen manhood. Despite the hot blood coursing through his flesh, he felt the warmth of her hands and the sweat on her palms.

She pulled his penis forward and down to her soaking wet crotch.

As he pushed her skirt up, she lifted her hips, freeing him to push it past her hips.

Gasping, she guided him into her. Her pussy was so wet that he slipped in like a hot knife through butter. Wasting no time, he thrust deeply into her.

She inhaled sharply. "Oh," she moaned. "Oh, Dale."

He pulled back out slightly and then pushed back into her as far as he could go.

"Oh, yeah. Oh. Oh!" She wrapped her legs around him and squeezed.

Feeling her vaginal muscles tightening, increasing the pressure on his cock, he pumped into her, losing control.

"Oh yes. Oh Yes! Fuck me, Dale. Fuck me hard! Fill me up. Fill me with your cum!"

This was too much for him. He thrust forward hard as his load shot deep into her, and continued pushing forward each time his penis constricted.

Clasping her legs around him, she held him tight inside her.

He pushed into her, moved back slightly, then pushed forward again, delivery everything he had.

"Oh God, Dale. Oh baby." She draped her arm over her forehead, breathing deeply.

He collapsed on top of her and kissed her neck.

Her legs continued to press against his buttocks, holding him in place.

He felt good there, lying on top of her. She stroked his hair and hugged him.

Finally, she relaxed a little and he began to pull out of her.

"No," she said. "Stay inside a bit longer. I want to make sure I get every drop."

He pushed back into her, and the sensation tickled him.

"Oh, this feels so good," she whispered.

Her vaginal muscles tightened around him, then released. She repeated this several times, and he marveled at how strong she was. When she locked onto him, he could barely move forward or backward. The softening of his cock ceased, then began to stiffen again as she rhythmically massaged him with her cunt. He resumed his pumping again, slowly in and out, matching her rhythm.

"Oh, Dale." She smiled. "Do you have some more for me in there?"

He lifted his face and stared into her sparkling eyes. It was hard to believe, but he thought he did have more. He pushed deeper into her.

Her grip tightened on him. "Oh Baby. You Stud. You fucking Stud!" she gasped, as he increased his rhythm.

His penis hurt slightly, having cum once already, but he didn't worry about losing it again too soon. He could fuck her at will and fuck her hard. Reaching underneath her with both hands, he held her buttocks in place as he pounded into her. Despite the slipperiness caused by his previous load, her toned vaginal muscles caused enough friction to overcome the slipperiness.

Each time he pumped into her, she squeaked as her body absorbed the shock of the thrust. 

Her heels pressed hard into his buttocks as her nails dug into the flesh of his back.

"Oh! Oh! I'm going to cum! I'm going to cum now!" she shrieked. Her cunt muscles clamped down on him and her whole body stiffened as she approached her climax.

He slammed into her, each thrust bringing him closer to the brink. She screamed. His nails dug into her ass as he came. He pushed forward, holding himself deep inside her as he delivered his second load.

"Ohhhhhhh," she moaned.

He collapsed on top of her once again.

"Oh my God," she gasped. "I had no idea how good you would be."

"I told you." He kissed her ear. "You're my fantasy babe."

Wrapping her arms around his neck, she smiled. "I'm glad you feel that way. I was so nervous about the whole thing that I never thought I would actually have an orgasm. I'm looking forward even more to the next time."

"Next time?" He leaned back.

"Yes." She got up on her elbows. "I reach the height of my cycle today and tomorrow, but I don't know exactly when I'll ovulate. We have to do it again tonight to be sure."

"Tonight?" He sat up all the way.

"Yeah--are you free?"

A grin spread across his sweaty face. "Freer than a bird! Your place or mine?"

"It has to be my place. I can't get out without John being suspicious."

"What?" The grin faded from his face. "You expect me to have sex with you while your husband's still home?"

"Don't worry. We'll wait until he falls asleep. He'll never know." She pecked his cheek and flashed a mischievous grin.