 The argument, although not yet escalated to screaming, was clearly audible to Alexa as she stood just inside the foyer of the Lee house. It would, of course, soon grow in ferocity; a mother doesn't discover her daughter has racked up several hundred dollars in credit card debt purchasing sex toys and lingerie without voices being raised. But it wouldn't last long; Alexa would see to that. The fight, and the life Gail Lee had known up to that afternoon, would soon be ending.

She followed the sound of voices down the hall, past a closed utility closet and the entrance to the kitchen, with its immaculately scrubbed countertops, and elaborate display of pots and pans hanging over a cooking island. Straight ahead, at the end of the hall, Mindy had told her, was a door to the back yard with the entrance to the laundry room to the left, and to the right her mother's home office. It was there that the 42-year-old business consultant and her 19-year-old adopted daughter were discussing the appropriateness of purchasing dildos and lace body stockings with a credit card that was specifically designated for emergencies only. Stopping just outside the door, Alexa heard Mindy's explain that she had gone to the stores in question with her friend, Alexa, and that the purchases were just fun things that a lot of girls her age had.

"Not girls who live under my roof," Alexa heard Gail say. "I won't have such perversions in my home."

The argument had been sparked by the arrival of the bill for the credit card they had used to purchase toys and outfits during the weekend Alexa had made Mindy her slave. The bill had actually arrived the day before, but Mindy had hidden it and called her mistress that night to notify her that it had been delivered. They had been awaiting its arrival to launch Operation Enslave Gail. 

The following day, Alexa had pulled up outside Mindy's house just as the young Asian woman was collecting the mail. Alexa waited outside on the Lee's porch while Mindy took the mail, with the bill added, to the office and retreated to her bedroom. A few minutes later, she had texted Alexa that she had been summoned by her mother. Alexa gave her a minute to get to the office; then snuck in the unlocked front door and headed down the hall. And now, she stood listening to Gail rant at her daughter, completely unaware that her world was about to be turned completely and irreversibly upside down. 

"I swear, Mindy, I don't know what to think. I really don't! What are you even doing in such stores? Adult Sensations, Seductive Desires; just their names make me want to puke. Do you know that these are both stores our ladies group at church has tried to have closed? We've lobbied the City Council and everything and now my own daughter is shopping at them. They're disgusting. A one-stop shop for sluts and perverts," Gail yelled at her adopted daughter as Alexa listened just outside the door, a wicked grin on her face. 

"Right, because anyone who actually likes sex is some sicko. I hate how you and your church friends are so judgmental. I bet half of them only know what's in those stores because they've been shopping there; they're just too hypocritical to admit it," Mindy spat back at her.

"My god, Mindy. Are you saying...I mean, please tell me you haven't. How can you know you like sex when surely you haven't been with anyone?" Gail said in a shaky, angry voice as the full implication of Mindy's words hit her. "You are only nineteen and you aren't even dating, much less in a loving marriage. Sex is for married couples, Mindy. You know that, it's what I've always taught you."

"Oh now, Gail, don't you think that's a little old fashioned? I mean, really, it's the twenty-first century, for Christ's sake."

The voice came from behind her and Gail whipped around to see a tall young woman with long blonde hair leaning casually against the door jamb of her office. Her face flushed with fury, Gail took a step forward, but even in her extreme anger, she could not help being arrested by the young woman's beauty, and especially her eyes, two pools of sapphire blue that gazed out at Gail with such strength and confidence that the conservative Christian mother was stopped dead in her tracks by the sight of them.

This was not an unusual reaction. Just about everyone upon meeting Alexandra Jackson was drawn to those eyes. Then, they were quickly overwhelmed by her extraordinary beauty, her perfectly proportioned body and her charm, wit, intelligence and self-assuredness.

"Who are you?" she hissed angrily at Alexa. Incredibly alluring or not, this girl had no reason at all to be in her house, much less eavesdropping on a private conversation.

"I'm Alexa." The blonde smiled sweetly at Gail.

"Oh, you're the friend who took her to these horrible stores. Well, I demand that you fully reimburse me for these charges and that you stay away from my daughter. Do you hear me? You are no longer friends," Gail yelled at Alexa, who casually straightened up and stepped into the room.

"No, I don't think so, I mean about the reimbursements. As for no longer being friends, we really never have been just friends. The relationship goes so much deeper, doesn't it, my pet," she said, smiling deviously at Mindy.

"Yes, my mistress," Mindy said, smiling back at Alexa as she dropped to her knees.

"Mindy, what are you doing? What do you mean, mistress? What is going on here," Gail asked, her voice tinged with confusion and fright. She had no idea why her daughter was suddenly on her knees and looking at this strange girl with so much respect and adoration. She felt her control over the situation slipping, and loss of control always frightened Gail a little.

"Please, lower your voice. Screaming and yelling isn't going to change this situation," Alexa said calmly. "As for what she is doing, she is showing the proper respect due to her mistress when she enters a room, isn't that right, Mindy darling?"

"Yes, mistress."

"You see, Gail, Mindy is my pet. Another term, one I find a little more vulgar, is my sex slave, or, to be even more crude, my little bitch. What that means is that she no longer does what you say, but only what I say. And when I tell her to buy sexy dresses, slutty lingerie and sex toys, she does so. And when I tell her to wear said lingerie and play with said toys, she does that too."

Gail, at an utter loss for words, glared at Alexa. She wanted to strike the girl, to knock her down and wrap her hands around her perfect neck and choke the life out of her. At least part of her did. Another, deeply repressed portion of her psyche was perversely curious about her daughter's relationship to this captivating young woman. What sort of things did Mindy do with her? What did it mean to be a pet? Might she, Gail, enjoy doing such things? These questions, which never got close to actually forming in Gail's conscious mind, reflected desires that had been buried for years under a growing pile of guilt, shame, bitterness and loneliness. While the desires remained, trapped and unrecognized, the growing warmth in her body, the tingling sensation between her legs, and the fascination she felt for this beautiful young woman, was obvious not just to Gail, but Alexa as well.

Alexa understood, as all good mistresses do, when someone needs exactly what they have to offer. She could see, beneath the hurt and anger in Gail's eyes the traces of that need and hunger struggling to rise to the surface. It was just a matter of forcing Gail to finally recognize and embrace it. Once that was done, she would fall like so many others had before her.

"You're blackmailing her, aren't you?" Gail said in a cold voice. "Well, whatever it is you want, you're not getting it. I've got money and I've got connections. I can use both to bury you, so you'd be much better off just walking out of our lives right now."

"Oh, I don't think so. You see, I have these," Alexa said, then calmly reached into her oversize purse and drew out a manila folder, which she casually tossed onto Gail's office desk. The older woman picked it up and, upon seeing the contents, drew in a deep breath and shook her head.

She looked down at an image of Mindy wearing a crotchless sheer body stocking and fucking herself with a large, black dildo. The next photo showed her looking up at the camera while she knelt between another, unidentifiable woman's legs. She stared directly into the lens; a wide smile on a face shiny with what Gail knew must be the other woman's juices. Another photo showed her daughter in a chair, legs spread wide, one hand playing with a breast while the other was resting on the head of pudgy brown-haired girl who was performing oral sex on Mindy. The final photo was the worst, though. In it, a naked Mindy was kneeling before a black man whose long, thick cock was just inches from her face. He had clearly just climaxed as her face was covered by his milky white ejaculate and a thin strand still connected her tongue and his cockhead.

"There are lots more, plus videos of all these incidents and others," Alexa said in a matter-of-fact tone.

Gail looked up from the photos and stared at her daughter, shaking her head slowly in utter incomprehension of how this had happened.

"You slut," she said in an angry whisper. "You stupid, stupid slut."

Alexa's actions were cobra-like in their speed. She took two steps forward and slapped Gail hard across the face, the sound of the blow exploding through the room like a gunshot. The older woman rocked back, her face a brilliant scarlet where she had been struck, tears welling in her eyes from pain and shock.

"Don't you ever speak to your daughter, or any of my pets, in that manner again," Alexa said, the cold, brutal fury in her voice chilling Gail. The older woman stared at the wall, afraid to meet this young woman's harsh gaze and, despite her reputation as a stern disciplinarian and a ruthless businesswoman, making no response whatsoever to Alexa's attack. 

"You've been a complete bitch to Mindy, but that stops now," Alexa said coldly. "You'll do as I say, as she says, or the pictures and videos get posted online. I've already got several operators of well-known websites who'd be willing to pay for them and Mindy has already signed the necessary forms. She's happy to become an internet slut, aren't you?"

"Of course, mistress. I'm not ashamed of my sexual desires, like this old cow," Mindy said, glaring at her mother with a look of triumphant vindictiveness.

"And I'll personally email the links, along with complementary membership passes, to a great many of your business and political contacts as well as the leadership of your church. No doubt many of them have met Mindy, and more than a few have probably had fantasies about fucking your sweet, innocent little daughter. And those who don't know her, well, she makes a big deal in the video where she's gang-banged by four black men about how unhappy her mother, Gail Lee, would be if she ever found out about it." 

Gail drew in a deep breath, but still said nothing. Alexa noticed though, that she wasn't crying or even looking particularly angry, more resigned than anything else. Finally, Gail looked down at her daughter, still kneeling obediently on the floor.

"Why? Why would you do this to me, to yourself? Do you realize our whole future is threatened by this?" she asked her.

"Because I love my mistress and you're a fucking bitch," Mindy replied.

"Mindy, go to your room," said Alexa. The young woman instantly stood and moved past her mother and her mistress and disappeared out the door. Again, Gail did nothing and it was clear to Alexa that she had passed the point of resistance. Alexa, they both understood, was now in charge.

"What do you want?" Gail said, in a low, trembling voice, more a frightened victim than the angry, domineering mother she had been just a few minutes ago.

"You." Alexa moved to stand immediately next to Gail and then ran a finger gently along the older woman's face. Gail was not a particularly attractive woman, but that was more because of her choices rather than age or genetics. She kept her dark brown hair cut short and in a very unflattering style; wore plain, dull jewelry; and used makeup to downplay, rather than highlight, her plump lips, soft brown eyes, and high cheekbones. She needed exercise to tone her somewhat flabby arms and ass, but her body, and especially her full, heavy breasts, could still arouse passion in others. 

"What do you mean?" Gail asked, flinching at the touch of Alexa's hand. "I can give you money or possibly arrange for a cushy job somewhere. Is that it?"

Alexa sighed and shook her head. "No, I can get all the money I want on my own. And as for a job, I have no intention of working for others, Gail. I'm more like you in that, I'd rather run my own business. No, when I say I want you, I mean you, Gail Lee. I want to possess you, to dominate you, to have you be at my beck and call, just as your daughter is."

"Why?" Gail asked, genuinely puzzled. She could not imagine what this incredibly gorgeous young woman would want with her if not money and access to connections. She had no faith in her physical attractiveness, which is why she tried to downplay her looks on the theory of why flaunt what you don't have.

Alexa leaned in and brushed her lips against Gail's cheeks; the other woman flinched again and backed away. "I'm not like that. I'm not my daughter," she asserted in a soft voice.

The words, though spoken clearly, sounded more as if Gail was trying to convince herself that such was the case rather than intended as a rebuke to her tormenter. Alexa smiled. She liked a challenge and it seemed Gail wasn't quite ready to release her old life. Soon, though, she knew.

"Okay, maybe you're not. I'll tell you what," Alexa said, looking Gail in the eyes with an earnest, honest expression. "If you'll submit to me for this evening, just for a few hours, then I'll destroy these videos and the pictures. I'll even give you the consent forms that Mindy signed and you can shred them. I'll remove any hold I have over you. Does that seem fair?"

Gail should have said no. She should have raged against Alexa, threatened to call her attorney or her contact at the state attorney general's office. She could even have called a friend who owned a private security firm, the kind of firm that occasionally dealt with just this sort of situation in a quiet yet sometimes brutal fashion. Instead, she silently nodded her head in affirmation. She didn't even bother to question the honesty of Alexa's statement, taking it for granted that the beautiful blonde would do as she promised.

She did so because, as Alexa suspected, Gail was curious about, and perhaps even growing a little jealous of, the relationship this woman had with her daughter. Like many lonely people who feel themselves unattractive and unwanted, Gail's frigidity and her strict sexual morals were barriers she erected against the feeling that she was missing out on some of life's great pleasures. Unable to indulge in them, she instinctively decried their pursuit by others. Now that the opportunity to experience these pleasures had apparently arrived, she found herself intrigued and aroused, with a growing warmth and wetness between her legs.

It was not as if Gail was a virgin. She'd been married when Mindy had been adopted, but her husband had been unable to keep his dick in his pants, preferring instead to screw just about any other woman he could, including Mindy's babysitter, several of her teachers, a female friend from church, and of course, his secretary. By the time he'd taken off with Mindy's seventh-grade music teacher, their sex life was non-existent, and it had been several years since Gail had been with anyone. So she did not know what to do when Alexa suddenly leaned in and gently kissed her.

Alexa wasn't sure how Gail would respond to this, but instinct told her to move forward, so she pressed her lips into Gail's. Initially, the woman did nothing, just stood there with her lips sealed. But when Alexa did not stop, Gail slowly, timidly, responded, pursing her lips and gently pushing them back against Alexa's. When the younger woman slid her tongue against Gail's still closed lips, they parted after just a couple of seconds, and the older woman's tongue pressed back against Alexa's.

Not wanting to move too quickly, Alexa kept kissing Gail, allowing her prey to become comfortable with the idea of their physical contact; letting the pleasure she was sure the older woman was beginning to feel gain a firm foothold. When she was confident that Gail was ready for the next step, she moved to press their bodies together, her arms wrapping around Gail and pulling her in close. She felt Gail's body tense, but she held her and casually massaged her back, keeping her hands well away from Gail's breasts or vagina. Another minute or so passed before Alexa pulled back from the kiss.

"Was that really so bad?" she asked. "Admit it, you enjoyed it."

"You're making me do this," Gail said, a trace of defiance still in her voice.

"That wasn't a denial, though, was it," Alexa said and then began kissing Gail again before she could respond. This time, there was no hesitation in her response and Alexa noted that Gail was beginning to kiss back with more energy and passion. The tension in her body eased as well, and Alexa softly brought one hand up and squeezed Gail's left breast. The older woman moaned, but did not pull away or say anything, so Alexa continued to massage the large tit.

Much to Alexa's surprise and Gail's as well, Mindy's mother raised a hand to one of Alexa's breasts and began mimicking her young seductress' moves. Even when she realized what she had done, though, Gail did not stop. She was rapidly approaching that point where one can no longer resist the inner, base urges that drive lust. When Alexa ran a hand down to her ass and gave it a gently squeeze, Gail let out a slight moan of pleasure.

Now, Alexa increased the force and passion of her kissing and allowed her hands to roam over a wider area of Gail's body. Both breasts were being regularly massaged and when she ran a hand down to lightly press against Gail's sex, the older woman grew a little rigid but offered no other resistance.

"Have you ever been with a woman?" Alexa whispered into Gail's ear. There was a long hesitation before Gail replied.

"Once, just after college."

"What happened?"

"A roommate and I, we got a little tipsy, and we'd both recently broken up with our boyfriends," Gail said, growing even more aroused at the recollection. "We made out like this, and then, well, did other stuff."

"Other stuff?" Alexa asked. "Tell me, please."

Perhaps it was the please that convinced Gail to share this long-held secret. "We masturbated each other and tried to, you know, kiss each other down there, but neither of us seemed to have success."

Alexa kissed along Gail's cheek and moved her lips to the older woman's neck. "That's a real shame, because when done right, it's the most wonderful feeling in the world."

She took Gail's hand and pulled her over to an armchair in the corner. She pushed the aroused but frightened woman down and began lifting up her skirt. Gail's hands instinctively moved to stop this intrusion into her private area.

"No, I don't want to...I'm not ready, please," Gail begged.

Alexa grabbed her wrists and pinned them to the arm's chairs. She rose and leaned into Gail, their faces just inches apart.

"You do want this. You want it very much and it's going to happen, so just relax and enjoy," Alexa said firmly yet reassuringly. Gail relaxed her arms and lay back in the chair. Without even realizing it, she spread her legs wider when Alexa knelt back down and when the younger woman began pulling off her panties, Gail raised up to allow her to remove them without any hesitation at all.
