 Annabelle was the proud owner of The Double Deuce horse ranch. She inherited it from her father a year ago after he passed away. He taught her everything he knew about ranching before he passed on. Annabelle had been running the ranch since and doing a fine job of it. Everyone in town thought so. Now if she could just find the right man to share it with. She wanted to get married for all the right reasons like love, honor, and respect or at least lust, honor, and respect at this point she'd settle for either one. 

She walked down to the fields to check on things saying "Hello" to the ranch hands as she passed by. They all nodded and tipped their hats saying, "Ma'am" back to her. One particular ranch hand stood out, he was very tall, with long legs that went all the way up to a nice firm ass, muscled forearms, dark tanned skin, and a cowboy hat pulled low over his eyes. If Annabelle remembered correctly his name was Dalton and he was sexy as hell! He looked up at her catching her checking him out. She blushed but only for a second then flashed him a wicked smile. He smiled back sending a chill up her spine. Annabelle checked on things down at the stables then went back up to the house. She got herself a glass of lemonade and sat in the front porch swing. It was dusk and the sun was beginning to set. She went upstairs to take a hot shower. All she could think about was him! She had to get him out of her mind! She got out got dressed in just a plain white t-shirt as it was to hot to sleep in anything else but who could sleep. She went downstairs to get something to eat. As she walked by the front door she noticed a light on down at the stables. She wandered what was going on and decided to go find out. She started walking down toward the stables and when she got there she looked around and didn't see anyone. 

"Anyone in here?" she called out. 

Just then she heard something behind her just as she turned around to see who it was he said, "It's just me, Dalton." 

She stopped dead when she heard his voice. "Oh, God it's him! What am I going to do? Get a grip Annabelle he's just a man! She finished turning around to face him and he looked as delicious as he had earlier that day! He stood there staring at her in just a t-shirt and underwear looking so good he could barely control himself! 

"Oh, Dalton it's you what are you doing down here so late?" she asked him. 

He replied "One of the mares is about to give birth and I was coming to check on her." 

"Oh I see is she alright?" she asked. 

"Yes she is fine for now, but it's getting close probably will be another day or two until she has the foul." he answered.

"What are you doing down here?" he asked. 

"I was just coming to see what was going on because I saw a light on down here from the house. It seems as though you have everything under control so I'll be going back to the house now." Annabelle said. 

He walked toward her stopping her. "No, everything is not under control." he answered. 

"But you just said she was fine it......."

"I wasn't talking about the mare Annabelle." 

"Then what on earth are you talking about?" 

"You know exactly what I'm talking about. This thing between us and this feeling I get in the pit of my stomach every time I see you or hear your name. I don't know what to do about it? It's driving me insane. You're driving me insane!"

"Dalton.....I" 

She started to answer but he leaned in and kissed her with a passion she had never felt before! She couldn't resist him he was intoxicating but reality crept back into her mind she was his boss. 

"I can't, I'm sorry I'm you're boss." she said.

"Fine if that's the way it has to be I quit." he replied.

"But.....but....you can't......" but before she could finish her answer he was kissing her again this time with more passion than he had a few minutes earlier! She could barely stand her knees almost buckling beneath her. Dalton picked her up and carried her over to some bales of hay. He put her down up right taking off her t-shirt and laying it across a bale of hay. He then lowered her down onto the bale covering her body with his. He kissed her fiercely wanting her so badly he couldn't stand it. He stood up to undress Annabelle groaned as he left her. She stared at him in amazement. He was a God, a gorgeous, sexy God that she wanted with all of her being. He pulled his shirt and pants off so quickly that she hadn't realized he was back on top of her. He began sucking her pert nipples until they ached and stood erect. She groaned with pleasure! It was a pleasure she had never felt with any man before, she reached down to find his cock and began stroking it slowly. Rolling her thumb over its head she could feel his precum leaking out.

"Oh God Annabelle!" he moaned. 

"Dalton make love to me now! I want your cock deep inside of me!" she groaned.

Without saying another word he plunged his cock deep inside her soaking wet pussy. She felt so good her tight pussy squeezing his pulsing cock. He thought he was going to burst right then. She raised her hips matching him thrust for thrust. Then suddenly she pushed him off of her and rolled him onto his back. Then she sat on top of him straddling him easing his cock back into her wet pussy. She rode him long and hard until she thought she was going to burst! And burst she did her pussy juices flowing all over is wanting cock. He could not restrain himself any longer he pumped her wet pussy hard one more time filling her with his hot cum! She rolled off of him totally exhausted. Dalton wrapped his arms around her and they drifted off to sleep. 

They woke up early the next morning before anyone discovered them naked. Annabelle got up put her t-shirt back on and kissed Dalton goodbye as she ran for the house. He just stood there naked watching her ass move as she ran to the house getting a hard on again he turned away and put his pants back on. He went to his bunk to shower and change clothes. Annabelle got in the shower reluctantly not wanting to wash away the scent of their lovemaking. She got out got dressed and went downstairs for some breakfast she was starving! When she got there Dalton was standing there holding a bouquet of flowers and wearing nothing! She gasped at first then stood there staring at him in amazement. She walked over to him grabbed him and kissed him fiercely pushing him down onto the table. She still didn't get anything to eat!