 Julius decided to leave the reception. It was one of those charity dinners and a fellow barrister in chambers had persuaded him to contribute. The meal had been rather better than was usual at these functions and the wine had assisted the conversation, but nearly everyone seemed to be a couple or at least had a woman companion and being on his own meant that he stood out a bit. These black-tie events were usually OK for an hour or so once the dinner and the speeches had finished, but after he'd spoken to the people he knew, and exchanged all the usual pleasantries with some he didn't, boredom quickly set in.

Julius got his coat from the pretty girl at the cloakroom and got a smile and an interested look. Although nearing fifty, he still got glances from young women and that made him feel good; it would make any man feel good. As he pulled on his coat and crossed the hotel lobby towards the entrance he could see that it was still raining. Not heavily, but he didn't fancy walking back to his apartment building. 

He stepped into the covered porch and signalled to the doorman to call one of the waiting cabs. He got in, gave the cab driver his address, sat back and contemplated the rather empty evening that stretched ahead. The prospect was dreary, and like most single men on their own in that situation he thoughts drifted towards sex, and the drift resolved itself with a thought. The thought had a name, and the name was Alice. Julius leaned forward to the driver and told him that he wanted to make a brief detour.

This was a detour that Julius had made once before, with rewarding results, and he hoped that that, with luck, she might be there. The cab quickly made its way though the dark streets and soon arrived in the rather run-down part of town that he'd requested. Julius looked out through the rain-spattered cab window for the alley where he'd found Alice before and got the cab to stop opposite. After a few seconds the slight figure of a young woman stepped out of the alley where she had been sheltering and peered towards the cab's occupant. Julius opened the door and beckoned. Alice recognised him at once. She tottered towards the open door on her three-inch heels and swung down on the seat next to him, slamming the door behind her. 

Julius indicated to the driver that the detour was over, then turned and looked towards his young companion. He hadn't seen her for more than a month, but her presence had exactly the same effect on him as on the previous occasion.

She sat quite stiffly looking towards him, her eyes wide and expectant as if hoping for approval. Her hair was flattened and wet from the rain; wisps hang from her temples and stuck to her cheeks. Her unbuttoned thin coat hung damply from her shoulders. Alice was small boned and slender, almost thin, and looked not much older than nineteen or twenty. 

It would be easy to conclude that the reason why Julius found her attractive was because of the way she was dressed. Alice's clothes made her look like a slut, and that word was printed on the front of her t-shirt, brazenly confirming her acceptance of the role. The t-shirt was cropped, revealing a naked waist and visible navel. Below was a low-cut denim skirt, so short that it was little more than a wide band. The hem had been attacked with scissors leaving trails of grubby white cotton threads that hung down untidily. So short was this apology for a skirt that, as she sat, it failed to cover the inch or two of white thigh displayed above the lacy, black stocking tops. Of course this calculated degree of exposed flesh, and the juvenile display of overt sexuality, was intended to arouse, but there was something else about her that went beyond its tawdriness.

It's hard to explain the nature of attraction between people, particularly the nature of sexual attraction. Although she had been next to him for only a few moments Julius was reminded that something about this young woman was unique. He had often been in the presence of desirable and scantily dressed women, but this was different. There was something about Alice's animal magnetism that almost made the provocative clothing redundant. 

"It's good to see you again", said Julius, "how have you been?"

Alice turned sharply towards him, seeming startled, as if not expecting the question.

"I've been fine, thank you". She didn't look away but held his look as if daring him to respond. There was something of a rebuke in the way she had answered him, as if this formal exchange had broken a rule.

Julius recalled that a similar exchange had occurred on the previous occasion. Alice preferred not to talk. This casual pick-up was to do with having and enjoying sex. It was about what you did, not what you said. The other thing Julius recalled was that Alice had an elegant voice and part of her attraction was that her voice belied her appearance: Alice's background was clearly educated middle class.

If there is a puzzle in this, we need to know more about Alice to solve it. 

There were two very distinct sides to Alice Tremaine. One of these was on display there in the cab; this was Alice-the-slut prepared for a sexual adventure with an older man. The other Alice was a smart, talented university law graduate who had recently started work with a long-established firm of solicitors.

The truth was that she was both these people and, for reasons she really couldn't control, needed to be. Alice was a sex addict. She had come to realise this very soon after reaching puberty. She needed regular sex with strangers and often with multiple partners and assumed that this related to some psychological fuck-up related to her childhood. But whatever the reason, the reality was that her very high sex drive compelled her to want sex with just about every really attractive man she met. Most were very willing. Her encounters were usually one-night stands and she didn't want to know the men she had sex with, she just wanted them to fuck her in as many ways as possible. If that labelled her a slut, she wore that label proudly. 

Of course she knew she was leading a double life and that the two had to be kept very separate, but Alice-the-slut didn't have a choice, sex was a drug she thrived on and she revelled in dressing the part. The other Alice was a stranger to the first; a woman with a double first in law at Cambridge and a piano scholarship offered by the Guildhall School of music. This latter she'd turned down with some regret, choosing law instead, but she was well regarded and considered certain to reach the top of her chosen profession. Alice's addiction to sex was one thing and her career quite another. She was confident she could, with care, manage and enjoy the rewards of both. 

The other thing to say about Alice is that her much preferred sexual role was one of compliance, Alice was a submissive, she liked to be used and dominated. Very recently she had spent an entire weekend with a man in an expensive hotel bedroom on Park Lane where, thanks to room service, she was able to remain naked and available from the moment she arrived to the moment she left. It had been quite a weekend.

The cab arrived outside Julius's apartment block and Alice waited until Julius paid the driver before following him into the lobby. The duty concierge greeted Julius, calling him "Sir" and then after a slight pause, adding "Madam" to Alice. All three of them rather delighting in the irony of the need to maintain the formalities of civilised behaviour, even though a wealthy barrister in black tie, accompanying a self-proclaimed slut to his lodging was very definitely about something else.

During the elevator ride Julius started to become excited. He remembered the previous occasion that the two of them had made this journey and how turned-on he had become realising that Alice liked to be dominated, wanted it rough, would do and submit to anything. He also recalled her tension then and it was equally evident now.

Once in his apartment Julius switched on the low lighting, put his coat on a nearby chair and told her to do the same. She complied and stood, uncertain whether she should move into the room or wait. Julius took off his jacket and undid his tie. For some seconds they just looked at each other. Julius beckoned her to come and stand in front of him. She stepped forward, slightly trembling with anticipation. This situation was familiar; yet again she was about to place herself totally into someone else's control; delight in whatever excesses she might be put through and the pleasure she would have, wallowing in the decadence of it. The excitement always came from not knowing what would happen next.

Julius walked round touching her shoulder. He felt her slight, involuntary quiver as he did so. This was the first contact. Standing close behind her, he brushed her shoulder-length hair to one side revealing her slender neck with only a few strands of hair remaining. Julius wondered at its slender vulnerability. He brought his lips to the place and nuzzled and kissed it gently. Alice dropped her head forward, loving the feel of a man's mouth on her skin. She shivered. His body was pressed up against her and she could feel the hardness of his cock pressing against her buttocks. He was so turned-on, and she was the reason, the whole reason. He wanted her, and she wanted him, to be taken, penetrated, and used.

Moving round to face her again, Julius grasped the ragged hem of her T-shirt and lifted it. Like a young child familiar with being undressed, Alice instinctively lifted her arms so that he could pull it over her head. She wore no bra. 

A young woman's breasts are always beautiful. Julius allowed himself the pleasure of looking and touching without restraint. They were full but smaller than average; Julius liked that, in fact he preferred it, he had something of an aversion to big-breasted women. As his fingers rubbed the bright pink nipples they seemed to reach out towards his touch. Julius watched her face, enjoying the subtle changes of expression reflected there as his hands and fingers delighted in the firm softness of her flesh. Her lips were moist and lightly parted and Julius wanted to kiss them. His hands left her breasts and, as he brought his mouth towards hers, he grasped and squeezed her naked waist, pulling her to him. The contact was electric. Alice responded at first delicately, just making her lips and mouth available, enjoying the pleasure of his firm taking, then giving him her tongue and open mouth completely.

Julius next turned his attention to her mini skirt. The zip and clasp were easily undone and it quickly fell to her feet. He helped her step out of the denim band and let his eyes dwell on her shapely legs. For the first time Julius noticed that the black nylon was snagged and laddered on both. There was a tear beneath the kneecap on the left with ladders running almost to the lace tops. He momentarily kissed the skin where it shone through the gash, at the same time letting his hand run up the smooth back of her leg to her thigh. He liked the snags and tears. He liked the deliberate slutty carelessness of them, Stockings like these, indeed stockings at all, were all part of female allure, a means of separating legs from white thighs, of marking the contrast, emphasising and fetishising both. 

Julius stood and crossed to his desk. From a drawer he took a blindfold. 

Although he was behind her, Alice heard the drawer open and close and half-knew what to expect. Nonetheless the suddenness with which it covered her eyes was still a shock. He tightened the band that held it in place. For Alice, the moment was thrilling. Being deprived of her sense of sight made her feel totally vulnerable but it would heighten her other senses for what would follow.

Julius knelt in front of her. The absence of her skirt now revealed a cheap, pink G-string with the word "Kitten" machine-embroidered on the front in white. Julius noted the darkening of the fabric between her legs caused by the wetness seeping from her vagina. He slipped his fingers deftly into the waistband of her knickers and slowly, very slowly, lowered them to her knees. The slowness was needed because it delayed the thrill that would run through him when he revealed the glory that was her pudenda. Her pubic hair was neatly trimmed, exposing the cleft. He let his finger run lightly down its length then brought the tip of his tongue to it. He could smell the sweetness of her vaginal juices as his tongue followed the path of his finger and found its mark, pushing between the soft lips that guarded the opening. Julius felt her skin quiver. 

Needing to develop what was becoming a fascinating scenario, Julius pulled Alice's  knickers to the ground and, as she lifted her feet to step out of them, removed each of her shoes, tossing them aside. He then removed her stockings, roughly grabbed her wrists, and bound them with the black nylon behind her back. Alice was now stripped naked, blindfolded and bound. And she loved it. 

Julius then told her to kneel, His cock had been bursting to emerge from his pants for what felt like hours. Its moment had now come. Julius unzipped his fly and brought his rigid member into the light. He stood in front of Alice and brushed the swollen head of his cock over her face teasingly. Because she couldn't see or touch it, all she could do was try to find it with her open mouth, wanting to taste it, wanting it to fill her. Relenting, Julius watched her lips close on it greedily. She started to suck, but Julius wanted something rougher. Holding the base of his cock with one hand and gripping the hair on top of Alice's head with the other, he began to fuck her face; gently at first, and then more forcibly.

For Alice this was masochistic heaven: gagging, as his cock hit the back of her throat, the struggle to breath, the snot, the vomit, the giddiness, the tears, the feeling of excitement she felt as he reached his peak, her lips clamped round his swollen cock and his cum spurting into her so that she choked and gagged at the same time. She would tell you that the agony was worth it, an ecstasy of submissive desire. For Alice the cum-slut, this was where she lived. 

Julius grabbed her tied wrists, dragged her into the bedroom backwards and threw her face down onto the bed. He stood, looking at her naked back, her wrists bound behind her, arse in the air, face down. He wondered again why he took so much pleasure in dominating this beautiful young woman. It was because her need licensed it, making it something they shared. If he had become her master, she had also become his; her craven submissiveness insisting that he serve it.

Julius removed his clothes calmly, all the time looking at her bound and naked figure spread before him. He was overcome with a desire to violate this slight, vulnerable woman with all his senses. He roughly parted her legs and pulled her up so that she knelt, giving him full access to every curve and every cleft. His fingers, mouth and tongue probed and explored every exposed part of her in an orgy of carnal excess. He felt her respond, her body extending into his touch, welcoming every stroke, every intrusion, every eager grasp. 

Her wanton compliance produced in Julius a feeling he'd not had before. A sudden urge to punish her for the helplessness he felt when confronting her irresistible sexual power over him. He really wanted to spank her, but at the same time he realise that the act would only confirm his weakness and give her pleasure. He did it anyway, holding her fast and beating the cheeks of arse with the flat of his hand until it was sore. She succumbed; cried from the pain, but loved it.

Exhausted but replete, Julius now turned her onto her back. He unfastened one of her wrists, tied one to the second stocking and fastened both wrists to the bed rails. Now, with her still blindfolded and bound, he again had unrestricted access to do to her body whatever he wished. 

Her arms, now held above her head, pushed her tits up, making them more prominent. Julius decided to start there, forcibly squeezing their pliant softness, tugging and sucking on the hardened nipples. She moaned with pleasure 

He moved down, marvelling at the flatness of the flesh between her softly protruding hips. He let his mouth savour the taste of her skin there with its downy coating of fine blonde hair. Then he straddled her and put his hard cock there, rubbing it over the silky surface, his balls resting on her pubic hair. A small flow of pre-cum to oozed from his cock. He wiped it away with his finger and put it in Alice's mouth. She sucked on it eagerly.

Like Goya's Naked Maja, Alice lay with her legs closed. Julius leant forward and brushed the fine pubic hair with his mouth, his tongue probing into the sweet pudendal cleft. This caused Alice to part her legs slightly, and Julius assisted, bending her legs up and spreading them wide. He gazed at the glory that was revealed; the high, round pudendal mound, the puffy outer cunt lips with the inner lips peeking through, the groin hollows moistened with sweat and the silky flesh of her inner thighs. Slipping his hands beneath her buttocks and lifting her into his face, he gorged on it all, the wet nectar that flowed there coating his face as he revelled in its taste and smell. 

For Alice, this extended foreplay was sheer delight. Rendered helpless, the sole object of a beautiful man's obsessive attention; she thrilled to his rude taking of her; his frantic mouth and tongue seeking and filling her every orifice.

What Julius wanted now more than anything was to make Alice cum. He began to finger fuck her, first with one finger then adding more gradually. He heard the gasp as he reached four. Reaching upwards he found the G-spot. She responded with a shrill cry of pleasure. He started to increase the pace, sliding out slow then pushing in full and hard. With his left hand he opened her cunt lips next to his delving fingers, revealing her engorged clit peeking from its pink hood. He gently rubbed each side of the hood, slowly increasing the speed. He could feel and hear from her cries and gasps that her orgasm was building. Without slowing his fingers, he brought his tongue to the clit bud, licking it round and round with the tip, his fingers in her cunt digging deeper, harder and faster. Her cries became louder, lasted longer. Bracing her legs, she pushed her pelvis up into his hand, wanting it deeper, seeking to meet the violence of his thrusts.

When the climax hit, she screamed. Ecstasy swamped her entire lower body, flooded down her legs and caused her feet to tense and flex. Her hands, strapped to the bed-head, did the same. Alice shuddered with the force of it. She sobbed loudly with the release. Tears poured down her cheeks from beneath the blindfold.

Julius lifted it from her eyes, resting it on to a forehead wet with sweat. Alice's body slowly relaxed. As he looked into her streaming eyes the sobs lessened, became gasps. Streaks of wet mascara smeared her cheeks. Julius kissed them gently, brushing the tears away with his lips. She smiled back at him. They kissed. Lips, mouth, tongue swamping each other.

Alice soon wanted more. Having his cock in her mouth and his fingers deep in her cunt had been great, but she now wanted his cock deep inside her, she wanted to feel him there when he came. Julius untied her hands and she reached down between his legs and grasped it, hard, engorged and ready. Julius rolled her over front down again and lifted her. Now she could kneel more easily, her arms resting on the bed, her arse lifted and proffered. 

Once again this submissive, lustful posture set his pulse racing. Again, he worshipped before it, grasping her slender waist, stroking his hands over her hips and buttocks, bringing his mouth to the white flesh, feeling the dampness and salt taste of her sweat on his tongue. Once again he spread her arse cheeks, and rimmed the dark opening, feeling her respond. He felt round and let his fingers invade the slippery, wet folds of her cunt again, feeling for her clit. Knowing that it would still be sensitive from his previous frigging, he spread cunt juice liberally, making it slimy. Her soft moans told him it was working.
