 Finally we met. The moment I had been waiting for had arrived. But instead of being all dressed up in a beautiful outfit, wonderfully made up, I was sitting in a dressing room, naked, wet, panting from making love to a woman! There stood my Michael, smiling and taking in the entire scene. I heard his voice and my trained pussy started to ache for him. Carolyn stood up, taking my hands in hers and smiling. She leaned over and kissed my forehead, murmuring, "Goodbye, my little one. This was a morning to remember." With a nod to Michael, she was gone. 

I shyly looked at my phone lover. He was standing by the door, dressed in a business suit. He wore silver wire frame glasses on his intense blue eyes. I could smell Obsession for Men filling the little room. He was watching me, waiting for me to make a move. I closed my legs and lowered my feet. Being short, my feet dangled a little bit above, so I nervously started to swing them. I looked into the mirror and saw the unlikely vision of me, like a little girl, but so very naked and womanly. Michael said my name again. God, I loved the sound of his voice. 

He took a step toward me, holding out his hand. I reached for him and felt his strength as he pulled me forward. Now, we stood near each other, one of us naked, the other perfectly dressed. He smiled down at me and caressed my face. I felt my eyes close as he finally touched me. He placed his hands on my cheeks and leaned down to kiss me. This was something I could not imagine, no matter how hard I tried. I could pretend it was Michael touching my nipples, holding my pussy, loving me. But I could never feel his kisses and this was something I really missed. I felt his soft lips just touching me, so gently, I was afraid I was imagining it. 

Slowly his lips moved back and forth, causing me to open my lips to him, just a little. Finally, I could feel his tongue pressing on my mouth. He gently circled my lips, carefully outlining them and then gliding over them. He tasted so delicious. My fingers reached up to his head, sliding into his soft, brown hair and holding him in place. I found myself leaning into his body in an effort to sink deeper into him. His fingers moved so softly on my face, slowly moving to my jaw, my neck, my shoulders. Then he stopped. I looked up at him, wonderingly. He stood before me, holding my shoulders in his large, capable hands. 

My nipples were puffy from the contact with his clothes, I was breathing hard, my pelvis arching toward him. He was waiting for me to make the first move. His little Donna Reed, the woman he had trained to want him....he expected her to initiate today's adventures. I didn't mind, I wanted him. My shaky hands reached up for his jacket. He shrugged his shoulders to help me. I worked on the tie. Lord, why did men want to strangle themselves with this piece of silk? Finally, I was able to loosen the knot and slip the tie over his head. 

He was wearing a lovely pale blue shirt, making his eyes so bright and deep. Now I felt comfortable, this was something I dreamed of doing for so long. Slowly, I unbuttoned his shirt, trailing kisses down his chest, leaving a kiss for each button opened. I went on tiptoe to slowly suck first one of his nipples and then the other. I couldn't help smiling as I heard the intake of breath and soft moan escape his lips. This man was so beautiful. 

My husband, Jim, was of slight build. He was not a tall man, I often felt he was too fragile for this world and treated him accordingly. Michael was everything I wanted. Tall and sturdy, with a lovely chest, slightly hairy. He had the most beautiful nipples, very sensitive to my touch, perfect for sucking and licking. My arms slid around his waist and I held him to me. Now, I was the fragile one, the tiny one. I loved the feeling of that. My hands were running over his back and sides, touching all the skin I had dreamed about all these months. As my fingers passed over his nipples, I felt them harden further. I loved the way he responded to me!

My nervous fingers slid to his belt. I had only been with one man my entire life. I had only seen one penis in all my years. I looked up at him. He was smiling and looking at me lovingly. He assured me it was going to be all right. He said there was no rush and perhaps I had had enough excitement for one day. If so, he would understand. But I felt as if all my life had been leading to this one moment, when I would meet and love this man, my Michael.

I knew now what I wanted. My fingers skillfully undid the buckle and unzipped his pants. I hooked my thumbs inside his shorts and lowered everything to the floor. I was still nervous about seeing his penis, my eyes looked everywhere but there. I heard Michael chuckle as he slid his fingers under my chin. He raised my face to his and kissed me so sweetly. " I love you, Rachel," he said. "You don't have to do anything you don't want to do." My arms went around his neck and I reached for his delicious mouth, kissing him deeply and slowly. I knew what I wanted to do and fully planned on doing it!

I stepped back from him and boldly looked at my lover. I looked from the top of his head, past the face I already loved and continued looking and smiling as I started learning about him. He had a lovely tan, dark brown nipples, a flat, but soft, tummy. As my gaze moved lower, I saw, for the first time, his lovely penis. It was long and thick, with the softest brown curlies surrounding it. As if reading my mind, he lovingly said, " It is a cock, Rachel, not a penis. It is a cock that wants his home. You are my home, Rachel, and I ache for you." 

I stepped back to the bench and sat down, pulling Michael with me. Now he stood right before me, as I looked directly at his erect cock. I tentatively leaned forward and licked just the head, taking the tiny drop from there into my mouth. His cock responded by moving forward, as if searching for my mouth. I took a deep breath and opened my mouth, feeling a cock in my virgin mouth for the first time. He was so large, so hard, I was worried about choking or not being enough for him. His fingers were in my hair, he was murmuring, saying I should take my time, enjoy myself and stop if I felt uncomfortable.

We had talked about this so many times on the phone. I had imagined his cock in my mouth, the texture, the taste. I just did what came naturally. I opened my mouth and let my tongue slowly swirl around the velvety head. Just that. I would carefully lick away any pre-come, savoring it. Then I would return to my slow licking and nibbling. Occasionally, I would clasp the entire head into my mouth and just suck on it, just the head. He seemed to like that. His fingers would tighten on my scalp and he would move his hips closer to me. I grew bolder as I realized how much he liked what I was doing, and slid my lips down the underside of his cock. 

The amazing thing was how much bigger it could become. If I was impressed by my first sight of it, I was now totally in awe. The more I touched or licked, the larger and harder it became. I nibbled at the base of his cock, as I listened to his moans and sighs. I ran my tongue up the underside and engulfed the head in my hot little mouth, sucking softly. Each time I did this, there seemed to be more precome waiting for me. I let the tip of my tongue slip into his tiny slit, catching droplets as he produced them. I lingered at the spot where the head met the shaft, the little V, and I quickly flicked that spot over and over. 

As my mouth and tongue made love to his cock, my hands were on his ass, stroking them, learning them. I moved my soft little hands up and down his thighs, feeling the strength of his muscles, the softness of his skin. As he stood before me, enjoying my explorations, I heard him say to touch him....THERE. My hands reached up and cupped his full balls. His long, slow YESSSSSSSSSSSSSS told me I had picked the right spot. I let my fingers travel over his full, swinging balls, learning the texture, the feel, the weight. I was feeling quite skilled by now, making my man moan and sigh like this. I boldly lowered my mouth down his shaft, taking more into my mouth. My head bobbed up and down as I lovingly sucked his hard cock further into my mouth. 

We had discussed this so many times on the phone, whether I would swallow his come if I had the opportunity. In theory, I always thought I would. Now, it was no longer theory. All I could think about was how much I wanted to taste this man, swallow him, have part of him in me. So I continued my ministrations, sucking and licking and massaging. His hips were moving back and forth. His moans were louder. His hands in my hair were more demanding. I caressed his balls and sucked his cock, wanting him to explode in my virgin mouth, to fill me. I heard him saying my name, and trying to pull back. I couldn't stop now. 

His fingers became steely as they held my head to him. His already huge cock swelled further and suddenly exploded in my mouth. I started swallowing faster and faster as his hot come filled my mouth repeatedly. I sucked and sucked, feeling him slowing finally. Now, his cock was soft, smaller. Now, like a kitten, I licked and cleaned and loved his cock. His fingers were softly playing in my hair now. I looked up at my lover, my true lover now, and smiled. He sat down on the bench and pulled me into his lap. I rested my head against his shoulder and smiled as I listened to his heart beating.