 The scent of the lilacs simmered through Samantha’s nostrils; the aroma flooding her body. She liked the sweet fragrance, and took another sniff, filling her lungs. Smiling, she stepped away from the vase, and inspected her handiwork. The evenly distributed Lilacs were a delightful sight. Robbie, her husband, would like them too.

Samantha continued to check the living room, looking for anything out of order. It had been a month since Robbie went on his business trip. It was one of his longer trips, and a romantic afternoon at home seemed like a good idea. She hoped Robbie felt the same and wouldn’t be too tired for some conversation and a meal. Samantha wanted everything to be perfect for him, and that included her. Her reflection in the full body length mirror on the wall was satisfactory. She wore Robbie’s favorite outfit, even though it didn’t align with her taste. The blouse was too tight and thin. Its cleavage was low cut and her ample breasts looked like melons on display. Samantha turned around and looked at her butt. The skirt accentuated her curves. Was she getting taller? No, that’s absurd! She had just never noticed the skirt was so short. Well, never mind. Lisa moved her hands over her lower back and ass. There was another reason she hoped Robbie wouldn’t be too tired. After all, she had been alone for a month and a woman has needs....

The phone’s ring cut Samantha’s daydreams short. She hurried to the table at the living room’s center, rushing to pick up the phone. Her breasts jumped up and down with every step. After what looked like ages, she picked up the phone. Her breasts jumped up and down with every step. After what looked like ages, she picked up the phone and sat on the sofa.

“Sam?” she heard Robbie asking.

Samantha smiled as she held the handset with both her hands.

“Robbie, honey, how are you? Are you on your way home?”

“Hi Sam, I’m fine. How about you?”

“Oh’ I’m great. When are you coming?”

“About that, Sam. It seems like I’d have to stay here a bit more.”

Samantha’s shoulders sagged. She stood up and started pacing the length of the table.

“Well, you’re just going to be late, right? I’ve planned the entire evening for us.”

“Sam, baby, I’m pitching a sale to this new client. It would take about a week.”

“A week?” Samantha’s jaw fell. She pushed an errant curl back to its place. “Are you serious? This is really disappointing.”

Robbie’s voice lowered an octave. “I’m sorry, honey. This is important. I’ll make it up to you. I promise.”

Sighing, Samantha sat on the sofa with a thud. She let her left hand fall on her thigh.

“Never mind. It’s not a big deal.”

“Thanks baby. I knew you’d understand. I owe you one.”

“All right, Robbie. I’ll see you later. Bye.”

“Bye, Sam.”

Samantha returned the headset to the phone’s cradle. She let out a sigh and mumbled, “Damn”, moving her head from side to side with her lips pursed. She looked around the room. All her preparations went down the drain. All of that hard work had been for nothing. What on earth got into Robbie? Since when had his job become more important than their marriage? a thought crossed her mind like a ray of light. She sat on the sofa abruptly. Was he cheating on her? Was that the reason for his delay?

Samantha leaned back slowly. Robbie would have never cheated on her. She thought back to the past six months. There were no suspicious clues, no unexplainable absentees and no mysterious phone calls. Robbie wasn’t cheating on her. True, their sex life had lost a bit of its zest. A few years back, they were at it like rabbits, but it seemed Robbie got less and less interested.

Samantha looked down at her cleavage. Well, she was definitely not going to cheat on Robbie, but she still had needs. Another thought crossed her mind. She could...you know...please herself. Samantha jerked her head up. Bad idea. She wasn’t a horny teenager anymore. She was a married woman of twenty-five years old. Samantha looked down again. She thought she had felt her left nipple move a little, pushing against the fabric of her bra. She crossed her legs and wiggled her right foot. She uncrossed her legs.

Hell, once won’t hurt, won’t it? For all she knew, Robbie could be playing with himself right now in his motel room. Keeping that in mind, Samantha licked her lips and started breathing heavily. She rubbed her chest above her breasts with her right hand. Using both her hands, she tugged at the shirt’s edges, pulling the buttons against their loops.

Samantha moaned as she felt her nipples awakening. She cupped her breasts, moving her hands on her shirt. A smile found its way to her lips as her body relaxed. It was so good, everything else seemed to go away. Massaging her breasts, her fingers moved and found their place on the shirt’s buttons. She opened the top buttons and moved the shirt’s edges, exposing her bra.

Expecting an erotic encounter with Robbie, she wore what she referred to as her “whore bra”. The bra supported the lower part of her breasts, but left much of her tits exposed. Samantha squeezed her tits as she extended her head and groaned. She definitely needed this. Raising her head and looking back at her swelling breasts, she opened two more buttons. The bra’s cups were entirely exposed now.

Samantha kept rubbing and squeezing her breasts. Only her moans interrupted her deep breaths. Her nipples started to ache as they erected. It was time to release them.

Samantha’s hands took her tits and pulled them out of their prison, pushing the bra below them. Samantha sighed as she saw the hardened nipples swelling and the areolas growing dark.

She pressed her breasts, rubbing them from all sides and holding her nipples between her thumbs and forefingers. Closing her eyes and grinning, she imagined Robbie was with her. She whispered Robbie’s name, and smiled. As though having a will of their own, Samantha’s legs spread, making room for the turmoil between them. She felt her crotch getting warm. It would need some attention soon.

For the second time that day, it was a noise that interfered with Samantha’s plans. A cough, to be more precise. Samantha gasped. She instinctively covered her breasts with her shirt, and looked back to the sound’s origin. Her eyes widened and her jaw fell. To her horror, she saw Jeff standing about a meter away. Jeff was the neighbor’s son. HE had been mowing Robbie and Samantha’s lawn for the past couple of years. Jeff had recently turned 19, and was going to enlist to the army in the fall but kept mowing the lawn.He always came to collect his salary on the tenth of the month. The realization hit Samantha so hard, it hurt. Today was the tenth. How could she had forgotten? Jeff had probably just finished mowing the lawn and entered through the back door like he did on every tenth of the month.

Samanthaa stood up and faced Jeff.

“Jeff, How are you? I’m so sorry. Please have a seat. I’m sorry.”

Samantha’s mind raced as Jeff sat on the far side of the sofa. Shit’ he saw her from the back, but he probably noticed her fondling her breasts. He would probably tell his prets what a slut his neighbor is. How could she show her face in the neighbourhood? Had he taken photos with his phone? This was a catastrophe. Samantha felt tears welling in her eyes. She started talking rapidly, “Jeff, I’m so sorry. I hadn’t remembered it was your payday. I don’t normally do this. It’s just -- I’m alone now with Robbie out of town. I’m so sorry. Please don’t tell anyone. It’s not what you think...”

“Whoa, Miss Jay 1 stop for a sec.” Jeff faced Samantha with his arms stretched and his palms spread.

Samantha, still shocked, stopped talking. She stared at Jeff.

“It’s okay, Miss Jay. I get it. Sometimes I get urges too. It’s alright.”

Samantha wiped her right eye. “You really think so?” she replied.

“Sure,” said Jeff, smiling. “You’re a young woman. Your husband’s away. It’s just sex. There’s nothing wrong about it.”

Samantha felt her heart return to its regular rhythm. “I’m so glad you think so,” she said.

“Sure, sure,” said Jeff as he cocked his head slightly. “No worries.”

An awkward silence settled as Samantha and Jeff looked at each other.

“Would it help if I touched them?”

Samantha jerked her head as though slapped. “I’m sorry. What was that again?”

“Your boobs,” said Jeff. “Would it help if I held your boobs?”

Samantha opened her mouth and then closed it. She heard herself saying, “Well, yes, I guess.”

Jeff moved closer to Samantha. He held the left side of her shirt with his left hand. Samantha felt her heart miss a beat. Nothing but the shirt separated Jeff’s hand from her. Jeff took the right margins of the shirt in his right hand, trembling slightly. Samantha took a deep breath; her boobs lifted, rubbing against Jeff’s hands. He swallowed hard and gently pulled the shirt open, exposing Samantha.

Jeff leaned back and sighed. His shoulders dropped. He put his hands on his knees. Jeff smiled and raised his hands to Samantha’s face.

“You’ve got a great rack, Miss Jay. I could look at it all day long.”

Samantha blushed and lowered her gaze.

“Thanks, Jeff. It’s nice of you to say so.” She leaned a bit forward, moving toward Jeff.

“Would you like to feel them?”

Jeff nodded. He sent his right hand first, reaching for Samantha’s breasts. A few centimeters before touching skin, he hesitated and looked at Samantha. She nodded and said, “It’s alright. Go ahead.”

Jeff stroke the outer side of her right breast lightly with the back of his fingers. Samantha leaned forward and a little to her left. Jeff continued his caressing, using the tips of his fingers, drawing the motion further and joining more and more of his fingers. It was not long before he moved his entire hand back and forth, caressing the full circumference of her breast up the nipple. Jeff’s hand kept moving, changing pace and course.

Jeff looked at Samantha. “Can I take your bra off?”

Samantha nodded. Jeff leaned forward and put his arms around Samantha. She felt his warm breath on her ear and his hands unhooking her bra. His chin touched her shoulder. She felt her nipples react as his shirt rubbed against them.

Jeff whispered in Samantha’s ear, “May I kiss you?”

Samantha pushed Jeff away. He looked at her wide eyed and began to open his mouth, forming some sort of an apology. Samantha’s eyes gleamed, her heart raced, and her skin started to tingle, in some places more than others. She hugged Jeff and kissed his mouth. His eyes remained widened as her tongue explored him. Samantha squeezed his lower back, pulling him onto her. Her hands went inside the waistband of his pants as her mouth locked on his lips. The hunger within her dominated her mind and chased away all other thoughts. Kissing Jeff wetted her appetite.

Samantha left Jeff and leaned backwards, reaching for her shirt and bra straps and pulling them away from her, nearly tearing them. Jeff sat dazed, gasping for air. He looked at her breasts. His eyes ran all over her naked top. Samantha took his hands in hers and covered her tits with them. She looked into his eyes and opened her mouth a bit, as though thinking what to say.

Jeff didn’t utter a word. He started rubbing, caressing, holding, massaging. Samantha leaned backwards on her hands, smiling and moaning. Her head swung back as Jeff lifted her breasts, caressing the nipples with his thumbs. Samantha groaned and raised her head, looking at Jeff with glazed eyes.

“Thanks, I needed that,” she said. A smile played on her lips. She lowered her head, letting her hair fall. “What’s that?” she asked.

“What’s what?” said Jeff, still preoccupied with Samantha’s areolas. He wondered if she’d let him kiss and suck them. They were so dark with those erect nipples. He would gladly pay...

“That.” Samantha’s voice interrupted his train of thought. Her hand was pointing downward. Jeff followed her pointing finger all the way to his crotch. Even the jeans he was wearing weren’t enough to conceal his growing hard-on.

“Oh, I’m sorry. It’s nothing,” said Jeff as he moved away from Samantha, crossing his legs, trying in vain to hide the bulge in his pants.

Samantha craned her head. “It doesn’t look like nothing.”

Jeff stopped his futile attempts of hiding his imprisoned erection and sat straight.

“Shit,” said Jeff as he looked between his legs. He looked back at Samantha. “I really hope you don’t think I’m some kind of pervert. I didn’t mean for this to happen. It’s just that you’re so hot, and I broke up with my girlfriend three weeks ago...” Jeff stopped talking and shrugged his shoulders. “Do you mind if I use your bathroom for a while?” he asked.

Samantha moved her eyes back to Jeff’s face. “You wanted to help. Do you know what would really help?” asked Samantha. “Show it to me.”

Jeff cocked his head. He didn’t move. Samantha leaned her elbow on the headrest and supported her chin with her right hand.

“What?” she said, spreading her arms. “I showed you my breasts.”

Jeff clenched his hands and stirred a little. His mouth twisted a bit. “Just promise not to laugh,” he said.

Jeff stood up, a bit bent, and faced Samantha. Relief flooded his face as he unbuttoned his jeans. Without delaying, he unzipped his pants and let them fall to his ankles.

Jeff straightened up, his package straining against his underwear. Samantha watched fascinated as his cock moved in his underwear like a cat under a blanket, trying to find its way out.

“Just remember, you promised not to laugh.”

Jeff held the front of his tormented underwear and pulled them forward. He looked again at Samantha, his eyes begging, but she didn’t budge. In one swift motion, he dropped his underwear to his ankles.

Samantha gasped and put her hand to her mouth as she watched the freak show. Jeff continued to look at her.

“I know, Miss Jay, I’ve heard all the jokes from my ex-girlfriend.”

Jeff’s cock was fat and long like one of those zucchinis at the farmer’s market. It pointed diagonally at Samantha’s head. Jeff’s balls hung below its base. Each was as big as a plum. Their sack contracted in front of Samantha’s eyes, making Jeff spread his hip to make room for the twin monsters. Three veins ran the course of the cock from its base to the head, engorged like leeches. The entire dick throbbed with Jeff’s pulse, but the fire -- red head was not only throbbing. It was moving with every throb in a different direction, up and down, round and round. The slit at the tip opened and closed like a tiny mouth, searching for something.

“Yeah,” Jeff said. “I know. It looks bigger than me. It looks like a puppet on a chain. It moves more than a vibrator. It controls me/ I should use it as a coat hanger and so on and so on.”

“Samantha’s jaw fell. She asked, “How do you even...”

Jeff interrupted her. “Once it’s hard, it’s only sex or jerking it. Fleshlights and such hurt. Touching the head hurts. I usually begin massaging my balls with shaving cream and work my way up. It usually gives in after about ten minutes of vigorous rubbing.”

Samantha moved her head slightly to the left. She raised her left brow. “Do you even like jerking that thing?”

Jeff closed his hands into fists. “It’s not funny.” He raised his voice. “I can’t wear shorts. I can’t go to the beach. There was a time I was afraid to get out of the house. It took just one look at a woman with tight clothing to start me up. My family and me went to the mall once. There was this woman. Well....she was a bit like you.” Jeff drew his hands to his chest, holding imaginary boobs. “She had this fantastic cleavage. I just couldn’t take my eyes off her. It got so hard it hurt. I practically ran to the nearest restroom. I told my family I had diarrhea.”

Samantha kept gazing at Jeff’s crotch. That thing looked so hard, it could fuck anything. Those balls looked like they had enough sperm to fill a pill box. She had half a loaf of bread in the kitchen. She bet Jeff could fuck that. She wondered if he’d let her take pictures and then watch her eat the cum soaked bread.

“Well,” sighed Jeff, “Can I use your bathroom?”

Samantha stood up, saying, “I have a better idea.” She walked towards Jeff and pushed him to the sofa. Jeff fell and raised himself to a sitting position, losing his lowered pants in the process.. He looked forward, meaning to ask, “What the fuck?”. It came out more like “Whaaa”. Instead of talking, Jeff swallowed hard. Miss Jay was kneeling in front of him, sitting on her heels. She put her hands on his knees and spread his thighs.

“Honey, there’s nothing wrong with having erections. All you need is a woman to give you a hand, Samantha giggled at her pun, “or a pussy. Here, let me take care of it for you.”

Samantha wrapped her left hand around the cock’s base and took it in her mouth, bobbing up and down, sucking the throbbing beast. She withdrew her mouth and looked at Jeff, continuing to rub his cock with her hand in a slow rhythm.

“Oh, look at that. It already looks better,” she said.

Jeff’s cock stopped throbbing. It sat in Samantha’s hand, pointing upwards. Samantha grunted. She looked at Jeff and pulled her tongue out slowly, proceeding to lick the cock from its base to the head. She took the head in her mouth, sucking it for half a minute, using her tongue to explore everywhere.

Samantha raised her head and licked her lips. She resumed rubbing the cock and looked at Jeff.

“Jeff, baby, isn’t that better than playing with yourself in the mall’s restroom?”

Saliva was dripping from the top of the cock down to the corona. Little blobs began to drip from the corona’s edge on Samantha’s hand and on Jeff’s pubic hair and balls. Jeff was breathing audibly. He spread his legs like a pair of compasses. Beads of sweat ran down his forehead. His hands clenched the fabric of the sofa on his sides.

“Please, Miss Jay, take it once more. I’ll do anything. I’ll pay you.”

A warning bell rang in Samantha’s head, tensing her back muscles. She wasn’t a whore. Should she say something? Samantha looked at Jeff’s cock and licked her lips. Who was she kidding? She was half naked in the living room, giving the lawnmower a blowjob. Even if she wasn’t technically a whore, she was damn close.

Samantha took the cock in her mouth, bobbing her head up and down. Simultaneously, she used her left hand to rub Jeff’s balls back and forth rapidly. Jeff took hold of Samantha’s hair. He moaned as his pelvis began to rock on the sofa. Samantha felt Jeff’s balls move under her hand. His dick stared to throb in her mouth. She couldn’t let him come. Not yet.

Samantha gave Jeff’s balls one last fondling and stood up. Her saliva was now oozing down Jeff’s cock, lubricating it. Samantha turned around with her back to Jeff. She turned her head at Jeff and smiled.

“I love it when a man appreciates a good blowjob. Robbie is more of an ass man.”

As she said the last word, she opened the skirt’s zipper and let the skirt fall, revealing her thonged bottom. Jeff laughed and grabbed Samantha’s ass, pulling her towards him. Samantha giggled and stepped forwards. She stopped and turned around, facing Jeff.

“But I really need that cock up my snatch.”

Samantha pulled the strings of her thong, letting it fall. She was totally naked, facing Jeff.

Jeff looked at her, open mouthed.

“You’ve shaven it, “he said.

Samantha walked forward. She leaned in front of Jeff, her boobs swinging. She put her right second finger on his lips and said, “Less talking, more fucking. I’m taking you for a ride.”

Samantha spread her legs and sat on her heels, mounting Jeff. She grabbed his left shoulder with her right hand and his wet cock with her left, guiding it inside her. Jeff took Samantha’s breasts in his hands, kissing and licking them, sucking her nipples and areolas. Samantha groaned as she grinded her hips against Jeff, his cock entering her pussy. Samantha started rocking up and down, heaving and moaning. She held Jeff by both shoulders, riding him like an amusement park attraction. Her nipples were erect from the constant teasing. It felt like her breasts were on fire. She moved her ass round and round, using Jeff’s rod to stimulate her. Her clit started to tingle, but she couldn’t reach it. Samantha started to rock faster, moving her ass up and down, forwards and backwards, feeling the tide of an orgasm surge within her. She mumbled, “You’re so big. You feel so good. My god, I’m coming. I’m coming.” Samantha’s pussy twitched around Jeff’s cock as she screamed and climaxed. She loosened her grip on Jeff’s shoulders and rolled over to the other end of the sofa, panting.
