 We faced one another, our bodies pressed together as we kissed in greeting and anticipation of the day ahead of us. He put his hands on my waist and lifted me up on the counter, my legs wrapped around his hips. We continued kissing, his fingers combing my hair back from my face as we pressed closely together and our tongues played.

My nipples were hard against his chest, my hands gliding up and down his back, feeling his muscles moving so smoothly under them. Sometimes, we drew back just enough to separate our lips, but our mouths stayed so close, I was inhaling him, my delicious man, my sweet lover. I felt his cock between my legs, pressing against my shaven pussy, as if seeking entrance. I felt his heat and strength and I pulled myself closer to him, enjoying the pressure of him, but delaying his actual entry until I couldn't wait any longer. I was vaguely aware that the backyard workers have ceased their work and are gathering at the window, but I had lost all inhibitions. All I wanted was to feel my lover deep inside me, filling me and giving me pleasure. 

I unclasped my ankles, pulling my knees closer to my chest. Ah, there, now I could feel the head of his cock, that lovely silken head, as it entered me so slowly and gently. I reached down and wrapped my small hand around him, holding him lovingly and firmly. I wanted to feel the head of his cock against my throbbing clit, needed to feel him there. I moved his cock into me and started to rub my little nubbin, up and down and then I circled it, slowly. It was so incredibly good, felt so wonderful. I moved his cock faster and faster against my clit. My breath was coming quickly, I was saying his name and asking him to please, please help me....

The roar was building in my head, the heat in my legs was moving up my body to my center. I was so close, and he knew, he knew the signs of my impending orgasm. My darling Michael stood so still, allowing me to do it all, to rub and touch and circle in my own time, at my own speed. I leaned forward and placed my lips on his shoulder, calling his name as the wave hit me. I was holding him tightly and coming...coming so hard, so fast.

My lips parted as my teeth met his flesh. I was holding him as if my life depended on it, holding him to anchor me to this world, when all I wanted to do is spin off into space and never let this feeling end. When I finally came back to him, I was clutching him and sighing, little spasms still shaking my body and my pussy. My hand is still wrapped tightly around his cock, which is now even larger and hotter. I looked into his eyes, seeing the love and patience there. I am blushing, I could feel the heat in my face. Michael chuckled and held my chin, looking into my eyes. 

"Nothing we do is embarrassing, nothing we need is wrong", he said. I nodded at him, understanding that I was free to love this man the way I dreamed of doing. I slowly slid his cock right into my depths, that pink, hot, wet place I have just for him, his home. Even though I have had him there before, I still gasp at the sensation of being totally full of my lover. My legs wrap around his waist and I pull him even closer, until I can feel his curlies pressed against my smooth pussy. My hands moved to his hips as I encouraged him to set up a rhythm inside me, to move inside me with speed and strength. I could hear the men at the window, hear them breathing raggedly, as we made love directly in front of them, but I didn't

care. I had my lover inside me, making love to me, pleasuring me as I pleasured him. I felt the heat inside me building again. I looked into his eyes and said, "please?" and he nodded, pulling me closer to him as my orgasm made me shudder and clutch him and cry out in joy. Then I felt him join me as he exploded, saying my name and then crying out. I felt his cock so deep within me, throbbing and pouring his come into me. I used my inner muscles to massage him, to milk him and empty him completely. I lowered my head to his 

chest and rested against his heart, listening to the strong steady beat as it finally slowed and returned to normal. 

We clung to each other, waiting until the world stopped spinning and we could breathe once again. I lifted my head from his chest and smiled at him, feeling shy and vulnerable. His return smile was a wonderful sight, full of tenderness and caring. I allowed myself the pleasure of just looking at him, his lovely, strong face, his expressive eyes. I allowed myself to fall into him even further. He helped me down from the counter, put his arm around my waist and walked me to the bed. Gently, he helped me get comfortable in my nest of pillows. Then he went to the sink and wet a cloth and brought it to me. Michael opened my legs and so gently washed me with a warm, soapy cloth, rinsing me and patting me dry. Then he kissed my pretty, clean pussy, causing me to start aching again. 

He sat beside me, his back against pillows, holding me and talking with me. I reached for his lovely cock, moving my mouth close to it and licking it. Like a little kitten, my tongue reached out over and over again, cleaning him and making his cock all shiny. I love this, taking his sweet, soft cock into my mouth, licking it and loving it and feeling it grow to its full hardness as I wrapped my soft, pink lips around it. He was talking with me, but seemed to have trouble concentrating. His hand is in my hair, combing through it, holding it back so he could watch me loving his...no, MY cock. My hand slides down to caress his balls, massaging them and just memorizing the feel of them. As I moved to straddle his lap, I noticed that the workers have given up all pretense of caring for my yard. They were standing at the window, most of them with glazed eyes and hands out of sight. I didn't care. If anything, it was more exciting to me to know they were watching...maybe even envying my lover. 

He was leaning against the pillows, his legs stretched out in front. I straddled him, his hard cock pressed against my pussy. He made it throb and smiled at my reaction. I held one breast out to him, placing my hand on his nape and bringing his mouth to my hard nipple. He opened his mouth and closed his eyes and started to suck on me with such hunger. All these years married to Jim and I had never had a mouth suckle me, take my nipple and make love to it.

Now I had this wonderful lover, pulling my nipple deep into his mouth and making the nerves tingle and throb. I hear a moan deep in his throat. It excited me so much to know I pleased him. I leaned back, arching my back to give him more access. Then, as if for a baby, I break the suction of his mouth. I needed his attention on my other nipple, the one that was hard and aching and so hungry for his touch. Ah, his mouth latched on, he was sucking hungrily again, his fingernails raking gently and then more insistently on the other breast. I was breathing faster, moving my pelvis against his hardness...wanting him inside me but holding off until it is impossible to wait another minute. My hands were in his hair. I was kissing his head, his ears, wherever my mouth could reach. 

Celine Dion was singing...Falling Into You...yes, I am...I am his...I want only him. I want to belong to him. I want to fall into him so completely. God, his mouth on my nipple is so exquisite, pulling softly then roughly, licking, nibbling, sucking, just breathing. He was driving me crazy, making me moan and beg. I want him to fuck me, fuck me deep and hard and fast. I sat up straighter and felt his cock slip between my legs, the tip touching my slit. I reached down and wrapped my fingers around his hardness, moving the velvet tip up and down along my newly shaven pussy, his pre-come lubricating his way. I was holding his hot cock in my hand when suddenly he released my nipple and lifted his face to meet mine. We kissed, his tongue plunging wildly into my mouth and moving quickly, touching everywhere, tasting everywhere. When the kiss ended, he looked into my eyes and I saw the fire and need in his beautiful eyes. 

He simply said, "yes", then he plunged his cock, MY cock, deeply into my hungry, wet cunt, deep, fast and very hard. I cried out! The men were cheering, telling him that he should give her what she wants, make her happy. He looked at the men and nodded his head and smiled. His hands were on my ass, holding me and lifting me up and down on his hard cock, setting the pace as he moved in and out of my hot pussy. I looked at him. Smiling, I asked if I had ever told him the story of my twat? It was a nice little twat, minding her own business most days, quietly just there in my panties. She had been a good little twat all these years. Then, I think of Michael and I find myself in possession of a pussy, a hungry little pussy, hot and pink, wanting him.

Then, ah, then, he came to me...I went to him...and that sweet little pussy became a cunt. A devouring, needy cunt, needy for him, devouring him, deep into my hot pinkness, my smooth heat. This is the home I have ready for him, just him. As I told him this, I felt his cock moving smoothly into me, staying longer each stroke, feeling the way my cunt sheaths him, holds him in place. I stopped moving and just flexed my muscles, the ones that gripped him tightly when he is inside me. He smiled. I heard that delicious sound, the one made by a hot, wet cock inside a needy cunt. That is us, that is our music. Finally, he lifted me off his cock and slowly and deeply set me back down. My muscles are gripping him so tightly. I was kissing his mouth and whispering how much he meant to me. The men are silent now, watching. I felt him tensing inside me. His finger reached between us and found my sensitive little clit and rubbed so quickly and firmly. The heat was building inside me. 

I kept saying his name, "please, please, help me," As I exploded, my body started shaking and trembling. He held me close until my eyes focused again. Then I felt his swelling. He kissed me deeply as I felt his come filling me.