 Alexa stood beneath the white backwards umbrellas, a slight sense of anxiety mixed with anticipation before each shutter click as she changed poses. 

"Ok, I like it, lets try with both hands behind your head, chest out, chin up, perfect!" Directed Kevin from just beyond the reach of the soft white lights, where he stood with his camera clicking away. Each click brought a flash from the umbrellas, and she followed his directions in a determined but relaxed speed. 

She was wearing a narrow yellow tube top and matching bikini bottoms, only just large enough to cover what needed to be covered but leaving lots of skin to tease with. Thankfully Kevin had adjusted the heat when she arrived so that the studio remained comfortably warm. 

"I think that covers what we need, any other ideas before we close up shop?" He asked. She had been expecting him to say as much, usually their shoots only lasted about an hour. 

"I do actually, but I'm not sure if its something you actually would be interested in." Alexa said with a smirk, but looking away nervously as she played with the strings on the side of her bikini bottoms. 

"Well, now you have me intrigued. What's the thought?" Kevin laughed as he walked over to a small table and changed the SD card in his camera. 

"Theres a job I could get, but they want someone with adult modeling experience, I don't really want to do that, but I have another idea." She replied, a bit of a look of determination flashing across her face. 

"What?" He laughed, snapping his card door shut as he turned around, "What exactly is the job?" 

"Well, its a sexual confidence class, their looking for a model, its a bit complicated, but the point is, I want some photos that look very sexual, but aren't what they look like." She blurted out in a quick rushed voice, seemingly trying to say her piece before she ran out of confidence of her own. 

"So nude, but not nude." He replied seriously. 

"Well no, nude is fine. But I want them to look, sexual. But without actually having sex." She answered, turning away and turning a light shade of red under the soft lights.

"Ok. I think I know what you mean. We can figure something out, find a male model. We could go ahead and do some nudes today though, work up to something like that in increments." He said with a slightly softer tone, and a gentle smile. 

"That sounds perfect!" She giggled in reply, hopping slightly in excitement. "Where do I start?" 

"This backdrop is too tabloidy, let's use a prop. In the office I have an old backseat from an Impala that we use as a couch, lets use that to begin." Kevin decided as he clipped an external flash to the top of his camera and waved her to follow him. 

He lead her into the office, where the bench seat sat on one side of the room, and a regular couch sat across from it. She sat down as he started clicking on lights. 

"I do a few shoots in here, so I have some lights set up. The flash will take care of everything else, lets start on your knees, in the middle of the seat, facing me with your hands pushing your hair back." He directed and started moving around her, clicking the shutter as she hit her poses. 

"Ok turn with your back to me, push your ass out a little and look back at me." He continued, and his flash lit the room in a strobing brilliance. 

As usual, she hit her stride and started taking lead. She turned her back to him, walked her fingers down her sides and looped her thumbs in the tops of her bikini bottoms. Kevin crouched and started shooting from behind, as she slowly started pushing the bottoms down, slowly exposing her pale freckled ass cheeks, and just a hint of her clean shaven pussy. 

"Fantastic, beautiful, lay back with your legs in the air over the arm rest." He continued and she obliged, tilting her head off of the seat as she lifted her legs and pushed the bottoms past her knees. 

Kevin had walked over to the armrest, shooting down at her and standing just beyond her opened legs. After she finished removing the bikini, she rolled back up onto her knees, her face in front of him now, and level with the camera, leaving her naked ass just out of focus of her portrait, biting her bottom lip naughtily.

"Sexy, I love it, now raise up" He said, clicking away at the shutter as she sat up, rocked back on her knees, and pulled her tube top off and over her head, exposing her pert freckled breast to the full view of James and the camera. 

Then he moved to the side, sat on the opposing couch shooting from a lower angle, and she laid down, sliding her hands up and down her body sensually, covering her breasts teasingly, and fluttering her eyes in mock orgasmic pleasure. 

Then she rolled off of the seat, and started to crawl towards Kevin, eyeing the camera's point of view hungrily and licking her lips. As she reached him, and he widened his zoom to an 18mm, she walked her hands up his calves to his knees, and slid her hands up his thighs. 

"No actual sex, but lets make it look convincing." She whispered with a mischievous grin.

"As long as you're comfortable with it, you look amazing. You do you." He replied, and his shutter flurried away as her hands worked at his jeans, sliding them off of his hips and exposing a large, quickly hardening cock. 

She kept eye contact with the camera, her hands planted firmly on his thighs, being careful to not make any actual contact with his erect member, but her mouth danced around him, her breath warm and sensual against his skin. 

He dipped the camera low, and she dove down, sliding his cock against her cheek, making it appear that she had engulfed it by putting her face between it and the camera. She bobbed up and down, slowly at first, his cock brushing lightly now and again against her cheek, but as she sped up the contact became greater and greater, and drops of precum began to slide across her cheek. 

Then she raised up, and finally grabbed his cock with her hand, tilting it forward toward her, and slowly lowered it toward her open mouth, but stopping just short of contact. A drop of precut swelled from him, and trickled down onto her waiting lips as she pretended to engulf his engorged cock. 

She pulled back only slightly, and looked to the camera as she licked her lip clean. She missed the beat though when she pulled his cock back to her waiting lips, and caused her tongue to play across him gently, leaving him moaning lightly with anticipation and lust. 

She rose up out of his lap, staring the camera down as she stood up, and straddled his lap, pushing him down so that he could keep her in frame. 

Her hand slid down his chest and gripped his cock, dragging it across the wet lips of her soft pussy as she looked up toward the ceiling and let out a deep moan and plunged down, pushing his cock just behind her, to the camera it appeared to be inside her, and she started to rock. 

With each roll of her hips, his cock slid against her soaked pussy, and as she slid her hands up his chest, it lost its position behind her, and slid forward and up across her clit causing her to tremble and grind down harder onto him. 

With a free hand he grabbed her hip, and with a downward nudge he felt a warmth spread across him as his cock plunged into the depths of her warm and waiting pussy. 

She leaned up and started to bounce on his throbbing member, the room becoming filled with the sound of smacking bodies and clicking shutters as she slid her hands up her body and grasped her breasts, rolling her nipples in her thumbs as she moaned in passion and rocked his cock inside her. 

Suddenly a click could be heard from the studio, and a door swung open followed by the sound of a female voice. 

"Shit, its Carol, Shh, we have..." Kevin tried to warn Alexa, but she grabbed his wrists with her hands and drove down harder onto his cock, bouncing as fast and hard as she could, causing the couch to thump into the wall. 

"Thats the spot Kevin! Fuck me! Fuck me! Give me your cum baby, let me feel you fill me! Fill me with cum Kevin!" She started to yell, rolling her hips as she bounced, feeling his cock slide deeper than ever into her and he started to tense up. 

The door to the office swung open with a bang, just as she leaned down onto him, kissing him passionately and dragging her finger nails down his side. She felt him shiver and break loose and in short jets warmth flowed into her as his cum filled her waiting pussy. 

They slowed to a stop, turned staring at the door, and suddenly a short, blonde girl grinning ear to ear slid around the door. 

"But you're not, who, " He stammered but he was caught silent as Alexa slid his cock out of her, he shivered slightly from the sensation, and his cum poured down her pale freckled thigh. 

A shutter snapped, and she looked down and caught him still holding the camera. 

"Never one to miss a shot?" She teased with a smile, before nodding to the blonde girl. "This is my friend. She came to pick me up, I thought I might up the intensity though when I heard her come in. Sorry. "

A flash of relief flooded his face as he looked over at the girl. "I guess I can't pretend I didn't enjoy the rush. We should clean up though, this really isn't the way my shoots tend to go."