 One thing we never discussed was our geographical proximity. We both pretended that we weren't 30 minutes apart and could meet in the middle in 15 minutes. That topic was too tempting. I had told myself as long as we sat safely at our computers typing, we would be safe from all the evils. Yet, now, I was lying on my bed, my heart pounding in my chest, waiting to hear Michael's voice for the first time. Even though I was expecting it, when the phone rang, I jumped. With a shaking hand, I lifted the receiver and heard the magic of his voice for the first time as he said my name. I had always loved my name, but today, "Rachel" sounded absolutely beautiful. I swallowed and said my first hello to this dear man. He laughed and said he was terrified. I told him I felt like a cartoon character with my heart making an outline on my shirt as it beat. Suddenly, everything was all right. I wasn't scared anymore and he didn't sound as nervous. We began talking and the words tripped over one another. I couldn't talk fast enough. Neither could he. We talked and laughed and even cried. The morning flew by as we shared our thoughts. I knew we had crossed an important line, that there was no going back.

Now, instead of going to the computer, I would get up each day and shower and brush my teeth, redress and get into bed to wait for his call. Each day, I would think this couldn't continue. I knew he would get tired of me and my simple thoughts. But each day, we eagerly talked as long as possible, still sharing so much.

One day, while laughing at something I said, he said, "Oh, I love you!" And the conversation stopped. "I do love you. I meant to say it in a better way, but I am glad it is out," he said. And I said the words that I had been fighting to keep inside...that I loved him too.

So the daily talks continued, but he now told me things he wanted for me. He wanted me happy, smiling, loved. When I didn't protest, he went on to say how he would make me happy. At first, the ways to my happiness included little love notes or presents. Then as Michael became bolder, he offered me various loving ways to make me happy. I began to dress for our calls. I would get showered and then into a sexy teddy or panties....or sometimes I would talk with him while naked. After all the years of behaving, doing nothing even slightly wrong, now I just wanted to revel in his love and thoughts. While he told me what he would be doing, I could feel it. I felt his mouth and tongue loving me. I knew when his fingers were deep inside me, feeling my pink.

Talking to him, listening to him, I found myself coming repeatedly. I would call out his name, beg him to love me. He taught me the words to use. I wanted him to fuck me. I had a sweet twat that became a hungry pussy at the thought of him and then became a raging pink cunt when he was fucking me. I learned the words and learned to say them without stammering. He rented a mailbox for me, with a key for both of us. Once, on a visit to our town, he left me a lovely blue vibrator, with a lifetime supply of batteries. Soon, I couldn't wait for my morning loving from this incredible man. I found myself doing anything he asked. Once, when the lawn guys were outside, he told me to stand at the window and touch myself for him. I did this gladly. The men loved it, but Michael loved it even more. He liked that I wanted to please him. He would shop in my town and then suggest something for me to buy. I would go to the Mall and purchase what he requested and then wear it the next day. 

On Friday morning, toward the end of our conversation, he told me he had a wonderful surprise planned for Monday. He wouldn't tell me about it, I had to wait until Monday morning. The only thing he would say is that I should dress very nicely after my morning shower that day, even look like Donna Reed if I wanted to. He absolutely refused to tell me more. I was lying in bed, my blue toy between my legs, the wetness from my lovely pussy all over my thighs. I wanted this man so much. He laughingly told me to come for him...and then started whispering all the words I had come to crave. I came hard, calling his name out loud as I shuddered from delicious spasms. He held me for a few minutes, until my breathing returned to normal, then told me he would call Monday. 

The weekend was endless.

To Be Continued...