 I rested against him and listened to his heartbeat return to normal. I heard him chuckle deep in his chest and smiled against him. His hands were running up and down my naked side, just touching and learning. I felt myself getting ready, felt the heat gathering in my center. 

All my married life, I had been told that sex was a onetime activity. You did it in the dark, you did it quickly, you satisfied your husband and you went to sleep. That was sex. That was married sex. There were no lights, no soft touches, no gentle kisses, certainly no conversation.

Now I was sitting on Michael's naked lap in bright lights and my body was exhausted from all the loving. I smiled to myself, thinking..." exhausted, but not dead". His fingers traced my body, making me squirm on his lap, making me think of all those chats about my pretty pinkness, my warm home. At first, they were just random movements, him just touching me. Then his fingers moved to my nipples. I felt the slow circles he made around the entire breast, slowly centering down to my hard nubbins. He gently pinched and flicked the sensitive skin, making them harder and making my back arch to him. He lowered his head to my aching breasts, sucking first one, then the other. I felt his hot, demanding mouth pulling on me, sucking hungrily and I kept thinking about how much I wanted him.

Michael lifted his head and smiled at me. He easily picked me up and turned me toward the mirror. My legs spread over his hips and I could feel his cock pressed against my ass. As I sat on his thighs, I watched our reflections in the mirror. I watched his hungry mouth moving on my neck, watched myself throw back my head, encouraging him. His fingers returned to my nipples and I saw the way they made love to them. I thrust my breast into his hands, willing him to touch me there forever. Then, his hands started to move. He traced the sensitive undersides of my breasts, softly moving his fingers around and around. As his hands returned to my flat abdomen, they began to slide down, moving slowly and carefully as I wriggled with anticipation. Finally, his hands rested on my thighs, my soft skin quivering under his fingers. I could see in the mirror how wanton I looked, sitting there naked and spread wide open to him. His fingers moved to my smooth mound, slipping into my hot little slit and spreading the lips. Now he could see my pinkness in all of its glory, all wet and shiny and incredibly pink. His fingers lingered there, touching and rubbing. Once he slipped two fingers deep inside me, making me cry out. With the other hand, he gently circled my clit, causing it to forget its shyness and come out to him. Watching him touching me, looking at his face in the mirror and then at his fingers busily inside me had quite an effect on me. I felt as if I were on fire, I was moaning and murmuring his name and encouraging him to continue his activities. I could feel my orgasm gathering, centering on my baby smooth pussy. 

Suddenly, he stopped everything. He looked at my surprised face in the mirror and kissed my cheek. Then he placed his hands under my arms and lifted me up and back. I could see the hardness of his cock, the thickness of it as I was lowered down on it. Finally, I felt Michael inside me. I brought my legs up on the bench seat to get some leverage and began to ride his cock. It was much thicker and longer than I was used to, but I loved the feeling of being so full of him. Sometimes I would rock back and forth, sometimes move up and down. Michael returned the finger to my clit and I could hear how wet it was as he rubbed it. 

I had a surprise for Michael. I stopped moving all together and just used my muscles to massage his cock. He gasped at the first stroke and then chuckled. I think he liked all the things I had learned for him. His other hand roamed freely over my body as we fucked. Up and down, up and down, I rode his hardness, trying to get him as deep inside me as possible. His finger moved faster on my clit, his breath harder in my ear. I could feel the heat moving up my legs as our eyes met in the mirror. I continued to urge him to fuck me harder and deeper as our movements became frenetic. 

Michael gave one final thrust, one last touch of my clit and we both began coming. I could feel his come shooting into me as my juices mingled with his. My pussy clamped around his cock and milked him. 

He leaned back against the wall, taking me with him. Our eyes closed and his arms wrapped around me. I could feel his heart pounding on my back, feel his breath in my hair. We remained in this position until we could breathe again. I lazily looked into the mirror and saw us, me on top of my lover, his cock still deep inside me, come sliding down my shaved pussy. We smiled at each other in the mirror, both saying, "I love you" at the same time.