 I had a dream about you last night, and this what I wrote.

I was standing on the balcony wearing my favorite black nightie with the spaghetti straps. You came up behind me and gently slid the strap off my right shoulder, carefully pushing my hair to the side and over my left shoulder. Your hands slowly fell down the length of my body, your fingers barely touching my sides. Then you kissed me softly in the spot where the strap had been laying across my skin. Slowly and gently you kissed my neck your tongue tracing a deliciously seductive path to my earlobe, as you kissed licked and sucked on it. The wind blew softly sweetly stinging those places you just licked as the moistness evaporated from my hot skin, making the hair stand up on the back of my neck. Your arms were wrapped around my body your left hand resting on my belly and your right hand cupping and carefully squeezing my right breast and nipple.

I closed my eyes and sighed deeply savoring each lick each soft caress. The sound of the waves crashing on the shore and the way the almost full moon shone a path of light directly to our feet, nothing but the black sky twinkling with stars and the ocean to see us. 

You carefully began to trace the bottom of my nightie where it fell across my upper thighs with your fingertips. Slowly you raised it higher as you rubbed my bare skin, lifting it up revealing my round bottom. Gently you lifted my right leg and foot, resting it on the small table next to where I was standing so that my legs were spread ever so slightly apart. I gasped with pleasure. You rubbed your hand gently up and down the length of my upper thigh down and around to my swollen now wet slit. I could feel your hardness pressing up against my bare ass through your shorts, and I wanted it to be inside me. 

I arched my back slightly pushing into your hard throbbing cock as you carefully began to rub my clit. It sent chills through me and my nipples stood erect with the soft breeze blowing across them tickling them even more. I moaned with pleasure as my body began to release the sweet silky wetness from between my legs. Slowly you inserted one finger then two and I began to rock my hips with the motion of your fingers sliding in and out of me slowly carefully bringing me immense pleasure. Faster you stroked me until you could feel the walls of my pussy clamp down on your fingers it began to throb and pulsate as I peaked into orgasm. 

Then you led me inside to the couch and told me to lie down. You knelt down and kissed me deeply passionately. Running you hands down my body to my thighs again and you spread my legs. Softly you began to lick my wet slit tracing the lines of my lips with your tongue carefully flicking it across my clit. Again and again you licked up and down slowly methodically rhythmically bringing me again to an explosion of ecstasy. Like the waves crashing on the shore in the distance it washed over me and I wanted more.

As you stood in front of me I unbuttoned and unzipped your shorts letting them fall to the floor at your feet. I grabbed your hard cock in my right hand and began squeezing it carefully. Gently I stroked your balls and bare ass with my left hand before I began to lick up and down the length of your hardness. Up down and around I licked tracing your throbbing organ with my tongue before taking all of it in my mouth. I felt it touch the back of my throat and I wiggled my mouth down on it even more, and you gasped with pleasure. You stroked and caressed my hair as I sucked back and forth and back and forth up and down in slow rhythmic motion. All the while you watched as it slid in and out of my mouth disappearing into the back of my throat. I could feel it get harder between my lips, I began to massage my clit with my other hand and I sucked and licked until I came again. 

You lifted me up and told me to turn around and lean over the back of the couch and spread my legs. My pussy throbbing and aching from the orgasm I just had. Slowly you entered my slit, only the head at first. I cried out in ecstasy and I arched my back trying to push into you to make it go in deeper but you resisted and continued to torture me. 

In and out barely slowly methodically you thrust into me sending shivers of pleasure all through my body. The sensation slowly building and becoming stronger from deep inside me tickling me, filling me until I couldn't take it anymore. Harder deeper and faster your movements became and I knew I was going to have the most intense orgasm of my life. I felt it stiffen and throb inside me as you reached your peak and suddenly I felt it wash over me. 

We exploded together. Your hot juices released inside of me filling me up and tickling me deep inside my belly. My silky wetness sliding all over you covering you, and when I woke up and opened my eyes I had one hand in my panties and I was breathing heavily covered with sweat. I licked my fingers savoring the memory of the dream I just had.