 Being eighteen has been the most exciting time of my life. The last year of high school, doing fun stuff legally - except drink, of course - and looking forward to college could not be more exciting.

The only downsides were missing my father, who was killed by a drunk driver two years ago, and my boyfriend Brandon sent to Europe as part of our school's exchange student program. We met two years ago; Brandon was the only guy I'd been with sexually at the time in despite rumors on the contrary.

I could almost understand why anyone assumed I 'got around'; I'm only 5'3 but blonde with a curvy body, round ass, and a size 40C chest. My mom also has big boobs her current boyfriend enjoys, to say the least.

I love teasing Mom about being a cougar since she's forty-six and Joe thirty-three, but he's the best thing that happened to us since Dad's death. She's a night trauma nurse at the hospital, so Joe and I spend a lot of time together when he comes home from his construction business, yet he and Mom somehow have a healthy sex life.

He's laid back and easygoing, though a bit strict sometimes. We enjoy everything from cooking to watching sports together, and Joe was the one who encouraged me to try out for cheerleading. I was stuck on the junior squad until senior year when I finally made varsity.

I'm no angel nevertheless; I've gotten myself into trouble more times than anyone can count. I got out of many jams by doing things like additional chores at home or extra credit schoolwork. Mom once caught me giving Brandon a hand job in the den when she came home from grocery shopping one day and issued an ultimatum: I either got grounded for a month or attended the community center's teen sex ed workshop and Brandon could no longer visit unless she or Joe was home. It didn't matter; Brandon entered the exchange student program not long afterward, and the workshop only made me want sex more, no matter where I got it.

*****

BUSH BOND (Police Slang): When a female offers sex in exchange for avoiding arrest or a ticket.

A few weeks after seeing Brandon off to Europe, I was driving home from a party when I spotted flashing lights in my rear view mirror. I pulled over, even though I felt I wasn't going that fast.

The patrol car parked behind me and a dark-haired officer around Joe's age approached my window. My eyes wandered discreetly over his muscular body, noting how hot he looked in the beige uniform.

"Good evening, miss. How are you?"

"Okay...I guess."

"May I see your license, registration, and proof of insurance please?"

I leaned over to the glove compartment to retrieve the requested documentation and heard him suck in his breath. I realized the cut offs I wore had shifted upward, giving Sexy Cop a good look at my partially exposed ass cheeks. Pretending not to notice, I handed him the paperwork and license.

A wedding ring gleamed on his hand as he scanned my information. "Do you know why I stopped you?"

"No, not really." God, his wife is one lucky bitch, I thought.

He glanced at the cleavage peeking out of my white tank top, face flushing as his hand moved involuntarily to his crotch trying to cover a now-obvious bulge. "You were going sixty in a forty-five mile speed limit. I'll be back in a few minutes."

An idea formed in my head. I've heard of women using their "assets" to get out of precarious situations and decided to try my own luck. It didn't matter at that point if Sexy Cop was married; some cops cheated, he was making me horny, and last thing I needed was another ticket.

"I'm afraid I'll have to write you a ticket for speeding."

"Oh God, no! My mom and her boyfriend already threatened to take away my car if I got in trouble again. Can't you just let me go this time?"

He got another eyeful of my cleavage. "I'm not sure I can after viewing your driving record, miss."

My eyes dropped, seeing his cock twitch a little in the uniform pants. "Pleaaaaaase? I really can't afford another ticket." I stuck out my tits further. "I'll do anything you want."

Sexy Cop nodded toward a nearby wooded area. "Let's get off this road and talk. Follow me."

"All right." My plan may work after all!

We drove our cars into a deep part of the woods out of traffic view and parked. He beckoned me into his vehicle, where I sat in the front seat.

"I can see where you're coming from," Sexy Cop said. "I was eighteen once too. Only difference is..." His eyes scanned my body, "...I didn't have many advantages as you."

I shifted in the seat, feeling my pussy throb. "Oh? What exactly do you mean?"

"You seem to be a very nice young woman. I don't stop many people who give me zero trouble. Perhaps an alternative to giving you a ticket could be discussed."

"Well thank you. I wouldn't have gotten anywhere with an attitude." My eyes fixed on his in a seductive manner. "If you don't mind, I'd like to make a suggestion." 

"Any are welcome."

I licked my lips, grabbed one of his hands, and placed it on my chest. "I think you and I had the same thing in mind when we drove back here."

"Maybe we do." His hand wandered over each breast. "Mmmmm, your tits are amazing."

I stripped my tank top and bra. "Here, have a better look."

"Wow," he said with approval. "Those are definitely natural."

Sexy Cop wandered his hands over my naked boobs, rubbing them before taking one of the nipples into his mouth, gently nibbling it as his tongue flicked the tip.

"Yesssss," I softly moaned. "I love this."

He moved his other hand down my waist, pulled down the zipper of my shorts, and slipped it inside the waistband.

"Damn, baby," Sexy Cop whispered and massaged the drenched spot between my legs. "Your pussy's really wet."

"I haven't had sex since my boyfriend left for Europe and I'm kind of worked up, if you get my drift," I said. "Brandon and I do nasty things on Skype, but it isn't the same."

"No doubt." Sexy Cop buried two fingers inside me, moving them in and out. "Feel good?"

"Fuck yesssssss." I could no longer hold back my climax, bucking my hips and moaning in response.

He fingered me harder. "Come for me. I want to watch you come."

"Oh God...oh God...ooooooohhhhh...don't stop. Go deeper. Right there...right there. Yes...yes...YES!!" I screamed in orgasm.

"You'll still do anything to get out of that ticket, right?" 

I barely caught my breath. "Yes..."

Sexy Cop removed his fingers and slid them into my mouth. I sucked his digits, enjoying the taste of my own cum. He then removed them, leaned back on the seat, and unzipped his pants, freeing an erection at least eight inches long. 

He then grabbed me by the hair and forced my head into his lap. "Suck my cock and don't stop until I tell you."

My hand caressed the Sexy Cop's massive thigh while my mouth slid up and down the shaft for a few minutes. I moved to his balls and teased them with my tongue before I suctioned each one into my mouth. My tongue then slithered around the space dividing his asshole and cock, making him shudder before I gulped his throbbing member, enjoying the control I now had over his senses.

"You've done this before," Sexy Cop said with a wicked grin. "You got some skills." 

I removed my mouth and gave him a knowing smile. "I'm not the first girl you've been with while on duty, huh?"

"I didn't tell you to stop," Sexy Cop replied in a stern voice. 

He shoved my head back into his lap and shifted his hips upward, fucking my face. "Oh yeah...swallow my cock. Take it all down, baby. Your mouth feels so fucking good." 

He moaned and jerked when my teeth scraped him, shuddering from sensations of pleasure and pain, and moaned louder each time I nearly gulped down his entire member.

"Ahhhhh..." he gasped after several minutes. "You gotta stop now."

Sexy Cop got out of the car, beckoning me to follow. I joined him outside and yanked off my shorts. He removed his pants, turned me around, and pushed me down on the hood.

"Open your legs," he ordered.

I gasped as Sexy Cop pushed into my slit, going deeper with each thrust as the sun began to set behind tall trees in the woods.

He rubbed my clit. "Am I a better fuck than your boyfriend?"

"Never thought I'd say it, but yes..." I replied in a quivering voice. 

"Bet my cock is bigger too."

"God yes! YES!" I cried. "I'm going to come!"

"You're incredible, baby," he said, not losing a stroke. "Tightest and best pussy I've had to date."

I screamed and gasped as my orgasm peaked, knees turning to jelly from his thumb rubbing my clit and the thorough, rough fucking he gave me. 

Sexy Cop pulled out when I finally came down from the moment of ecstasy. "Lay in the back seat of my car," he breathlessly said.

I did as told, spreading my legs wider until my hairless mound was fully exposed. Sexy Cop licked and sucked it without mercy, nibbling on my clit as I built up to another climax. I wrapped my legs around his head, squirming from the feelings of his talented tongue. I needed to come again in the worst way and was near release when he suddenly stood and slid his erection back inside me, building a steady rhythm as we fucked in his patrol car.

"Harder, you bastard," I said through clenched teeth and grabbed his hair as I came. "Do me harder!"

Sexy Cop rammed my pussy a few more times before rising from on top of me. We returned outside, where he reclined on his car's hood.

He stroked his erection. "Ride me, baby."

As I made the move to impale myself on him, Sexy Cop slammed me down violently. I ground my hips against his, meeting his upward thrusts. I grabbed his shoulders, threw back my head, and squealed with pleasure while I bounced on his prick with wild abandon. 

Sexy Cop bucked his hips harder, grunting as he pressed down my body. "Damn, you look sexy riding me. Keep going just like that."

"You love having this young pussy, don't you?" I asked. "I knew you wanted it from the moment you walked up to my car window. Ooooh, your hard cock feels so good inside me. My boyfriend never made me come more than once...fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!"

He grabbed me around my waist and we slid off the hood, cock still buried inside me. He leaned against the front bumper, strong arms clamped around my waist. I held onto Sexy Cop's neck, wrapped my legs around him to steady myself, and stared into his eyes as he banged me with intense upward strokes.

"Mmmmmmm..." I moaned. "I've never done it like this before."

We continued for what seemed like a long time before I felt Sexy Cop twitch inside me. I pushed against him harder, reveling in sensations of getting down and dirty with a hot cop as traffic whizzed by, unaware of what was happening in the nearby woods.

"You're going to make me come," he gasped.

"I want all that fucking cum," I hissed. "I bet your wife doesn't let you blow your load anywhere on her, does she?"

Sexy Cop's speed increased as his release surface. "Ugggh...never."

"You want to come on my tits?"

"Yeah...yeah."

"Ohhhh fuck, give it to me now!"

Sexy Cop quickly released me and grabbed his dick. "Is this how you want it?"

I sunk to my knees. "Yeah, I want all of that."

Sexy Cop growled as copious amount of cum covered almost every inch of my breasts until he was completely drained.

A satisfied sigh escaped his lips. "Wow! That was fucking hot, baby. Thank you."

"Anytime," I said and sucked the head of his cock clean. 

Sexy Cop walked to his car and began writing something on a pad. My eyes widened as I cleaned up with wet wipes I kept in my glove compartment and quickly dressed, wondering if I'd still get a ticket despite us just finished having mind-blowing sex.

"What are you doing?" I asked, alarmed.

Sexy Cop handed me a green slip and winked. "A warning as alternative to an actual ticket. Slow down rest of your way home." He then slipped a smaller folded paper into my tank top. "Have a good evening."

I retrieved the paper and opened it after he drove away. It was a note that contained a telephone number. "My secret cell phone. Wife doesn't know about it. Call me anytime, baby. Craig."

If my body helped me avoid an expensive traffic ticket, how it could get me out of any sticky situations in the future? A lot of people already pegged me a slut, so what did I have to lose?