 She went about her normal routine of getting ready for bed in the usual manner after getting home from a hard days work for the temp agency. As she threw her purse on the counter, she didn't know why, but she thought she was a little more tired tonight than normal. Preparing to take a shower had become routine also. Taking off her jacket first, then her skirt, blouse, bra and panties. She never bothered with panty hose, in the office they always got "snagged" or in some other way got ruined. She looked herself over in the mirror next to the valet she had neatly placed her jacket on. Not too shabby for a woman in her mid 30's, she thought. Even though she was slightly "rounder" than other women, she was still attractive enough to turn the head of that "cute" security guard at the entrance to the building she was currently working. She thought she caught him looking at her size 38DD breasts with a little more than passing interest a few times.

Just as she stepped into the shower, she heard the phone ring. Cursing whomever it might be under her breath, she went to answer it. "Hello", she said(a little irritation in her voice). "Hello, this is Officer Sanders, with Argus Security. I'm calling with regard to a wallet that was turned in to our office." She was shocked, and excited, to hear the voice of the person that she was just thinking (rather sexily)about, and apologized silently. "Yes?" came her choked reply. "Well ma'am, your I.D. card was inside, and we found out that you work here as a temp and decided to give you a call. In order for us to turn it over to you though, we need you to come down and identify it."

"Thank you for being so thoughtful officer. I was just about to go to bed. I'll be there in the morning to tell you if it's mine or not." With that settled, she let her heart stop racing and went back to her shower.

As she felt the warmth of the spray touch her milky-white skin, she began washing just as she always did. She started with her hair, wetting it thoroughly, then adding her shampoo. As she ran her fingers through her hair, she thought of him(standing behind her, pressing his body and cock against her, as he washed her hair with his strong fingers.). She giggled like a schoolgirl for letting herself think like this. But she was entitled to. She was an independent woman after all, not needing a man to be satisfied, right? She stopped thinking about that for the moment, because she realized that she was lying to herself. She thought of him on a daily basis, hoping that he would someday ask her out. After washing her body, she got out of the shower and went to get ready for bed. The phone rang again.

"Hello?"

"This is Officer Sanders again. Sorry about this, but my boss said I should give another call because the wallet has money in it. He said that I should deliver it to you a.s.a.p., and gave me the rest of the night off. Would this be ok?" Oh my gosh!! She thought. Her pussy got extremely wet at the prospect. I couldn't have asked for anything more exciting! Calming herself, she said, "It's after10pm, but of course you can. I'll be waiting for you to arrive."

"It'll be about 30 minutes before I get there, I'd like to change first."

"No, that's fine. Come in your uniform if you want. It doesn't matter to me." she said. "Ok, I'll be there soon." 

She couldn't believe it! The man of her dreams was coming over! A thousand things went through her mind, and her fingers were absent mindedly playing with her pussy. What would she wear? She decided not to seem to forward, and picked a pair of pajamas and robe with "Caffeine Junkie" written on them. She waited for him in the living area of her small 2 room apartment. One for her computer, the other for her. 30 minutes went by with no sign of his arrival. She was just about to go back to bed when she heard the buzzer for the security entry. "Come on up, apartment 213." she said into the intercom, and pressed the release button for the door. She didn't expect his knock so quickly and it startled her. She opened the door only after checking through the peep-hole that it was him. He was still in uniform! "Come in." she said.

"Your wallet ma'am?" he said, as he handed it to her. "Yes, it's mine. Where did you find it?" she asked. "In office 356. I was checking that the floor was clear before we locked it down. I should go now, and let you get some sleep." I have to think of something to get him to stay, she thought. "Would you like something to drink?"

"Sure, as long as it's not coffee." he said, pointing at her pajamas. "I thought all security guards drank coffee?"

"Not me, keeps me awake too long, then I'm late for work the next day."

"How about a beer then?"

"Fine with me." She went to the refrigerator and got 2 bottles out. As she handed him one, she noticed that her hand was shaking, and hoped that he wouldn't notice her nervousness. He took the beer she offered and took a long draught from it, draining half the bottle before setting it down. "Ahh…That hit the spot." he said. "So what's your first name Officer Sanders?"

"Oh, I'm sorry. How rude of me. It's David."

"Well David, I'm Susan." She stuck out her hand as she spoke. He took her hand in his and kissed the back of it. "Glad to make your acquaintance." he said. Her nipples hardened with anticipation as he continued to hold her hand, and her pussy got even wetter than when he called. Before she realized what was going on, she moved closer to him and kissed him full on the mouth. He put his arms about her and answered her kiss, opening his mouth to allow her tongue to entwine with his. She pulled away and said, "I don't normally do things like this, but I find you so attractive that I can't help myself."

"That's ok, I was thinking the same thing, but wasn't sure what you would do if I threw myself at you." His hand was now stroking her left cheek, which the rush of excitement had turned a bright pink hue. She leaned her head toward the gentle caress and kissed his upturned palm. "So what now?" he asked. "Maybe we would be more comfortable in the bedroom?"

"After you."

She couldn't lead him to the bed fast enough. Taking off her pajamas as they went, and working on his uniform when they finally reached the bed. With a loud "thump", David's utility belt hit the floor. "Thank goodness I didn't have my weapon on that thing." said David. "The only weapon I'm concerned with right now, is the one I'm trying to get at." said Susan, as she knelt down and unzipped his pants. David's hard cock was already straining at his trousers, and now his shorts almost couldn't hold back his impassioned member. She took it in her hand and complimented David on his size, while he took off his shirt. "It's not the size that counts, it's what you do with it and your partner." 

David gently takes her hand and stands her up. He kisses her deeply as he sits with her on the bed. His hands gently roaming over her body, and she moans her approval into his mouth. He lays down on the bed with her, kissing down her neck and then her breasts. He looks into her eyes as he takes the nipple of her left breast into his mouth. She whimpers passionately as his tongue flicks gently over the painfully extended nubbin, tasting her slightly salty flesh. She strokes the back of his head, urging him to take more of her tit flesh into his mouth. He obeys her unspoken words and opens his mouth further, making her cry out louder. Continuing his journey down, he kisses every inch of her pleasantly plump body, causing her to giggle. "I'm sorry, it's just that I'm extremely ticklish." she says. "As long as you're not telling me to stop, I think you'll enjoy it." says David. He moves farther down than she expected, and she asked, "What are you doing?" His reply was simple, "Just wait and see."

David kisses his way back up her legs, stopping at the back of her knees, and the inside of her thighs. Never once touching her ever dampening pussy. When he finally touches her pussy, she throws back her head and has her first climax. Amazed at this it spurs David on, parting the rose colored lips of her pussy with one hand and inserting first one finger, then another from his right. "You're so tight." he says, as he works his fingers in and out of the folds of her pussy. "I haven't had a man in about 2 years." says Susan, as she pants heavily. "Well, it looks like I've got my work cut out for me then." David then leans down and takes her engorged clit into his mouth, sucking gently at first, then harder when Susan puts her hands behind his head and pushes his mouth harder onto her pussy. "Oh God, I'm cumming again." she says, as David nibbles hard on her clit, her juices covering his face. David slowly relinquishes his hold on her love button and kisses his way back up her body. "Hope you enjoyed that as much, if not more, than I did."

"You could do that all night if you wanted to, but I need something else in me right now besides your tongue."

David moved his hands between her thighs once again to feel her wetness dripping down and making the sheets wet where she lay. He then got up and positioned himself between her outspread legs. Placing his cock at the entrance of her pussy, Susan says, "Fuck me David, I need you so badly." David pushes forward, not needing any extra lubrication, and enters her completely in one smooth motion. Susan cries out passionately and pushes herself up to meet him. He stays there for a little bit, letting her get used to having a man inside her once again, then slowly draws out until just the head of his turgid member is left inside. Susan grips David's ass and pulls him back inside almost violently and urges David on to fuck her harder. 

She orgasms again and again, reveling in the ecstasy that the man over her is offering. As David slows down to catch his breath, Susan rolls over to get on her hands and knees. "Fuck me like an animal David. I want to feel your cum splatter deep within the walls of my cunt!" she almost screams. Before he complies with her request, David uses both hands to gently pull apart the cheeks of her ass and kisses her tight, pink asshole. She squeals in pleasure at this unexpected, yet thoroughly enjoyable act. She had never had anyone do this before, and hoped he would do it again. David let his tongue lash out around, then push inside her anus, Susan pushing back to feel more. David then pulls back, and inserts his index finger inside her wrinkled pink rosebud. Susan unexpectedly found this pleasurable and pushed back against his assault. 

"You like that?" David asks. "Yes." she says between heavy breaths. He gets behind her and enters the tight confines of her hot, wet pussy once again. Driving hard into her over and over again, taking both of them closer and closer to orgasm. Susan reaches back between her legs and plays with her clit as David bangs away at her. All the while, David fucking her ass with his thumb. Again David slows down, laying himself across her back, and asks, "May I fuck your ass?"

"Yes, anywhere, just FUCK ME!!!!" she screams. Still not wanting to disappoint Susan, David pulls out of the incredible furnace of her pussy, and pushes his cock into her waiting ass. Still not needing any lubrication except that which has come from her, David buried himself balls deep within her tightest orifice. In a mixture of pleasure and pain, Susan once again urges David on to fuck her with abandon. 

David can feel every tight inch of Susan's ass as he plunders her most intimate place. Susan can also feel every hot hard inch of cock that David is giving her. Over and over again, David assails her tight anus, only to hear the pleasured cries of the woman beneath him. "I'm going to cum!" announces David. "Cum for me baby." says Susan. David grabs a hold of her hips, then reaches around and between her legs to play with her clit. "You're gonna cum too if I can help it." Both reaching the acme of their orgasms at the same time, David can feel the clenching of her sphincter muscles, and she can feel the warmth of his seed fill her tight ass. As they come down from their sexual high, David holds her tight, as she falls fast asleep.

Susan awoke the next morning feeling refreshed and totally ready for the day. She vaguely remembered a dream she had. When she arrived at the office building, she saw her favorite security guard sitting where he always did. She approached him, and thanked him for last night. Leaving David looking rather puzzled.