 Melinda rolled over in bed and stretched luxuriously. She had silenced the alarm some minutes ago, but Melinda had a rare day off so was enjoying waking up slowly, her body was still tingling from a very enjoyable dream. She reached an exploratory hand into her panties and from their moistness realized just how enjoyable her dreams had been. Her feel of her now wet fingers against her pussy excited her again and she started to rub one gently over her clit as she thought about the dream.

Remembering the sensation of being dream fucked so expertly, she lifted her slim legs in the air and pulled her wet panties off, then arched her back and pulled off her shirt, gasping as the thin material rubbed over her sensitive nipples.

During her dream he had licked, sucked and teased her nipples till she was at the point of ecstasy. So Melinda ran her own fingers teasingly over her breasts and felt shivers of excitement radiating down to her body.

She felt herself getting wetter and felt her tight pussy contract involuntarily, sending another wave of pleasure through her body. She knew she could bring herself expertly to orgasm right now, but she wanted to stretch out the enjoyment at tease herself, as she had been teased in her dreams.

So Melinda gently ran her hands over her naked body, avoiding her desperate pussy and eager nipples for as long as she could, trying to resist the urge to writhe her hips too much and almost failing to stop her tight pussy from contracting to the point of orgasm.

Unable to resist for a moment she let her fingers continue the trail over her smooth belly, passing them gently over her public hair and moaning as they brushed teasingly over her throbbing clit. 

Her pussy was now slick with juice and she quickly slipped her index finger inside. As she felt her cunt quivering deliciously around her finger she longed to have her dream man inside her and began to move her hand rhythmically. Feeling her orgasm swell she began to moan enthusiastically. She raised her knees and thrust her hips forwards, wanting something bigger inside her.

Remembering how insistent her dream man had been about prolonging the pleasure, and how much she had enjoyed being teased she somehow stopped her movements and then gently slid her juice covered finger out, allowing herself the brief ecstasy of rubbing it over her clit, then running her fingers back up her body to her breasts, marveling at the trail of sweet juice on her slim form.

Enjoying the sticky sensation on her skin, she thrust both her hands down to her vagina. Resisting the urge to linger she lifts her hot and wet fingers to her eager nipples and starts to rub and gently pinch them like her dream man had done. With her left hand still teasing her nipples and breasts, gently then forcefully, she lifts her other hand to her mouth and starts to lick and suck her fingers. She wanted to get her fingers wet with saliva, to produce the feeling of his tongue on her nipples, however once she tasted her own sweet juices on her fingers she imagined tasting herself on his cock, and that his face was now buried in her pussy. Licking her, and sucking her and invading every part of her with his tongue.

Now, quivering and shaking uncontrollably she ran her wet hands over her breasts, imagining his hot cock, slick with pre-cum, rubbing over her stiff nipples. She rolled over onto her belly then got up on her knees, imagining him behind her, feeing his cock straining against her ass, then slipping between her legs and rubbing it against her inviting opening. She simulates this sensation with her fingers, first rubbing them over her now drenched pussy and lips then pulling her lips back and sliding one wet finger up to rub it back and forth over her clit. As she rubs her juices over and around her clit, enjoying the delicious ache she starts to move her other hand over her ass, gently teasing the area then moving further down, running her fingers teasingly near to her tight asshole and making herself squeal with delight and move her other hand more frantically over her clit.

As her cunt contracted hungrily she then slid her fingers further forward, pushing then into her pussy, wanting to get as deep as possible, wishing his cock was pulsing inside her again. The thought of him throbbing deep inside her increased her arousal as she continued to pleasure both her clit and her cunt and unable to hold out any longer she let out a series of high pitched squeals as her body rocked and her pussy quivered uncontrollably on her fingers, trying to milk every last drop of pleasure out of her orgasm.

She falls forward onto the bed and still aroused lifts her ass into the air, wishing he was there to push himself into her pussy. She pulls her fingers out of her vagina and groaning rubs her pussy juice over her asshole as he had done. Enjoying the sensation she starts to gently probe the opening, gasping at the alien thrill. She has never experienced this before, but her dream has made her bold so still pleasuring her clit and pussy with the other hand she begins to slowly slide the tip of her finger into her asshole. From just this small invasion she feels an amazing wave of pleasure run through her and she begins to orgasm immediately, lets out an amazed "fuuuuuuuuuuuuck" that quickly turns into an unintelligible moan. She feels her tight ass gripping her finger and is in the dream again, with him pushing his cock into her from behind, rubbing one hand over her clit then as she starts to orgasm sliding his finger into her ass doubling the intensity of her climax.

As her orgasm slowly subsides she turns around and looks at him and is startled back to reality with the realization of who she had been fucking in her dreams. She should feel guilty, but somehow she was even more turned on and despite knowing it was wrong she continued to touch herself and almost immediately a series of orgasms began to course through her. She cried out his name at the height of her pleasure, unable and unwilling to stop herself. She felt the warm rush as an incredible amount of juice flowed through her cunt and she jerked and shuddered.

Exhausted she rolled over onto her back, her body now slick with sweat and pussy juice. She felt amazing, but as her pleasure subsided the realization that she would never be able to make her dream reality hit home. Of course maybe the reality would be different, and maybe he would never dream of doing those things to her, but none of this mattered as she would never be able to risk finding out.