 It started out as any normal day, I awoke to my alarm clock blaring whatever station I randomly set it to the night before. I looked around and the room was spinning, like I had been drinking the night before and was still drunk. I couldn't help but stop and think- did I drink last night? No, I feel asleep watching some slasher film on Netflix again. I proceeded to get out of bed and started my morning routine.

I closed my eyes as the water ran down my back, the warmth soothed my mind, but then flashes of her quickly caused my cock to stand at full attention. I attempted to fight the urge to stroke myself...but I was not strong enough this morning. I grabbed my fully erect manhood and began to slowly move my hand from the tip to the base. I couldn't remember the last time I was aroused. I told myself, five minutes and that is it. However, five minutes turned into ten which quickly became twenty. Wanting release like always, normal release, but I never get it. The water starting to turn cold snapped me out of my horny daze. I thought maybe as turned on as I was, I would be able to cum quickly, like always I was wrong. I never came quickly, no matter how much I wanted to -and I was out of time.

I got ready for work; the shower had set me behind 15 minutes. Of all the mornings to be late, it would have to be the morning I actually had to be there before my scheduled shift. When I arrived at work, I was greeted with a change of plans which meant I was actually early! -damn I could have actually came this morning, I thought to myself. I was still turned on apparently. I also felt my cock spring to life, standing there excited like a little kid in a candy store, easily noticed, hunger seen not in my eyes, but in my pants. Arranging my sweatshirt to hide the bulge it created, I stood around awkwardly awaiting the girl I was going to be going with for the day. The whole time, thinking about sex, the feeling of a warm and soaking wet pussy wrapped around my cock. Thinking about the taste of the juices as my tongue explores forbidden depths. As my fingers enter inside, gently stroking that magical spot that drove a woman insane as I also lick and suck on her clit. I could not take it anymore, I was about to lose my damn mind.

However, my options were very limited, there actually was nothing I could do except attempt to redirect my thoughts. Images of baseball and other non-arousing items began to fill my head and I was relieved as my throbbing hard manhood began to go back to sleep. Was I ever relieved, because shortly after I had managed to get unaroused, she walked in the door.

There was something about her that instantly sent a shiver to my cock. I could not explain it, I liked her as a friend, never really thought about anything more with her, but a part of me wanted to rip her clothes off and fuck her, well today anyways. Curiosity was my worst downfall; however, I knew it could never happen. We were two completely different people, even though, I always suspected me and her had more in common than either of us wanted to admit. All I cared about with her was that I could be myself, I didn't really have to filter myself and it never created awkwardness between us.

I had been completely celibate for over 5 months, this morning was the first time I'd even paid my dick any attention or let alone been aroused in four months maybe longer. But then there was her, it wasn't her looks, even though she was stunningly attractive, in that girl next door kind of way. You know, the kind you have a childish crush / lusting after, but in their world, you never exist. She wasn't perfect and didn't ever try to be which only increased her attractiveness. She was the definition of imperfect, perfect beauty. My imagination at that moment was putting her at around a 34c and an 8-9 waste. I had bought enough women's clothing for or with my other female friends to at least get a rough guess in.

We exchanged our usual friendly good morning and proceeded to get our supplies ready for the day. We were going to go fill nail holes all day and had to stain a couple window wells.

The day went on as usual, sexual jokes, inappropriate humor and random conversations about whatever. It was hard to keep my mind on work. I never looked at her sexually before or really looked at her tits or ass, but today it was hard not to notice her breasts or the way her work pants would hug her beautiful ass whenever she had to stretch to reach something. I couldn't be thinking about this, not with her, but fuck was it hard, and highly inappropriate. I attempted to clear my head, but my cock had other things in mind as it sprung back to life.

My cock was throbbing for attention, as long as she kept away from me, I would have no problems redirecting my thoughts. However, it did not work out just that way. As she started moving closer to me, I started noticing her scent. It was amazing, natural and erotic. I was on my knees filling a base board just under a window she started the trim around. Inches from my face, it was impossible not to think what was under those pants. Curiosity was driving me insane, what color underwear was she wearing? Was she shaved, trimmed or all natural? God, my thoughts were going to get me in so much trouble.

She said something to me, which caused me to turn my head towards her. My face was met with her crotch, without hesitation or thinking I started to kiss her. Pressing my face harder to make sure she felt my mouth eager to pleasure her vagina. She didn't stop me, or draw back and I was glad, right now I wanted her, in a pure animalistic fashion- I wanted to dominate her, the soft moans escaping her increasing breathing only made my hunger worse.

I stood up and turned her around; my hand cupped her right breast as my other hand slid down the front of her pants and began to explore the crevice of her pussy. It did not take too long for her to get wet, at which point I began to directly rub her clit. She unbuttoned and unzipped her pants to allow me better access to her pussy. Sliding her legs a little further apart I was able to slide a finger inside of her. While I was sliding my finger in and out of her snatch, I began to massage her breast. Lifting her shirt and bra, I placed my thumb and index finger around her nipple, pulling and pinching. Squeezing her breast I slid another finger inside of her. Moving my hands faster, thrusting deeper into her slit, I felt her hand begin to rub my throbbing manhood. She gripped firmly stroking the full length.

I began to kiss her neck, dragging my tongue in circles starting from just behind her ears to her collar bone. I pushed her against the wall as I pulled down her pants and panties. Still fingering her I continued to kiss her shoulders dragging my tongue down her back, gently kissing and biting down to the small of her back. I removed my hand from her breast and completely removed her shirt and bra, grabbing her hair with my free hand, I turned her around I began to drag my tongue around her stomach, inching my way up to her lower breast. Circling her breasts with soft and gentle licks, nibbles and kisses, I explored every inch of her breasts until I centered onto her nipples. Her pussy was getting tighter around my fingers; I began to rub her clit in circular motions as my tongue flicked her nipple in between my teeth playfully nibbling on them. Her orgasm must have been intense, because she fell back against the wall as she let out a loud long moan, mixed with oh, fuck and oh my God. I couldn't help but let out a little laugh looking at her exhausted already, but I wasn't even close to done with her yet.

I got down on my knees and started to kiss her calves, moving my way up her thighs to her slit. She was soaking; it was dripping down her thighs. I made sure to lick up the mess her orgasm produced, until I got to the center of it all. I was starving for her nectar; I almost wanted to give up teasing her right then and there. Yet that's not how I do things, she at least had to cum one more time before we even started to fuck each other. Dominating a woman isn't about quickly sticking your cock inside of her; it isn't about you at all. It is about slow and agonizing pleasure, driving her so crazy that she feels like she is going to die without your manhood inside of her.

No, she had to be starving; merely hungry for me to fuck her would not suffice, not today! She had to want it worse than I did! Only then would I penetrate her. She whispered "Fuck" as my tongue grazed the tip of her clit, she was extremely sensitive, I started eating her pussy by softly licking around her outer lips. Starting at her perineum tracing the outline up to the hood of her clit back down to her perineum, repeating several times before I started to lick and suck directly on the inner lips of her slit. Pulling outward as I gradually sucked harder, releasing as her hand grabbed my head. I traced the inner lips of her pussy with my tongue until I reached her clit. Circling the hood of her exposed clit I would randomly run my tongue directly over it, each time she would release an "oh", "Fuck" or "Oh my God". 

Yet I was not ready to give her that pleasure yet. Continuing to trace the outlines of her inner pussy, occasionally treating her to clitoral stimulation, I rubbed the opening of her vagina with two fingers, occasionally quickly entering the two fingers barely inside her to only quickly take them back out. This was fun, teasing her this way. I was going to continue until she grabbed my hand and pushed my fingers inside of her, herself. Taking that as the cue that she was almost ready, I started to stimulate her G-Spot as I finally moved in on her clit. Thrusting my fingers upward into her as I started to suck on her clit, circling my tongue around the exposed nub, it wasn't long before came over my hands and mouth. God she tasted amazing.

I was going to start the whole process over again, when she grabbed me and brought me up to her lips. I kissed her as our tongues danced in a methodical rhythm in each other's mouths. She un did my belt and zipper and my pants fell to the floor. Laying a drop cloth on the cemented floor, I laid her on her back. I was going to get one last pleasurable teasing in before I thrust my manhood inside of her. Taking the tip of my cock, I started at the hood of her clit and moved slowly in circles down to ass, back up to her clit, letting the head of my dick massage her clit for a couple seconds before I started moving back down to her ass, repeating this process several times until she grabbed my cock and guided it inside of her.

I had gotten two deep thrusts inside of her...before my alarm clock forced me out of the dream I was having. You ever wake up from a dream and swear it was so real you can still feel the after effects of it in your waking state. I could still feel her pussy wrapped around my cock, yet sadly I was awake, it was just a dream and there was nothing I could do to revisit that paradise. Hopefully I would revisit the dream again tonight, though I never dreamt the same thing or scenario twice.

The End.