 Hi everyone, I'm still working on the College series so please be patient I'm nearly finished the next chapter. I decided to try something else so please feel free to comment and vote. Feedback welcome as always.

xxx_willow_xxx

******

Have you ever had a dream that for the most part was based on real life events but your subconscious brings the rest into light using your imagination.... Well here is one of the dreams I had which some is based on things that happened and things that could have followed on from them...

You walk into the room and sit down on the closest chair. I look at you, there's a sense of mischief about you today. 

"So," you say with a slight smile on your face, "are you ready for your massage?"

For the past few weeks there has been some "mild" flirtation between the two of us and the massage mentioned is payment for me winning an argument. 

"I'm as ready as I'm going to be," I replied as I sit on the seat in front of you, sitting up straight so you can massage my shoulders and neck easily. But you pull me back against you and you support my upper body.

Your voice is low as you say, "Relax just close your eyes and enjoy."

And that is exactly what I do as your hands move in small circular motions weaving out the knots in my shoulders and neck over my shirt. However I'm getting slightly turned on as I sink back further into you. Your hands slide in under the collar and touch my bare skin for the first time. I inhale deeply as your touch runs an electric current through my body. I bite down on my lip to stop myself from moaning out loud. You continue with the slow circular motions as you move up my neck and on to my collar bone. I'm breathing deeply now and I can't stop the moan that passes my lips. You continue unfazed, but I can feel your heart beating hard against my back. You bring your hands away from my collar bone but I arch up and your hands touch the very top of my breasts. I keep still, anticipating you will continue lower but I'm plagued with disappointment that you'll stop and leave, but yet you surprise me by keeping your fingers circling but just above where I want your hands to be. 

Your hands move to the buttons of my shirt and you say that it's in the way and you pop them one by one slowly so I'm sitting there with my shirt hanging from my shoulder with a light strap top underneath. To my shame, I had worn lacy underwear that day and my nipples were clearly evident beneath the bra and top. You continue with a greater urgency than before. You massage deeper into my muscles I moan softly. It feels so good I just can't help it. You lean your head down on mine near the nape of my neck. I can feel your warm breath there, causing a delicious shiver to run through my body but I'm not cold. I want more than just your breath on my neck; I want your lips and your tongue. I want to feel the softness of your lips as they touch my skin for the first time, to feel the flick of your tongue as you taste my skin. My body is aching for you to touch me so much more intimately than you are now. My hands are twitching at my sides as I long to take control and give into these feelings I'm having. As you massage my neck your fingers graze across my lips, I can't help myself as I flick my tongue across your fingertip. I want to suck it into my mouth slowly, seductively with my eyes locked with yours, as a taste of what I can do and would be most willing to do.

But I restrain myself, I can't lose control or else I won't be able to stop myself. Your hands move back down my neck and rest on my shoulders. We sit there silently, our breathing heavy as I wonder what's running through your head? Are you having the same thoughts as I am? Slowly you push me away from your body, but you never completely break contact, keeping your hands on my shoulders.

Your voice slightly ragged you say, "Kneel up on the chair for me and I'll massage your lower back." I comply and kneel up on the chair, I'm slightly bent over in this position, it's a subtle not clear invitation. I want nothing more than to have you come up behind me and slide every single centimetre of your delicious cock into me from behind. But I doubt you know it or even notice the slight bend of my body. You trace your fingers against my skin at the top of my back as you stand behind me. It feels exquisite. Slowly you take the hem on my strap top and graze it against my skin as you pull it up to my shoulders, the back of my lacy black and purple bra on display. You sigh softly, with exasperation or with disappointment I don't know. You work the muscles in my back the same way as you worked my shoulders and neck. You are so good at this, I don't know why I didn't ask you for a massage before; but I think if I experienced this before I would have jumped you a long time ago. Your fingers feel so good...God I want you to touch me, I can feel a pool of heat and moisture between my legs; I'm so turned on by this and by you. In one part of my back you massage so deep and I moan and buck up my ass rubbing up against you. You massage deeply again and I buck against you again. It feels so good; I can feel your hardness as my ass rubs up against you. I think of the few layers of clothes between us and how easily they can be removed. Your hands slide up to my shoulders and slowly, almost shyly you pull my ass against you. Oh my god! Yes I want this! Please?! 

I whimper out load, hoping this will continue as I pull away and you pull me back to you by the shoulders. Your hand starts an exploration of my body as the other stays on my shoulder. You trace the swell of my breast with your fingers making me gasp in surprise. They're just so sensitive. Your fingers close around my breast and squeeze it. Your fingers begin plucking at my hard swollen nipples. I have to bite down on my lip to stop from screaming. You keep up this torture for the next few minutes and I can feel the pull of my orgasm slowly building. All the while you're pulling me against your body. Your fingers make a trail down my stomach around my piercing and to the top of my jeans. Just as you pop the button on my jeans you place your lips on my neck. 

"Please" I whimper as I can't take much more of this. I need a release the sexual tension and frustration is building in my body. 

"Patience is a virtue," you reply to which I answer, "A virtue which I don't possess."

And just as your hand slides down the waistband of my jeans...... I wake up.