 Melina watched as the snorkeler swam nearer and nearer to her island. His boat was anchored a fifty yards behind him. The island set just outside the inner edge of Hawk's Channel south of the line of Florida Keys. She was sunning on the sun deck on the very top of her unusual home. Her skin was already covered with a flawless light tan showing no marks of any kind. Her long blonde hair was sun bleached with white streaks. Other than her eyelashes and eyebrows she had no other hair on her slim sleek body. When she saw the swimmer tilt his head forward, looking at something on the bottom, she jumped up and ran away from him and entered a door in a small structure above the deck.

She descended a spiral stair into a large room and walked to the seaward side of the house. Looking through the huge one-way glass windows she observed as he swam closer to her domain. His head lifted and he looked at the strange house. It looked as if a spaceship, a flying saucer, had landed on the small island. Part of it projected half way out over the water on one side. A large tube dropped from the bottom of the craft and descended below the surface of the ocean.

The snorkeler noticed that the water was getting deeper as he neared the island. The water was now thirty feet deep. It had only been ten feet deep at the boat. He could now see that there was an underwater room below the house. There was a small coral reef close to the room, part of the reef almost touching one of the large windows. There were fan corals, brain corals, stag and elk horn corals, sea fans, plate corals, clumps of fire coral, and other corals growing on the edge of a dead coral wall over a cave beneath the coral. He lifted his head and looked around above the water. He looked back to his boat, it was almost 70 yards away. He saw a large sign on a piling sticking above the water off to the side of the way he had come. He kicked over to where he could see the front of the sign. It read,

 *BEWARE-WARNING*

You are entering an experimental shark feeding station.

There are several feedings during the day and night.

The sharks are conditioned to come to the sound of a signal in the water.

The sharks are in a feeding frenzy when they arrive in this area.

*WARNING*

!!!BEWARE!!!