 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of quasi-incest or incest content.

*

Loud sounds coming from Mom's bedroom across hall jolted me awake. I remained still as possible and continued hearing sounds of moaning, grunting, squeals, and rhythmic squeaking of the bed.

"God, Dana, you are fantastic. Have I mentioned you're the best fuck I ever had?" Joe grunted. 

"You like seeing me on top, don't you? Does my younger stud like the way my pussy slides up and down his cock?"

"Yeah...I also love watching your tits bounce when you ride me. Do it harder, baby. Kind of odd us going at it now instead of the usual mornings."

"Oh, don't even think you'll get out the door tomorrow morning without us having at least a quickie before I leave for Chicago just because I had the night off from work."

"You know it. Turn around; I want to see that sexy ass while fucking you from behind."

Their dirty talk continued, making it difficult for me to go back to sleep. I haven't had a good, hard, satisfying fuck in a long time. My (now ex) boyfriend Brandon returned from Europe, but we split after I caught him screwing some trashy-looking skank in the bathroom during his welcome home party. I'd been a faithful girlfriend the entire time Brandon was away; not hooking up with other guys (aside from Craig the cop but only to get out of a speeding ticket), not that I didn't lack plenty of other opportunities for extracurricular dick. The hurt and anger I felt was indescribable, especially after discovering Brandon was seeing the slut behind my back long before he went to Europe.

Now hearing my mother and her younger boyfriend having wild sex sparked moisture between my legs. I know it sounds gross but hearing them fuck made me extremely aroused. I sat up on the bed and stripped naked before sliding a hand down and found my clit. It was throbbing as if begging me to rub it. 

"Oh my God, Joe, that feels amazing!" I heard Mom cry out. "Go deeper...fuck me deeper. I want to feel all your cock in me."

My pussy screamed for attention and there was no turning back. I heard both Mom and Joe moaning even louder and their head board bang against the wall. Apparently they had no idea I was awake, judging from lack of effort to conceal their sexual activities. My fingers rubbed my pussy faster and faster, gradually easing towards climaxing.

As Joe brought Mom to yet another orgasm, I realized how much I wanted - NEEDED - to get fucked raw by the biggest dick I could find. 

"Dana, baby..." Joe grunted. "I'm going to come."

"Do it," Mom gasped. "Shoot your load in me now!"

I speared my fingers inside my pussy, breathing faster, tightened my legs and arched my back. The first waves of orgasm began to rise outward and I needed to climax more than ever; hearing Joe and Mom come together sent me over the edge.

Soon everything was quiet aside from Joe's gentle snoring. I too fell asleep satiated from my own self-pleasure, dreaming of finding some new, willing cock.

Little did I know things would turn in a different direction in less than twenty-four hours.

****

I prepared to go jogging the following evening after Mom left to catch her flight. We were three days into a week long heat wave and the park trail near our home not usually crowded most evenings, so it was perfect for me.

I tied my hair into a high ponytail and dressed in my favorite silver shorts that accentuated my ass and a white sports/jogging bra, remaining naked underneath.

Joe looked up from his laptop and eyed my body from top to bottom when I came downstairs. "New boyfriend?"

I laughed. "My evening jog, you dirty old man."

"Shouldn't you wear a longer shirt? You'll have every weirdo ogling you looking like that."

"I'm eighteen, Joe. It's too hot and I can take care of myself."

"Okay but be careful, kiddo. Thunderstorms are predicted so make sure you're back home before all hell breaks loose."

"Right. Bye."

I reached the park and found a few other people but no one I knew on my favorite trail. I started slow and gradually picked up a brisk pace, concentrating on reaching my goal before the storms came.

Two men in their early fifties jogged towards me, grinned, and nudged each other while eyeballing my tits. "Want some company, honey?"

"No thanks, I'm meeting my boyfriend shortly," I lied. I may have been starved for sex but not enough to let a couple of men old enough to be my dad potentially suggest having a threesome (which I'm sure they had in mind). 

I continued on my way for another ten minutes before I spotted what had to be the hottest man on the trail. When he jogged by, I gasped at the sight. He was incredibly sexy, tall, and around the same age as Joe or a little younger. His head was completely shaved bald, his body ripped. He was in top shape, running with little effort despite sweating heavily.

He gave me a polite nod. "Hey."

"Hi," I responded.

He passed me and I stared at him from behind. Strong back, muscled legs, a tight round ass. I couldn't help but think he had a wife or at least a girlfriend who looked forward to joining him in bed every night.

Thunder rumbling in the distance jarred me out of my thoughts. I felt a strong gust of wind and cursed under my breath. No way would I make it home before the storms hit.

Spotting an abandoned enclosed pavilion, I ducked inside seconds before rain poured down in buckets, lightning flashed, and sounds of thunder grew louder. All I could do at that point was sit on an old picnic table and wait, hoping the storm passed quickly before I headed home.

The sound of someone else coming in startled me. I turned and saw the gorgeous jogger. He was drenched; T-shirt and running shorts clung to every part of his body, leaving little to the imagination. 

He flashed a grin and sat next to me. "Nice night, huh?"

"Sure, if we were ducks."

He laughed and pulled off his shirt, wringing out the excess water before tossing it aside. He offered a large hand. "I'm Mike."

"Hi. Alexa or Lexi; either is okay. I don't think I've seen you before."

"Moved here a week ago. You?"

"Headed to college in the fall but live with my mom and her boyfriend."

"Guess that kind of puts a damper on things, huh?'

"What do you mean?"

He put a hand on my knee. "Now I know someone hot as you is hardly an innocent."

"To be honest, I think Mom has more fun than I do. I dumped my boyfriend after catching him with his side whore."

His hand slid further up my leg. "Sounds like you should have a man instead of playing with boys."

We flirted for a while, the sexual tension between us building before Mike grabbed me with his strong arms. His hand slipped between my thighs as he kissed me hard. He yanked off my shorts and threw them on the ground then began exploring my wet sex with two thick fingers. God, I needed his cock inside me in the worst way.

The rain continued pouring outside the pavilion as Mike kneeled on a bench attached to the table and worked over my pussy with his tongue, caressing, teasing, tormenting while his fingers continued pumping in and out of me. I pulled off my sports bra, rubbing my tits in time with his finger fucking.

"Feel good, baby?" he asked with a mischievous grin.

"God yes!" 

Mike hoisted my legs onto his shoulders and resumed going down on me. I reveled in the feeling of him licking and fingering me, bringing me closer to orgasm. My entire body shook when I came. Mike removed his fingers but continued licking and sucking my clit until my climax subsided.

He stood and dropped his shorts, revealing a long and thick cock, and shoved me to the ground. I wrapped my lips around Mike's throbbing erection. He pushed my head until his entire shaft lodged in my throat. I gagged a little but continued sucking him, now in complete control.

"Oh, fuck..." he groaned. "Your mouth sure knows how to work a cock."

He grabbed a handful of hair and fucked my face. I gagged a couple more times yet enjoyed giving Mike the blow job of his life. 

He suddenly let go of my hair and pulled back. "Bend over the table, baby."

I did as he asked. Mike then proceeded to eat my ass for several minutes before his cock plunged inside me with a jolt of sensation. "God, you have one tight little pussy," he moaned.

He fucked me hard and strong, occasionally slapping my ass and I lost count of the number of orgasms I had. Mike continued pumping me with wild abandon for about another twenty minutes before everything became a complete blur and I felt him swell inside me.

"I'm gonna come...I'm gonna come, I'm going to fucking come!" he yelled.

He quickly pulled out and made animalistic growls as large amounts of hot cum landed on my ass cheeks and he finished with a satisfied sigh. "Thanks, baby. It's been awhile since I had a good lay."

"Same here. That was amazing!"

"So...when will you be back on the trail?"

"Probably not until the heat breaks. Maybe see you then?"

"Sure."

The rain outside had long stopped and it was now dark. Mike pulled on his shorts, wiped the cum from my ass with his still-wet T shirt, helped me stand and gave me one last passionate kiss before sprinting out of the pavilion.

I threw on my own clothes and jogged home at a quickened pace, happy and content...at least for now.