 Chapter 1 the Game

Sarah had just arrived home after spending the day with Donny at the amusement park .She had barely gotten in the door before the phone rang in the hall. She closed the door quickly and ran down the hall to answer the still ringing phone. “Hello” she said.” Is anyone ther.” The phone went dead. It was now quiet and she thought that was strange, but didn’t dwell on it for to long. She put the phone back on the charger and headed up the stairs to her bedroom.

Sarah’s room was her sanctuary, a place where she could be alone for a while and relax. She opened the door to her room and looked around in amazement at her beautiful things for a few minutes before she entered. Walking a few inches and closing the door behind her, she placed her purse on the small couch in front of her bed. As she walked to her closet she caught a glimpse of herself in the floor length mirror. She couldn’t help herself but she had a need to see her full nakedness in the mirror. She decided to turn on her stereo and do a little strip tease for herself. As the music’s slow rhythm began to play she could feel the beat and began to slowly sway her hips. She began to watch herself in the mirror as she moved rhythmically to the rising beat. She pulled her shirt up and over her head with one quick tug. She watched as her size 36c breast bounced as she moved. She watched as her nipples began to harden into small little nubs. Without realizing what she was doing her right hand began to caress her left breast. She didn’t notice the door to her room had closed and Donald sitting on the small couch watching her quietly. 

  As Donald sat there and watched her, he could see that she was really getting into watching herself. He watched as she undid the buttons on her pleated mine skirt and let it slide to the floor to form a puddle around her now bare feet. Although she still had her panties on he could see the wetness forming between her legs. As he watched in amazement, he noticed his own aroused member begin to show through his tight fitting cacky pants. He watched as she walked to the mirror to reposition it so that she could see herself as she lye on the bed. 

  Sarah still hadn’t noticed Donny in the room as she walked over to the mirror. As she began to move it, she was surprised to see the reflection in it. It was Donny and he was watching her. She refused to let him know that she knew he was there so she kept doing as she had been. She angled the mirror so that she could watch him and he not notice. This just made her mound swell and her juices flow. The heat rising from between her well-toned and tanned legs was almost unbearable. She could see him squirming a bit as he sat there watching her. She could see his aroused member pressing against the front of his trousers. She thought to herself “maybe I’ll give him a little show.” A s she removed the now soaked panties a small moan escaped out of her throat as the wet material was pealed away. She let them fall to the floor and stepped provocatively out of them and to the bed. As she sat down on the edge of the bed she could feel the softness of her comforter on her thigh. Sarah slid up to the top of her bed and lay back and almost came in the process. The light grazing feeling on her neatly shaved pussy lips almost sent her over the edge. But she had made a promise to herself and she planed to keep it. She laid back and positioned herself so as to be able to look in the mirror and watch Donny. She moved her hand and placed it on the vee above her hardening pink bud and slowly circled it with her fingertip before inserting one finger into her now soaked snatch.

  Donny sat amazed by what he was seeing but still didn’t say a word. He thought that if he said anything she would stop so he remained quiet. He did not want to alarm he of his presence but this was hard for him to do. With his member swelling beneath his pants he knew he what he wanted to do but he dare not try. Watching her was making him even hornier, so he squirmed to adjust his pants. He watched as she placed one of her digits into her snatch and then remove it and licked the moisture off of her finger. It took all of his will power not to get up and taste her sweet nectar that was now freely flowing down her thigh. 

 Sarah couldn’t help but to smile with satisfaction as her finger entered her. “This feels so good “she said speaking out loud. As she removed her finger a small sye escaped her. She lifted her finger to her lips and smelt it before placing it into her waiting mouth. “Hum” was all she could say. Now she was really horny and needed to get herself off. She placed her hand back down to her now wreathing clit and began to caress it with her fingers. This made her even hornier she could no longer stand it and the light motion began to quicken. “Ooh, yes “the words were out of her mouth before she could she could stop herself. As her eyes slowly shut visions of Donny watching her came flooding into her mind. She needed him and she need him bad. She call out his name “Donny ““oh god Donny I need your hard cock and your soft tongue in my pussy and I need it now,” those words where all it took for Donny. In less than a minute he was by her side. Some how he had already removed his cloths and shoes, it must have been when she closed her eyes. 

 Sarah’s eyes were still closed when she felt her hand move from her snatch and a tongue replace it. Donny didn’t know why this was turning him on as much as it was but he didn’t care. All he knew was he had to taste her and to please himself in the process. He knew what she wanted and he was going to give it to her, come hell or high water he was going to fuck her tonight. He began to lick her from the bottom of her mound slowly and ever so painstakingly that his touch made her hips raise from off of the bed. He continued this for, to her seemed like eternity, until he pushed his tongue into her love hole. “Ooh, I want you, I, I, I’m going to cum, your going to make me cum.” “I want you to fuck me, fuck me now.” Donny did as she asked. Before he did he reached into his pants pocket and removed a condom. He placed it on his ready member before opening her up like a flower. He did this while continuing to tongue fucker. As he rose up, he placed his finger into her snatch to keep her ready for his nine and a half inch sausage. He spread her wide and entered her with one quick thrust of his hips. Sarah moaned as he entered her. 

 With slow tedious movements of his hips he began to make love to her. With the first twitch of his hips he heard her sye with pure pleasure and knew he had found her G-spot. When he could no longer hold his composer he quickened his pace. “Harder, fuck me harder” Sarah screamed. That was the sign he was waiting for. Lifting up her legs, he placed them on his chest and rammed his cock deeper into her twat. The harder and harder he went, the more she moaned. After what seemed like hours he could feel her climax at hand as her mucles tensed around his still rock hard dick. Sarah was now bucking feverishly on his cock as their mutual orgasim was drawing near. With one last trusting of his manhood Sarah’s juices exploded onto his dick. It took him a few more trust to meet her violent climax. 

 Lying there next to her on the bed he could still feel his shafts ach for more. Sarah also noticing this sat up and slid down his chest to play with his cock. At first she just hovered over it with her tongue lightly grazing it until she decided to do the unexpected. Donny’s eyes were still shut when he felt the warmth of her mouth engulf his still sensitive member. As he opened his eyes he could see her watching him, as she swallowed his stiff shaft one more time. His hands automatically went to the back of her head to hold her there until she had finished what she had started. A low growling moan escaped him as his next climax came nearer. He loved watching her head bob up and down on his shaft, this only excited him more. All of the sudden when Donny could not hold his lust back, he told her “I’m going to cum if you keep this up,” Sarah didn’t care she wanted him to cum she wanted to taste his love juices on the back of her throat. With a few more head bobs she felt his release. It was warm on her tonsils and she didn’t mind. Donny was shocked that she hadn’t move away. She continued to suck him until all of his juices were gone. She then moved back to her original place on the bed. They lye there spent in a daze basking in the after glow of their love making session when Donny finally spoke. 

“You knew I was there, didn’t you,” he asked.

“Of course not, well not the entire time anyways. And sense we’re asking questions , how did you get into my house? I thought that you had left after dropping me off here.”

“Well I technically did leave but I turned back when I spotted some guy hiding in your bushes out front. When you didn’t turn around and wave I got worried.” “Why didn’t you wave goodbye?” he asked in desperation.

“I was trying to get to my phone, but it went dead when I said hello. I thought it strange but didn’t give it any more thought about it until now. I wonder who it could have been.”

Chapter 2 The way it all began￼

 Well it all started 3 years ago when Sarah Gonzales, age 17,and her best friend Justin Stonekerck , age 20, where hanging out together at the local pool hall having themselves a good old time. When Sarah noticed a very tall, well-groomed man staring at her from across the smoke filled room. She decided not to pay any attention to the man, being blatantly obvious about what he wanted, she carried on with her shot. Even the man could not break her concentration as she hit the cue slightly to the left so to make her shot. She looked up smiling knowing that she had won the game as well as the 300-dollar bet Justin had set. With her hand held high Justin counted out the money as he placed it in her palm.

“You know you shouldn’t bet against me when it comes to this game” she giggled. 

“I know, but I like to press my luck sometimes.” but that wasn’t his only reason he thought. Justin knew she needed the money because she had just quit her job the week before. “hey why don’t we go double or nothing”.

“If you want to get spanked again that’s fine by me, but don’t cry when I take your money, sugar.”

“Hey, I haven’t cried yet now have I.”? 

As they began to play another game the man that had been watching her earlier came walking up. Sarah missed hitting him in the groin when he walked up behind her. Justin noticed the man right before Sarah took her first shot.

“Hey buddy is there something we can help you with, or are you just trying to get a better look at my friend,” he said in a not so friendly tone of voice.

“Actually, yes there is a reason I walked over. I wanted to ask the young lady if she knew a guy by the name of Grant Salizar?” “If so where can I find him.” the man said.

Sarah could not help herself, she asked, “Who are you, and why are you looking for this Salizar guy? Has he done something wrong?”

“Oh, I’m sorry my name is Sami Johnson, and I’m a private detective. I was hired by someone to locate him. I was told that you knew him, that is why I was staring at you a while ago, so that I was sure it was the right person.”

Sarah’s interest was now on edge and the nerves in her stomach were telling her something was very wrong. “Well mister Johnson I can’t help you, I haven’t seen him in a couple of months now (she had but she wasn’t going to tell him that), but if he does pop up how can he get a hold of you?”

 “Here’s my card and don’t You forget to use it.” He turned and walked away quickly.

As she held the card up she read the number on it, it read 480-555-7836; the number was now permanently burned into her brain.

“Hey Justin I’m ready to go, are you coming with?”

“Yeah, lets just finish this game first okay.”

“Alright then,” she knew there was no hope in arguing with him.

A few hours went on before they finally left for home and by then Sarah was a totally nerves wreck. The car ride home was quiet since Justin fell a sleep. She did all she could to keep her mind off of Mr. Johnson’s message to Grant.

Sarah dropped Justin off at his apartment before she herself made her way home. She arrived at home somewhere around 3 am and was so tired she didn’t even notice the man lurking in the shadows of he bedroom. She didn’t even bother to turn on the light before she removed the cloths she was wearing and slipping into her silk nighty. Pulled her comforter back and slid into bed, she slowly drifted off to sleep.

 The next morning Sarah woke refreshed and ready for a new day. The events of last night were now a fading memory. As she went to her closet to assemble her outfit for the day she glanced around the room, her eyes still full of goop, she smiled to herself and turned to finish her outfit. She selected to wear an off the shoulder, light blue top, with her matching low ride micro-mine and a pair of light blue and white Rocket Doggs. She headed for her bathroom to take a quick shower before she had to leave. After entering the bathroom she discarded her sleepwear and stepped into the shower. A few minutes later she was dressed and heading out the door. Before she reached the door she heard her phone ring. “Shit, who the fuck is that calling me so early.” Walking casually to the phone, it kept ringing. Picking up the receiver she said “hello,” the voice on the other end told her to watch her back then the phone went dead. Startled by the call she hung up and ran out the door. Getting into her car, she was trembling so bad that she couldn’t get the key in the ignition, she screamed to herself to call down. It took a few deep breaths before the fear subsided. She placed the key in the ignition and the car turned over with a roar. She backed out of her driveway and drove up the street. Her destination was to see Justin. Reaching Justin’s place she parked her car and got out. Since he lived on the bottom level it wasn’t hard to find. Without knocking she let herself in, she began yelling out his name “Justin, Justin, where the hell are you! I need you. Dam he’s not here.” just as the words slipped out of her mouth Justin appeared in front of her, wearing nothing but a smile. 

 “Hey, sorry I was in the shower and couldn’t hear you.”

“Oh thank god your alright,” she was panting so hard she couldn’t catch her breath.

 “What’s the deal, what’s wrong sweetie?” 

Sarah began to cry. It took a few minutes before she could regain her composer. When she finally stopped and dried her eyes Donny could see the fear in her eyes. He asked her “what happened to get her so upset.” She slowly looked at him before speaking.

“Well, I got this really frightening phone call about an hour ago and I didn’t know who to turn to;” she exclaimed.

“What did they say?”

“They told me to watch my back, I don’t know what it means. I didn’t even recognize the voice.”

“I think you need to call the police.”

Then it finally clicked in her head. She now realized what had transpired the previous night.

“Donny, do you remember what happened last night?”

“Yeah that detective, right.”

“Do you think I should call him?”

“I think you should call the police, we don’t even know if this detective guy is even a real one. So call the police and tell them what’s going on.”

Sarah finally agreed and called the police station. The officer on the other end told her not to worry about it, “it might just be a prank caller”, however she knew that was impossible because she has an unlisted number. With her a little less scared she gave Donny a hug goodbye and left to salvage the rest of her school day.

While at school Sarah felt as though she were transfixed in a bad dream when the news that Grant had been shot and was in the intensive care ward at St. Josephs Hospital. She wanted to know what had transpired to place him in such trouble. She decided to find out as much as she could. She called the detective to try and get some answers.

“Hello, may I speak with mister Johnson please?”

“Please hold while I see if he’s available.,” the lady said.

“Hello, this is Detective Johnson, how can I help you.”

“Hi, Detective, this is Sarah Gonzales, we meet the other night at the pool hall.”

“Yes, Mrs. Gonzales how can I help you today?”

“I have a few questions to ask you, if you don’t mind?” she said.

“Well I’ll try to help you in anyway I can.”

“I want to know why you needed to see Grant.”

“Well I was paid to locate him, why do you want to know anyways?” he asked.

“I wanted to know because he’s in the hospital and I think whoever it was that hired you to locate him tried to kill him.”

“What do you mean tried to kill?”

“Just what I said. He’s currently in the intensive care ward at St. Josephs.”

“Oh my. So that’s why you’re here.

“Yes, now can you tell me who it was that hired you.”?

“That is something I can’t tell you. But I will tell you this this person most definitely doesn’t want to hurt him.”

“Well someone did and I want to know why.” 

“I’ll do what I can to help but I’m not making any promises.”

“Thank you. I cant pay you but I’ll try to get you something for your time.”

 Later that night sitting at home the phone rang. Thinking that it might be Justin she answered the phone absent mindedly. “hey Justin what’s up?” But instead of it being Justin on the other end it was that same voice she had heard earlier that day.

“This isn’t Justin sweet thing.”

Sarah almost dropped the phone when she heard the voice. “Who is it then?”

“That is for me to know and for you to never know.” with a sly laugh he hangs up the phone.

Sarah suddenly frightened had a cold shiver travel down her spine. Not knowing what to do she slowly lowers the phone back into its cradle. She begins to softly cry as she heads up the stairs to her room, but before she could reach it her mom calls her from the kitchen.

“Sarah, dinner.”

“I’m coming mom. I’ll be down in a moment.”

Chapter 3 Present day  

“Well,” Donny begins to speak, “I don’t know who it was outside of the house but I am sure glad I came back.”

“I’m glad you did to.”

After another few minutes the room went silent as they drifted off to sleep.

Sarah awoke a few hours latter and looked at Donny’s sleeping face as her eyes adjusted to the now darkened room. She noticed the large bulge in the bed sheets where Donny lay and her juices began to flow once more. She knew that she could get away with anything while he was sleep and decided to wake him up in her own way. Sarah began by removing, what was left of ,the sheet that was wrapped around Donny’s waist. “Mmmmm” she thought as she watched his twitching cock. She reached down and began to softly stroke his 9 inch member to its fully erect form. As she did this Donny began to moan softly in his sleep. She had to have it, she needed to taste him once more. Lowering her head, she flicks her tongue out over the tip of his cock lightly before moving further down to lick and kiss the underside of his balls. She could wait no longer and hungrily slipped his member past her lips and into her waiting mouth. “Mmmmmm” she moan as she tasted his flavor once more. After what seemed like an hour Donny awoke thinking it was just a wet dream his cock was hard and ached for release. It took him a minute before his eyes focused and he saw Sarah’s head bobbing up and down on his aching shaft. 

“Oh, god that feels good Sarah.”

Startled Sarah looked up to find Donny watching her. She replaced his engorged member back in her mouth to suck him some more. As Donny came nearer and nearer to his release he places his hands on the back of Sarah’s bobbing head and began to move his hips upward so his cock was sliding down Sarah’s throat. Harder and harder he thrust his hips the deeper his cock went into her mouth. After a few more minutes of this he screams out his climax. “Oh, yes, I’m Cumming Sarah are you ready.”
