 We've all had them - dreams of being naked....what DO they mean? Susan found one answer, or at least a start of one..... If you enjoy the story, feel free to like and vote!

*

Susan had finally brought herself to go to a psychologist to discuss her recurring dreams. Over the years, they had become more and more frequent and more and more intense. So much so that she had found normal sleep beyond her reach and everything seemed to suffer. As a college lecturer and professor it was important to be sharp in the classroom and with her students, but without sleep she had found that it was she that was dozing off in class, not her students.

The dreams had started with dreaming that she was going to a class or to a meeting and then realizing halfway there that she had forgotten her shoes. Then as she looked down, she realized that she had forgotten the rest of her clothes as well. She was completely naked in the middle of a busy street or the Quadrangle on campus. Sometimes people noticed, often they didn't.

She explained this to Dr. Johnson, the therapist who had come highly recommended to her. She held back a few bits of information. There were some things she still found it hard to express even to herself. This thing had started in phases, maybe she could solve it in the same way. Solve how it began and the rest would solve itself.

She stopped after telling him about the beginnings of her dreams. "So, Doctor. What do you think? I know naked dreams are fairly common, but mine seem to be managing me, rather than the other way around. Any ideas, thoughts?"

The doctor was younger than she had imagined. Late thirties, well built, dark hair. He must be good at poker, his face was pleasant, but very hard to get any suggestion of what he might be thinking. He paused from his note taking for a moment, then began with his take on the situation. His voice was soft, a low tone and very calm.

"There are a variety of ways to interpret these types of dreams, Ms. Thompson. Becoming mortified at the realization that you are naked in public, reflects your vulnerability or feelings of shamefulness. You may be hiding something and are afraid that others can see right through you. Metaphorically, clothes are a means of concealment. Depending on the type of clothes you wear, you can hide your identity or be someone else. But without them, everything is hanging out for all to see. You are exposed and left without any defenses. Your naked dream may be telling you that you are trying to be something that you really are not."

Susan thought that over. "Well, I am the first in my family ever to go to college, let alone to graduate school and to work at a university. I may be feeling like an imposter in that regard, but I don't think that is my main concern. It certainly wouldn't stand up to any rational thought, and I doubt that it would escalate into what I am dreaming now." She was a little surprised how sleepy she was feeling and also how warm it felt in the office. "I am feeling a little warm, do you mind if I take off my sweater? I thought I might need it when I came this morning." She took off the sweater and lay back down on the couch.

The doctor continued. "Certainly, get comfortable. Another option is that you are fearful of being ridiculed and disgraced. Such anxieties are often elevated, especially in situations where you are trying to impress others. Perhaps you are in a new work environment or in a new relationship? You may be expressing fears or apprehension in revealing your true feelings in such situations."

She chuckled a little at these suggestions. "No, nothing new in my life. Same job and I haven't been in a relationship for a while. My research has taken up most of the time I would have to devote to a relationship." Not quite true, she had one relationship, but she was pretty sure the doctor meant human relationships, not the one with her battery operated 'friend'. She loosened the top button of her blouse, and a second one. It was getting warmer.

"Often times, when you realize that you are naked in your dream, no one else seems to notice. Everyone else in the dream is going about their business without giving a second look at your nakedness. If this happens in your dream, then it implies that your fears are unfounded; no one will notice except you. You may be magnifying the situation and making an issue of nothing. Susan? Are you still listening?" Doctor Johnson paused.

Susan's eyes fluttered. She must have dozed off. The warmth of the room, his soft voice. She moved to undo another button, but there was no other button. She looked down and saw that she was completely naked. As was Dr. Johnson. "I - I - I'm sorry. I must have gone to sleep. The heat, you know. And, I guess I am tired and felt very comfortable...". She looked at Doctor Johnson. He had no indication of surprise, embarrassment, but he was naked. Completely. And as she looked closer, he was obviously aroused. She hadn't seen one in a while, but she could still identify an erection when she saw one. 

He continued. "If you dream that you are proud of your nakedness and show no embarrassment or shame, then it symbolizes your unrestricted freedom. You have nothing to hide and are proud of who you are. Does any of this sound relevant?" His hand moved to his lap as Susan watched and grasped his cock and gave it several stroked as he waited for her reply.

"I think that may be the closest to my dream and my circumstance." Susan watched in fascination as Dr. Johnson stroked himself slowly and maintained eye contact with her. His eyes saw into hers, and far from making her uncomfortable, it made the room feel even warmer. She felt some of the same feelings she experienced in her dreams beginning to stir. She looked down at her own body which was in good shape for her age and the sedentary nature of her job. She did exercise and watched what she ate, but not fanatically. Her breasts were heaving slightly as she breathed heavier. She felt herself getting warmer and wetter between her legs and she moved them slightly apart. The leather of the couch felt good on her bare skin. "But I haven't told you everything, doctor."

He looked at her and continued to lightly stroke himself. "I suspected as much. Why don't you continue? In fact, while you do, I can move closer. Is that alright with you, Susan?" The doctor rose from his chair and stood a moment. Hearing no complaint from Susan, he moved next to the couch. His cock was just above the height of her body on the couch. It would only be a short reach for her to move her hand to touch him.

"That is fine, doctor. Yes, I guess it is about time I told someone about my dreams. And also the effect they have." Susan thought she could see the doctors hardness move as his heart beat. She reached and was able to grasp it as she began to tell him about her recent dreams. "The dreams have increased in frequency and intensity. There are times when I have trouble distinguishing between when they are dreams and when I am awake. And lately, I have found an increasing need to satisfy my urges following the dream. I have been masturbating more and more." Her hand moved slowly up and down on his dick, it felt good in his hand. She thought it might feel just as good if it were deep inside her. The vibrator was fine, but there were times when she longed for a real cock. She rocked a bit on the couch and her other hand moved lower to between her legs.

"Susan, can you continue with the description of your dreams and more importantly with your need to masturbate. But I must ask you to not thrash around. I don't want you injuring yourself. Let me provide you with some assistance." Doctor Johnson reached out and took both of Susan's arms and placed them at her sides, He brought a large leather belt from each side of the couch and secured it across her torso. He repeated the process with each of her legs and in a maneuver she felt more than she saw, released a switch at the bottom of the sofa which allowed the bottom half of the furniture to swing apart, spreading her legs wide apart. "That should take care of it. Continue." He remained between her legs which we now secured and spread, leaving her exposed to him.

"Well, I will have a dream that I am rushing across the Quad, naked. Sometimes the other people are naked, but not always. Lately I do get to my class only to find the lecture hall filled with naked students. In my last dream, it was all male students and they, well, lined up to gang bang me. I fucked them one after another. Sometimes 2,3 or 4 at a time. When I woke up, I was very aroused, I may have been playing with myself while I slept. But I began to use my vibrator. I used it until I reached climax, but kept going and going until I nearly missed my morning class."

"Yes, any more to add? How was that class? And the rest of the day?" The doctor had moved his hands to Susan's inner thighs and was rubbing them softly, knowing she couldn't move them. She saw his head disappear as he knelt between the two separated pieces on the couch and she felt his hot breath close to her wet hole which she imagined was gaping open before him. "How did it make you feel to have experienced orgasm and then gone to your class? Do continue."

"Oh, my." Even Susan wasn't sure if she was responding to his question or to the electric sensation as his tongue touched her tender skin and licked alongside her pink lips. "I, well, it excited me to stand before the class, still excited, still wet from my activity. The dream seemed to mingle with my consciousness...." Susan felt his fingers and tongue fight for control of her pussy. First a finger slid into her and another finger rubbed quickly back and forth over her clit as a tongue flicked between. She temporarily focused on the feeling and a low moan escaped. "It wasn't my best lecture and I went back to my office where I continued to get myself off. I totally lost count of how many times I came that day." Again she felt herself focus on the feeling of the fingers and tongue touching her. She felt the consciousness of being aroused by Doctor Johnson mingle with her remembering the orgasms resulting from her post dream session. As the two mingled, she began to feel a wave of heat roll over her. The restraints held her in place as she began to cum.

As she felt wave after wave engulf her, she saw the head of the doctor rise up into view. "Very good Susan, your descriptions seem complete. But one thing you haven't commented on, when was the last time you had actual intercourse? How long has it been since you have had sex with a partner?" As she watched him speak, she felt his hard cock near her opening. He was poised between her legs and was about to enter her. She wished she weren't restrained so she could push herself forward onto his hard dick.

"Oh, it has been a while. I think it has been a little over six, no eight months." Had it really been that long? She could feel him edge closer. She wanted it, she wanted him inside her. "Doctor, please. Do it. I want you in me. Fuck me." She felt the restraints holding her tightly to the couch and then she felt his cock slide in slowly to her. She felt it sliding in, it felt like it might go on forever. He filled her and her wet slit closed tightly around him, reluctant to release him. She closed her eyes and felt the warmth of him, felt herself coupled with another person. The intense feelings collided in her head. From an intense bright light things went brown and then faded to black.

"Susan? Are you here, Susan?" She heard Doctor Johnson, but it was still dark. Her eyes fluttered open and slowly focused on the room and the man standing near her. He was fully clothed. As was she. Except for a sweater which was draped on the back of the couch where she lay.

"Yes, I am. I think I drifted off." She sat up, obviously the restraints had been removed. "Did you dress me after we..." She looked into his eyes.

"After we....what, Susan? You began talking about your dreams of being nude in public and fell asleep. From what I saw, you are close to utter exhaustion. I can prescribe something to help you sleep, perhaps Ambien or Lunesta.. Although I think there may be some other aids to help you. I let you sleep for a few minutes is all. You did mumble a few times, but seemed rather peaceful. Our time is up for today. We have another hour next week, but I am on call this weekend should anything arise. I suggest you keep a note pad by your bed to make notes about your dreams." 

Susan stood and smoothed her blouse and skirt. She smiled at the doctor and moved to the door. Had she dreamed it? Was her subconscious that askew that she couldn't separate the waking from her sleep. As she ran a hand over her skirt a second time she felt nothing beneath it. She smiled as she left the office, she was certain she had worn panties to the session today. She wasn't quite as far gone as she had thought. Next week would be an interesting session. Unless she needed attention from the on call doctor over the weekend. 

"Good bye, Eric" She called to the man in the office behind her. "Excellent role play today. You sounded like you really knew something about the Psychology of dreams. I do enjoy it when you research the role."