 He sat in front of the computer, nude, just surfing on the internet, and trying desperately to keep his mind off of the redhead sleeping in the room next door. Damnit to hell, he wished she would not have come here by herself. It had taken all of his will power all week long to keep his hands off of her. Especially now that they had been alone in the house for the last two days, and she was going home tomorrow. He had found himself staring at her more than once during the evening while they watched movies and talked. He loved the way the moonlight had illuminated her face while they sat outside in the cold Winter's night and looked at the stars. Even the heater he kept on in the room did nothing to keep the shiver from running through his body. 'Stop thinking like that,' he told himself, feeling his cock twitch at thoughts of her. 'You'll wind up being up all night, literally, again.' 

So wrapped up was he in his thoughts that he barely registered the bedroom door opening, unbidden. He usually kept it locked, so it took several seconds for his mind to register what he had heard. He turned his office chair around while he remained seated, and spotted the vision of her standing in the doorway. Wearing only a satin slip-like nightie that stopped at her hips, his breath caught in his throat at the sight of her. Like a goddess she seemed, an angel come to him on the breadth of the night winds that blew chill across the world outside the walls.

The full moon shining through the cracks in the blinds on his windows illuminated her perfectly, just enough so that he could see every feature, make out every curve. From the light shining in her beautiful eyes, down the slope of her jaw, to the curve of her breasts, across the swell of her stomach and down her bare legs. She had always said she did not like the way she looked -- he had tried to tell her so many times, over and over, that he found her attractive. And that his reactions to her presence did not mean that she was ugly. But still she had doubted herself.

The look in her eyes right now, however, sent a power through his body that he could not even begin to fathom or understand. Immediately his body reacted to the energy he could feel eminating from her, his cock hardening and springing to life. Her eyes lowered to watch him growing and hardening almost immediately, and the light of the devil came to her gaze. How long he had waited to see that look in her eyes, the look that told him that all she wanted to do at this moment was be with him. Now, here she was standing before him in his bedroom -- where he had imagined her so many times before in his dreams.

She approached him without saying a word, teasing him by walking around behind him and trailing her nails across his bare shoulders. He craned his neck to watch her, his eyes becoming hungry, drinking in the feast of her as she moved back around in front of him. She trailed her fingers across his jaw and up to his mouth, lingering there and watching his reactions. Just the nearness of him now and the power of what was developing between them caused her nipples to rise and harden beneath the silky material of her chemise. He wanted so desperately to reach out and tease them, but her next actions took him by surprise.

She reached down and ran her fingers along the head of his cock, rewarded when it jumped under her touch. He grunted loudly, the instant stiffening of his cock taking his breath away, only to have it come back in a rush, his body reacting by causing him to pant loudly. Her smile turned seductive and knowing, and she continued to tease him by running her fingers up and down the stiffness of his shaft. She rolled her bottom lip between her teeth, clearly liking what she was seeing.

His hands wanted to come up and touch her, but he moved them to the armrests of the chair when she turned her back to him. She, literally, reached down between her legs and took hold of his throbbing erection, tugging on it just hard enough so that he would get the idea and scoot forward in the chair some more. When he was sitting on the very edge of the seat she released him. He reached up and grabbed her hips, and before he knew it she was lowering herself down to his cock. Still facing away from him, she gripped the armrests of the chair for support.

Erotic fantasies were coming true right before his eyes. Many nights he had dreamed about this woman, fantasized about her, secretly lusted after her for some time before he finally admitted it to her. The tightness of her hot lustful center made him almost call out in delight, feeling her stretching to accomodate him. His fingers dug into her hips, feeling her settle on him and just stay there for a few seconds.

Then, gently, ever so gently, she began to move atop him, his hands slipping away from her hips and down to her thighs and back up again. Her legs were spread open and were on either side of his, her toes just barely touching the floor. Leaning back with her upper body, her back came into contact with his chest, and his hands moved from her hips up to her breasts. He cupped them, kneaded them and squeezed them through the silky material, his mouth moving to her neck to suckle at her skin. She barely made any noise, though, and this surprised him. All that came from her lips were little squeaks and gasps of delight as they moved together.

It was all too much, too soon. With the warmth of the heater and the unlooked-for intimate encounter, sweat was pouring from both of them. He had no time to control himself, no time to rein in the fierce erotic power that coursed through his veins. It wasn't long before his hands were gripping her breasts tighter as his cock began to spasm within her, filling her with his hot seed. She whimpered and leaned her head back onto his shoulder, her body twitching while her hips rolled against him. The feel of his orgasm brought hers on as well.. but still, she did not cry out. Whispers and gasps of delight were all the noise that she made, and the only sounds soon were the sound of their wet flesh moving together.

They were still for a few moments, each breathing heavily in the too-hot room. His hands moved finally from her breasts, feeling the chemise sticking to her sweating skin as he ran his fingers down her abdomen and over to her thighs. He could feel her muscles flutter in response, and her hands moved to cover his on her legs. He peppered the skin along her shoulder with soft kisses, trying desperately to calm his racing heart. But it was no use. He still throbbed inside of her. He wanted more, so much more.

She knew this... and she wanted more, as well. Slowly she sat up on him, pushing her hands onto the armrests to the chair to help herself stand up, removing her body from his. His cock twitched at the feel of leaving her body, and it made him moan in delight. Damn, he had not felt this excited for a woman in a long time. He wanted to say something, anything, but no words would come. It looked like she would slip away into the night, back to the guest room, without him having the courage to say anything.

Instead, she stopped in the now-open doorway of his room, looking at him over her shoulder. Her red hair stuck to her sweaty neck and strands fell across her forehead. He had never seen her look more beautiful since the first day he saw her. That look, that come-hither look shone in the moonlight reflected in her eyes. His breath caught, and his heart hammered in his chest. Wordlessly she stepped out of the room and across the hall, and he was on his feet to follow her almost instantly. 

He found her standing at the foot of the large bed, her back to him. The moonlight shone through the large window above the headboard of the bed, the curtains drawn back to reveal the velvet canvas of the night sky beyond the Moon and the bright Winter stars. He allowed himself to drink in the beauty of the moment before he approached her from behind, his hands coming to rest on her waist.

She turned in his arms, slowly, her chin lowered, but her blue eyes looking up at him with need, desire, and something he could not quite put his finger on. Running her hands up his chest, her fingernails scraping against his skin, he seized the chance to kiss her passionately. When the kiss broke, he began to speak. But before he could utter more than a word, her fingers were on his lips, shaking her head to tell him she wanted no words spoken. Because none were needed. They each knew what they wanted, and they each were getting exactly that. He smiled and nodded, and soon she was taking control. 

Planting her hands on his chest, she guided him to turn so that the backs of his thighs were against the end of the bed. Giving him a slight push with her palms flat against his skin, he allowed himself to be controlled and moved by her. He lay down on the bed and scooted further upward toward the pillows. His cock stood straight up in the air, pulsing and jumping with the beat of his thudding heart. The moonlight shining on her gave illumination to the beads of sweat still sticking to her forehead, glistening on her shoulders. He could see her breasts clearly through the damp satin. He moved his hand, almost unconsciously, to his rock hard cock, stroking it while he watched her.

Rolling her bottom lip between her teeth, she grinned at him. Knowing that she affected him in such a way made her feel like a sexy, beautiful woman, something she had not felt in years beyond count. His hand stroking his cock while she watched made warmth rise to her cheeks, but she did not look away. He watched her slowly reach up to the thin straps of the chemise and slide them down her shoulders. Clinging to her skin, she had to pull it away so that it would fall to the floor. She now stood completey nude before him, and he knew he would remember that sight for many years to come.

Slowly she crawled up onto the bed on her hands and knees, a tigress looking down upon her prey. He loved the look on her face, the hungry eroticism that flowed from her like a breeze. Crawling right over his legs, he moved his hand from his cock as she approached it. But she did not do what he expected. Instead, she let her body trail over it... across her neck, across her breasts. 'Oh God, those breasts,' he thought, his teeth grinding together. She lowered her hips so that her legs brushed against his, and she parted her own slightly. Leaning down to plant kisses against his chest, she rubbed herself erotically over his thighs and close to his cock. 

It was driving him crazy. He could feel the heat coming from her and their combined juices coating the space between her thighs. His hands gripped the covers underneath him, the torture of having her hovering over his body in such a way making his skin crawl. He felt her move further upward, letting her center brush over his cock. He pushed his hips upward in response, but she moved away from him so that all he came in contact with was her thigh. She moved more up his body, now lying flat against his chest with her red hair falling over her face. 

He brought his hands up from the covers and ran them into her hair to push it away from her face. He stared at her for a few moments, drinking in the sight of her pale skin glowing in the moonlight. He then pulled her face to his to kiss her. Slowly, gently, he tasted her, suckling on her lower lip a time or two as he liked to do. She tilted her head and he let go off her hair, allowing his hands to run up and down her bare back. It was much cooler in this room, so most of the sweat had evaporated from both of them. He was glad of that. 

The kiss gradually deepened, turning eventually into the hot, fiery kisses that soon brought sounds of delight from both of their mouths. His hands gripped at her hips once he felt them move and arch above him. God, how he wanted to be inside of her again. But she did not lower herself onto him. Instead, she moved her body in such a way that his cock slid between her thighs, and then she closed them together around it. It was a sensation both painful and pleasurable, and he groaned loudly into her mouth while they continued to kiss. 

She moved her body back and forth over his, keeping his hardness between her thighs, a sweet torture that he wanted end, and also hoped would last forever. But soon she broke the kiss herself and raised her body up by putting her hands down onto the pillows on which he lay his head. Pulling her legs away from his cock, her breasts hovered over his face. It was all the encouragement he needed to taste them with his mouth.

One at a time, he took them between his lips, teasing and tasting her flesh while his hands explored. One of them would fondle the neglected breast in turn while the other would roam over her skin. He wanted to memorize every inch of her. Every line, every curve, every dimple of flesh. He continued to lavish attention onto her breasts until he felt her nipples peak and harden beneath his lips, then he began to bite on them gently and tug them with his teeth and lips. Rewarded with moans of pleasure from her throat, he felt her hips begin to move against him, seemingly searching for his cock. 

Her head lowered and she watched with fascination as he continued to tease her that way. She thought she would die from the pleasure of it. But she wanted to tease him some more before they joined their bodies together again. Arching her hips and raising them upward, she felt his hand move between them to position the head of his cock against her wet, hot opening. She smiled down at him, the devil's light coming to her eyes. She let just the head rest against her opening but did not lower herself, moving just enough so that she moved over the end of his cock. 

He grunted and groaned in delight, resisting the urge to thrust upward and into her. It would have been so easy to do, she was hovering just over him. He could feel their combined liquids running down his rigid shaft and to his balls, and he thought he was heaven. It was a sweet pain that he did not want to end. The moment was magic between them... hot, fiery, passionate, erotic. He forced his eyes to remain open to watch her face, her lips parted as she panted with delight at the feel of him against her like that. 

He felt like crying from pleasure when, after a few moments of teasing, she lowered her hips just enough so that the head of his cock entered into her, then she stopped herself. She remained very still for a few seconds, then raised her hips up again to remove herself from him. The cold air hitting his damp cock made him shudder and shiver, his eyes squeezing closed in reaction. She giggled softly at him, once more pushing herself down onto him and then removing herself.

His hands took hold of her hips tightly, grunting and trying to stop himself from pushing up into her, content to be her prisoner and endure such torture. He had never known anything like it before. And he certainly never expected it from her, not that he minded, of course. It was soon, however, more than he could bear, and his hands left her hips to wrap around her waist. He gripped her ass tightly, massaging and kneading her flesh until he heard a whisper of sound come from her lips. He looked up at her, and saw the silent acquiesence to his demands. She wanted him inside of her just as much as he wanted it. 

He felt her lower her hips onto him once more, and his hands squeezed her ass and pushed downward, until he was buried up to his balls inside of her. She rose up to sit up completely on him, burying him deeply into her. She arched her back and remained like that a moment, the moonlight lighting her in such a way that made her seem unreal to him. Slowly she began to move atop him, and he matched her movements beneath her. He would be more controlled this time, more careful, take his time and enjoy this. Not that he had not enjoyed the other... but it was too quick for his tastes. He liked to take his time and not rush something so beautiful.

Finally she relaxed a bit on him, bringing her chin downward so that she was now looking at him while she rotated her hips against his. She smiled at him and he returned it, arching his hips upward each time she moved. He took hold of her hand after a moment, pulling on it to bring her upper body back down to him. She lowered herself without complaint, and they began to kiss one another again. His hands moved to her backside once more, squeezing and kneading at the flesh and guiding her movements.

This lasted for what seemed like only seconds, but he could not be sure how much time had really passed. So lost was he in making love to this beautiful woman, this fantasy come to life, that he no longer had recollection of time. It could have been a few seconds, it could have been an hour. But he wanted to take control, as it were, of the situation. As much as he loved the way she had teased him, he wanted to do some teasing of his own at some point. Right now, however, he wanted to thrust into her until she cried with pleasure.

Slowly, gently, he put his arms around her and held her in such a way that allowed them to roll over together without losing contact with one another. And without hurting her. After he managed to settle them, he looked down at her with a smile on his face. He started bringing his hips back and forth to thrust into her, and her legs wrapped around him and locked together. She smiled at him in return before closing her eyes and concentrating on the moment. Her hips moved underneath him, bringing her body up each time he pushed forward. The sensations of making love, although not new to him, seemed all new at the moment. They were new today, new at this moment, new with her. 

He watched her face long after she had closed her eyes. Her lips were slightly parted, her face devoid of the lines and creases he had so often seen there when she was in distress. He reached up to caress her cheek while he continued to push into her over and over again, leaning his head down after a time to whisper sweet words into her ear. Taking the opportunity to kiss on her earlobe, he was rewarded with a yelp of delight when he did so. He felt her tighten around his invading shaft, and so he decided to start licking and finally biting at it. 

Her hands were gripping at his shoulders, moving around to his back. She dug her nails just slightly into his skin, and he moaned into her ear. His movements finally started to speed up, as he felt the intense pressure building within him, the need to fill her completey. He wanted to claim her, to possess her, to mark her as his. For so long now he had dreamed of this. Many nights he had sat up, alone, wishing she would just come walking through his bedroom door. Tonight she did, and he knew that he would never be the same. And he was grateful.

Her moans and gasps were soon rising in pitch, and he could feel the speed of her rolling hips accelerating gradually beneath him. He knew she was close. He claimed her mouth with his and kissed her hungrily, pumping now as hard as he could into her, determined to come with her and ride out the waves of the orgasm together. Her fingernails dug into his back - hard enough to leave marks, he would discover later - and he felt her arch her back and hold herself there. He plunged into her harder, the sudden change in her position sending them both over the edge, his thrusting making the bed shake, the headboard bouncing against the wall behind it. She screamed into his mouth, but he would not release her from the kiss, sucking at her tongue as she spasmed around his spurting cock.

After a few seconds they both stilled, his kisses becoming softer and more delicate as they slowed in intensity. After a long, soft, lingering suckle at her lower lip, he finally opened his eyes to look down at her. She still had her legs wrapped around him, still just as tightly. A final spasm from her hot wetness made him grunt in pleasure. He never knew it would be so good with her. So perfect, so hot, so passionate. 
