 He came to her while she was sleeping, in her dreams. In the time between darkness and light. The warmth of his hand on her cheek caused her to stir; turn towards him. She waited, anticipated his lips on hers. Their heat, smoothness; their desire and hunger for her. When she sensed their silky approach, her own reached up to meet them. With the exchange, the two became one. Hearts and lungs in perfect rhythm. As the embrace deepened, the dance began. Her own fingers sought his cheek... jaw line; the strength found there betrayed by the rapid pulse that accompanied the atmosphere around them. Like an aura. She touched him. She didn't need to open her eyes to see him; her heart did that for her. His arms pulled her in close, filling the void between them. He knew she belonged to him when she slid partially under him. His thigh slid between hers, slowly, savoring the warm, sweet flesh that was aching for him to get closer. Her shapely leg over his hip guided him in.

As his lips traced a path of their own; down her neck, to her shoulder, her tongue found the lobe of his ear. A tongue that tasted the crest of its captor, with the promise of what was to be. In her mind...in her dreams, he would come to her. A gentle groan vibrated in side him, and she felt it in her own chest. A soft murmur, "Yes....Please.." was what he needed, wanted to hear. No other words were needed. In the darkness, the silence was broken solely by the beating of their hearts, the gentle stirrings.

His warm smooth hand slowly grazed her thigh, and he felt its grip tighten. Her warm willing body, opening like a flower for him, offering... His fingers blazed a gentle trail up her belly, only to gently capture her breast; and felt her heart flutter for him beneath it. Her back arched, beckoning him to taste her. When his lips brushed her stiff nipple, then clasped over it, he felt her quiver. His tongue flicked softly at first, then with more urgency. His own passion was taking over as well. He wanted her, needed her. He would settle for no less than to have her; all of her. With every flick of his tongue, his own hardness, pressing against her, throbbed in response. He urged her thigh from his, and pressed it against the bed, wide. She settled back. He rose slightly, on his elbow, in order to allow her to touch him. She took the opportunity to rake her nails slowly up his chest, from his belly. As her fingers got closer to his neck, face, she traced her fingers into his hair, at the back of his head and reached for him. The embrace was different this time. This time she was hungry, starving for him. She breathed him in with every kiss. Her tongue teased the peak of his upper lip, sucked it. She welcomed his tongue into her mouth. Slowly, eagerly. 

Her tongue massaged his, daring his body to take her, and make her his forever. His tongue teased her flesh, randomly branding her; until it settled on her aching nipple. His fingers continued the journey, while his tongue occupied itself with the stiff peak. When his fingers brushed the soft hair of her mound, her heard her cry out, ever so softly. They savored the insides of her thighs, first one, and then the other, rising closer and closer. He paused for a moment, kissed her once again. In the heat of the embrace, his middle finger slid between her slick lips and felt her bud throb. He slid his fingers lower, becoming soaked instantly, and entered her. Her hot velvet softness tightened around it. He withdrew his finger slowly, and rested it once again on her hot throbbing bud. He smiled when her body quivered. His fingers began a dance of their own. With every stroke, circle, vibration, her body responded, thrusting. Taunting him...begging him; pleading not to stop; don't ever stop.... His mouth found hers eagerly waiting as he felt her legs twitching, knowing it would be soon. 

No one but him would feel the growl that escaped her throat as the first wave of spasms engulfed her. As his fingers unrelentlessly commanded her pleasure, his own passion shouted to be released. She pulled him over her, between her legs spread wide. "Fill me..." she purred. Her warm hand enveloped his swollen cock, guiding it to her pounding wetness. As he slowly entered her, memorizing every millimeter of the velvet heat; she wrapped her strong legs around his hips and pulled him in, until he could go no further. He wanted to be inside her completely; in her skin. To be so deep he would share her blood and lungs. The two truly be one. She grabbed her knees so he could go oven deeper. At that point, when his plan was to take her, he realized that he had been mistaken. It was he who belonged to her. She had captured his surrender. His body ached to be released; release it self into her. He started to thrust into her, each time, a little deeper, harder, and faster. As his body pounded into her, her thrusts soon matched his. Harder, faster, deeper, harder, faster, deeper...Like a piston he pounded and she pounded back...

He felt the release raising up his thighs....when the first wave hit him; his growl matched hers, which was only moments before. She matched him stroke for stroke, taking him, draining him. At that moment, all time and space had stopped for him. The moment would have to savored, cherished. He would not have her again until the next time...in her dreams..