 She came into my life in a most obscure way. We started working together back in 1996 or 1997, I can't really remember when because that part of my life is all a blur now. She came into the office one day as a student assistant, one of those we hire while they are still in school. But she was different from most SA's in the sense that she was older. She was a graduate student at the nearby university, and she was nearly my age—27.

When she walked into the office, all eyes followed her. Well, all of the men's eyes followed her. She was medium height, I guessed her to be around five foot, six inches and I was within an inch. Great body, it was obvious that she worked out, at least lightly. Her pert breasts, hand-sized and perfect, strained against a silk chemise, and her toned legs were on display beneath her mid-thigh skirt. Her skin glowed with a slightly bronze tint, the kind you got from spending a good amount of time in the sun.

She was a transfer student from Argentina; she had arrived in the United States by way of Florida. She still had the Argentinean accent in her voice. She pronounced words in a sharp, quick manner—yet her voice still lilted musically when she spoke. I could have listened to her speak days on end and never tired of it.

After a while we got to know each other better. She was an architecture student, and a darned good one at that. I was invited to see her exhibitions, the whole staff was, and I thought her work fantastic. She had a wonderful eye for space and lines. Her buildings and models were always the class of the show.

Unfortunately, it was at one of these functions that I met her husband, Kevin. He was also an architect, though nowhere near the skill of Alexandra. He was a short, balding man; the kind that you wondered what he did to land a girl like Alexandra. Maybe he helped her get into the country or something like that, because I surely couldn't see in him what she must have in order to marry him.

To top it off, Kevin was unpleasant to be around. He was boorish, overbearing, and simply put, a jerk. He was the antithesis of Alex. Whereas she drew people to her with charm and grace, many people avoided Kevin altogether—unless Alexandra was by his side, of course. He knew that he had the prettiest wife in the room, and acted like he was the Alpha Male in a group of apes. I wanted to punch him, but what would have been the point?

The next day at work, Alexandra and I came in at the same time. I spotted her in the parking lot and waved. She came over to meet me. On her way over a strong breeze lifted the bottom of the dress she was wearing, almost to the point above her thighs and revealing more than she would have liked. She fought against the dress and the wind and managed to control it.

She had a big smile on her face when she finally reached me.

"Like the free show?"

"Oh, uh, I wasn't really looking," I replied, trying my best to hide my embarrassment and excitement at almost having seen her essentials.

"Sure, of course you weren't. Listen, would you like to have lunch today?"

I was a little shocked by the question. We had never had lunch together. We hadn't really done much but exchange pleasantries at work. Maybe this was a new tactic on her part to schmooze up the corporate ladder. I didn't know what her plans were after graduation, but maybe she wanted to work full-time for us and it wouldn't hurt to get to know the other workers better if that was your final goal.

"Okay," I said, a little curious as to her intentions.

"It's to apologize for my husband's behavior last night," she said, as if she had been reading my mind.

"What do you mean?"

"You're sweet for not saying anything, but I know he can be a jerk. And you were a sweetheart for putting up with his antics last night. So let me take you out to lunch. Do you know a good place?"

"Yeah, we can go to Antonio's if you like Italian food."

"Oh I love Italian. Let's do it! It's a date, yes?"

"Of course, my dear," I said, trying to be suave but probably succeeding in only sounding like an idiot.

She smiled at me as we entered the building and off she went to her cubicle. I went to my office and couldn't think of a darned thing except Alexandra.

At noon sharp, she poked her head into my office.

"Ready?"

"Yep, let me just wrap up this last email. Okay, let's go."

We walked out of the building and headed to the parking lot.

"Your car or mine?" I asked.

"I'll drive. I like to be in control." She had a sly smile on her face as she said it. I could have been imagining it, but I wasn't sure.

"Whatever you say," I said, smiling back.

Her car was a Sebring convertible. It had leather interior, black body paint with silver trim, loaded with all the options.

"Nice car," I said, wondering how she could have paid for it while paying for tuition and working part-time.

"Like it? Kevin got it for me as a wedding present."

Ah-ha! So he was well off! That explained some things.

"She's a beauty," I said.

We drove to Antonio's. She was a maniac on the road, weaving in and out of traffic, accelerating quickly, braking hard. She had lowered the top, and the wind was making her dress ride higher up her legs. I looked over from time to time, noticing that her thighs didn't get whiter as you went up. She obviously tanned in a bathing suit, or less.

She caught me looking a few times. I was not making an effort to be discreet, and she had looked my way on several occasions while I was admiring her legs. She made no move to pull down her dress.

"Do you like what you see?"

I was speechless at first. I didn't think she would comment on it so directly.

"Yes…yes I do."

"I can tell," she said, reaching over and rubbing my crotch. I hadn't noticed that I was developing an erection, but there it was, plain as day. She rubbed the stiffening mound of my jeans gently, but with some force.

"I like what I'm seeing," she said, "and feeling."

I didn't know what to say at that, but she took the initiative.

"I'm not very hungry right now, are you?"

"No," I said, following her lead.

"Good, let's go to my house. We're less than five minutes from there. We'll be back in plenty of time. I have food at my place if you do get hungry."

Now this was a very forward woman. I liked that. I've always hated the games of dating. Back in college I had played them because you had to if you wanted to have a social life. But once you were out in the adult world, you found other people who were also sick of the games. There were more than a few like Alexandra, who spurned games altogether, but I hadn't really met any that I'd been interested in. But here was a beautiful Argentinean woman, very in touch with her desires and seemingly all the more radiant because of that fact. She was glowing right in front of me.

Her house was a nice two-story building. Not one of those track houses, where you can't tell one from the other. This definitely had style and flavor, with its Spanish influences and accents.

We pulled into the driveway and she led me to the door.

"If you walk into my house, you take the last step," she said with her beautifully sharp accent.

"What do you mean?"

"If you take the last step, then there is no turning back. You are in my world. We will be with each other."

I wasn't quite sure I understood completely, but I wasn't thinking with the head on top of my shoulders at that point.

"Please, let me inside," I said.

As soon as we stepped through the doorway, she grabbed the back of my head and kissed me firmly, the passion flaring back and forth between our lips, our tongues dancing and licking each other. I pushed her back against the wall and ground my hips into her. She spread her legs and let me grind my crotch against hers. I could feel the heat from her groin.

She fumbled with the buttons on my jeans and finally loosened them. She pushed them down around my ankles and I started to hike her dress up above her waist. She pulled her thong underwear down around her ankles and slipped them off.

"This time only," she said.

"What do you mean?" I asked. I hoped that I wouldn't only have one chance at this. That meant I would have to think about something, baseball, death, whatever, to keep from coming too soon.

"This time only will we go this fast. I like to have slow stimulation beforehand. But for right now, I need you inside me!"

I don't know what was sexier, her accent or her quaint way of putting English words together, but she was making a lot of sense to me right then.

"You got it," I said, fumbling to get my pants and underwear off so they wouldn't hinder my movements.

My throbbing member sprang free and rubbed against her belly. I lifted her up against the wall and placed myself at her opening. Her passage gave a little at first, but then the resistance was too great.

"I'm a little tight," she said.

"I'll loosen you up."

I let her down a little and placed my hand on her mound. I began rubbing around with my index and middle finger, finder her spot and her slit. I did a trick that drives every woman I've been with nuts. I slid my middle finger inside of her while palming her pubic mound. I was rubbing her clit and fingering her simultaneously.

"Oh wow! I haven't felt…oh God!"

I could feel her pussy instantly respond. My fingers were slick with her oils. She started bucking against my hand, urging my finger further and further into her. We were still standing, but it wasn't uncomfortable in the slightest. She rested her hands on my shoulders for balance, all the while still grinding herself onto my hand.

She had loosened up to the point where I could also slide my forefinger into her. I used the webbing between my thumb and finger as the stimulant to her clitoral area.

"Oh my God! What are you doing to me?"

"Just tell me to stop if you don't like it."

"Don't. Don't stop."

Who was I to say or do otherwise? But after a few minutes I had to let her down. My fingers were getting tired. She led me to the bedroom.

"I have not shared this bed with anyone but my husband. Now I will share it with you."

"I'm flattered," was all I could think of saying.

"You should be," she said, pushing me down onto the bed with startling force.

She grabbed my shirt and pulled it over my head. She then went to work on her own dress and slipped it off in one smooth move. I reached around and unhooked her bra. Her breasts spilled out and I devoured them with my hungry mouth and hands.

I sucked hard on her nipples, bringing a groan to her lips. She kept pulling on my hair with her hands, running her fingers through my scalp and stimulating the skin on my head.

"God you do that so well," she said, "I could have you suck on me all night."

"You're wish is my command."

I reached down and started fingering her slit. She straddled me and took my fingers out of her snatch. She grabbed my pole and rubbed her thumb over the tip.

"I'm ready for you now," she announced as she lowered herself onto me. She let only my head go in first, and then held me there with my shaft still out of her. She did something, squeezed me somehow with her pussy lips, and started to suck on my dick with her vaginal muscles.

"How are you doing that?" It was my turn to be amazed.

"You'd be surprised at the talents I have down there."

She began taking more of me in. For each inch she would go down, she would rise up a half an inch. It took a dozen or so trips down for her to totally engulf me. All the while she was kissing me with those lips. When she finally sat all the way down, I could feel my balls against her ass. She started to grind forward and backward, contracting her muscles inside to maximize the stimulation.

"Oh damn…oh god…" They were the only words I could muster.

Her grunts of pleasure filled the air. She rocked back and forth and squeezed and released. My penis was on fire. The sensation was too much. I couldn't think of the normal things I usually did to delay ejaculation. All I could do was look down, transfixed at our union, her straddling me, gripping me with her love muscles. She had a look of ecstasy. Her eyes were closed and she leaned back, head tilted up to the ceiling. She was lost in the moment as well.

That was when I lost control and started to climax. I could feel the familiar sensation of tension building and aching for release. I felt her body shudder, and the clenching of her canal changed from a voluntary action to an involuntary one. She was no longer in control of the situation; she was lost in the throes of her own orgasm.

Knowing that I had brought her all the way, my mind let go of the fight. I came with an intensity I hadn't experienced in months. I shot load after load into her. I could feel my cock straining upwards, trying to shoot the seeds deeper and deeper into Alexandra, while her vagina clenched and sucked it up. Our hands were laced and I could feel her fingers tighten on mine. She had opened her eyes but I could mostly see white, they were rolled up from pleasure.

"Oh god I can feel you coming!"

"Can you feel that?" I asked, bucking upwards with each spasm, trying to make sure that each spurt hit her like a bullet.

"Oh baby, yeah I can feel it," she moaned.

When I finished coming she collapsed down on top of me. My dick was still in her, still semi-rigid. I could feel the mixture of our juices. She began to kiss me passionately. I kissed her back and fondled her beautiful breasts. I began kissing her neck. To my surprise, I started to stiffen again. I hadn't even withdrawn yet!

"Again?"

"Yeah, I guess you really turn me on…"

"You are an animal," she said, resuming her rocking motion, bringing me back to life. When I was rock-hard again, I stopped her and rolled her on her back, never letting my cock slip out of her. I took hold of each of her legs and threw them over my shoulders. I began pumping in and out, slapping her ass with my balls. I could hear the SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! of our flesh as I banged against her with all my weight.

"Yes, that's it, deeper," she urged me on with vigor. "I want to feel you all the way inside me. Take me, I'm yours."

That was all the encouragement I needed. My cum had completely soaked her insides and now I could smell the aroma of our lovemaking more than ever. Some fluid had leaked onto the sheets and I thought absently that she'd have to explain that to the old man if he ever noticed. Her pussy was moist beyond belief; she was producing more love juice than any other woman I had known. It's like her body wanted to ease my penetration using any means necessary.

With her legs wrapped over my shoulders, I used my right hand to press her hood and clit down onto my penis, which I was ramming in and out of her like there was no tomorrow.

"Whoa! Holy…oh my…" she said, and then she went on in a string of words (probably in her native language, I couldn't understand it) that conveyed her intense emotions to me in Technicolor clarity. Her nails dug into my back, bringing bright spots in front of my eyes. That was okay, though, it was a good type of pain. 

"Do you like that?" I asked, without stopping or even slowing down. I was still rubbing her clit in a semi-circular motion while pushing it down against the top of my cock. She couldn't say anything in response. She simply nodded and I could see that her eyes were watering. It wasn't long before she arched her back upwards, driving her head backwards into her down pillow, and she uttered a long moan and I could feel her walls clench against my rod. At the same time I released my second load of the day into this beautiful woman. Our mutual orgasm brought about heightened feelings and sensations that I had only heard about before. Now I was caught in the throes of it, and there was truly nothing like simultaneous orgasms.

I collapsed down on top of her, breathing heavily and exhausted from the effort. My dick remained inside of her, slowly losing its rigidity, lying in a pool of our juices. The room smelled of lovemaking and sweat. I didn't know what I was going to tell the office. We obviously weren't going back to work any time soon.

But at that moment I didn't care at all.