 Chapter Two: Breaking Away

*Please read Chapter One to follow Alexandra’s journey into womanhood and breaking free from her parent’s strict Catholic rules and upbringing.

Alexie’s parents, Estelle and Eugenio, eventually found out about the two and a confrontation ensued one evening. After her father got into a heated argument with his youngest daughter he dared her to call Curtis to pick her up since she was not backing down. 

“You want to be with him, against our wishes? Go ahead, call him! Tell him to come and get you!” Eugenio yelled. Then, he said the wrong words, “I dare you!”

Both parents soon learned they should not say those three words to her. Alexie picked up the phone, punched in Curtis’ number and when he answered she told him to come and get her. Curtis knew this day would one day arrive and hoped her parents would see beyond their prejudice against him. 

Within an hour Curtis arrived at Alexie’s front door, told her to get into his truck and wait with the doors locked. When he finally emerged, Alexie’s parents stood on the sidewalk and walked their daughter ride off into the night, leaving her mother in tears and her father in awe.

“Are you okay, princess?” softly Curtis asked as he reached over to touch her thigh.

“I’m okay,” she replied.

Curtis knew her well and didn’t pursue the matter any further with questions. He reached over and pulled his sweet Alexie closer to him as he drove to his apartment. She remained quiet throughout the fifteen minute drive.

He took her by the hand and helped her out of his truck. After securing it he placed his left arm upon her shoulders and walked her into the apartment where she had spent many a days with him. She quietly walked into the bedroom and sat upon the bed, staring blankly. Curtis locked up and walked into the bedroom. His heart sank for her; he didn’t like to see her sad or hurt.

Sitting beside her he took her in his arms, “Come here, baby. Tell me what’s wrong.”

She started to open her mouth then stopped. She couldn’t find the right words to tell him what had happened. Then he noticed the reddish mark upon her right cheek and asked her about it. She refused to say a word until he asked again.

“What happened? Did he hit you?”

When she nodded the tears began to flow and he was torn between anger and anguish. “Why didn’t you tell me this earlier?”

“Because I didn’t know what you’d do or what you’d say,” she apologized.

“No matter what, no one deserves to be hit! Does it hurt?” gently he ran his finger over the slightly swollen cheek. She nodded no.

He held onto her chin, lifted her face up and their eyes met. Instinctively, Curtis lowered his lips onto hers and gently kissed her. One kiss led to another, the passion grew between them and he slowly lowered her onto her back on the bed. She wrapped her arms around his neck and their tongues began dancing, probing one another’s mouths.

Curtis lifted himself off of her and removed his t-shirt, revealing his tanned, taut upper body. He reached down, lifted her upright and helped her out of her top and bra. His eyes welcomed the sight of her large tits and his hand automatically reached out and cupped one of them as he laid her back onto the bed and kissed her. His fingers rolled her hardened nipple between his thumb and index finger causing her to moan and push her chest out towards him.

He nudged her to the center of the bed before planting wet kisses down her neck to her heaving tits. Alexie squirmed when she felt his hot, wet tongue lapping, licking on her nipples one by one. He knew exactly how to get her engines going. She reached up and held his head while he lavished her tits with his tongue and mouth. Meanwhile, Curtis was working on unbuttoning and unzipping her jeans. Once that was accomplished he slowly worked his way down to her waist and continued licking and kissing her bare skin as he slipped her jeans down her hips and legs. 

Alexie felt her jeans as they slipped beyond her ankles and feet. She could hear a slight thump as it hit the floor. Curtis now began to work his way up her inner calves and thighs to the feast that awaited for him, her pussy. He could smell her sweet, musky excitement as he drew nearer and his cock strained in his jeans. He needed relief from his restraints so he climbed off of the bed, stood on the side of the bed and reached for the button. Alexie sat up quickly and brushed his hands away; she was taking control now.

Curtis looked down at her and watched his girlfriend slowly work the button free from the hole then lowered the zipper carefully knowing he never wore underwear. Once that was completed she hooked her fingers into the waistband on the side of his hips and pulled the denim clothing down until it fell on their own accord to his ankles. His cock sprang freely in front of her eyes and the tip bumped her in the face. She giggled and she smiled at her innocence. 

“Suck it, princess,” he softly told her.

She didn’t need any prodding from him because sucking on his cock was exactly what was on her mind. Alexie stuck her tongue out and licked away the dewy droplet of pre-cum clinging to the tip and Curtis took a deep breath. She tasted the salty sweetness then proceeded by swirling her tongue around the tip down to the rim as if she were eating an ice cream cone. This made him moan in delight and this made Alexie happy knowing he approved of her actions.

Finally, she wrapped her lips around the head and worked her way down the long, thick shaft slowly until it pressed against the back of her throat. She knew very well she had to relax or she wouldn’t be able to take all of him down her throat so she eased back, readjusted herself upon the edge of the bed, relaxed her throat and slipped his cock back into her mouth, down her throat.

“Oh, fuck princess!” he gasped, tossing his head back. 

The feeling of his cock penetrating deeply down her throat was heavenly and he was proud of his sweet, petite princess. She had learned a lot and rather quickly. She was also eager to learn and experiment or try something new. 

Alexie always believed in trying something once because if she didn’t she wouldn’t know if she’d like it or not. She was unlike her siblings who were very conservative and never talked about sex or anything related to the subject. She thought they were your typical moral majority, bible clutching people who were, at times, a bunch of hypocrites. She was the prime example of the younger generation who believed in expressing themselves and experiencing life to its fullest and doing it their way. She was the epitome of a Catholic school girl who rebelled against the teachings of the church, nuns, priests and parents.

Curtis knew he couldn’t hold back too long if she kept deep throating his cock so he eased himself out of her very tightly, vacuumed hold. A loud pop was heard when he pulled himself free and she looked up at him, giggling. He smiled and laughed briefly. The look of innocence and lust mingled within her eyes as he gazed at her sitting on the edge of the bed they would be sharing for nights to come. Curtis now had her to himself and did not have to worry about getting her home in time and without being caught. He was relieved and very happy.

He moved towards her and she shifted back onto the center of the bed. She laid her head upon the pillow and he slipped between her legs. He wanted to get back to the place he had left before she lavished his cock with her hot mouth. He got down between her legs, lifted her ass up with his hands and licked at her juicy, wet pussy. Alexie moaned with approval.

He spread her lips with his fingers and found her clit. She squirmed the second his tongue made contact with the hard nub and began lapping at it. Without any thought she reached down between her legs and took hold of his wavy hair between her fingers and pulled him closer to her. She wanted him to take her into his mouth and Curtis knew this. He moved his mouth to her wet hole and stuck his tongue inside. She moaned louder.

“Oh, yes, yes.”

“Mmm,” Curtis muffled from between her legs. 

He probed her pussy with his tongue as if he was using his cock, pumping in and out. She began to writhe around and it made it difficult for him to keep eating her out so he placed a hand upon her just about her pussy and held her steady. Alexie got the message and calmed down.

He then took his other hand and inserted a finger into her wet hole while his tongue moved back up to feast on her clit. This got Alexie hotter.

“Oh, yes! Uh huh, mmm,” she told him. “That feels so good!”

Curtis moved his body upward and planted his lips upon hers. She tasted her own juices upon his lips and loved it. His finger continued fingering her pussy; then, he added another. She was stuffed and happily enjoying him finger fucking her. Her pussy grew wetter and wetter then, she came.

“I’m….oh, God! I’m….cumming!” she cried out.

“Cum, princess! Cum for me! Cum hard!” he urged her orgasm on.

Her hips bucked up and down off of the bed, she was meeting his fingers as they continued thrusting deep inside of her. He felt her juices flowing, coating his fingers then spilling out between her ass cheeks onto the bedding. Curtis prolonged her orgasm by rubbing his thumb across her clit.

“Oh, yes! Yes!!! Yes!!!” she continued crying out until her body calmed and her orgasm subsided.

She was left breathlessly happy but she knew this was just the beginning. Curtis brought his hand up and licked his fingers clean. He loved the sweet taste of her pussy, the one he calls his Princess.

*Another chapter is being written, so stay tuned…