 "Welcome to Victoria's Secret," the woman said cheerfully.

I smiled at her as we walked past. I was just there to pick up a few things so we quickly made our way to the back.

I browsed through the panties and bras trying to find the right ones. I picked out several pairs, plus a bodysuit and a chemise. I pulled him back to the dressing rooms to try them on.

He sat on the bench as I quickly stripped out of my clothes. I pulled the first ones on just to make sure they fit. They fit like a glove. 

I turned around to the mirror to see how they looked from the back. I could see him staring at me. I grinned to myself and reached for the next pair. 

I tried them all on, pretty happy with all of them. I tried the first pair on again just to make sure. I adjusted them so they rode a little higher and adjusted my breasts in the bra. 

I was studying them in the mirror as he came up behind me and pushed me into it. I felt his hands run up my ass as his breath became heavy in my ear. He pulled my hair to the side and kissed my neck causing me to shudder.

"How is it you're so sexy in all of those?" he asked as his teeth nibbled on my ear.

I mumbled an incomprehensible reply as his other hand slid down my ass to press against my lace covered clit. I opened my legs, my head dropping down to rest on the mirror as he slowly teased my heated skin through the lace. 

His tongue traced the curve of my neck. I sighed as his teeth nipped at my skin. 

His hand moved up to brush against my breast. My nipple puckered at his touch. He smiled in the mirror at me as his fingers closed around it.

I moaned lightly as he played with my nipple and kissed my neck. He pulled my hair a little to pull my head back.

He kissed me deeply as his fingers slide inside me. I groaned into his mouth. I was on fire and all he was doing was adding kindling.

His fingers massaged my g spot as I arched into him. His cock poked my ass as he ground on me. 

"Please" I begged as the fire became too much.

He unzipped his pants, slide my panties to the side and pressed his cock against me. I could feel it slip towards my clit and I almost cried out. His hand came up to cover my mouth.

"Shhh, baby," he whispered, "We don't want anyone else to know how hard I'm going to pound your pussy."

His cock slide inside due to how wet I was. I moaned and arched my back taking him deeper.

He grinned as he slide partly out then slammed back inside. I whimpered around his hand.

A knock sounded on the door. "Everything okay in there, Heather?" the sales lady asked.

I nodded before I realized what I was doing. His hand came off and I replied anxiously, "Yes, thank you. Just making sure things fit." She told me to ask if I need different sizes and walked off.

He pulled out and thrust back in. I bit my lip to keep from crying out.

"Mmm, good girl, you're learning," he whispered.

I moaned again and he started slowly fucking me. His hand clamped over my mouth as he picked up the pace. I met his eyes in the mirror and tried not to lose it right then.

He began thrusting hard and fast as his hand gripped my hips. I felt him deep inside hitting my g spot. My legs trembled as I came close.

He felt me clench in anticipation and fucked me even harder. I came all over his cock as he arched back and hit deep inside my pussy.

He yanked me into him as he pounded furiously. I felt him tense. He leaned forward and bit my shoulder as he came inside me.

I closed my eyes and moaned as the pain of his bite mingled with the pleasure of my orgasm. I milked his cock as he slumped slightly into me.

We stood there for a minute catching our breath. He pulled out and I could feel a little bit of cum slide out after him. I grinned at him in the mirror.

We quickly got dressed. I wiped the panties with my own ones as best I could and then stuffed mine in my purse. We kissed deeply once more before opening the door.

I took my purchases to the counter and tried to calm my blushing face as the saleswoman rang them up. 

I paid quickly and we walked out. We giggled in conspiracy as we walked to our car. He pushed me into the car, meeting my eyes. 

He kissed me and said, "Any time you want to try on underwear, I want to be there because that was fucking hot."