 The room was filled with sunlight. It was almost white from the décor and the morning sun streaming in from the French doors. Lara sat at the mirror of her dressing table, applying makeup and perfume, her favorite and his, Paloma. Dressed in a flowered print skirt and soft white, linen blouse, she was waiting for him.

A breeze caressed her back as the French doors opened. The curtains rustled a bit but she did not turn. She was expecting this, smiled and waited. 

Serge approached. He could see the outline of her bra through the white blouse. She had decided to be playful and the garment was a darker shade. Black? No. Pink or red maybe – yes, that's it red. The straps have a satiny shine that is evident even through the linen of her blouse.

Lara watched in the mirror but did not acknowledge his presence with more that a pleased smirk. He had dressed in black in contrast with the room. She took in his silk shirt with her eyes and anticipated its feel when it became her time to explore. But for now it was all up to him. 

He stood behind her now and gently enfolded her in his arms. His hands roamed gently over her torso and he looked not at her but into the mirror to gage her reaction. She tensed slightly and then purred softly.

He could see the scalloped shells of her bra cups encasing her breasts. The red turned the white translucent material of her blouse pink. A tiny hint of lace peered from her cleavage where she had failed to button the top two buttons of the white garment.

He inhaled her fragrance. Her hair surrounded his face and tickled his nose. He breathed her scent deep inside and then let his tongue lash not too gently at the nape of her neck and under the lobes of her ears. His teeth grazed slightly along the back of her neck and then just over her carotid artery where her blood was now rushing at a terrific pace. She exhaled deeply as she realized that she had been holding her breath from the moment he had entered the room.

Not a word had been spoken. Only the sounds of the breeze and her mounting excited mewling. She still did not tun to him. She stared at the mirror and watched his arms encase her in black silk. Her hair hid his face. He appeared to be disembodied. She felt his warmth against her back but he was still not real to her. She began to surrender to her feelings and melt more and more into the spirit of what was about to possess her.

Her gentleness gave way to some aggression as Serge took the folds of her blouse and pulled them apart, spewing buttons in all directions. The scarlet clad breasts waited for him. He weighed them and was pleased with their heft and mass. His fingers rippled over the satin trying to arouse the nipples. One jumped up quickly to tent the fabric right where it was expected. The other was off slightly to the side having shifted in the cup. It too eventually responded to his ministrations.

Lara turned to him and he fell to his knees smothering her lips as they tried to drink each other in. He painted her face with kisses, flicking his lips on her eyelids and reveling in the taste of her.

They rolled onto the plush rug and were intertwined. She clawed at his shirt and pants while he lifted her tits from the bra cups. He then kissed and sucked and even gently ran his teeth over them as she got more frantic. She looked delicious with her skirt and half-slip in total dissarry. 

"Naughty girl", he thought. "You knew I would be here so you wore stockings and garter belt" He took in the sight, took time to admire her sprawled on the floor with a wicked grin on her face. Black stockings and garter straps ran up beneath the loose legs of 'tap style' panties that were a perfect match to her bra. A black half-slip was bunched around her upper thighs. She knew what she had done to him and also knew how she was to be rewarded. Every bit of body language screamed, "come on and do it to all of me"

She had managed to pull his shirt apart and undo his trousers. He stood up and over her as he lowered his pants. He turned away from her so she could see his ass. He knew that Lara loved his ass. He heard her giggle as he did this but he knew she fully appreciated the sight of his round buns encased in black Calvin Klein briefs. She stopped giggling when he turned around and she saw the head of his cock popping out from the waistband. Lara thought, "soon that piece of meat would be mine to play with." She lifted her arms to him and they tumbled into one another again.

He now let his hands and mouth explore every inch of her. He spent an inordinate amount of time fluttering kisses along her belly and thighs. He knew where she wanted his lips and tongue but he held back. He waited; ministered to all the erotic spots she never knew she had. 

The mewling and purring progressed to mild protestation and moaning. As he got closer to the target it became even more urgent. Her hand entwined in his hair. Her hips began to push upward and became very insistent. He could hear her even as her thighs closed around him – "Do it, lick me, kiss me, SUCK ME!"

As he approached her crotch the fragrance made him drunk. She had sprayed Paloma on her sex and it inflamed him even more. Not able to hold back, Serge dived into her cunt working his tongue at a frenetic pace. Her juices filled him with more passion and he drove on encouraged by her writhing and deep-throated moans. He pushed her panties aside and now the combination of her juices and his spit had turned the red crotch into a dark blood like hue.

Her whole nether area was flowing with mingled wetness. He let his tongue leave her clit for a bit as he explored her labia and even the area between her pussy and asshole. The touch of his tongue there made Lara start and jump. No one had ever kissed her on that bit of flesh before. How many nerve endings were centered there?

He gave her little brown hole a few perfunctory licks before returning with renewed intensity to her clit. Her head was swimming. Now he began to work his index finger up her bottom entrance. This scared her and she tightened up. He did not stop though. Her breathing intensified. Hearing this, Serge pushed deeper and was rewarded with the sound of a passionate moan.

"Don't," she pleaded. There was however no conviction in her voice. Serge pushed harder, slowly, insistently all the while sucking and licking her clit with fury. She writhed and cried but soon she gave herself over to the combined pleasure and pain. Suddenly he was totally inside her. Thrusting none too gently as her cunt juice flowed down and lubricated the invading digit. He quickened the pace of all his ministrations.

She was close to the edge now. Her whole being was centered on the sensations in her lower body. She bucked wildly and tried to set the rhythm. He let her take control now as she mashed his face deeper into her crotch. 

Then she screamed.

She shuddered and clamped her legs around his head in a near crushing hold as every drop of fluid inside her moved downward and across his tongue.

The orgasm lasted a good 45-50 seconds and then he teased her with little flicks of his tongue to bring on aftershocks. It took her a few minutes to catch her breath and wipe the tears from her eyes. 

As he took his finger out of her ass, she looked at him with a crazy smile and said, "Your turn."