 I could not believe my eyes when the black pickup truck drove up to the farmhouse and their granddaughter hopped out. I was standing by the barn, hitching up the hay wagon to the farm truck, and had to stop when I saw her run up to the porch to greet her grandparents. They told me she was coming to help with the haying for the weekend, but I had no idea she would be so hot looking.

She had dusty blonde hair, tied in a ponytail that fell below her shoulders. Her cowboy boots came just below her knees and revealed well toned thighs, but it was her tight cut-off jeans and equally tight red T-shirt that made me gasp. I wasn't certain how old she was, but I guessed in her late twenties, or early thirties. 

I had just turned forty-three and wanted to get away from my dead-end jobs as a carpenter, but also a marriage that went south, leaving me bitter and broke—fortunately, no kids. I had been working my way west in my beat up pick-up truck and stayed on Route Sixty-six because of the old song, Get Your Kicks on Route Sixty-Six. I stopped at towns and found odd jobs along the way. Sometimes I slept in my truck, sometimes in a cheap motel and treated myself to a hot shower. 

I had answered an ad for a temporary farmhand on a little cattle ranch called the G&L Ranch outside of Tulsa, Oklahoma. I had just been hired that morning to help with the haying.

Standing there, I watched her hug her grandparents and chat for a minute, and then she and her grandfather came over to me by the barn. I could see she wasn't wearing a bra because her grapefruit sized tits jiggled, and the small peaks of her nipples practically poked through the tight red shirt. 

"This is our granddaughter, Carla...told you she'd be working with you." 

"I'm Josh, glad to meet you, Carla." I shook her hand, smiled, looked into her blue eyes and tried not to look at her nipples. 

She smiled back and had the cutest dimples, but then quickly looked away and seemed tense. I could tell she was shy and uncomfortable around people she didn't know, but sensed by the way she was dressed, that underneath her quiet, shy manner was a sensual, passionate woman, who dressed provocatively and liked men to look at her. 

"The hay is all cut and dry but my baler is busted, so you two will have to bale her up and bring it back to the barn." He looked up at the sky. "It's supposed to rain later today, so you'll have to work fast to get her in." 

"Well, the hay wagon is all hitched up so we're ready to go." I glanced back at it, then at Carla. 

"Good," her grandfather said. "I'll be in the North pasture fixing the fences, so I'll see you all at lunch." 

"Hop in the truck, Carla. Let's get started," I said, walking towards it. 

"Just a minute," she said and ran to her truck and came back wearing a straw cowboy hat that somehow made her look even sexier. I was in the truck, waiting and put on my red faded baseball cap over my long, shaggy brown hair. 

"Okay, I'm ready," she said when she climbed in, but didn't look at me.

We took off and Carla was quiet as we drove up the bumpy road to the field. I glanced over at her and could feel she was tense by the stiff way she sat with her hands folded on her lap.

We didn't speak, but a few times she turned to me and our eyes met, but then she'd quickly look away again. I think she liked being in the truck with me, but her shyness made her tense and apprehensive. I wanted to get her to relax. 

"Nice folks, your grandparents. I'm glad I got this job," I said, trying to break the ice.

"Yeah, I love them and I like coming out here to visit and help." She glanced at me, then turned to look straight ahead. 

I kept looking at her bare legs and her breasts straining the tight t-shirt and thought how I would love to move my hand on the inside of her smooth, tan thighs. I was turned on, but had no idea how I could get past her shyness. 

"So, Carla, do you have a man in your life?" I asked, looking over at her. 

"No, I don't." 

Again, she glanced at me, then back out the window and was nervously biting her lower lip.

"I'm surprised. I'd think a sexy woman like you would have guys chasing after you." 

She blushed when I said that. 

"You're blushing." I chuckled. 

"I'm not used to men saying I'm sexy." 

"Well, I think you are...very sexy." 

"Thank you." She glanced at me, her face still pink, then quickly turned away. 

I could tell she liked my saying that, but she just looked straight ahead with her hands folded tighly on her lap. I knew she was mulling over my words. I was hoping by letting her know I liked how she looked and making little sexual comments I would penetrate her shyness and arouse her. I guess you could say I was slowly trying to seduce her and, like I said, I had a feeling about her and hoped I was right. 

When we reached the spot where the hay was cut, I stopped the truck, and we both hopped out and looked out at the field. I was admiring the open space and the way the hay glowed in the hot morning sunlight, then, after a minute, went to the back of the truck and got the big ball of twine we would use to tie the bales. I threw her a pair of work gloves and put mine on. 

"Let's work together," I said. "We'll make up the piles of hay, and then you'll hold them in place while I tie and cut the twine with my penknife."

Carla nodded and we got to work. We worked smoothly and quickly, and I could tell she was used to this kind of work by how tightly she was able to gather the hay while I tied. We kept glancing at each other, and I tried to get a conversation going, but she answered in short sentences. Still, I could feel there was something in the way our eyes met that made me know she liked being with me and was relaxing.

I told her where I was from, that I was drifting from place to place along Route Sixty-six because of my fascination with the historic highway. I asked if she knew the song about getting your kicks on Route Sixty-six, then chuckled, "So far I haven't had any kicks, but was hopeful." I looked into her eyes and smiled, suggestively, then quickly added, how I happen to be in the area and saw the ad. 

"So you like adventure," she said, after a silence and looked at me and had a slight, playful smile on her lips that surprised me. 

"Yep, there's nothing like a little adventure to put some spice in your life." 

"Maybe that's what I need...a little adventure." She closed her eyes and looked away. 

I nodded and didn't say anything but felt her discontent. 

While she gathered up the piles of hay and held them tightly, I tied and cut the twine. We were standing pretty close to each other and a few times I caught her glancing at me then quickly turn away. 

"You're really good at this, Carla. I like strong women." 

"You do, do you? And why might I ask do you like strong women?"

She had that slight, playful smile and I sensed she was relaxing enough to tease me.

"I think it's sexy and strong women are usually passionate, and I like passion."

Carla didn't say anything, but just held the hay with her gloved fingers while I tied. 

"I have a feeling you're a passionate woman."

"Thank you," she responded and blushed. 

"You're blushing again." 

"I guess I'm not used to this kind of conversation." 

"So do you think you're a passionate woman?"

She hesitated. "Yes, I think I am, but I don't have much opportunity to be passionate," she added and sighed. "I think I'm too shy."

"I can see you're shy, but I think you're sexy. Do you like men looking at you?" 

She hesitated again, her blue eyes looking up at me."Yes, I like it." She swallowed and took a deep breath. "But then I don't know what to do." 

I looked at her tits and how her shirt clung to her sweaty body.

"Do you like how I'm looking at you?" I made sure she knew where I was looking before raising my eyes to hers. 

"Yes," she answered, looking at my eyes, then turned away. 

"Good," I said, nodding and sensing that being in this open field alone with me was helping her relax. 

We were both quiet as we continued working. A few times our gloved hands touched, or our arms and shoulders bumped when she held the hay and I tied.

"We're getting to be a pretty good team," I said and smiled. 

Again, our gazes met, but this time she didn't look away, and I saw that slight smile on her lips. She didn't say anything, but I knew she was feeling more comfortable and liked how I was talking and looking at her. 

Within two hours or so we had tied up about fifty bales and left them in their spot as we moved on. It was getting hot and both of us were sweating. I stopped and took out the piece of towel I had in my back pocket, took off my cap and wiped my forehead. Carla took off her straw cowboy hat and wiped her brow with the small cloth she had. Her t-shirt was wet from sweating and clinging to her body, making her nipples stand out even more. 

Again, she saw me glance at her tits, but neither of us said anything. 

"How about a five minute break, then we'll get the rest of it," I said and sat down on the last bale we tied. 

We took off our gloves and she sat down next to me. There wasn't much room on the bale. Our thighs touched, but neither of us moved. I could feel her warm bare thigh pressed against my thigh and how her tight cutoffs pressed against her crotch. She didn't move her leg away and knew I was making progress. 

"Sure is hot," I said, noticing how strands of her blonde hair stuck to the back of her sweaty neck. She tugged at her tight t-shirt, pulling it out to let some air in. Her bare legs had pieces of hay clinging to them.

"I'm surprised you're wearing those short cut-offs to do this haying."

"Well, they're much cooler in the heat then my other jeans--that's why."

"They look good on you and it's smart to be comfortable in this heat."

"Yeah," she said, looking at me, and then out at the field where more cut hay lay. She looked up at the dark clouds and pointed. "Looks like we're going to get some rain soon, we better hurry." 

"You're right," I said, nodding and stood up, then surprised her by taking both of her hands and pulled her up off the hay bale. When she stood up, our bodies were close, practically touching. I kept hold of her hands, smiled and saw her surprise, then suddenly felt the urge to hug her. 

I made a bold move, not sure how she would respond and wrapped my arms around her, pulling her to me. She didn't push me away. Quickly, I moved my hand down to her round ass and held her to me, pressing my body against her. I knew she could feel my hard cock, but she let me hold her.

Our lips moved closer as I held her to me. I was grinding slowly and wondered what she would do, but she started moving with me. Then I kissed her hard and my probing tongue opened her mouth. She took my tongue and surprised me when she responded with hers. I continued grinding against her. My hands squeezed her ass through the tight cut-offs and felt the frayed edges and the skin of her ass cheeks. Still she didn't stop me, but continued to kiss and grind. She spread her legs wide apart, arched her back and started to slide her jean covered crotch up and down my bulging cock. Her cowboy hat fell to the ground. I was surprised how she responded like that and knew I was right. She was a real hottie under that shy exterior. 

Her firm round ass felt good in my hands and we continued to slowly grind, moving a little faster, moaning as we got hotter. She pressed harder against my cock. Her hands gripped my ass. She spread her legs farther apart and pulled me closer while arching her back. Moving faster, we slammed against each other, practically fucking through our jeans, both of us getting hungrier. 

Suddenly, she pushed me away, gasping, her face flushed, and I could tell she liked what happened, but then got scared and backed off. "We better get back to work." she said, breathing heavily, swallowing. She gazed into my eyes, then looked away, panting, slightly flustered, then looked back at me. 

"You're right," I said, not wanting to let go of her ass. "We better, or we won't get this hay in before it rains." 

My hard cock was still throbbing, and I saw her glance at the bulge in my jeans, her face flushed. She swallowed and looked at me, still panting, then I noticed a slight smile on her lips, letting me know she liked what just happened but was also stunned and bewildered. 

She bent over to pick up her cowboy hat, then put on her gloves and walked away, her hips swaying slightly. My eyes were fixed on her ass straining her tight cut-offs. 

I knew it was just a matter of time and that what just happened was the beginning of wild afternoon. We quickly got to work and didn't say anything, but clearly there was tension and anticipation building. Both of us were quiet as she piled up the hay into a bale and I tied. She moved to gather more hay and began forming the next pile. We had a good rhythm going. 

While we worked, we kept glancing at each other but didn't speak. I liked how her sweaty t-shirt clung to her body and revealed her tits and nipples. When she bent over to gather more hay, I gasped at the sight of her round ass straining her tight cut-offs. My cock bulged in my jeans. 

Though the sexual tension between us was there, we worked hard for the next hour as the sky grew darker and the wind picked up. "We better get the hay in the wagon and back to the barn," I shouted. 

"We only have a few more bales," she said. "Go get the truck and wagon while I get these bales."

"Okay, I'll be back in a few minutes." I looked up at the dark clouds, then ran past all the tied up hay bales towards the truck. We would have to work quickly to load up the hay wagon and get back to the barn before the rain. 

I drove up around the hay bales to where she was waiting but then noticed something was different. She stood with her hands on her hips, her legs slightly apart, the seam of her tight cut-offs pressed against her crotch. The way she stood forced her tits to strain her sweaty red t-shirt. 

While she watched me get out of the truck, she had a slight smile on her lips and for some reason her eyes seemed more confident, no longer shy, almost brazen and seductive. Her straw cowboy hat resting on the back of her head. Something had changed. It was as if she he decided to let go and let something happen. I wasn't sure what, but there was something in her eyes and her smile that excited me. Why is she looking at me like that? What's going on with her?

I had maneuvered the truck so that it faced the direction of the barn. We started loading up the hay wagon, working our way backwards. I was impressed with how strong and energetic she was. She stood at the rear of the hay wagon and I tossed her the bales which she lifted and walked toward the front and piled them up. 

I would get in the truck and drive another fifty feet and start that routine again. We worked quickly and soon had the wagon almost filled with the hay, but we had a little more to do. 

"We better hurry," she shouted, both of us looking up at the approaching dark clouds and felt the stronger wind.

"We'll make it," I shouted, tossing another bale to her which she added to the pile. The wagon was filled and wouldn't hold much more. Finally I threw her the last bale which she lifted and put on the top of the stacked pile. When she stretched, her tight cut-offs rose, revealing her ass cheeks below the frayed edge. I was already hard and when she jumped down from the rear of the wagon, I caught her as she fell forward against me. I fell to the ground, pulling her down on top of me and she straddled me. Though she was surprised at first when I grabbed her ass, she leaned over me and we kissed and she started moving her crotch over my hard cock.

While we kissed, our tongues swirling in our mouths, we started grinding harder as my hands squeezed her ass, urging her on. Suddenly, she was moving harder and harder, no longer shy, but now letting her sexuality loose, grinding faster. "Oh Fuck!" she gasped, lifting her mouth from mine as she rocked back and forth, pressing harder against my cock, becoming more aggressive. "Man, this feels so good," she said and kissed me fiercely. 

I was surprised at how she had suddenly turned from a shy, quiet woman into an inferno of passion, grinding her tight jean covered pussy against my hard throbbing cock. She leaned forward, putting her arms over my head as she rocked harder against me and looked down into my eyes, "I want you to fuck me hard!"

I have to admit I didn't expect those words, or for things to happen so fast, but I was happy to have uncorked the bottled up Carla. I was right. Behind her shyness was a hot sex fiend. 

"You want this hard cock, don't you." 

"Yeah, you know what I want." She growled and I couldn't believe the amazing change in her. I got me a wildcat.

Suddenly, we felt raindrops as we lay on the ground practically fucking through our clothes. We kept going at it, ignoring the first few rain drops. I pushed her onto her back, got on top and spread her legs, then started grinding my cock harder and looked down into her hungry eyes. "You're going to be my little slut, aren't you?" I was surprised I had said that. I knew she wasn't a slut.

"Maybe," she said, smirking at me. "If you think you can handle me."

The rain started coming down harder and I got up. I pulled her up and we smiled, looking into each others hungry eyes. 

"You'll see how I can handle you." 

"Oh, yeah," she said with a devilish grin. 

We hopped into the truck and I drove down to the barn, driving pretty fast, bouncing up and down on the rough ground, trying to beat the downpour. 

At the barn, she hopped out and opened the barn door and I backed the hay wagon in before it really started to come down. The truck was outside, but the hay wagon was in the safety of the barn. 

I saw Carla's grandfather driving his truck down from the other field. He saw that we had backed the wagon into the barn and waved. He parked down by the house, got out and ran up onto the porch to get out of the rain and yelled through cupped hands, "Good, you got her in just in time." 

Carla stood in the barn's entrance and waved. "We'll be down when the rain stops," she shouted. 

Her grandfather waved then went into the house. 

Carla looked at me, sitting in the truck. She stood inside the barn's entrance and yelled at me, "Get in here, mister."

I hopped out of the truck and dashed through the rain to the barn.

Carla smiled and then ran toward the rear of the barn to a ladder that went up to the hay loft. With her hands and one foot on the ladder, she yelled, "If you want me, come get me!" She smiled and then started climbing up the ladder.

I followed and got to the ladder just as she got to the top and liked how she smiled down at me while I had my eyes on her ass straining the tight cut-offs. When I got to the top, I saw several hay bales piled against the wall at the other end of the barn. Actually, I had my sleeping bag up there because that's where I was sleeping. It lay open in the corner of the loft, "Welcome to my bedroom," I shouted.

It was pretty dark in the loft and the rain was now beating hard against the roof, but there was light coming from the open loft door and the barn door below. Carla backed up towards the pile of hay bales stacked against the wall as I moved towards her. Our eyes were locked on each other as she continued backing up, luring me to her. 

She pulled the rubber band from her ponytail letting her light brown fall below her shoulders. 

I couldn't believe how this shy, quiet woman had become a wanton vixen. 

Neither of us spoke as I moved closer to her. She was now leaning back against the pile of hay bales with her bare legs spread apart, her cowboy hat and boots adding to her sexiness. She arched her back and spread her legs wider apart. The seam of her tight cut-offs pressed against pussy. 
