 Kate was never happier than when a new boyfriend finally allowed her to dress him. She knew she had good taste, after all, wasn't she always turned out perfectly? After a hard morning in the stores Owen stood in front of her, looking the way she had always wanted him to; gone were those wretched over-long, loose skate pants. No more long sleeved t-shirts with the elbows blown through. The olive chinos, flat fronted and easy in the leg showed off his firm buttocks and mountain biker's thighs to perfection. Kate knew he was a little self-conscious in "city clothes" as he called them, so she hadn't forced him into the fine charcoal wool pants she had preferred and had struck a happy bargain with the chinos. 

In place of the nasty baggy t-shirt was a light v-necked cotton sweater over a fine, tight t-shirt that clung a little to his skin. "...are you sure this looks... right, K? I'm not sure, it's all a bit, you know, different." 

"Different better, sweetie, much better." Kate hit him with her 150 watt smile and Owen smiled back, plucking at his pectorals and shifting in the Birkenstocks she had decided on in the store a block down from the loft. 

"Time for lunch I think, hon. You want seafood?" Feed him up on protein and then finish off the clothes hunt in an hour or two. 

"Seafood would be great. How much is this stuff anyhow?" Clouds of doubt scudded across his lightly tanned face "I've only got fifty bucks on me..." 

"Don't worry, I'll charge it. Let work pick up the tab." Working as a stylist had its perks. Cheap clothes, frequent changes of scenery and the perfect pick up line for men, Kate smiled to herself and passed the corporate charge card across. 

Owen was a real find. A tour of the local skate parks had turned up a whole gallery of "characters". Guys whose main objective in life appeared to be accumulating as many scars and piercings as possible. Kate had put models in Givenchy in front of them and used them as the perfect urban backdrop. After all, what could be more urban than a 19 year old with a home-done crop, an ear full of rings and the scars of gashes he and his friends had sewn up? 

One of them had been cute enough to interest her; she had already nabbed Owen's number by then, and had decided to try one of these ripped up youths for size. After the shoot she'd packed the models and photographer off and turned her attention to the guy who she'd asked to stick around when they wrapped.

Al, Alex, whatever he called himself, had a tear that ran up his ribcage that fascinated her. He said that he had been riding a concrete wall downtown when he had hit a peg planted by the building's facilities people to catch out skaters. He said he had been lucky, that he'd only caught his side, rather than crack his head. "Ain't no home fix for a busted skull," he'd said, brightly. 

Happily, Al was a clean "dirty skate boy" and had cheerfully jogged off into the shower at her apartment when she had suggested it. While Al showered Kate had slipped out of her clothes and into the fine silk robe she favoured when entertaining. She found a fresh thong still in its wrapper and quickly changed into it, enjoying the slightly stiff feel of the new cotton against her. 

He came back into the main room wearing a pair of trunk style boxers he'd found in the laundry cupboard and proceeded to show her every scar he had. It was an impressive collection. From head to foot he was a light patchwork of new and fading scar tissue. 

Only after she had expressed what he must have considered an appropriate level of interest in his gruesome gallery, did Al consent to drop his shorts. As Kate had suspected he wasn't long, but his filling cock had the look of being good and thick. What surprised her was what he called his "prime cock jewel". Just behind the head of his prick a bar, finished in two heavy silver globes, was becoming apparent as his foreskin began to slip back. 

"Chicks dig it." Al had announced. He had also trimmed his pubic hair, the better to display the work, she assumed. 

That is never going in my mouth - Kate had thought. Her orthodontic work had cost her parents a couple of thousand dollars and she wasn't going to risk it. 

"Bet you've never had one like that." Al had been watching her face and had a smirk in place. 

"Not quite. Didn't it hurt?" She asked looking up from the piercing to his cheerful face. 

"Like a mother, wouldn't lose it now though. Wouldn't be the same, looking down and not seeing it there." 

Kate was fascinated, appalled and fascinated and had drawn a little closer to get a better look. The heavy bar ran right through his shaft. She could see the way the skin had re-grown around the length of surgical steel and reached out to touch it. 

"I thought it would be cold." Kate suddenly felt foolish, standing there with a scarred up skater's ornamented dick in her hand. 

"Nah, too close to the body to be cold. Feels different to the rest though, doesn't it?" 

Kate had to agree that it did, the hard steel of the bar was counterpoint to the warm flesh that surrounded it. Kate's mouth began, involuntarily, to water and she ran her tongue tip over her lips. She looked up into Al's smiling face. 

"I guarantee that I won't chip your teeth. Hasn't happened yet." His eyes crinkled with mirth. 

How Al had known? Kate wasn't sure. She guessed that other women had expressed the same fear to him and Al had quickly learnt to reassure them and go easy. 

"Want me to sit on the bed?" 

Again he had beaten her to it. He's done this before she concluded. Al had been the only one to talk to her like a normal human being; the other guys at his particular park seemed to think non-skaters weren't really regular people. They'd taken the offered money and done as the photographer had asked, but that was it. There had been no further connection. Al had been upbeat and had joked with the photographer's assistant and Kate. She was at a loose end and had decided to take him home. Al had been quite willing to be fed by the magazine lady, and was quite unconcerned when she had suggested they go back to her apartment after the food. 

The view from the window reflected the apartment's height. You could see clear across half the city from there. Sometimes Kate just liked to sit and watch the traffic crawl through town. At the moment, however, she was looking squarely at the smiley-face Al had thoughtfully had tattooed near his navel as her tongue swirled around the top of his cock and tasted the strange, metallic tang that the bar imparted. Al had the pleasure of looking out of the picture window while she ran her tongue around his swelling flesh. 

Rapidly his cock reached full hardness; it was, as Kate had suspected, not over long, but impressively thick. She found herself forcing her jaws wider to get more than just the crab apple sized head of his cock into her mouth. Kate could feel the bar rolling against her teeth as she got Al's length sucked down. Deep throating a guy was one of her most arcane skills, the product of years of practice, but Al's dick fitted neatly into her mouth and she started slowly to rub her tongue across the base of his glans and increased the insistent vacuum around his shaft. With her free hand she rolled his almost hairless balls in her palm, the short hairs were quite soft. 

Kate felt Al take hold of her hair; he had sat quite still looking out of the window with a small smile on his face for several minutes, now he lifted her head off his cock and urged her down onto the floor in front of the picture window. 

"That was nice, but now I want to fuck." There was something about the blunt way that he made that statement the Kate found intensely exciting. Even though she had picked him up, Al had moved into the driving seat. 

"How?" Kate sat in front of the sheet of glass looking up at him with the cold glass at her back she felt exposed. Al had his dick in his hand and was slowly bringing himself to full hardness again. She shucked her shoulders out of the silk robe and it pooled about her. 

"Get on all fours, I want you from behind. Don't take those panties off, I'll do that myself." 

Kate felt round herself with her left arm, taking her bra off would only take a moment and would leave her 32B tits for him to work on. "Who the fuck told you to take the tit bag off, magazine lady?" 

For a moment Kate was confused and looked up startled into his face. She was reassured by what she saw there, this was all part of the game for him and she turned away and shifted on to her hands and knees. Kate heard him move behind her and felt his breath on her back. Then she heard him take a big suck of air through his nose and was surprised by Al shoving his nose and most of the rest of his face against her Calvin Klein covered pussy. 

"Fuck; you smell nice." She sat back and wriggled a bit against him, leaking more juice into her soon to be sodden thong. 

There was a stinging slap against her ass cheek that made her yelp and jump a little and she heard Al laugh darkly. This had been a good idea, Kate told herself as the pleasurable warmth of the spank travelled up her body. 

Al shifted behind her; Kate could feel his body heat against her back. She felt an insistent pressure across her mons, and then the fabric of her thong slipped between her plump pussy lips and dragged itself across the inner surface of her cunt. What the fuck is he doing? Kate looked up into the glass and could see the outline of Al reflected in the glass, the waistband was in his mouth, and he was tearing them off her with his teeth. Al started to laugh, deep in his throat and Kate felt it reverberate down the taught fabric straight into her. 

Suddenly the pressure of the fabric slacked off and there was a small ripping sound. The Calvins had finally given way. Kate watched as Al took the remnants of the white cotton undergarments and pressed them to his face. He took an enormous breath through the fabric and them balled them up and tossed them into the recesses of the room. 

"Ah, man, that's nice." Kate smiled and wriggled her hips again for him, opening herself to him a little. 

Al's smile grew larger as he moved closer to her newly exposed flesh. Kate felt him run his callused hands down the line of her spine from the nape of her neck to the depths of her ass. Then he leant in, but rather than the touch on her clit she had been aching for she felt him begin to work softly, but insistently, at the puckered star of her asshole. Quickly Al picked up speed and she began to feel a little lightheaded; his tongue, a surprising stiff tool, quickly wormed its way just inside her ass. Kate began to grind her hips against his face as the orgasm she was beginning to feel the approaches of, built. 

Then, as suddenly as he had started Al stopped. Kate heaved a deep breath and looked into the glass. She could see him looking back at her, a huge smile on his face. 

"What the fuck did you stop for?" Kate managed to choke out, his smiled widened. 

"Didn't think you were into it, decided to stop." 

"Not into it, you fucker, I almost broke your nose. I wanna cum, make me cum you dumb fuck." Still looking at his reflected face, Kate watched his expression harden. She felt a moment of uncertainty rush through her, had she gone too far? What would he do to her; after all he was a stranger... 

A sharp, stinging slap, not the playful one of before, caught her full across the cheeks and spilled across the wet bud of her asshole. She jumped, surprised, and let out a yelp. 

"I'm in charge, magazine lady, and don't you forget it," Kate felt the hot flush on her cheeks and found herself grinding her thighs together almost involuntarily. "What the fuck, don't you try to bring yourself off! Goddamn! You are one sneaky, horny woman." 

Al whacked his hard hand down across her behind again. This time she had tensed her buttock muscles, it didn't make it any less painful, but the sensation was slightly different, more intense. 

Kate dropped her head, deciding to play the ashamed, chastened "magazine lady". She also knew that by lowering her head she was levering her cunt higher into the air, Al didn't disappoint her. There was a moments' pause and then she heard him suck his fingers briefly into his mouth, wetting them. Then his other hand griped her hair hard at the roots and tugged her head back fiercely as he shoved two of his fingers into her cunt. 

"Ahhh, fucker," she wailed, "make me cum, fucker." 

"What is it you want, slut?" Al's voice came close to her ear; he was leaning over her, pressing his blunt erection into her buttocks. Kate could feel the pressure of the blood as it rushed through his engorged cock and knew positively that further foreplay could serve no purpose. 

"I wanna get fucked. Please, Al." Kate's inner thighs were becoming wetter; she was leaking all over the rug and didn't care at all. All she wanted was to convince Al to shove his outrageously thick cock into her and get her off. 

He relaxed his hold on her hair a little and Kate tensed as he dragged his cock-head across her warm flesh. Al slipped his dick down the furrow of her ass, skipped across the opening to her cunt and began slowly to massage her clit with his thick, blunt probe. Kate found herself holding her breath, forced a ragged exhalation and started to breathe slowly and carefully; trying not to anticipate the moment when he would enter her, just enjoying the moment. 

"Not afraid of Al's cock jewel now, heh?" She shook her head as far as she was able; he still had a hand caught in her hair. 

"What do we say?" Kate looked again into the dark glass of the window, and saw Al looking back at her. 

"Please, Al... Oh... Christ." As she spoke he began to drive his cock into her and she stammered the words out. 

She could feel herself forced wide by his dick; the sensation of being stretched was unlike anything she had felt before. His cock felt like a solid block being pushed into her. There was no way he could slip anything to any woman, getting him all the way into her would take no little effort. "Wait a sec, baby. God that feels nice." 

"Corkscrew your hips around a little that often helps." His voice sounded strained, and Kate looked over her shoulder at him. 

She could see from his face that what he wanted to do was pound his meat into her until she screamed, but he was holding himself back, waiting for her to get used to his prodigious girth. 

Kate did as he suggested, concentrated on moving her hips in a gentle circular motion, she could feel the hard metal of his bar as a contrast with the hard flesh of his erection. Kate had never been so conscious of the depth a guy's dick was reaching before. The surprise of the first few moments was fading. Being replaced by a sense of satisfaction, like a full stomach after a good meal, dropping her head again she started to grind against him. Al took that as his green light, and at once began pulling and twisting his prong out of and then into her. 

The familiar rising feeling of an orgasm began to move up Kate's throat. She could feel her back and neck beginning to flush crimson, the colour increasing to match the deep rose of her engorged cunt flesh. Al stepped up his pounding, soon he was lunging into her, his belly slapping against her ass as he reached the end of his stroke. Every now and then he would pause at the very apex of his movement, leaving only the top of his cock within her, then he would surge forward again and Kate would feel the metal beads on either side of his glans run all the way from the top to the bottom of her vagina. 

After a couple of minutes of this exquisite torture; the plunge, slow withdrawal, pause and plunge again, Kate found herself beginning to cum in earnest. As she tensed Al pulled back hard on her hair, forcing her to arch her back, the painful complaints of her roots mixed with the cascade of pleasure that was spilling out of her groin. She started to emit a series of short grunts and Al redoubled his pace, pushing and pulling his cock in and out of her faster than she thought possible. 

Kate's mind went blank and she groaned gutturally before slumping to the carpet, her cunt still spitted on Al's erection. She coughed into the rug, and pulled herself off him, falling forward a little to lie at the foot of the glass, her back pressed against the cold, impervious material behind her. Al had sat back on his haunches, his cock jutting up from his groin, and waited for her to speak. It took a moment. 

"I, er, I mean... that was nice. Umm thanks." She managed to squeeze the words out. He was grinning at her now, and idly playing with his balls. 

"You ready to go again, magazine lady? I still haven't cum yet." There was a laugh in his voice, Kate realised that he got off on doing this to upscale chicks like her. She decided that this time she would be in charge. 

"Absolutely. Come over here, boy. Bring that blunt thing you call a dick with you." She reached around behind herself and unsnapped the bra, her B-cup breasts hove into view as she dropped the garment. "I want my tits sucked first. Hard." 

"No problem." Al slid close to her and took her right nipple into his mouth. 

Without waiting to be asked he began to suck at her tender flesh, rolling the nipple against his upper teeth first, before squeezing the pink bud with his canines, hard. Again Kate gasped and realised that she couldn't truly call the shots here. Al was a prodigy, and he knew it. Expertly he worked first one nipple, then the other in his mouth, and then he began to lick her left tit all over like a cat. She realised that she wanted him in her again. 

Kate slid her hand down his torso, following the line of the scar, and unhesitatingly grasped his moist cock. Damp with my juice, she though to herself. All the while his tongue continued to worry at her breasts. 

"I need it again." Al broke from her nipple and looked up at her. 

"Wot?" He said, rolling away from her slightly. "You want more of this?" He nodded at his groin, where her hand remained at the root of his erection and the smiley face beamed its welcome at the world, "I'm not sure you deserve it." 

"Believe me, I do," as she spoke Kate began to drag her hand up and down his length, squeezing briefly (but hard) as her hand reached the crown of his erection, "From the side, I want to hold your balls as we fuck, I want to feel you shoot your load into me." 

"Since you put it like that, okay." As she spoke Al's eyes had taken on a dreamy, faraway look. Obviously he wanted to screw again as much as she did. 

Kate released his dick and rolled onto her left side, she parted her legs and then reached down and began to play with her clit. She knew that he could see everything; the look of disappointment that had crossed his face when she had let go of his cock was replaced with his broad smile. 

"I need you here." As she spoke Kate slipped two of her fingers into her cunt and began to move them slowly in a circular motion. "Think you can manage that?" 

Al didn't bother to speak, he moved forward on his knees until he straddled her left thigh. Her right leg was pressed across him just above the hips, waiting to be bent out of the way. He gripped her ankle with his right hand and pulled her leg taut before running his hand down to her thigh. His dick was aimed straight for her greedy pussy mouth; he was waiting for her to get her fingers out of the way. Kate continued to toy with herself until, with a short snort of impatience, Al pulled her hand away. Without pause he thrust his dick into her, then grabbed her pussy slicked fingers and shoved them into his mouth and sucked greedily on them. 

"Sweet, nice." Al released her hand and began to make slow, short thrusts that drove his cock, blunt as it was, deeper into her. With him between her thighs, Kate could press hard on his erection and begin to milk the spunk out of him. With Al caught so deep within her, Kate could feel every ridge and bump of the cock inside her. For a couple of moments she just lay back and enjoyed the sensation of him working his burning hot length in and out of her. Then she remembered her promise. 
