 There's something special about spring in New Orleans. I know of no other city in the States that has the international flavor of New Orleans. I go there quite often. The French Quarter is so full of interesting people. I was in the French Market, an open air market where you can buy just about everything from fruits and vegetables to jewelry. It was unusually crowded this Friday evening.. That's when I saw her. I am not sure what made me catch her eye, but I think it was that beautiful smile. Was that smile for me or did she smile at everyone? I didn't know but I had to find out. 

I watched her out of the corner of my eye. She picks up a cotton dress a holds it up to her. There's no mirror, and no one with her. "It looks great!" Where did that come form? Me? There's that smile again. "You think so?" she ask in a friendly tone. I was afraid that I would put her off, but she seemed to like the interaction. 

"I think it would look even better on you." I tell her. I can't believe that I'm talking to her and she actually has responded. "Surely your not alone in a place like this. A beautiful woman like you. "

"Well, I am for now. I was suppose to meet a friend but she didn't show up. But that was an hour ago. I had to park twelve blocks away so I thought I'd shop awhile. Besides, I've been here before. I know my way around." She retorts. What a stupid thing for me to say. Now she thinks I'm trying to pick her up. Great!

"What I meant was this is a place that should be shared. It's kind of lonely here in this crowd when you don't have any one to ask, how does this dress look? Don't you think?" Come on Peter, dig your way out of this one. Don't offend her. 

"Your right. Say, are you trying to pick me up? I'll have you know I'm not that kind of girl. Maybe your typical New Orleans woman is that easy but I'm not from her. And I'm not that easy." Her tone was not scolding but sure. May be I could salvage this some way.

"Oh, no. I'm not trying to pick you up. I just ….I'm not from here either. In fact I come here quite often but my home is in Tennessee. And I wasn't trying to pick you up. I just wanted to …Well I thought you were alone and I…Maybe I was trying to pick you up. But not like that." Shut up, let her talk.

"Tennessee? Where in Tennessee? I'm From Tennessee." Common ground! Maybe this can be salvaged. She does seem nice…and that smile…work man work!

"Morristown. My name is Peter You?"

"Chattanooga., Luanne. Sorry I was so snooty."

"Oh, you weren't snooty. May be I was too presumptuous. I go through there often. A very nice city. See, I knew there was something special about you the first time I laid eyes on you.." 

"A home boy, sorry about being so defensive. You know you have to be careful." 

That's more like it. May be I have a chance with this beautiful creature. We continue to look at the dress and with my encouragement she buys it.. By now we were both getting tired of shopping. More than that I want to get to know her better. I invite her to Café' Du Monde for some coffee and beignets

It's a great little place across from Jackson Square. A sidewalk café. We sit an listen to a street performer play his sax and talk the typical small talk. There we sit across the table from each other, yet so close our knees touch. Is she as excited as I am. She doesn't recoil. May be she is. She offer me the last bite of her benite with her hand. I take and along with it I lick the powered sugar off her fingers. I wish I had the nerve to lick it off her lips also. My heart is racing because she seems to like it. Our knee, our eyes, my mouth , her fingers meet all in one moment. It's powerful and yet innocent. As we finish our little meal we leave together. This time holding hands. I feel like a school boy walking my little girl friend home from school We walk across Decatur Street to Jackson square. As we walk and talk its almost as if it was just the two of us. We are unaware of any one else around us. That was a mistake.

A street person gets up from his bench with his bottle and bumps square into her. The wine all spills out on her as he threw up on the ground. She is repulsed, not by the smell of the man or the wine, but a combination of the two. I step between them to protect her from what he might do. But its too late she's covered with the spoiled wine. My first reaction is to punch him out, but what good will that do.

"I am so sorry," I say to her, ignoring the wino.

"I've got to get out of here and out of this smelly mess. Hurry please, I think I'm gona be sick. Please take me to my car so I can go back to my hotel and change." 

"My place is just a few blocks from here. It would be quicker if we went there. You could get cleaned up there."

" But I don't have anything else to wear." She protested. "And besides I wouldn't want to impose on our new friendship."

"Sure you do. That little dress you bought. Come on. Three minutes and we're there. Much closer that the twelve blocks to your car. And another thirty minutes to your hotel. Come on , I insist."

"Are you sure it won't be an imposition?"

"Of course not!" I take her hand and we pick up our pace in less than three minutes we are at my place. By now the smell is so repulsive. I open the door and invite her in.

" The shower is in there make yourself at home. I'll be out here on the patio while you shower." She grabs the bag with her new dress and steps in the shower. 

My place is rented from a friend who has good taste. Apartments like this go for a couple of thousand a month in the French Quarter. I'm just here because of some consultant work I do for him. This place has a master suite with a big bath with a whirl pool tub big enough for a party. My mind races as the door closes behind her. That beautiful woman in my bathroom. As I pour my self a glass of wine I hear the shower run. I could use one too. This hot humid weather can really do a number on you. I'll wait till later. My heart is beating with great anticipation. She's here in my apartment she must like my company or is it just necessity? 

I pour her a glass of wine for when she's finished.. I hear her in there. I see her in my mind and get aroused. She yells out through the door, "Would you hand get me a towel please." 

Damn, I thought there were towels in there. I go to the linen closet and get a big oversized towel and hand it her from behind the door. "Give me your dirty things and I put them in the washer." She hands me her dress and bra and panties. When I touch them my heart skips a beat. I cant' t believe she just handed me her panties. Wow! I rush down to the wash machine and start the gentle cycle. My fingers touch her panties and my erection grows. "This is sick! Put them in the washer." I tell myself.

I rush back up stairs and try to act cool when she comes out. That dress is beautiful on her as she steps out of the bathroom. White cotton with lace, long tasteful, but very thin. The light from the bathroom highlights her body through the dress. Instinctively , I know she has nothing on under that thin piece of white cotton. I can hardly contain my excitement. But I am cool, yet not detached. She looks at me like she knows I know. And it's almost as if she is reading my mind.

" I feel a lot better. Squeaky clean." She says. "How long do you think my clothes will be?"

I wanted to say not long enough, but thought that might be too forward. So I told her long enough for us to have a glass of wine and relax for a while. That seemed to work. I handed her the glass and proposed a toast, 

"To new friends." 

She held up her glass and repeated the toast. We sat together and sipped the wine. 

"Thanks" She said.

"Oh, I didn't do anything any one else would have done." I modestly replied. "Besides, if I hadn't talked to you in the market you wouldn't have been in this mess."

"I was thanking you for talking to me in the market." She put her head on my shoulder and kissed my cheek. My head was spinning. I kissed her back. We embraced. I could feel her body almost as if she had nothing on at all. That dress, that beautiful dress. Our hearts beat as one as we sat in that embrace. We kissed again this time with more passion. "I don't usually let a strange man kiss me on our first meeting either." She whispered, "But, I can't help myself. Ever since I saw you in the market I wanted to." 

Our excitement and passion grew with that mutual feeling after she revealed that inner part of her self. She wanted me as much as I wanted her. As we kissed her tongue dove into my mouth and explored my mouth. How sweet it tasted, how delicious it felt. So small, lively, so hot. I could feel her body next to mine and I knew she must be able to feel the fire she started in me. Along with my passion my cock began to grow. I could feel her beautiful breast through that dress…that beautiful dress. I could feel her excitement growing her passion rising with every touch. My kisses moved from her lips to her neck, that sweet smelling neck, clean from the shower. Now to her ear as I licked her ear lobe she moaned with excitement. My kisses moved back down the side of her neck and to her exposed shoulders. How soft and tender she felt. Her arms around me were firm but gentle. As I kissed her breast through that dress…that beautiful thin sexy hippie dress. I could see the outline of her nipple and feel through the thin material and feel the firmness of it against my lips. I could feel her sigh and her heart beat in rhythm with mine. 

I would savior this moment for a while. Enjoying her through that dress. As my lips kissed her breast, my hands massaged the other one. I could not contain my excitement. My cock grew rock hard with every touch. He hands were around my back touching me at the small of my back pushing me closer to her . I knew she must be able to feel the power of my man hood. As she forced me closer to her hips began the love rhythm. We both sighed and moaned together. My hand reached down to her legs and playfully massaged them. Softly I touched the inside of her thigh through that dress that wonderfully thin dress. My hand went from her knee to her genital area. I didn't want to touch her too firm. Just teasingly. Just to let her know how I wanted her, but not to lead her to think it was all I wanted.

Yes, I was horny, Damn right, I was horny. But here was a woman who was more than just a great lay. Here was a friend to share special moments with. 

As I felt her pussy hair through her dress she arched closer to my hand encouraging me to touch her more firmly. I was more than glad to. I spread the palm of my hand to cover her pussy and firmly massaged her with the palm of my hand as I kissed he nipples one at the time through her dress. She moaned with agreement as her love rhythm continued to grow. My kisses followed my hand down he tummy slowly enjoying her body through that dress - that beautiful dress. As my mouth reached her love mound my cock felt like it would explode. I kissed her through that hot dress. Her pussy was so inviting. But I forced my kisses down he thigh to the back of her raised knee. As I kissed the soft skin of her thigh and back of her raised knee my hands found her feet. I massaged them slowly and kissed down her calves to her ankle and he foot and toes. She playfully giggled.

By now her legs were spread wide and I could see her thigh and her lovely pussy under that dress. That sexy dress. I wanted to dive in and lick her pussy , but I slowly worked my way up her leg with my lips kissing every inch. The inside of her thigh was soft, firm and hot. I could see my target, what a beautiful pussy. Softly I kissed it, but she moaned for more. I kissed all around it wanting to devour it all, but this was not to be rushed. Teasingly I kissed her clit. Softly. Not to bring her off now.

Her legs were spread and I could see her beautiful ass and kissed the bottom of it where it meet he vaginal opening. My tongue gently licked. Her moans grew louder. Finally I ran the flat of my tongue up to her clitoris . I massaged it gently as she spread her legs for me. My hands were around her waste working their way up her side to her armpits. I could feel her heat. My hands began to massage her beautiful tits gently as I continued to kiss that beautiful pussy. My cock throbbing, I could almost have an orgasm just bringing her off like this. But I was saving that. I could feel her love rhythm growing and her panting speeding. There I was under that dress. That beautiful dress….our introduction… "It looks great." I never thought I would be in it with her.

"I need you." I heard her whisper. "I need you inside me" 

I stiffened my tongue and brought it to her vaginal opening. I stuck it in as deep as I could. I couldn't believe it was almost as if it was sucking my tongue in. I worked it in and out, Thickening it as much as I could. My tongue worked itself back up to her beautiful pussy flowery lips and to her clit. I flickered it back and fourth and encircled it. With my tongue I spelled out her name around that beautiful clit. Her squeal was delightful and my cock was swelling with pleasure, as it rubbed against her legs.

"Oh, That's so good." She said, "But I need more, Peter, I need your hard cock inside of me.'

Should I tease her some more? Could I stand very much of this in this state of excitement? My hands went back up her dress and began to remove it . That Beautiful dress…came off. She reached and unbuttoned my slacks and grabbed my hard cock in her soft hand . I could feel her smile of approval. With her other hand she forced my pants off. I worked my self out of my shirt. By the time I finished she had my pants of f . 

There we were, both naked, our skin touching face to face, breast to breast, stomach to stomach. My throbbing cock was being led by her firm little hand to her pussy. We both moaned with excitement. I felt the wet warmness of her womanhood as it swallowed up my manhood. Slowly I entered her hot little pussy. Teasingly I kept it at that sweet little opening. Enjoying the throbbing head of my cock at the entrance of her pussy. Forward she thrust wanting it all.. Deeper and deeper with each thrust. I didn't want this moment to end . This pussy cat had turned into a wild cat as she moved her self deeper and deeper into my cock. Now I was in as far as I could go and we moved with a gentle rhythm Our hearts beating, breathing together, kissing deeply when her orgasm started. I felt her pussy clamp around my cock pumping with her pussy muscles. 

We kissed passionately. Tongues exploring. Almost breathing for each other. Her beautiful nipples were pressing against my chest like little bullets. My hand reached for one nipple and squeezed it gently. It was hard from her excitement. She squealed an excited squeal. I wanted to burst. I felt my orgasm building, but tried to contain it. Grinding together we both moaned. 

I'm cumming Peter, Oh, God, I'm coming." Her movement increased with her orgasm. And I felt mine building. Like dancers we moved together in our mutual orgasm. 

"I'm cumming with you. OH! OH!…" I could feel the throbbing of my cock bursting with pleasure, shooting load after load of my hot fluid into her. Wave after wave convulsing harder and harder with each beat. I held so tight I thought she would break. But I could tell from her moans that she wasn't breaking but exploding in the same pleasure that I was feeling.

Together our bodies heaved with animal like lust. Both wanting to ride this moment out to the hilt. It seemed like for ever we were coming. Wave after wave of pleasure that seemed endless. With each pulsating squirt of my love juice into her hot pussy we moaned with pleasure. Until we both collapsed in each others arms. We laid their caressing each other. Our bodies still connected our arms still entwined. The passionate kisses turning to sweet kisses as we cooled down. With that dress at our feet.