 When I woke up, I wanted to make an early start, but was surprised that despite our tense situation, Carla had other ideas and was stroking my cock, letting me know she wanted a good wake-up fuck.

"You really are insatiable aren't you?" 

"Yes, and I know you like that. You're already hard." 

She crawled between my legs and started moving her tongue slowly up and down my hard cock, delicately licking, while her devilish blue eyes watched me writhing. She took my cock in her mouth and bobbed up and down, then swallowed, taking it deep in her mouth, driving me insane with her mouth and tongue moving faster, bobbing up and down, sensing I was close. Just as I was on the verge, my cock swelling in her mouth, my ass lifted off the bed, she pulled her mouth away and smiled. I fell back to the bed and looked at her saliva covered lips just above my hard cock.  

"I like teasing you." She smiled and I noticed her dimples.

"You're playing with fire," I said, looking at her wet lips.

"Oh yeah." 

"Yeah!"

"What are you going to do?"

"You know what I'm going to do."

She smirked. "You want to fuck me, don't you?"

"Yes. I want to fuck you."

"You'll have to catch me first." She laughed and jumped out of bed and dashed into the bathroom and turned on the shower.  

I ran after her and grabbed her while the water got warm. We kissed and rubbed our naked bodies. I gripped her ass and she gripped mine. When we climbed in the shower, she grabbed my cock, "I want this." 

We stood under the steamy water and kissed while she rubbed her pussy with the head of my cock. I liked how aggressive she had become and knew this was another one of her fantasies.

I grabbed the soap and washcloth and moved it up and down her back and between her legs, but then, I took charge and quickly turned her around to face the wall. I pushed her against the wet tiles."Bend over!"

She smiled back at me, then pressed her hands against the tiled wall, her legs apart, her wet hair falling forward over her face. I leaned over and rammed my cock into her pussy as hard as I could. 

"Oh, yes...Fuck me! Fuck me!" Her words echoed in the shower which was now filled with steam. 

I rammed her pussy as hard as I could while she pushed back taking my cock deep. It didn't take long before she exploded and screamed. I kept thrusting, loving how her pussy clutched my cock. With her hands on the wall, she pushed back, taking me deeper, squeezing my thrusting cock, both of us screaming. My whole body tensed; my cock swelled in her tight pussy. My whole body shook as I exploded in an overwhelming orgasm and shot gobs of my hot cum into her overflowing pussy. My wailing voice filled the shower. I leaned over her under the pounding water, unable to budge. After a minute, she turned and we embraced under the warm water.

At breakfast we sat in the same booth we sat in the night before. We had Johnny's famous hot cakes and Carla said Betty's were better because she adds vanilla. Still, she left half of them, pushed the plate aside. She held her coffee mug with both hands as she sipped. Both of us were quiet. I could tell she was upset about her mother's phone call . She glanced out the window then looked at me. "Now what?" 

"Not sure. I think we have some time before the police come looking for you, I mean, us. It's only been one day and they probably get lots of calls from frantic mothers looking for their run away daughters." 

"Are you sorry you got into this mess with me?" She looked at me and I could see she was dreading my answer. 

"Not yet. I'll tell you if they catch up with us."

She nodded, then sighed deeply. I could feel her searching my eyes for something more reassuring. I glanced at her hands gripping her empty coffee mug. 

"What are you thinking?" She looked at me over the rim of her mug.  

"I'm thinking how brave you are to do this."

"I'm scared. I've never done anything like this."   

"Me either."

I reached for her hands. She released the coffee mug and took mine. 

"I can't believe this is happening. I'm actually doing something. Thank you for taking this chance with me. I don't know what's going to happen, but I hope I can really break away."

"One day at a time."

"Right. And no expectations." She smiled. 

"Right, but you can hope. Hope and expectations are different. You can hope things will be a certain way, but then you have to wait and see what happens. Like I can hope we make it to Bolinas and not get caught by the police, but who knows what will happen. We'll see." 

I finished my coffee and glanced out at my truck in the parking lot. "I was wondering if I should see about trading in my truck for something different. Maybe get a different license number."

"Would you really do that?" 

"I don't know. I love this old truck. It's been my traveling companion for quite some time, but maybe it would be the wise thing to do under the circumstances."

"I'm really complicating your life, aren't I?"

"Yes, you certainly are." I said it in a serious voice, then smiled. 

"Sorry," she said and took her hand from mine. She sighed deeply and closed her eyes--the sign of someone who holds a lot in.  

"Listen, Carla, you're not complicating my life, I am." I took her hands back and squeezed. "I decided to take you with me. I could have said no way am I taking you with me, but I didn't and I'm glad I took you. I have no regrets."

"Really, no regrets."

"No regrets. Maybe it's crazy to do this, but here we are, we'll make it. What's life if you don't take chances."

Carla didn't say anything, but I could feel her mulling over my words. She narrowed her eyes. "I was right. You have a lot to teach me, but maybe you won't be sorry and maybe I have things to teach you." She smiled, seductively, tilting her head to the side and bit her lower lip. 

"We'll see." I chuckled and knew what she meant. "Let's get on the road."

I stood up, glanced at the check, put ten dollars on the table and realized I only had ten dollars left and we'd be relying on her money. I followed her out of the restaurant and to the truck. When we got in, she took out her cell phone and glanced at it. "Oh, damn, another message from my mom." 

"What did she say?"

Carla closed her eyes, obviously upset. She sighed and pressed the button and played the message so I could hear. 

"I've called the police. I told them you were kidnapped. They know his license number and what he looks like. Call me and let me know you're alright and they'll stop looking for you. Please come home." 

"That doesn't sound good. They think I'm a kidnapper." I slumped back in my seat and stared straight ahead. "Maybe, I should trade this truck in on something. I only have ten bucks and I don't think I can get another job now that they're looking for me." 

Carla didn't say anything. She reached over and took my hand. We sat there for a few minutes. "I have money. Remember I got cash from the ATM. We'll be okay."

We were on the Texas border and kept driving along Route Sixty-six. We were on the northern part called the Panhandle. We drove through several small towns and every time I saw a police car, I trembled and wondered if they had my license number and were on the look out for a green pick-up truck. I glanced in the rear view mirror to see if they were following, but I knew it was just a matter of time before they'd be looking for me.

I drove past several used car lots but didn't stop. They looked pretty run down and I didn't see any pick-up trucks. We drove through a small town called Tomkinsville and on the outskirts, sitting in a driveway by the road, I spotted a black pickup truck with a cab on the back and a for sale sign on the windshield. What luck.

I pulled over to the side and parked next to it. I got out and wondered where the owner was. Carla stood next to me but didn't say anything. While I walked around the truck, looking in the back, examining the tires, I heard a dog bark and looked up and saw an old man limping towards us. He had shaggy long gray hair, a thin face and wore a faded blue baseball cap.

"Good truck, mister," he said in a gravelly voice. He looked at me and at Carla. 

"Looks good. How much?" 

"Well, I'm asking five hundred. It's got a lot of miles but runs good. Don't burn oil."

"I don't have five hundred, but I'll trade you my truck for it. Mine's a '98 Chevy. A lot newer than yours."

"What am I gonna do with a truck when I'm trying to sell this one."

"You'd get a lot more for mine. It's probably worth at least eight hundred, maybe a thousand."

"I don't know," he said and rubbed his chin. "I'm trying to get rid of things, but you're right. I could get more for yours. Let me think on it a minute...why don't you come up to the house and we can talk about it more." 

I didn't really want to do that. I just wanted to trade my truck for his and get on the road before the police started looking for my truck. 

"Okay, but we can't stay too long." 

He nodded, then looked at Carla. "You look familiar," he said. "Seems like I seen you somewhere. I don't know."

We entered his kitchen which smelled like stale tobacco. The table was littered with newspapers and unopened mail. The television was on in the living room but no one was listening.

He picked up a piece of mail."Look at this, will ya? Says I might have won a million dollars from this publishing clearing house." 

"That's great," Carla said. 

"Don't know what I'd do with a million dollars, but I sure would like to figure it out. I'm going to fill this thing out and send it in. I have a feeling I'm going to win this million dollars. I just have a feeling."

"I hope you do," Carla said.

I happened to glance in at the television in the other room and was stunned to see a picture of Carla and the announcer saying she's been missing for two days and has been kidnapped by a drifter named Joshua Wiseman. Damn, they know my name.

I glanced at the old guy talking to Carla and continued listening. I realized that he must have seen her picture and that's why she looked familiar. I was glad he wasn't paying any attention to the television while talking to Carla. I listened to the television. "If you have any information please contact your local police. The kidnapper is driving a green ninety-eight Chevrolet truck with the license number on your screen."

I went back to where they were standing. "So, how about this trade. It's a good deal for you." He paused and looked at me and then at Carla "Okay, it's a deal. I'll trade you. Why not? Might make a few more bucks for it." 

"Do you have the title?"

"Yep, it's in the glove compartment. Just come on down and I'll sign it over to you and you can give me your title and we'll call it even. Sounds like a good deal for me."     We walked back to our trucks at the end of the driveway. He took the title from his glove compartment, signed it and handed it to me and I did the same. I kept his license plate and he kept mine, even though mine was from Pennsylvania. I'm not sure how legal that deal was, but that's what happened. It took five minutes to empty out the back of my truck and pile it in the back of our new truck. Just as we drove off, he said to Carla. "Damn you look familiar."

Carla didn't say anything while I started up the truck and headed for the highway. She waved and shouted back to him. "Hope you win the million dollars."

While we headed west, I told her what I saw on the television and why she looked familiar to him.

"Wow! That was close. I don't believe this is happening."

"Well, even though we have this truck, they have your photo on the television and they know my name."

"That means we won't be able to stay in motels and we'll have to be careful where we stop."

"Right."

Four hours later, we drove through Amarillo, New Mexico. Carla stayed in the truck so she wouldn't be recognized when we stopped for gas. She handed me thirty dollars while ran into the convenience store to pay and bought some sandwiches, potato chips and two large coffees. There was a television on a shelf above a counter where people were having lunch. Carla's photo came on the screen with the same announcement I had heard earlier, but they also had a sketch of me with long shaggy hair, my long nose and narrow eyes. I was surprised at how much it looked like me and wondered who described me to the artist. 

When I got back in the truck, I told Carla what I saw. 

"I feel bad. I've gotten you in trouble with the police." She looked at me and I could see her concern.  

"I think once we get to Bolinas, we'll be okay, but that's several days away. We'll just have to be careful." 

I could see the Black Mountains in the distance and decided to get to the foothills and camp someplace. I kept driving and could see the sun setting below the mountain, but didn't see a place where we could pull over. I knew it would get chilly as soon as the sun went down. I wanted to make a fire but we needed to find a place where we would not be seen from the road. We drove past a lake and I noticed a narrow road next to it and wondered where it went. 

I turned right and followed it as it twisted its way though the woods surrounding the lake. It was getting dark and I couldn't find a clearing. Carla was leaning forward. "We'll find a spot."

"I hope so, this road could go on forever and we can't park on this road."

I continued driving on the twisting, narrow road. 

It was getting darker because of the trees on both sides. Just as I turned a bend, another little road appeared and I took a chance and turned onto it and within fifty yards saw the lake shimmering in the dim twilight. I stopped on the edge of the lake and saw there was a small clearing nearby. I noticed a small fire pit surrounded by rocks and a small pile of logs. A metal grading leaned against the logs. It looked like this was a place where people fished and camped. 

"Here we are. This is perfect. What luck."

When we hopped out of the truck, we stood next to each other and admired the still water. 

"Let's gather some kindling and make a fire."

Carla dashed off towards the edge of the woods and came back with an arm load. I had a battery operated lantern in the truck that I used to read and write by at night. We arranged the logs over the kindling and within fifteen minutes had a good fire going. I didn't know whether we were on private property or not, but felt certain we'd be okay as long as no one saw the fire.

I got out my camping gear and found in my supplies a can of chicken noodle soup, two cans of ravioli in sauce and a large can of beef stew. 

"Well, madam," I said and held up each can. "This is the menu and I am going to serve you a gourmet dinner. What would you like? The beef stew is delicious, but madam might like the canned ravioli."

"Hmmm. Let me see." Carla put her finger on her chin and narrowed her eyes as she looked up at the cans. "It all looks so appetizing, I can't decide."

I smiled and held up my can opener. "May I recommend the beef stew. It comes with a delectable gravy and is filled with potatoes, carrots, peas, wonderful beans, a touch of corn and beef from factory raised cows."

"The beef stew sounds lovely. I will take your recommendation. Thank you, sir."

"I'll just open this can and pour it into this pot and within five minutes you will have such a delicious dinner your tongue will throw a party for your mouth."

"Hmm. A party for my mouth. I like the sound of that."

I ignored her playful comment and opened the can of beef stew and poured it into the pot. "Is madam hungry?"

"Very hungry," she said, moving her tongue over her lower lip then her upper lip. "Are you hungry?" 

"I am." "Good. I like hungry men." She bit her lower lip and smiled, tilting her head to the side the way she does when she's being coy.

"What a tease," I thought, enjoying her sexy playfulness. 

I placed the pot of stew on the grating. Carla was sitting on one of the logs that surrounded the fire pit. I looked up at her face glowing from the fire. We were quiet, breathing in the moment. 

"This is nice," I said, changing the mood.

"Perfect." She nodded and smiled, revealing her dimples.

I stirred the stew and saw it was beginning to bubble. It was now dark and the only light was the fire and the lantern. I grabbed two mugs, filled the yellow one with stew and handed it to her. I filled my slightly chipped green mug and sat next to her on the log. We clicked mugs. "To fine dining," I said.

"I'll second that."  

Later, in the back of my truck, under my sleeping bag, we made slow, passionate love. We kissed tenderly and touched gently. Her body felt so warm and soft and we both wanted to explore and savor each other. We touched and kissed all over our bodies. We alternated positions with me on top, her arms and legs holding me and then she pushed me onto my back and straddled my body. Our mouths, tongues and hands caressed each other. 

Then I was on top of her, pressing my hardness and could feel her wetness. She spread her legs and we were both grinding slowly, kissing, touching, enjoying the slow pleasure we were sharing and wanting to hold on to the quivering sensations that swept over us. I moved my hands through her hair and her hands moved down my back and gripped my ass and pulled me harder against her. The grip of her hands made me grab her hair in my fingers and pull. 

"I love when you pull my hair." "Good." I pulled harder and felt her lift herself higher and wrap her legs tighter.  

We kissed deeply with moans that soon grew louder. With my cock deep in her, our bodies moved slowly together as one. We were on the verge of erupting in huge orgasms. I was thrusting harder then suddenly stopped and held my cock deep and still. We held each other and wallowed in the exquisite pleasure we were giving each other. It was as if we were slow dancing to music only we could hear. Our bodies barely moved. I loved how she felt under me with her legs wrapped around me as she held me deep in her. We didn't want this to end and I could feel her muscles squeezing my cock while I slowly swiveled my hips and sensed our need to cum growing. We were moving together slowly, savoring the sensation, the intensity rising as I gyrated faster and she lifted her hips. 

"Please, Please! Now!" 

Her hungry eyes looked deep into mine as she lifted her ass. I reared back and with on hard thrust drove her back to the sleeping bag. Oh yessss! Yesss!"

I rammed my cock deeper and harder with each thrust.

"Harder! Harder! Fuck me harder!"

Our slow lovemaking was now passionate fucking. 

Our bodies slammed against each other in wild abandon. Carla was unlike any woman I had ever fucked before. She was releasing years of fury and using my cock to unlock all that had been held captive.  

"Take me! Take me! Oh my God. Take me! I want you to take me."

Her intensity was almost more than I could stand, but her screaming wildness and complete abandon inspired me to pound my cock harder, faster, deeper. Her primal screams filled my truck as she arched her back.

"Oh, my God. I'm cumming. I'm cumming. Fuck me harder! Harder!"

It was all I could do to hold onto her as she convulsed and erupted in a huge orgasm. Her tight pussy squeezed my swollen cock and I felt my whole body shake as gobs of cum shot into her tight pussy while I writhed in the most intense orgasm of my life before I collapsed heavily on her. I was panting and gasping for air while her strong arms and legs embraced me. I lay still, unable to budge and felt closer to her in that moment than ever before. I felt her heart and breathing and suddenly didn't care that I was a fugitive. I loved that she was with me in this truck by this lake in the middle of nowhere. Only now existed. 
