 After the sun rose in the sky, Monica noticed that Joe was not beside her. She got dressed and headed back into the house and went to the kitchen and noticed something smelling real good coming from there. She walked in and noticed Joe in the kitchen cooking her breakfast which consisted of eggs, salmon cakes and potatoes with fresh coffee brewing, she knew she gained a new love but not one that was good in front of the stove. Joe looked back and saw her standing behind him smiling with approval.

"Good Morning" Joe said to her as he finished up the breakfast. 

"Good Morning to you too" she replied back and gave him a soft kiss. 

"I hope you are hungry, because I made a nice helping for us today. I want to finish the upper level of the barn and then go to the lake nearby" Joe said to her.

"Sure thing, let's eat, get dressed and rolling on the barn today." Monica told him. 

After eating and cleaning the kitchen, they both heard a hard knock at the door. It was Boyd with his friends demanding to see Joe.

"Open the fucking door!!!! I know he is in there!!!" Boyd yelled. 

Monica could not believe that her perfect morning was totally ruined by her douchebag ex boyfriend.

Joe had risen up and looked out of the window and he noticed that Boyd and his crew came in earnest. Joe came back and comforted Monica.

"I fucking hate him!!!" Monica said as tears welled up in her eyes.

"Don't worry, I'll take care of it." Joe said very calmly. He then went to the door, and saw Boyd standing there, cocky as ever.

"You think that you can just punch me and get away with it? Not in this town!!!" Boyd said and laughed at the same time. Joe stood there with a stern look on his face knowing if he wanted to he could beat Boyd to a bloddy pulp. 

"Leave now." Joe said to Boyd and his crew. Boyd on the other hand, did not take orders very well, then again he didn't think he needed to since his family pretty much owned the town.

"I leave when I want. And you owe me an apology." Boyd replied in his most stern voice, in the loosest form of the word that is. Boyd's friend Tommy tried to sucker punch Joe but Joe saw it coming, stepped back and grabbed Tommy's wrist, kicked him behind the knee causing it to snap and then dislocated his shoulder. As Tommy writhed in pain, Boyd's other friend (or lackey if you want to call them that) Marcus tried to get one in on Joe too but Joe kicked Marcus in the chest and caused him to fly off of the porch and onto the ground. Boyd was left standing alone, practically scared shitless as he went number one in his pants. 

"I'm outta here." He said but Joe gave him one parting shot square on the jaw. Boyd wasn't knocked out but he damn sure felt the shot that Joe delivered. The trio quickly left in their truck and Joe sat down to collect his thoughts. Monica came outside and wrapped herself around Joe.

"I am glad he is gone, I hope he does not come back." She said to Joe. 

"If he is smart, he won't" He replied and then said "I'll have the barn done in a few hours, get some rest." He told her and kissed her on the forehead. She went back inside to shower and lay down and he went right to work on the barn. 

He finished the barn by nightfall and he came into the guesthouse to clean up and get changed.

After cleaning up, he came inside to the house, Monica was done preparing dinner for two. 

"I hope you are hungry, because I sure am" She smiled. 

"Oh I am, I have a full appetite to satisfy." He replied as he looked at her in a blue sundress which clung to her body perfectly, and Joe was starting to get a rise in his jeans once again. 

The two had a lovely dinner, laughing and joking and enjoying one anothers company. They both retired to the living room in front of a lit fire that Monica had set up. She had laid on the couch while she had her feet laid across Joe's lap. Joe was relaxed as she was, and he started to rub her feet softly. 

"That feels good. Keep going." She told him and he obliged, he wanted to do the whole leg for her as she laid down. He positioned himself on the floor and gave her a leg massage. For Monica this was going to be one enjoyable massage and she was in a bit of a playful mood too, so she carefuly inched her dress up, exposing her thigh to Joe, then arched her right leg up in an angle exposing her panties to him. 

"Make sure you get my left thigh, it's been tightening up on me." She said and Joe obliged and massaged it deep and hard while he looked up her dress and stared at her white laced panties. He inched up slowly as he reached the outside lining of them, and he carefully slid his fingers inside of her panty line and into her pussy which was becoming wet by the second. She lifted up quickly and Joe had moved his hand. Her eyes were now lust driven and her emotions were at a fever pitch. Joe, sensing this stood up and removed his shirt from his body and she removed her dress from hers. She then kissed his chest, his navel and went to his pants and opened them exposing his hard member. She stroked it at first, them kissed the head of it and slowly took him into her mouth as she gave him a slow and sexy blowjob. Joe stood there as he watched her head move back and forth and he was on cloud nine from it.Then, she pulled his cock out of her mouth and stroked it slowly. Monica then stood up to kiss Joe and Joe picked her up, ripped her panties off of her and lifted her pussy towards his face and he proceeded to taste her pussy like a ravenous creature hunting for prey. Monica sat on him, gripping his head with one hand while the other gripped her right breast as she was about to have another orgasm from Joe's mouth.

"YES!!!!!!!" She yelled out. Joe stopped as she put her face towards his. She wanted him inside of her and she wanted it now. 

"Fuck me hard, deep and fast." Monica commanded to Joe. Joe then places himself on top of her, took his hard cock and slammed it right inside her cunt. Monica gripped his back tight as he filled her up completely.

"AHHHH!!!!" She yelled out and he kissed her as he slid in and out of her. She rubbed the pubic mound of her cunt as she watched Joe's cock carefully slide in and out.

"MMMMMMMMMM, YES!!!!" She screamed out in pleasure as Joe kept ramming in and out of her for nearly 40 minutes. Joe was surprised he kept going this long but he knew he had to cum sometime so he quickly rolled over and had her ride him for ten more minutes while he pounded her from underneath hard and fast.

"I'M CUMMING!!!!!" He yelled out. 

"I'M CUMMING TOO!!!!" She replied back. 

Then Joe and Monica came in Unison as she drenched herself all over his cock he shot load afer load into her womb once again. Joe and Monica's relationship was growing stronger and stronger byeach passsing day as they slept by the fire.

"We didn't get to go to the lake today." She said softly as her fingers twirled in his hair as she laid on his chest.

"No worries, we have all day tomorrow." He replied and smiled as the two then slept together by the fireplace.