 I was passing through this small town in Kentucky. I was 27 years old just out of school after, finishing a tour in Vietnam. The GI bill had paid for my school, now it was time for me to find a job. I had a job interview with large company in town the next morning. I stopped at this diner to eat. This beautiful, young, blue-eyed waitress came to my table to take my order. She was much too young for me, I was 29, she didn't look like she was 18 yet. She was tall, large breasted and seemed to be interested in me. 

"Good afternoon sir." 

Her southern accent would have melted anyone's heart. It sure melted mine. Her smile dazzled me. This young, innocent woman child had conquered me. I didn't even know I had lost the battle.

"My name is Jo and I'll be your waitress tonight"

"What would you like sir" (the accent melted my heart)

"Chicken fried steak, mashed potatoes, green beans, and gravy please."

After she brought me dinner, I ordered desert, and coffee. Then I asked her out. She could not go to a bar or club, since she was only eighteen. The only other thing to do was the drive in. I wondered what was playing, then I thought. It had better be good because I couldn't seduce such a young woman.

When I picked her up that night, I met her family. Her brothers were all big men, and her daddy was even bigger. Me being a Yankee couldn't sit right with them, but they were very hospitable. They seemed okay with her going out with a man considerably older than her.

As we drove to the drive in, we talked. Jo was smart, uneducated and innocent. When I say uneducated I mean she had not gone to college. She was literate and well read for such a young woman. She leaned against me and whispered. Almost inaudibly.

"Bruce?"

"What? "

"Jo, what did you want to say?"

"Nothing, never mind."

We arrived at the movie, and parked the car. Jo immediately leaned up against me, and put her head on my shoulder. I put my arm around her and watched the movie for a while. Her large breasts seemed to press themselves against me. They kept reminding me that although she was young she was definitely a woman. Jo's head seemed to burrow into my shoulder and her perfume intoxicated me. Intermission came, and I went to get us some refreshments. When I got back, she thanked me with a kiss we shared the popcorn and the coke.

Jo excused herself to go to the ladies room. I leaned back in the seat, closed my eyes and waited for her. As she entered the car she kissed me, crushing her breasts against my chest and I wrapped my arms around her. I could feel my excitement grow in my pants. My hands reached to caress her breasts through her blouse and bra. Jo moaned softly and didn't protest. The next movie went on and we separated as we began to watch. Jo sat cuddled next to me with her hand on my thigh absently stroking it.

"Jo do you know what you are doing to me?"

"Bruce, I'm . . . a virgin"

"I... want you to make love to me tonight"

"Jo, I am too old for you."

"Bruce, I think I love you and I wanted you at the diner this afternoon."

"You are too young."

Then she pulled me to her and kissed me as if she were an experienced and horny woman.

"I told mama I wanted you, and she said go get him girl."

"Jo can we think about this for a while?"

She sat next to me cuddled up to me and slowly pulled my lips down to hers. The kiss was gentle and romantic. Then her mouth opened, and my tongue explored her open wet sweet mouth. My hands caressed the front of her blouse, until my fingers found the buttons down the front. As I began to open them.

"Bruce, I want to lie down on the back seat."

We got into the back seat and began to kiss and caress each other. I opened her blouse and could see the flesh above her plain white bra. I caressed her bra encased breasts and kissed what was exposed to me. I reached behind her and opened the hooks. I slipped my hands underneath the brassier, and caressed the soft flesh topped by hard nipples. I slowly slid the garment off of her shoulders and gasped at the beauty of her rose tipped mounds. 

"They are beautiful."

"You are magnificent."

Then I began to kiss and suck the nipples, she moaned and pushed her breasts into my mouth harder. One hand came to the back of my neck, pulling my mouth tighter to her breast. The other hand caressed the front of my pants raising my passion higher. I reached for the zipper of her jeans, and opened it. As she lifted her hips, I removed them leaving her clad in only her white cotton panties. My hand slid under the waistband, and I caressed that virgin mound, The hair was soft and my finger found that tight wet entrance. Jo moaned and kissed me passionately. I removed her panties and kissed her lower lips. I ran my tongue between them and licked her clit. Jo opened her mouth moaned and arched her hips as she came on my face. She sat up and quickly began to undress me. As my cock was freed, she engulfed my hardness in her mouth.

"Jo, I'm gonna cum if you keep doing that."

She stopped.

"Not this time, I want you to make love to me."

"I don't have any rubbers."

"Doctor say's I can't get pregnant my insides are messed up."

I entered her slowly and gently. I was careful and gentle with her. With very little pain and very little blood I entered her. After a short while of rest we began to move our passion increased before long we both climaxed and I proposed to her.

That was 25 years ago and three kids later. After Two years of marriage she proved the doctor wrong by delivering our first child. She is still the best piece of ass I ever had and I love her dearly. Now we have retired to our cabin in the woods healthy wealthy and wise. But I thank god for the job interview that brought me here and the drive in movie that has since been torn down.