 He had caught a ride south with a couple of missionaries. They were headed down to the Delta to preach and do good works for the poor people in that part of the country. They had offered to take him along. He was strong. He would be a big help. They would feed and house him. He politely turned them down, and gotten out in Meridian, MS.

He figured Meridian was good place to try and find a new score. Right now he was just looking for a meal and a place to sleep. It was on I-20 and was a college town with Mississippi State located here. Plus he was sure there were a lot of lonely Southern belle types in this small city that needed his special kind of care. He knew it would be easy to find a college bar or upscale dive, and snow some woman into a meal, a bed, and a long night of fucking his really big dick. 

He had figured wrong. Badly wrong. It was late Sunday night, and there was nothing open along the freeway. Like most little towns along a highway, Meridian was spread out all over the place. Mississippi State was several miles away in town, and it was the start of the Christmas break anyway. Everyone had gone home. 

It was cold, late, and he was starving. The warm bed with the missionaries didn't sound so bad after all. He had taken a road into town to find something, and the farther he walked the less he saw that was open. He even started looking for a church or shelter to spend the night as he walked. As he trudged around a curve in the road, he saw a light up ahead. As he got closer, he could see that it was a donut shop, and they were still open. Thank fucking Jesus! At least he would be able to get some coffee and a couple of donuts, and he would be able to sit in the warmth until they closed. 

After what seemed like hours, he finally got to the shop and walked inside. The place was brightly lit, very warm, and completely empty. There was a TV silently playing in the corner, and taped Muzak was playing softly in the background, but there wasn't a soul around. 

"Hello? Anyone here?" he called out.

From the kitchen area behind the counter, he heard sudden movement and a loud "Fuck" spoken. There was a lot of scrambling around and whispering going on, then a female voice called out, "Be right there. Just a moment, please." 

He waited for a couple of more minutes, and then a very pleasant surprise came walking through the door to the kitchen. She was adjusting her work dress and trying to smooth her long black hair out. She was young, maybe 19 or 20. Her face was pale with great big blue eyes, and she was pretty in a vacant sort of way. She was about medium height and pretty thin, but she had the biggest rack he had ever seen on a girl that size. They looked like two basketballs sitting on her chest. They strained against her drab tan work dress pulling the material very tight across her tits, and making it look like the buttons were going to pop at any second. The dress had buttons down the front with a little belt, and it ended about mid-thigh on her very nice legs. 

"Hi, what can I get you?" she smiled and asked.

"A cup of coffee and two chocolate donuts, please," the drifter returned. As he watched her move behind the counter, he thought to himself, "This night is looking up." 

When she came to the counter with his order, he noticed that the belt on the dress was undone. He pointed at her dress, and said softly, "I think you forgot something."

She looked down at her waist and saw the unbuckled belt. At that exact moment, a tall thin young man came through the door to the kitchen adjusting his zipper. "Hey, Jenna! What is taking so ..." Both the girl and the drifter turned to look at him. When he saw the drifter at the counter, he froze. His hands flew away from his pants and just stood there. The young girl turned completely bright red and looked down at the counter. No one moved or said a word for several moments. 

"How much is that?" the drifter asked, breaking the tense silence. 

"Uhh, that'll be three – fifty," the girl answered. The drifter put the money on the counter and picked up his food. "Thanks," he said as he walked to a small table in the corner near the silent TV. 

The young man cleared his throat and intoned, "I better be going."

"Yeah," she answered. 

The drifter watched the two of them walk out into the cold night. Through the plate glass window, he could see them argue back and forth for a couple of minutes. No doubt, she was letting him know that he had embarrassed her. The young man shook his head, and learned down to kiss her. But with a quick look at the drifter, she pushed him away. She nodded in his direction, and the young man walked away frustrated. He got into a big, new looking red Dodge Ram pickup, and roared away. She waved after him, and then came back inside. 

The cold night air had made her nipples stick out thru her bra and dress like two pencil points. They were so prominent that the drifter could see them all the way across the room. Jesus, she had an incredible rack. As she started to go back behind the counter, the drifter called out to her.

"I'm sorry about that."

She stopped and looked at him. "Sorry about what?"

"Embarrassing you like that. I am sorry."

She smiled and blushed again, "you didn't embarrass me as much as he did."

"Your boyfriend?"

She moved a little closer to the table. "Yeah, kinda."

"And you are mad at him right now."

"Yeah, just a little."

"Well, don't hold it against him too much. He is young, it is a late Sunday night, and I bet there is nothing to do around here right now. Except fool around," the drifter smiled his best smile as he said that. 

She blushed again and said, "You got that right." She looked out through the window at the parking lot. "I don't see a car. How'd you get here?"

"I walked."

"In this weather? You aren't from around here, are you?"

"No, just passing through."

"Where too?"

"California. Eventually."

"Where'd you come from?"

"Atlanta."

"And you walked the whole way?"

"Of course not, I hitched a ride."

"Wow, do you do that often?" She had moved right to the edge of the table, and her big blue eyes seemed to have gotten even wider. 

"Been doing it for two years. I have hitched all over the country. I like to keep moving."

"Wow, I bet you have seen a lot."

"I have seen and done a lot. My name is Hank. Can you sit down?"

"Well, I really not suppose too, but what the hell! There is nobody coming by tonight. Sure. Let me get some coffee." She started to move away, and then turned, "oh I forgot. I'm Jenna."

"Nice to meet you, Jenna." As he watched her move toward the counter and her superior ass sway back and forth, he knew he had found his home for the night. He just wondered if her tits were real and how tight was her pussy. Well, he would know soon enough. 

For the next hour as they drank coffee, he kept her enthralled with tales of his travels and adventures around the country. He played to everything that she wanted and could not have at the moment. She was lonely, bored, and had no real adventure in her life, and he was providing her with some much needed entertainment. He made no move on her at all. He wanted her to trust him, like him, feel safe around him. Several times as he told her a funny story or joke, she would laugh and touch the back of his hands with hers, and she developed that far away look that he had seen in so many small town girls who had no way out. He actually started to like her. She wasn't a genius, but she wasn't dumb either. She just wasn't very well educated, and in a college town, that was a death sentence. The hardest thing about this whole situation, besides his rock hard cock, was trying to keep his eyes off her tits. The way that they pushed against the buttons and material of her dress, if you were one of those buttons, you were doomed.

Around 11PM she looked up at the clock, and jumped up startled. 

"What's wrong?" Hank asked.

"It's late. I have to close up right now," she said as she moved toward the counter.

"Oh, do I have to go?" the drifter asked surprised.

"No. No. Stay. I just have to turn everything off and count the money. Then I'll give you a ride to your motel."

"I don't have a motel room."

"Oh" She looked at him from behind the counter with a very surprised look. "Oh."

He watched her as she went about turning off the lights and sign outside. Then she turned off the TV, stupid music, and most of the lights in the dining area except of the lights right behind the counter. She urged him to come behind the counter as she cleaned and put items away. The entire time she just talked about her life, her hopes and her dreams. Finally, she was done with the clean-up and she started to count the money right in front of him. He knew at that exact moment he could do anything with or to her. She chatted away as she counted and filled out her income report forms. He silently kept track of how much cash she was counting. She seemed to have a bank of $100, but she had another $400 in cash as well. The donut business is pretty good here in Meridian, he thought.

She put the money drawer back in the cash register and put the money in a bank deposit bag. Then she turned off the lights around the counter and led him back into the kitchen area. She put the bag down on a metal counter and started cleaning again. As she put things away she kept bending over and flashing Hank with shots of her black panties. He knew she wasn't doing it on purpose, but this looked like the time to put his plan into action. 

He crossed up to her as she stood beside a metal counter writing something on a list. He gently touched her on the shoulder, and she turned her head to look at him. He pulled her face toward his and gently kissed her on the lips. He pulled back and looked in her eyes, and then he went in for another kiss. This one was harder and deeper as he pushed his tongue into her waiting mouth. He pulled her to him. She turned toward him and planted her young, soft body hard against his and threw her arms around his neck. His hands ran up and down her back, and gripped her ass pulling her crotch tight against his. The kiss grew in its intensity until she finally broke away from him and backed into the counter. Her eyes were wild and she was breathing hard.

"I have a boyfriend," she whispered.

"I know, I meet him remember. Seems like a nice guy," Hank said as he came to her and hungrily kissed her once more. She melted into his arms and he pinned her against the metal counter. After several moments of passionate kissing, he brought his hands to her huge breasts and started to squeeze them. She groaned deep in her throat and pressed her tits into his hands. He reached around her back and in one smooth move undid the hooks to her large bra. Then he hurriedly started to undo the buttons on her dress. The entire time they were kissing, and her hands were roaming under his shirt as she felt his washboard abs and strong chest. He finally freed her giant tits from her dress and bra, and his hands began to caress and play with her elongated nipples. Her breasts were a pale creamy color with large brown tipped nipples and areolas. Her tits were not huge per say, but on her thin frame they were enormous. They had to be 38D's at least, and the incredible thing to him was that they were real. She groaned her appreciation for the sensations he was providing her tits as he squeezed, caressed, pulled and pinched at them. He broke the kiss and leaned down and sucked her large right nipple into his mouth. Her hand went to the back of his head as she tried to force more of her tit into his sucking mouth. He brought both of his hands to her tit and began to kneaded it has he tried to suck up her entire tit. She groaned in response.

"Oh, suck my tits! Oh God, I can cum just from you sucking my tits! Ohhhh!"  

For the next ten minutes, Hank worked to prove her claim as he moved back and forth between her large breasts sucking and chewing on her extended nipples. She had leaned back against the counter and was pushing her tits into his face. And from the way that she had trembled and sighed, he knew that she'd had a couple of small climaxes. 

"OOOOHHHHHHHH!!! Suck my nipples!!! Oh God, you do that good!!!"

As he continued to feast on her luscious tits, he undid the rest of her dress revealing a very thin black thong. He kneeled down in front of her breaking his lip lock on her tits and quickly pulled the thong down her legs and off her feet. He was looking at a complete shaved beaver with big pouty cunt lips and a large hard clit. He immediately buried his face in her pussy and began chewing of her clit. 

"OOOOOOHHHHHHH! YEAH!!" she moaned. "Lick my clit!!!"

Hank was sucking her large clit into his mouth and flicking it with his tongue. Jenna leaned further back on the metal counter and brought her left leg up and wrapped it around the drifter's head. This gave him totally access to her steaming cunt, and he quickly slipped his long tongue up into her hot tunnel. He stretched his tongue in as deep as he could, poking and licking at the sides of her hot tight pussy, trying to suck all the honey out of her cunt. 

"OOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHH GOD!!! AAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!" 

Hank brought both of his hands to her fine ass and lifted her up onto the metal table while he continued to lick the insides of her juicy tunnel. Juice was pouring out of her cunt, and he had become addicted to the taste of her. With her ass on the table and her legs over his shoulders, he returned to sucking her rock hard clit and pushed two fingers deep into her gushing twat to begin stroking her g-spot. She began to buck and tremble as he sucked and caressed her over heated pussy.

"UUUUUGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHH!!!" she screamed as her cunt locked down on his two digits, and she began to cum in buckets. 

"OOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!" she continued screaming as she threw her creaming cunt at his face trying to get him to push deeper or suck harder as her orgasm shook her to the very core. 

As her orgasm crested, the drifter stopped sucking and slowly pulled his fingers from her clutching pussy, gently letting her down. Jenna collapsed on the counter, her breathing shallow and labored. Hank stood up between her wide spread thighs and looked at her exposed pussy. It was red and wet from his linguistic attack, and it was now ready for the "big" prize. He pulled his shirt off over his head, and unzipped his jeans. They fell to the floor exposing his huge wrist-thick cock. He absently began to jack the great stalk of male flesh as he surveyed Jenna's awesome body. He spit into his hand and coated the mushroom shaped head of his jutting rod with it. Then he put the head between the slick wet lips of Jenna's hot pussy and pushed. She was tight, but not as tight as some, as the giant head popped into the wet channel of Jenna's cunt. 

"UUUHHHHH," she groaned. She pushed up on her elbows to see what thick object he was trying to shove up her cunt, and her jaw dropped with shock when she saw the sheer size and length of his giant cock. She couldn't believe that he was going to try and put that rest of that giant-sized cock inside her over stretched cunt. The drifter grabbed her hips and began rocking his hips back and forth sending more thick cock up her liquid cunt. 

"OOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHH GGGOOOOOOOOODDDDDDDD!!!" she wailed. She certainly wasn't a virgin, but she had never tried to fuck anything this big before. Her head lulled back on her shoulders as he pushed more iron hard cock up her cunt with each gentle thrust of his hips. The very insides of her pussy felt like that they were being stretched beyond their limit, yet the assault continued. Inch by inch more of Hank's powerful spear worked it way up her hot fuck hole. He was really surprised how much she was taking. He thought he would have bottomed out a long time ago, yet she continued of suck up more cock. No one had ever been this deep inside her before, and no one had ever stuffed her as full of male love muscle as this drifter. The giant head kept nudging forward and the constant pressure was bringing her to the edge of a massive climax. She was about to cum and he hadn't even started fucking her yet. One more thrust and her cunt clamped down on his raging cock, and she screamed out her pleasure.

"FFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKK!!!!"

She started flipping her hips up at him as he pushed deeper into her. She was going wild with lust as his cock brought her to heights she had never experienced. Her cunt was gushing out juices that flowed over his massive cock and balls and down her asscrack. In her lust, she flopped back on the table and began to pull and squeeze her massive rack. She was cumming apart at the seams and he just continued to gently thrust into her climaxing cunt. 

"OHH GOD...OHH GOD... OHHHH GODDD...OOOOOOOOHHHHHH!!!"

Her head was shaking from side to side as her passion built. It felt like this orgasm would never end. Then all at once, the thrusting in her molten cunt stopped, and the only thing moving was the rippling walls of her own pussy. Slowly, she opened her eyes and looked down at Hank. She couldn't believe it. He was standing with his crotch pressed hard against hers. He had stuffed his entire long, thick cock up her convulsing cunt. Her pussy lips were stretched to the limit as they wrapped themselves around his thick shaft. As the drifter looked down at her with the nasty leer on his face, she knew that the real fucking was about to start. She almost swooned at the very thought of it. 

Hank looked down at the magnificent heaving body of Jenna, the huge breasts that moved back and forth with each thrust, her splendid legs that were thrown over his shoulders, but what was most impressive, is that she had been able to take all 11 hard thick inches of his cock into her beautifully welcoming cunt. And now the fun was going to start. This was the part that he loved.

He reached up and grabbed a large tit in each hand and pulled her ass to the edge of the table. Then pinching her sensitive nipples with his fingers, he began to thrust into her tight cunt. It brought an immediate groan from Jenna's lips. 

"OOOOOHHHHH GODDDD!" she whimpered. There was almost a foot of cock crammed up her hot trembling pussy. She'd already had a mind-blowing, earth shaking orgasm that convulsed her entire body in pleasure, and he had just started to fuck her. The drifter relished the feel of her incredibly tight pussy, and smiled to himself at the feel of her pussy walls clenching around his massive shaft as he started to fuck her. Moving slowly at first, he would pull out just an inch and ever so slowly push it back in. He had to hold back from the overwhelming desire to furiously pound himself into her hot cunt. Slowly, but surely he began to pull out a couple of inches and push it back in a bit faster. Every few thrusts he'd pull out just a bit more and push back just a bit faster, just a bit harder.

"Ohhhhh! Ohhhhh... F-F-F-FUCK!!!" Jenna moaned as she came again and again.

He looked down at her and marveled at the expression of lust on the young girl's face. He continued to pinch and flick her long nipples and squeeze her big, full tits adding to her pleasure. Feeling like a log was being jammed up her cunt, fucking her faster and faster, she thrust back against him trying to meet each of his thrusts. He was ramming his massive cock in and out of her hot and wet little cunt full force now. Using the entire length of his giant cock, he drove it faster and faster into her creaming tight cunt. His heavy balls slapped against her ass with each stroke as he fucked her deep and hard.

"You can't ... you can't ... cum inside...you can't ... cum inside me?" she blurted out between powerful thrusts. 

"Why not?" he grunted.
