 I left work at 2:00 that Friday. It was just so dead there and I really wasn't into working seeing how horny I'd been since I first opened my eyes that morning. So I called my friend and arranged to meet him. He lives about an hour from where I work. Feeling as horny as I was, driving an hour to get fucked by a hot, sexy, young stud was worth it to me. Before I left work, I changed from my jeans and long sleeved t-shirt into a short black skirt, zip up sweater, knee high boots and the silky white thong I had cum on the night before and again that morning. I was planning on leaving my panties with him filled with my scent so he could use them to jerk off in when I wasn't around. When I spoke with him earlier, he suggested I bring my toy down with me, so before I left my house that morning, I had grabbed the rabbit from my bedside table and stuffed it into my purse. 

It was a long drive and the road seemed endless. After driving about half an hour, I decided to entertain myself a little during the remainder of the trip. I reached into my purse and pulled out my toy. I pulled my panties aside enough so my clit and pussy were exposed. I put the shaft of the toy up the front of my panties to hold it in place while the bunny ears were resting directly on my clit. Then I turned it on setting #1 (out of 4). mmmmmm those little ears began to vibrate and as I pulled my skirt back down over my lap, I thought to myself - ooooohhhh this was such a good idea. After a few minutes I decided to turn it up a notch and kicked it to #2. The sensation it sent was wonderful. I began to wiggle in my seat as I held it tight between my legs for that extra little pleasure of pushing against it as it vibrated so nicely on my clit. 

Every so often, when vans or trucks were not right next to my car, I'd lick my fingers and then reach my hand down under my skirt and finger my clit a little, pulling my pussy lips further away exposing my hard clit even more than before. By this time about 15 minutes had passed, and I clicked it to setting #3. After that, it only took about 5 more minutes and I had a body shaking orgasm. I left the toy vibrating on my clit until I couldn't take it anymore. Reaching down I clicked it off and let my pussy regain it's senses, so to speak. I think I only let about 5 minutes go by and decided it was time to turn that bad boy on again. I was till so horny and so looking forward to my upcoming rendezvous.

Since I was getting close to my exit, I only put it to setting #2 and just let it vibrate away. I felt so naughty doing what I was doing. I called my friend to ask for directions once I got off the exit. He asked if I remembered to bring my toy. I replied, "I sure did. hehee. I'm using it now." He was totally shocked when I said that and totally turned on by it too. I told him I had already cum once. He asked if I was going to cum again. I said I was going to hold off, but tease myself so I would be so wet and ready for him. I told him I couldn't wait to suck his cock and have him explode in my mouth, letting me taste his sweet juices. He said he was already rock hard and me, I was soaking wet. Luckily it only took about 10 more minutes and I was at the park where we were meeting.

A few minutes later, he pulled up, parked and jumped into my car. Since we only had about an hour, we had decided to save money and not rent a room - we'd just do it in my car. I have a Tarus and the back seat is a fairly decent size. First thing he did after we jumped into the back seat was to unzip my sweater and start playing with my tits thru my bra, causing my nipples to harden rather quickly. He knows how I love to watch my nipples being played with, so he removed one of my tits from my bra and as he looked into my eyes, began to lick and nibble and suck on my most sensitive nipple. This just made me melt inside and sent shivers down to my pussy which became even wetter as it literally ached to be touched.

As he was playing with my nipple, I began to feel his hand start a slow caress up my leg, ending at my pussy. His fingers lightly began playing with my clit. Then he asked me to remove my panties and show him what I was doing with my toy on the ride up. I slowly removed my panties, which I know he enjoys watching, and hiked my skirt up to my thighs. Then I got my toy and began to rub my clit with it, turning it on to show him exactly what I did on the ride down. He took his cock out and began to give himself a hand job. As much as I was turned on my watching him do that, I needed to touch his cock. I needed to have it in my mouth. I needed to make him cum. I needed to taste his cum as it shot down my throat. 

So I quickly changed positions, putting one knee on the seat and one foot on the floor. I dove on his cock with my mouth, filling it. I began sucking the head of his cock, circling my tongue at the very tip. I knew he was enjoying it by the gasp he released when my tongue first hit his tip. I sucked just the head into my mouth, swirling my tongue around him the entire time. Then I concentrated at that little v section, making him shudder as he breathlessly said "oh yeah, baby, just like that. ooohh I like that, suck my cock." I continued licking all down his hard throbbing shaft, nibbling lightly, licking, nibbling, taking him in my mouth again as my hand gently caressed his balls. Then I gave him a hand job as I licked his balls, sucking them into my mouth gently, one at a time.

I took his cock back in my mouth and continued to suck on his throbbing dick. I licked my pinkie and teased his ass just a little, making him jump in pleasure. Then I stuck just the tip of my pinkie in, feeling him squeeze around my finger as I sucked his cock. He was totally loving it, telling me to do more, so I slowly began pushing my pinkie in further and further until the palm of my hand hit is ass. I wiggled my pinkie around. He about went insane with the pleasure I was sending through him. He began breathing heavier, telling me he was gonna cum, and he did. He exploded in my mouth. Shouting "oh baby... yeah baby... that feels so fucking good. You're such a bad girl...oooooohhhhhh." When he calmed down, I slowly removed my pinkie, but continued to lick the cum off his still hard dick. During the entire blow job, he had been fingering my pussy and my clit, making me wetter still and so fucking horny. He teased the entire time, not letting me cum, knowing that I wanted to cum while sitting on his cock.

He can stay hard longer than anyone I've met before, which was a bonus for me because I needed to have that cock inside my pussy in the worst way. I told him I was going to ride him and cum on his dick. I straddled him, positioning myself as he held his dick away from his body. As soon as the tip entered my pussy, I was in heaven. I began to ride him, slowly at first, making that cock go in and out of my pussy, picking up speed as I went. He was hitting a spot so deep inside my pussy, sending an extra thrill through my body each time I felt his cock hit my spot. He began to finger my clit, making me squeeze his cock with my pussy. He could tell I was getting close, and wanting to prolong my pleasure, eased up on my clit. Then he turned his attention to my tits which were now directly in front of his face, just begging to be played with. As he pinched and pulled on one nipple, he put the other in his mouth and sucked on it, making it stick out farther than it already was. Lightly biting it. Licking it. Sucking it. Totally sending me.

I was moaning out of control at this point, my breathing was hard; I could barely speak, whispering his name, begging him to make me cum. His hand reached around me and he began to finger my hole. He began pumping his cock into me harder and faster, matching my rhythm thrust for thrust, sticking his finger in my ass, playing with my clit. I couldn't take it anymore. I was on the brink of cumming. "Oh yeah, baby, stick that finger in my ass, you know how much I like it... oooohhhh, make me cum... make me cum hard... cum with me... fill my pussy.. oohhh yeah... ooh baby... here it is... I'm c-c-c-cuuummmminnggggg... oooooooooo... ooooooooo... ooooooo... don't stop... oooohhhh."

As I was cumming hard, he began to cum, filling my pussy... I came so fucking hard... and so did he. I collapsed on top of him, my breath coming in short spurts, my whole body tingling, I heard him whisper in my ear "breathe baby, breathe." I smiled to myself thinking back to the first time he whispered those words to me and the fun we'd had that night. I began to slow my breathing, regaining my senses. Then I slowly slid off him, totally spent and totally satisfied. It was what I had been wanting all day long. What my body was craving. What I was craving. After we cleaned up a bit, and found our clothing, we thanked each other for the awesome sex, kissed good bye and then he was back in his car and I was left with a smile on my face, a satisfied pussy, and ready for the long drive back home.