 The day was quite warm, the bright sunshine beating down as the red convertible zipped along the country road. He watched her out of the corner of his eye, appreciating the short skirt she was wearing. He always got a twinge in the pit of his stomach when he thought of her; the way her legs wrapped around him when they made love, the feel of her skin, the smell of her.

He felt himself growing just a bit from thinking about her. She was daydreaming about the night they had just shared. She closed her eyes for a moment and smiled; he was a very imaginative lover. She turned to look at him, and he at her. They smiled at each other, knowing instinctively what the other was thinking.

She glanced down and noticed the bulge in his pants. A big grin spread across her face as she thought about him. She turned and slid across the seat towards him. Placing her lips close to his ear, she whispered how much she liked the things they had done together the night before.

She reached down to rub him with her palm. Through his jeans, she felt him push up to her hand slightly. She touched his ear with the tip of her tongue, tracing the edge all the way from the bottom of the lobe to the top, then dipping slightly to the inside.

He shivered, a slight groan escaped his lips, and he tightened his grip on the steering wheel. She unbuttoned his jeans and slowly pulled down the zipper. She was toying with his ear, teasing with her tongue, nipping lightly with her teeth. Her breath in his ear was wonderful, as was the pressure of her hand on his swelling cock. "Raise your hips," She whispered.

He gladly obliged and she slid his jeans down over his hips to give her access to him. She began to caress him with her hand, as she kissed downward, on the side of his neck, in the hollow where his shoulder began, and still downward.

She unbuttoned his shirt, kissing the skin as it was exposed. She took his nipple lightly between her teeth, running the tip of her tongue over it as he took in a sharp breath. He slowed a bit, unable to concentrate on his driving and what her hands and mouth were doing to him at the same time. He placed his right hand on her hair, caressing her lovingly. She continued to kiss his warm skin, slowly working her way downward, toward his straining erection. She took him in her hand again and held him while she lowered her head and flicked her tongue against the tip. Soft, feathery, teasing, little licks caused him to shudder.

His hand still in her hair, he pushed her head down. He pushed himself into her hot mouth. She eagerly took him in. She swirled her tongue around him, licking and sucking. His fingers tightening in her hair, he pushed her down even farther until almost his entire cock disappeared in her mouth.

He groaned loudly, gripping the wheel and her hair tighter. She began to pull back, all the way to the tip, only to slide her lips down again. Finding it harder to drive, he slowed even more. As she pumped up and down, she massaged his balls, rubbing and squeezing lightly. He took his foot off the gas all together, looking for a place to stop.

He found what he was looking for: a dirt drive, almost hidden amongst the trees. He followed it a ways, back into the woods, until he came to a small clearing. He stopped the car, turned off the engine and leaned back in his seat, enjoying the feel of her lips and mouth on his cock.

She started moving faster, taking all of him. He watched himself slide in and out of her mouth, such a beautiful sight. He felt the stirring of release building within him. He was squirming in the seat, holding her head in his hands, her hair tangled in his fingers. He watched as he disappeared in her mouth, again and again, his erection glistening with her saliva. God, her mouth felt wonderful on him. Unable to contain himself any longer, he pushed into her as hard as he could, letting out a groan, filling her mouth with his essence.

She took all he had to give, not spilling a single drop, and licked him clean. She held him in her mouth for a time, feeling him beginning to grow soft, but knowing she had the power to make him hard again and again. When his breathing returned to normal, she started to caress him with her lips once again. Almost instantly, he began to swell. 

His hands wandered from her hair down to her back, around her side, over her hip and back up again. He wanted badly to see her naked body in the sunlight, to feel her with his hands and taste her again. He pulled her up off of him and, looking into her eyes, kissed her passionately, tasting himself on her lips, feeling the softness of her mouth with his. His tongue parted her lips, insisting on exploring her inner warmth. He thought first of her mouth and later, of other, more intimate regions. She moaned softly, pulling him tightly into her embrace. He wanted badly to lay her on the seat and make love to her, but knew that there was not enough room to move around like he wanted. "Get out of the car," he told her.

He reached into the back seat, retrieved a blanket, walked to the front of the car and spread it on the hood. Reaching out for her, his hands caught her as she stepped into his embrace, loving the feel of his body as he pulled her close. He kissed her again, taking his time to taste every inch of her mouth before pulling back slightly to kiss her cheeks, her nose, her eyelids. Tracing his tongue along the line of her jaw, he kissed and caressed her face with his mouth. His hands played across her back, massaging, lightly squeezing her as his hands drifted down to cup both her cheeks, pulling her even closer.

She could feel the contours of his body, every curve, every bulge, especially the one pressing into her most intimate place. He was so very hard again, and she was on fire for him. He tugged her short skirt down over her hips, then her top came off over her head and she was left standing in nothing but her bra and panties. He loved the way the white lace looked against her smooth skin.

"Turn around," he said softly. She turned to face the car. 

He stepped directly behind her, placed his hands on her shoulders, and began a torturously slow exploration of her body with his hands and mouth. He kissed her shoulders, the back of her neck and then let his fingertips glide down her back to the top of her lacy panties. He massaged her cheeks through the cloth and moved his hands around to her front. Pulling the full length of her body against his he pressed his lips to her neck once again. His hands moved upward to cup both her breasts, bringing a moan from her.

She pushed her lace-covered bottom tightly against his rock hard cock. He gently squeezed her breasts through the lace, feeling her nipples straining to be free of their confinement. He was glad to oblige, undoing the hook and letting the wisp of lace fall away. She kept pushing herself against him, moaning softly, as he thoroughly massaged her breasts, finally taking the hard sensitive nipples in his fingers and squeezing then into his mouth sucking. She groaned loudly, melting into him.

Trying to keep his control, he backed away from her a bit and told her to bend over and put her hands on the hood of the car. She quickly obliged, exciting him even more as he looked at her bent over, nothing covering her cheeks but a thin strip of white lace. Kneeling behind her, he placed his hands on her hips and let them roam over her bottom, pausing at her thighs, and continuing down the entire length of her legs.

She wiggled with anticipation as he reached for the top of her panties and began ever-so-slowly to pull them down over her hips, kissing and licking the exposed flesh. He moved his mouth slowly down her legs, licking his way down, kissing the sensitive places behind her knees. Lifting her feet, first one, then the other, he removed her panties.

She felt as if she would faint when he spread her legs and placed his tongue on her inner thigh. He brushed his fingers over her, touching her with his tongue, causing her to shiver. Pushing her thighs further apart, he finally touched the tip of his tongue to her already swollen lips, tasting the wetness that was beginning to drip from her.

Her cries of pleasure mixed with the sounds of birds singing in the trees as he entered her with his tongue, licking up the moisture, inhaling her natural perfume. Her knees were getting weaker as he licked and sucked her lips, moving up the crease between her cheeks, lightly nipping with his teeth, causing her to quiver and beg him to take her.

He was determined to take his time, to bring her to the brink again and again, then give her the most intense release possible. He licked his way back to the entrance between her hot lips and slipped his tongue in once again as far as he could. Another loud cry escaped her and she pushed back against him. He held her firm and moved his mouth further towards her love button, using the tip of his tongue to lick all around without actually touching it.

Panting, gasping for breath, she begged him to give her the release she wanted so badly, but he continued his slow, methodical consumption of her, getting more aroused by the minute. He finally touched her delicate clit with his tongue and sucked it between his lips, tugging lightly on it. He could feel her orgasm rising to the surface, so he pulled away, stepping back from her.

She stood and turned toward him, reaching to pull him to her. He backed her against the hood of the car, kissed her passionately and pushed her down onto the hood. She lay back, feeling the warmth of the car on her back through the blanket, the warm sun beating down on her naked body. He quickly shed his clothes and leaned over her, again tasting her sweet mouth, caressing her breasts, feeding the fire that was inside her.

She grasped his head in her hands and pulled his mouth to her breasts. He nibbled first one hard nipple, then the other. Finally, unable to contain his need of her any longer, he placed the tip of his straining cock at the hot, wet entrance between her legs, rubbing it back and forth along her lips, covering himself with her wetness. With a single, swift thrust, he was inside her. She cried out, writhing beneath him, pushing her hips upward to meet his as he began moving within her, trying to go slowly, but finding it impossible to hold back.

The sun, the birds, the warm afternoon breezes; all of this went unnoticed as he slid himself in and out of her, both of them lost in each other, consumed by the passion.

Moving faster now, feeling her orgasm rising once again, as well as his own, he stood, pulling her to the edge of the hood so that he was standing between her legs. He lifted her legs, placed her feet at his shoulders and slid even deeper inside her. Her whimpers turned into cries of intense, almost painful pleasure as an exquisite orgasm overtook her. Her contracting gripped him tightly again and again, sending him over the edge with her. He filled her once again as he came.

Clinging to each other, gasping for breath, savoring the feel of each other, they remained joined for some time. Slowly they became aware of their peaceful surroundings, of the warm sun, and the breezes lightly caressing, cooling their bodies. He released her legs, pulled her to him and held her tenderly.