 My name's John Reynolds, and I've been a driving instructor for almost 15 years now. It's a job I really enjoy, and I've built up a store of funny and frightening stories over the years. Of course, you do meet some right nutters in this line of work, but you also meet some glamorous ladies. I look all right -- 47 years old, mid-height, dark hair, kept myself reasonably trim -- but certainly nothing special. I've been married for over 20 years, but my wife doesn't really like sex that much, and these days I'm lucky to get more than a kiss and a cuddle. Even so, even if any of the lovelies I've taught to drive had shown the slightest interest in me I've never been tempted to overstep the mark -- well, not until recently, anyway.

Her name was Leanne Kennedy. The receptionist at our driving school had taken the booking, so I had no idea what to expect. When I saw her for the first time I must admit I was quite pleased -- who wouldn't rather share a car with a pretty 22-year old blonde than a frumpy middle-aged housewife? Leanne was waiting for me outside the block of flats where she lived, dressed in a trim white blouse, a short black cotton skirt and black flat-soled shoes -- sensible driving footwear. As she crossed the path to the car the evening sun created a halo effect in her bubbly blonde hair, and she gave me the prettiest smile as I adjusted the driver's seat for her -- she was only five-feet-two.

She told me she'd had a few lessons when she was 17, and was now determined to learn to drive. I talked her through the basics then, quite nervously, she pulled out into the road. As she drove she told me she was a linguistics student at the local university. I was only half-listening as I concentrated on getting her safely through her first lesson with me. She seemed to be quite a natural driver, and I soon began to relax. In doing so, I couldn't help noticing things about my pupil: the delicate flower-scented perfume which began to fragrance the car; the fact that her nipples were creating little crests in her blouse; her bare thighs peeking out from beneath her skirt. At one point I was sure she'd caught me looking, and I felt my face turn bright red as I stared fixedly through the windscreen. But Leanne simply smiled, and said, "I'm really enjoying this. I feel very safe with you, Mr Reynolds."

Towards the end of our allotted time I started to get her driving back towards her flat. About a hundred yards short of it, though, without warning, she indicated left and drove up an alleyway, parking behind a row of closed shops. We were in a deserted car park. I turned to her and started to ask what she was doing, but she placed a hand on my knee to quieten me, and said, "I stopped us here because I want to talk about payment for my lessons. The thing is, Mr Reynolds, I can't really afford the fees for this, but I desperately want to learn to drive." I was dreadfully aware of the warmth of her fingers through my thin trousers. I was going to tell her I wouldn't charge her for this lesson but there wouldn't be any more; then she spoke again. "So what I thought was, well, I could pay you in kind."

Before I quite realised what was happening, Leanne slipped her hand up my thigh into my crotch. Her other hand joined it, and her blonde head dipped towards my groin. I should have pushed her away, of course; but my brain simply wouldn't tell my arms to move. I stammered, "Miss Kennedy, really, I can't allow this, it would be totally unethicaaaahhh!" She had unzipped me, and her lips had closed around the tip of my knob, which instantly grew rock hard. Oral sex was a new experience for me, and I slumped back in a daze as she swirled her tongue around my cock. Her hands burrowed in my lap, then I felt slim fingers wrap around my balls and begin to caress them. Her other hand grasped the base of my dick and pumped it slowly and steadily. With the combination of her hands and mouth I knew I couldn't last long, and my hips jerked spasmodically as I shot off into her mouth. 

She sucked at me until I had completely finished, slowly licking around the tip of my dick. The she sat up and gave me a wicked grin, a tiny drop of my spunk nestling at the corner of her mouth. Seeing the look on my face she laughed and said, "I think I'd better drive us back to my flat Mr Reynolds, you look a bit shell-shocked." I certainly was. I wondered if I might get invited inside, but Leanne simply gave me a peck on the cheek and said, "Same time on Thursday then? Oh, and you might want to put those away." I glanced down at my trousers, and realised with a shock that my now flagging cock and balls were still hanging out!

I managed to drive home somehow. Of course, the very next thing I should have done was cancel all Leanne's future appointments; but two days later, on the Thursday, I was outside her home prompt at seven o'clock, feeling as nervous as a fifteen-year old about to be given a rectal examination by the school nurse. I felt tense and edgy throughout the entire lesson, but Leanne seemed perfectly relaxed and at ease in my company. As we approached the parade of shops again, she giggled, "Don't you want to tell me to signal and turn left here?" Moments later my cock was again in her mouth, as she pumped her lips and tongue up and down it. She broke off long enough to murmur, "You know darling, you should be proud, this is the biggest prick I've ever sucked." I lasted a bit longer that time. 

Afterwards Leanne wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed me, thrusting her tongue deep into my mouth. I felt it lick along mine, and a thick, sticky glob passed onto my tongue. Giggling again, Leanne whispered, "That's called a snowball." And that's how her lessons continued. I taught her to drive, and in return she sucked me off. Of course, I had to pay in the money she supposedly gave me for each lesson, so my sexual flirtation was costing me £100 a week, but I felt it was worth it. It wasn't the most comfortable place to do it, and I would have liked to get into her flat, but I was happy to take what I could get.

One evening Leanne was wearing a sleeveless summer dress with buttons up the front. As her mouth closed over my cock I reached under her and softly wrapped my fingers around her tit, outside the dress. She froze for a moment, and whispered, "Naughty!" Then she shrugged and said, "Oh, go on then. I'm not wearing a bra you know darling." Needing no further encouragement I slipped my hand through the armhole of the dress and closed it over her bare boob, my palm rolling her nipple. She began moaning and pumping her lips up and down my rod even more vigorously, and I shot off like a volcano. Leanne snowballed me again and whispered, "I like what you did with my tittie."

I might have been tempted to extend the number of lessons, just to keep getting my jollies from Leanne. I felt that would be unprofessional though. She really was a good driver, and after only a few weeks I told her I was putting her in for her test. She squealed in delight, and squeezed me to her, her tongue plunging into my mouth. When we finally came up for air she giggled, "Oh thank you Mr Reynolds darling." Then as usual she unzipped my fly and burrowed her head into my lap. Just as I was reaching out for her boob though, she intercepted my hand and pulled it under her skirt. Delighted, I stroked my fingers up her soft, silky leg -- then found my knuckles rubbing against springy hair. Not only had Leanne left her bra off that evening, but her knickers as well. 

Scarcely believing what I was doing, I stroked a finger along the lips of her pussy. She moaned and clamped her lips even more tightly around my cock. I slipped two fingers inside her and began to fuck her with them. She groaned with each thrust, and started to whirl her tongue around me in time to my fingers. Just as I came into her mouth her hips pushed hard onto my fingers and she wrapped a hand tightly around my wrist. When she drove back to her flat I thought my moment to go in with her had finally come, but she kissed two fingers and pressed them gently to my lips. "If I get through this test, darling Mr Reynolds, I'm going to give you a big bonus."

I could hardly wait for the day of the test. That afternoon Leanne drove us to the test centre, and I winced in panic as she crunched the gears of the car. Then I nervously paced the car park awaiting her return with the examiner. When they arrived it was smiles all round -- my pupil had passed with flying colours. It was the first time I'd seen her in broad daylight, and she's never looked more beautiful. She was wearing the dress with the buttons up the front again. Instead of driving to her flat she took me to a secluded track in a local wood. 

I was slightly nervous that someone might see us, but I soon forgot my worries. Her eyes locked on mine, Leanne unbuttoned the dress to her waist, and for the first time I saw her lovely breasts -- small but round, very pale with pink nipples. Then, still gazing into my eyes, she unbuttoned my shirt. We kissed passionately as she rubbed her cool breasts against my bare chest. Then she slipped her lips down my throat and began sucking one of my nipples, tweaking the other with her fingers. I was already ramrod stiff when she slipped a hand down and pulled a lever, allowing the driver's seat to lie almost flat. Smiling into my face, she unbuttoned her dress the rest of the way and slipped it off her shoulders, then lay back, her bare feet resting on the car dashboard either side of the steering wheel.

I gazed in wonderment at the golden hair of her pussy, and the pretty pink slit between her thighs. I tore at my trousers, pushed them down around my ankles, and eased myself on top of Leanne. She giggled nervously as, grasping her hips, I thrust my cock deep into her. I was going to really enjoy this experience, and I began humping her with a slow, steady rhythm. Leanne's legs wrapped around me, the soft soles of her feet stroking me. She slipped a hand up under my shirt and caressed my back. As I slammed into her she began to whisper a constant stream of encouragement. "Oh yes, fuck me big boy, good and hard, oh fuck fuck fuck, oh God that feels good, ahh yes!" She came first, wailing and biting my neck. I continued to screw her for several more strokes before I finally finished. We lay together kissing, our naked bodies rubbing against each other.

Even then I didn't get into Leanne's flat. As I dropped her off she gave me a very chaste kiss and giggled, "Thank you for everything darling- I won't forget you." The next few weeks were incredibly dull, and I began to feel quite down, especially on Tuesday and Thursday evenings. I had a number of boring, rather unpleasant pupils, and I just couldn't raise any enthusiasm for the job. Then one evening, listlessly turning the pages of the local newspaper, an advert caught my eye. I knew that mobile phone number...surely, it couldn't be...

"Hello, my name's John Reynolds. I've seen your ad in the paper, about tuition in your home, and I'm very interested in learning both French and Italian. The only thing is, I'm not sure I can afford to pay you in cash."

Leanne's giggle washed over me, like a mountain stream gurgling through rocks. "Oh don't worry about that, darling Mr Reynolds -- I'm sure we can reach some mutually satisfying arrangement."