 I started working at a company on a six month contract. On the first day, I was shown around the business and introduced to the people that I would be working with. As I was walking down to the ground floor, I passed a vision of beauty on the stairs. Our eyes met and there was a spark of interest between us. 

The woman was dressed immaculately in corporate attire. It wasn't so much what she was wearing, but more her stunning smile which was both disarming and confident. Her blue eyes, blonde hair, slim figure and calm disposition completed the picture. 

I smiled at her and continued on my way in a dreamlike state. When I reached the bottom of the stairs, I walked over to the coffee vendor nearby. The owner was a youngish man whom I had met a few weeks ago when I first applied for the job. 

"Good morning George," I said.

"Good morning Dan," he replied.

"George, who was that?" I asked as I cocked my head sideways in the direction of the stairs. 

George smiled knowingly. "That's Brigit. She works in Legals."

"Wow!" I exclaimed. "Nice!" We both laughed. 

As I settled into my job, I was fortunate that my work had a legal component to it, so I had a legitimate reason to go up to the office and discreetly check out Brigit. She had an accent that I couldn't quite place. It was either American or Canadian. Knowing from past experience that it's a big mistake to confuse the two, I asked her straight out where she was from. 

"I'm Canadian," Brigit replied, "but I've lived here most of my adult life." 

Brigit's father had come here for work and the girls loved it so much that they vowed to return as adults. I also learned that she went to the gym for an hour each day which explained her well defined calf muscles. She was a fox but I decided that she was way out of my league. 

I knew it was foolish to think about getting involved with anyone at my work as I was only there for a short time and I'm a firm believer in the expression "Don't screw the crew." I had dated someone from work once before and it ended badly. The situation with my ex-girlfriend had made it untenable at work and I ended up leaving.

As offices were in short supply, I was asked to find somewhere else to work. Fortunately, the Legal department had some spare desks so I was happy to move up there as it brought me closer to Brigit.

I set up my computer facing out to the corridor so that I could catch the comings and goings of everyone in the department. Whilst this was a distraction, it was worthwhile where Brigit was concerned. She dressed immaculately and her corporate attire was damned sexy.

One day I was chewing an apple and turned to face Brigit. 

"I hope I'm not masticating too loudly."

She blinked a few times and shook her head disbelievingly. 

"What?!" she said in a surprised tone. 

I repeated, "I hope I'm not masticating too loudly," and smiled cheekily. 

"What the hell does that mean?" she asked with a puzzled look on her face. 

"Chewing," I replied and paused for effect. "I hope I'm not chewing too loudly." 

The words sunk in and she laughed out loud. "No, you're not," and added, " I've never heard that word before." 

I smiled to myself. It was fun to watch her reaction. 

In the few short months of working with Brigit, I gleaned that she was divorced, had two children and was currently seeing someone. I classed her as a "Yummy Mummy." 

My contract wound up after six months and I sent a farewell email to Brigit with my contact details.

A few months later, I received a text message from Brigit telling me that she was going to be in town on Friday night with her girlfriends and would I like to join them. I thought about it but ended up declining the invitation.

We continued to text each other over the course of the following year but nothing eventuated, until one cold and rainy afternoon I received a message from Brigit.

"Hello handsome, feeling adventurous?" 

I replied, "LOL! Feeling cold actually. Are you venturing out in this cold weather?"

The conversation continued like this...

Brigit: "No, at home, nice and warm."

Me: "Roaring fire and marshmallows? Whisky?"

Brigit: "Roaring body!"

This was a blatant hint that I wasn't going to ignore but I thought carefully about my response.

Me: "LOL! Sensational. I've been writing some erotic fiction. Would you class that as adventurous?"

Brigit: "You have my attention! Erotic fiction! I could help with the fiction and possibly the erotic."

My heart was racing now...

Me: "I forgot to add that I am running low on fresh material. I have been chronicling my past dalliances with a flourish of creativity. Should we make some new stories or are you going to provide me with your chronicles? Where's straight-laced Brigit by the way or is this sexy vixen the real you?"

Brigit: "We've had many missed opportunities to create new stories and while I would happily share with you the exert in my book about you, I would be more happy to create chapters ourselves!"

So she was writing about me too. Intriguing...

Me: "I believe you had a steady boyfriend at the time of the missed opportunities and the group nights didn't appeal as I wanted you all to myself. I suspect you are a force to be reckoned with though, and your calves, correctly applied, could snap a man in two. Would you like me to read you one of my stories and get a taste of my style?"

Brigit: "LOL. Oh what fun we could have! Reading to each other naked and me on top applying just the right pressure waiting for that snap!"

Me: "LOL! Will I be doing that in person in which case I wouldn't be reading! Or will I be calling you later, to read you a bedtime story?"

Brigit: "It seems an opportunity may present itself. I would love you to read one of your stories to me whilst I lay between my sheets! You can call me later and let's have that oh so needed chat. I'll be home alone by 8pm waiting."

Me: "Excellent. Will you need a toy or will your imagination suffice? You can crack my back but snapping is out xx."

Brigit: "Truth be told I've just taken care of myself so toy in hand awaiting your call at 8PM."

My cock was rock hard and my heart was racing!

Me: "Already? Ohhh. Good girl. What a delicious thought Brigit! I'll start with a story called "Brigit's massage' especially tailored to my audience!"

At 8:30PM, I was filled with nervous anticipation as I picked up the phone to dial Brigit's number. We hadn't spoken since I left her work and here I was about to have an erotic chat with her. She picked up the phone instantly.

"Hello stranger," Brigit cooed.

"Hi Brigit," I replied. "It's been awhile. What have you been up to?"

She filled me in on all the goings on since I left the company such as staff movements and what progress had been made on the project that I had been working on. She mentioned that when I moved to Legals, she told her friends about me. I had been dubbed "Mr. Distraction." 

Her friends would ask her, "How's Mr. Distraction today?" I thought this was hilarious and we both laughed. 

She told me that when she had asked me to join her friends for a drink but turned her down, my new nickname had become "Mr. Frustration." 

I told her that I was totally clueless when it came to women but she had a boyfriend at the time so what did she expect. Also, I wasn't that keen to share her with her friends.

We chatted for about an hour and then she said that she was looking forward to hearing some of my stories. I felt embarrassed to be reading to this sexy vixen, but she insisted. I had a thump in my throat and my mouth was dry when I first started reading to her, but that soon passed as I heard her breathing heavily down the phone. My cock was hard and I stroked it a few times through my shorts. 

Brigit's moaning grew louder and she suddenly gasped, "I'm cumming!" 

I smiled to myself, pleased that my words had turned her on so much. 

When her breathing returned to normal, she said, "I am blown away by how graphically you describe the intense fucking sessions with Emma. I would never write like that!"

"It must be a bloke thing," I replied laughing.

"What are you doing tomorrow?" she asked. 

"I have a family gathering up at my sister's in the afternoon. What did you have in mind?"

"I'm dropping my daughter off at work at 10.00am and I'd love you to come over," she replied.

I gulped and thought about it for a few seconds. "Sure. What's your address?"

"I'll send it to you," she replied.

We said our goodbyes and within a few minutes, I received a text message with her address. She also wrote, "You are making me wet!"

Now it was my turn to gasp at her graphic admission.

The next morning as I was driving to Brigit's place, I was filled with nervous excitement. I hadn't been intimate with a woman for two years and hoped that I would be up for it.