 The summer air cooled as the sun went down, and my skin was clammy with evaporated sweat. Sam stepped into the driver's seat with two sodas and a box of popcorn.

"Did you get the Mike & Ike's?"

"Shit. No, I forgot them."

"Did you forget them on purpose?"

Sam laughed.

"I should have. I can't believe you eat that garbage." He threw a piece of popcorn in the air and caught it in his mouth. "Want me to go back?"

"Don't worry about it, the movie's about to start. What's this thing called again?"

"Zombie Harkening. It's terrible."

I put my bare feet up on the dash.

"Nice."

Sam poured out some of our drinks and refilled them with whiskey. He swirled the ice around and handed me a cup. I scooched toward him on the bench seat and he put his arm around my shoulders. 

"I hope you like blood. Because there is a lot."

"Why do men always think women are scared of blood? We see so much fucking blood that it's just an annoyance to us."

"How do you feel about disembowelment and cannibalism?"

"Positively."

"That's hot."

The floodlights went down and crowd cheered. The show started with old grindhouse trailers, and the audience yelled at the screen and cracked jokes from their cars. Sam kissed the top of my head. I rubbed his stomach through his shirt. 

The lights flickered and bounced off the windshield. We parked off to the side near the woods, and the crickets were almost as loud as the movie. I rested my head on his broad chest and listened to his heart.

On screen, the busty 30-year-old teenagers banged while zombies amassed on the football field. I unbuckled his belt and wedged my hand down the front of his jeans. I cuddled into the crook of his arm and stroked him until he was hard. He leaned his head back and moaned.

"Oh, Eleanor..."

"Shhh. I'm trying to watch the movie."

He slowly unzipped my sweatshirt and fondled my breasts. His breathing was heavy. I could feel him pulsate in my hand. I squeezed and his skin moved with my fist. His kisses moved down my face until our lips met. 

The audience screamed and we jumped at the same time. We looked at each other and laughed, and we crawled into the backseat together. I squirmed out of my hoodie while he kissed my neck. I lay on my back and he knelt beside me. He unbuttoned the front of my dress from top to bottom. He kissed my stomach. I touched the back of his head. 

He unhooked the tiny clasp at the front of my bra and my breasts slid down my chest. He licked and sucked and squeezed with his hands. There were flashes of monsters in the windows. He kissed my vulva through my briefs and slid them off in a single motion. 

He slowly sucked his fingers and put them inside me. I moved toward him and hugged his body close. He touched my neck. We kissed. I could hear the audience heckling the screen just outside.

Sam got on top and it was like we were teenagers again. I wrapped my legs around his ass and he planted his feet against the door. I hung on tight. I could feel his muscles strain. I forced my pussy into him and rode him hard.

The car rattled and shook and my foot dangled out the open window. Someone slapped my toes on the way to the lavatory.

"Get a room!"

I hastily buttoned up my dress and Sam climbed back into the front seat. I straddled his lap. He played with my breasts and I rubbed my naked skin against his erection. I licked his ears and roughed up his hair. 

He took his cock out and pushed it inside me. He held my hips and I bounced up and down. He undid one button, two, and kissed my breasts over my bra. The steering wheel dug into my back and I tried to avoid the horn. I grasped the handle on the ceiling above the door and fucked him hard. He rubbed my clitoris until I orgasmed, and then he finished too.

I carefully arranged a wad of napkins between my thighs and curled up in Sam's lap. The only two teenagers left were rummaging through an abandoned hardware store for weapons. It didn't look good for them. He grabbed the popcorn from the other seat and passed it to me first. I smiled and kissed him on the cheek.