 Straight sex, oral, cream pie

*****

So tell me again why you have to go today? My wife teased as I walked back into the bedroom. I had just come from outside where I was loading up my art trailer.

Because we don't have a chance to make money if I don't go! I shot back at her. She on the bed laid on her side legs bent slightly, causing her simple oversized t-shirt to rise up her thighs. She let out a grumble. But, she said pouty.

I walked over to the bed and leaned over to give her a quick kiss. I know I don't like the situation either. I said as I pecked her on the lips and then walked back to the closet. Usually she goes with me to art shows and truthfully I wouldn't have it any other way, I love having her at my side, but thanks to a mix up at her work, the days she had asked to have off were now filled with paperwork and endless phone calls, so the day we were meant to be on the road, she was going to be stuck in her office. And yes I was bummed cause those nights in the hotel rooms usually don't leave much to the imagination.

As I grabbed the necessary count of socks and boxers to get me through the weekend I turned and headed back to the bed. My duffle bag sprawled on my side, I placed the garments in the bag and headed back to the closet, I grabbed my jeans and heard my wife huff. But babe! She said in a very girlish voice.

I know love. I retorted as I turned around to see my wife now straddling my duffle bag, her legs pulled up underneath her. The t-shirt now riding up by her waist giving me a beautiful view of her shapely legs. Covered by nothing but a pair of white ankle socks. Her hands pushed together holding my duffle closed and at the same time pushing her braless breast together, my cock began growing at the sight of her, she looked like one of those timeless pin ups from the fifties and she knew it, cause I absolutely loved pin up girls, and how they could look both sweet and sexy all at the same time.

Don't you want this? She said while giving me those flirty come get me eyes. I hated how easily a girl can coax a guy with those eyes and it seemed all girls know how to do it. Seriously do they pull you aside in school and teach you that!

Of course I do! I said laying my jeans to the side. I leaned in and kissed her a bit deeper this time. BUT I got to pack love! As I reached out to grab my jeans, I felt pressure on my crotch then heard my zipper being undone. Cecilia I Warned! She jerked her hand back and just gave me a flirtatious smile.

Yes Bobby? She said as if she hadn't done anything. Now rocking back and forth on my duffle bag. Like a kid waiting patiently for a candy.

Please love. I reprimanded. I've gotta pack, I tried reaching back to my jeans. This time she reached into my now open zipper and pulled my semi hard cock out. CECILIA! She dropped to her elbows looking like a kitten who just got caught drinking from an unattended glass of milk. I leaned over her to smack her a good one across her bottom just for continuing to tease me. But I realized quickly, big mistake! As I playfully smacked her once on the backside all I really did was give her what she wanted, my exposed cock was mere inches from her face and all she had to do was tilt her head and take it into her mouth. And that's exactly what she did! I shifted my body and caught my weight on my left hand to keep from falling on top of her. She simply sucked and teased relentlessly, I attempted to stand back up but she bit down ever so gently on my now rigid cock, she was in complete control and I knew it.

My wife worked her magic, taking me in her mouth completely the withdrawing almost painfully slow, allowing her lips to slide and catch every vein and ridge of my cock, as she reached the head she would engulf it with her tongue up over across even pointing her tongue to gently part my urethra, licking it up and down, she would repeat that again as if she were tying a knot with her tongue, then she'd slide my cock fully back in her mouth till I couldn't go any farther. Her gag reflex was sensitive so I knew better than to push, but she knew exactly what she was doing as she withdrew my cock again with that agonizing pace, this time just fluttering her tongue at the base of the head as if playing a flute

Her slow repetitive motions were weaved in her favor, she knew she was getting to me, the pleasure she was filling me with was brutal, it would take me forever to cum like this and she knew I'd be begging for release soon. 

I allowed the pleasure to roll over me but she was right, I needed more. With all my weight on my left arm. I had my right hand free and I quickly put it to use. I lifted the loose end of her shirt over her back, I then encompassed her supple ass with my hand and squeezed firmly causing her to moan on my cock. Sliding my fingers under the leg hem of her nude cotton panties and traced them down between her thighs, I felt the moisture that had soaked the fabric just before I got to her sweet pussy, she was so wet already. And I needed a taste.

I pulled the fabric gently out then to the side exposing the sweet folds of her neatly trimmed pussy, and then without any resistance thanks to her overflowing wetness two fingers slipped easily in. she moaned on my cock again and my eyes rolled in pleasure. I was now definitely distracted. I slid my fingers fully inside of her then withdrew with protest from her as she huffed around my cock. I lifted my glistening fingers to my mouth and sucked them clean, her ridiculously sweet juices coating my tongue and lingering on my lips. I then returned them to her waiting pussy again without resistance. I began slow and steady strokes with an occasional "come hither" motion so my knuckles would graze her g spot. Her moaning over my cock while she sucked on me was going to drive me over the edge soon! She began matching the rhythm of my fingers with the pace of her sucking and now it was a matter of who was going to cum first. 

As I picked up my pace Cecilia was moaning faster and faster, I was doing my best to concentrate as to not cum despite her best efforts, then she pulled my cock out of her mouth with an exasperated huff as her moans now filled the room,

I drove my fingers deep and hard as she panted with each thrust, then a loud gasp from her as her pussy clenched my fingers and flooded them with a torrent of juices as she came. i just held my fingers there kind of keeping most of the juices from spilling all over my duffle bag she was still straddling. As her breathing slowed while she was coming down from her orgasmic high I began fingering her slowly once more. She tightened her pussy muscles and simply hummed the word as she shook her head no. she rocked forward pulling my fingers from her sweet delectable hole and pushing up forcing me to stand.

she now stood up on the bed and turned around, she hooked her thumbs into the waistline of her panties and worked them down bending at the waist, her ass right in my face I couldn't help it, I reached out and grabbed her hips, leaned forward and ran my tongue from her clit up causing her to yelp! She shook her hips making me lose my grip as she straddled my bag once more, then leaning forward hugging it presenting me with her beautiful supple ass. 

I stared for a moment as I watched a bead of her juices drip from her slightly reddened hole and trail down her pussy lip. God fuck me babe! She protested as she wiggled her ass at me. I hummed no just like she had done only moments earlier with me, I fell to my knees and took solid hold of her wide hips and planted my tongue squarely on her pussy and began licking. She moaned out "ooh god" as I started making out with her pussy, I circled her clit, traced her delectable lips and parted them with my tongue as i got to her sweet hole, it felt like fire as I slid my tongue between her lips and inside as far as I could go. Her juices nearly scorching me with their heat and I didn't want any to go to waist, darting my tongue inside and out , even cupping and sucking on her lips, Cecilia began rocking as if I were fucking her. So I decided i should

I backed off and slid my hands between her cheeks spreading them wide and causing her pussy lips to spread in response, I dove back in holding my tongue ridged as I fucked her with it. I released her cheeks and they engulfed my face and returned my hands to her hips. I grabbed and began pulling back as I thrust my tongue forward. Her moans intensified, she rocked to try to get my tongue as deep in her as it could go, her pace quickened and I knew I was in for a ride. Her thighs shuddered and that was my queue, I withdrew my tongue and took all of her pussy into my mouth and began sucking hard.

her moan came out almost a scream as I pulled back on her hips and her juices flooded my mouth, I sucked hard and earnest as her legs continued to tremble, wave after wave hit her and with each one my mouth nearly overflowed, I did my best to swallow her sweet juices without releasing her pussy from my mouth. I loved how she tasted and did not want to waste any bit of it. 

As her climax subsided she fell forward in a heap, she would have been completely flat on the bed had it not been for my duffel bag. I sat there on my knees staring at my wife sprawled open by my bag, legs spread, her pussy literally dripping from her own cum, it was a beautiful sight, she was so absolutely sexy, I had to have her.

I stood up quickly undressing. I reached between her legs grabbing the handle at the top of the duffle bag, she giggled a bit as I pulled it towards the edge of the bed bringing her with it. Now as beautiful and stunningly curvy as she is she's only 5' 1 so draped on top of my duffle bag when her knees met the edge of the bed they slid off forcing her legs straight down but leaving her feet dangling several inches from touching the floor. She tried tippy toeing but still couldn't reach "not cool" she scowled I just giggled don't worry babe I still love you. I said as I was leaning forward.

My cock met between her cheeks and she jolted just a bit, she tried to squirm but without any traction thanks to her feet missing the floor she was mine to have, I rocked back and forth a bit my cock sliding up and down the beautiful crack of her ass. PLEASE she moaned. I tilted my hips and pushed forward a long gasp escaped her mouth as my full length disappeared into her without resistance thanks to her overflowing wetness.

I began long slow strokes and realized quickly that was all I would be able to give her. I was already throbbing from all that had led up to this, and knew I would finish soon. But the gentleman I am I could not finish without giving her at least one more orgasm, so I stepped up to her tightly, spreading her legs even more. Then stood on my tippy toes so I could thrust down wards causing the head of my cock to put solid pressure on her g spot. Cecilia moaned uncontrollably my thrust were slow but steady and that familiar clenching was beginning to message my cock, her pussy actually warming up just a bit, her legs beginning to tremble and then I felt my cock flooded by the juices from her orgasm.

I loved how wet she would get, she screamed out loud words that made no scents, and the rhythmic pulsing of her pussy pushed me over the edge, my balls retracted, as my cock throbbed and pumped squirt after squirt of hot cum deep inside my wife's gorgeous pussy, she just cooed as my cock throbbed time and time again each one slightly softer than the last. As I felt the last of my cum deposit itself beautifully inside my wife I just lingered there. Catching my breath and watching her breathing deeply as well. I withdrew from her and stood up. Her, helplessly sprawled on my bag feet still dangling.

I could see the mess we had created her lips coated in her juices slightly frothed now and my cum beginning to drip from her sweet pussy, redden by our morning romp. It was so natural so beautiful. As I soaked in the view I heard her voice squeak, a little help please? As she wiggled her feet still inches above the floor. I giggled a bit as I grabbed the handle of my bag and pulled it towards me causing it to collapse over the edge of the bed allowing Cecilia to place her feet firmly on the floor. 

As she stood up. Her back pushed against my chest. I wrapped her in a hug cupping her breast in my hands. I planted a kiss on her neck and whispered in her ear. I'm going to go clean up I said. I disappeared in the bathroom for quick shower. 

I walked back into the bedroom to see my wife with her leg propped up on the night stand still bottomless dabbing herself with a Kleenex. My turn she giggled tossing the tissue in the trash removing her t-shirt and socks as she walked by and tossing them onto the pile of clothes I had made earlier. I went to my closet again and pulled on a fresh pair of boxers. Then went to finish packing my bag only to find it was already done, I figured she did it while I was in the shower. I smiled and zipped it up. I dressed and headed out to load it in the SUV. As I lifted and slid it into the back hatch I could see the wet spot on the top of it and could smell our combined juices still there. 

God it was going to be a long weekend...