 Amsu was working tirelessly to clean up the princess's bed chamber. She would return soon, and he knew that she would be tired after spending the day out with her family meeting suitors. The princess was at the age where she needed to find a husband in preparation to become the next Queen. Amsu knew personally she didn't want to marry and that she found these types of things boring and a waste of time, so whatever he could do to help boost her mood, he would be willing to do.

He had just finished making her bed when he heard the door open. He turned and stood at attention as Princess Lapis walked into the room wearing a simple white cotton dress adorned with simple but beautiful jewels. Her long dark hair was tied up in a ponytail and she wore simple sandals. Amsu smiled to himself. He knew the princess hated dressing like this, but he also knew that it was necessary to sell the idea she was a pure, humble girl waiting for her king. Lapis acknowledge Amsu's presence but said nothing as she started removing the jewels from her outfit.

"Princess," Amsu said as he bowed his head to her. "Welcome back, I hope your day went w- "He was cut off as he felt something light hit him. He quickly looked up and realized it was something soft and cotton. He pulled it off his head and saw it was the princess's dress. He looked up just in time to see her let her hair down. It nicely framed her cute, light brown face with her deep cocoa brown eyes. His eyes when she realized she was completely naked. He slowly scanned down her body, moving from her full DD breasts to her toned stomach to her thick, round thighs. 

Lapis smirked seeing the dumbfounded look on Amsu's face. They had been together in secret for months, and yet he still looked at her the same way he looked at her that first night they saw each other naked. She slowly approached him as she took off her remaining jewelry, stopping only when she was standing right in front of him. Amsu finally composed himself as he stared into her eyes.

"Princess, I don't think tonight would be a good night for... that," he said rather nervously. The hungry look in her eyes caught him off-guard, like he was the final meal for a hungry tiger.

"Now you listen to me," Lapis hissed like a viper ready to strike. "I just spent the day getting hassled by fat, perverted kings and their spoiled brats." As she said this she slowly sank to her knees, tugging at his pants as she did. "Now, I'm hot, pissed, and need you, my servant, to serve me." She yanked down his pants, making his semi-erect member pop out. Even not at its full power, Amsu's rod was still easily 8 inches and extremely thick. Lapis licked her lips before leaning in and slowly circling her tongue around the tip, letting out a low, satisfied groan matched only by the moan of surrender from Amsu as he gave in to the princess's lust.

As Lapis teased the tip with her tongue, she reached under and slowly fondled his sack. Amsu groaned from the stimulation as he removed his thin, cotton shirt. After months of performing fellatio on him, Lapis knew exactly what Amsu wanted, so she took things slow and sensual despite the fire inside her. After several minutes of this slow build, in which Amsu grew to his full 11 inches, he grabbed her hair with both hands and slowly pushed into her mouth. Lapis smirked as she allowed Amsu to take control and fill her throat with his member, and soon she was pushing her head back and forth, taking inch after inch.

Soon, the bed chamber was filled with the sounds of Amsu panting, Lapis's moans, and the sounds of sloppy oral. Amsu was quite impressed with Lapis. When they first started their affair, Lapis could barely take more than a couple inches of his member. But now she was taking almost the entire thing with no effort. The tip hit the back of her throat while her nose hit his pubes. Her nostrils filled with the scent of sweat and dried cum. He hasn't washed from their session last night, she thought to herself. The smell turned her on even more and she started bobbing her head harder, gagging and causing saliva to spill down her chin and onto the floor.

Amsu could feel himself getting closer to what promised to be a messy climax, one which Lapis could feel coming as well as he swelled inside her mouth. She pulled her head back and stood up, eliciting an annoyed sound from her frustrated servant.

"Sorry my dear," Lapis said with a smirk as she walked past him and plopped down on her bed. "I'm afraid I can't let you finish yet, not until you've satisfied this itch that's been building all day." She laid back and spread her legs, showing her dripping wet hole and swollen clit. Amsu grinned as he took off his shirt and tossed it to the floor. He then grabbed her by the ankles and pulled her to the edge of the bed, eliciting giggles from the aroused princess.

He lifted her leg and brought her foot to his mouth. He gently massaged it, causing Lapis to let out a small gasp as she watched. He continued to do this for some time then leaned in and licked along the sole of her foot, sending a shudder through Lapis's body. It tasted like dirt and sweat, but Amsu didn't care. He loved it, and he knew the Princess loved it. He smirked as he took her big toe into his mouth, sucking on it and swirling his tongue around it before moving along to the other toes. Lapis laid there enjoying the feel of Amsu's tongue on her toes. She knew he was trying to tease her, to try and tempt her to beg for him to just give her what she needed, and despite her resistance, she could already tell it was a losing battle.

Seeing her pant and shudder from pleasure, Amsu gently kissed her ankle and licked her ankle. He then began repeating this as he slowly moved down her leg, spending as much time as possible slowly cleaning her leg with his tongue. By the time he reached her thigh, Lapis felt like she was about to explode. She was extra sensitive and cried out as he kissed and licked her thighs, always barely avoiding her crotch with each kiss and lick. Eventually, he began to move up, but instead of going for her needy lips he moved up to her stomach. Surrendering to her lust, Lapis gave a frustrated shriek before grabbing his hair and pushing his face down to her wet hole.

"STOP TEASING ME AND EAT MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!" she trailed off as Asum dived into her wet box, making her arch her back as he licked around her outer lips and alternated between attacking her hole and teasing her lips. "Mmmmm yeeeeeeessss!!" she moaned and panted as she held his face there and let him do his thing. He knew now exactly how to use his tongue on her, and she wasn't about to stop him now. 

As Amsu continued his assault on her pussy with his mouth, he began to rub her clit in small circles with his thumb, sending fresh tremors through her body as she felt a strong climax building up inside her. She knew she wouldn't last much longer, and soon her moans were bordering on screams again as he brought his tongue up and flicked it against her clit. She squirmed as more juices dripped down her legs and Amsu's chin, until finally she couldn't hold it anymore. Her toes curled and she nearly leaped out of the bed as she climaxed, spraying her juices on his face and the sheets.

Lapis laid there panting and moaning as Amsu slowly licked the juices from her thighs and around her legs. She sat up and whined, holding her arms out to her servant. Amsu chuckled as he pulled her up and kissed her passionately, a passion that she more than willingly returned. Their tongues danced with one another as they fell back onto the bed, Amsu on top with Lapis running her hands through his hair. 

"Mm," Lapis moaned as she pulled back and stared deep into Amsu's eyes. "Can I say, the whole time I was with those suitors today and they kept looking at me like some animal they were hunting, I was thinking about you." She slowly traced her fingers along his torso, feeling his muscles and the mix of sweat and her juices that were running along them. "I thought about your lips on mine, your hands on my body, the way you fuck me so hard that if my parents saw me, they would disown me." She laid back and turned over onto her stomach. She raised her ass in the air then reached back and spread her ass cheeks. "You've ruined me for any other man Amsu. All I can think about is you, all I want is you." She turned back and stared at him, pleading with him to give her what she needed. Amsu nodded and placed his hands on her waist before lining up his body with hers and slowly pushing into her pussy. The two let out a simultaneous moan as Amsu filled her tight, wet hole. 

Amsu started off by giving her long, deep, and slow strokes, letting her feel every inch of his massive member as it pushed deeper and deeper into her. Lapis meanwhile was left a panting, moaning mess as she gripped the sheets and started pushing back against him, silently begging him to pound her harder. Taking the hint, Amsu dug is nails into her skin and thrusted harder, his pressing against her cervix and causing her to cry out.

"A-Amsu... fuck I need this... give it to me!!" She threw her head back and screamed as Amsu slammed so hard into her that she felt it in her womb. "Fuuuuuck me like a king!!" Amsu growled as he pounded harder into her. He grabbed her hair and yanked her head back, using his free hand to squeeze and massage her boob while she kissed and licked her neck. Lapis groaned from a mix of pleasure and frustration. She wanted so desperately for him to bite her, to mark her as his, but she knew he couldn't. Any visible marks on her body would immediately raise concerns both in and out of the palace, she reminded herself. But she also didn't care. All she cared about was the immense pleasure that Amsu was giving her at that moment, the pleasure he gave her every day. She didn't just want him, she NEEDED him.

Amsu felt the same, and as he tweaked her nipples and peppered her neck and shoulders with kisses, he had to fight the urge to fill her pussy with his hot seed, to make her all his, but he knew she couldn't. Filled with frustration and lust, he took it out on her pussy, ramming his cock harder and leaving her a moaning, babbling mess.

"F-fuck I... I can't... mmm I'm gonna cum again!" Lapis panted as she placed her hands on Amsu's and rested back against him, letting him use her however he pleased. He groaned feeling her get tighter as she approached his climax, and without thinking he slammed hard into her one last time as he came, letting out a yell as he did so. Lapis's eyes widened as she felt his load flood her pussy and she screamed as she came with him, her grip on his hands tightening.

As the two climaxed together, Amsu fell to the side, bringing Lapis down with him. The two laid there, riding through their orgasms together, their ragged breathing as in sync with each other as their bodies were at the moment. The two laid there together in silence, processing what just happened. For months Amsu had been careful to pull out, they couldn't risk him cumming inside her. But this time he did, and instead of feeling panicked, the pair felt completely at peace. Lapis let out a small sigh, tired but satisfied. She didn't resist as Amsu pulled her closer and snuggled her.

"Amsu... promise me you'll be at my side forever," she said as she closed her eyes, a smile forming on her lips.

"Of course, my Princess," he said as he kissed her on the head. "Whatever you need."