 SueAnn had just left Dr. Main's office with exciting news about her upcoming PhD research project. She could hardly wait to tell her step father. As she bounded down the path way, the gentle tropical breeze brushed her face and cooled her skin. The sun baked sand increased the heat felt between her toes. A bit of sexual excitement crept into her loins as the seductive sounds of the gentle breeze whistling through the native palms stoked her arousal. She and the Dutchman had found their island paradise home. More than ever she realized this was the perfect place to experience the passions she and her stepfather had developed.

SueAnn brushed the sand from her feet, rushed into his modest cabin, pulled herself into his arms, kissed him and with a coquettish smile and said, "Please touch me, take me to bed, and make love to me. I have some exciting news. But I'm not telling you until this fire is out. I want it all. You'll love the news but first I have to have you...you know...the knot"

Grant Anders gathered his stepdaughter in a loving embrace and teased, "You know we should not be doing this."

SueAnn looked into his smiling eyes and said, "I thought we crossed that bridge back in the Netherlands. Besides, that's old-school thinking. It's OK here on the Island. Furthermore, we're not directly related."

He thought for a moment, knowing his resistance was phony. Long gone were the days of guilt that occupied his conscience in developing a sexual relationship with his stepdaughter; an emerging woman treasured as if she were his own. He replied, "I guess so. But you're closer to me than my own flesh and blood. You've spoiled me. You know flattery will get you anything and I can't resist when I get a request like this. Soooo...what is the news you bring?"

SueAnn stoically smiled and replied, "The news can wait but I can't. I'll tell you when you finish me."

Without any inhibition, SueAnn took his hand and led him to the bedroom; a trip she had taken many times since their arrival at the Pauloan Sex Research Institute (PSRI) located on the Island nation of Lia Pauloa. PSRI is the South Sea Island Research Institute connected with the New Life Center (NLC) located in the states. Her adoptive father, sometimes referred to as The Dutchman, had taken a position as a Distinguished Research Fellow.

On these Islands a vast number of sexual research opportunities existed that related to the different sexual customs and activities that had been practiced by the local native tribes for hundreds of years.

Intra-family relationships in most of the modern-cultured world were and are considered illicit, abhorrent, immoral, illegal and genetically incompatible. This was not the case in the Lia Pauloan society as many of the tribal Polynesian cultures practice such a lifestyle.

Still, Grant Anders, aka The Dutchman, harbored some of the inhibitions that came with him from Europe and the States. While he berated himself, the relationship he and his adopted daughter had matured into, was technically legitimate. After his wife's untimely death, and in their caring for one another, both physically and emotionally, they developed an unintended sexual relationship. SueAnn had rapidly matured into a passionate young woman and the biological forces of nature could not be denied.

Upon reflection, Grant viewed the Islands as the perfect place for SueAnn to work on her doctorate and study the culture differences and the biological effects of the native lifestyle. He rationalized that the morays of the island culture fit their situation perfectly. In fact, one of the primary missions of PSRI, was to preserve the natural family sex customs practiced by the Island tribal groups. The academic challenge of PSRI was to determine ways that family relationships could be preserved, understood, enhanced and made safer for future generations.

Both SueAnn and her adopted father had migrated from the Netherlands to the States and then on to Lia Pauloa. Much of the reasons for their travels had to do with Grant's genetic phallic anomaly and the loss of his wife...SueAnn's mother.

SueAnn was nine when her mother and Grant married. A deep love was developed between Grant and his wife. Subsequently, the love Grant shared with his wife had not been lost on SueAnn. SueAnn admired Grant who essentially rescued them from a very abusive relationship that existed between his wife and SueAnn's biological father. Then after the devastating loss of her mother in that terrible automobile accident she came to love Grant even more. Although platonic at first their relationship grew even closer. Coupled with her exploding sexual maturation, she soon willingly replaced the role of his wife.

They paused in front of the bedroom loveseat and quietly assisted each other in the removal of their clothes. The ornately framed mirrors magnified her young beautiful reflection. Grant admired his youthful stepdaughter's beauty; a statuesque female form, bright brown eyes, long flowing auburn hair, a perfectly shaped pair of upturned breasts and a narrow waist spreading seductively into hips of a long legged female goddess. That beautiful alluring smile would leave any man wanting her pleasure.

Each of them neatly folded and placed their clothes on the closet shelf and turned to face each other. Both paused briefly, admiring the nude view each presented.

Reacting to the initial feelings of arousal, SueAnn's eyes dropped to his pubic region admiring the source of immense pleasure. She reached out to touch him as he gathered her in his arms.

With great affection and some guilt, Grant would often superimpose the image of his wife upon SueAnn. Not only did he absorb the youthful admiration of the young woman standing before him, his surrogate daughter enthusiastically reciprocated the passion he had been accustomed too with his wife. They had found the perfect place to continue their personal lives and pursue their educational interests without shame.

As they gathered themselves in each other's arms, Grant lovingly embraced her and gently pulled her narrow waist into his midsection. Feeling the touch of her smooth skin was enough to raise his passion. "Aren't you getting tired of this old man now," he asked?

She spread her feet allowing a more intimate touch, pressed her sensitive breast into his chest and concentrated on the swelling member tucked in the folds of her vulva.

"I notice you and that boyfriend of yours getting very close these days", Grant commented.

"Tony is becoming an excellent sex partner and I care for him immensely as a potential long-term mate. But I can never replace you. You will always be a father figure for me. And as a lover you're not bad either. Furthermore, you've got some special loving parts that no other young lady could ever find. These balls are larger than normal and they feel so full. And I love the way these ridges swell up locking us together. That feeling cannot be described. As long as they work I will be back. Even if they did not work, I will always love you. And living here on the Islands we can continue as long as you are able and willing.

Those words from SueAnn always stirred warm feelings in Grant's heart. His eyes moistened.

SueAnn wrapped her arms around his neck and with her upturned lips ignited their sexual desires further. Her youthful willingness could not be denied. Their lips touched and familiar hands explored those erogenous areas that generated intense arousal. It did not take long for them to be ready for their imminent union.

SueAnn pressed her body into his and placed her hands around his cock. Tenderly, she explored that precious area at its base. Those folded ridges hinted at the physical pleasure she would soon enjoy. No other sex could compare with the joy the two of them shared. Through genetic mutation The Dutchman possessed a very rare gift from the gods of female pleasure.

SueAnn began to stroke his penis very lightly. His cock had already begun to swell. Slightly raising one knee, she felt his member nestle between her folds. Warm copious amounts of precum spewed onto her pubic region. Her tender vulva began to experience that tingling feeling that enhanced the anticipation.

Grant cupped his hand at the end of his shaft and whispered, "Let me catch some of this." He tenderly applied additional juices over her vulva.

She paused briefly, inhaled deeply and reveled in the intense heated sensation her vaginal lips felt. SueAnn had become familiar with the routine. She loved the feel of his hands caressing her young and vibrant body. The touch of her smooth and clean smelling skin generated added excitement in his loins. Smiling, she glanced down to see her favorite cock enlarge further.

SueAnn continued lightly stroking his hardened penis. The tips of her fingers found that sensitive corona at the base of his glans. She started her own stripping motion. Generous amounts of the clear liquid streamed into her hand. Some she licked from her fingers while the rest was massaged into her breasts. The effects were immediate and intoxicating as heat from the liquids further elevated the need to have his cock inside.

SueAnn stepped back and slowly reclined onto the bed. With the smile of an angel, she presented herself by raising one knee accompanied with a gradual spreading of her legs. She angled her body so that he had an unobstructed view of that area between her thighs. Another gaze at his cock fueled her desire even more as her aroused vaginal lips lubricated.

Grant climbed in beside her and continued applying his genital lubrication by rubbing the end of his cock between her open lips and around her clit.

She then applied some of his fluids along the length of his cock. "How does that feel she asked? Put it in, I can't wait any longer."

"I can hardly wait either," he whispered, "I want to get into you so bad."

SueAnn rolled onto her back...opened her legs wider and offered herself for his taking. As he rose above, her hands wrapped around him and with a slight pull guided his swollen organ to her opening. His broad unusual looking penis rested between her soft puffy lips. The abundant flowing pre-coital fluids easily soaked her entrance.

They faced each other in the missionary position, each admiring the other's passion filled faces. He hooked his arms behind her knees and lifted her vagina into a position that exposed her to the deepest penetration. He continued to stare down into her loving face and noticed the hunger. "Do you want the knot?"

"Always," she said, "but put it in first and let it swell inside." She looked between her legs and noticed the end of his cock slowly dripping testosterone packed lubrication. "Please hurry."

"OK, let me get in quick before it expands further."

She nodded in the affirmative.

Again, she raised her head and watched the purplish, helmeted shaped cock touch her labia. Time stood still as the swollen purplish glans stretched her opening and slowly entered her body. She noticed the enlargement at the base of his shaft and observed the beginning of the knot swelling. Again, she wondered how she could get it all inside. But that had been done before and now she looked forward to the final knotting. She willingly succumbed as she looked into his eyes and signaled further penetration. That first touch of entry always felt special. Her eyes closed to concentrate on the slow inward stroke. Unconsciously, she opened her thighs wider and felt his hips tighten as his cock sank into the full depth of her vagina.

"Oh, it's all in me now...I can feel it swelling...don't make me wait...Now...Now." As all ridges were now forced through her opening; she gasped in pleasure. She continued to feel the knot enlarging. With the engorged phallus fully swollen, they had locked themselves together as one sexual organism.

The tingling and burning desire enhanced their ecstasy even more. He felt her hand slide behind his distended balls and continued to massage. Her pussy easily closed around his knot as he slowly reached full penetration. She knew the feeling from previous love sessions. All of a sudden, she began to experience that ecstatic sensitivity inside her vagina. Involuntarily, she began to massage, stroke and grasp that wonderful cock with her internal walls. His cock reacted with a surging of its own.

Special hormones discharged from his cock heated her vaginal cavity further. She reveled in the added pleasure his mating fluids were able to generate. Her uterus seemed to expand. She had more control over her inner muscles. It became easier for her to flex and squeeze. Each inward impulse brought added sexual pleasure and her vagina clutched every withdrawal motion. She placed her hands on his hips and pulled him further into her groin subsequently locking her legs around his torso. The internals of her vagina moved in waves of muscle contractions as her body embraced the spastic tremors.

Sudden body reactions illustrated the nature of their mating. Grant's knot claimed her completely. It was much easier than letting it swell outside her vagina then driving it in by force. Then there were other times that she enjoyed the forcefulness required to insert his swollen knot from outside. Either way, there would be a penalty to pay as it would usually take a week to recover from the soreness caused by the large internal expansion.

As SueAnn's pussy became sealed by the waxy secretions from her step-father's Imon glands, she suddenly felt the head of his cock start to pulsate. All of this action was being generated from the involuntary actions of their sex organs. The generous secretion of their mating fluids intensified the sensitivity of her clitoris. Her midsection began to swell from the body fluids being expelled from his pulsating cock. She lay quietly, as her body danced to the orgasmic music he administered. It was incredible.

"Goodness, what a loving feeling," SueAnn said, "I can feel my stomach swelling and I can't help it. It's unbelievable. "

To prolong his orgasm and subdue the ecstasy he was feeling, Grant began reflecting as to how he and his stepdaughter had gotten to this point.

After Grant lost his wife, SueAnn matured immensely during their grief. Young suitors were never of any interest to her as she preferred her adopted father's innocent affection and often took comfort in his arms as slow, tender cuddling became sexual. It became a relationship that he couldn't ignore. Their love for one another sprang from an over-production of testosterone and youthful female attraction. Slowly their true affection for one another evolved into a full-blown sexual relationship. Even though he felt guilty about their emerging relationship, he never regretted any of the love he felt for her.

He tried some dating without success. He would often confide his frustration to SueAnn and as a result, he gradually withdrew from the dating scene. SueAnn became quite conscious of his waning interest in other women and his obvious increasing depression. With budding passions of her own emerging she instinctively felt a need to comfort him psychologically. This lasted for a short time as both exhibited feelings of sexual attraction. And finally as a result of their arousal and her urging, their feelings resulted in a passion filled relationship.

He kept scolding himself for allowing this to happen. His only rationale was that he was not strong enough to deny his tremendous sex drive."

SueAnn had come to rely on the physical aspect of their union and refused to give in to his reluctance.

Grant re-focused onto their lovemaking. Having reached full tumescence he said, "Oh my, I just reached full penetration and you are popping off already." Holding still until SueAnn's intense orgasm quieted, he was able to easily push the final base penile ridges inside. She experienced some stretching as he pushed forcefully. She had grown to love the discomfort of taking him completely. She immediately felt the surging taking place in the head of his cock. A thin layer of moisture emerged onto her chest as the pleasurable feelings continued to build, the base rings swelled to the max. They were now knotted and sealed. Her breathing became heavier. There would be no escape until all passion was fully expended.

As SueAnn glared up into The Dutchman's eyes, the feeling of his cock moving inside was intensely pleasurable. The internal pain generated from the expansive cock swell would hurt tomorrow but for now her mind was focused on accommodating the Dutchman's knot. She had become addicted to the added internal swelling. She came to appreciate the sealing of her vaginal opening and the continued swell of her abdomen as his fluids filled her inner cavity. As they lay locked in their coital embrace, she had grown accustomed to the continuous and spontaneous orgasms originating within her vagina. The ecstasy spread throughout her entire lower abdomen.

SueAnn returned his glance and said, "That's the greatest feeling in the world. I can feel my pubic area swell. Take my body and do with me as you desire. I want us to be one. I want all of it. Yes, being knotted is like no other feeling. Wait...Wait... here comes another one...Oh, Oh it's big. With her arms flailing and her hands clutching the sheets, she said, "It's like they just come one right after another."

He gazed down into her eyes and asked, "Can you feel the full knot?"

"Oh yes, you can't pull it out now," she gasped as she braced herself. Her long legs wrapped around his hips. She briefly relaxed as he held himself within her depths. He flexed his cock very slowly. Her inner walls collapsed upon his basal enlargement. Their sex organs took on a life of their own. Suddenly she felt his cock repeatedly pulse and discharge an aphrodisiac type fluid within her stretched reception cavity. Her vaginal tunnel responded in a series of spastic lurches accompanied by an uncontrolled cramping action. She felt the mouth of her cervix clutching the head of his cock.

They held on to each other letting their pleasures build, explode and relax. With tender love and affection, Grant brushed the hair from her brow. He smiled, pulled her to him and tenderly kissed the tip of her nose and said, "You're knotted now and you can't get away."

There was no rest as SueAnn's breathing continued to increase. Her eyes flared as she touched his face. In an elevated state of passion, she shook her head and passionately uttered, "You can't imagine the action that cock of yours is doing inside me...Oh my god, I'm almost there...give it to me; like that...quick...ah, ah....yes...yes, I can feel you shooting, it is so wonderful."

Grant knew the signs. They had reached that pleasure plateau emanating from his buried knot. She reached another orgasm. He felt her hands spastically clutch his forearms. Her toes curled. She clutched the sheets as his hormone-fueled orgasm expelled another load of potent sperm. Her arms flew around his neck and held on as they experienced those simultaneous uncontrolled spasms. For a brief period of time the lurching muscle contractions subsided. Her trembling midsection began to feel full from the semen discharges. There would be more to come.

Another sudden contraction sprang from SueAnn's midsection as she exclaimed, "Oh my goodness, I can feel you coming again. It's that damn stuff you're shooting in me. Oh, that feels so good."

They held onto each other and let their conjoined bodies continue the uncontrolled love dance. Even though locked in their union and after several orgasms, their bodies quieted enough to allow some normal conversation. Upon some quick reflection she thought, "Thank goodness for the extra-strength birth control she was on."

SUEANN'S PhD PROJECT:

Lying face-to-face, fully impaled and knotted together, Grant finally asked, "And now what were you so anxious to tell me about earlier."
