 We were at a bar, you saw me sit at the table alone - obviously upset. I was dressed in a cocktail dress. You came over and asked if there was anything you can do. The warmth through my body from looking in to your eyes and hearing your voice was in direct contract to how upset I was about my current situation. I shouldn't feel like this immediately after being dumped. This instant zing - this attraction - but nevertheless - there it was. 

I stared in to your eyes - not knowing if I should trust you with my story. Reprieved for a minute from a waiter asking what I'd like to drink. I give him my order and looked at you to join me and do the same.

You told him what you wanted then joined me in the curved booth - sitting a safe distance away for now. After the waiter leaves you say, I know it's none of my business, but you're obviously upset and I wanted to see if you needed a friendly ear." 

Not able to look anywhere but you're intense eyes, I use my old stand-by smart ass personality and say, "I did always have a passion for ears." 

You smirk at the levity you know I was aiming for and flirtatiously say, "Well I have 2 so have at 'em." That helps my frame of mind. You then say, "Do you want to tell a stranger what's wrong?" 

I look at you and you know that I'm composing myself to say what I need to say. 

"My fiancé has been bugging me to join him at this conference. I couldn't because of work and he was disappointed. At the last minute I was able to pull a few strings, take some time off and come down to surprise him. I bought this dress and all the underthings that went along with it – so excited about our time away. I got to the room and he met me at the door in a towel – the girl in the bed under the sheets – obviously as they finished." 

I tried to hold myself together and not cry as I continued. "He then told me that it's over and he met someone at the conference and wants me out of our apartment at home, too. I don't have another room and due to the conference, all the hotels are booked. I can't get a flight out because the weather so here I am. Suitcase, no boyfriend, no room, and no hope." 

"Darlin, there is always hope." Our drinks arrive and you toast – "To pleasant opportunities that come our way. I want you to relax, have your drink with me, and dance with me. You won't go homeless tonight." 

You put your hand on my fidgeting one and the immediate heat goes through my whole body. I've never felt such an immediate reaction to anyone and am convinced it's because I'm so vulnerable. 

You start chatting with me – comfortably, easily – and I begin to relax – as relaxed as I could be with your warm hand on mine. Without realizing that you ordered, another round of drinks arrive. You ask me to dance and I'm drawn to your tall frame. You take me easily on the dance floor and lead flawlessly with your hand at the small of my back, constantly looking at me. You don't realize what your closeness and your eye contact are doing, but I can no longer think of any problems, just this man in my arms and the reaction in my body. 

We are dancing our second dance, slow and close, and you tilt my chin up and say, "I realize I don't even know you're name," I said.

You cover my mouth with your finger and say – "Let's just keep this perfect and we can introduce later." Then you replace your finger on my lips with the softest kiss, quick, light, electric. You pull back – you felt the electricity, too. You lean in and again take my lips – this time with hunger, passion you didn't know existed – passion I didn't know existed. 

You take my hand, and lead us back to the table where you lift the suitcase I had with me and I follow you. We go to the elevator where the elevator attendant greets you by name and pushes the top floor button. I am tingling still from the kiss not knowing where this night will lead but the excitement is filling my every pore. We get off the elevator and you open the door to the largest suite I've ever seen. You turn around and kiss me again – more hunger, more passion – sweet and strong. I lose myself in your kiss – I've never felt the power of a kiss like this and I was engaged. That fact alone freed me from my past and I gave you everything in my kiss. 

You noticed the change – not knowing what it was from, but not caring either. "I have more than enough space for you to have your own room and say the word and I won't touch you again and you have a place to stay for the week here while I'm here. But know that I want you and I want you now." 

I look up to you and stand on my tip toes with my heels and kiss you – hoping you understand that it's ok. But you need the words. "Tell me what you want and it's yours, my dear." 

"I want you too. I don't know you, but I have never wanted anyone more." You bend down and put one arm under my knees and the other under my head and you carry me to your room in the suite. It is elegant but I don't see it – I only see and feel you. You put me down and we are staring at each other standing up. Your hands on my waist, you kiss me again. I felt this kiss deep inside, the flow of the river inside me is powerful. You deftly unzip my short cocktail dress and let it fall to the floor revealing a lacy black one-piece teddy with garter straps and black stockings. I'm in high heels. You are staring at my whole body and I've never received a nicer compliment than your face as you took me in. I'm pale against the black and you're still in your white dress shirt and slacks. 

I start to unbutton you and you stop me. "Let me savor you first." Then you start kissing me again but this time you leave my lips and make it to my neck. I feel my knees weakening but your strong hands are so gently keeping me up while leading the way for your mouth. You lightly touch my breasts through the teddy, feeling my nipples harden under your touch. You follow that with your mouth – again through the teddy. I arch my back as you savor first my left, then my right breast. You keep moving downward. You finally lay me down on the bed and start kissing my thighs, skimming the edge of my stocking tops with your tongue. I'm quivering with a need I didn't know I had.....You unsnap the one snap of my teddy at the bottom and feel the wet heat I'm emanating. You lightly kiss me there and again the back arches. I'm moaning with desire needing the build to stop or finish.....You flick your tongue and start caressing the slit and lips of my pussy – all wet and waiting for just you. And you use your tongue for circles and strokes taking me to the brink then slowing down, taking me again to the brink, slowing down. You realize I can't take much more and press your tongue right on the nub that will send me over the precipice. I shatter like shards of glass in your arms and mouth. 

You inch up in the bed and I feel your hard cock through your pants against me as you kiss me so I can taste myself –an act so intimate and erotic. 

I then start to unbutton your shirt again and you let me. I unbutton your cuffs and the front baring your beautiful chest with just the right amount of hair splayed on it. I start kissing your chest. 

You stand up and take me up – lifting the teddy over my head. You undo your pants and take them off. I'm left with stockings, garter and heels and you are gloriously naked. I kiss your chest again and keep going craving you like I've never craved before. I kiss each inch of your chest, and now at your navel, your hard long cock is pulsing and twitching – almost begging me to kiss it. 

I can't resist and I kneel down and take you in my mouth. All of you, your hard pulsing cock buried in my mouth. I feel your power in your cock and you put your hands in my hair encouraging me – feeding me. I suck and enjoy your cock as if I were having my last meal and start to fondle your balls. I hear your sweet erotic words of encouragement as that line is crossed between me sucking you and you feeding me. You need the control, you move your hips. With one hand I'm squeezing and fondling your balls and the other hand reaches behind you and pulls your ass closer in, playing in there as well. You thrust in to me – so deep to the back of my throat. 

"Take it – yes, take all of it." I continue – I couldn't stop even if I did want to – but I didn't want to ever stop. Holding you, kissing you so close – your most powerful part of you in my mouth – the whole idea was so powerful and erotic that I felt my own build start up again. Your words and your cock both sending me to a place I've never been before. Reaching that orgasm with no touching – only you – is powerful. You realize I'm cumming and you explode in my mouth. I take both hands and with my fingers, milk every ounce of you swallowing all of your essence. Then I stand up and this time, kiss you with your taste. 

You lay me down, tell me your name, and say we're going to have a fabulous week together.