 Summer was around the corner and Spring was always the busiest season, at least for Mikael. He had some acres and was taking care of them, living off them, living by them and living for them. 

Although Mikael was fairly young, at thirty-five, he refused any remotely close contact to computers and digital life. He loved his grass, his trees and his few animals; he couldn't see how a Web site or a Twitter account could help him in his business. That was, until he had trouble distributing his products, contracting his rental trucks and having to drive all those miles to check his bank account balance. 

Mikael put an ad in the local paper, which had just gone digital but still took ads in their offices. He was asking for someone with a knowledge of computers and social networks, able to maintain, build, repair and take care of anything in the digital area, with a full responsibility. The person would have to live in the country, in his spacious home and take care of themselves alone. The job was full time, year-round and in fresh air. 

Having acted out of advice and not really expecting anyone to even take a first look at his ad, Mikael stopped at an electronics store to buy a cell phone; he had to admit this was pretty useful as he was rarely at home, when he was at home he rarely picked up the phone and many times, when he needed his land line, it was simply dead. 

Anyway, he returned to the paper, added his new phone number to the ad and his contact details and left to take his pickup truck and drive back home. That was enough city life for today!

Back at the farm, he opened his front windows wide open and sat with his dog, Cherry, admiring the sunset. His land phone rang and he deliberately let it ring but it occurred to him that it might be his girlfriend, Elsa. He lazily walked over and picked it up. 

"Hey, Elsa... How have you been? Oh, really? Then I'll see you tomorrow? I want to see your body naked!"

That was Mikael; a cool guy that admired anything alive. Women among them, women who weren't ashamed to ask for what they wanted and he could find no reason why they wouldn't want what he wanted, since they both could enjoy! Yes, sex was one of his hobbies, as long as some words weren't brought up and everyone would be happy. 

Day was ending, Cherry was following Mikael all around the house as he was cooking dinner, sorting clothes and taking a stroll to see how the new seed was doing. The moment they had finished dinner, his brand new cell phone rang. God, what a disturbing sound! He picked it up, he wasn't stupid, he was just in denial. 

"Hello."

"Mr. White? My name is Samantha Hall and I was interested in your ad. Where can I apply?"

"You apply to me now, Miss Hall. How soon can you start? You are aware that you have to stay here for at least two months. Oh, and I need some lessons to catch up and kinda maintain it on my own."

"Yes, sir. I know, I can. I will be able to start as soon as you need me."

"Tomorrow will be fine."

He seemed rude at times, but he wanted to wrap up this dull part of his work to go on to the more interesting ones like his trees. He was in fact expecting some new trees and was anxious about the weather and if it would be ok to plant them now. Mikael understood that he had to adapt to the world and he had made the right decision; he wouldn't waste more time dwelling over it.

Tomorrow came and a kind of familiar voice was shouting out for him, well that wasn't shouting but anyway. If he didn't have his mind all over the place he couldn't have heard her. 

He went over to the newcomer, extending his hand casually, "Hello, I'm Mikael. Remind me your name..."

"Samantha. Hall."

"Yes, right," he paused. "Let me show you around the house Miss Hall since we are close and you can settle in. Is that all?" he asked, pointing at her small suitcase. He noticed she also carried two heavy backpacks, but it was her responsibility and he made no move to help. She didn't complain. He didn't expect a girl to apply but he couldn't wait and lose more time. 

Samantha was a girl that always worked in the background of her environment. She had evolved this ability to blend in, to suppress her looks, her will, and her preferences and just blend in. Rarely opposed, rarely imposed. She tried as hard to hide her good looks; she always wore loose fitting clothes, worn t-shirts, plaid shirts, sneakers and had her ash blonde, wavy hair tied with a ribbon. 

She was obsessed with electronic stuff; she had a natural talent for handling buttons and numbers. So, here she was, trying to hide herself even more, in this isolated farm of Mr. White, where she could have all the quiet moments she loved, all the natural smells and all the digital bandwidth! Heaven on earth!

"As you can see, Miss Hall, the house is a country house and your room will be at the other end so we can have a decent amount of privacy." Mikael was being as polite and as descriptive as he could get. 

Samantha nodded while she followed dragging her suitcase and a backpack hanging mid arm, the other balancing on her other shoulder, when inevitably the shoulder one slipped and landed with a loud noise on the worn, wooden floor. She tried to pick it up but was risking the same fate to the other backpack so she set everything on the floor and decided to move one at a time. Mikael's muscles instinctively flexed to pick them up but his mind ordered no. So, no, he stayed and watched her flushing red and leaving them on the floor, murmuring 'I'll pick them up later.'

For a brief moment, the briefest of time measure, Mikael forgot about his trees cargo and had to refrain from tucking her curls that were constantly falling on her flushing face, while Samantha was trying to tidy her heavy backpacks, get used to the environment and deal with a seemingly cold and impatient boss.

No, Mikael wasn't going for cute girls. He wasn't going for love stories. He wasn't going for sweet nicknames or long cuddles. He would shape his own life and clearly emotions were just an obstacle. 

"So I will leave you to get settled Miss Hall and we'll talk about the job after dinner. OK?"

"OK, yes, of course," Samantha nodded, escaping a faint 'thank you' as she stood in the long corridor.

She was settled, even looked around the house to get familiar with it and took her phone out to write down what she needed and what she had to ask Mr. White. As she did that, she observed that there was no wifi signal. Not a single ssid name around. Swell!

As it was still daylight outside, she stepped out for a walk around the house and found herself lost. She found her way back an hour and a half later, way past dinner time. She found Mikael in his favorite armchair with his Cherry, lying lazily on his feet. 

"Sorry I'm late Mr. White, but I got lost and...»

He made a sign to cut all excuses. "It's OK Miss Hall, I have just finished. You can help yourself, the kitchen is over there. By the way, please call me Mikael, I'm not used to that Mr. White thing and I'll call you Samantha."

She nodded. 

"I really hadn't thought through it much, I mean there are practical issues, but we can solve them, right?" Mikael added. 

Samantha let a smile of relief. "I have been meaning to ask you the same thing Mr. Wh... Um... Mikael." She turned on her phone and looked for the note. "Dinner time, supplies, wifi, shower supplies, transportation, washing machine..."

He stopped her reading. "Transportation is only car based; you can come with me when I go to the city if you need to buy your supplies. I go over at least three times a week so you won't miss anything. Look, I believe this whole situation will take a month or two to get finished, so you won't miss anything really Samantha."

"Mikael, you should find time to go to town tomorrow morning since without wifi I can't get anything working. You have to apply for a connection," Samantha said without pausing between words.

"What?" A curse also escaped his lips. Well, he supposed he could squeeze a couple of lost hours in his schedule and take a closer look at his chestnuts in the early afternoon.

"Until tomorrow, Samantha, can you please change the ringtone of my new phone? It's driving me crazy!"

Mikael was satisfied enough to see that the newcomer didn't affect much of his daily routines; she wasn't loud or intrusive. A quiet girl, really. Good. 

In less than a week Mikael used his phone more and more, the farm had its own ssid name, 'Cherry' of course, he had a logo for his goodies and a website ready to validate him as an organic farm owner. 

Samantha made Mikael understand that he needed to have a computer of his own to use when she'd leave if only to send her mails to have his site updated and edit his pictures of the products and the farm. A lot of changes for a man who didn't want to change what he had been building around him, for so many years.

Tonight Mikael had Elsa at home. Mikael cooked dinner for her and they leisurely sat on the big armchair of his with a glass of wine, laughing quietly and starting to touch one another more boldly. 

"You disappeared on me Mikael! I was expecting a call for three days now!" Elsa said rubbing her cheek on his chest.

Mikael moved his hand over her chest and tried the first button of her blouse while replying "You know I had a lot to take care of Elsa. I expected you to call me if you wanted me." 

The complaint was left there, as both Elsa and Mikael were two persons who put their careers above their desires, their lust and feelings of a typical boyfriend/girlfriend relationship. 

His hand was caressing her bare now chest. He dipped his finger in his wine and ran it over her nipples. Elsa shivered "God, Mikael!" and he dipped it again, getting large drops on them, licking the wine off them while his other hand was finding his way lower. 

A little louder than usual, a familiar bark and a rush of feet startled the couple. Cherry was getting closer and Samantha was saying something like "Mikael, you should check the rain pooling in those..." When all stood still. Mikael put his hands over Elsa's half naked body to hide her, Cherry stopped moving her tail, Samantha was speechless and Elsa furious; she was the first to speak really, «What's going on Mikael? Who is she?" Elsa took a quick look at a disheveled Samantha, with hair flying in various directions, wet and almost red all over. "Don't tell me she's the IT guy you said you were hiring!" 

Mikael sounded calm when he admitted, "Yep, that is Sam."

Both women looked at him with varying thoughts but both angry at him. Elsa was again the one to go first, "Don't tell me she's the reason you didn't call!" 

Mikael was quick to answer, "Come on Elsa, Sam? How could you think something like that? Sam is not my type of..."

Shit. He was too quick to reassure Elsa, that the words came out easily. Shit. Samantha, having never been called Sam before or so crudely rejected by a man, was even redder, if that could ever be possible!

Samantha murmured something that sounded like 'sorry', took Cherry hastily and left the room, leaving rain foot marks on the worn, wooden floor. 

Elsa looked into Mikael's eyes just to make sure he meant what he said. Yeah, she knew she had nothing to be jealous of. Even though Mikael loved his freedom, he had made clear to her that he was crazy about her sexiness, her female aggressiveness, her love for sex and her dark honey skin. 

Elsa stood up slowly, took Mikael's hand and led him to his bedroom where she closed the door rather noisily. Yes, she had nothing to fear of a pale, shy girl who didn't seem to know how to seduce a man like him.

It was more than an hour after midnight that a barefoot and shirtless Mikael walked a happy and smiling Elsa to the door. After their goodnight kiss, Mikael returned to the living room, having already felt the quiet presence of Samantha seated deep in an armchair, ears deep. 

He went over and took a seat closer.

"Samantha" he started, "I am sorry about what I said before. I don't... "

"Don't ever be sorry about your truth being told Mikael" she stopped him with a calm voice she didn't have before. 

He tried to protest but thought twice, because Mikael was so well trained at never letting emotions take over. She made it easier pointing at the table, "I'm only here to have a warm cup of milk," she said and stood up to leave. "It's OK. I'll take it to my bedroom." She looked at him, straight into his eyes, so unlike Samantha, "Good night Mikael."

That small ball, that small nerve, that small torturing something that had been stirring for some time now when he saw Samantha, started jumping again. But, hey, that was Mikael, known for having a soft spot only for earthy, independent women, who loved to show their sexuality, not for clueless schoolgirls who dare not show any cleavage and had a single mind about what a relationship should be like. And now, he was so satisfied with his night with Elsa, that he couldn't care less about Samantha, could he?

Samantha was more than careful and professional from that day on and Mikael was more observant of her. He realized that she smelled of gardenia when he was near her and that she touched her hair and tucked it behind her ear when she felt nervous. Sometimes she even blew her whistling breath to some curls, to fly them away. Mikael felt so used to that, he had the impulse to do it when a stranded curl was brushing her nose. Of course he didn't.

"All right Samantha. Hop in now before I change my mind!"

She insisted on going to the city right away as the day would be a total waste without some special wires and usb storage devices. She even suggested she'd call the gardener working on the neighboring farm to get her there. So, Mikael had to oblige. 

Late afternoon, already dark and it had been a long day for Mikael. He dropped Samantha outside the store and he went to a nearby bar. Elsa was there, standing up and leaning, almost touching the man sitting on his stool next to her, his hand on her back and her eyes on his lips. A handsome man Mikael had to admit. 

He wasn't a possessive person, quite the contrary, but a betrayal makes no discriminations. His calmness lost, at least inside him, and his eyes took an ironic expression. He ordered a scotch, voice normal and seemingly calm. Elsa was too wrapped up in this guy to notice his voice's familiar vibrations. He drank it in three gulps and checked his watch; Sam wouldn't be ready to go, the hell with it, he'd just walk up and down the road. 

Samantha called him to let him know she'd be ready in about twenty minutes and Mikael decided on the spot to buy some bread and meat while waiting; vegetables were waiting at his garden and his urge to cook dinner was the dominating thought in his mind. Damn you Elsa, you turned this casual and carefree relationship to a comparison, a high-bid contest I hate to follow. 

His thoughts were racing inside his mind as he was placing his order. Fuck off Elsa, and fuck off me that I let women into my life that I should just let in my bed.

"Fix your stuff, I'm cooking tonight," Mikael said casually to Samantha when they entered the house. 

She turned to look at him, opened her mouth and held back the remark. Good, great, thanks!

Samantha blushed and ran to fix the telephone cables and set up the router again.

Dinner was friendly, a talkative Samantha with a smiling attitude and an observing, seemingly laid back, Mikael, enjoying those exact moments, blocking everything else out and feeling at ease to respond to Samantha's questions about his trees and about his books and about a million irrelevant things. He wondered how she ever understood computers since her questions revealed a chaotic mind, jumping from one train of thought to a startling 'do you like your milk warm or cold'. 

Welcome to a girl's brain!

At one point she put both her feet on the chair, holding them with her hands as she was jumping from subject to subject. That exact point made Mikael uneasy, slower to answer and at an urge to get up and dissolve this intimate, friendly situation.

Mikael insisted on doing the dishes, he wanted to carry on dinner from A to Z, while Samantha at the other end of the kitchen was playing and, God, this was ridiculously funny, actually talking to Cherry!

It had been less than a month and this internet thing was set up and starting to pay off. He had to admit that running on a schedule was more productive and even gave him more precious free time, even to rest his back. 

Elsa had called meanwhile, Mikael had responded as if he had seen nothing, had had great sex with her again, had felt an unfamiliar sense of being used when she left and didn't think of her the next day. In fact, he found out he preferred to pleasure himself during his morning shower than call her again. That didn't last long. 

Mikael was a sensual man and a man who worked hard with his body, taking care of the farm in any small and mundane or big and thoughtful way. He needed something more than his own hand. 

He asked Samantha if she would be interested in a lift to town this Friday night, but she said no. She wanted some free time alone. Even better for him; he was free to go wherever he wanted and return whenever he wanted.

In town, Mikael felt OK, out of place but acceptably good. He went to his usual bar and had a couple of drinks and a small chat with the bartender. On his last sip of his second drink, a woman's hand rested on his thigh and a glass landed next to his. "Is the seat taken?"

Well, Mikael wouldn't say no. He looked into her eyes, knowing he'd remember nothing about them afterwards, and replied, "Talk to me again once you're halfway finished with your drink."

She got wet by his answer and he knew it, he just knew it. It was easy to be seductive and rough when he didn't care. 

She quickly downed her drink and he grabbed her by her hand, leading her to the restrooms. 

Wordlessly, he locked the door behind them and reached his hand inside her tight pants, pushing firmly his finger over her panties inside her. She gasped. He was strong from all the work at the farm and his movements were decisive and quick. 

He finger fucked her like that for some moments until he felt her overwhelming wetness and her sexy pleas to fuck her. He unbuttoned his jeans and hers fast, held her against the door and pushed her on his cock in one movement. She put her hand in front of her mouth to mute her cries as he held her by her hips, marking her skin from the pressure. He fucked her hard with his eyes closed until he felt her juices running down his balls. He withdrew and came on her mound, in the middle of her cries. 

He couldn't remember if he said anything to her, he just opened the door and paid for her drink also. Before she was out again, he had already left.

Back home, he found Samantha sleeping on the sofa, a sleepy Cherry on her feet, a half opened book on her lap, a half empty glass of red wine on the floor and an extra large white t-shirt, with enough room for two Samanthas, hiding less than she would have hoped. 

He tried to wake her up, pushing her arm gently but Samantha made a small sound and didn't move. Shit. He could either let her sleep on the couch for the rest of the night or take her to her room. Well, she has been working really tough the past few days and she had even assisted with the new trees, watching their roots and all, when she was available. She had to rest well. He bent over and took her in his arms, taking care to keep some distance between them, as she suddenly seemed more grown up, more free, more sensual, more naked, sexier... He pushed these thoughts aside, she wasn't his type and he had just cum on a really sexy girl. Samantha? God, no. No. No way. Never. 

He put her on her bed, not without difficulty as her t-shirt rose up above her waist, her white panties exposed, all lace, and the friction of her breasts on his hand as he positioned her on the pillow was unexpected and electrifying . Enough. Leave now Mikael, he thought. And closed the door behind him.
