 Alexandria Foster is your name. You are a graduate student at the University of San Francisco. You are working towards a masters in psychology. You have been working as a Barista for four years, since your 20th birthday, to pay your way through undergrad and grad school. But the bills are piling up regardless. It seems no matter how hard you try you can't get on top of the bills. Your rent was late again last month, and your landlord said if it's late again he'll kick you out. You've had to take out several student loans, and at this point you are almost 75k in debt.

Frankly you are getting a bit desperate, and so you signed up for an online service. It's called "seeking arrangements." Basically, it's a... dating service where the people involved come to a... financial arrangement. It took you an hour or so to make yourself look perfect for the profile picture. Hey, beauty sells -- and here, that's what's being bought. 

~~~

And... today is the big day. You are meeting with Wallace Fullmore today. You've chatted with him online a bit. He's a 54 year old businessman right here in SF. He has a large mansion overlooking the bay. There is a cast-iron gate flanked by a hedge wall as you exit your Uber ride. You are looking your best today. You tried to dress to match the profile picture as best as you could. What if you changed something and you changed what he liked. Best to be safe rather than living on the streets. Rent is due in about a week, and frankly if this doesn't go well you don't know what you are going to do.

You ring the buzzer next to the call box, and a voice comes over the comm. "Yes? Can I help you?" "Mr. Fullmore?" you inquire. 

The voice on the other side of the line chuckles "No ma'am, I am Rene, Mr. Fullmore's butler. Might I ask whom you are?" 

Butler? Do people still have those? Apparently so "um... I'm Alex. Mr. Fullmore is expecting me." 

"Ohhh! Ms. Foster, yes Mr. Fullmore said you would be stopping by today. Please, come in." There is a buzzing noise as the door next to the gate unlocks. You pull it open and go inside, walking up the front yard towards the house. 

The house is huge, three stories tall. It has a large overhang providing a sheltered area in front of the house for cars to pull up to the front door. The yard is large, and surrounded by tall hedges. There are several fountains and flower beds scattered around the lush green lawn. As you walk towards the house the door opens and you see Rene standing there. He reminds you of Alfred from Batman. You really didn't think butlers were still a thing, but apparently they are. 

"Right this way Ms. Foster, you can wait for the Master in the sitting room to your right."

You thank Rene and walk past him into the house. Frankly you are stunned by the lavish display of wealth. It's a beautiful home. The sitting room wraps around the side of the house to the back, and it has a full view of the Golden Gate Bridge and the water. You stare in disbelief. You gingerly sit down on the couch. It looks extremely expensive, as does the rest of the house. You glance down at yourself. You are wearing your blue shawl and a low cut shirt to show off your bosom. You have a short skirt that cuts off above the knee and high heeled shoes. None of it is very expensive. The whole outfit cost you less than 50 dollars. Your grandmother knitted you the shawl... 

Suddenly you feel incredibly self-conscious. Maybe you should just leave... If you do your lab work in the evening you could take an extra shift in the shop... you'd still be able to get... 4 hours of sleep? Maybe? For the next... month? 

You sit up straight and smile as you hear someone coming into the room. "Hello Alexandria, I am Mr. Fullmore. For a man in his 50s you have to admit he doesn't look half bad. He's a bit of a silver fox actually -- not that you would ever date him under normal circumstances. 

The two of you talk for a while. He asks you about your program, and seems to be genuinely interested as you explain your work to him. He talks only briefly about himself, always directing questions back and somehow turning the conversation so you are talking about yourself. Frankly you actually enjoy having someone interested in what you do for once. Your deadbeat parents don't seem to ever care, and you lost a lot of friend by putting school ahead of them... 

Eventually the topic of conversation switches to money and you mention your rent. 750 due in four days. 

"Oh! Right, of course. How silly of me, I almost forgot." He digs into his suit pocket and pulls out a check book. He quickly scrawls away at it, then tears it off, handing it to you. You look down and your jaw drops open in disbelief. It's a check for four grand. 

"I.." you stammer before he speaks over you. 

"That should cover your rent and money for an outfit to wear this Saturday evening. I do believe you said you were free? I'm having dinner with some Japanese Oil Tycoons at Saison. It's the culmination of a week long business talk. More of a formality really. They won't be around much, so we can have dinner just the two of us. Rene can drive you to the tailor so you can pick out something to wear. 

All you can do is nod. Four grand! He handed it to you like it was nothing! You suppress the shaking of your hands. The next few hours are like a whirlwind. You feel a bit like a Disney princess as you are whisked away in a limo by Rene, off to the most luxurious cloths shops you have ever seen. After hours of trying things on, you buy a black dress worth almost three grand, and shoes to match. Rene drives you home at the end of the day and drops you off in front of your apartment. You carry your new things inside. You drop them in your room then go pay the landlord. He seems happy that you got his money to him ahead of time this time. 

You can't stop smiling as you go back to your room and try on the dress again. It came with black stockings and black lace bra and thong. You look damn sexy in the dress if you do say so yourself. And, after all was said and done you still have a little over 200 dollars left. That's... more money than you have had spare in a long time. You can buy groceries tomorrow! Wow... this all has worked out better than expected so far. And Saison! It's the most expensive restaurant in SF! Don't they charge like a grand a meal or something ridiculous like that? 

~~~

Saturday comes quickly and soon Rene picks you up from your apartment. You aren't dressed yet, as you would feel weird with the stares of your neighbors if you left wearing a dress worth thousands of dollars. Instead, Rene takes you to Fullmore's house where you get dressed, then meet up with the man himself. He is dressed in a suit. You aren't terribly familiar with suits, but you can tell just by looking at it it must be much more expensive than what you are wearing. 

You make small talk with Fullmore as Rene drives you to the restauraunt. He puts his arm around you during the drive, and you of course let him. You'd be lying if you said your heart wasn't beating a little fast as you get out of the car. Fullmore comes around and puts his arm around your waist as he walks you to the door of the restaurant. 

The two of you are seated and continue talking. Within a few minutes two elderly Japanese men approach. Fullmore gets up and bows to them. You awkwardly do the same, unsure of what to do. Fullmore remains standing and proceeds to have a short conversation with them in Japanese. The three men laugh and shake hands before the two men leave. 

"sorry about that" Fullmore says has he sits back down. "Where were we?"

~~~

You are a tiny bit drunk as the two of you leave the restaurant. The food and wine was good, though you would never have paid for it yourself. You have no idea how much it cost. The prices weren't on the menu and Fullmore didn't share. 

He's gotten a little more handsy over the course of the night. Toughing your harm, hands, and legs throughout the evening. The privacy screen is up as you re-enter the car. He moves closer, moving his arm around you again as you talk. Soon he silences you, placing a finger on your lips. He then lowers the finger, using his thumb to push your bottom lip down a bit. He then leans in and pulls you into a kiss. You let him, of course. You knew this was coming. The kiss soon becomes a French kiss, and his arm not wrapped around you slides onto your hip, then up to fondle a breast. You put both arms around his neck and give the kiss everything you've got. If he doesn't like this, the money will no doubt quickly trickle out. You make out all the way back to his house. 

He quickly leads you from the car and up a staircase, into a master bedroom. He takes of his jacket and belt, the embraces you again. One hand meanders your back and the other grabs your ass as his tongue explores your mouth. He undoes the zipper at your back, pulling it down slowly as he gropes your ass. He's gentle, but there is a roughness to him. A hunger. It's like you are the sexiest woman on the planet and all he wants is you. The dress slides down to the floor, and you are left in your lingerie. 

He moves you forward and you drop onto the bed, him still embracing you, kissing you, hands exploring your body. He sits up and quickly begins undressing. Shirt. Pants. Underwear. He's already becoming hard as the underwear come off. He's actually pretty good looking naked for a man his age. Not exactly your ideal man, but it's not a huge turn off. You slide up the bed a bit so your head is on the pillows. You open your legs and rub yourself through the cloth of the thong, preparing for the act to come. He pulls a condom from a side table and slides it on effortlessly. His dick is pretty big. Honestly one of the larger ones you have ever seen. He grabs a bottle of lube and gives his dick a few tugs to apply it, also stroking himself to his full size. He kneels on the bed, moving towards you. He leans down, hovering over you, arms to each side holding him up. His dick rests against your stomach, throbbing so it moves off then slapping back down on you. He reaches behind and undoes your bra, pulling it off. His mouth comes down and pulls a tit into it. 

~~~

She gasps a bit and runs a hand through your hair as you suck on her breast. Desire flows through you and soon you feel foreplay has gone on long enough. You pull her thong to the side, revealing her pussy mound. She isn't completely shaven, and a bit of pubic hair rests on the mound. You tug on it lightly as you view her pussy for the first time. She's a bit wet already. You'd spend more time with foreplay, but frankly you aren't in the mood. She is beautiful, head to toe. And the fact that she is doing this for money just makes it all the better. You can see it on her face. She's hiding it well for her first time doing this, but you can see it in her eyes. She's doing this for the money. You've bought this. That's real power over someone else. And that feels good. You can take your time some other day. Right now -- you want to conquer your prize. 

It's a shame your first time with her has to be with a condom. She requested that specifically, and seemed pretty adamant on it in your online correspondences, though you didn't press the issue obviously. These things go slowly. You've done this before. First they just need rent. They always need more money. Sooner or later she'll want more. Something will happen. It always does. Right now she thinks this is a one time thing. Rent for one month, one night with her. It's never that simple. She'll be back soon, more desperate than ever. But for now... time to enjoy what money can buy. 

You push against her entrance and with the lubed condom you easily slide into her vaginal depths. You push in slowly, sinking your whole sword into your bought sheathe. You bottom out, then begin your thrusting. You lower yourself onto her, wrapping your arms around her and feeling her breasts push into your chest. You drill into her pussy, feeling her vaginal muscles clench and contract as you do so. The sensations are somewhat dulled by the use of a condom, but it is still very exhilarating. 

You continue your rhythmic pumping, your cloaked rod darting in and out of her tight womanflesh. Soon you feel your orgasm building and you punch yourself deeply into her as your seed floods into the waiting condom, stopped from reaching its target by the thin layer of plastic. You hold yourself inside of her for several seconds, allowing your dick to pump all of its seed into the condom before slowly pulling out of her. You watch as the end of the condom, filled with your cum, pulls its way out from between her lips. You sit up and stand, moving away from her. Carefully your remove the condom and turn around. She is already getting up, beginning to dress herself. You pull out your wallet from your pants, bringing two Benjamins out. 

"200 extra if you drink it" you say, dangling the condom towards her, taunting her with the money in the other hand. She hesitates, thinking about it, then reaches out to take the condom. She lolls out her tongue, opening her mouth wide as she upturns the condom and squirts your cum from it into her mouth. She flinches as it touches her tongue, and she does her best not to grimace as she sucks the remainder out of the condom, before swallowing it all. You hand her the money, and your transaction is over. 

~~~

You can't BELIEVE you swallowed his cum. It tasted so bad! You've never sucked a dick or eaten cum before, and frankly now you feel justified in always saying no when a guy wanted you to. Ugh you could feel sperm in your mouth for hours afterwards... 200 dollars though... you've never even held a 100 dollar bill before. At least it's over. You paid your rent, and you have almost 500 dollars left over now. Things are turning around. You smile as you reach your apartment. Things are looking up!