 He touched me like electricity shot from his veins. I was driving the car, something so simple. He slid his thumb across the middle part of my back as I leaned forward to adjust the radio. I was in shock; one small touch and I could feel his intention pierce my skin. I felt memories of the first night together aching to be made new. I was gone to the desire I had for him, it was a prowess I couldn't deny and wanted to fuel.

I knew in the car that I would have to have him soon, that the need was intense. I would think about him, the way he made love to me, and I would feel myself get wet. I felt shocked, though I'm sexual, it's not always that someone can cast his or her spell on me. I felt bound to him, bound to his sense of passion and sex. Every interaction between us was prelude to something unnamed.

The time between is most difficult, time and space separating this pulsating fire from its spark, the unsatisfied woman from the valiant ardor of her Love. It is an intense unification of bodies and fate ripped apart so quickly, waiting to be sewn together in delighted gardens of tension and pleasure. 

This is how he and I are, we are nervous. There is electricity in the spaces between us, and the numbers close in daily, bringing him back to me and into my body to consume me as trees by fire. 

...

We had been friendly, knowing something sparked immediately betwixt us. We were connected somehow and we were determined to find the root of that connection. I could feel him from across a room, I would know who he was, but not approaching until some time had passed. 

Gently, I pressed against his ear, asking him if he'd like to escape with me tonight. When his arm slid around my waist and his hot breath hit my ear I was aware of the danger in store. I could sense it from that moment that we fit. As names exchanged, decisions were made, our exit was swift and discreet.

I was in his car going to my house; we smoked cigarettes and listened to some unnamable music. Chatting about the night, and trying to get a feel for each other we chokingly exchanged fragments of information. We weren't sure, but we had been attracted and we had had enough drinks to ensure an explorer's attitude for the evening. My hand rested on his thigh.

We got settled into the main room of my house, which was clean and low lit; there was a large sofa where we sat together. He stared into my eyes, which looked black in the half-light, he was making an impression on me, and he knew the body. He would touch me on the crown of my head, on the base of my spine, sending himself into me, telling me things. An immense pressure built into my head and I was losing control of myself.

He began kissing me, with his sweet and seductive kisses. His hands roamed over my body slowly and felt each curve. His hand slipped down from my head and to my neck, caressing me. He slowly brought his fingers down to the round bottoms of my breasts, cupping one in his hand and sliding his second hand to the other and squeezing them firmly then rolling the nipples on his palms.

My head tilts back and he licks and kisses the front of my neck. I start to undulate beneath him as he pulls me down onto the length of the sofa on my back. He kneels in front of me and positions himself between my legs. He slides my skirt up, exposing my black knee highs and puts his hands on the inner part of my knees. He slowly spread my legs, looking into my eyes with a power I desired.

He lowers his head and rubs my pussy through my panties, he taps it softly, which drives me crazy and my hips start to buck a little in anticipation. With his two fingers he slides my panties to the left and give me a soft lick. He wants the best way into me, he works his tongue up and down my crease until it lets him slide his tongue in to slip across my clit.

My moans increase and I am lost in the wetness of his mouth on me, feeling me get warmer and more ecstatic. He tastes me and plays with me, being so passionate and purposeful, digesting each moment of pleasure I had.

He was on his knees again and I was looking up at him, he removed his shirt and so did I. He took of the rest of his clothes, and so did I, I was entranced, he even looked different now. He was making me want him in the deep and aching way no man has ever done, I was throbbing for him, begging.

He put some fingers onto my clit and spanked me there a little; rubbing and touching me, making me watch him watch me. My hips were off the ground waiting for him, and then he did it, he pushed himself into me and collapsed his whole being with it. I felt him inside of me and I brought myself onto him, joining at each thrust, hoping to give him stunning pleasure.

He rode me and kissed me, and soon I was asking him to lie on his back. I crawled to him and on all fours took his cock into my mouth. I felt a shock; his penis was pierced, just on the underside, a small curved barbell. I was intrigued and was hoping he felt the same way when he discovered my nipple piercing. I pushed his foreskin down and took his head into my mouth, wetting the length and tasting myself on him. I felt him stiffen in my mouth and I began going faster, working my hand along him as I used a few different methods of making him hotter than I bet he had been in quite a while.

I wanted him, so I straddled him and slid him into me. I started rocking back and forth and leaned back to really expose my breasts to him. He rolled my nipples in his fingers and played with my clit a little. I was writhing and started to feel myself cum, it was long. It was the kind of orgasm that makes you want to make love again right away. I knew he hadn't cum yet, but I could feel it was getting close to finish. 

We stopped and lay there together. After a while I could feel his hard cock against my ass and we rolled around a bit playing with each other, but knew it was late already and we were ready to sleep. 

It was this controlled ecstasy; we prolonged it on our own.

He told me later that he trained himself to have an orgasm and not cum, which was strangely sexy to me, I wanted him to prove it. I will make him prove it. Our story is unfinished.