 I must have dozed off, because I heard a sound that sounded like glass rattling in the kitchen. Could this have been real, could I have just had a young girl from PCC make love to my cock with her mouth? I looked down and my robe was open shorts were across the room and I knew that either it had indeed happened or I'd had one hell of a wet dream! Clearing my head, I realized that I was hearing sounds from the kitchen. Making my way to my feet, I almost stumbled over the pink tee shirt lying on the floor. "Oh god," I breathed as I thought about it all being real.

"Kristen?" I called out as I walked into the kitchen. The smell of freshly brewing coffee moved gently through the air.

"Yes John," she answered back. I walked through the door and there the young girl stood at the stove, barefoot and naked from the waist up. It appeared that she was cooking something. "You hungry John?" she asked.

"Uh, yeah," I replied as I pulled my robe together. "Look Kristen, I'm sorry for what happened earlier. I'm not sure what came over me."

Kristen stopped her labors for a moment and turned and looked at me. "You're sorry John?" she asked.

"Yeah, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to take advantage of you," I said as I looked down at the floor.

"Didn't you enjoy it?" she asked as she turned out the fire. 

"Oh god yes!" I almost shouted. "It was the most wonderful thing this old man has had happen to him in a long, long time!"

"Well first of all," she said putting the utensils that she was stirring the food with down. "First of all John, you didn't take advantage of me. Secondly," she said as she walked toward me, "secondly it was one of the most intense times that I have ever spent with a man and I will never forget it as long as I live." 

"But I am supposed to be a responsible adult and I should have been in more control of myself," I said as she stood there, her firm breasts almost calling out for me to touch them.

"I think you showed too much control John. I think you are a precious soul and I would have kept going but my jaws got so tired!" Kristen winked at me and then put her arms around my neck and pressed her tight young body into mine. Instinctively, my hands went to her back and I held her tightly. 

"I just hope you weren't disappointed at the size of my little friend," I said chuckling.

"Oh no John. It wasn't your little friend I was loving, it was the man that carried his little friend around," she said as her hand moved down and gave my ass a hard squeeze through my terry robe. "Besides," she whispered in my ear, "it's just the right size for sucking." Pulling away from me she motioned to the table. "I'm hungry, let's eat!" she said excitedly as she walked to the cupboard and took a couple of bowls and put them on the table.

"And I am hungry too!" I said as she walked to the table. "What are we having?"

"Chili!" she said. I looked at the clock and it was almost 1 a.m. 

"It's kind of late to be eating chili isn't it sister?" I asked as she dipped the hot mixture into the bowls. 

"It's never too late or too early for chili John," she said as she put the pot back on the stove. "Now let's eat John!" she said with a motherly tone in her voice. 

"Chili it is," I said as I poured coffee into my cup. "After you young lady," I said as I pulled her chair out and she sat down. 

"Why thank you sir," she said in her best southern drawl as I pushed her to the table. We both laughed and I took my place at the table. "I think there's something wrong here sir," she said her eyes fluttering, still carrying on the "Gone With the Wind" facade. 

"Oh and what is that Miss Scarlet?" I asked.

She jutted her breasts out and ran her hand down them. "Well sir, I do believe I am at a disadvantage sir!"

"And what is that disadvantage my little southern belle?"

"Well sir," she said as she moved her hands down her front, pushing her shapely young breasts and then letting them go. I smiled as I watched them bounce on her chest. "It seems that I have no shirt on and you do and I just don't think that's fair my dear man!"

"Well, I do declare I believe you are right young lady," I said as I stood up and untied my robe. I pulled it from my shoulders and then removed my shirt. I threw them in a pile in the corner of the kitchen. "There, how's that?" I asked as I stood there totally nude before her.

"Oh my sir! It is a lovely sight," she said, "but I'm afraid that now the tables have turned!"

I sat back down and watched as Kristen stood up. Long, silky black hair shined in the lights of the kitchen. Kristen pushed her chair back and stood before me. Winking at me, she gave me that shy little girl look and then she put her hands into the loose waist of her sweat pants. "I think there's only one thing to do sir, either you put your shorts back on, or I do declare, I am just going to have to remove my drawers!"

"Oh my," I said trying to act like a southern gentleman. "I believe it is your call ma'am!"

With a twinkle in her large brown eyes, I watched in total ecstasy as Kristen began to push her sweat pants down. As her naval came into view, my mouth almost watered. "Oh yes Miss Scarlet, I do believe you have made a jim dandy decision!" Slowly, teasingly, she pushed her sweats down a little more until just a few of her jet-black pubic hairs poked over the top. 

"Shall I go on sir?" she asked, enjoying this game way too much! 

"I wouldn't have it any other way ma'am," I said as my eyes burned into her young flesh. Pleased with my reaction, I watched as the young girl slowly pushed the sweats down across her hips until her neatly trimmed pubic bush was exposed to me. Once again Kristen was in control of the situation and she knew it. I licked my lips and she smiled and then pushed her sweats all the way down and then stepped out of them. Holding her hands to her sides, she turned around several times and then stopped. "What do you think John?" she asked as she put her hands on her hips.

"I think," I stopped short. "I mean WE think," I said in reference to my cock, which had already started to recover nicely. "WE think that you are the most glorious creature that God ever put on the face of the earth my dear," I said as I stood up. My penis was standing up at a 45-degree angle and a very pleased look came over Kristen's face.

"Well thank you sir!" she said. "Now let's eat!"

"I think I'll have my desert first," I said as I walked toward the refrigerator.

"Desert?" she asked. "I didn't make any desert."

"Maybe you didn't make any," I said as I took a can of whipped cream from the shelf, "but I think we can improvise!" I said as I put it on the cabinet. 

"Just what are you going to do John?" she asked as she watched me remove some more items.

"I just told you girl, I'm going to have desert!" Kristen's brown eyes were as large as silver dollars as I closed the refrigerator door and took the items to the table. I removed the bowls of chili and sat them on the cabinet and cleared the table.

"What are you going to put that stuff on John?" she asked as I walked toward her.

"I'm going to put it on something I've been wanting to eat for a long time my dear," I said as I put arms around her. Not waiting for her to react, I picked her up and sat her on the edge of the table. 

"Oh my god John! What are you doing?"

"Just relax Kristen," I said as I leaned forward and placed a warm, wet kiss on her lips. I felt her moan into my mouth as my hard dick touched her on the inside of the leg. My tongue moved between her wet lips and hers met mine as I invaded her mouth. We kissed passionately, wrestling tongues for a moment and then I released my lips from hers. Keeping her lips tightly on my tongue as I moved back, it made a smacking sound as it came out. Her hand moved down between my legs and gave my hard cock a gentle squeeze. "You're hard again John!" she said as she held onto it.

I didn't reply, I just took her elbows into my hands and gently laid her back on the table. "Oh no John! Please! Oh god! Oh god! Oh god!" she just kept saying over and over as she thought about what was to come.

My eyes took in the beauty between Kristen's legs. Just as I had suspected, it did look good enough eat. "You know Kristen, I think I have to check and see if the desert is ready."

"H-h-how are you going to do that sir?" she asked as I pulled my chair up and sat down.

"You ever bake a cake Kristen?" I asked.

"Yes. I've baked a cake before," she said as I watched the goose bumps move across the tender flesh of her legs.

"And just how do you check to see if a cake is done?" I asked.

"Visual inspection John," she asked?

"Already did that Kristen. What do you do next?"

"Oh god!" she groaned. "With my finger?" she asked as I looked at her open flower.

"Once again you are correct my dear." I put my hands on the inside of her thighs. She was tense and I could feel her resisting slightly. "Just relax my dear. Just relax and let me check to see if desert is ready." I massaged the insides of her thighs and kissed her lightly. 

"Shit!" she exclaimed as I moved my tongue against the prickly stubble on her legs. Kristen's reflexes took over and she jumped a bit.

I laughed a hearty laugh and then I heard her giggle and she tried to relax. Kristen shifted a little and she closed her eyes. I could hear her breathing increase as I moved my face toward her sweet mound. The smell moved up to my nose and I inhaled her musky perfume. My hands moved up the thighs and my finger moved to her shaved area between her thighs and my intended target. "Oooooohhhhhhh," she cooed as my finger moved across her smooth flesh. I felt her shiver as my hand moved down her thigh and then I removed it.

"I do believe it's time to test it my dear," I said as my finger moved toward the outer lips of her vagina. 

"Be gentle John," she pleaded as my finger neared her sensitive area.

"Of course I'll be gentle my dear. We shouldn’t want to hurt the desert," I told her as my finger touched her moist lips. Kristen's body shook with excitement as my finger traced against the outer folds of her vagina. "Oh my, oh my, oh my god!" she shouted as I touched her for the first time. Electricity seemed to snap in the air as I became more forceful. "I believe it is going to be moist," I said as my finger moved into her opening.

"Oh yessssssssss," she groaned as I gently moved my finger into her precious pussy. "That feels so good John! Please don't stop John," she moaned and she began a motion against my finger.

"Oh but I am just checking to see if it is ready to eat." I removed my finger from her pussy and pushing my chair back, I stood up and looked down at the naked young brunette on the table. My finger moved to my lips and I sucked it into my mouth. "Mmmmmmm," I said as I sucked on my wet digit. "It tastes so good Kristen," I said as I pulled the finger from between my lips.

"John. Please. Please don't stop John," she said almost pleading.

"You know, I think it's ready to be eaten but the proof is in the pudding my dear," I said as I picked up a jar of cherries from the table and opening it, set a couple to the side. 

"W-w-what are you going to do John?" she asked.

"It's time to eat my girl!" With that I sat back down and once again the smell of Kristen's vagina hung in the air. I moved my hands between her thighs and spread them a little more. "I believe it is time." My face moved toward Kristen's tender pussy and not able to hold back any longer, I moved my tongue out and she trembled as for the first time it flicked across the swollen lips. 

"Oh fuck!" she groaned. "Yes baby. Eat me up baby! Eat me up!" she cried.

The musky scent was strong as my tongue moved closer and I pushed it gently between her slick lips. Kristen took hold of my hair and tried to pull me head first into her waiting womb. "Patience my dear," I told her. "Patience." Releasing my hair, she did her best to relax and I fumbled to find a cherry. "What is desert without a cherry Kristen," I said as I moved the fruit against hers. 

"John. John. My god John, quit teasing me!"

"Teasing? Teasing? Oh my dear, I am deadly serious," I said as I pulled the stem from the cherry. Pressing the cool fruit to her opening, I heard her gasp out loud as I pushed it in between her waiting lips. Kristen opened her legs wide and placed them across my back.

"I can't take much more," she groaned as my tongue moved forward and probed around for the piece of fruit. Searching around, I found the cherry and sucked it along with her tender lips between mine. Holding them there for a few seconds, I released her pussy and chewed the fruit. "Very tasty Kristen," I said. "Very tasty, but I believe it needs a little something else!"

"Needs? What? Oh! God! Please!" she begged.

"I aim to please my young friend," I said reaching for the other cherry and the can of whipped cream. As I had earlier, I pushed the cherry between her waiting vaginal lips. Aiming the nozzle at her pussy, I pushed the top and a creamy shot of white foam spewed forth from the tip. The coolness of the cream made her tremble and she wrapped her legs around my neck. 

"Oh god I'm gonna cummmmmm," she groaned as she pulled my face toward her open hole. My face mashed into the sticky foam I had squirted on her pussy. Not to disappoint the girl I began to lick the cream from her lips. "Oh my god John! Oh shit! I'm cummingggggg!" she groaned as I licked the mixture of pussy juice and whipped cream from her cunt.

A spasming began to take over her body as she held me tightly. I licked the sweet cream from the opening in her pussy as she held me fast. I managed to break the hold she had on me with her legs as I sucked the cherry from her beautiful lips.

"No John! Please don't stop!"

I swallowed the cherry. "Very tasty indeed my dear." I paused momentarily and then I spoke up. "I think there's something I forgot to do," I said rubbing my wet face.

"Fucking right there's something you forgot to do you fucking tease!" she yelled as her hips writhed on the table.

"I know what it was!" I said in a loud voice. "I forgot to lick the bowl!" I exclaimed as I moved my hands between her legs. My fingers moved to both sides of her pussy lips. "Oh god," she groaned as she felt me open them wide. "Yes indeed Kristen. I did forget to lick the bowl," I exclaimed as I moved my tongue to her open hole. Dashing my tongue deeply, Kristen bucked against my tongue as I pushed it as deeply into her folds as I could. Glorious was her taste as I tongue fucked her virgin hole. 

"Oh god! Oh shit! Fuck! Damn," she moaned as I pummeled her pussy with my tongue. "I'm cumming! I'm cumming! I'm cumming!" she screamed, pulling my face hard against her open pussy. I pressed my face as hard as I could against her pussy and then I sucked her clit and her pussy lips deep into my mouth, working her lips like she had my cock earlier in the day. "Yes! Yes! Yes! Oh my fucking god!!!!!!" she screamed as she bucked against my face.

Slowly her bucking slowed down and although she continued to hold me tightly against her, I continued to gently lick her tender flower. Finally I felt her relax and the muscles in her legs finally let go of my neck. I glanced down at her honey hole that had been smeared with whipped cream and my saliva. I pushed my chair back and stood over the best desert I'd had in years. 

Leaning forward, once again pressing my hard cock into her leg I kissed her gently on the lips. "Oh that was so fucking great sir," she said in her southern bell accent once more. Darting her tongue out, she licked the cream from my face. "So that's what desert tastes like?" she asked and then she giggled.

"Yes my dear. And now for the cleanup." I took her by the hands and pulled her up. Unsteadily, she got back on her feet and I led her to the shower. "Cleanliness is next to godliness," I said as the steaming water came from the nozzle. 

Although I would have loved to make love to this young girl, I didn't want to take what was Sam's God given right. So, instead after we finished our shower and dried each other off, I picked her up and carried her into the bedroom and placed her under the covers. I lay beside her and she put her head on my shoulder. "Sleep tight my young friend," I told her as she cuddled next to me. 

Kristen awoke me a little before daybreak with one of the most glorious blowjobs I have ever encountered in my life. She did such an expert job that I would swear that the girl was either experienced or a natural! Either way didn't matter. What did matter is that when I awoke she was gone and I longed to have her there beside me but it was not to be.

Kristen and Sam's wedding went off without any problem. I shook his hand at the wedding and at the reception I did have my one last time to hold her against me. "Thank you Elder," was all she said as we danced. I gave her a fatherly kiss on the cheek and then I walked away, having had one of the most enjoyable experiences a man could have. I have thought about her many times over the years and although I lost track of her, I heard that they named their first born son John after they say a man who influenced their lives greatly.

Thank you Kristen wherever you are.