 The large house was in its usual quiet state as I turned the bathroom light out. I had just finished my shower when I heard the doorbell ring. I glanced at the clock. It was after 11 p.m. and although it was unusual to have a visitor after 10, I had many friends and it was not unheard of. 

On the way to the door, I took a robe that I had draped over the kitchen chair the previous morning and slipped it over myself. Not expecting company, I had just put an old tank top shirt and a loose fitting pair of boxer shorts on. I tied the robe and walked to the door. 

"Who is it?" I called out through the metal security door.

"I'm sorry to bother you sir, it's Kristen."

"Kristen?" I asked not knowing who that would be.

"Yeah. Kristen from PCC," she said.

The only Kristen I knew was from the Pentecostal Congregational Church, or PCC for short, was one of the young girls that I served as an Elder at. I pulled the door open slightly and there on the porch she stood. Kristen was a daughter of the couple that usually sat behind me on a Sunday morning. "Well come on in Kristen," I said as I pulled opened the door. "You'll have to excuse my appearance, I just got out of the shower." As she walked through the door, I noticed that she was not in her usual attire of blue jeans and tee shirt that I was used to seeing her in when I had seen her around town. Also, I was not used to seeing her long black hair in such a dishelved state. Wearing a leather bomber jacket that was much too long for her, a pair of sloppy sweat pants and her house slippers she came in and made her way across my living room.

"Thank you Elder. I'm sorry to bother you at this late hour, but I have some things on my mind and I could not sleep. I have been walking up and down the streets for several hours trying to get something straight in my mind but I just couldn't work it out on my own. I just had to have somebody to talk to and you were the only one that I could think of."

"Where's Sam?" I asked her. Sam was her fiancé. They had started dating while they were freshmen, he in college and she in high school. Now that she was in college, he had graduated and had taken an entry-level job in one of the local banks. They were planning on being married within a couple of months.

"Sam's out of town on business," she said. 

"Aah, I see. Well come on in and sit down Kristen. What brings you here at this late hour?" Kristen nodded her thanks and sat down in the over stuffed chair that sat in the corner of my living room. My eyes admired her graceful beauty.

"Well, like I said, I needed to talk to someone and you were the only one that I could think of." she said a look of concern on her young face.

"What seems to be your troubling you my young friend?"

"It's kind of hard to talk about Elder," she said, small tears beginning to form in her pretty blue eyes. My heart reached out to the young girl. It was obvious that something was troubling her very deeply. 

"Is it something that you could discuss with the pastor?" I asked her as I handed a tissue to dry her tears.

"Oh my no!" she almost shouted as she dried her cheek.

"Hmmm," I said rubbing my bearded chin. "Why not Kristen?"

"I just can't Elder. That's all."

"How about your parents then. I've known them for years and they seem to be very understanding people." Kristen shook her head and I got the feeling that she had indeed made her mind up that she had no recourse but to talk to me about it. "Very well Kristen, then let's go to my office." I held out my hand and her face showed signs of relief as she took it and stood up. 

My office was just off the kitchen of the old Victorian house that I lived in. "Nice cabinets," she said as we walked through the large dining area that was included in the kitchen of the old house." I chuckled to myself as I thought about how no matter what is bothering a woman, she still has an eye for the way a house is decorated. "Thanks," I responded as I led her across the hardwood floor. "Right through this door Kristen," I said as we walked into the old room that I had converted into my office.

Kristen walked into the sparsely furnished office. It had been an old bedroom that we had converted to a sewing room, but after my wife passed away, I had turned it into my office. "Sit down sister," I motioned to the chair in the corner. Kristen took off her leather jacket and sat down. She was wearing a pink tee shirt with a teddy bear on the front of it. "I need to let you know that what you tell me will be kept in confidence as long as it is nothing that is illegal. If you have committed any crime, I am forced by law to report it. Is that understood Kristen," I told her as took my seat.

"Oh no Elder, It is nothing like that!" she exclaimed.

"Please, call me John," I said as I made myself comfortable. Kristen smiled a faint smile at me. I thought about how Sam was lucky to be getting such a lovely young lady for his bride. To say she was beautiful would not even come close to what she actually looked like. She was approximately 5' 2" and a very slim 115 pounds. Her hair was long and coal black and her complexion was almost that of a person of the oriental persuasion. On top of all that, she seemed to be one of the sweetest young ladies that I had ever met. 

"Ok John," she said as she made herself comfortable. 

"So what's up kid?" I asked her when she had settled in.

"It's about me and Sam. I have some concerns about our relationship and I need someone that is mature and has had a lot of life experiences to talk to."

"Aren't you going through the pre-marriage counseling that is required by the pastor?"

"Yes. We have 2 more sessions left and when Sam gets back we'll complete them."

"Then perhaps these concerns that you have would be better discussed with the pastor instead of me. After all, he is our undershephard and that falls into the marriage counseling area." Kristen once again shook her head. "I can't talk to him John, he's such an old fuddy-duddy! I'm sure that he wouldn't give me the correct advice on the things I need to discuss."

"And what makes you think that the advice you get from me would be any different?" 

"Because you're different John. I remember when you and your wife used to lead the youth at PCC. You were so kind with everyone. You were kind with your children and you always respected your wife. I have always looked up to you. I have never felt like that with our pastor." 

"I think you are being a little unfair Kristen. The pastor is a kind man and he is also a man who has also raised a family and has supported his wife. Not only that, he has dealt with all kinds of problems on a daily basis. I wish you'd reconsider discussing your concerns with him." Once again a tear formed in Kristen's eye and she hung her head. What could possibly be bothering a girl at such a young age, I wondered to myself? "Very well Kristen. We'll continue if you like. Now what is it that has you so concerned."

"Well, I'm not sure exactly what to say," she continued. Pausing for a minute, she readjusted herself in the chair and then she blurted it out. "It's about sex John!"

"Sex?" I asked, totally taken aback by the three-letter word that was on most people's mind more than it should be.

"Y-y-yeah. Sex," she said softer, almost shy voice this time.

I crossed my legs and leaned back in my chair. "I'm not sure I can be of much help to you Kristen. I'm not a trained counselor. Perhaps your parents would be better suited for this conversation."

"Fine!" she said in a loud voice. Almost leaping out of her chair she picked up her coat. "If you are going to insist that I talk to my parents about this then I can see that there is nothing more to talk about!" Realizing that I had made a serious error in judgment, I stood up and put my hand on Kristen's shoulder. "Wait Kristen," I said. "I didn't mean to upset you. Sit back down and I will do what I can for you. Sit girl." Kristen put her hand on top of mine and grasped my fingers. Her skin of her palm was soft against the back of my hand as she squeezed my fingers tightly and then released them. "Thank you John," she said, her anger no longer evident. Sitting down once again, I searched back into the confines of my memory about the wonderful love life that I had experienced with my wife. "Now what is it that you want to know about my friend?" 

"Well, I am confused about some things. I have tried to bring these things up with my mom but they seem to get lost in our conversation."

"Well just spit it out girl," I said as I sat there in wonder of the beautiful young creature that had come to ask my advice.

"Ok. Here it is. What I wanted to know is. Ummmmmmm, do you think it's ok? I mean I know the entire bit about the birds and bees and the reproductive stuff. So what I'd like your opinion on John is, do you think that oral sex is ok?"

At this point in time I am sure that my mouth must have been wide open. I had never breached this subject with anyone let alone the subject of sex with someone so young. "Hmmmmm." I said pausing for a second. "Goodness. I'm not sure how to answer that."

"Just give me an honest answer John. That's why I came to you, because I know that not only are you a wise man, but that you would be totally and brutally honest with me."

I picked up my bible and sat it on my lap and opened it up. I pretended to be thumbing through it but in reality the thought of the young girl that sat across from me performing oral sex was starting to arouse the man in me that had long lay dormant. "That is a hard question to answer my young friend." I moved through a few more pages. "I do not know of anything that specifically condones or forbids it." 

"So you think it's alright then?" she asked her brown eyes glistening in the light.

"What I think is," I said as I tried my best not to look at the young girl as a sexual creature but as one of a troubled young bride to be seeking answers. "What I think is that as long as two people are in love, and everything is consensual, then there are......" I paused once again trying to choose my words. "What I mean is that as long as two people have committed to each other in the sanctity marriage that what goes on in the bedroom between them will be blessed by the Lord." 

"So let me get this straight John," she said leaning forward a little. Suddenly I was aware of the impression of Kristen's nipples against the pink cotton fabric that covered her upper body. "You think that anything done between two people that love each other is ok?"

"Well, now you are getting into some things that I really cannot positively answer for you Kristen. Some things you will just have to decide for yourself."

Kristen's eyes widened a little. I could almost see my reflections in the dark brown eyes of hers. "If I ask you a question, would you answer me honestly John?" Now once again she had taken control of the conversation and I was really getting uncomfortable. "I'll answer if I can Kristen," I said shifting in my seat. 

"Did your wife ever perform oral sex on you?" she asked. My blood seemed to rush to my face as well as my penis as the words rolled off the pink lips of the beautiful brunette. Once again my mind wandered back to the days that my wife and I would enjoy our passionate love life. Not answering her question directly, I started to thumb across the pages of the book on my lap again. "It's ok John, you don't have to answer. I can tell by the look on your face that you are uncomfortable talking about it." 

"No Kristen," I said. "It's ok. It is just not an easy thing to talk about. I did love her dearly you know and I miss her greatly." I cleared my throat and tried not to let the situation get out of hand. "I guess I have to answer you honestly. The answer is yes. My wife did perform oral sex on me." I can't believe that I had just told one of the young girls that I had seen on almost a weekly basis that my wife had given me blowjobs!

"Did you enjoy it then? You didn't have any guilty feelings about her doing this to you?" The inquisitive eyes of a child looked to me for answers and I had to be very careful how I answered. How could I tell her that I did indeed enjoy the feelings of my wife's warm moist lips as they moved up and down the length of my hard cock? How could I tell her that I had no guilty feelings about enjoying the feeling of the soft skin of her fingers as they massaged my hard prick and she flicked her tongue across the slit in the end of it? The silence in the room was deafening as we sat there across from each other. 

"Well," I paused once again. "Like I told you, there are some decisions that you make in life and this was one that my wife and I made together. Nothing was ever forced for either one of us. So I have to say that I felt at the time like it was an ok thing for us to participate it." Wanting to get this conversation back on her, I looked her in the face. "What exactly brought this subject up anyway Kristen?"

"I found out that Sam had gone out with some girls when he was in college. I found out that they had given him blowjobs. I just wasn't sure if that was an ok thing to do or not!" Relief flooded my body. Of course, she would be curious after finding out that her intended had received oral services from some college girls. 

"Well then," I said as closed my book. "I guess that should answer your question. Although I do not think that it was ok for Sam to have these girls do this to him while he was dating you, I do not necessarily think that the act of oral sex in and of itself is a bad thing." I smiled at Kristen, satisfied that I had indeed helped her. "Is there anything else Kristen?" I asked her.

"Well," she said softly. "There is one other question that I had for you."

"What is it my friend?"

"I'm not sure how to ask it." Her dark brown eyes once again looked to me for answers. 

"Just ask point blank like you did earlier," I laughed out loud.

"Ok. Here goes. I know that you are a kind and loving man and you always help people because you love to help them. So, what I want to know John, is would you teach me the proper way to give oral sex to Sam?"

As it had before, my face turned a deep shade of red. My cock leaped against my shorts and I once again was at a loss for words. "Kristen," I said as I sat there, "I don't think that would be a good idea. After all, you are going to marry Sam in a couple of months."

"Yeah, I know," she said softly. "But I kinda' figured that if he had gotten blowjobs from other girls then he would know that I didn't know how to do it." Kristen got up and began pacing the floor. And, I was concerned that if he wasn't satisfied with my blowjobs, then he would know where he could get ones that would please him."

"I'm sure you'll do fine," I said nervously. "Besides, there is the fact that we attend church together every week and also the fact that I am 45 and you are how old?"

"I'm 20," she said.

"There you go. I'm 45 and you're 20 and that means that I am old enough to be your father."

"Maybe," she mumbled. "But it means something else too." she said as she stopped pacing and slowly moved toward me. I felt my heart pound in my chest as the girl barely out of her teens moved closer. 

"And it means what?" I asked as I looked up at her.

"It means that at 45 and 20, that we are both consenting adults. It also means that as consenting adults, we should be able to keep in mind that when we saw each other that we would consider it marriage counseling." Kristen raised her hand and touched the top of my head. It had been so long since I had felt the touch of a woman that I closed my eyes as she moved her fingers through my hair.

"But Kristen," I said in a trembling voice. "What about our congregation? What about our commitments? What about your parents?" I asked as her gentle fingers massaged my scalp.

"They'll never know John, because I won't tell and I know that you won't!" Kristen's hands moved from my hair and touched my face and then my shoulder. I looked up in wonder at this girl as she stood above me. Kristen's pert little nipples were pressed against the pink fabric of the material of her shirt. I wanted so much to reach out and touch them that my body hurt. Her other hand reached down and took the bible from my lap. Setting it respectfully on the desk, her hand moved down my chest. My cock was now at full hardness as the scent of this woman/child touched my nose. Kristen leaned forward and placed her lips close to my ear. "You can teach me John. I want you to show me the proper way to suck a cock," she whispered into my ear.

"But Kristen," I stammered. "And," I paused, "as much as I would love to have you do this tome, I'm sure that it would not be a good decision for either one of us." Kristen raised a finger and put it to my lips. Shaking her head she backed away from me and stood still for me to look at. The look in Kristen's eyes told me that she had already made up her mind. "Don't you think I look good?" she asked as she stood before me, her tender young breasts jutting out from her chest and seeming to strain against the thin material. Not waiting for me to answer, she moved her hands down to the hem of her shirt and in what seemed like slow motion, she pulled it over her head. Staring open mouthed for a moment, I took in her loveliness. Kristen was perfect from the top of her head to the bottom of her feet. I averted my eyes from her nakedness as she stood before me. "Look at me John," she said. I kept my eyes down. "Look at me damnit!" she said louder this time. I looked up at the beautiful young girl. Her dark skin almost glowed in the soft light of the room. Breasts the size of large grapefruits were capped off with small pink nipples. "Don't you think I'm attractive John?"

"Oh my god yes Kristen! I think you are absolutely gorgeous!" I trembled as the next words came out of my mouth. "But this experience is something you should save for the man that you love."

"I am saving it for a man that I love John," she said as she spun slightly and placed her soft ass on my lap. "Or I should say I am giving it to one of the men that I love." Soft gentle fingers moved inside my robe and I could feel her tender digits caress my skin. "I have loved you ever since I was a little girl," she said, her fingers drawing soft circles on my hairy chest, moving down to my nipple. "I have wanted you for too many years and I never had the chance to tell you. And I know you want me too," she said as she pressed her hips firmly down onto my lap. My hard penis pressed into the firm young buttocks of the young girl. There was no use trying to hide the fact that I was totally aroused by this time.

"But I mean for the man you love and are going to marry!" I said giving one last feeble attempt to make this right.

"But we would be doing it for the man I love. Do it for Sam. Do it for me John!" 

Without waiting for my answer, Kristen moved from my lap and I watched her as she made her way in front of me. Her long black hair flowed and rested on her bare shoulders. Amazed at the sight before me, she watched my face, as if checking my reaction to her body. She bent forward and placing her hands on my knees, she gently kissed my lips. Without even thinking, I put my hands on the soft skin on her back. I knew it was not a prudent thing to do, but it had been so long since I had been this close to a woman, and even longer since I'd had anyone this young to think I was attractive. Kristen pressed her lips harder against my lips and I reciprocated by moving my hands around to her young breasts. Although they were not large, they were firm and the skin was as smooth as warm butter. I felt her moan into my mouth as I caressed her pink nipples and felt them harden under my touch. 

Heavy breathing was all that could be heard in the room. There was a slight taste of strawberry lip-gloss on her mouth and my tongue traced along her lips. Kristen pulled my lips from hers and then she knelt in front of me. My cock was now so hard that I felt like if she touched it that it would break between her tender fingers. "Oh my Kristen," I said as she placed her hands in the elastic of my shorts and she tugged at them. "I want you to be sure Kristen. I just want you to be sure," I told her as she looked up at me. 
