 She couldn't wait. She was drenched just thinking about it. 

It had been 2 weeks since the last time. Plus, all the text messages and the touches in class, they were both close to the edge. Though part of her was irked because he promised her a really good kiss before the end of school. She'd have to remind him later.

The doorbell rang. 

This was it. 

 She couldn't help but look out the peephole just to make sure. 

There he was. She let him in. 

Before the door even closed he had grabbed her arms and had laid the most passionate kiss ever on her. She tried to play it off. 

"Well, so what did you want to do, Chris? Want to watch a movie?" She asked. 

"There is only one thing that I came here to do Livi." He replied as she walked away. All she felt was him behind her pushing her into the couch. He was already hard. "I'm going to show you what happens when you tease me." 

 He pulled down his pants and shoved his hard cock in her mouth. She loved it. If she was drenched before, she was gushing now. 

She put as much of him into her as she could, she wanted more but her gag reflex wouldn't allow it. Then he said "Do you want it in you, baby? Do you want me to fuck you?" 

All she could do was look up at him and nod. "Well then we need to get these off baby." He then unbuttoned her pants with extreme speed and pulled them off her just as fast. He picked her up and threw her on the other couch. 

Wasting no time he shoved his hard dick in her cunt. Fucking her as hard as he could, she was so tight. Within minutes her heavy breathing turned into heaving moaning. 

The urge to talk dirty was with both of them. "How hard do you want me to fuck you? How bad do you want to cum?" he said in her ear. She screamed "Fuck me harder, fuck me so much harder, I want to cum so bad." two seconds after saying that he felt her pussy walls close on him as she had her first orgasm. 

There was more where that came from. 

 He helped her up then as they walked to her bedroom he pulled off her shirt and bra. When they got to her bed he pushed her down and took off his own shirt. He looked down on her in admiration. He loved her body, she was so beautiful. She on the other hand felt uncomfortable under his eyes. She was very self-conscious and didn't like her body at all. 

Thankfully he chose that moment to crawl on the bed with her; he got on top of her and put his cock in her pussy again. He started off the rhythm slow; she was in a completely different world of pleasure. 

Without warning, he pulled almost all the way out and slammed back into her. For her the pain was unbearable, but she loved it. She wanted it harder. He did it over and over again, slamming into her pussy until she was screaming in ecstasy. 

After this he just couldn't hold back. He did one last thrust, pulled out and squirted all over her stomach. 

 They laid there just breathing in the aroma of their sweat and sex. After she had recovered some she slowly crawled down the bed towards his limp cock. She looked him straight in the eyes and said "Now, now, now, what am I supposed to do with this thing? There's not much use for it in this state." 

Then she slowly lowered her mouth onto it. She licked his head all the way around then took as much as she could into her mouth. She brought her mouth back up and licked his head again. She did this for awhile; rubbing and licking it, and judging by his moaning, he was loving it. 

She lowered her head, not taking it in, but going for his balls. She took each one in her mouth separately while still rubbing his head. She pulled up and took as much into her throat as possible and that drove him over the edge. 

He made just one little whimper and he exploded in her mouth. Her head stayed down though, milking his cock for every squirt of cum, then swallowed it all. 

She got up and went to the bathroom while he lied there, but he could still hear her brushing her teeth. He knew she was only brushing them so he would kiss her, he also knew she loved the taste of cum. 

When she came back she crawled up the bed to lie next to him and she kissed him, she knew that if they made out for awhile he'd want to go again. 

 Right on cue she felt him slowly get hard again. He looked down at it then looked up to her and said "Now what are you doing to do with that?" and she replied "Well my first thought was that I might ride you...but you know...only if you want," and she batted her eyelashes. 

His reply was "Baby you never have to ask to do that!" Her shy grin instantly turned into a radiant smile as she climbed on him. She usually didn't have to do that much work because he liked to do the thrusting from below. 

As soon as she got in position and had his cock in her, she automatically felt the pleasure. Being on top is just pure joy for her; she fell on his chest as she thrust into him, biting him. She knew that his one big fetish was biting, and that just threw him over the edge. 

He thrust into her so hard she had an instant orgasm, just as she was falling off of him; he rolled over and just started pounding into her. 

She was in a state of orgasmic bliss. Soon after though, he had his own orgasm but this time she was quick enough and got it in her mouth. 

 They curled up next to each other and went to sleep, both dreaming about what had happened.