 The chronological order of my stories is as follows:

Todd & Melina series, Interludes 1-5, Sperm Wars series, Russian Roulette series, Case of the Murdered Lovers series, Case of the Murdered Chessplayer series, The Swap series, Interludes 6-10, The Murdered Football Player Series, Case of the Black Widow series, Teresa's Christmas Story, The Case of the Black Badge series, A Case of Revenge series, Teresa's Summer Race, The Trilogy series, Dark Side Of The Force series, Caught In The Act series, Case of the Murdered Bride series, The Credit Card Caper series, The Hot Wives Investment Club series, Seriously Inconvenienced series, Case of the Paper Trail series, Christmas Mystery Theater, The Porno Set Mystery series, The Medical Murder Mystery series.

The Eightfold Fence, Ch. 01.

Feedback and constructive criticism is very much appreciated, and I encourage feedback for ideas.

This story contains graphic scenes, language and actions that might be extremely offensive to some people. These scenes, words and actions are used only for the literary purposes of this story. The author does not condone murder, racial language, violence, rape or violence against women, and any depictions of any of these in this story should not be construed as acceptance of the above.

*****

Part 1 - Prologue 

(Author's note: this story is something like the Interludes, with background and set-up material for the big stories to come, culminating in the Summer (story's Summer, that is) climax. Please enjoy it and look for the clues...)

Eightfold rising clouds
build an eightfold fence
an eightfold Izumo Province fence
wherein to keep my bride—
oh! splendid eightfold fence

-Attributed to the god Susanoo. This is the first poem to be found in the kojiki, the oldest anthology of Japanese poetry.

Police Lieutenant Cindy Ross sat in front of her computer at her bedroom desk in her apartment on Sunday, January 11th. She was researching the latest information that had come up, using the special website and access Laura Fredricson had given her. She coughed, wincing at the pain in her lung, the one that had been damaged when she'd been wounded the previous July. Why the pain had suddenly flared up in the past week, she didn't know.

"Cindy, you have a visitor." she heard Jenna Stiles call out from the breakfast room table, where Jenna was surrounded by more legal briefs than Cindy had ever seen in one room before, including at the Courthouse. A moment later, Don's mom Phyllis knocked on her door.

"Hello, my dear." said Phyllis, bearing a large thermos. "I brought you some of my special homemade soup. Jenna and Teresa both mentioned that you were coughing the last couple of days."

"Oh, thank you, Phyllis." Cindy said, gratefully and tiredly. "I don't think I'm sick, though. Teresa and I started training for the triathlon this coming July 4th. I think I just overdid it a bit."

"I see." said Phyllis, her pale blue eyes peering at the younger woman. "This soup will make you feel better, and give you more energy for your training as well. So, what are you working on?"

"Soup is good food, and an excuse to help me with my research, eh?" Cindy asked, knowing this was the real reason Phyllis had stopped by. "But I'm glad you're here. I'm researching some of the people that Don said might possibly be the so-called 'real Moriarty'."

"Which includes my grandson, I believe." said Phyllis. Seeing Cindy's look of shock, Phyllis said "My dear, I am not unaware of what is happening around me. My daughter has been involved in an international drug ring for years now, and I don't think my son truly knows the extent of his sister's perfidy. Additionally, Don had no choice but to resort to the elimination of my other grandson, Todd's maliciously wicked brother Ned. So I'm perfectly aware of the criminal elements in my family... and I could keep you distracted all day with stories of some of the wolves in Don's bloodline... on his father's side, of course."

"Why don't you tell me some of those stories while I drink this soup?" Cindy suggested, wanting to hear the stories.

"We'll save some of those for the right time." Phyllis said, then added as a distraction: "Meanwhile, perhaps I can help with your research. What are you finding out?"

"Well, some of it's classified, and I hope you understand when I say I can't talk about that." Cindy said.

"Of course, dear." Phyllis said, her eyes twinkling. "So, who is on your list of 'Moriarty' candidates?"

"Well, your grandson Todd is indeed on the list," Cindy said, "and I guess this shows why a good Detective has to keep an open and unbiased mind. Todd is a bit childlike... Teresa says he's immature and hasn't really grown up yet... but he has managed to form a technology company and really get it rolling, get money for it, and lead it... and I can't attribute all of that to his father, Michael Burke. Todd is getting inflows of money from private sources, which are set up as venture capitalists... but then I start looking into them, and I can't get info on them from internet searches or even police search means. I have to go to the classified databases, and even those are a bit spotty."

"Nothing criminal, there." Phyllis said as she poured Cindy's cup full of soup, her words intending to get Cindy's flow of words continuing.

"No ma'am." said Cindy. "Mmm, this is good soup... anyway, Todd's been traveling a little bit. He went to Japan twice, Malaysia and Singapore on one trip, and Silicon Valley twice. Don never mentioned it, and I never noticed Todd was gone, either."

"Interesting." Phyllis said, not mentioning that it was her, Phyllis, that had helped Todd's wife Jeanine care for little Jack and little Doug while Todd was traveling...

Part 2 - Todd Burke 

On the late afternoon of Friday, January 9th, Todd and Jeanine were driving up to Lake Amengi-Nunagen to visit Todd's father, Michael Burke. Their children were being cared for on this night by Jeanine's partner Tina Felton, and would be kept over the weekend by Laura, Don, and Phyllis.

"So you think my dad wants to get into your panties?" asked Todd. "Is that why he invited us up to his place this weekend?"

"He's wanted to fuck me since he met me back when I was first dating Tim." said Jeanine. "And since you and I have talked about swinging and swapping, and with me in my current 'condition', it might be an ideal time for us to try that out."

"I figured our first swap would be with Uncle Don and Aunt Laura." Todd said. "But I guess this'll be okay... now that you're pregnant. But do you think my dad's girlfriend... his former secretary that he's been banging for years... will be interested in swapping?"

"I don't know." said Jeanine, not telling her young husband all that she knew about what awaited them at Michael Burkes place in the mountains near Lake Amengi-Nunagen. "All I know is that while you were flying home from Japan, Michael called and said he'd made some arrangements for us this weekend."

"Dad's changed since Eleanor was put away." Todd said. "He used to get off being her cuckold. Aunt Laura said it was a 'relief valve' after being in charge of his business and all those people, and that many top executives get off by being cucked or tied up or whipped, etc. BDSM stuff. Uncle Don said Henry Wargrave was like that, too... had to be in bondage to get it up at all, but now the great billionaire Wargrave can't get it up at all, not even with Viagra. I doubt Dad has a problem getting it up, but I wonder if he's changed in his sexual habits now that he's retired."

"Me, too." said Jeanine. "But your father was... and is... a strong businessman, and I heard he seduced some of his competitor's wives and made simpering wimp cuckolds out of those guys. So he just might just become the aggressor this weekend. How would you like being the cuck?"

"That's not for me." Todd said. "But I guess I can fuck his girlfriend if he and you start hitting it off." Jeanine could not tell Todd's feelings about this situation, and she had little time to ask her young husband about it: they were arriving.

They had pulled off the main road onto the side road leading to the ring of cabins around the lake, and it was a short drive to Burke Cabin. As they pulled into the driveway of a nice A-frame house with large windows that overlooked a scenic vista with the lake in the distance below, Todd observed two extra cars in the driveway. One was an older model Mercedes, painted white; while the other was a Toyota Camry that was well-worn with age and use.

"Hmm, they have other company." Todd astutely observed. "Wonder who's here?"

"Let's find out." Jeanine said as she got out of the car. As Todd got out, he looked around warily. Everything seemed fine, but certain instincts within him, instincts that served his uncle, his mother and his grandmother, were giving him a 'gut feeling' that something wasn't 'normal'.

"Ah, there you two are!" called out a voice from the door. It was Michael Burke, looking fit and vigorous, his white hair almost glowing in the waning light as the sun sank behind the hills to the west. "We've been waiting for you. Come on in." Michael hugged Jeanine, giving her a kiss on the cheek, then shook Todd's hand firmly.

Once inside, both Todd and Jeanine got a surprise when they saw the two women in the living room. They were both very beautiful. One woman was short, buxom, with a great figure and auburn hair, almost brown, and she was in her late 20s. Her real name was Nicole Stanton, but she went by the pseudonym of 'Dawn Starrett'.

It was the other woman whose presence dominated any room she was in. She was in her upper 30s in age, and was nearly six feet tall, almost as tall as Professor Laura Fredricson. Her mane of hair was blonde and fell in gentle waves about her shoulders. Her body was toned by exercise, and she had had only a bit of breast enhancement to complete her magnificent rack. Her taut waist gave way to saucy hips, a firm heart-shaped ass, and exceptionally shapely legs and feet, especially in the high heel pumps she was wearing.

"Cherie! Gosh, it's been so long!" said Todd involuntarily.

"Ah, you know her?" asked Michael, knowing full well of the relationship between Cherie Ward and his son Todd.

"Oh yes, we've met." said Todd. He went forward and gave the blonde a warm hug.

"It's good to see you again, Todd." Cherie said, now that Todd had acknowledged her. "You look better than ever."

"So do you." said Todd, then remember his manners. He introduced his wife Jeanine, and Michael introduced Cherie and Nicole.

"Uh, Dad, where is Betty?" Todd asked, looking around.

"All in due time." said Michael. "Let's have a drink before dinner."

"Not too much for Jeanine." said Todd mischievously.

"Oh?" said Michael, whirling around.

"Todd!" Jeanine cried out. "You just cannot keep a secret, can you?" As Todd grinned like a troublesome schoolboy, Jeanine turned to Michael and said "That's what we came up here to tell you, Michael: I'm pregnant."

"Oh, that's so wonderful!" Michael said, coming forward and warmly hugging his daughter-in-law. But Todd noticed a seemingly strange look cross his father's face, fleeting and only for a moment.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"So, Betty left for the West Coast. California." said Michael to Jeanine after dinner, as they looked out the window into the blackness of the winter night. They were in the glass-enclosed room that had once been an outdoor patio. Todd was sitting between the other two women on the sofa in the greatroom, facing a warm fireplace. Michael had refurbished this cabin, and it was simply but very luxuriously appointed throughout.

"She claimed to have family she was going to visit there." said Michael. "But that was the first I ever heard of her having family. Maybe she was expecting I would marry her after the divorce from Eleanor was final, and I have you to thank for that." Jeanine smiled as Michael continued "But she's out there now."

"What part of California did she go to?" Jeanine asked, looking at Michael, admiring her father-in-law's handsome face and impressive physique.

They had been stealing glances at each other all through dinner, Todd seemingly none the wiser as he kept the attention the other two woman. Jeanine could see where her husband got his good looks, and she felt her loins melting as she studied Michael and wondered how good in bed he was.

"Silicon Valley, I believe." said Michael. That turned a gear in Jeanine's mind.

"You didn't ever catch her going through your papers, did you?" the beautiful woman asked.

"She was my personal secretary for years, so of course she had access to all my papers." Michael responded. "Why do you ask?"

"Todd is always concerned about industrial espionage." Jeanine replied, not giving her full reasons. "I just wondered that, now that you're retired, she moved on to fresh pickings."

Michael look as if he were struck by the thought. "I... I seriously doubt Betty did anything like that while working for me." he said. "I'm pretty sure of it." Jeanine was watching the older man's handsome face, and wondered if for just a second she saw something in it... worry. Naah, I'm looking for what I want to see, not what's there, she thought to herself.

Michael partly misread her look at him, but he still made his gambit. "And you, Jeanine? You're looking more beautiful than ever."

"And you're looking even more handsome yourself, Michael." Jeanine replied. She stepped up to her father in law and slid her hands up his pectorals through his shirt. "You've been working out, keeping fit... verrry nice." She tilted her face up to him in offering.

Michael slid his hands around his daughter-in-law's slender waist and bent down to kiss Jeanine. Their lips slid together in a gentle kiss, then a deeper one. Their passions began to rise as they mashed their mouths together. Michael's tongue probed Jeanine's mouth, sliding practically into her throat, and Jeanine slid her tongue around his.

After a long moment, they broke the deep kiss and headed back to the greatroom. Michael headed for the door to the hallway as Jeanine paused to refill the wine glasses of Todd and the two women. They were cuddled on either side of Jeanine's young husband, their hands caressing his thighs, abs and toward his powerful chest. Jeanine knew that Todd would be well taken care of.

"Todd, your father is going to give me a tour of the house." Jeanine said, seemingly not in the least bothered by her husband carousing with these 'professional' ladies.

"Okay, babe, sure." Todd said, looking up at his wife, seeing the sparkle in her eyes. He watched as Jeanine left the room and joined his father in climbing the stairs, seeing the hot and steamy purpose in their eyes...

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Todd's tongue twined with the tall blonde woman Cherie's as they shared open mouth French kisses. The auburn-haired Nicole had Todd's pants unzipped and his huge cock out, and was sucking the young stud's massive member as deeply as she could. Todd enjoyed the sensations, but as he kissed Cherie and felt her body in his left arm, he knew what he wanted this night.

Breaking the kiss, he looked down as Nicole's head bobbed up and down as she fellated him. "Nicole..." he said quietly. She stopped sucking and looked up at him. "Tell you what, you can go ahead and go home. I'll make sure you get paid the full amount my dad promised you, but I'm not going to be able to handle both of you tonight."

"Okay." Nicole said dispassionately. If she had any disappointment about being asked to leave, she didn't show it. She was getting paid, in fact she already had been. She got up, gathered her purse, and a moment later Todd heard her car being cranked and leaving.

Meanwhile, Cherie had bent over and was now sucking Todd's cock, sliding her full, lipsticked lips up and down the long, thick shaft of his ten inch manhood. Todd let her suck him for several minutes, then her curiosity finally got the better of her.

"So, why did you send Nicole home?" she asked. "You can handle three or four women, if I remember correctly."

"I just want to hang out with you tonight, babe. Like for old times sakes." Todd replied. "Did my dad know that you and I knew each other when he hired you?"

"Not that I'm aware of. He didn't mention it." Cherie said. She resumed sucking the huge cock in front of her, reveling in its size and throbbing power. A moment later she asked "Shall we head up to bed?"

"Sure... I wonder where my dad and my wife have gone off to." Todd said. He stood up and put his cock back inside his pants, difficult as that procedure was. Arm-in-arm, they headed up the stairs.

The door to his father's bedroom was cracked a couple of inches, and they heard moans from inside. Ever curious, Todd went to the door and pushed it, and the door swung all the way open. Inside, and incredibly arousing sight greeted the young man and the tall, hot blonde.

Jeanine was lying naked on the bed, wearing only her high heel pumps. Her feet were high in the air, her legs spread wide open. Between those long, shapely legs lay her father-in-law Michael. He was naked, his aging but still very muscular body in a push-up position. His nine-inch cock was buried balls-deep inside his daughter-in-law's vagina, and their pelvises were pressed tightly together.

Todd saw the beginnings of a grin on Michael's face as he watched the older man grind his loins against Jeanine's, demonstrating his sexual prowess as well as his total sexual conquest of his son's wife. Michael and Jeanine did not stop the grinding undulations of their hips as their audience looked on.

"Your wife is an excellent houseguest, son." Michael said. "She knows how to thank a man for his hospitality." Todd heard the words, but was not looking at his father. His eyes were locked with his wife's.

"I'll see you in the morning, Todd." Jeanine said, something of a leering smile on her beautiful face, her eyes sparkling.

Todd grinned and leaned forward to grab the door handle and close the door. He took Cherie's taut waist in his strong arm and guided her to the guest bedroom.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Todd groaned as he pistoned his huge meat in and out of Cherie's deep wet cunt with short thrusts, sheathing his full length inside her before partially withdrawing and slamming forward again. Cherie was meeting him thrust for thrust, using her years of professional expertise as a prostitute to bring him maximum pleasure. But unlike the thousands of other men her pussy had pleasured, she allowed Todd to bring her the deep orgasms she craved but rarely had, and she had taken him bareback, the only man she'd allowed such an honor in many years.

She felt Todd's cock pulsing, knowing is release was building. "Do you need to come?" she asked, more of a throaty gasp than actual words.

"I'm close, baby... where do you want it, your mouth or your pussy?" Todd asked.

"My pussy." the beautiful blonde replied. "Come inside me." To emphasize her point. she wrapped her long, slender, strong legs around the young stud and held him tightly as he rode her hard. Todd fucked her furiously, and it was only seconds later that he gasped out and climbed her all the way.

"OH GOD, I'M COMING!" he yelled out as he sank his cock into her, bottoming out, and climaxed, the first huge spurt of semen blasting out of his man-cannon and deep into her pulsing pussy. More spurts coated her cervix as Todd emptied his huge balls into the writhing blonde beneath him until he was totally spent.

"Wow, that was a huge cum." Cherie said lovingly, impressed, as Todd fought to catch his breath. "If I didn't know better, I'd think you haven't had any pussy in a month."
