 I want to thank ginobear69 for his excellent help on editing this story. Thank you!

*****

They entered the elevator together, a rather slow express to the 25th floor. Every day it was the same thing, they got on together, she got off on 25 and he continued up to 27. They never spoke and rarely smiled. He was tall, 6’4”, with broad shoulders and a narrow waist. The suits he wore always looked good on him, as if tailor-made. He had jet-black hair and blue eyes and had recently grown a beard which only served to make him look more distinguished.

She was a knockout; he noticed it more and more every day, with her auburn hair and green eyes. She was 5’10”, slim, with a 36C breast, a tiny waist and flat stomach. She had worn a white silk blouse that was see-through with no bra. Not many women could bring that off but with her firm tight breasts, they were sticking straight out. She completed her outfit with a short red leather skirt and red spiked heels. She always dressed sexy; she liked the attention it got her. He wondered where she worked, but had never gotten the nerve to follow her.

As he got on the elevator this particular morning, something seemed different. There was something about her, but he couldn’t quite put his finger on it. There was an air of suppressed excitement that he’d never felt in the six months they’d shared the ride.

 They were alone in elevator when the doors closed. She turned toward him and smiled as she reached up and cupped her breasts with both hands, rubbing her nipples with her thumbs. She slid her hands down her firm, tight body to her hips and raised her tight leather skirt up to reveal her freshly shaven pussy, glistening with moisture. She moved toward him, but when he reached for her she shook her head no. She leaned forward and kissed him, her firm hard breasts pressed against his chest. Her hot wet tongue parted his lips and began exploring his mouth and teasing his tongue. 

She stepped back, her eyes locking with his and reached over and unbuttoned his jacket. Her hands moved to his black leather belt and slowly unbuckled it. She lowered his zipper slowly, never taking her eyes off of his. He was standing absolutely motionless, afraid if he moved she would stop.

The button of his suit pants opened easily to her touch, allowing his pants to slide down over his hips. He wore red silk boxers; she felt the material as she brushed her hand against his member. Her hand moved to the opening, reaching in, feeling the hardness of his sex. Her lips parted and the end of her tongue peeked out, her breathing quickened as she felt him growing in her hand.

As she sank to her knees, she puckered her lips, leaning forward to kiss the mushroom head of his fine shaft. Her hands wrapped around him as she tongued the slit at the tip, stroking him slowly. She traced the ridge of his mushroom shaped cock-head, her breath warm in the cold air conditioning.

She brushed his cock against her lips, her tongue coming out to lick the head. She smiled as she pushed her lips over him, pulling the head into her mouth. He leaned back against the wall of the elevator to steady himself. Her lips were tight, her mouth hot and wet. She leaned forward, sliding him deeper in, gliding past teeth and tongue, reaching for the cavern of her throat. She pressed her face against the silk of his boxers, taking him deep in her throat. He moaned as she held him there, sucking, coaxing. She began to move, slowly at first, sliding her lips along his prick, holding him tight, milking his cock.

As she moved her right hand up the leg of his boxers to hold his balls, he was thrusting his hips, forward and back, forcing himself deeper into her mouth and she met his every thrust. They were in a perfect rhythm, in and out, faster and harder with each thrust. His moans were louder, his breathing heavier, as his cock began to swell to maximum proportion. He knew he could not hold out much longer. As he pumped her face, he could feel the waves of ecstasy begin to overtake him. His cock was deep in her throat as he began to feel the juice moving from his balls, traveling through his magnificent cock, filling her. She swallowed with each spasm, not a drop escaped as she continued to suck him until he was dry. She pulled his pants up as she stood up, helping him to tuck his shirt in and fasten his belt.

The elevator doors opened and as she exited, she smiled at him over her shoulder. “Thank you,” she said, as the doors closed behind her. They were the only words ever spoken.