 Her name was Jennifer, and at thirty-six, she'd made enough money at the start-up she owned that she could retire, hand the reigns over to someone ambitious, and live off of the interest her money made sitting in some bank. She had the freedom to go anywhere, do anything and be whoever she wanted to be. 

But none of that mattered now.

She'd signed all of the documents after thoroughly reading them with the eye of a law school graduate who never bothered to take the bar exam. She'd filled out the questionnaire - and it had been lengthy - about every thing she was willing, and unwilling, to participate in. They'd taken photos, posing her both naked, dressed in different outfits, and in all kinds of lingerie, and posted them to the discreet, members-only website. She'd gone through the physical, started on the medications they'd required, and had her introductory sessions with a couple of the other girls who both showed her what she was in for, and introduced her to a delightful new world of being intimate with women. 

She had done everything required of her, hidden her name and personality away, and they had entered her into the system. That was a month ago. She was beginning to despair of any of this working out, but her handler had insisted that this was the way of things. They wouldn't choose her until they'd researched her profile a little bit, and talked themselves into it. 

She never thought she was that pretty before this venture. She'd been a swimmer in her youth, and had the slim, athletic build of a woman who'd spent her formative years exercising. Her breasts were small, barely a whole handful, her hips were slender, and her stomach was flat. Her legs were powerful, however, and strong, if not bulky, and she'd kept herself lean and toned as she'd begun to get older, with daily workouts. She had also discovered yoga in her thirties, and had molded herself into someone quite flexible. She believed it was this, more than the crystalline blue of her eyes that had made them choose her moniker. 

Now, as she sat in the salon chair, letting the handler put up her long brunette hair in an elegant, if slightly messy bun, she stared at herself in the mirror and reached up to touch the black collar that hung at her throat. On it dangled a large blue stone that was dull and a little misshapen. It almost matched her eyes, and represented the element they'd given to her: water. 

"Are you nervous?" the handler asked.

She looked up to meet the older woman's gaze in the mirror and gave her a little smile. "No," she said honestly. 

"Well, you're ready," the handler said, helping her stand. She gave herself one more look in the mirror and hoped she looked pretty enough to whomever was waiting to meet her. If this worked out, he would rent her services through the company, and she would go and live with him for however long he wanted her. She didn't know who he was, and honestly, that was part of the excitement. "Remember, you can stop the proceedings at any time using your safe word. You aren't being recorded, but someone will be listening. All right?"

She nodded. "Thank you," she said softly, wondering if this would be the last time she saw the woman. She leaned in and kissed her cheek softly, then headed out of the room. 

It was a bit of a long walk through the winding hallways to the Roman bathhouse. It was technically in a completely different building but there was no way to tell by the path she had to take to get there. Once she was inside, she let herself breathe in the humid, lightly perfumed air. The water in the bath was heated, she knew, and flower petals of some kind floated on its surface. She took a moment to remember her instructions, and then she undressed. 

Somewhere, he was watching. They had told her that much. He'd requested a viewing first, in which the client could take a look at her body and see the way she moved before he entered the room. She'd never been in the baths before, so she wasn't sure where the hidden compartment was, but she felt like she could sense his gaze on her. She took her time in peeling off the silken robe and walked towards the edge of the bath before she began to remove the azure bra and panties set. She tried to move as if she were doing yoga, with the grace and patience she'd learned over years of training. And once she was nude save for the thin collar, she turned around in a slow, deliberate circle to retrieve the dark navy blindfold resting on the bench beside the bath. 

Any nerves that were lingering in her belly dissipated as she tied the blindfold across her eyes. Something about the anonymity of the moment made her feel more confident. She wouldn't know what was coming, so what was the point of trying to hide from it? And once she could no longer see, she reached for the guide rail and slowly stepped down into the warm, scented water. 

It was unintentional, but a soft, pleased moan left her lips as the water surrounded her naked flesh. It felt so utterly wonderful against her skin and she moved to the center of the pool, sinking down until the water curled around her up to her throat. She was so enwrapped in the sensation that she didn't hear the door open, or the sound of clothing hitting the tile floor. And she tried, very hard, not to seem startled when the man's voice met her ears. 

"Loire."

She stopped still in the water and swallowed, turning toward the sound of the name they had given her. "Yes, sir?" she said demurely. 

"That is the name of a river in France, isn't it?" he asked. He was American, or perhaps Canadian, without a single hint of an accent. And his voice was rich, but without any arrogance or theater to it. This was a man who didn't feel any need to pretend.  

"Yes, sir."

There was mostly silence for a long stretch of minutes, but she could hear him stepping down into the water, little ripples making soft sounds as he came towards her. When he spoke again, he was close behind her, and the sound of his voice so near sent shivers down her spine. "You are very lovely," he said, almost whispering. 

"I'm happy to please you, sir," she said, though her voice quivered just a little bit. 

"If this day ends well, you won't call me 'sir' ever again," he said, though there was no malice in his words. Clearly he didn't enjoy the moniker, but he understood it was what she was told to do. 

"Yes, sir." 

"Turn around, and stand up." There was more command in his voice then, and she immediately complied. She felt the water slide down over her breasts, teasing the already-erect nipples. She drew her teeth over her lower lip to stifle another sound, and slowly turned around. 

There was silence again, and she knew he was looking at what he could see of her body, or perhaps scrutinizing her face. The expanse of time made parts of her begin to ache in anticipation. Then she felt his hand on her jaw, cupping it and lifting her chin. When he pulled it away, he did so by dragging his fingers along the line of her jaw, and across her lips. His hands weren't soft, but neither were they particularly calloused, as if he worked with his hands, but only sometimes. She smelled his scent then, too, as his wrist passed close to her nose. He wore cologne, but it was a light scent, and there was something beneath it that she couldn't quite place, something like car oil, or wood smoke, or both. 

From her lips, he dragged his fingers down over her chin and throat. He paused there, tracing the line of her collar and the bauble it held, then he continued to explore. His other hand joined the first, and he stroked his fingers down over both breasts, fingertips slowly circling the nipples. She let out a soft whimper as her body reacted to his touch. He cupped both breasts then, squeezing, as if testing the size of them. She fought back an urge to apologize for not being very well endowed, but she was only supposed to speak when spoken to, and he still had yet to say another word. 

From her breasts, his hands slid forward, palms flat over her ribs and then across her back. He pulled her in closer to him as his hands explored southward, cupping her ass and giving that a firm squeeze as well. She could feel his cock press against her belly, and took some pleasure in the sensation of it being half-hard already. 

"It is important to me that I have complete control, do you understand?" he asked her, his lips so close to her ear that they brushed the lobe as he spoke. 

"Yes, sir."

"But I don't want to have to tell you everything," he continued. "Eventually you will be expected to learn and anticipate what I want and need. Do you think you can do that?"

She hesitated. She'd never once had a relationship that lasted longer than six months at the most, but she did believe in her ability to read people. And if he was the only person she would have to try to figure out, she felt like she could do it. "Yes, sir."

"Good girl. Come with me," he said, drawing away from her and taking hold of her wrist with one hand. He began to move, walking through the water towards the submerged seats on the edge of the pool. He let go of her hand, and she felt him sink a little into the water, sitting down, she figured. "Turn around and sit down." 

She did as he asked and was surprised to find herself sitting in his lap. His chest was broad, but leanly muscled, and she could feel just a little chest hair pressing against her back. Without even thinking, she spread her thighs and rested her legs on the outside of his legs, spreading herself wide open for him. 

"Mmm, you are a good girl," he murmured against her ear, and she felt herself swell with pride that already she had anticipated what he wanted. "I'm going to make you feel good now," he whispered against her ear. "And I want only real reactions from you. You don't have to be quiet, but you don't have to put on a show, either. Do you understand?"

"Yes, sir," she said, but her words were breathy as she felt his fingers already sliding along her slit. In this position, there was not a part of her that he didn't have access to, and she felt utterly vulnerable. His teeth caught her earlobe, and he tugged on it as his fingers pushed forward, two of them immediately sinking deep into her. 

She gasped both in surprise and pleasure, as his fingers began to rock back and forth without really pulling out. "Already so wet," he breathed against her ear. "Such a good girl." Again, she felt herself ache with pride, enjoying the way he praised her. But it was not enough, and she pressed herself against his fingers. She felt his laughter making his chest move more than she heard it, and his other hand joined the first, two fingers finding her clit beneath the water. 

She leaned her head back and let out a soft moan as his fingers expertly worked her. His lips attached themselves to her throat and he began to kiss and nibble the flesh there. She could just barely hear his breath quicken over the sounds of her own moans as his fingers began to take her in earnest, drawing back only to thrust in again and again and again. The fingers working her clit made the pleasure almost sharp, and she let out a scratchy little cry as her pleasure spiked, crested, and crashed, flooding his fingers and making her whole body jerk and writhe. 

She was still panting from the force of her orgasm when he drew his fingers away from her. "Stand up," he said, though his voice was thick with lust. "Turn around and climb up onto the bench." 

She wasn't entirely sure she trusted her legs, but she did not protest. She slid off of his lap, feeling his now-hard cock brush against her slit as she did, making her shiver. She turned around, and though it was slightly awkward to do without seeing, she managed to climb up onto the bench, one foot planted on either side of his thighs. She felt his hands come up and cup her ass, drawing her close, his breath flooding over her wet sex and making her shiver again. 

Standing like that was its own kind of torture. She wasn't allowed to touch him unless he told her to, but her hands itched with the urge to slide her fingers into his hair. He had a bit of a beard, she knew that much from the way his lips had touched her skin, but she wanted to use her hands to feel what he looked like. She refrained, because that was what was expected of her, but only just. What helped, however, was the way his tongue slid forward over her wet lips, tasting her pleasure that still lingered there. She clenched her hands into fists to keep from touching him as he began to lap at her folds, letting out a soft groan at the way she tasted. He was so-far quite pleased with his test drive.

He stayed that way for quite a long time, letting his tongue and lips explore her. Both hands gripped her ass and she felt his pinky finger tease and prod at her hole. She began to whimper, especially when he sucked at her clit and let his tongue flick back and forth over the tormented little nub of flesh. When he finally had his fill and drew back, she was trembling with want again. 

Instead of commanding her this time, however, he reached up and gripped her hips, helping her down into the water once more. He guided her to sit beside him, but gave no further instruction. She assumed this was a test, and hiding her hesitation, she reached out to circle his cock with his fingers. He gave a soft groan of approval and she began to stroke him slowly. "If I take you home with me today," he said his voice thick and a little rough. "Will you be an obedient girl?" he asked. 

"Yes, sir."

"Will you be... ah... willing to do whatever I want you to do?" he asked, sounding as if the way her hand moved over his cock made it difficult to talk. "Under... the parameters of... what you've already agreed to, of course. God," he hissed, and she felt him shiver. His cock was nicely shaped, and long, and she shifted slightly to the side to wrap her other hand around him as well, stroking him in tandem. 

"Yes, sir."

"Even if I want to share you with the whole neighborhood?" he asked, though the words stuttered and broke a little. His hand came up to cup the back of her head and slide into her hair. 

She suppressed a whimper and nodded. He was only confirming the answers she'd put down in the questionnaire. "Yes, sir."

He used the grip in her hair to draw her closer to his face, and he kissed her roughly, his tongue tasting her thoroughly. "You will live with me, and you will be mine and you will belong to no one else," he asked, though it came out more of a growled statement. 

"Yes, sir," she moaned, practically panting against his lips. Her hand moved, sliding down to cup his balls and the sound he let out in reaction to this was like honeyed velvet. 

"And you... will be... oh fuck... available to me whenever I want to fuck you... or... taste you... or cum all over you?" he panted, starting to thrust against her hands then, and she knew he was close. 

"Yes," she gasped, shuddering hard. The ideas he was putting into her head, and the way he was reacting to her, was bringing her close to another orgasm, all without help from him. "Yes, god, yes... sir..." 

He groaned again, deeper this time, and she felt his cock begin to twitch and pulse against her palm. His balls tightened and he began to cum, shuddering hard, his grip tight in her hair. She continued to stroke him and massage his balls until his breathing shifted and he slumped beside her. In an intimate move she wasn't expecting, he leaned his head in against her shoulder, panting against her throat as his grip slackened in her hair. She still could not see him, but the moment felt so tender that she found herself melting. She released his cock and reached up to cup his jaw despite her orders not to touch him. 

"Good girl," he panted, obviously pleased with the touch. "My good girl," he added, and she had to suppress another whimper. She had no idea what he looked like, but in that moment she did not care. She wanted to be his more than anything she'd ever wanted before. 

They stayed like that for a long while and he wrapped his arms around her, petting her back gently. Without moving his head too much, he placed soft kisses against her skin. Eventually, he drew back and sat up, his breathing back to normal. "Go and dry off. Get dressed and collect your things. I will sign the paperwork and collect you." 

Loire swallowed around a sudden lump in her throat and nodded. He was telling her that he was going to sign the documents, pay the fees and purchase her from the company. She was going to be his. She stood, though her limbs were still shaky, and stood in front of him for a moment. "Thank you," she said without adding the moniker that he'd asked her to drop if this day went well. She couldn't see his face, but she could almost feel him smile. 

Without another word, she found her way to the steps of the pool and climbed out. She had to take her blindfold off to find her clothes and the door, but she didn't dare look back at him, not yet. 

Back in the dressing room, she took her time drying off. She was told that the paperwork would take a bit of time, and she wanted to make sure she looked her best for him. She dressed in the outfit she'd purchased for just this moment: a pair of high-wasted slacks in soft blue denim with buttons along the front panel that emphasized her slim waist, and an asymmetrical, high necked, royal blue sweater that would hide the collar from the rest of the world. The outfit made her feel sexy, without revealing any flesh. She was meant to look like his partner, not his sex toy. She paired this with a pair of white high heels and combed out her lush brown hair until it fell in waves around her shoulders. She packed her purse with her real ID, her phone, and a few toiletries that would hold her over until he purchased new things for her. Then she settled down to wait.

It only took another twenty minutes before a knock sounded at the door and she stepped up to answer it. She felt herself hesitate just a moment, then swallowed. This was it. She was about to see the man who would own her for the foreseeable future. She was excited and nervous all at once. "Don't keep me waiting," he said, and though his voice was muffled, she didn't hear any malice there. Finally, she opened the door.

The man standing behind the door was the definition of tall, dark and handsome. He had rugged features that were only slightly obscured by a dark beard and long, dark hair that hung in loose, careless waves to his jaw. His eyes were dark, too, a brown so deep it looked almost black, and as he crossed his arms to scrutinize her, she could see the build of a fit man beneath the black Henley and suit jacket he wore with his jeans. 

"Do I please you?" she asked, proving that she understood the "only speak when spoken to" rule no longer applied. 

He looked up at her face with the expression of man in total awe of a woman's beauty and lifted his hand to cup her jaw again. "You'll do," he purred, kissing her softly. "We need to go now. The plane is waiting." 

She nodded and followed him out of the room and the mansion that comprised the company's headquarters. They drove to the airport in silence, but once ensconced on his private jet, he made her remove her shirt and made a noise of surprise that she wore no bra. He instructed her to kneel in front of him, and he reached out to unhook the collar the company had given her. From a black velvet box, he pulled out an elegant silver necklace, and dangling from the chain was a stone that looked like a droplet of water, reflecting light as if it glowed. He hooked the necklace around her neck and clicked it into place. The little stone hung just beneath her collarbone. "You will wear this at all times, unless swimming or showering, until I tell you to take it off, do you understand?"
