 Awakening to the sound of the alarm next to the bed, I realize that I must go into city today. Having a job interview with this big company. 

Nervously, I think about my endeavor for the day. I had heard that the boss is really stern and strict. That everything must be exactly right, or you will reprimanded. Not even sure that I want to work for such a strict boss, but knowing that I need the job. 

I look around to find something suitable to wear. Finally after almost an hour of searching, I find a blue tailored dress. Along with its collar jacket top that crosses the front in a V. Fitted at the waist, and smooth over the hips, the hem is just below my upper thighs. 

Placing the dress against me, "Not to conservative, not to provocative, this will work."

Getting dressed thinking how badly I need this job. Then remembering what I have heard about the boss. Worried, that I may not get the job to begin with. Knowing well that being a secretary I can do, and since there are no other jobs available… I thought I would give it a shot. 

And so, I begin my journey to the city. Not sure of where I am to go. I haven't been in this town for long. Finally I find it the building. 

Parking my car in the basement garage. Walking to the elevator, pressing the arrow going up. Wouldn't you know that the boss's office would be on the top floor. This scares me in itself, since I am afraid of heights.

Nervously, I stand there waiting for the elevator to open, adjusting my outfit with my now damp hands. Finally the elevator light goes on, as the doors open and I enter. As the doors are about ready to close, I hear, "Hold that elevator." 

Holding the button to keep the elevator door from shutting, I see this gorgeous figure of a man. Breathing heavy, from having to sprint across the basement into the awaiting elevator. 

Standing in his blue tailored suit, breathless with a radiant smile "Thanks, I was afraid I had missed it." 

Grinning I ask, "What floor please?" 

"Fifteenth."

Thinking to myself, he must be one of the administrators. Only the higher ups are on that floor. Too bad he isn't the boss, my mind wanders with a grin on my lips. 

The elevator begins to move, glancing at you, I see that you are looking at me as well. We both smile. It seems that your smile, is so intoxicating so inviting, that it takes my breath away. 

Suddenly the elevator stops. We wait for the doors to open, seconds pass, turning into minutes, and the door doesn't open. 

I turn to you wearily, "I think we are stuck!" 

Opening the small door that reads emergency as you lift the phone, waiting for maintenance to pick up their end. "Hello, this John Patrick. I am in elevator number 5, I think that we have a problem." explaining that the elevator is stuck between floors. As you hang up the service phone, you turn to me and smile. Telling me that they are "Experiencing some difficulties," that this elevator was suppose to be shut down last night but, for some reason the maintenance guy didn't do it. That the service operator said, "That it could be hours before it will be in running order again." 

Thinking to myself. What am I going to do? I have a job interview with the top man of this company. I really need this job, and I can't get to it! Someone will be interviewed in my place. 

You see the look of worry cross my face, as you try to make me feel at ease. Introducing yourself,"Hi, I'm John Patrick." 

With a smile I say, "I overheard." Holding out my hand, "Hi, my name is Leah Barrett, pleased to meet you." You reach out to my hand, I feel the strength in your touch and it sends chills throughout my body. Thinking to myself, Leah, get a grip. How can this man, with his gorgeous body and face touch you once, and your body react this way? I laugh to myself. 

You ask me, about myself, trying to make me feel at ease, as I begin to tell you that I am a single woman that has recently been divorced. That I have just moved to this city, trying to find a job so that I can make it on my own. 

You begin to tell me that you have lived here all your life and that you have been with this company, "For ages," as you put it. That you felt this company was one of the best to work for. 

Smiling I think back to what people had told me about the tyrant of a boss. How this man didn't appear in the slightest, to be anything like what had been described of the top man of this company. That's when I realized this man could not be the CEO of the company. 

Time seemed to be at a stand still with no indication that the elevator was being fixed. That worried look crosses my face again and you move closer to me, my head tilted down looking at the floor as the insecurities begin to set in. 

Closer you move to me, slowly, not to frighten me, but to comfort me. Placing your fingers to my jaw line, while you move my head upward so that my eyes are looking into yours. 

Tears begin to well up in my eyes, as you look at me with tenderness and whisper, "Everything will be ok." With a smile you ask, "Are you afraid to be in this elevator, or is it something else?" Your soothing way, eases my nerves, and I begin to relax some. 

I exclaim, "I am ok, just a little insecure sometimes about myself, and my abilities. That I will be fine." I thank you for your concern. 

With a brilliant smile," Ma'am I don't know who has filled your head with such lies but you seem quiet capable of doing whatever it is that you set out to do." 

I agree and apologize for my little episode of insecurity. 

We begin to talk about our homes, families, the weather, just small conversation, but in my mind I keep feeling your fingers on my jaw line, the electricity that filled my body at that moment. I smile to myself, as you look at me, with a kind of amazement. 

"Oh, I am sorry I didn't hear you. What is it you said?" 

With a chuckle, "Yeah I can see that, you seemed to be a million miles away." 

Again I smile and say, "No sir, not quiet a million miles away. On the contrary I was right here in this elevator." This look of bewilderment crosses upon your face. I grin. 

You whisper,"Penny for your thoughts." 

Walking toward you, moving my body next to yours. "Do you really want to know what my thoughts are?" 

With a devilish grin, your hands comes up to my chin, placing your hands on my neck as I unbutton your jacket, placing my hands to the sides of your waist. We gaze into each others eyes, as I whisper, "I have always had a fantasy of making love to a gorgeous man like yourself in and elevator."

Your grin becomes a chuckle; "I have had that same fantasy, with a beautiful woman like yourself." 

Pressing your lips to mine, as you push your tongue into my mouth, probing deep into my throat. Our breathes work together, you breath out as I breath in your sexual essence. 

My hands move downward to your trousers as I undo the belt, and unsnap the opening to your love shaft. Placing my hands into your pants, my fingers reach around your huge thickness, wrapping my warm hand around it. I begin to stroke your hardness, with such a firm grip. Moving slowly up and down, making sure to feel all of your glorious rigid cock. The pulsating deep inside building, while my soft hand slides up and down on you. 

Your hands move downward to the opening of my dress, you unbutton the top button exposing the detail of my white lace bra sitting upon my breasts, you move the bra as your hand slips in feeling the suppleness of my warm rounded mounds. Your fingers begin to roll my now very erect nipple. 

A moan escapes my lips as we kiss. Your other hand moves to my arse. Pulling up the back of my dress above my arse, while you begin to caress my cheeks with your strong hands. Feeling the thong of the white lace panties, between my tight cheeks. 

My wetness builds as I feel your hands explore my body, and I continue to stroke your erect manhood with my hand. Moving my warm soft palm up and down, with firmness in my touch, the softness of my hand against your hardness excites you even more. 

Moving your hand, forward from my butt to the front of my love nest. Feeling the white lace panties, moving your finger over the silky lace while you stroke my swollen clit. Slowly, as your hand moves downward to the opening of my love nest, feeling the wetness and heat from my juices. 

You move your hand downward lifting one of my legs at the knee, as your other hand holds on to my opposite shoulder. 

I take your gorgeous hardness, with one hand, and moving my white lace panties to the side, place your cock to the opening of my glistening lips. The feel of your huge head against my warm nectar, as you push in me hard, taking my breathe away. 

My head goes back and I exhale in pleasure. Feeling your entire cock thrust deep inside my being. The walls of my honey-pot gripping your thickness, as your huge cock pushes into me, sucking you deeper into me, while stretching my opening wide. Holding my leg up, you move your hips back and forth. Driving your cock deeper inside me. Your hardness slides in and out of me, pushing harder and harder with each thrust. The pleasure in your face drives me wild, with passion. My body reacts to you as the walls of my love nest tighten around you and my juices surround you completely. Harder with each stroke you push into me, holding my leg high, so that you bury your full length within me. Harder, and harder, as you push deeper and deeper within me, moving in and out of me, harder, deeper, in and out, until the throbbing of my clit can no longer take it. 

"Oh John, I am going to cum!" I exclaim. I begin to explode over you. Your body reacts to my explosion.

"Oh yes Leah, take all of me!" You push hard into me. Driving your cock deep into my hot wetness. Pushing me hard against the elevator wall.

"Oh yes I am cumming!! Cum for me John, let me feel your hot cum hit deep inside me!"

Breathlessly, "Yes! I am going to cum too!" 

At that moment we feel movement in the elevator. It's fixed and the doors are ready to open, you reach to press the STOP button. Just in time! 

Hearing voices just above us, as we continue to stroke each other with our bodies, harder, deeper, as you push in and out of me, as your throbbing begins to explode, with mine.

"Yes John, cum for me!"

Harder you thrust into me, as moans of pleasure escape our lips. Feeling the heat of your juices hitting so deep inside of me. My body takes every drop of you as you push one last time into me. The walls of my hot honey –pot, sucking you deep inside me, with the spasms of my ecstasy. Kissing as our tongues caress each others. 

You release my leg, as I fix my suit. Smiling at you, as you fix yourself, straightening yourself up. 

Looking at me, you smile, "You ready for this?" With a giggle I reply, "As ready as I will ever be!" 

You press the button to start the elevator up again. Within a couple seconds the doors open and we both step out. Ignoring all the people standing around. Our lips laced with smiles, as we hear the muttled whispered voices behind us. 

We both begin walking in the same direction as we reach the door that says CEO. Thinking, my god, this man will go in there and tell the boss what we just did. The nervousness, and worry grows once again. 

You open the door, to the CEO's office and look at me, motioning for me to go in. I walk in slowly, not quite sure what to say or do. 

Seeing a desk, sitting next to another door. You walk around the desk to the adjoining door. I stand there, waiting for someone to come out an assist me. 

Soon you walk back to this outer office. Seeing me standing there, you smile and say, "I am sorry for the inconvenience but, my secretary quit last week without notice and I had to get the paper work and application of my next perspective new secretary... let me see she is running just a tad bit late... I wonder why? Hummm lets see what her name could be? Oh, there it is Leah Barrett. What a coincidence!" With a huge smile, "Hi my name is John Patrick, CEO of the company, and your next employer." 

What a way to meet your boss!