 You're alone in the elevator when I enter. At this late hour of the day, we are only two of very few left in the building. The building being watched only by a lone lazy overweight security guard, who would only leave his desk for the promise of a fresh doughnut.

Knowing this, I look in your eyes as I press the emergency stop button. Knowing what's about to happen, you feel the heat building between your thighs, your breath gets shallow and rapid. I sense your excitement as I move close. Touching the side of your face lightly with the backs of my fingers. Lightly brushing aside stray strands of hair. Moving closer I kiss you deeply parting your lips with my tongue. My arm slides around your waist, my hand in the small of your back, I pull you in close. I feel you almost melt in my arms.

I press you against the back wall of the elevator and continue kissing you deeply, teasing your tongue with mine. My hands move up your sides, up your arms to your shoulders. My left hand around the back of your head, fingers tangling in your hair, pulling you deeper into the kiss. My right hand gliding lightly down to your chest. I feel your nipple harden against the palm of my hand, gently I cup and squeeze your breast. Your body shudders a little and a small moan escapes our kiss. 

Slowly my hand descends until reaching the front of your skirt. Slipping under your skirt, my hand moves up the inside of your thigh, lightly caressing your skin. Moving up to your center, slowly slipping inside your panties. My fingers parting your folds in search of your opening. Feeling your moist heat, my finger slowly slips inside you. Your hips push forward wanting me deeper in you. Sliding deeper in, your breathing changes, getting deeper mixed with moans of pleasure. Slowly I sink to my knees in front of you, my mouth lightly biting your nipple, through your blouse, on my decent to my target. Both hands under your skirt, slowly pulling your panties down over your thighs until you finally step out of them. They are immediately stowed away in your purse. 

Kissing my way up the inside of your thighs, you slowly spread your legs in anticipation of what is to come. My tongue running lightly over your folds, finding your opening it plunges deep inside you. Your hands gripping my head, you pull me in trying to get me deeper as another moan escapes your lips. Pulling back, I find your clit and begin encircling it with my tongue before plunging deeply into you once again. I feel your legs shaking, I know you are close. 

Slowly standing up, almost climbing your body, I kiss you deeply, allowing you to taste yourself on my lips. Slowly I turn you in my arms, until you are facing the mirrored back wall of the elevator. Slowly lifting your skirt over your hips, exposing your glorious ass. Freeing my erect, now hard self from my pants, I slide it between your thighs. You spread your legs and back into me. Running the head lightly over your hot wet opening, you push back almost begging me to enter you. 

Pushing inside you, deeper with every thrust, you whisper "oh god yes, fuck me ." Thrusting faster and deeper into you, I can feel you're on the edge. You're almost screaming with delight, pushing back hard into me. I feel you tense and stop for a moment, you almost collapse. You cum so hard your breathing almost stops, your body freezes momentarily. I feel your juices trickle down the sides of my shaft. 

As I pull out of you, my mouth behind your ear, I whisper "I want your mouth ." Without hesitation you turn in my arms, kiss me deeply while turning us both so my back is against the elevator wall. Slowly you begin a decent down my body until you are kneeling in front of me. With your hands on my hips, you slide your right hand over and grasp my shaft. 

Looking up at me, Your tongue encircles the head, tasting yourself on me, you smile. Taking the head inside your mouth, teasing it with your tongue. Feeling your tongue touching me sends shivers of pleasure through my body. Slowly pumping my shaft while you tease the head with your tongue. Taking me deep in your mouth, you slide your other hand down, touching yourself, sliding your own fingers inside your sex. 

Taking me deeper into your mouth and pulling back, running your tongue up the back of my shaft, sending waves of pleasure through me. Your fingers working your opening furiously. You take me as deep as you can, feeling my shaft start to swell you know I am so close and begin to work me faster. You feel your own orgasm building, driving your fingers deeper and faster. You begin lightly pinching and rubbing your clit with your other hand, now working my shaft with only your mouth. Lightly raking your teeth over the top of my shaft. Pressing your tongue against the back of it as you pull back and drive your mouth back down on me. My legs shake as jet after jet of my juices hit the back of your throat and fill your mouth. Swallowing hard to keep up, you feel your own orgasm growing. Getting so intense ... You cum hard. 

Both of us recovering, you manage to stand and kiss me deeply. Pulling your hand up, I suck the juices from your fingers, I love how you taste. 

We get ourselves straitened out, cloths all in order and re-start the elevator. Reaching the lobby, the doors open to six firefighters standing there looking puzzled. Guess the guard wasn't so lazy after all.