 I push the up button and await the elevator. You walk up quietly behind me and stop just close enough to let me feel a gust of warm breath upon my shoulder. Your lips softly press against my neck and you slowly work your way up to my ear. You breathe gently into my ear as your lips caress my earlobe. A shiver runs down my body as I feel your hands grab my hips and pull me tight against you. DING. The doors open. 

   You guide me into the elevator and as the doors shut, you spin me and push me against the wall. You push floor 13. I cannot free my wrists from your solid grasp as you lift my arms up over my head. I am pinned against the wall with your strong chest as you let your tongue explore down my neck and even lower down my chest. You pause for a moment, as though contemplating your next move and without hesitation, proceed to remove my fitted tank-top in one swift motion. A cool rush of air passes across the delicate fabric over my nipples making them stand at full attention, begging to be touched. As you continue holding my wrists over my head with one of your hands, you smoothly unhook my bra with your other. Another swift motion and the bra is on the floor next to the shirt. The elevator doors close. 

You pull me close to you and run your fingers through my hair. Your eyes look deep into mine with such an intense desire that it sends as shiver through me. You lean in and forcefully push your soft lips against mine. I struggle a bit, but you hold me tighter, preventing me from breaking the seal between us. You part your lips and let your tongue slide over my lips. I part my lips a bit as well. Your kiss is deep and strong and I sigh a quite "Oh" as the intensity increases. Realizing that I am enjoying your naughty advances, you release the grip on my wrists and let me drop my hands onto your shoulders. You start to kiss my cheek, and continue down the length of my neck, kissing, sucking, and nibbling a bit.

I gasp in shock as you suddenly run your tongue around my nipple while gently caressing my other breast. You alternate between my breasts, nibbling and sucking on each nipple in order to give each one equal attention. I try objecting to this outright violation, but all that comes out of my mouth is a soft moan. You feel my body start to relax into yours.  Your hands slide their way down the soft curve of my waist and over my hips. You run your fingers down my waist, over my hips, and all the way down to my feet. Then you slowly start to come back up on the inside of my legs.

I am left speechless as you reach my knees, and push my skirt up around my waist. You kneel down before me and grab onto both straps of my black sheer thong. Before I can object, even if I wanted to, they are on the ground around my ankles. You gently force my right leg out of the underwear, causing me to spread myself before you.  My heart starts racing as the elevator comes to a stop and the doors open. You turn to look up. Luckily, nobody is there and after a brief pause, the elevator doors shut again. 

"Close one, don't you think?" You ask in a sinister tone. "A bit too close for comfort in my opinion" I reply as I exhale the breath that I had been holding. "Now, where was I?" You grin. "Oh yes, I believe I was right around here."

You slowly run your fingertips through the small strip of hair that has just become exposed. I close my eyes and take a deep breath. I feel your fingertips work their way down, gently caressing my soft outer lips. You rub all the way down my slit and slowly come back up, probing deeper into my folds. A shudder runs through my body as you slowly insert your finger into the entrance of my soft, tight pussy.

"Glad to know you're having a good time," you smirk as you feel how wet I am.  You gently push your finger all the way into me and I let out another soft moan. It feels so good when you start moving your finger slowly in and out of me, making me wetter with every smooth stroke. All of as sudden, I feel your hot breath near me. And before I can open my eyes to look down, I feel your tongue slide gently across my mound. You are at my clit in an instant. Your steady motions make my hips rotate with every lick. I am in ecstasy. 

My breathing speeds up, my face is now flushed, and I can barely hold myself up. You feel me getting weak at the knees and help me by lifting my left leg onto the railing which is circumventing the elevator. I lean against it to steady myself as well. You don't waste a moment. With my legs spread wide before you, you take full advantage of your position. I am soaking wet right now as you thrust two fingers deep into my pussy. With my clit fully exposed, you continue to lick it faster and faster. My nipples start to ache as a wave of pleasure builds from my toes and ripples through my entire body. "Oh fuck, baby don't stop," I manage to stay. As you continue thrusting your fingers deep into me, you use your other hand to rub my clit. Teasing it roughly back and forth sends me over the edge. 

My body, hot and sweaty, starts contracting in waves of unbelievable pleasure. I loose control and scream out with intense desire, "Oh my god…yes, yes, yes, please don't stop, oh my…yes, yes." You hold on and continue frantically rubbing my swollen clit as my body convulses against you. I grasp your shoulders harder. The waves of pleasure continue one after another after another. With a final shiver, I fall into your arms.    

"That was incredible," I manage to say as I start to catch my breath and recover. You help lift me to my feet. A drop of sweat slowly trickles from my face, down my neck, and deep into my cleavage.  "I'm glad to have given a helping hand," You say as you hold me and kiss me deeply. 

"I would love to return the favor," I say and smile devilishly as I drop to my knees. I reach for your belt buckle and effortlessly undo it and the underlying button. You lean back and smile in anticipation of what is about to come. I slowly un-zipper your jeans and smile as your engorged cock becomes visible through your tight boxer-briefs. I lick my lips seductively and free your massive erection. A bit of precum glistens at the tip and I decide not to waste a single drop. I slowly lick the tip of your cock, while gently grasping the shaft with my hand. You lean back against the wall and stroke my head gently, encouraging me to continue.

I run my tongue all the way up your shaft, taking care to take my time right around the rim. I close my lips around the head and take in more and more of your dick into my warm, moist mouth. You let out a soft groan and I know that you are enjoying the sensation. My tongue runs playfully all around the tip and I take more and more of your throbbing cock deep into my mouth. I use my free hand to caress your balls which tighten up a bit with every gentle touch. 

I begin to move my mouth rhythmically up and down, taking more and more of your cock into my mouth with every descent. "Oh fuck, baby that feels incredible," you whisper as your hard cock start to hit the back of my throat. I feel your tension rising, your body getting warm. I grab the base of your cock with my hand and move it up and down in steadily unison with my mouth. I pull off for a second and you moan in disappointment. Then I put my lips to the tip, spread them a bit and swiftly suck all the way down to the base, causing you to gasp in surprise. I continue sucking faster and faster, with just enough pressure to drive you wild but not over the edge. 

You feel yourself getting close to the point of no return, with a massive orgasm building from deep in your loins. You reluctantly push me away, not wanting to end the good time we're having. Then you pull me up off of my knees and push me against the wall. Your strength overpowers me as you lift me onto the railing. My legs spread on either side of you give you full access to my pussy. You rub your cock up and down my slit and pause right at the entrance. I moan in pleasure and writhe in eagerness of what is about to come. 

You gently insert your cock into my soaking wet cunt. "Holy shit," I moan as you stretch me more and more with every incoming inch. I start to feel dizzy. You can barely control yourself. We completely unite and hold each other tight as I wrap my legs around you. You look passionately into my eyes, both of our bodies filled with intense desire. You gently start to move in and out me. I close my eyes and tilt my head back against the wall. You kiss all over my neck and lick and caress my hard nipples, simultaneously rubbing my clit with your free hand.  "Oh my…ooooh, yeeeeaaas. Holy shit," I whisper. I run my nails roughly along you back as you plunge your cock all the way into me, causing a shock wave of pleasure to move through my body. 

"Oh yeah, just like that," I start to moan in ecstasy. You grab my tight ass and pull my body up onto yours. You thrust into me faster and faster, making my head spin and my body ache in all of the right places. I am drenched by now and your cock easily slides deeper and deeper into me. You pick up the pace, fucking me harder and harder. "Oh yeah, baby, you feel so fucking good" I scream out as another wave of pleasure starts deep in my cunt, flooding through my innermost crevasses. The combination of my wild moans and my pussy tightening around your cock brings you so close to the edge.

The tingling starts in your tightening balls and moves through your body with such intensity you almost loose your balance. "Oh yeah, fuck me harder, yes, yes, oh yeah, just like that," I scream and you loose all control. The wave of pleasure rocks your body fiercely, and you cum again and again deep into my shuddering pussy. I let out an intense scream of passion as another immense orgasm encompasses my whole body. We ride out the final moments of pleasure together before we both become completely spent and collapse onto the floor. We lay in each other's arms, exhausted, and beaming with satisfaction.