 My Junior year of college was a pretty good one. I was the great age of 21 finally; I could go out to any bar I wanted and drink all night long. I loved getting to know some sexy coeds and knowing that I could dance and grind with them all night and never see them again if I didn't want to. 

I guess I should get more into who I am. My name is George; I was 21 at the time of the following events happening. I went to a small college in New York State. I am about 6'2", dark brown hair, blue gray eyes, very athletic and tan, with a nice 9 inch dick for the ladies, and about 2 inches of girth. I have never had any complaints when it comes to women. 

The story though isn't about me; it is about how I turned a little freshman hottie Alexis into my own personal fuck toy. God she was hot, only 18, and so fresh. She was 5'5", blonde hair down to her shoulders, brown eyes, 34 B tits, unshaved pussy (for the first few times at least) and a tight little ass she loved to grind into guys on the dance floor. I met her through one of my friends kind of by mistake actually.

I met Alexis because my friends had pissed off her other freshman roommates, of which I got to know a lot better later but those stories are for later, but I went to apologize to Alexis's roommates and got to talking to them. They were all cool girls and I gave them all my screenname on AOL and they all talked to me quite often but there was just something about how Alexis talked to me. Alexis was quite the flirt, and every time I came online she was the first to give me a message. 

One day while we were talking she kept dropping hints she might want to come over and have some drinks with me and just chill out and watch some movies. So I told her I was free on Saturday and if she wanted to come over just let me know. Well Friday she told me that she was free Saturday and asked what time, I told her to come over at 8 so we had lots of time to hangout. Little did I know what events would occur that night. 

She came over at 8pm, I had to go downstairs to let her into my dorm and I was pretty amazed on how she looked. Her jeans were practically painted on, they were like a second skin, I could almost make out the thong from under her jeans. Then her shirt was just some tight long sleeve t-shirt and you could just make out her black bra under it. She looked hot and ready for action. I felt kind of bad since all I had on was jeans, boxers, and a t-shirt, I was so underdressed. 

We walked up to my room and as soon as we got inside she wanted to have a drink so I made her a long island ice tea. Then she suggested we put on my Christmas lights and pop in a movie and chill out. So after I made myself a long island ice tea too I put on the lights and turned off the main lights and went and sat on my bed next to her. 

I slammed down my drink and was feeling pretty good and she drank hers very quickly too. Right after she was done she had to go to the bathroom so I showed her where it was and she went and while she was gone I made her a drink. While she was gone to the bathroom I noticed something. As she was walking down the hall she was having a tough time walking so I knew she must be pretty drunk. I had kind of guessed since she was such a small girl and hadn't really drunk that much before. 

Before she got back I checked my instant messager and her friends left a message hoping she would read it and not me, but it said" Have fun with him, we can't wait to hear how it is, he is really cute, enjoy and we want full details when you come home". When she got back we started the movie and she proceeded to drink her drink which I made a little stronger this time ;). This time though when I sat on the bed she sat right next to me, her shoulders were right next to mine.

Occasionally she would lean over and say something to me, but I never really paid much attention to what she was saying. All I could concentrate on was the growing bulge in my pants. She was having quite the effect on me, all the flirting and having her here knowing she was drunk and wanted me was having an effect. 

After she was done with her drink she had to go to the bathroom again. She asked if she could just use the guy's bathroom around the corner instead of going all the way down the hall for the girl's bathroom. I didn't see any harm in it so I let her into one of the stalls and she went while I went in another, then we went back to my room. She wanted another drink so I made her some cranberry and vodka and she slammed that right down. She was clearly feeling no pain and she stumbled around my room. 

She decided she wanted to check and see who was online on AOL so she asked if she could use my computer, I said fine but before she could sit down on my chair I sat down. I told her if she wanted to sit down she would have to sit on my lap, and she agreed. By this time I was rock hard and her tight little ass on top of me felt so good.

She started talking to a few of her friends and I felt her rub her ass against my rock hard dick. I then started massaging her back and shoulders and all she could do was moan. She kept talking to her friends as I put my arm around her waist and started rubbing down her thighs and towards that denim clad pussy of hers. I proceeded to rub her pussy through her jeans and I could see it was obviously distracting her typing. While she wasn't talking to her friends she kept watching the stupid movie we put in and I decided to take action.

I put on my webcam and had it tape everything that was going on, little did I know how much this webcam would capture by the end of the next morning. She went back to typing as I noticed how hard her nipples were, they were poking through her shirt because it was cold in my room and how horny I thought she was getting. She said goodbye to her friends and said she wanted to lie down on the bed so we both got up and laid down on the bed. 

We continued to watch the movie as we were lying on the bed and she cuddled up in the front of me and we started to spoon a bit. She rubbed her night tight ass into my dick and kept looking over her shoulder at me. Eventually I got to the point I couldn't take it anymore so I tilted her to face me and I kissed her on her sweet lips. She hugged me and pressed her nice firm body into me and kissed me more passionately. She opened up her mouth and I slipped my tongue into her and she shot back with her tongue exploring the insides of my hot mouth. We kept making out for about 15 minutes and she suddenly stopped and said "it is getting very hot in here, how about we take some of these clothes off and get more comfortable." Well I was not one to disagree with a girl who wanted to get naked so we did.

I stripped off my jeans and t-shirt and boxers real quick and sat and watched her. She slipped off her skin tight jeans and her long sleeve t-shirt first. Then came her bra and I got to see her nice firm tits and her puffy pink nipples. Then she slipped off her lacey panties and I saw she was unshaved. I didn't think such a hot girl would have an unshaved pussy but like I said before we fixed that after a few meetings with each other. 

We got under the covers and as soon as we did she attacked me again with her sweet lips and tongue. We were making out and our hands were all over each other. I started to massage one of her big firm tits with my hand and her nipples were rock hard. I broke free of her kiss just long enough to start sucking on her tits and she was moaning so loudly. She kept moaning "GOD YES THAT FEELS GOOD!!!" 

I kept sucking on her nipples for a while and as I did I dipped my fingers into her hot tight pussy. I nibbled on one of her nipples as I slipped my middle finger into her wetness. When I got my whole finger into her pussy she let out a loud moan and bucked her hips and my hand was flooded with her pussy juices. 

After she had cummed I knew I wanted to taste that hot little pussy of hers before we got onto other fun things so I started to kiss down her body. I slowly kissed and licked my way down her stomach and to the tops of her thighs. Then down to the inside of her thighs and up towards her dripping wet pussy. I could see how anxious she was for me to start eating her out but I took my time to tease her. I started kissing the outside of her pussy and she kept grinding her pussy into my face wanting my tongue on her clit. 

Eventually she got so turned on she said "Get that tongue out and get it on my clit, I want to cum again before I get that big dick of yours inside of a few of my holes! " After that I couldn't tease her any longer so I started using my tongue on her clit. I licked and sucked on it for about 10 minutes before she started moaning "GOD yes, that's SOOOOOO GOOOOD, give me more you hot boy, I need your tongue, TONGUE FUCK ME! I am SOOOOOOOOOOO close to CUMMMMMMMING" 

I kept licking and my tongue was washed over with a wave of her sweet pussy nectar, I kept licking until I got every drop. I kept licking her after until she grabbed my arm and pulled me up to her face so she could kiss me and lick the excess of her juices off of my chin.

After I had eaten her pussy she decided to return the favor and made me go sit in my big leather computer chair. I sat down and she dropped to her knees and started kissing the end of my dick. She said "God this looks so good, you better be able to get it right up after you cum in my mouth. I can't wait to get this in my tight little pussy." She started kissing and licking the entire length of the shaft and sucking on the tip and underside of my dick. It felt incredibly good and I knew I wouldn't be able to hold out for long. 

She started playing with my cum filled balls and I started to lose it. I grabbed the back of her head and forced her down on my cock. She took my dick deep in her throat as I shot wave after wave of hot thick cum down her throat. After she greedily sucked up every drop she pulled her head off and started licking the excess cum off of my cock. That got me instantly hard again and I knew what was next. 

Alexis pushed me down on the bed and just starred at my big hard cock. She licked her lips and said" That tasted really good in my mouth and you really know how to use your tongue on my pussy. I really hope you know how to use that dick in my pussy because I need a good hard fuck"

She climbs on top of me and started rubbing her dripping wet pussy against my dick nice and slow teasing me. She slowly slid all 9 inches of my dick into her pussy and started moaning very loudly.

She started to ride my dick slow and deep and making sure she played with her clit as much as possible. She leaned in and I wrapped my lips around one of her rock hard nipples and sucked on it. I grabbed her tight ass and she started riding my dick fast and deep. I could feel my dick very deep inside of her tight little pussy.

She was really getting loud now and kept saying" faster and deeper George, I really need your big hard cock in my little pussy"

"Fuck me harder, cum inside of me and make me cum"

I kept fucking her but I knew I couldn't hold out much longer. The combination of her hot and soaking wet pussy and the hot sexy words coming from her mouth would make me cum soon. Before I could think of the cum in my balls rising she screamed "God yes I am CUMMMING! Bury your dick into me! I want your cum deep inside of my pussy!"

I did just that and cummed almost instantly, pulse after pulse of hot cum went deep inside of her tight little pussy. Her wet pussy spammed around my dick and squeezed even more cum out of my dick. 

She got off of me and laid down next to me. Her pussy was dripping out all the cum I has just deposited deep inside of her. She said "god that was so good, can we do that again sometime?" I said of course we could and we both passed out until the next morning, but that is a different story…..

Let me know what everyone thinks, this is just chapter one. I would love some feedback from some ladies, let me know what you ladies think. And Please vote! :)