 Justin checked his watch and let out a loud sigh. It was almost 6:00pm and Gina still wasn't there. He grumbled to himself for the umpteenth time about having a partner for this latest project. He had been working at this company for a little over five years now, and had proven how capable he was. The only reason this green-behind-the-ears yuppie was getting to work on such a high profile project was because her father plays golf with the boss. He had been ready to spit nails all day. Gina left a message saying she would meet him in his office around noon to discuss some ideas and to get a "feel" for the project. It was now well past 6:00pm. Justin thought about skipping out. 

"How embarrassing for Daddy, huh princess?" Justin mumbled as he swung himself around in his leather chair.

"Princess....wow...I don't know many people who have such intimate pet names for their computers...you two must be close."

Justin swiveled around to face his office door...there was Gina. He could feel his face growing redder as the seconds ticked by. She extended her hand and forced a professional smile across her lips. Justin coughed out a hello. He truly did not know what to say. And there really was no way to explain that comment. There were a few more seconds of awkward silence before Justin was able to right himself. He smiled back and offered to get her a cup of coffee.

"Oh...um...yes...thank you. And black is fine." Gina replied, her face already buried in her black leather briefcase. She looked up in time to watch him head for the coffee maker. The crisp smile remained on her face, but inside she was ready to scream. She had begged her father not to interfere in her job search. And although she was more than grateful for this opportunity, Gina knew Justin viewed this as a babysitting job and nothing more. A few tears threatened to well up in the corners of her emerald eyes, but she blinked them away and plastered that smile back on just as her partner returned.

Justin returned to his position behind the smooth mahogany desk, cup of steaming coffee in hand. They both took the opportunity to sip their beverages in silence. This also gave Justin a chance to really look at his new partner for the first time since she surprised him. She had thick, shiny auburn hair. It almost glistened under the office lights, and framed her round face just right. Before he could study her eyes any further, Gina was sliding a pair of glasses over her nose. Justin glanced back at his now half full cup of coffee before returning his gaze across the desk. He could tell she was attractive, no matter how she seemed to want to hide it. And there was something else about her...something smoldering beneath the skin that he could not get a fix on right away. Gina broke the lull of silence by asking where the wastebasket was. She was finished with her drink and ready to move ahead. Justin took the cup and abandoned his inspection to concentrate on the task at hand.

"I want to apologize for being so late," Gina said after taking a deep breath. "I was in a bit of a fender bender today and spent most of my afternoon dealing with that. I should have called to tell you I would be very late. I do appreciate you hanging around to wait for me."

Wow, Justin thought. If he did not already feel like a heel, he sure did at this point. "I should have been nicer," he reprimanded himself. "I am such a jerk!"

"No problem Miss Batten," Justin replied politely.

Gina continued with her small presentation, occasionally handing Justin graphs and typed notes. After about twenty minutes, she closed her note pad and settled back in her chair. Justin was still pouring over the reports and graphs, so Gina leaned back and waited for him to finish. For the first time since she had entered his office, she began to take notice of him. She guessed he was five or six years older than herself. He was moderately tall, with short, dark hair and amazingly clear blue eyes. She could tell he was active in some sport, at least enough to stay decently fit. Justin flipped a page of the report and tried to concentrate on the words in front of his eyes. But he knew Gina was looking at him, and suddenly he felt a nervous lump form in his throat. He did not even know this woman, nor had he really had a chance to look her over. But he was nervous nonetheless. 

"Um...Mr. Phillips...er...Justin,"

Justin looked up from the report he was not even reading. "Yes...sorry...wow, this is good Gina. This is really good. There are people who have been here for several years that do not do reports this thorough...myself included. "

"So you like the ideas?" 

"Very much so. And I am sorry for the welcome when you got here. I will be honest...I was not sure this was going to be a good idea, but seeing your ideas...wow."

Gina smiled shyly as she removed her glasses. The more she looked at him, the more attractive she found him. "Oh well...this guy is so out of my league."

Gina stood up to hand Justin one last pie chart. Her eyes were deep pools of sensuality, framed by long, thick eyelashes. Justin was almost mesmerized and had to blink a few times to bring himself back to reality. They chatted for a few more minutes about company expectations and when would be a good time to meet again. 

"I don't know about you, but I am a little swamped. I am a free lancer of sorts and have a few other projects on the pipeline. Which is why I am a little miffed at my father for setting this up. I can swing by the day after tomorrow...say noon?"

"Sounds good to me. I can go over all this information again tomorrow. Then we can brainstorm a little better. I will work on my notes as well."

Gina nodded and was readying for departure when she stopped suddenly.

"Oh crap! I had a report about our client's competitors I wanted to give you...nothing big, just some more background. I think I left it in my study...wow this sucks! I can have it sent over tomorrow by messenger. I am so sorry."

"Hey, don't worry about it. Whenever is fine. Oh...how are you getting home? Since it seems you are without a car...and I am still feeling a bit guilty..."

"Oh you don't have to do that...although I definitely appreciate the offer. I called a car service before I walked in the building." Gina could not help but smile. She dropped her head a little, and suddenly felt like she was back in junior high. Instantly Gina chided herself for the flirtatious gesture. "He is not thinking about you that way!"

"Thanks again Justin," Gina called out as she made her way towards the elevator. 

Justin watched her walk away, noticing the pair of lean calves peeking out from beneath her black skirt. He had been so irate about having to play babysitter, he was completely caught off guard by this intelligent and beautiful woman. And it must have been his imagination that she had flirted with him...he must have misread that smile. 

Justin returned to his office to clean up before leaving for the night. Gina was definitely not like most of the women who worked there. She did not play that bashful, eye-batting card that Justin had gotten accustomed to seeing. He knew he was attractive and viewed as somewhat of a ladies' man around the office. A few of the secretaries liked to walk around in short skirts and revealing tops. As much as Justin enjoyed the view, he had to admit it was refreshing to see a woman show some class. Hell, she didn't even remove her coat! 

"I think I would liked to see that view," he mused to himself aloud.

"You and that computer really have something going on don't ya?"

Justin almost jumped out of skin. He spun around to see Gina standing in the doorway.

"We have to stop meeting like this," she commented as a sly grin crept across her thick rose petal lips.

"You really have some timing, " Justin stammered as he scooped papers into a folder and slid it into his open briefcase. "And I never seem to hear you coming."

Gina laughed. "Maybe I should start wearing a bell around my neck."

The image of a cow bell slung around her neck caused a sudden stirring in Justin that made his jump a little. He closed the case and switched off the desk lamp. The room was now only semi-lit and Justin was glad Gina could not see his flushed face.

"Is everything okay?" he asked, attempting to remain casual.

"Well...I was on my way to the reception area when the service called to say their driver was stuck in traffic and is over an hour behind schedule. And as much as I would love to hang around here for two hours...I was wondering if that ride was still available."

Justin felt calm and collected by the time he reached his door. Gina was leaning against the door and made no attempt to move, despite how close he was moving towards her. It was not a suggestive stance...she was tired and using the large door as support. Funny enough, this seemed to further excite Justin. "Sure, I can take you home..."

Gina flashed him a thankful smile. She snatched her purse off of the ground and stepped out of the doorway so Justin could close the door. He breathed in extra deep, hoping to catch a whiff of her perfume. Nothing. No lingering scent meant no perfume. He could not help but be impressed by that. She wants to be taken seriously.

"Don't tell me you have something going on with your door too?"

Justin jerked his head toward a snickering Gina. He did not realize he had been standing there so long. This time, he could not hide his blush.

"I don't even want to know," she chuckled. "Just lead the way!"

The parking garage had quieted down, with only the extreme workaholics left in the building. Justin and Gina trekked across the now empty spaces towards a dark blue SUV. Justin jogged the last few steps to unlock the doors for himself and his guest.

"Thank you," Gina murmured at the propped open passenger door. She pulled her coat closer and slid into the tan leather seat. She closed the door and laid her briefcase on her lap. Gina could not believe the butterflies in her stomach...I don't even know him!

Justin climbed into the driver's side and started the vehicle. He glanced at his passenger and smiled before pulling out of the parking space. They rode the short distance to the garage entrance in silence. Justin's mind swirled with comments, questions, light conversation he could make. He reached to adjust the radio volume and accidentally brushed her hand. A shiver ran down his spine, and Justin was floored by the electricity he felt. At the moment, it took all of his will power to not touch her again. 

Gina felt his hand and gasped in her mouth. She wanted to look at him, to see if he had felt that too. "I just met this man! An hour ago I could not stand him!"

Justin's voice brought her back inside the car. "Um...which way?"

Gina cleared her throat and hoped she sounded relaxed and nonplussed. " You will want to make a right and stay straight for about 10 blocks. Make a right onto 17th street...my building is on the corner."

Justin nodded and began his journey. He was very relieved when Gina commented on the weather and the insanity of recent gas prices. They talked some more about their project for several more blocks. They were nearing her street when she received a phone call. She nodded a few times, a scowl forming on her face.

"Just great," she muttered, hanging up the phone. "This is just great."

"Everything okay?"

"It's fine...I just...a project I was working on just had a rather sizeable hiccup. This is something I have spent the past three months putting together...and now my client has decided to completely change the campaign angle and asked...no wait...demanded I be in San Francisco in 48 hours to brainstorm. Like I can't brainstorm here, you know?"

Gina suddenly realized she was ranting to a complete stranger. She closed her mouth and could feel herself blush. "I am so sorry. It has been a long day. I'm sorry."

Justin smiled at her sudden timidity. "I know how you feel. Don't worry about it. However, I can see you will be otherwise engaged for the next several days..."

"I will call Mr. Carlton in the morning and let him know...I am really sorry."

Justin was not quite sure what to do. He had been fuming all day, wishing he could have this account all to himself. And now, he was sad Gina would not be around.

"Don't worry about it," Justin repeated. "Would it be okay though if I could pick up that report you were telling me about? I mean...since I am already here?"

Gina nodded and directed him to a small parking area. They exited the vehicle and Justin followed his companion through a side door and into the elevator. They rode in silence again, a feeling sadness now being felt by both. The ding sounded as the doors creaked open. Gina was the first to exit and led the way to her door. She was talking now, trying to fill the space with idle chat about the building and some of her more interesting neighbors. Arriving at her door, Gina unlocked and pushed it open. Her fingers scrambled across the wall to the light switch. Justin was ever the gentleman, waiting in the hall until she beckoned him inside. He closed the door softly and quickly surveyed the quaint apartment. It was simple and tasteful, a mixture of antique furniture and a few newer pieces like the plasma TV and leather sofa. Gina shrugged her coat off and piled it in a nearby chair. Her once crisp navy shirt was now wrinkled. She did her best to smooth it down before turning around to Justin, offering him a seat and reaching for his jacket. He obliged and sunk into the soft leather armchair. 

"Can I get you anything to drink?" Gina called from the kitchen.

Instead of answering, Justin jumped up and followed her voice. He found Gina face first in the fridge. "Are you thirsty?" she hollered again.

"Just a soda," Justin replied in normal tones, a smile spreading across his face. 

Gina backed out of the fridge and tossed him a can. "I knew you were there."

She flashed him a smiled and Justin felt his heart jump. He could believe the effect this woman was having on him. He hoped she felt the same. 

"Would you like ice and a glass?" Gina queried as she poked her head in the freezer. "Although I gotta be honest, I think I am a little short on the ice."

Justin set his can on the counter and walked over to the freezer to lend a hand when Gina turned around. Justin tried to stop himself, but their faces were still a few inches apart. Neither spoke for what seemed like eons. Gina let out a small sigh, and that was all Justin needed. He cupped her face in his hands and drew her lips to his. He could feel her surprise, but kissed her anyway. Her resistance only lasted a few seconds. She sighed again and kissed him back. Cold air from the freezer was spewing into his face, but he paid little attention. His hands left her face and encircled her waist, pulling her closer and deeper into the kiss. Gina wrapped her arms around Justin's neck and almost growled in response to his touch. She pulled her mouth away just enough to catch his lower lip between her teeth. Justin responded by pushing her further against the freezer and devouring her mouth again. Gina let her hands slide down to feel his shoulders and arms. Her mind was screaming at all the different feelings and sensations. He released her lips and nuzzled into her neck. Gina felt his lips touch her skin and moaned. Her hands traveled to his chest. Justin shivered at her touch. He continued to kiss her neck, making his way to the top button of her shirt then stopped. The cold from the freezer was beginning to register. Gina looked up, her fingers poised over his shirt buttons.

"Hey you..." Justin cooed. He brought his hand to her face and swept aside a few strands from her brown sugar colored eyes. 

"My back is freezing!" Gina half-whispered back.

Both fell silent for a few more seconds, neither really knowing what to do.

"I am sorry if..." Justin started to say. Gina stopped him with a finger touching his lips. Her other fingers clawed softly down his chest. Justin closed his eyes, not wanting her hand to leave his skin. "We're going to thaw out my ice cream if we stay here..."

Justin opened his eyes as Gina took his hand and slowly led him out of the kitchen. His senses felt completely overloaded. He could not believe he was here, with this amazing woman leading him to her bedroom. He leaned into her as they reached the bedroom door and inhaled her hair. It smelled of strawberries and vanilla. Gina giggled and playfully pushed him away from her. 

"Stop trying to eat my hair!"

"You smell incredible...and I don't even like strawberries."

Gina giggled again as she opened the door and pulled Justin inside. She spun around and he pulled her close again, assaulting her lips again with a passionate kiss. This time there wasn't any resistance as he probed her mouth with his tongue. Gina moaned as Justin's hands returned to caressing her body. She fell deeper into his kiss as she worked desperately on removing his shirt. Justin broke away and pulled the shirt off over his head, revealing toned arms and a slightly chiseled stomach. A tattoo of an eagle's head adorned his left arm. 

"Your turn beautiful," he said with a wink.

Gina stepped back a few feet and began to slowly unbutton her top. Justin became entranced, and she licked her lips hungrily watching him watch her. The blouse slid off her shoulders and exposed a simple black lace bra. The skirt was next and Justin could barely contain himself at the sight of her matching lace panties. 

"Sorry there aren't any garters or thongs..." she murmured almost shyly.

Justin's eyes were glazed with desire. He did not hear her at all as he advanced towards Gina, backing her into the closet door with a small thud. Before she could say anything else, he sunk his teeth into her shoulder and pressed his now throbbing groin into her waist. Gina almost screamed at the intensity of his actions. It had been a long time since any man had responded to her in such a way. She wanted him out of his pants, but also wanted to return feeling of overpowering lust that now seemed to engulf her body.

"Justin...stop..." she commanded, her voice noticeably quivering.

Justin pulled away, suddenly worried that he had gone too far. He was momentarily worried that he had hurt her somehow, until he saw the seductive look in her eyes. She pushed him back further until the back of his knees hit the side of the bed.

"Lay down."

Justin obeyed, becoming more aroused by the aggressive turn. He reached for his belt but she stopped him, shaking her finger. "Tsk...tsk...that is for me Mr. Phillips."

Gina paused for a moment to look at the man stretched out on her bed. Her mind was racing with reasons to stop, but logic had lost its grip the moment he first kissed her.

She crawled very slowly on top of Justin, never taking her eyes off of his. She pressed her lips against his neck and heard him sigh. Gina worked her way down his throat, making sure her mouth barely touched his skin. She could feel his breathing change and she knew he was fighting very hard for control. Gina continued gently kissing Justin's shoulders and arms. She paused at the sight of the tattoo...she could not believe how it turned her on. Gina traced over it with her fingers before moving to the other arm. Justin was almost mad now with desire. Her lips were so soft and delicate, but her eyes flashed excitedly. Gina now found his stomach, and alternated between light kisses and nibbling as she slid her body along his. She reached his belt, and with her eyes on his face, used her teeth to retract the strap and undo the belt. Justin almost fainted and he tried to concentrate on taking deep breaths. He heard the zipper and lifted his hips as Gina yanked the trousers onto the floor. She was back on him and he could not stand this anymore. Justin grabbed Gina and threw her onto the bed next to him. He pounced on top of her, his teeth and mouth sucking at her chest while his hands worked on unhooking her bra. She was in a daze as Justin unclasped her bra and yanked it off. Her hands instinctively flew to cover her now bare breasts. Surprised, he looked up as if to question her action. 
