 Everything was set for the party tonight. The coffee table had over a dozen DVDs strewn across it, there was popcorn, chips and other snacks on the counter in the kitchen, but above all the refrigerator was stocked full. Wine coolers for the lightweights, beer and Schnapps for the moderates, and for the ones who really knew what they liked, there was vodka, tequila, and my personal favorite, Bacardi O. That bottle was strategically placed above the orange soda, which I noticed as I made the once-over to make sure I had everything. 

This is what happened with my friends and I whenever one of us had our parents gone. The host would let everyone else in on when it would be, and then find the alcohol. It wasn't like a high school swingers club where we slept with each other's girlfriends or something, we would just come and have fun. We'd watch movies, play games, talk, and so on. That may sound kinda boring to some, but you know how high school kids are, get some booze in them and everything is the funniest thing in history.

In my head I went over the list of those who I was expecting. Most of my friends were going to be coming, but I was really looking forward to seeing Hana. Hana has been my best friend since the two of us started junior high 5 years ago. Her family moved here from Tokyo at that time. She didn't know that much English back then, but now her English was perfect, and she had just a hint of an accent. 

Hana was about 5' 3" and had spiky black hair. She wasn't anything extreme like those Asian pornstars or anything, but she was perfect for me. The had a long slender face with a little button nose and brown eyes. Her body didn't have the long legs and huge tits that most guys look for. She had rather small breasts for her size, I would assume she was a size 34 B. she also didn't have that flat stomach that a lot of guys look for. She was not fat, or even chubby for that matter, but she had the look of a girl who had minimal fat, but did not work out for the tone most girls demand.

I checked my watch and cracked open a 'Mike's Hard Lemonade' to get myself ready for the party. It was about 8:30, and everyone was bound to show up soon. In my head I thought about who would come. I had about four of five of my buddies coming for sure, and if they were coming then their girlfriends were. Then if Hana was coming, about six or seven of her friends would be too. But if she wasn't then it'd be just two or three, the ones that Hana said were interested in me.

I guess you could say I'm attractive. I'm not a virgin and I haven't been for a long time. Neither me or Hana ever had problems getting dates, but Hana could have been the biggest cunt in the world and guys would still be kicking down the door for her. I sometimes wonder if her being Asian had much to do with my feelings for her, and I know it did, but I thought that my feelings were much more than that.

I thought about the time when I realized I had feelings for her. It was a relative shock to me, I mean it's my best friend I'm talking about! The one person that would ever come close to being a sister to me! But then again it seemed to make sense that my first real crush was my best friend. But when you realize that in the early years of high school, it tends to make things a little weird. Now that we were seniors I'd had enough time to subside my emotions for her in public and restrict them to my bed or shower.

I was snapped out of my reverie when I saw a Grand Am pull up. It belonged to Jack. He was the guitarist with my band back in 9th grade, but once that went under we remained friends. From the sound of it he had the usual buddies over. I greeted them at the door and more people started arriving after that, one after the other. A car filled with girls arrived, and my stomach shifted uncomfortably. I saw Hana hop out of the passenger seat, that beautiful smile stretched across her face, that wonderful laugh filling the air around her. She was wearing a really tight pair of grey acid washed jeans with a purple blouse with a few buttons opened to show herself off, which was something she normally didn't do.

When everyone was inside we decided to just hang and talk for a while, the drinks dispatched accordingly. After about two or three hours of sick stories from the guys and gossip from the girls (as I said, just a bunch of drunk kids laughing together), we decided to watch a movie. I asked everyone what they wanted to watch, and after a round of title shouting, two rounds of arguing, a vote and then more arguing, the lights were low and the movie finally was in the DVD player. After I placed had the movie going I look back to my living room to see both couches and the loveseat taken. All that was left was a relatively large chair, and take three guesses as to who was sitting in it. Hana looked like she was paying no attention to me as I walked up to the chair. She looked so sexy. She had one leg draped over the side, and the way she leaned back just exposed a bit of cleavage from her blouse.

"Hey, Hana, move over," I said, shoving her leg off the arm of the chair.

"No, fuck you!" she retorted playfully, as the others yelled for us to shut up. I attempted to sit down next to her on the chair but after about five minutes of struggling, the previews were coming to a close and we had to fix this dellema. But Hana took care of that for me very suddenly.

"Here—" She said, and then she quickly stood and sat in my lap. As if my heart wasn't beating fast enough. "There," She said. She propped her legs on the left armrest while wrapping her arm around my neck. I had to take in a deep breath. Her breasts were right in front of my eyes, and I was suddenly aware of my cock beginning to wake as her ass pressed against my crotch. I tried to act cool about it, so I laid a hand on her knee. I thought I felt it twitch, but I wasn't sure.

"You ok, Trent?" Hana asked me, looking into my eyes. 

"Yeah," I say, and we settle down to watch the teen comedy. It was one that I rented, something about a bunch of high school guys our age trying to have sex and failing, sometimes with comedic results. I don't really know the whole plot, I wasn't really paying attention. I was going crazy trying to keep my cock down, which was impossible at one point. 

A particularly sick joke involving semen and a cup of beer was made, and in her disgust Hana turned her head and huddled into my neck, gripping her body against mine. She even pulled her legs up to nearly wrap her whole body around me. Now the hand on her knee was pressed against her torso.

I felt her breath on my neck. I felt her breasts against my chest. Her hands behind my head. I tried to move my hand, and I felt her breast. She wasn't wearing a bra, and I felt She looked up so quickly, I thought she was going to slap me. But she didn't move. She locked eyes with me. God, I could swim in those brown eyes forever.

Then she slowly moved her hand to mine resting against her chest. She took my hand in hers. My breathing came in quiet, shallow huffs. She kept her eyes on me, and laid my palm onto her breast. I was just big enough to fill my hand. My cock sprang to life underneath her ass, giving her a turn to gasp. I looked to my left and saw that two of Hana's girlfriends were watching us intently, so I moved Hana to her original position and we returned to the movie.

The movie ended some time later, and everyone decided that they'd go home. The ones who stuck to wine coolers decided to drive, and everyone stood up in the living room. Soon it was just me and a few others. I saw Hana mutter something to her friends, and she went off to the hallway. She's been here before, she knows where the bathroom is. Still, I could not stop my mind from imagining sitting on my toilet, frantically.her rubbing at her enflamed clit.

I got caught up in conversation with Justin after that. Apparently he was getting a new band together, and needed a rhythm guitarist and lead singer. He thought I'd be a perfect fit, so we decided to meet tomorrow in his garage to see what would happen.

I watched as the last of the cars drove off, and the headlights faded off down the street. I then turned and began cleaning up the living room. A glass of vodka coke had been tipped over onto the carpet. I'd have to clean that up in the morning. The last of the bottles went to the kitchen, then the chips went back to the cupboard from which they came. I had finished up everything about twenty minutes after the last had left, and I was on my way to bed. 

When I opened the door and walked into my room, the first thing I noticed was my bathroom light on. I was just shutting off the hall light outside my door when I heard a moan from my bathroom. The door was cracked just a little, a small stream of light cast on the floor.

Another moan came out, and this time I recognized the voice. I had forgotten that she had gone to the bathroom. Hana was in there. Oh, god, I thought, this can't be real. It couldn't be. 

I walked forward as quietly as possible. I took each step holding my breath, afraid that if she heard she would yank up her pants and bolt for the door. But I made no noise. I crept forward until I was just in front of the door. I could hear her raspy breaths and she gasped for her air. Then I listened more intently, and I almost came in my pants. I could hear the wetness of her flicking her clit. I couldn't take any more. But as I slowly pushed the door open, the hinges made a deafening creak.

She was holding onto the sink counter with one hand and the other was between her legs. The purple blouse was opened and hanging from one sleeve and her pants were on the tile floor near the shower. She made no attempt to cover herself as she saw me. She looked directly in my eyes once again. The chocolate brown eyes of my fantasy staring straight through me.

"You liked it, didn't you?" I heard from miles away. "You liked it when you touched me." I kind of shook my head to come to my senses, but she was still staring at me as I walked into the bathroom. Letting her blouse fall limp to the floor, she stood and walked over to me, wrapping her arms around my neck once more, and holding her nude body against mine.

"I really like you, Trent," She said quietly. She was so close. He could see the mist of sweat on her upper lip. 

"I like you too, Hana," I said, "but you're drunk."

"Not that drunk," She said. She rubbed her hand over my cock. "I really like you, Trent. I want to kiss you." She squeezed the bulge in my pants. "Can I kiss you?" 

I didn't wait for a response. I dove into her. I attacked her mouth with my tongue. I felt her hands grope for my zipper. In a heartbeat my pants were off. My shirt was lifted over my head. We had been moving backward and before I knew it we toppled over onto my bed. We had lost all control of our lust.

Hana broke the kiss and pushed me to move. I stretched out onto my bed and she went for the waistband of my boxers. My cock sprung forth as she released it from its tent. Those brown eyes gazed up into mine again as her hand formed a fist around my cock. I strained for her. I wanted her to stroke it. I wanted her to suck it. I wanted her to fuck me harder than either of us had experienced before.

"I'm going to enjoy this," She said, and her tongue licked all the way up my 71/2 inch shaft, just befor eshe took my whole cock down her throat. God, her mouth was like heaven! She held my hips down so that I wouldn't pump into her and make her choke on it, but soon those hands found themselves gripping my ass. Her tongue rubbed against the underside of my cock, and when she rose she would flick the head with it. I wasn't going to last this way. I wanted to feel her. I wanted all of her.

I shoved her back on my bed and dove between her legs. She giggled at my eagerness as I pryed her legs open. I leaned forward and grabbed her tits as my tongue dove into her clean-shaven pussy.

"Ohh god! Trent!" She moaned so loud it echoed off the walls of the empty house. She grabbed my hair and pulled hard toward her pussy. This new aggression got to me good. I shoved two fingers between her pussylips and bit on her clit. She let out a scream.

"Oh Fuck!" She screamed. "Fuck — YEAH!" Her juices were pulled out from my fingers as I pounded my hand in and out and pressed my lips to her, sucking and licking her clit. 

"GODDAMN IT! NOW! RIGHT NOW!!" She grabbed my hair and pulled my head up. "Get the fuck up here and fuck me, Trent!" She practically dragged me up on top of her, but I wanted to tease her just a bit more. 

"You want this?" I asked, and I rubbed the head of my cock against her clitoris.

"Oh god, Trent," She pleaded, "I want you so bad."

"You want me?" I asked her, putting the head in.

"GOD TRENT! FUCK ME! FUCK ME HARD!!" She screamed, and I rammed myself into her. She yelped out in the initial pain of penetration, but two thrusts later she was humping at my like mad.

"Oh-go-damn-oh-yeah-feels-so-good," I think she was saying with each thrust. 

I fucked her harder. I grunted and I growled my breaths. She began to scream with every thrust. I kissed her lips. I licked her dark nipples and her tan skin. I bit her shoulder and her neck. I broke into a breakneck pace.

"I'm coming!" I screamed. I slammed it as hard as I could into her one last time, and then ripped my cock from her delicious pussy. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven shots of glistening white cum shot onto her tits and stomach.

"Oh god, Trent, that was—" But I didn't wait for a response. I flipped her over, and pulled her hips into the air.

"I'm not done yet, Hana," I say, and I slid my cock deep into her cunt from behind. She let out another scream, but this one was more from surprise. I fucked her hard with her on all fours, then I pulled her back and grabbed her tits from behind.

"Oh, Trent, lean back!" She ordered. I obliged, and she stratled me and began to ride me reverse cowgirl style. "Oh god, Trent, you're fucking amazing! You're so FUCKing aMAzing!!" She started to jump on my cock, and I could feel her fingering her pussy. Then, with one final gasp she screamed out and came.

"OHH! OHH! OHHHH! OOooohhhh..." The waves began to subside, and I pulled out of her. I let her fall to her side, and I immediately got on my knees next to her. She grabbed my cock and hammered it for all its worth.

"Oh god.." She gasped. "I'm so happy you didn't stop, Trent."

"Why," I ask, "so you could get off?" But she shook her head 'no'.

"No," She said, "So I could finally taste your cum!" And with that she plunged my cock between her lips once more. She stroked my cock and felt my head between her lips. I couldn't take it anymore. 

"I'm almost there!" I moan.

"Uh-huh" She moaned around my cock, and that was it. She knew I was coming, and she wanted me to see. I shot one after another onto her tongue, and she smiled the whole time. She made sure it all got in her mouth, and then when I was done, to my amazement, she swallowed the whole thing.

We kissed again. We collapsed on the bed and fell into sleep in each other's arms. Then that morning we woke and showered together. We made love once more in the shower, and against the bathroom sink. It was the end of a wonderful friendship. It was the beginning of a beautiful and loving relationship.