 Unlike my other stories which are pure fiction this one is true

As the marketing executive for a large publicly traded company I oversee a marketing budget in the millions of dollars. In order to manage the spending, the accounting department assigns one of their employees to help me track spending on a day to day basis. One Monday with my regular liaison out on maternity leave, I was working at my computer when a really cute, petite, blond came in and introduced her self. As I shook her hand, my eyes traveled over her tight little body from her small but nicely shaped tits to her well formed legs. 

"My name is Melanie," she purred in a most appealing British accent. "I'm a temp. I've just completed an assignment in the UK when I was transferred here."

I thoroughly enjoyed the next hour or so explaining to her all the ongoing projects we had going on and how each one affected the budget going forward. My eyes drank in her small petite body and more than once my mind drifted to thoughts of her naked. I imagined what that British accent would sound like when she was moaning beneath my touch and how "fuck me, fuck my ass with your big cock" would sound coming out of her mouth. I think she had an idea what I was thinking by the smile and gleam in her eye when she would ask a question and I would have to ask her to repeat it. 

We soon developed a schedule of meeting every few days and going over all spending. Each time we enjoyed each others company more, we laughed at each others jokes, revealed more and more about ourselves and gradually became more than just co-workers. I looked forward to seeing her and often chatted with her via phone during the days we didn't meet. One afternoon when we were spending extra time, going over some new projects, it ran late and I suggested we go out for a bite to eat. I think we both knew I had more than eating on my mind. 

We left the office and drove down to a local tavern where I knew the chances of anyone from the office seeing us was slim. We slid into a dark corner booth side by side. Our hands began to roam under the table. My cock rose with each stroke of my hand over her silky smooth thigh. As we sipped a couple of drinks, chatted and laughed, my hand slowly slid farther and farther up under her skirt until I was running my fingers over her panty clad nether lips. By the time I paid the bill we were both in a state of total arousal and as soon as we got to my car our lips locked together into a passionate embrace and our hands began to touch and fondle each other. There was no question that we wanted to get somewhere that we could get naked and fuck. 

I drove out of the parking lot and headed for my apartment. We barely got in the door before her skirt and blouse were on the floor and she was on her knees pulling down my shorts and sucking my rock hard cock with abandon. Unwilling to come too soon I pulled her up and removed her bra and panties slowly and sensuously licking and sucking every inch of her until naked and wet, I laid her down on my bed and drove my dick deep into her. She wrapped her legs around my back and lifted her ass off the bed and we rode each other to orgasm in a frenzy of lust. We had worked up quite a sweat and decided to take a shower together. I loved the feel of her warm sudsy body under my hands and it wasn't long before my cock was hard again and she was on her knees. The water was running over us as she sucked my cock. "God this girl loved to suck cock," I thought. I was in heaven and after drying off, we fell on the bed in a tangle of arms and legs and fucked in every position we could manage. 

It didn't take long before dinner and hot sex at my place was our nightly activity and barely a month had gone by before she had moved her belongings into my place. We tried to keep our relationship low key at work. But at night we were animals. Most nights we barely got the door open before we were naked on the living room carpet fucking each other's brains out.

One Saturday while we were out shopping she saw a copy of "Penthouse Variations" magazine. She was fascinated with the cover stories and we picked up a copy and took it home. That's when I discovered she had a kinky side.

She devoured the book from cover to cover. The next night lying in bed naked she showed me a story from the book and wanted to act it out. I said, "Sure let me read it." The story was from a guy named Watt in RI. He met a woman at a local watering hole and took her home where after a rather passionate petting session he tied her hands behind her back, bent her over the bed and spanked her ass before fucking her. As I'm reading this story I have one hand idly massaging her wet pussy and before long she rolls over and sits right down on my thick shaft and starts doing little circles around my cock. Needless to say this made it a little difficult to concentrate on the story but I managed to finish it. I put the magazine down. Her small breasts topped with tight turgid pink nipples rose and fell with her labored breathing. I ran my hands over her tits, pinching and squeezing the nipples. One hand slid down her smooth flat stomach to the tiny patch of soft downy blond fur that she kept shaved into a tight triangle just above her clit. Using one hand to roll her nipples between thumb and forefinger and the other to stroke and flick her engorged clit she writhed on my cock till her orgasm overcame her. Sitting up with her still on my cock I carried her around to the edge of the bed where I turned her over, grabbed the belt from a bathrobe lying on the floor, tied her hands behind her back, and proceeded to lick, suck, fondle, and spank her ass until it was cherry red. Her moans were turning me on something fierce and when I couldn't stand it any more I shoved my cock right to the bottom of her tight pussy. 

After that night bondage and spanking became a regular part of our sexual repertoire. We each had our favorite activities. I would strip her clothes off her, tie her hands behind her back, gag her, and put her in the closet and lock the door. After maybe twenty minutes of being gagged and tied in the dark anticipating what was to come, she was always hot and wet when I unlocked the door and pulled her out. My favorite scenario was to untie her hands from behind her back and re tie them to a hook in the ceiling. I then took a long curtain rod and tied her ankles far apart. She was still wearing the gag. I usually let her hang there for awhile and then I would start by fondling her nice tight little breasts until the nipples were nice and stiff, put some clothespins or clamps on her nipples and breasts. I loved too hear her whimper with delight in that soft British accent. I'd run my fingers over her ass teasing the juices from her pussy up to lubricate her crack and slide my fingers in small circles around her ass ring. Sliding one finger inside I'd tease her making her say the things I loved to hear.

"Fuck me, fuck me hard, give me your cock," she gasped. Then with some lotion, I would play with her tits, ass and pussy until she was writhing and moaning. I loved the way her ass would reach out to try and get my fingers into her pussy and ass. Once she was warmed up nice and hot I would move around to her side where I could squeeze her nipples with one hand while I slapped and fondled her ass with the other. By this time my cock was hard, demanding and dripping. Grabbing her by the hips I pulled her back until her ass jutted out at the right height for me to slide my cock in and out of her pussy. With her hanging there with her feet spread wide I could fuck her hard and fast, or slow and easy, slapping her cheeks, twisting her nipples, or reaching around and fondling her clit while my cock slammed her pussy until I exploded deep inside her. Usually I would wait and have a smoke just admiring her wet used body hanging there for my viewing pleasure. I'm not sure which of us enjoyed this more, she or I, but we never grew tired of this playtime. 

Her favorite scenario was a little different. During the evening she would take a shower and come out of the bathroom wearing a white terrycloth robe. I would be naked and leaning against the end of the bed. She would come into the bedroom where I would grab her by the shoulder length blonde hair and passionately and forcefully kiss her hard while my hands untied the belt on her robe. Then I would yank it open, and roughly fondle her tits and ass. Still gripping her hair, I would force her to her knees and use her hair to shove her face back and forth on my cock. Then stripping away the bathrobe and pulling her hands behind her back I would tie them with the bathrobe belt and stepping away force her over the edge of the bed. I would spank her ass until it was bright red and rising up to meet my next spank. 

Seeing her ass come up off the bed begging to be spanked again was one of the most erotic sights you'll ever see. Then I would climb on the bed, get on my knees, position my cock under her face, grab her shoulders and lift her mouth up and down on my cock until it was nice and wet. Then I would go around behind her, pull her off the bed onto her knees, and tease her lips and face with the head of my cock. I loved to make her lean forward until she was just off balance trying to get the head of my cock between her lips. Only after teasing her for a while would I let her actually suck my rod which she did like a starving woman. Finally I would turn her around, bend her over with her ass in the air, hands tied behind her, and after a few well placed spanks, slide my thick dick into her pussy from behind and spank and fuck her until we both exploded.

We played all sorts of kinky bondage games for about six months until her mother in England got sick and she had to return home. "God, I miss that little slut!"

We had a few other games we would play and I would be happy to write about them if anyone would like to hear more.