 "Don't I know you from somewhere?", the talk dark haired man asked.

"You do look quite familiar, but I can't quite place it." the petite blonde replied.

The two stared at each other for an awkward moment of silence.

"Jen? Is it Jen Hampton?"

"Oh Myyyyy Gaaawwwwwd, Rodger!", Jen exclaimed. 

Rodger looked at his former employee. Jen who was blonde now, but known to Rodger as a short haired brunette for many years was standing behind the bank counter with the blank look of awe. It had been 5 years since the two had seen each other. Jen still looked very much the same except for her newly acquired blonde hair. She had a petite frame standing just 5 foot 4. Her hair was still styled very short and her slim body including her perky 'A' cuppers were still very much in good tight shape. Jen weighed at most 105 pounds soaking wet and had one of the nicest asses that Rodger had ever seen. He missed seeing her on a daily basis and had often fantasized about having wild wanton encounters with her. Jen was wearing a light brown turtle neck ribbed sweater, brown suede pants and very conservative low heeled shoes. She was a picture of perfection.

"Wow you look awesome Jen!", Rodger squeaked.

"Thanks Rodger, you still look impressive yourself", she replied.

The conversation continued with some small chat for awhile until Rodger was almost done his transactions. Before leaving the bank, he had to ask Jen if she was free for lunch today. He offered to buy her lunch so they could catch up on each other.

"I'm so sorry, but I had to go for lunch early today Rodger, but I have no plans tonight." she offered.

The reply almost made Rodger hard in an instant. He said that he was free and he made arrangements to meet Jen at a local coffee house the two had been to before to discuss business.

Time went by quickly that day for both Jen and Rodger. Both had anticipation for a very interesting night. Rodger was the first to arrive at the coffee house. He selected a very secluded sofa that sat in the back of the coffee house on a riser. The sofa was barely visible to others in the coffee house due to a large planter sitting on top of a half wall. Jen was not long after Rodger and looked absolutely stunning. She wore a short black mini skirt with silk black stockings, 4 inch stilettos, and a top that was tied at the stomach baring a bronzed and chiseled stomach that also exposed her diamond belly ring. Rodger stood and waved to Jen to attract her attention. Jen smiled, waved back and quickly scrambled to the secluded sofa.

Jen sat down next to Rodger who was dressed in khakis and a black crew neck sweater. The two exchanged their stories and major events of the past 5 years as time and several Spanish coffees were consumed. Jen began to get a little tipsy as did Rodger. She excused herself in order to visit the ladies room to powder her nose and as she stood, the effects of the alcohol had rendered her unstable and she tumbled over landing in Rodgers lap. Although she was still on her feet, she found that her left hand had landed in Rodger's lap. Before she pushed herself back to vertical, she realized that her hand had a good grip around what seemed to be a very large piece of sausage. It became very obvious to Jen how much she was turning Rodger on. She stayed in this position for a moment and managed the courage from her deep curiosity to actually fondle Rodger's manhood up, down and around. Rodger didn't discourage Jen and asked her if she liked what she felt. Jen still in disbelief moaned, "Holy Fuck, Rodger! I hope this isn't your cock in my hand!"

"Oh don't be embarrassed Jen. I can understand you are a little uncomfortable, but what did you think it was?", he responded.

"Rodger, I have a dildo at home that I know is not as big as this piece of meat." "I am serious Rodger, I have never felt a cock as big as this."

With that, Jen stood up straight and hightailed her sweet hard ass to the ladies room. Once inside the ladies room, Jen immediately headed for the sinks and the cold water. She splashed some water on her face to sober herself up and compose herself. "I can't believe the size of that man." she said quietly to herself. "There is no way that I am going to take that. He is going to break me in two or maybe three." Jen then realized what she had just done. She had just admitted to herself that she was thinking of sleeping with this man, a former boss of hers. She looked in the mirror and smiled at her reflection. At that point she knew that she had to see this man's dick and hopefully have him completely fill her up. After completing her business, Jen returned to the sofa. Rodger was there waiting. They were obviously on the same wavelength as Rodger had paid the waitress for the drinks and asked Jen if she would like to see his new apartment.

Rodger escorted Jen to the exit and whisked her off quickly to his city centre loft. 

Jen entered the apartment. It had 20 foot high ceilings and was for the most part one big room with smaller rooms sectioned off of the centre. As she made her way to one side of the "great room" to peruse his DVD and CD collection, Rodger sauntered off to the bar area to make a couple of drinks. Jen was very impressed with his style. She put on a CD of light jazz and slumped in the brown suede loveseat. Rodger brought the drinks, sat them beside her on the adjacent coffee table and moved his hands to her shoulder to provide her with a gentle massage.

"mmm, that feels great.", she cooed. "You are turning me on, be prepared to finish what you start big guy"

That was all Rodger needed to hear as he continued the massage and then carefully began to slowly explore the regions of her body below her shoulders.

Jen had her eyes closed throughout this tantalizing seduction but in contrast, had slowly opened her stocking clad slender yet muscular legs. As she did, Rodger had a perfect view of two of the finest legs he had set his eyes on. Her feet were on the floor, the stiletto heels almost digging into the hardwood floor under them. Her shapely calves were soft and smooth looking. Her thighs were being more and more exposed as she continued to spread her legs wider and wider. Rodger could see the darker heavier elasticized material at the top of her chiseled thighs. As her legs slowly spread even further, Jen's hand moved from her side to the insides of her thigh and lap. Her hand completed the task of raising her mini skirt. Rodger could see the patch of skin above her stocking tops and below her panties. Jen wore a tiny lacey black bikini pair of panties. They rode high on her hips. Jen slipped her middle finger of her left hand inside the seam of the panties and gingerly moved the shroud of satin to the side of a well manicured pussy. Jen had trimmed herself earlier in the evening. She shaved the hair around her lips completely and left a small stripe of pubic hair approximately one inch wide. Her right hand had the pleasure of stroking her silky lips up and down with a precision that only a woman could have. This spectacular sight was viewed in awe by Rodger who was still massaging and caressing Jen's shoulders and small but firm and soft breasts. His cock was raging at the cotton fabric in his groin.

Jen continued the finger dance on her soft long lips and at the same time was managing to tickle and flick the hood of her womanhood with the thumb of her other hand. Her tongue slowly but unconsciously licked her upper lip from right to left as her lips were parted slowly and allowed the slightest of moans escape from her mouth. Her eyes were still shut tight and after about 10 minutes of manual pleasuring, Roger stopped his gentle caresses and positioned himself in front of her on his knees. While he knelt and leaned down toward her sweet honey pot, she lifted her butt and effortlessly slid her black panties to her ankles and then on to the floor. Rodger put his hands on her hips on either side and slowly but gently began to pleasure Jen with his expert tongue. Jen responded positively to this manipulation and started to grind her hips up off of the sofa and in to his eagerly waiting face, mouth and tongue. Jen had not yet cum but she was very close. Her ripe and musky odour had filled the room and her moans were becoming louder and more frequent. Rodger tickled and licked her outer lips with the grace of a ballet dancer. As his tongue sank into the depths of Jen's warm slit, his nose teased, poked and swelled Jen's womanly bud. Rodger was working her into and orgasmic crescendo. Jen's fingers moved from her hips and into the curly locks on Roger's head. As her pleasure escalated she pulled his face closer to her warm and wet gash. Her hips started to buck forcibly up and down against his face that was now almost suffocated in her musky womanly scent. At this moment Jen could feel her orgasm beginning to swell in the bowels of her soul. The feeling of pleasure between her legs was too intense as she bellowed out an ear piercing scream that echoed amongst the rafters in the lofty apartment. Her fingers tightened her grip on his hair as the goose bumps almost jumped from her thighs.

"Oh God, Oh Fuck, Ooooohhhhhh Fuuuuuuccccckkkkk".

With that brief comment on her feelings, Jen broke her grip on Rodger's hair and slumped back down in the couch. Her head and upper back were the only body parts that remained on the sofa as her pleasure was so intense that she moved her lover who was twice the size of her, back almost a foot from where he started. Rodger looked up at his satiated goddess. Her shirt was now undone where it once was tied. Her lacey bra was covering only one of her sculpted tiny breasts and her skirt was a mangled piece of material balled up in a bunch around her waist.

After a brief moment of relaxation and rest, Jen caught her breath and looked into Rodger's eyes and lustily said, "That was in-fucking-credible, I don't know who taught you how to pleasure a woman like that, but they should be awarded with a medal." She leaned over and began to kiss Rodger. Her tongue tangled in and out of his mouth as she managed to get him on the sofa and herself now on her knees on the sofa between his legs. She had managed to shed all of her clothes and began to lift Rodger's sweater over his head to expose his sculpted chest and conditioned stomach. Jen began to descend her way lower on his body. She kissed and nibbled her way down. She was now on her knees and with stoic perseverance, she unbuckled his black leather belt, unbuttoned the top of his trousers and effortlessly pulled the zipper of his pants to its base. Rodger lifted his hips from the sofa and helped her slide the khakis to the floor. He sat before Jen in white boxer briefs. His arousal level was very evident to Jen as she, still in disbelief of his size, could see the bulging shadow of his trouser snake pushed against his under shorts and almost to the hemline of his briefs, halfway down his left leg. She also noticed a small round stain near the head of his snake. Seeing his arousal made Jen very hungry for meat. She quickly pulled down the shorts with the eager help of her soon to be victim of prey. Rodger was so hard that the elastic tension in his manhood almost decapitated her as it sprang from its confines and bashed against his lower stomach. Jen wasted no time and reached with her right hand to control her one eyed beast. Her hand which was small even for a woman could only cover half of the circumference of this tube steak. She quickly summoned the help of her left hand to tackle this rather larger and awe inspiring task. Her two hands clasped one another at the base of his manhood. His precum and her drool managed to lubricate his shaft enough for her to begin to slowly stroke the shaft up and down. Jen looked in his eyes and he returned the firey stare. Her paced consistently quickened and Rodger could begin to feel the heat she was creating. Jen wanting to return the oral favours opened her mouth in optimism as she engulfed the head of his serpent which to her felt like she was inserting a whole apple into her mouth. Jen was capable of swallowing about 4 or 5 inches of his cock and that was all. She slowly started bobbing her head up and down on his silky shaft. Rodger felt like he had died and gone to heaven. It felt like this was the most any woman had ever gotten into her mouth. But Rodger was in for a big surprise. Jen was just getting started. She had worked up quite a froth at the base of his cock as she continued to pump his cock with the grip of a vice. Jen had an odd bodily function that caused her saliva glands to go crazy and super grease anything that hit the back of her throat. What sent Rodger over the edge and to the point of no return happened next. After feeling she had had enough oral sex, and wanted that piece in her twat, Jen turned on the Hoover. For a small girl she had the suction of vacuum cleaner. Jen was capable of sealing her lips around a man's shaft and creating negative forces on a man's cock that basically sucked the cream straight from his balls. This was too wild for Rodger and he exploded his load against the back of her mouth and down her throat. With natural reflexes taking over, Jen pulled the gushing hose from her mouth so as not to suffocate in cum. With that, Rodger's cock continued to spew its hot lava all over Jens face. Hot semen shot in thick streams across her nose, her cheeks into her eyes and hair. Rodger who hadn't ejaculated for a week and who had been so painstakingly teased for the past two hours emptied about 5 ounces of cream all over her face. He slumped back into the sofa and welcomed Jen as she cozied up to him, the two of them as naked as they were when born.

The two stayed cuddled for a half hour as they continued to fill each other in on some of the good times that each of them had in the past five years. They continued to caress each other and playfully lick pinch and nip at each others bodies as the other one recounted one of their fantastic stories. Eventually Jen's left hand wandered down to Rodger's groin and began to encourage his member to stiffen and rise. In no time Rodger's cock was as hard as steel and his pulse could be measured by its constant throbs. Jen kept her right hand on his shoulder and steadied herself over top of Rodger who remained seated in the sofa. She never let her grip go of his meat and once she was centered over him she slowly let her self down on to him. She guided his cock into her waiting cunt with her left hand. She had her weight on her feet as she made her descent by bending her knees. She looked like a bat catcher slowly squatting down for the next pitch. She needed to have this control so that Rodger didn't split her in two. The precum from his cock made the entry a little easier and it split the lips of her pussy wide and fast. Not ever having such a huge man inside of her, she instinctively bounced up as a little pain shot from her pussy to her brain. She again hesitantly tried again. Eventually her pussy widened and the lips surrounded his bulbous head. She lowered herself gingerly. Her pace accelerated and her pussy gripped the outer walls of Rodgers huge shaft. As the pace quickened, so did the force of her cunt. More and more of Rodger sunk into her. Rodger who wanted to ease her onto him realized that Jen was in a zone now and he began to now gently drive his hips up to her waiting groin. After about 5 minutes of rhythmic thrusts, Rodger was now completely filling his old friend to the hilt. Jen could feel his iron pole hitting her insides around her stomach. Jen was not keeping her enjoyment to herself. As if a witch or monk in a ceremonial trance Jen was expressing her pleasant sensations to anyone that could hear.

"Ohh God, Oh Oh FFFuuuccck! Unh, shit, unh God, oohhh fuck. Fuck, unh. Your cock is so big! Ungghh Fuck, shit, unnhhh, ahhh, unnnh. Ahhh, I'm gonna split. Oh fuck, fuck, unhh"

Jen was mesmerized. For the second time that night she had a body wrenching orgasm. Her cream lathered the length of Rodger's shaft.

Rodger put both hands on either side of Jen's waist and with great strength picked her up while still keeping his tool buried into her tight little pussy. As he stood in front of the sofa he began to slide Jen up and down on his big cock. Jen had never been fucked like this and couldn't believe Rodger's unassuming brute strength. She was still in heaven and enjoying every minute of this thorough fucking. Her pussy gripped his cock like there was no tomorrow and she began to create her own leverage while pounding down on his cock. Her sculpted thighs were tight around Rodger's waist. As she squeezed her thighs she simultaneously rose inches up the shaft of his cock and squeezed his dick with vice grip like force. The two fucked this way for another 10 minutes and then Jen told Rodger she wanted to be fucked like a dog. Rodger eased Jen down and kneeled behind Jen as he steered his magical wand into the confines of Jen's wet and warm pussy. He spread a bit of the slick white froth which was bountiful at the lips of her womanhood, over the tip of his mushroomed head. Both hands gripped their respective hips and slowly guided Jen back several inches onto his cock.

"Fuck! You have the biggest cock I have ever had Rodger" she said in half pain and half ecstasy.

"Stuff that cock in me lover. Fill me up fucker! God your cock feels sooooo good" she continued.

Rodger's speed accelerated as he continued to stuff more cock inside of his wanting partner. His balls were swinging in pendulum fashion and giving Jen's clit a beating every time he filled her love canal.

"Oh fuck you're tight, you little slut! You feel so good. Your cunt is so wet. I'm gonna fuck you silly." Rodger said with force.

He continued to fuck Jen with ferocity. He was pounding her so hard that her whole body was inching forward with the force of each forward thrust. Her sweaty knees were sliding on the hardwood floor and she could do nothing about it. Rodger fucked her hard and long and soon had her head and shoulders pinned against a wall. She could go no further and was now really getting fucked. Rodger's cock was hitting her deep and with the wall now stopping her forward movement, Jen's pussy and little frame were now getting the brunt of his power fuck.

Rodger was now at top speed and hitting bottom with every stroke. He could feel the cum bubbling in his balls as Jen whimpered in ecstasy.

Before he blew, Rodger pulled out his hammer and shot a thick rope of cum along the backside of his partner. The front of the blast landed in Jen's hair and the end of the rope ended three inches below her neck. The second and final loads landed on the crack of her ass and dribbled down her pussy as if to sooth the pulverized flesh.

After a few minutes the two slumped in a heap on the couch. Jen lay nestled on Rodger's big frame and fell asleep from sheer exhaustion.

Jen stayed the night with Rodger. In the morning the two had breakfast together as they discussed the pleasantries of the evening before. Jen was hooked.

"I wish I had known about that cock of yours five years ago Rodger.", she said.

"Well I knew you would have a tight little pussy Jen, but I just needed an opportunity to see you again away from work", he replied.

Jen had a long hot shower before leaving his apartment. The two exchanged phone numbers. It was Jen's responsibility to call Rodger for their next date. She told him that her pussy was fucked raw and that she would need a few days to recover but that she wanted another piece of his salami. She also had a surprise in mind which she knew he would like.

To be continued...