 The towers of the Eros Hotel, a great neo-gothic vision of rich stone and gleaming metal, stood like a great pillar of warmth against the grey-scale darkness of the New York City winter. 

Jennifer didn't know what to expect on the inside, but from the outside the Eros Hotel had a mystique to match its name. Her long legs extended to clear a puddle as she crossed the street in front of the hotel, and cab behind the red light honked at her passing ass.

Jennifer had to be used to it by now. She was a fitness model, and something of a celebrity in a body-obsessed youth culture and its ancillary consciousness, the social media complex. She had been invited to the Eros' grand opening to attend a "Symposium on Beauty's Future...Now!" 

She'd balked at the name, but on a whim she'd accepted an invitation to speak and, she hoped, not to be strung up for deciding to post pictures of herself in yoga pants on the internet by a crowd of gawking mothers in cable-knits.

Didn't feminism mean that Jennifer, as a woman, didn't have to take shit from anyone if she felt like showing the world some negotiated version of her naked form? Who really knew at this point. Jennifer set her teeth to her bottom lip as the porter opened the great glass door of the Eros and set her long, gym-tapered leg through into a warmth so rich she could scarcely remember the cold. 

Inside, the hotel stood, enraptured in its own magnificence. A dark crimson cathedral, a vaulted field of ceilings interlocking, from them falling great sculpted buttresses and facades of marble. An elaborate fountain took the center of the tiled marble.

The Eros contained a panoply of the beautiful so decadent Jennifer wondered if she had been lured into some bizarre singles party for the young, the beautiful and the extremely fit. Leggy amazons and would-be supermen lines the place, exchanging model's greetings and model's small talk, wandering and haughty eyes sizing up friends, enemies, and targets. 

Jennifer knew the crowd, and knew she was one of many "fit chicks" at the Eros tonight. Was that reassuring somehow? 

Perhaps not. For even still, eyes fell on her. The assembled beautiful were never reassured by the presence of one another, Jennifer remembered. The insecurity that fueled their physical obsession only bristled at the sight of so many competitors. And Jennifer could feel the room bristle at her arrival. Everyone knew her face, or some part of her body, Jennifer reasoned. She found many more eyes staring just behind her than right at her, so to speak.

Even still, she had to maneuver through an obstinate crowd to the reception desk. A short and feline man stood behind a cobalt marble embankment,the front desk of the Eros. His hair, shaven close at the sides, was oiled and slicked into a quavering pompadour, and his smile moved with visible elegance; Jennifer could trace its progression across his cheeks as he regarded her approach and began to speak.

"Welcome, Ms. Summers. We've been expecting your arrival, and may I say you're looking just smashing this evening!" said the concierge, brightly enough to make drain the comment of subtext. Jennifer caught his name, Ramon, from his glinting brass name tag as a porter took her trench coat. 

She stood under the lights of The Eros in a tight black halter with wire-sculpted-torso and a bandage-wrap, gunmetal dark pencil skirt that hit above the knee, showing ample slim leg and romancing the divinely perky cheeks of Jennifer's famous ass. Between the two, bare midriff showed a set of sinuate abdominals, visible beneath Jennifer's tan, fine skin no matter how she sat or stood.

Jennifer's face was drawn sharp and sleek as her figure, usually frozen into an unaffected pout. Her smile came slow and a little unpracticed in reply to Ramon's chipper salvo. "Thank you, I...I'd like to check in and see my room. I have to ask...is this really a conference?" Jennifer asked, leaning in to Ramon and smelling thick cologne. The concierge nodded, his grin growing cheshire wide as he nodded vigorously.

"Oh yes, Ms. Summers! We're delighted that you could join us for our first symposium. We plan, this weekend, to explore every glory of the 21st century body. You'll see demonstrations going on throughout our gallery, and if you'd like you'd be more than welcome to put on one of your own..."

Jennifer blinked. As Ramon spoke her eyes had wandered beyond the expansive, cathedral-like lobby of the Eros and through its back wall, made all of glass, just behind the reception desk. Behind it, a massive crystalline blue pool contained a single swimmer, rippling through the water at astonishing speed. The bold, broad-sculpted shoulders of a beautiful man came surging from the water, his long, sinewy arms fanning out in final butterfly stroke and met the sides of the pool.

As if in one motion he met the pool's edge and hauled himself up, out of it, a long and positively built torso, his trapezius rippling with the power to effortlessly hoist himself onto his feet at the pool. Rising, Jennifer could see that he stood easily 6'4" or taller, his whole body a cathedral of male power and physique that rivaled the decadent splendor of the Eros itself. 

Ramon seemed to catch Jennifer's gaze and to know its target, for he smiled knowingly without looking behind and said, "Ah, that's Xavi." Jennifer felt a dull rumble in her core. "Another guest here, of course. A musician, I'm told, apparently he's quite good!" Ramon's words turned upward at the end of his declaration, his practiced grin encroaching his face again.

Jennifer's mind was suddenly filled with questions. "A musician? Why haven't I heard of him? Is he famous?" Jenn almost dug her nail into her palm to stop herself. That was hardly a becoming outburst, she thought. Independence shouldn't ask so many questions about mysterious musicians with wicked, chiseled bodies. Ramon only chuckled in reply.

"Why don't you go ask him yourself?" he said, motioning her to the partition and glass doors between lobby and pool. Jenn took no time to answer. She found herself walk past the reception desk, her purse forgotten, toward the double doors that separated buzzing lobby to the serene, rippling pool. Jennifer felt she could see the colors of her world shift, churning rich reds into pale crystalline blues. 

Electric anticipation seemed to run along the walls as she strutted, hips swaying, toward the reposing Xavi, reaching for his towel and dabbing at his broad chest. His shoulders and back were adorned with elaborate, constellation-like tattoos, a winged cuneiform done all in glowing cobalt ink. 

His face bore a lethal bearing that all but melted Jennifer as she drew near him. She thanked god for the hours of sculpting she had submitted her body to, sidling up to this hunk of man. Wasn't this the truest luxury of beauty? To behold panty-melting perfection, and know all you have to do is walk up close and say hello.

When Xavi's bright grey eyes fell on Jennifer Summers, they flicked instinctively down the long, slashing arch of her spine, taking in the balletic curve of her ass where it met her lower back. Those tapering, decadent long legs and spike heels that made her calves pop beneath her skirt etched dizzying calligraphy into Xavi's vision as she closed the distance between them, her hips swaying as if displaying their superior ability to do even that. 

Xavi took in her six pack, her sharp and aggressive beauty, reeking of confidence, and may have had a similar thought of thanks to his creator for blessing him with a physique as astonishing as this woman's.

"And who are you?" he asked finally. He toweled his raven-black hair, shot through with a thick lock of silver at the front, a birthmark perhaps? Jennifer found herself watching his arms as he aerobically sifted the towel through his dark hair, elbows at chest height so she could see his whole torso in the act. Delicious.

"Jennifer Summers. I saw you swimming, I just wanted to come get a closer look at you," Jennifer said, and fought a lunatic urge to throw her hands over her mouth immediately after. When had she ever been so brazen with anyone in her life? What had she done? The very sight of this man had brought something primal out of Jenn. A hotel where her spectacular beauty was openly courted, all but the norm, had made Jenn bold, eager and afraid to test the rules of this heightened, beautiful new environ.

The opportunity only presented itself so often, Jennifer reasoned.

Xavi only smiled wider, his dark features revealing a secret, wide grin that made Jennifer quiver. "A closer look, well..." he took three long, loping steps, his trim waist striating under his flexing abs to bring him foot-to-foot with Jennifer. She gasped. His beautiful pectorals had overtaken her field of vision.

"This close enough now?" he asked with a wicked grin. He kept his arms to his sides, taking in a deep breath and standing up straight, curving backward to let his abs open up to her eyes. Jennifer let out a long, low groan and found her hands running down the long, incredible plates of his muscles, tracing the tattooed serpent that made its way down his left shoulder, to his flank. 

"That's...incredible," Jennifer breathed. She lifted her eyes to meet his from the first word to the second, her voice seeming to drop an octave into a dusky coo. She fitted her fingers into the grooves of his abs and pressed with her nails. The feel of his body's disregard for her faint attack, its immutable resistance to her touch, made her moan and press her chest to his abs, rubbing her budding nipples against him through her halter and emitting a throaty moan.

Jennifer could not explain how the next moments, minutes, hours of her visit to The Eros transpired, though she could account for every one of her actions. What she could not account for was how her experience with Xavi, in his private hottub, overlooking the New York skyline and central park, was even possible.

Jennifer remembered taking Xavi's hand and letting him lead her, still dripping wet, to a private elevator. She remembered none of the ride up, nor entering his suite. She remembered stripping for him on the edge of the hottub while he sat naked within it, stroking an erection in his lap that looked to be the size of a tennis ball cannister, from where Jennifer perched, dancing long waves down her torso and spine, her ass popping in the air. 

She tossed her hair back, flashing him a risque grin as she bent over and unzipped her pencil skirt, letting it fall down her legs to reveal her nearly naked ass. Xavi groaned low, rumbling approval and Jenn shivered with delight, her black brazilian cut thong soon to follow. Whimpering, she felt twin rivulets of her pussy juice running down her inner thighs. What had this man done to her?

Jennifer remembered being naked, still teasing her rippling adonis, the desire to exalt in her own body, and his desire for it, coming to fiercely possess her. She lifted both legs into a dance-like crouch as she tucked herself into the hottub, splashing the sudsy waters over her ripe, pert breasts and feeling it trickle through the grooves of her belly.

"This close enough for you?" she retorted, in a cooing down voice. As she spoke, her eyes fixed themselves on the water rippling around Xavi's cock head, cresting the water's surface like a thick and meaty leviathan. 

A masculine scepter that no feverish devotion to the gym could achieve, a mark of Xavi's potency, his supremacy. Jennifer became lost in the vision of Xavi's Olympian body and the stallion-like penis to match, erupting out of the frothing water and seeming to radiate a power that brought a savory hunger to Jennifer's lips...the sister to a quivering need that had been burning for a long time now, between her sleek thighs.

Xavi smirked in reply. "Not nearly," he crooned, and crooked a finger to her. "Come here and sit on my lap, Jennifer," he said, and Jenn floated through the hottub to his knees, purring her approval at the heat of his flesh under her hands.

"God that's just so fucking incredible," she breathed to herself as she ran her hands along Xavi's thighs, then pulled herself up, dragging her cleavage and her six-pack abs across the titanic underside of his dick. She felt its true size before she saw it that night, and as she spread her fit long legs and straddled his thighs she felt his immense shaft, radiating warmth and pressed against her, covering from her pubis up and across her belly, nearly to her breast in its erotic, pulsing heat. 

The mere touch, the realization of Xavi's superior endowment in Jennifer's mind, had unlocked a gasping, lustful underswell to simmer up over the crown of Jennifer's being. She ground her engorged clit, throbbing with mad excitement, against the base of Xavi's shaft, gasping at the astounding hardness and the pleasure it rewarded her every movement with. She gasped aloud, her eyes locked on his as her mouth opened in bodily shock.

Xavi snatched her lower lip in his teeth, softly and with practiced ability, and suckled it gently. Jennifer felt her sex quiver against the hot bed of Xavi's dick, feeling the muscles of her core shiver as he snapped her lips into a deep, searching kiss. She wrapped her arms around his shoulders as she melted against his muscular chest and devastating touch, and a low growl of triumphant lust brewed in Xavi's throat. 

Jennifer arched her back to press Xavi's cock between her belly and his, moaning as she offered him her tongue and ground her abs against her lover's enormous length. 

Like some primal sex god, she felt her lust for him inhabit her body, bringing her fingers to bear against the vast continents of his back muscles, moaning against into his mouth as she touched them in wonder and raked her nails across, clinging to him as he sawed her clit against the under-barrel of his immense phallus.

Jennifer had never felt the need to so fiercely kiss a man, to want to take a piece of him at first taste. She returned the loving bite to his lower lip, a low mirthful laugh escaping them both at the trick, before Jennifer and Xavi groaned into each other's mouths, their exquisite bodies finding all manner of ways to enmesh and enjoin one another. 

"You're a fucking epic woman," Xavi said into her ear, as his hips tortioned upward, dragging his immense manhood across her stomach. Jenn and Xavi both groaned again at the exultant feeling of beastly dick grinding across beautiful, perfect abs.

Jennifer flipped her hair and let her tongue slide into Xavi's ear. His arms fell back onto the hottub's edge, she having found his weakspot, her plaything for the moment.

"Say it like you mean it, honey...yeah, you fucking sex god..." she purred, warm breath teasing his ear between trailing, lavish kissing across his slashing cheekbones and chiseled jaw. 

She drew her tongue along his muscles, marveling at the intoxicating warmth and firmness of his body. She felt at his corded shoulders and spread her legs wider, wrapping her calves around Xavi's stallion thighs and pressing her vagina, shaved and warm and now quivering wet, into the fat base of his dick. 

They kissed again for a long stretch before Xavi spoke again. Jenn's arms hung over his shoulders and his hands were wrapped around her trim waist, her obliques flexing as she did a slow, exultant lambada against Xavi's penis, its epic size allowing her to stroke her clit against its vast sides, whole walls of cock meat with which to pleasure herself. It was a luxuriant, decadent pleasure toy, this man's fantastic body and its stallion cock.

Jennifer quivered, nearing orgasm when Xavi finally extricated his tongue from her mouth, a gossamer trail of her longing saliva hanging from her lip, hanging open, staring at Xavi in erotic awe.

"You're a fucking epic, fit bitch!" Xavi growled. With those words his strong hands wrapped around Jennifer's round, fit bubble butt and raked her throbbing clit up along his entire pole, a long journey that tore a throaty, gasping, wracking orgasm from her

"Oh! God...FUCK!" Jennifer shrieked, her voiced possessed of a lascivious purr she barely recognized, a hot cry of sexual wonder brought up from the depths of her by the throbbing, vein-ridge high walls of Xavi's unbelievable big dick. 

She mashed her lips against his, cradling his hair as she rode the waves of immaculate orgasm into a blissful denouement, rubbing her naked breasts against his plate pectorals and reaching down, bliss-drunk, to stroke her needy fingers over the fat head of his immensity.

Xavi groaned again as Jennifer took his huge dick in her hands, clever digits finding the nodes of pleasure all over his immense shaft and crown. "You're a magnificent beast, Xavi," Jennifer said, husky and delicate, at one point. "I've never even seen such a big fucking cock," she purred, delighting in the newfound throb of sensuality of her words, of her awakened, bliss-laden body.

"Just look at your fucking body," Jennifer continued, knowing it would draw his eyes to hers in turn. Jennifer was drunk from the touch of Xavi's magnificent pillar. Her free hand stroked his abs with beloved care as she pumped his huge length from base to crown, her fingers and thumb never touching the whole journey. Jennifer fit her lush slashing mouth against Xavi's ear. 

"You're a fucking sex god, and you know it. I can't believe I'm even doing this..." she purred as she straddled him once more and resumed stroking her wet, needy flower against the base of his dick, as both her hands now fell upon the immense head and shaft. "Tell me how big it is? I know you've measured. Men like you must measure.Or maybe you get a girl to do it for you," Jennifer chuckled, her lips teasing Xavi's as she twisted her wrists, stroking in corkscrew formation over his mighty thickness, her hands hot and soft and moving quick in the warm water. 

Xavi closed his eyes, head tipping back. She pressed the helmet head to her abs and let it rub against against the center groove of her torso, a free hand ruffling her hair in play as she opened her mouth and moaned.

"God, I wanna fuck you whole fucking body," Jennifer said, mad with confidence now, as she arched her back into a great sinuate curve and lathed her pussy and down the length of Xavi's huge dick. "It's a fucking...huge...beast dick," she growled between moans, before she shrieked and came again, shucking her clit up the ridge of Xavi's dick with brutal determination, rewarded with high-voltage, shuddering climax.

Xavi stirred once again, reaching forward with athletic, spring-coiled speed and gripping Jennifer's chiseled hips. As she rode the crest of her orgasm he yanked her pussy up the crown of his dick and torqued his hips up and forward, impaling Jenn's thrashing cunt on his immensity.

The sudden contraction of her tight, fit pussy over Xavi's huge beast dick elicited a squirting, operatic climax from Jennifer, a fantastic display that shook her from clit to womb to the top of her spine and back down again. She felt him stretching her entire fit physique into new shapes, new constellations of exertion: she was coming harder than she had ever come in her life, and he wasn't even balls deep. She couldn't have known that he had only given her half his incredible endowment.

An olympic, vascular display took place in that hottub, Jennifer using her aerobic hips, bursting thick ass and chiseled abs to slam her quivering, ejaculating pussy over Xavi's vein-ridged, enormous penis. Its size and shape brought sobbing pleasure to her, opening her body in ways she had never imagined. She could feel every detail of the vein ridged landscape of Xavi's enormous godcock.

Jennifer rode Xavi in all manner of athletic poses, her favorite being backward with her legs scissored around, her hands held in his, spread eagled against the bedrock of his chest and torquing her rippling ass ferociously against the hammerblows of Xavi's thrusting hips. His cock impaled a rouged continent of crimson thrill at the back of Jennifer's womb, beneath her flexing abs, and she howled, "FUCK ME, YOU GORGEOUS STUD!" to Xavi as she lifted her pussy lips to the crown and squirted sweet, hot nectar over Xavi's pulsing cock and into the swirling waters of the tub around them.
