 With my camera equipment over my shoulder, I stood outside the front door after ringing her doorbell. The door opened, and I was greeted with her familiar dazzling smile.

"You're right on time," she grinned inviting me in. My eyes devoured her exquisite beauty. She was wearing a low cut top with no bra that showed off her bountiful cleavage and a short tight skirt with high heels that emphasized her shapely tanned legs.

I felt my cock begin to stir as I thought about photographing this beautiful woman as I followed her into her living room. We sat and chatted a few minutes.

"I'd like to surprise my husband with some interesting photos," she smiled.

"Interesting photos?" I asked.

"Yes, he likes my body, and I'd like to have some photos that will turn him on," she explained.

"Well, you ARE very attractive!" I assured her.

"Thank you," she grinned. "You're more handsome than I expected.

I smiled as my cock began to stir inside my pants. "Would you mind if I take some photos of you as we talk?"

"No. Go right ahead."

I stood in front of her and began photographing. Her smile would make any man melt, and her exposed cleavage was breathtaking!

"He really likes my big boobs," she giggled causing her large breasts to jiggle.

"I can see why. They're fabulous!" I exclaimed as I continued photographing during our conversation.

"Are you a breast man too?" she asked

"Yes. Very much so."

"Good. Then you might enjoy photographing mine," she laughed. "So your wife has large breasts?"

"No."

"Aww, that's too bad." She reached in her top and pulled out both of her globes. "Are these big enough for you?" she grinned.

"Oh, MY!" I gasped, the site of her huge endowment taking my breath away. 

She then cupped her hands under her globes and held them up saying, "I know they sag too much. I wish they were more perky."

"NO!" I protested. They look beautiful when they hang naturally!"

Taking her hands from her breasts, they fell and hung in their gorgeous natural state. "You sound just like my husband," she smiled.

"Well, I guess we both have good taste," I now focused my camera on her delicious big tits.

She lifted one breast to her lips and began sucking her own nipple while looking into the camera.

"Magnificent!" I murmured as I photographed.

Letting her globe drop from her mouth, she said, "It feels better when a man sucks them."

With her big tits now hanging out in their splendid glory, she leaned back and spread her legs exposing her bare pussy under her short skirt."

"Nice!" I knelt down capturing her pose.

"So big tits aren't all you like in a woman, huh?" she quipped.

"Not at all," I laughed.

As I moved in to take a close-up of her womanhood, she hiked up her skirt and spread her legs even wider.

"How does it look?" she teased.

"Delicious!" I answered a bit too enthusiastically. I loved the way her trimmed pubic hair framed her pussy lips.

"Hmm, then I take it you're not opposed to eating pussy?" she giggled.

"Not at all!"

"Good. I wish my husband felt the same way," she frowned.

"Are you serious?!" I exclaimed.

"Yeah. Yet he always wants me to suck his dick."

"That's not fair!"

"I agree," she said.

I watched as she slowly inserted the tip of one finger into her moist pussy and then put it to her lips, the tip of her tongue tasting her own wetness.

"Wow!" was all I could say.

She smiled, stood up, and bent over as she stepped out of her skirt while I captured her pendulous beasts as they hung down. She then took off her top and stood in front of me in her naked glory wearing only her high heels.

"You're MAGNIFICENT!" I gasped.

"I feel a little awkward standing here naked with you all dressed. Would you mind taking off your clothes as you photograph me?"

"That wouldn't make you feel uncomfortable?" I asked.

"Just the opposite. I wouldn't feel quite as awkward."

I sat the camera down, and took off my shirt. I kicked off my shoes and socks and unbuckled my pants. She watched as I stepped out of them, my half erect cock swaying.

"Nice. Very nice!" she exclaimed smiling, her eyes focused on my manhood. "I'm glad to see I'm not the only one getting turned on by this photo shoot."

"Well you ARE a very attractive and desirable woman," I assured her as the two of us stood in front of each other naked.

"Do other women get turned on when you photograph them," she asked.

"Sometimes."

"Do you get turned on when you photograph them?"

"Sometimes."

I photographed her as she stood posing in various positions.

"So I assume you give your wife oral?"

"Yes."

"And she returns the favor?"

"Yes."

"Is she good?"

"Yeah."

"Is she best you've ever had?"

"Well.... Not exactly," I answered honestly.

"Not exactly?"

"Well. She does it, but I don't climax in her mouth."

"You don't want to climax in her mouth?"

"Well, sometimes I'd like to. But she wouldn't like that, and I wouldn't want to offend her."

"That's too bad," she said sympathetically. "I love to make my man come in my mouth. And I swallow," she added.

"Wow!"

"Can we take some photos of me in my bed?" she asked.

"Sure," 

I followed this gorgeous naked woman back to her bedroom. 

She turned down the sheets, kicked off her high heels, and hopped into bed. 

I took numerous photos as she posed in various positions.

Then she stood up on her knees facing me with her hands on her hips – one of my favorite poses. She took her right tit in her hands and moved it to her mouth and kissed her nipple. Looking into my eyes she began sucking, knowing the effect it was going to have on me.

Letting her nipple slip from her lips she smiled, "Ooooo, I see you like that," her eyes again focused on my hardening cock.

"I do," I admitted, not able to deny my obvious excitement.

"Would you like to play with my big tits?" she asked boldly.

"What about your husband?" I asked.

"Do you care?" she responded.

I ached for this beautiful woman, not sure how far she'd let me go, but eager to find out.

I placed the camera on the nightstand and crawled into bed with her. As she lay there smiling up at me, I leaned down and gently kissed the most gorgeous woman I had ever met. Our tender kiss quickly turned into heated passion as we urgently explored each other's mouth with our tongues.

I then moved down and hungrily began fondling and sucking her magnificent tits as she cooed her approval while caressing my head gently. My cock was now rock hard with desire.

I stood up on my knees, and she spread her legs invitingly. I moved over and positioned myself between her spread legs, my manhood jutting upward.

Staring at my physical passion for her, she smiled her approval. "Nice cock," she grinned.

I looked down at her, her beautiful face, her huge tits hanging to her sides, and her perfectly trimmed pussy. I was going to devour this divine woman!

As I started to move my face to her pussy, she realized what was about to happen and moaned, "Oh my god!" 

I gently buried my face in her pussy, relishing her scent. Then I began to gently lick her aroused cunt lips and clit. She squirmed with pleasure under my sexual assault moaning with joy. I felt her hands caress my head as I lapped her sweet juices. I tenderly licked her hardened clit with my tongue. 

She moaned, "Oh god that feels so good!"

Encouraged by her excitement, I began to lick circles around her excited clitoris, her hands pulling my face tightly against her groin. I knew I had her close and began to lap her sensitive clit.

"Oh god that feels so FUCKING good!" she gasped. 

I licked harder causing her to groan louder and louder until she screamed, "OH MY GOD! OH MY GOD!!!" as her orgasm exploded throughout her body!

I pressed my tongue tightly against her clit knowing it was now too sensitive to lick as waves of orgasmic pleasure rippled throughout her quivering body. With my face buried against her womanhood, I savored the intense pleasure she was experiencing. 

As her body stopped shuddering in climax, she begged me, "Fuck me."

I again got up on my knees between her spread legs, my cock now hard as a rock jutting toward the ceiling and asked, "Are you sure?"

"Yes! Fuck me!" she begged.

I leaned down and teasingly rubbed the head of my pecker against her slippery wet cunt lips. I gazed down at this beautiful woman who was begging me to fuck her.

"FUCK ME!" she commanded desperately.

Without hesitation I rammed my cock into her up to my balls. 

"God, you feel so fucking good!" I groaned as I fucked her hard! 

It felt so good being inside her wet snatch, and I knew I couldn't last long, but I didn't care. I relished the sensation of my cock fucking this gorgeous woman, using her twat solely for my pleasure. As she was writhing and moaning loudly with pleasure under me, I felt my orgasm quickly approaching. I watched her big titties jostle as I humped her hard until I felt my climax explode. Then I rammed into her, burying my stiff cock deep inside her pussy, our pubic hair mashed together as I filled her with my seed.

"OH GOD! OH FUCK!" I groaned as I my cock throbbed, unloading inside her, my blindingly intense orgasm exploding from my loins as I filled her with my cum, waves of ecstatic pleasure overwhelming my body.

I finally collapsed on top of my lover, my prick still buried deep inside her, the last drops of my semen oozing from my spent cock deep inside her. I was totally exhausted, completely drained, absolutely satisfied.

I was in no hurry to pull out, but I was concerned that I might be too heavy on top her and started to pull out.

"No!" she protested. "Stay inside on top of me for a little while longer." She embraced me in her arms and gently kissed my cheek as we relished the wonderful feeling of our bodies joined, even though our urgent desires were now satisfied.

When I finally rolled off, we kissed tenderly. Turning on our sides, I cuddled up behind her, holding her in my arms in the spoon position, kissing her neck tenderly.

"Next time I want you to be my high school teacher, and I'll be your sexy student," she said softly.

"Sounds good," I answered again kissing her neck lovingly. "I love you."

"I love you too," she whispered.

We contentedly fell asleep as I held my loving wife securely in my arms.