 I was exhausted. Sitting at my desk at work after we had just done another deal with a major company to manage their finances which now brought our company's fund under management to just over 100 million dollars. I established the company 10 years ago with my best friend from university Ben. We were always super competitive against each other in regards to our marks, trying to be top of the class; we ended up becoming best mates due to it. As a friendship grew, we also became competitive to meet girls while drinking at the pub on a Friday and Saturday night. It was also one of these nights that i met my now wife Elizabeth (Liz for short) who also studies at the same university, but did a doctorate in medicine. We were both in our young twenties at the time and we hit it off straight away and i knew i had to be with her. She had long flowing dark brown hair, fair complexion with C cup breasts small round ass and amazing legs due to her being 175cm tall. As such, she had ample cleavage that she could show off as well as the legs for shorts skirts and dresses. She liked to keep herself in shape by doing a combination of yoga and sessions at the local gym. My name is Peter and I on the other hand have short ash blonde hair with a musclier build and 185 cm tall. I like to keep in shape by surfing around my local beaches in Sydney as well as swimming and jogging if the surf was flat.

Seeing the exhaustion on my face, Ben stated that i needed a break from work and suggested that i take time off from work to go on a holiday. It had been a long time since we had been away. The last proper vacation i had was with my wife on our honeymoon. That was 10 years ago now and time away from work does sound ideal.

"I do not have any ideas as to where Liz and i should go, do you have any suggestions?" I asked.

"Do you remember a few years ago how i went on a vacation and took Sally with me?" he replied.

"Yes i do, and i remember that you loved it and came back beaming from it. I could not wipe the smile off your face for a long time. You went to the Maldives didn't you?"

"Yes we did and i will let you on a little secret. The resort we went to is called The Erotic. They do have any websites so they are very hard to track down over the internet. It was suggested to me and i am suggesting it to you. If you and Liz have open minds, this is the resort for you." To which he handed me their contact details and Ben suggested that i discuss it with Liz and book.

That night when i got home from work, Liz looked amazing, despite the fact that she too had been working all day. She could have easily been a trophy wife since my salary was more than enough for both of us to live off, but she always maintained that she did not want to waste all the effort to get herself a doctorate and not use it. Over dinner and a glass of wine, i had discussed what Ben suggested in regards to taking a holiday and stated i had the contact details of a resort he recommended it to us if we were opened minded. 

"Given the name of the resort, what do you think open minded means?" Liz asked.

"A few things come to mind."

"Like what?"

I replied that i thought it might either be either a clothing optional resort or one where there is sex and orgies all over the place.

"What do you think it means?" i asked back to Liz.

"I am thinking the same as you." she replied.

I than started asking Liz how she would feel about being seen naked in public if it was clothing optional to which she replied that she would be ok with that considering everyone else would be doing it. This raised a smile with me, but she also asked how i would feel about it if my dick got hard for everyone to see. I confirmed with her that i would be more than happy with it given my dick would be hard. 

"If the resort does allow open sex, how would you feel if another woman wanted to have sex with me?" i asked. 

I was starting to think that Liz was opened to the idea. She had not said no yet and i got the impression we were starting to set up our boundaries if we went.

"i think it would be so sexy to watch you with another woman. I don't know if i would just watch or join you. But how would you feel if i wanted to blow another man or if he wanted to fuck me?" Liz responded.

I thought about for a brief second. The thought of her joining me for a potential threesome was starting to make my dick get hard and Liz knew i was starting to get uncomfortable in my pants. Seeing this, Liz stood up from the dining table and let me to the lounge. She insisted sit down for a moment to which i did. She took a step back and started to unzip her dress. The dress wasn't anything flash or sexy, but when she took off her dress, she had a black sheer bra and g string on. I could clearly see her erect nipples trying to break through the fabric and her bald pussy starting to leek moisture from within. This was starting to get me hotter as i love it when she wears sexy lingerie. She then grab me by the hand again and made me stand up and as i did she got on her knees and undid the zipper on my pants, grabbed my cock and pulled it out. My 8 inch cock staring her straight in the face and asked again, "how would you feel about me blowing another man or letting him fuck me?" to which Liz inhaled as much of my dick as possible.

I was not thinking straight now, and i did not care and i replied that i would high five the guy.

Liz stopped sucking my cock for a moment, looked up at me with a sly smile and asked "If i were to go down on another woman in a threesome, would you suck another man's cock?"

We had often discussed our fantasies with one another, i had admitted in the past that i had seen Ben naked before in the showers at the gym or down at the surf, the thought of sucking his dick had crossed my mind. Likewise, Liz had also stated that she would like to go down on Sally one day too as they had become best of friends as well.

"If it was the right guy, i think i could do that." I replied.

"Would you want to fuck him in the ass or would you let him fuck you in the ass too?"

By this time, i was starting to get to the point of no return with the amazing blow job i was getting. I could feel the cum building up in my balls and Liz started to notice this too and slowed down a little.

"I think i would allow that as long as we can double penetrate you."

Liz did not respond, but let out a moan of pleasure at the thought of it. It was at this point that i let Liz know that i going to cum. A couple of seconds later of this amazing blow job and i started to shoot ropes of cum down my sweet wife's throat. She opened her mouth for me after i stopped cumming and showed me what i had deposited into her mouth and then swallowed the whole lot in one go.

"i think you had better give them a call." She said getting up and walking to the kitchen to pour another glass of wine.

I proceeded to give them a call as it was still the middle of the day in the Maldives. I spoke to a lovely sweet sounding young lady on the phone and explained to her how we got their details. I then gave her my contact details including email so that she could send me all the necessary information about the resort. Ten minutes after the phone call had ended, i logged onto my computer and the email was already there as promised. Here comes Liz looking sexy in her black lingerie and handing me a glass of wine and my dick is starting to get big again. We looked at the website together and it looked amazing. There were only 8 villas on the whole island for guests to stay in and you are guaranteed complete privacy. Each villa has the same lay out with large bedroom, massive ensuite with dual shower heads, a bath that looks like a small pool and a lounge area. 

Outside there is a plunge pool, hot tub, outdoor bath and shower and right on your very own beach. What made it even better was each villa comes with the choice of either a butler and maid, two maids or two butlers who would look after your every want and need. The resort also had great surfing off the island as well as a 18 hole golf course and snorkelling and diving gear to use. Reading through the information we found some of the rules of the resort which clearly stated that clothing of some description must be worn and no sex in common areas. We were taken aback by that as it was not what we were expecting with the resort, i fact, i was a little disappointed after the blow job i got from Liz fantasising about it. If you wanted to make a reservation, all you had to do was complete the questionnaire and book it with a 10 percent deposit.

Reading through the questionnaire started with the stock standard questions, name, gender, age so on and so forth, but as it got further down, it started to ask personal questions which we both had to answer honestly to get the best out of the resort including;

Sexual preference

Attitudes towards bi sexuality

Do you use toys

Do you do anal sex

Threesomes or more

Like to watch or participate in public sex

Bondage

Erotic massage

Pornography

Do you want the Resort to supply clothes/toys based on our choosing as well as bringing your own

I started to get the feeling that depending on if we choose two maids, butlers or one and the other with the answers to these questions will help tailor the holiday to our exact want and needs. I suggested to Liz that we answer yes to everything to get the most out of your stay to which she agreed, we booked our stay for 7 nights in 3 months time.

I turned to Liz, grabbed her by the hand and lead her to our bedroom. I proceeded to get undressed as i really needed to fuck her by now. I got Liz to lay on the bed and i proceeded to take her g string off and as soon as i did, the smell of her pussy filled the room. I spread her legs and starting kissing her inner thigh and slowly made my way up and flicked my tongue over her clit which made her squeal with delight. Her taste was intoxicating to me and it drove me wild, i slid, than two fingers into her pussy with one hand and yank and tweaked one of her nipples through her bra with the other. Liz wrapped legs around my head not letting me go. Her pussy started to leak more and more juices and got to the point where she could not contain it all. She screamed with delight and orgasmed cumming all over my face. Once the convulsion stopped, she pulled me up and kissed me harder than she has ever kissed me before trying to taste herself.

"Please i need you in me. Please fuck me hard." Liz said in desperation.

With that, i got her off the bed, and bent her over the arm chair in our room. I lined up my cock up to her pussy from behind and slowly entered her. As slowly as i went in, i came out again, almost pulling completely out.

"Fuck me please!" she begged.

With that, i slammed into her as hard and as fast as i could. I know within myself that i was not going to last long as the thought of the holiday we just booked was swimming through my mind. It was not long before i could feel the orgasm building inside me and knew Liz was the same. 

"Oh fuck me, I am going to cum" cried Liz.

"Me too" I said through gritted teeth.

With that, the pressure was too intense and we both cummed at the same time. After we cummed, Liz pushed me down on the bed and got into a 69er with me so that we could both taste both juices at the same time. We stayed in this position cleaning each other up for a little while until we decided to get up and have a shower together.

It was in the shower that Liz confided in me the Sally told her about the resort after they got back and had an amazing time and that they had selected the same as us, one butler and maid and selected yes for everything on the list. Sally stated that the clothes and toys they choose for both of you are amazing and that it opened their minds towards bisexuality.