 Bettie and Chris had just begun dating. While their dates had included some make-out sessions with heavy petting, they had not yet 'consummated' their relationship...

It was early Saturday morning. Bettie needed to stop by her office to drop off some paperwork. She knew that Chris would still be at home, so she decided to stop by afterwards to surprise him. Having completed her errand, she arrived at his door a little after 10 a.m. and knocked. Chris answered the door, still wearing his pajama bottoms and a ratty t-shirt. "Oh wow!" he said, "This is unexpected! Hello!"

"Can I use your bathroom?" she asked. Chris stared dumbfounded for a few moments. She was dressed in a long skirt with heels, and buttoned blouse. He figured that she must be on her way to her office.

"Sure, sure!" Chris said finally, stepping aside to let her in. She gave him a quick peck on the lips as she strolled into his bathroom and closed the door.

Chris waited in the living room for her to return, hurriedly trying to straighten up his pad though things were already in good order. She had been over before, of course, but this was the first time she had come by unannounced. He paced nervously, wondering what had possessed her to stop by so suddenly. He soon had his answer as he heard the bathroom door open at last. She stepped back into his living room and stopped, allowing his eyes to feast on the sight before him.

She had changed into an outfit that she knew would drive Chris wild with desire. White stiletto heels, heather gray thigh-high stockings, a blue plaid mini-skirt that left very little to the imagination, and a white button-down shirt that was unbuttoned strategically to accentuate her cleavage. She had pulled her hair into pig tails to complete the ensemble. She put her index finger to her lips and thrust her hip out seductively, grinning at him coyly. "What will we be studying in class today, headmaster?" she said alluringly.

Chris almost melted into his couch as she strutted towards him. As she approached him, Chris rose to embrace her, kissing her hungrily. Chris lowered her to the couch, never breaking their kiss. His hands began to freely explore her body, and soon found their way under her skirt. As he worked his hand up her long, muscular legs, he moved her skirt up to expose her crotch, only to discover she wasn't wearing panties. He broke their kiss to gaze upon her exposed pussy. She kept pubic region neatly shaved. Her vaginal lips were slightly protruding, already glistening with moisture. Chris could not resist as he knelt between her spread legs and gingerly ran his tongue up the length of her slit.

Bettie fell back into the cushions, her thighs beginning to tremble with pleasure. She had never found oral sex performed on her to be very stimulating, but something in the way Chris' tongue danced across her nether region excited her. She was surprised to find herself grasping his head, holding it to her, and attempting to grind her cunt against his face. She felt his stubbly face brushing against the inside of her thighs, and his tongue worm its way inside her tight quim, wriggling inside her. She gasped when he slowly dragged his tongue up across her sensitive clit as one of his fingers slowly began to penetrate her. She closed her eyes and began to pant when suddenly he stood. Her eyes snapped open, looking at him questioningly.

"Come with me," he said. He took her by the hand and pulled her to her feet, then led her to his bedroom. Standing beside the bed, he began to kiss her passionately again as he lifted and placed her on the edge of his bed. He gently leaned forward, pushing her onto her back as his lips and tongue slowly trailed from her mouth to her ear, then down the side of her neck to her shoulder. He unbuttoned her shirt then helped her back up to a sitting position so that he could ease it off her shoulders and down her arms. He threw it onto the bed in a heap as he fell forwards into her again, his lips, tongue, and teeth attacking her neck and shoulders.

She shuddered in ecstasy as his lips caressed her bare skin. Her skin tingled as his tongue trailed across her exposed flesh. She groaned in delight as he gently nibbled his way across her body. She felt her nipples harden as they became exposed. He alternatingly trapped them between his lips, dragging his tongue across them, sucking them firmly into his mouth. Her hands grasped behind his head, holding him to her chest as he lovingly teased her sensitive buds. His kisses slowly trailed downwards across her abdomen, stopping at her navel as his tongue invaded the orifice. She felt him fumble with the clasp of her skirt and then it fell away from her body, exposing her completely to him. She felt herself blushing, hoping he did not notice her embarrassment. She needn't have worried, as Chris had become preoccupied adoring her delectable body. His tongue trailed past her hips, traveled slowly across her pubic mound, and trailed down the front of her thigh.

He gently parted her legs, kissing his way up the inside to her cunt. Her aroma intoxicated him. She had a strong, musky odor that drove him wild with desire. He drove his nose against her dripping wet snatch, slowly drawing his tongue from bottom to top. He pursed his lips around her stiffening clit, and began vigorously flicking his tongue across the sensitive bud. Bettie began thrashing on the bed, losing herself in the sensations of his tongue's wanton invasion of her inner-most folds of flesh. He inserted first one, then two fingers inside her, slowly drawing them in and out as his tongue continued its assault on her clit. Bettie's legs encircled Chris' head, her thighs clasping on his ears, her hands upon his head. She shook with orgasm after orgasm. Finally, Chris eased his attack and gently extracted himself from the grip of her hands and thighs as he stood. He loosened the drawstring of his pajama bottoms and allowed them to fall to the floor. Stepping out of them, he drew his t-shirt above his head and tossed it on the floor. Bettie gazed up at him dreamily, her body still trembling in the throes of the orgasms she had just experienced. Chris positioned himself between her spread thighs and took hold of his cock. He pressed its head against her dripping wet snatch, drawing it up and down across the length of her slit. Bettie lay still, awaiting his first penetration.

Moistening his cock with her juices, Chris slowly pressed inside her. He sank into her, feeling her warmth. He couldn't hope to adequately describe the exquisiteness of the sensations coursing through the length of his organ and emanating throughout the rest of his body. She was so tight, yet so silky smooth, so moist. She almost seemed to be sucking him inside her. He was only about halfway in. He slowly drew his cock back and thrust into her again. He was almost all the way inside her now. He withdrew one more time then thrust fully into her. He felt their pubic bones pressing against one another. He was so deep inside her. He never expected to start this day consummating his relationship with Bettie. He could scarcely believe that the object of his desire was lying beneath him in bed.

He slowly began working his cock in and out of her. Try as he might, he could not hold off the impending sensations of his rapidly approaching orgasm. He quickly withdrew his cock as the semen erupted from the tip, spraying across his hands and Bettie's body. He quickly grabbed a towel to clean them both off. After mopping up his seed, Chris returned his attention to Bettie, who still lay on his bed, her body trembling. Still hard, he repositioned himself between her legs and thrust his cock into her once more. He slowly worked his thick penis in and out again as they lost themselves in sexual bliss.

Chris soon began to pick up his pace, and Bettie raised her knees up into her chest. Chris lay on top of her as he began to furiously pound into her willing flesh. Bettie was crying out in passion, her nails digging into his shoulders as he thrust deeply into her. "Fuck, fuck, fuck!" she cried out as he thrust into her with all his might. Bettie cried out loudly as a strong orgasm overtook her, which triggered similar sensations in Chris as he once again withdrew, his cock erupting in a miniature geyser of sperm.

Little was said as they cleaned themselves and dressed. They were both smiling as he escorted her to the door, still amazed at his morning. She kissed him tenderly and said, "Call me later?" 

"Of course." he said, as she left.

As he sat on his sofa, replaying the morning's events over and over in his mind, his phone chirped to notify him of an incoming text.

"THX! I needed that."