 A Rare Day Part 1

Chris & Bettie managed to schedule a few hours together. This is a rare occurrence for them, as their real lives leave them very few opportunities to meet, and most of those opportunities are fleeting. 10 minutes here, 30 minutes there.... In truth, they spend most of their time together just talking and enjoying each other's company. But this day was different! 

Chris met Bettie first thing in the morning. Her outfit was.... interesting. High heels, a satin spaghetti-strapped top that showed off her abdomen, yoga pants that accentuated the delicate curves of her hips and ass. What particularly caught Chris' eye was the belly chain she had wrapped around her waist. Chris felt his cock stiffening. Did Bettie even realize what a turn-on that was? They ran an errand together, visiting a library to return some books. Chris enjoyed being out with Bettie in public when she was dressed a little slutty. It was almost as if they were announcing to the world, "Yeah, we're fucking. What's it to ya?" Then it was off to Chris' place...

Chris wasted no time in getting Bettie inside his apartment and stripping her clothes off. He took her to his room and laid her on his bed. His hands and mouth began to explore her delicate body. Bettie stopped him though... "Do you have your laptop?" she asked.

Chris stopped hesitantly. He was just starting to get himself worked up and didn't want to pause, but he knew that Bettie was up to something, and it was likely to be rather enjoyable. Slowly, he extricated himself to retrieve his computer. When he returned to bed with the laptop, Bettie handed him a USB drive. "Play the videos", she said.

Chris raised an eyebrow in question, but did as requested. Climbing back onto the bed, he was kneeling as he placed the computer at the foot of the bed. As he inserted the USB drive, Bettie crawled towards him and took his cock in her hand and began to slowly stroke his organ. He located the first video file and hit play. To his amazement, the video was a close-up of Bettie's crotch. He watched in fascination as she slowly inserted one, then another, of the Ben Wa Balls he had purchased for her. Bettie took her mouth off of his cock momentarily to say, "I filmed that last night." and winked at him. Chris understood. They were still inside her. 

Bettie resumed her oral ministrations on his organ as he hit "play" on the second video. The video began as Bettie was stepping into the shower with the curtain open. He was mesmerized by the sight of her firm ass as she walked onto camera. She stood under the water, getting her body completely wet. Transfixed, he watched the water dripping down her lean, muscular body. Her hair was plastered to her head, her body soaking wet, her nipples stiffening. She then began to slowly soap herself.

Chris felt a tongue drag slowly up the underside of his cock as he watched the image on the screen. Bettie was seductively running her soapy hands across her perky breasts and firm abdomen as he felt Bettie's practiced tongue swirling around his testicles. Groaning, Chris' hand went to grasp Bettie by the back of her head as he continued to watch the video of her shower. He watched Bettie's soapy hands gliding across her smooth, wet skin as she turned to face the camera. As he watched her hands travel between her legs to wash her beautiful cunt, he felt Bettie's mouth completely engulf his organ. "Oh shit!" he moaned.

She turned her back to the camera again as she began to soap her perfect ass. Her mouth began gliding back and forth along his long, erect member. His glans was tingling and he felt his balls pulling up into his body. "Damn!" he thought, "I'm going to cum!"

On video, Bettie lifted one of her long legs as her soapy hands ran up and down its entire length. He could plainly see the lips of her pussy. She kept her pubic hair closely trimmed, offering him an unimpeded view of her sex. Bettie's tongue began applying pressure to his rod then, and he could feel the pleasurable, tightening sensation building deep within his loins, traveling from his hips to the tip of his thick penis.

On his computer screen, Bettie began to rinse off. Thinking that the show was about to end, he turned his attention back to the matter at hand... his cock in Bettie's warm, wet mouth. Noticing the sudden change in his attentiveness, Bettie stopped momentarily and looked up at him. "Wait." she said, "There's more."

Intrigued, Chris returned his attention to the screen to see Bettie reach for her vibrator with a clit-massaging attachment. Riveted, he watched as she flipped its switch on and began to slowly drag the vibrator up and down the length of her wet slit. He could see her chest beginning to rise and fall in rapid breaths, and her abdominal muscles beginning to contract spasmodically. Bettie's talented tongue continued to work its magic on his engorged penis, and he soon felt himself going over the edge. 

"OH FUCK, BABY! I'M CUMMING!" he shouted as he held her head firmly in place as he erupted into her mouth. His hips were bucking involuntarily with each spurt of cum that left his cock. Bettie didn't miss a beat, capturing every drop of his warm seed. 

Chris collapsed on the bed, never taking his eyes off the screen as the video continued to play. The showering Bettie was holding her labia apart as she rubbed the vibrating attachment up and down her slit while she crawled up beside Chris on the bed to lie beside him. She rested her head on his chest as he continued to watch the erotic performance. Bettie took Chris' soft cock in her hand and began to gently stroke it as he continued to watch the scene play out before him.

With the steamy video playing and Bettie's expert touch on his organ, Chris soon found himself growing erect again. Bettie propped herself up on an elbow and turned to look him in the eye. "Ready for round two?" she asked.

Chris nodded. He rose from his prone position as Bettie lay back, opening her legs to accept him. Chris swung his legs off of the bed and grabbed her by the thighs, pulling her towards him so that her ass was positioned on the edge of the bed. He kneeled between her legs and attached his lips to her cunt, slowly licking up and down her damp lips. Bettie groaned in pleasure. When she and Chris had first transitioned past friendship, she had admitted that the act of cunnilingus was not particularly appealing to her. She was pleasantly surprised to find that she actually enjoyed Chris' talents, and occasionally found herself looking forward to the act.

Despite knowing her feelings, Chris was simply unable to resist. He thought she had the most delicious-looking pussy he had ever encountered, and her musky aroma was intoxicating. He loved to lap up her delectable juices, to trap her stiff clit between his lips and tease it with his tongue. He also recognized that despite what she had told him, she had actually come to enjoy his talents. Bettie squirmed at his touch, moaning softly as he orally attacked her labia and clit. "Oh fuck!" she hissed as he drove his tongue deep into her canal, wriggling it inside her. When he felt Bettie's fingers grasping him by the hair, he knew it was time. He slowly eased one, then two fingers inside her. He gently swirled them around as he penetrated her as deeply as they would reach. "Ah! There they are." he thought. 

Using the same technique he had discovered the first night he performed this task for her, he curled two fingers around the Ben Wa Ball and trapped it against the walls of her canal. He gingerly pulled the first of the two balls out with a slight 'pop'. Setting the glass bead down on the sheets, he ran his tongue up her slit, attaching his lips to her sensitive bud once more. Bettie began to shudder as his tongue began to lightly flutter across her clit and his long digits penetrated her again. He maintained his oral assault on her as his fingers dug deep inside her to where the Ben Wa Ball was resting near her cervix. She winced slightly as his attempt to trap the bead momentarily pressed it against the entrance to her womb before successfully capturing it against her vaginal lining. He eased it out and placed it on the bed beside her with its mate, the proceeded to attack her cunt with his tongue. 

He drove his tongue inside her as his thumb pressed against her clit. She began bucking her hips against him, mashing their lips together. Her moisture was flowing down Chris' chin; he could feel it dripping off of his face. Bettie suddenly arched her back and began letting out a series of soft whimpers as she ground her pussy against his face. 

Bettie's body relaxed, her grip on his head slackened. Chris extricated himself from her grasp and stood above her, relishing the sight of her naked form. She was gazing back at him longingly, desperately waiting for him to take her. He admired her body... her naturally dark skin, her perky breasts, her well-toned muscles... He watched her as she squirmed in excitement, her chest rapidly rising and falling with each ragged breath.

Chris took hold of Bettie by the thighs and pulled her towards him. He pressed his hard cock against her entrance, moistening his cockhead as he moved it slowly up and down her slit. As his cock began to ease more readily inside her, he slowly pressed his weight forward. Bettie's moist pussy opened to readily accept him inside her. Chris thrust until he was buried in her then paused, allowing her a moment to grow accustomed to his intrusion.

Bettie began to grind her hips against him, which Chris knew was his signal to continue as he slowly withdrew his length and pressed back inside her. Slowly, he stroked in an out of her tight cunt as Bettie began to moan in pleasure. He steadily began to pick up his pace as he continued to thrust in and out of her, causing her to start thrashing beneath him. Chris ground his hips against hers as he thrust into her. His hands were on her breasts, twisting and pulling her sensitive nipples.

He began to fuck Bettie in earnest, slamming his hips forwards into hers, smashing their flesh together. Bettie was howling in ecstasy as she gripped his forearms in her vise-like grip, pulling herself towards him with each thrust. Chris began to change his thrusts, angling his cock upwards to press against her sensitive G-spot as his hand applied pressure atop her pubic bone, stimulating the sensitive flesh from the opposite direction.

Bettie suddenly cried out in a shrill scream. She pushed away from Chris as she rolled over onto her side, panting and groaning hoarsely. Chris smiled, knowing that she was satisfied. He climbed into bed, lying next to her as she fell sound asleep.