 God how I hate the conventions, they are always the same, meeting, seminars, discussions, always the same. At least the locations tend to be enjoyable, especially this time. Since we are in Vegas it made it easy for me to find a companion for the evening. As they say "What Happens in Vegas, Stays in Vegas", and that is all my husband needs to know.

The gentleman I will be spending the evening with comes highly recommended from someone I am very close to. He better at these prices.

Ah, there he is, very handsome a year or two older than me, in good shape but not bulked at least from what I can tell. Nice suit, a little scruffy around the edges, but I like that.

He strolled over to me confident as if he has known me for years. He takes my arm and proceeds to escort me out, he introduces himself as Jeff and I introduce myself as Marie. He handed his ticket to the valet and as we waited he told me that I looked stunning and gave me a quick kiss.

His car arrived and he opened the door for me and helped me in. We were then off to a little romantic restaurant that I love. The tables are spread apart and separated with plants, wall and other devices to further seclude the tables, it is all very private and intimate. We arrived, again he opened my door and assisted me out, did I just catch him glancing at my legs and was that an appreciative smile?

We walked into the restaurant arm in arm and were quickly shown to our table. I slid into the booth and he then slid in next to me. The lighting was low and seductive and he looked very handsome as was being so attentive that I was in my own slice of heaven.

We quickly ordered and then had the table to ourselves. He asked me why I was in Vegas, if I was enjoying my stay, my interests, my hobbies, my work and general questions. As I answered each question he paid close attention, hanging on my every word.

I felt him move his had to my thigh as I answered his questions, his hand felt warm on my thigh, sending little tingles through my body. As I continued to answer his questions he leaned closer, I could smell him, it was a manly smell, provocative, enticing, I wanted to smell more.

As our small talk continued his hand started massaging and rubbing my thigh. His touch was firm but gentle, sending little pulses through me as he would gently grab my thigh while rubbing it.

I tried to continue the small talk but his intense gaze and rubbing made it hard to concentrate on the questions and answers. He leaned closer and I lost my train of thought as he pressed his lips on mine and gently squeezed my thigh.

His kiss sent shivers through my body. He moved his other hand to the back of my head and pulled me closer, kissing a little harder while still kneading my thigh. The he slowly pulled away, leaving me longing for more.

As if on queue the waiter brought our dinner. I struggled to regain my sense, however the food smelled absolutely delicious and this helped bring back to reality.

We ate with him continuing the small talk and still he seemed to be hanging on my every word. Every now and then he would brush my arm, push my hair over my ear, bush my leg with his, just a little touch here and there, enough to keep me tingly.

Before I knew it dinner was over and we were headed out again. As we waited for the valet he leaned over and lightly brushed his lips over my neck and shoulder, goose bumps appeared all over my body. Again when the car arrived he opened the door and helped me in, this time I made sure he got a good look at my legs as I let my dress ride up as I sat. He definitely smiled appreciatively that time.

We headed to a nice club for some dancing and again we valet parked, this time as he opened my door I leaned towards him to give him a good look down my dress. As he helped me out I saw him smiling and nodding that he enjoyed the view.

We headed out onto the dance floor, it was crowded but not so that everyone was bumping each other, just crowded enough to give each couple their own spot. The song was slow and he took me in his arms, looked me in the eyes and started to dance me around the floor.

His gaze was intense and seemed to be burning through me. I lowered my head and placed it on his chest as his gaze was beginning to light a fire within me. As we danced I could feel his hands tracing along my sides and back, they seemed to be everywhere at once. The dress was virtually backless and his warm, strong hands running across my back were beginning to heat me up.

I told him I needed a drink, he separated us and took me by the hand to the bar and ordered. I climbed up on the stool as he stood beside me. He placed his hand on my lower back as we had our drinks. As we drank he started sliding his hand up and down my back. His touch was continuing to stoke my fire.

We finished our drinks and another slow song was playing. He helped me off the stool and led me by the hand to the dance floor. This time he pulled me against his body as we swayed to the music. I could feel his body against mine, his hands again caressing my back.

He brought a hand around to my chin and lifted my head. He leaned down and kissed me, this time with firmness. This time I kissed him back, I could feel the heat building within my body. We continued to sway to the music as we held the kiss, stoking the fire within me even more.

The song ended and he broke the kiss. My legs felt weak. As I regained my senses he carefully led me back to the bar. He helped me up on the stool and as he stood next to me he had his hand on my thigh very close to the source of my heat. His had felt warm and strong and I really wanted him to slide it up and help quench my fire.

As if he could read my mind his hand move, sliding higher, still not high enough, though. All he managed to do was fan the flames.

We ordered and finished another round of drinks and the song that was playing was a lot faster and louder. I needed to relieve some of this tension somehow so I led him to the dance floor. This time I grabbed him and pulled him close and started rubbing my body against his in time to the beat of the music.

I then turned around and backed myself up against him, pressing myself against his groin and gyrating to the music. This had my desired effect on him as I definitely felt his desire growing for me.

I felt him reach for my hips and pull me harder against him as I continued to move with the beat. He then moved his hands to my waist and pulled my upper body against his as he leaned down and kissed my neck. This sent shivers through my body.

The song ended and as he led me from the dance floor to the exit I knew he was going to finally quench the fire he had ignited within me. This time as we waited for the car he didn't give me a quick, light kiss but a full on weaken your knees kiss full of passion.

This time as he helped me into the car I did more than flash him a little leg, I gave him a full look up my dress at my barely covered and very ready pussy. I couldn't think in any other terms now as my desire is turning carnal, making me lust for his touch on my nipples, pussy and ass.

As he settled into his seat I reached across and grabbed his stiff cock to indicate my need. I am sure he didn't need reminding, but I wanted him to know it was mine and that he still had a service to fulfill.

He hurried to my hotel and let the valet take his car. We headed arm in arm to the elevators, I knew he could feel the heat radiating from me. In the elevator he pulled me close and again kissed me with a passion and intensity that had me dripping, both figuratively and literally, with desire. I could feel his hardness and when the elevator stopped I grabbed his cock and led him to my room.

Again he pulled me close and kissed me hard, his hands seemed to be everywhere, touching every inch of me. He slowly slid the straps of my dress off and let it fall to the floor.

He kissed my neck and shoulders, covering every inch of them, not missing any piece of flesh. Every touch of his lips sent shivers through my entire body.

He led me to the bedroom, pulled back the covers and had me lay on the bed. He then proceeded to kiss every inch of exposed skin on my body. Each touch of his lips was like a mild electric jolt to my body and I could feel my desire growing with each kiss.

As he worked his way back up my body he deftly unclasped my bra and slowly pulled it away from my body. As his lips moved over my belly, my nipples stiffened in anticipation. He started kissing the underside of my breasts, again not missing an inch of flesh on either breast as he switched back and forth between them.

As he moved to the top of my breasts and proceeded to kiss every inch starting at the top and slowly, almost painfully, moving closer to the center I felt him slide my panties down my legs, using his feet to get them all the way off.

Just as my panties fell to the floor he reached a nipple with his lips causing my first orgasm of the night. He sucked and licked each nipple in turn and after feeling them harden he would alternate tugging on them with his lips. After a few minutes of this he caused another orgasm to travel through my body.

He released the nipple and started to slowly kiss down my belly. My pussy clenched in anticipation. I thrilled at the thought of that mouth and tongue that just ravished my breasts and nipples doing the same to my pussy.

As his lips made contact with my pussy I had another orgasm. He parted the lips with his tongue and slowly dragged his tongue down the length of my pussy and back up again. It felt exquisite, his tongue sliding up and down my pussy was quickly driving me to another orgasm.

My orgasm shuddered through me and I felt his tongue slide into my pussy. He started to circle the inside of my pussy, my orgasm was building quickly once again. I grabbed his head and held it against my pussy as I bucked and convulsed and tried to drive his tongue deeper inside me.

Suddenly my orgasm ripped through me and I released my grip on his head. He then withdrew his tongue and gently cleaned up every inch of my pussy with his tongue, moving closer and closer to my very excited and hard clitoris.

When his tongue tickled against my clitoris I started to orgasm again, however he didn't stop, he kept rubbing and flicking my clit with his tongue making the orgasm continue. When he sucked my clitoris between his lips and began to roll it around my orgasm went over the edge.

I felt his lips leave my clitoris and my legs being spread. I felt him thrust deep inside me in one smooth motion. This caused another orgasm as he held his cock deep inside me letting the orgasm subside.

He started slowly to slide in and out of me, letting me build back up again. As his thrusts became more urgent so did mine. We were pounding hard against one another and when I felt him drive deep and hold, releasing his passion in me, my orgasm crashed over me.

As our senses returned he kissed me gently. Then he asked, "Mrs. Jeffries was that all you wanted?" I smiled and answered "Why yes Mr. Jeffries I believe that was. And I am glad that I followed my very personal recommendation and hired you."

We both chuckled and smiled at each other, kissed and fell asleep in each other's arms as we always do.