 Four Days of Anticipation (Part 1)

On Friday, Bettie arrived at Chris' work establishment wearing a long skirt, carrying a package in a brown paper bag, and sporting a suspiciously evil grin. Chris had expected nothing more than enjoying a short lunch and smoke break together, as that had become their routine to spend some time together during the week. Not today, though! She advised Chris that they must find a location with a degree of privacy, as she needed his assistance extracting the Ben Wa balls that were embedded deep within her tight, moist pussy.

Chris' cock grew instantly erect and his mind began racing! His office building has very few areas with ANY privacy whatsoever! No locking offices or storage closets.... very few dark corners... The Parking Garage? No... too risky! At his desk? Hell no! Way too many people in close proximity! A phone closet? Still in a high traffic area.....

While he quickly rolled through the mental catalog of potential secret places, he escorted Bettie to his desk. She handed him the brown paper bag and advised, "I went shopping. Do not open this until Monday or you will be punished!"

If Chris' mind was racing before, it was now rocketing! "Holy shit! What has she in store for me?!?"

Thinking quickly, Chris located a locking storage room in the work area near his desk. He non-chalantly escorted Bettie into the room, then closed and locked the door behind them. "Are you sure that's safe?" she asked.

"No," he replied, "so we have to be quick!"

He lifted Bettie up onto a storage shelf as she glanced nervously at the door. He slowly slid her skirt up her long, tanned legs and encountered her panties. Pink, with a caption boldly emblazoned across the front:

"YOU KNOW YOU WANT ME"

They couldn't help themselves as both erupted in laughter. As they recomposed themselves, Chris lifted her skirt once more, and peeled her panties aside to see her beautifully trimmed cunt. He felt the front of his pants growing tight as his penis stiffened. He delicately ran a finger across the soft lips of her slit. Hmmmm, they were dry. This wouldn't do...

Chris knelt and gently ran his tongue up and down the length of her vaginal opening a few times, making sure to press against her clit. Her legs began to shake and her hands held his head as the moisture began to flow....

A few laps of his tongue later, Chris stood up again. Bettie was about to express her disappointment when she felt his fingers slowly penetrate her. His long fingers slowly worked their way into her moist pussy, gently invading her most private of areas, until encountering the large glass beads she had inserted earlier that morning. Shivers coursed through her body as she felt the Ben Wa balls shift inside her. He curled his finger around the 1st of the beads, and slowly extracted it from her tight vagina. She gasped as he successfully retrieved the first of them. The 2nd bead was a little more difficult for Chris to reach, as it was deeper inside her, resting against her cervix. Carefully, he worked his fingers back inside her until he succeeded in capturing it as well, and slowly extracted it.

The sexual tension in the air was palpable. The risk of getting caught heightened their excitement even more... Looking at his fingers, Chris noticed that they were not only wet, but literally coated in the natural creme from Bettie's cunt. With Bettie watching in amazement, he inserted the fingers into his mouth and licked them clean. "Oh geez," she groaned.

Realizing that they were already playing with fire, though, they quickly composed themselves and exited the storage room. "I really wanted you to keep going down on me," Bettie said with a sly smile on her face, "how did you like that?"

"That just made my entire day!" he exclaimed.

Walking her back to her car, Bettie laid some ground rules for the weekend and Monday morning...

1. Come to work on Monday "commando"

2. Do not open any emails that I send you over the weekend, as they will be step-by-step instructions for you to follow when you arrive to work on Monday.

3. Do not open the brown paper bag I brought you until instructed to on Monday morning.

4. Bring a camera and/or a video camera to work on Monday.

5. If possible, bring KY...

6. Email updates to me over the weekend regarding your thoughts. What is going through your mind? What do you think is going to happen on Monday?

...and with those instructions and a passionate kiss, she left Chris standing on the street corner, his mind awhirl.