 Part 5

The first thing she pulled out from her bag was the blindfold. She turned to him and spun it around on her index finger as his face lit up with excitement. She said "Time for some fun, Michael. Please get undressed while I go in the bathroom to change." She picked up her bag and went into the bathroom. She removed her dress, stockings, and garter belt, folding them and setting them on the sink counter. 

She reached into her bag and pulled out the skin-tight black spandex crotch less cat suit and the matching mask, gloves and her calf-high boots with the 4 inch heels. She pulled on the suit, then her gloves and boots. She touched up her make-up and hair then pulled on the mask. She pulled out her small whip, red fur-covered ankle cuffs, three silk scarves, four condoms and the toys she had brought with her, wrapping them all up in the black scarf. She put her evening gown and lingerie into the bag, and then went out to the bedroom where Michael was waiting.

She smiled when she saw him sitting on the edge of the bed, naked as a jaybird and obviously aroused in anticipation of the activities to come. When her gaze dropped to his hard shaft and the wetness on it, he shifted as he brought his hand to his rod, wrapping his fingers around it and sliding them up over the head and back down again, spreading the moisture. 

She frowned and shook her head and he stopped rubbing himself. She said, "Oh dear, you're not supposed to be touching anything until I say so, Michael. You are a VERY bad boy and need some punishment!" She took the whip and slapped it against her thigh and she chuckled when she saw him flinch. She placed the scarf wrapped bundle on the night stand by the bed and opened it, taking out the fur-covered ankle cuffs and three of the silk scarves, making sure he didn't see them. 

She walked over to him with one of the scarves, a deep violet purple one, and wrapped it around his head as a blindfold. She waved her hand in front of his face to make sure he couldn't see, and then she went back to the stand and got the other two scarves and the cuffs. She pushed him back on the bed and told him to move to the center of it, then she tied his hands to the headboard, not too tight, but not loose enough that he might slip his wrists and hands free. Then she fastened the ankle cuffs to his ankles, then spread his legs and attached the other end of the cuffs to the foot of the bed. 

She said, "Now Little Boy, it's time to take your punishment for touching without permission!" He grunted and struggled a bit against the bonds, then accepted his situation and awaited his punishment. She smiled when he relaxed and she went to the night stand again, picking up a small rubber cock ring, a slim six-inch vibrator, a condom and a small squeeze bottle of cinnamon flavored warming lubricant. She laid those items on the bed between Michael's feet, and then sat beside him. She leaned over and kissed him deeply, her tongue sliding seductively against his before sliding over his cheek to his ear. She swirled her tongue over his earlobe, then blew a gentle breath into his ear, causing him to squirm and growl.

Toni glanced down and saw his cock leaking a stream of pre-cum onto his stomach, and smiled to herself about what she was going to do next. She moved her lips and tongue down his neck to his chest, laving each of his nipples with her tongue, and tugging gently on them with her teeth. He made a deep animal-like groaning sound and she knew he was enjoying the dominating vixen she was pretending to be. She made a mental note to bring vibrating nipple clamps with her for the next time she met this man, if she met him again.

She picked up the cock ring and slid it down his stomach to his cock, then rolled it down over the head, slowly down the shaft to the base, pressing it firmly into place. She flicked her tongue over the tip of his cock and tasted the saltiness of his fluids, which she couldn't resist licking up. She ran her tongue all over his shaft, clearing off the leaking fluid. He tried to thrust his hips and push his cock into her mouth, but she moved away out of his reach. She dripped a couple of drops of the lubricant onto his shaft and spread it around with her hand in long slow strokes down, then up then back down again.

He moaned as the lube started warming his shaft. She noticed he was leaking more and smiled. She opened the condom packet and unrolled it over his cock, leaving a pocket at the end to collect his fluids. She lubed the vibrator and slid it over his cock and balls, down to the crack of his ass and back up again before turning it on. With it on the low speed, she rubbed it over his cock, over the head, down the sides and underneath it, especially along the sensitive ridge under the head. His cock jerked and she felt it throb beneath her hand, knowing he was getting close to release already, even with the cock ring on. She moved up and straddled his face, pressing her wet pussy lips onto his mouth, letting him lick her heated flesh.

While facing his feet, she slid the vibe down to his anal opening and pressed against the hole, letting the vibe slide in about an inch. He thrust his hips and almost immediately, the condom filled with his cum as he growled his release. His tongue work quickly brought her to another orgasm and she squirted her fluids into his mouth with a shriek. She let him pulse and throb, and finish his release before getting off him and removing the condom, wrapping it in a tissue, and tossing it into the wastebasket by the bed. She removed his blindfold and he blinked a few times to allow his eyes to adjust to the brightness. He looked at her and smiled, then said hoarsely, "Thank you Mistress. That was wonderful."

She said, "You are welcome Michael. Now let me get you out of these restraints so we can finish the evening and enjoy a glass of wine." She removed the vibe and turned it off, then unlocked the ankle cuffs and removed them. She put them on the night stand before untying the scarves from his wrists, tossing them on top of the cuffs and vibe. She told Michael to get dressed, then she scooped up her things from the stand and went to the bathroom to change back into the evening gown.

Ten minutes later, she emerged from the bathroom with her hair and make-up perfect, her dress, stockings and shoes immaculate and a huge smile on her face. Michael was dressed back in his tuxedo and was pouring the chilled wine into a pair of glasses. She placed her bag on the chair by the door and took the offered glass. They sat on the sofa and sipped the wine and chatted about the evening at the dinner. They both agreed it was a wonderful evening and decided to call it a night.

Michael went to the desk in the corner and opened a drawer. He removed a white envelope and handed it to her when he returned to the couch. She put it in her purse then he helped her up and they left the hotel. The limo was waiting to take Toni home. Michael gave her a kiss and thanked her again for a wonderful evening, and made the promise to request her services again in the future. They said goodbye and she got in the car and it pulled away from the curb to take her home. 

As she rode, she took out the envelope and opened it. Inside was cash in the amount of $500.00, a note that read simply "Thank you! Love Michael" and a gold necklace with a single heart-shaped diamond hanging from it. She smiled and tucked it back into her purse and thought back on the events of the evening.

*****************************

Part 6

Toni woke up around 10 the next morning. She started the day with a warm bubble bath. Enjoying herself without any phone calls or other interruptions helped her plan the day. She had a few editing projects that needed her attention. Being an independent part-time consultant supplemented her income and avoided anyone asking about her "other" profession. 

She turned off the water and then wrapped herself in a robe and put her hair in a towel. Appearance was the last thing on her mind while she was all alone. Her house was recently cleaned, which saved her a lot of time and extra manicures. She thought about treating herself to that and more depending on the next client the agency had in store for her. Until then, she looked through the pile of presentations. 

The ringing of a phone broke her concentration. Two hours and three cups of coffee failed to keep Toni focused on the presentations that needed her attention. She picked up the phone and spoke to Vanessa, the agency admin assistant. Toni learned that her next assignment was that evening. Adam requested a blonde haired escort for the evening. He was a virgin and had difficulty with women. He thought that an blonde escort could more easily help him sexually and teach him ways of pleasuring a woman. 

Toni hung up the phone and thought about ways to educate Adam, She didn't want him to get too intimidate and figured to keep things simple, but she wanted him sexually interested. Thinking of what to wear got her wet. Toni got a devilish expression on her face. She thought about being with Adam in a public bathroom. The feeling of someone coming in while they were fucking made her so wet. 

To mimic the action a bit, Toni opened the window shades. It was the middle of the day, but someone probably would see her. That was her entire plan. She removed her clothes all over the house. The freedom of walking around her house naked got her wetter. She had returned to the master bedroom and pulled out one of her toy boxes. Deciding to throw caution to the wind. Toni closed her eyes and grabbed the first thing her hands touched. 

The 8 inch vibe felt very realistic in her grip. She started kissing it slowly pretending that it was Adam. Her soft hands rubbed up and down the fake cock. The idea of taking care of Adam in every way possible was a new sensation. Toni started kissing and licking the cock. Her experienced tongue flicked at the head and started to suck down further on it. A part of her wanted the toy shoved inside her pussy. 

Feeling friskier, Toni indulged her animalistic passions. She sat down on the toy and let it invade her waiting pussy. In and out she fucked in while staring out of the window for everyone, anyone, to see. Rubbing her clit a bit, Toni felt the toy slide further and further. The sensations brought her to the brink of an orgasm that was stopped due to a phone call. 

Her answering machine got the message. It was her escort service telling Toni where to meet Adam. She resumed fucking herself harder and with renewed energy from knowing others were looking through her bedroom window. She completely soaked her toy and pulled it out slowly. Now she needed to get some rest, but she knew Adam would need plenty more. 

To Be continued...