 Part 9

Toni stood and slowly ran her hands up her arms and across her shoulders, then down over her chest, slowly pushing the elastic of her neckline on her blouse down, exposing her bra to Adam's gaze. She saw his tongue come out and lick his lips, and watched as his hands clenched into fists on his thighs. Her nipples were hard against the thin white lace of her bra, and she felt moisture gathering in her slit between her legs, but she knew she was here to teach Adam about the proper way to pleasure a woman without hurting her, so her own pleasure would have to wait.

She pushed the fabric of her blouse down her arms, until it was free, then down to hang around her waist like an apron. Adam's gaze never left her chest and her full breasts. She pushed the shirt and her skirt both to the floor and stepped out of them. She stood before him in just her bra, panties, stockings, garter belt and shoes. She glanced at his cock and saw it jerk in response. 

She leaned over him, her hands on his thighs and said huskily, "You have got to learn to control him and hold off your own release until the woman has gotten her own release from your ministrations. It's much better and more rewarding in the end that way. A tip is to take deep breaths and think about something totally non-sexual, like a cold beer or your favorite song, or something like that." He took several deep breaths with his eyes closed and Toni noticed his erection starting to soften and she smiled as she said, "That's it Adam. You're doing very well. May I ask what you were thinking of?"

He cleared his throat and said, "I was thinking about working on my car."

"Good job, sweetheart. That seemed to calm the raging erection you had going. Now open your eyes and watch me while continuing to think about your car." she said softly as she stood up. She reached over to the stereo on the shelf on the wall and turned on some soft Jazz, then slowly stepped out of her shoes, pushing them aside. She slowly unfastened the straps of her garter belt which held her stockings, then rolled the stockings down her long smooth legs, keeping her eyes on Adam's lap the entire time. She noticed he was starting to grow again, and she said firmly, "Think of the car, Adam. Don't think of sex, think of the car." He blushed as he took several deep breaths to calm himself down again.

Toni removed the stockings and the garter belt, then sat on the sofa facing Adam. She took his hand and placed it on her left breast, coaxing him to squeeze it gently. The friction she felt as his palm kneaded her breast was exquisite on her nipple, and she felt it harden. Adam felt it too because he looked at her in surprise. She nodded to him and he bent his head down, placing his mouth where his hand was, and his tongue flicked out to toy with her hard bud, leaving a wet spot on the thin fabric of her bra.

He looked at her again questioningly, and she unhooked the clasps of her bra, letting it fall to the floor. Her breasts were bare now, and both nipples were very hard. She said softly, "Now Adam, gently cup my breasts and roll my nipples softly between your thumbs and middle fingers." He did as asked, and she released a soft moan of satisfaction as he kissed the swell of her breasts while gently rolling her nipples between his fingers. She smiled as he removed one hand and took the nipple into his mouth, sucking gently upon it. He did the same with her other nipple, bringing forth another soft moan from Toni.

When he released her nipple with a soft 'pop', she said, "Very well done, Adam. You are a fast learner. Are you ready for the next lesson now?" Adam nodded eagerly and resumed his seat on the sofa while Toni removed her panties, exposing her shaved pussy. She reminded him to think about his car, then she stepped to him, straddling his legs. She took his hand and placed it on her belly, then gently urged his hand to move downward to her dewy cunt. He cupped her moist mound with his hand, his fingers sliding between her legs but not into her wet flesh. 

He gently pressed the palm of his hand against her wet swollen lips, feeling her juices leak out onto his hand. He looked at her face and she said, "The wetness you feel there is how a woman lubricates herself in preparation for a man to slide his cock into her. It also lets a man know she's fully aroused sexually. Now that you feel my wetness, take just your middle finger, and press it between the lips of my pussy gently until you feel a hard bump. That bump is my clit and it's very sensitive to contact with either a finger, tongue, lips or cock. Most women love to have that part licked or sucked as a man slides his fingers into her vagina, mimicking the act of fucking. That is your next lesson, Adam."

Toni pushed his hand from between her legs and she moved to lay on the sofa. She spread her legs and let Adam gaze upon her wet shiny cunt. She said, "Get down on the floor on your knees, Adam, and run your hands gently over my pussy, pressing your fingers into me if you want to. Then I want you to spread apart my pussy lips and expose my clit, the hard little spot at the top of my inner lips. Flick your tongue over it...MMMMMM just like that (He did as asked)...then do some long strokes with your tongue from my anus to my clit." 

*****************************

Part 10

Adam did what he was told. He slowly licked from her clit to her ass. She wiggled from the sensations. His slow and methodical approach was something she had not felt in so long. Many of her clients rushed right into things, but Adam's virginity benefitted both of them greatly. "Keep going honey." Toni instructed Adam with an encouraging smile. He parted her glistening pussy lips to lap up the growing puddle of her sweet nectar. 

His fingers touched her clit by accident, but Toni could care less for the reasoning. She stopped prompting Adam and just let her hands run through his hair. They pushed his face deeper inside. Toni felt his tongue fully inside. "Don't stop baby, you are making me so fucking wet!" She figured that Adam was not going to stop unless directed. 

"I think you are ready for the next step" she announced. Toni slid up and lifted Adam by the arms. She kissed him deeply tasting her sweet nectar. It felt erotic exchanging her juices with their tongues. Adam didn't expect a woman to get so turned on by tasting her own juices. He wasn't sure if all women were into that. 

She went back down on the sofa and spread her legs more openly. She noticed his large cock near her pussy. "Some women need lube to get ready for a guy. You did such a great job that I am ready for your cock." She slowly wrapped her legs around his back beckoning him to enter. She felt the head of his 7-inch cock start to part her lips more fully than his tongue. 

A moan escaped her lips from the penetration. Adam's penis slid completely inside Toni. She moved her hips around a bit and Adam got harder. "I think someone liked that!" she announced. He smiled at her, but asked "Am I doing something wrong?" She told him that some women like being on top of a guy. She had him slide out and rest on the sofa. Toni wanted to do most of the work so this virgin's first time would be memorable. 

She lowered herself onto Adam and started moving up and down on his cock. She started losing control over her body. It went up and down on him with increasing tempo. Faster and harder Toni rode Adam. "I don't know what's going to happen." Adam stated with a worried expression. 

"You have nothing to worry about, just let me do all the work." Toni replied with an encouraging smile. "I think you are about to experience Heaven on earth." He had no idea what she meant by that statement. 

She started going faster and harder on his cock. Toni exaggerated her moans to give Adam more confidence and get him harder. She tilted back and played with her breasts while bouncing harder on him. Figuring that the person he wanted was a screamer, she shouted "Make me sore tomorrow so I can drain you!" His cock started throbbing inside her. She rubbed her clit faster, which put a death grip on his manhood. Adam was sweating and having difficulty focusing. 

He started feeling that his cock was about to get suffocated by her wet pussy. He then felt it start to shoot hot streams inside Toni. He screamed in surprise and she in pleasure. Toni felt his jizz deep inside her waiting pussy. 

Not wanting the fun to stop, Toni stayed on top of Adam for a bit, rocking back and forth slowly. She lifted herself off of him. He had a restful and sleepy expression on his face after experiencing his first time with a woman. Toni kissed Adam sensually, but did most of the work. 

Adam opened his eyes to look at Toni. "I know you enjoyed that. Now it's time for you to experience something a bit kinkier. Why not rest here for a bit while I get ready for the next part of the fun. There is another area of a guy that more women want to explore."

To Be Continued...