 I'm laying on my side on the bed facing the door. The blindfold is in place, so I can't see, but I will be the first thing he sees when he walks in the room. This is the second time he has been my client, and the first time was the fuck of my life. However, we also broke all but one of my rules...and the same rules that I told his girlfriend I follow. 

When she contacted me to schedule this visit, I tried not to jump at the chance to fuck him again. Handled it professionally, tried not to come across too eager...even though my panties got wet thinking about that night and what is to come.

I hear the door open and my pussy gets tight. I'm in black lace again...bra and thong this time and I know it is going to be soaked by the time he slips a finger inside of me. The collar he asked me to wear the first time is fastened around my throat and my lips are red. Mmmmm, that collar...no man has ever put one on me before or asked me to wear one. I had no idea what a turn on it would be for me. I slip a finger through the loop on the collar, my arm resting between my breasts when I hear the door open and ice clinking against a glass.

I feel a hand start at my ankle and slide up the inside of my leg. I arch my pussy toward that hand when it reaches my inner thigh, but he skips over it. Then I feel his hand remove mine from the loop...suddenly I'm being pulled firmly against his chest...he has ahold of the collar himself now and is forcing my head and upper body to his will. My tits brush against his shirt and my nipples tighten at the contact. I'm a little breathless from being pulled by the collar, and that just intensifies the sensation.

"You agree to the terms?" I can feel that his lips are close to mine, and I am yearning to kiss him...but damn those rules (the "terms" he is referring to.) I pant out a Yes and press closer, tilting my face upwards toward his.

John himself called after everything was arranged and we agreed that going forward we will follow the rules that I outlined from the beginning, that this is a business transaction and we will abide by the terms of the contract. 

• No cumming in my mouth

• No fucking without a condom

• No cumming inside me (even with the condom on)

• I reserve the right to refuse anal

• No marks on my body that anyone can see

• I won't kiss him until he kisses me first

• Pleasure only, not pain

Fuck me. I created this list...then I had the best sex of my life, breaking most of these rules, and now we're going back to the list. I have literally given myself the worst sexual frustration I have ever experienced in my life. I want this man to fuck me, I want to experience our first night together all over again...but we agreed...this is just business. He is my client, and it is my job to service and pleasure him. I need to put the first time out of my head and focus on right now.

His mouth makes contact with my nipple, pulling the black lace aside, and pushing all thought aside with it. I try to drop my head back, but he still has a grip on the ring on my collar and it restricts the movement. I lift my hands to the back of his head instead, holding him in place while he sucks, nibbles and licks at my nipple and massages my breast. I can't help but moan out loud..."You going to cum from this?" he teases me. 

I respond by shifting his head to the other breast for attention "No, but I might from this. It is the more sensitive one." I punctuate my statement by blowing out an exhale and starting to whimper. I can feel my pussy grinding against the air between us, trying to make contact with his cock. He bites down softly, respecting the pleasure only rule, and my first orgasm bursts out of me. 

He releases my nipple, soothing it by sucking gently on it and swirling his tongue around the sensitive spot. Then his tongue slides across my breast to the space in between my tits. He shifts direction at the spot and glides his tongue up my chest to the side of my throat. He pauses there, fastening his mouth to my throat. I moan, but remind him he can't leave marks on me. His response is to slap my ass hard, and we both know that it left a bright pink mark on my ass, while continuing to suck and lick on my throat. 

My hand reaches for his cock, and to intensify my sexual frustration further, I realize he is still dressed. I begin to feel my way through undoing his pants while his mouth works its way to my ear. My ears are super sensitive, sometimes it feels amazing and I can even orgasm from the attention. Sometimes the sensation is too much and I pull away. Fortunately, this is one of the good times, and I moan and whimper and press toward him, my body building up to another foreplay orgasm. 

I cum just as I get his pants undone and slip my hand inside. He's already hard and I stroke him through his boxer briefs before I start working his pants down. He removes his mouth from my ear and hand from my collar to take over removing his clothes. I feel his chest against my back as he gets behind me and starts playing with my tits from behind. This is one of my favorite things, and I let my head drop back onto his shoulder and melt a little bit from the pleasure. 

He slides his hands down my sides, tracing the hourglass shape down to my hips, and holds them while he grinds against my ass. I tease him that I reserve the right to refuse anal, and his answer is to press his thumb firmly against my asshole while gripping my hip with the other hand. I can't help myself, and grind backwards against that thumb. 

The other hand starts pulling my thong off and I rise up off my knees to help him slide it down my thighs. Once the panties are no longer in the way, he uses one hand to play with my clit and the other is still pressing against my ass. I shriek softly at this front and back play, and feel him slide a finger into my pussy from behind while his thumb is still toying with my ass. I reach backwards with one hand and start stroking him again. I also turn my head toward him, like I'm looking at him over my shoulder. I'm really just hoping to kiss him or that our lips will accidentally brush. 

In response, he pushes me down so I'm on all fours on the bed. I feel him grind against my pussy and ass, and then start slapping my ass with his cock. Again I grind back against him, and quietly remind him of the rules. 

He flips me over and when I'm on my back, he presses the head of his cock against my pussy. "Oh God, yes!" The words come out of my mouth before I can stop them, and my hips lift to take him inside me. But he doesn't thrust into me like he did the first time. Just holds against my opening. 

I lower my hand and start stroking him, rubbing his cock up and down my wet slit, teasing my clit with it until I cum. He's breathing heavily and trying not to groan. "Do you like that?" I ask, returning him to the opening and shifting my hips so the tip enters me. He moans out a yes, and I start to take him a touch deeper, just so I can feel the ridge of his head slip inside. He pulls away with a groan and reminds me of the rules this time. Dammit, I was so close. I want to feel him again. 

I take control back by getting quickly on all fours and taking his cock in my mouth. I can tell right away that my amazing blow job skills are working from his sharp inhale and when his hands lock on my head to keep me going. I manage to pull away to tell him "you taste like my pussy." 

At that he grabs me by the collar and pulls my mouth to his. Oh God yes, I have been dying for this. I swirl my tongue around his and suck on his tongue, then kiss him firmly on the lips. "You taste so good," he tells me, and I kiss him again...then drop my head back down to his cock. I spit on his cock head and suck him sloppily. "Oh fuck yes! You're so fucking hot!" I smile to myself as I lick around the ridge of his head. 

I stroke him, slipping a hand underneath to massage his sack, and then following my hand with my mouth to suck on them. I can practically see his head fall backwards as he moans his pleasure. I feel him start to pulse and thicken in my hand and swell in my mouth. I lift my head long enough to remind him that he's not allowed to cum in my mouth before I start bobbing again. He locks one hand on my head and holds me in place while he starts fucking my mouth. I whimper and try to pull away when I taste precum on my tongue, and he finally releases me to grab a condom...bending over to kiss me again as he reaches into the center table drawer. 

I hear the condom wrapper and ask him how he wants me. I'm secretly disappointed that I won't feel his bare cock inside me, but I'm a pro, I'm not going to push that issue. I feel his finger slip into the ring of the collar again and pull me toward him "Get on top of me." I manage to do so while he still has a grip on me, and then "Put me in you." 

I grab his cock and position it against my pussy and then slide down the length, taking him deep inside me. We moan in unison and I lean over to kiss him again. I murmur against his lips that I can kiss him now that he has kissed me first. His response is to thrust hard into me while opening his lips and thrusting his tongue in my mouth at the same time. The combined sensation shoots me into another orgasm and I moan against his mouth. 

He starts fucking me from underneath and I cum over and over again, almost screaming my pleasure out loud. This is what I have been secretly waiting for since the first time he fucked me. I wanted to experience it again, him thrusting hard into me from beneath me. I had never experienced anything like it before, and I knew then that fucking him is different...special...the best I've ever had. I am amazed by this incredible feeling all over again, he is fucking fantastic. 

His hand has dropped from my collar and he is holding my hips firmly in both hands. He's bouncing me slightly, but mostly he is just pounding away at my pussy from beneath me, and it feels fucking incredible. After one particularly intense orgasm I collapse panting on his chest, and he puts his arms around me and strokes my back. I tighten and release my pussy around him as I catch my breath. 

My lips find his throat and I fasten my mouth to it. This time he reminds me of the no marks rule, and my response is to tell him that we never established that rule for him and I sink my teeth into his throat (while still respecting the pleasure not pain rule.) He laughs and flips us so he's on top of me. I feel him drop onto his elbows so my tits are pressed against his chest. I wrap my legs around him as I feel a finger slip into the loop of the collar again. 

He pulls my mouth to his and starts pounding into my pussy, hard and fast. I orgasm against his lips and then manage to turn my head slightly to breathe while I scream out another one. He has a firm grip on the collar and my movements are restricted, reminding me that he is completely in control of this situation. He's fucking me hard, and I start fucking him back, finding his rhythm with my hips and taking him deeper. 

We both moan at top volume when the condom suddenly breaks and I feel his bare cock inside me. Oh my God, this is exactly what I wanted. "Oh my God, you feel so good" he groans out against my mouth and then releases my collar to thrust deep and hold. I lift my hips and wrap my legs tighter, holding him inside me. 

"We should stop..." I don't even know at this point which one of us said it. My brain is spinning from how much I've cum and the sudden amazing feeling of him inside me. He again takes control by thrusting into me a few times until I cum all over his cock, drenching him. 

"Oh fuck baby, you're so fucking wet. You're going to make me cum." I bite my tongue to keep from begging him to fill me and instead pull his mouth down to mine and suck on his tongue while I thrust into him. He moans and exhales and then pulls away. "I want you to make me cum." YES, I tell him, perhaps a little too eagerly. Then a wash of disappointment comes over me when he pulls out. 

He slaps my pussy lightly with his bare cock, and then brings it to my mouth. He's kneeling over me and I start sucking him again, purposefully this time. I am on a mission to make him cum, but also, I know how fucking good I am, and I want him to remember it and want me again. He starts to fuck my mouth and I take it like the pro I am. I do pull my head away to remind him about cumming in my mouth when I feel him harden even more. He promises and feeds it to me again. Moments before he cums he pulls out and shoots it all over my face and tits, and rubbing his cum covered cock on my lips before kissing me. 

"You taste like both of our cum." he murmurs. I open my mouth and suck his tongue inside. He groans and I feel his still hard cock start to press against my pussy while he kisses me. Then suddenly he thrusts hard inside me, bareback, the way I want him, and starts pounding me again "I'm going to cum again" he groans against my ear. 

"Yes, cum for me!" I am begging shamelessly at this point but I don't care. I feel him get hard and I scream out my own orgasm, and then almost cry when he suddenly pulls out. Then he shoots his load all over my pussy. 

"I didn't cum inside you and I didn't cum in your mouth." I laugh softly at this, because he does have a point...he chose to cum ON me instead of IN me in both of those situations. 

"Yes, but you did fuck me without a condom" I tease. 

We lay together for a minute until the heart rates slow down, then he gets up to get me a towel. This is a sign, it is time to go. I wipe up and he again guides me to bathroom to clean up before I leave. 

Before leaving me to remove the blindfold, clean up, and gather my things, he pulls me to him by the collar again. Presses my naked body against his, so my damp pussy grinds against his cock, slips a hand around to grab my ass. I lift my head, hoping to be kissed, but instead he drops his head to my nipple and sucks on it, while maintaining the grip on my ass. 

Then turns me toward the door, and bends me over. I find the door jam with my hands as I feel him spreading my legs. I shriek when his tongue makes contact with my ass. A couple of fingers slip into my pussy while he licks me. When I cum again, he stands up, pulls me back against him, grinding his cock between my ass cheeks, and fondling my tits from behind the way I love. 

"You didn't refuse this time, because I didn't ask. But someday soon, I'm going to be fucking that tight, sweet ass again." He slips a fingertip just inside my asshole to punctuate his words, and then slaps my ass again, before pushing me gently into the bathroom and murmuring "Goodnight" before closing the door.