 Part 21

She re-read the note and saw that it was signed "Your loving slave, Antonio" and she smiled, now knowing that it was his tongue, lips and fingers she felt while she was under the effects of the medication. She wasn't sure exactly how long she had been under from the medication, but a few moments after she woke up, Antonio came into the room to see how she was and if she was awake yet.

She smiled as she saw him and she thanked him for his help, to which he replied, "It was my pleasure, Mistress. Your wish is my command." Then he sat beside her and turned her face to his and kissed her deeply, his tongue sliding sensually along her lips and teeth to dance seductively with hers. She felt his hand slide down her shoulder and arm, and come to rest gently on her breast, kneading and cupping it softly in his hand.

Toni felt her skin tingle wherever he touched her and she felt the familiar sensations starting again down in her pussy. Antonio's hand slid down from her breast across her stomach to her hip and her legs, coming very close to her now throbbing pussy. Antonio inhaled deeply and whispered in her ear, "Mistress, I can smell the musky scent of your arousal, and I have to say, it's really turning me on. I want to lay you back on this bed and make love to you so bad, but I cant since I'm on duty. But I will get you so aroused that you wont be able to wait once you meet those two gentlemen tonight. You will be begging them to make love to you in every way imaginable and in every position possible. I promise you, Mistress, you will enjoy every moment of it too. Now, please lie down on your belly and relax, my beautiful Mistress. Let your Antonio assist you with your anxiety."

She laid down and rested her head on the pillow as Antonio began massaging her feet with some warm baby oil. His hands moved slowly but firmly up her legs, kneading and squeezing the muscles and working out the tension. She sighed deeply as his hands kneaded the soft moons of her ass, occasionally dipping between her cheeks and brushing her pucker-hole or pussy lips. She moaned and wanted to bad to have an orgasm but Antonio kept massaging her tense anxious muscles. His hands moved up her back, covering her soft skin with the warm baby oil as he massaged her, working up to her shoulders and arms.

She was totally relaxed when she heard Antonio whisper in her ear that he was going to roll her over onto her back. She barely moved as he pulled her to the side of the bed and rolled her over carefully, her breasts jiggling as she went onto her back. Antonio couldn't help placing a gentle kiss on each fleshy mound's tip before continuing his massage, starting at her toes and working his way up her lush tanned body, pausing at her bald pussy and gently palming her there. 

The pressure was incredible and she started moaning as he increased the pressure on her sensitive flesh without dipping his fingers between the moist folds. He felt her start to tremble and knew she was close to an orgasm, so he stopped applying the pressure to her mound. She took a deep breath and whispered hoarsely, "I want to cum Antonio! Please, make me cum!" 

He stood and removed his hands from her heated flesh and said, "No, my beautiful Mistress. You must save that love honey for the gentlemen tonight. I have you primed and ready for them, now you must get dressed and go home to prepare for your date. Remember Mistress, you MUST NOT have an orgasm before going to the two gentlemen. They will want you hot and eager for their attentions, not easily worn down within the first ten minutes. Here are your clothes and shoes. Get dressed and I will await you out in the hallway." With that parting remark, the door closed behind Antonio, leaving Toni to dress.

Five minutes later, Toni left the room and as promised, Antonio was waiting for her with a small bag in his hand. He gave it to her and said, "Do not look inside the bag until you get home, Mistress. The contents of that bag will help you tonight on your adventure. I look forward to hearing all about your appointment this weekend when we get together for dinner Friday night. Good luck Mistress." With that, he walked her to her car and opened the door for her. She drove away, waving her hand to Antonio out the window. He waved back and she saw him go back into the building.

Toni kept her promise to not peek into the bag until she got home. She parked her car and ran into the building to the elevator, quickly pushed the button for the 4th floor and ran to her apartment. She went right into the kitchen and dumped the contents of the bag onto the table, revealing about a dozen lubricated condoms, 3 bottles of flavored desensitizing lubricants in strawberry, vanilla and peppermint, a pair of black leather blindfolds, and two pair of pink fuzzy handcuffs with keys. She had to laugh at the ideas Antonio thought she would come up with for the items. She put the things back in the bag and went to the bedroom to prepare for the appointment, noticing on her way that the clock in the living room showed the time to be 5:45 pm.

She chose a sexy red lingerie set to wear under her clothes and laid it on the bed, then went to her closet to select an outfit for the night. She chose a red sleeveless leather mini dress with a low-cut neckline that would show off her breasts without exposing too much of them. The hem came down to about three inches above her knees and it had a silver buckled chain belt around the waist of the dress. She got out her red silk stockings and a pair of 5-inch red sling-back heels with tiny silver bows on them, placing all the clothes on the bed. 

With her attire chosen, she went to shower again, being sure to shave completely in all the right places, leaving her skin soft and silky smooth. She dried her hair and styled it to fall in soft ringlets down her back and over her shoulders. She lightly applied some pale pink and blue eye-shadow, and a peachy colored blush. She used a frosty pink lipstick as well. Once her hair and make-up were done, she went to the bedroom and dressed. 

Looking at her alarm clock, she saw that it was now 7:15 pm. She had to be at the Little Eagle Inn in 45 minutes. She quickly slid her sandals on and grabbed her heels, purse, and the goodie bag, then ran out the door, locking up behind her. Once in her car, she buckled her seatbelt and started the engine, pulled out of the parking lot and drove west to the neighboring town of Eagle Creek. Twenty minutes later, she pulled into the parking lot of the Inn. She checked her make-up and hair again, slid her feet into her red high heels, popped a piece of mint chewing gum into her mouth then got out of the car.

Walking into the building, she asked where the bar was, and the waitress led her to a table in the corner after Toni told her that she was expecting someone. About fifteen minutes later, two gentlemen walked in and Toni knew they were the ones she was to meet. They saw her sitting in the corner sipping at a margarita with two olives and walked over to her. They introduced themselves and ordered drinks as they sat with Toni, one man on each side of her.

*******************

Part 22

Toni dreamed of having two men together. Now she got her opportunity. Wearing the sexy outfit helped her feel more aroused and confident. She wanted Joe and Bill to jump her bones, but she knew that the build-up was often better than the actual event. 

The three chatted for a bit, learning about each other. Toni learned that the two men were on a business trip and staying at the Inn. They had come across her ad in the newspaper, and she was happy things had worked out. She had no idea how to divide her sexual energy between the two handsome men.

Bill asked Toni to dance, and he held out his hand, which she took willingly. He led her upstairs to where the dance floor was. Twenty minutes later, they returned to find Joe watching some sports program on the TV with a woman sitting beside him with her hand on his back. Toni got jealous of the attention and pretended she was his girlfriend. Rather than get upset with him, she moved to his other side. Toni took Joe's hand firmly and moved it onto her long legs and started sliding it up her thigh. The other woman got the hint and left. Joe gave Toni a surprised look, and she used that opportunity to lean in and give him a sensual kiss, which lasted longer than either of them expected.

Now it was Bill's turn to get annoyed. He flicked his tongue on Toni's ear. One of his hands started cupping her ample breasts. She moaned in Joe's mouth and broke the kiss to get a breath of air and she said, "This is going to be a fun night, boys. Shall we go upstairs now?" Both men agreed and Toni pushed back the chair to get up. She took both guys by the hand and led them to the elevator.

Both men were vying for her uninterrupted sexual energy and attention in the elevator. Bill unlocked the room and they all went inside the room, which was dominated by a king-size canopy bed covered in black silk with red curtains around it. Bill moved in front of Toni once they were near the bed. Joe caressed her long legs and squeezed her ass from behind. He unzipped her skirt to reveal the red lingerie. One of Joe's hands massaged her breast while the other played with Toni's clit through the thin fabric of her red lace panties.

Bill slowly moved one of his hands lower until it soon reached her wet pussy. Both men started playing with her pussy. She sat down on the bed and her legs were pushed apart gently but firmly. She felt a tongue lapping hungrily at her wet snatch. With her eyes closed, she didn't know who was eating her out or who had his cock between her breasts fucking them slowly. Toni made an "O" with her lips whenever the guys cock head got close to her mouth, and flicked at him with her tongue. He increased the pressure on her breasts as he squeezed them together around his shaft. He removed his cock from that position and moved down to suck on her hard nipples.

His spittle served as lube which he used to fuck her breasts harder. Toni sucked on and flicked her tongue at the cock head. His cock started throbbing wildly and he growled as his hot jizz spurted from his cock. He covered her breasts with his white juice then urged Toni to suck him clean. She moaned loudly as the other man began fucking her pussy with his large shaft. Her vaginal muscles tightened and the guy started shooting his love nectar deep inside Toni's tight cunt.

They rested for a bit to catch their breath. Joe poured three glasses of chilled wine, handing Bill and Toni each a glass before picking up his own. The alcohol helped Toni feel more alive, which she would need for the second round. This time she wanted to help some of Joe and Bill's fantasies come alive.

*************************

Part 23

She slowly got up from the bed and told the guys that she had to use the little girls' room and excused herself for a few moments. She picked up her tote bag from the dresser and went into the bathroom. While in there she peed, douched and washed up, then took a moment to slip in the diaphragm which she had remembered to pack in her bag. She also touched up her make-up before going back out to the bedroom. Joe and Bill were relaxing on the bed sipping the wine. Toni noticed that Joe had turned on the TV and that there was a porn film playing. Both men had rather sizeable erections going on.

Toni felt herself dampen and quickly joined them on the bed, snuggling between them and giving each man a long passionate kiss. She handed them each a condom and said, "Here boys, put these on and we will have some real good fun while watching this video." They looked at each other and complied with her request, ripping open the little packets and slowly rolling the pre-lubed condoms over their hard cocks. Once they were sheathed, Toni got up on her knees facing them and started stroking them simultaneously. Both men were moaning with pleasure until Toni said, "Joe, get behind me as I straddle Bill. I want you to fuck my ass while Bill fucks my pussy at the same time."

Joe smiled and helped Toni straddle Bill and lower herself onto his cock. Once Bill was fully inside Toni, Joe slowly spread her ass cheeks and spit on her pucker-hole to lube it. He used the head of his cock to spread the saliva and slowly pushed into her ass until he was fully enclosed within her tight hole. He groaned as he felt Bill start moving within her pussy and shortly, they both set up a steady rhythm. Toni had never been so full of cock in her life and she moaned, "This feels totally incredible boys! Don't stop yet, make Mama cream all over you!"

They had began moving faster and harder, when there was a knock on the door. Toni yelled "Come in!" and the door opened. There stood Antonio wearing a pair of tight leather pants and a leather vest and no shirt underneath. 

He came in and closed the door and said, "The agency called and asked me to come over and help you out, Mistress. I see you are finally trying the dual penetration that we practiced for the other day. Want a third?" She couldn't speak, so she nodded and Antonio quickly undressed, revealing his rock hard nine-inch cock to her hungry gaze. With Bill and Joe still fucking her lower holes, Antonio got on the bed and Toni took his cock in her mouth, sucking and licking him and letting him fuck her mouth.  

She moaned loudly and soon, all three men were reaching their climax. Antonio shot his hot jizz deep into her mouth and she sucked him dry. She heard and felt Bill and Joe climaxing deep in her ass and pussy and screamed as her own orgasm hit hard. She couldn't speak and her legs felt like jelly. Her head was spinning with the intensity of the release. Antonio got off the bed and went to the bathroom, retrieving a few wet washcloths. He handed the other guys each one, and they slowly withdrew from Toni's ass and pussy, being careful not to leave the condoms in her.

They removed the condoms and disposed of them in the wastebasket by the bed, then cleaned themselves off with the washcloths. Antonio gently washed Toni's mouth, pussy and ass, then washed himself off with the last cloth. Toni thanked all three men and Antonio helped her dress as Bill and Joe got dressed. The 2 men gave her a large tip then walked Toni to her car after Antonio left. She thanked them again, and they both kissed her before she left in her car.

Toni went home feeling happy and more energized after the encounter than she did before it, knowing that she had never climaxed that hard before, and probably never would again. She went right to her computer and opened her journal program, and made notes on her experience. She remembered how it felt to have those two large cocks pounding her pussy and ass simultaneously as Antonio fucked her mouth, and she couldn't help but smile, knowing she made all three men happy that night. She decided that she wouldn't need another workout with her toys for a couple of days, knowing that she was satisfied for the time being. She sat at her computer typing her experience when the phone rang. She answered it to find out it was the agency, letting her know about her next client. She would expect the messenger in the morning, so there was no rush to ask more about the next person she was to meet. She hung up the phone and went back to her computer and typed in this entry: 

"The evening was a complete success. I had my first experience with dual penetration and I found that I really enjoyed it immensely. I was not surprised when Antonio arrived and offered a third cock for our fun. I love sucking his shaft into my mouth, he tastes like peppermint and total man! Joe and Bill were incredible too, and I hope someday to meet up with them again, but not necessarily as an escort through the agency. It was a night that I will never ever forget. My only regret from this evening was that no photographs were taken as souvenirs. I will be sure to take some of me using all my toys and see that the agency gets them to Joe and Bill, if possible. I look forward to my next encounter but I know it will not be as much fun as tonight was."

With that, she saved her work, and turned off the computer after checking her emails and messages. She showered, then grabbed a snack and settled herself into bed, her mind and body full of sexual satisfaction and happiness, as well as a new awareness of her 'kinky' side of her sexual being. That was something she wanted to explore further, with different techniques and activities and positions eventually, and she fully intended to pay several more visits to Antonio and the Clinic.

The End.