 Part 11

Toni went to the bathroom and took a long narrow box out of the cabinet by the sink, then took a bottle of regular K-Y Jelly lubricant from the medicine cabinet. She peed then washed up a bit before going back out to the living room. Adam was reclining on the sofa, flipping through Toni's latest issue of her Adam & Eve toy catalog. She could see that he was semi-aroused from looking at the pictures of vibrators, dildos, and other sexual items in the catalog. She knew from watching him that the next lesson would go well.

She stepped to the sofa and sat down, placing the box and bottle on the end table. She gently took the catalog from his hand and said, "It's time for the next lesson, Adam. For this one, we need to go into my bedroom so we have more room to stretch out on the bed. Please come with me, babe." She picked up the box and bottle, and Adam followed her into the bedroom. She put the box and bottle on the dresser as she directed Adam to lay down on the bed and get comfortable. She opened the box and removed 2 slender vibrators and a slim finger-shaped, slightly- bent dildo. 

She held them all up to show Adam, and he looked at her questioningly. In response, she said, "Some men get stronger orgasms when they have the prostate gland pressed with the use of a dildo or vibrator. I want to try that with you and see what you think of it. Don't worry, these are small and I will lubricate them well, honey. I promise not to hurt you and that you might even enjoy this lesson. Now, I need you to get on your hands and knees, with your legs spread about shoulder width apart, Adam.....yeah, just like that. Perfect! Now don't move. He he."

She took the finger-shaped dildo and lubed it up really well, then knelt behind Adam's ass, giving him a light pat and squeeze on both ass cheeks. She placed a towel between his legs, right under his cock and belly, then she dripped some lube between his cheeks over his ass hole and rubbed the tip of the dildo over it, spreading the lubricant while gently pressing the dildo against his hole. She reached a hand down and started to caress his balls and cock, which were hanging down between his legs. His cock was semi-hard already, and as she started stroking him, she slowly slid the dildo into his ass, a little bit at a time, which made him gasp at the first press into him. 

"This dildo is only about 5 inches long, and an inch thick, and slightly bent so when it's all the way in, it presses firmly on the prostate gland, to give more release as you reach your climax, Adam. Stroking your cock helps increase the pleasure. Do you think your girlfriend would do this to you, like I am, Adam?" Toni asked him after her explanation. He moaned, apparently too wrapped up in the pleasurable sensations he was feeling, to answer with words. He dipped his head and buried his face in the pillow as his cock started pulsing and throbbing, just seconds before he exploded his jizm all over the towel beneath him with a loud growl.

Toni applied a little more pressure to the dildo and Adam shot more cum onto the towel, leaving a nice puddle about 2 inches in diameter on the towel. She noticed his legs were trembling, so she rolled up the towel and wiped his cock of the left-over cum drops, then she slowly removed the dildo and wiped his ass of the lubricant. She said, "Very good, Adam. You can lay down now, and rest while I take care of the dildo and towel." She got off the bed and went to the bathroom to wash the dildo and put the towel in the laundry hamper to wash later.

When she went back to the bedroom, Adam was laying on his back with a dazed expression on his face, like he was in shock that he had cum so hard so quickly. He looked at Toni, smiled his devilishly handsome smile and said, "Oh My God Toni, that was so awesome! I definitely have to tell my girlfriend about doing that! Damn, I feel like I was fucking for hours non-stop! Is it supposed to be that way afterwards?"

Toni smiled and sat on the bed beside him, her hand lazily sliding up and down his thigh. She said, "No Adam, it's not like that all the time, but it is quite often, depending on how long you wait between prostate stimulation sessions. The longer you wait, the harder you will cum. If you are alone and you want to try that, you just lube the dildo, and slide it in your ass slowly, then sit in a reclined position either in a chair, on the couch or on a bed, then stroke your cock until you cum."

************************

Part 12

  Adam took a shower with Toni. She enjoyed washing his body completely. He repaid her for the favor with his fingers going in and out of her pussy until she came all over them. She brought his fingers to her mouth and tasted them. Toni kissed him sensually so they shared her sweet nectar. 

  After drying off, Toni drove Adam back to his university. They talked about ways to pleasure a woman and all the new ways he learned about going down on one until she is screaming for mercy. 

  Toni returned to her place and did some work. She focused hard for two straight hours getting what she needed done. The work projects kept her mind focused on other things besides being an escort. Before long, the cell phone rang. It was her service asking if she was interested in another assignment. The receptionist explained that the client is into anal, something Toni was not comfortable performing. The receptionist explained that he was willing to pay double the usual fee to have someone of Toni's caliber. 

  The thought of having someone's cock explode inside her tight, virgin hole was somewhat repulsive to her. Toni explained that to the receptionist who told her about a special clinic some escorts use before engaging in fantasies or fetishes they are not comfortable doing. Toni got the number to the place and figured it didn't hurt to experiment before engaging in the real thing. 

  She called up the establishment and learned of a cancellation later that day. Toni took a long and hot shower. The water felt good after going down on Adam and teaching him some new things sexually. Nasty thoughts entered her mind of being taken in the shower by surprise. Instinctively, she closed her eyes and imagined a lover doing that in the shower. 

   Toni opened them suddenly after fearing that she didn't have enough time to explode before the appointment. She grabbed a towel to dry off her body. She got dressed in comfortable clothing and headed to the place. 

  Driving along, Toni thought about teasing herself in public. That was something else she wanted one of her clients to perform with her, but many were fearful of being caught by someone they recognized. 

  She arrived at the establishment and looked around a bit. She had arrived at what appeared liked a business. Toni walked to the office and informed the receptionist of her purpose. The receptionist smiled at her and had her fill out some paperwork before waiting for her name. A woman opened the door near the receptionist desk asking for someone named Toni. Toni got up and slowly followed the woman. 

To Be Continued...