 Hello everyone, this is my first attempt at erotic fiction. I'm going with an idea present to me by a friend and want to see what you think. Please read and review and I look forward to your input! Thanks for reading! Oh, and of course, everyone depicted here is eighteen or older! 

~*~*~*~

At this moment, I was still attempting to fathom exactly what sting of fateful events had transpired to bring me to this exact moment to have this young, eighteen year old goddess' head bobbing down hungrily on my lap, lavishing my thick, swollen member in the heaven that was her mouth. I had long ago made the realization that I was going to hell because I was breaking every ethical and moral fiber of my being by doing this, and honestly that made me the hardest I had ever been in my life.

The day had started out as mundane as any in my life, well as mundane as it can for an assistant debate coach. That entailed me having to wake up at the bright, perky hour of three in the morning to make it to the high school to load onto the bus that would take me and my team of overly rambunctious energetic students on the three hour drive to Denver for our national qualifiers round.

Waking this early in the morning left me asking why I had chosen to take up the position as an assistant coach at the local high school. I knew the answer instantly, it came from the fact that the school was paying me a pretty sum for my prior debate experience in high school, not to mention the multitude of political science and criminal justice classes I had already taken for me to graduate at the end of the year.

Of course, the money wasn't everything that kept me motivated me at helping coach debate. There was also the fact that Pershing Prep was an all girls school, and being immersed amongst thirty some-odd high school girls didn't hurt at all.

"Hey Nick!" Came the cheery voice of Brooke Shields, one of those bubbly, always positive sort of girls who continued to baffle me. It should be criminal for anyone to be this cheery at this time in the morning. I nodded to her as she bounded up the steps of the bus. I couldn't help but notice that she wore the traditional school uniform; pristine white button-up shirt, turquoise-and-emerald tie that complemented the pleated skirt that was wonderful at showing off the girls' toned legs.

Yeah, that's why I keep coming back. I thought humorously to myself. As I yawned quietly as I made my way up the steps into the bus. I frowned slightly as I saw the driver. It was Jake, he wasn't the first choice I would have hoped for driving the bus. Jake had a habit of getting us lost on numerous occasion and I figured it would automatically add an additional hour on the trip's time.

Thankfully, he wasn't going to be my concern that was left to Sheryl, the head coach. All I was needed for was to help watch after the girls, and try and catch some much needed sleep.

As I rounded the corner, I locked eyes with my boss. Sheryl Duvall was a stunning woman, in her late thirties, the woman still looked vibrant and youthful and honestly I had harbored more than my faire-share of fantasies of what I would like to do with her. She kept her blonde hair short, and it did well to accentuate her alabaster skin. She preferred to dress conservatively, wearing pant-suits and blazers, but she also knew how to exploit her femininity. From the supple way she filled out her blouse, to how her legs seemed to go on forever, I fantasized about her and I alone in her classroom, and me bending her over her desk, while I rammed my nice hard member into her before I came all over her phenomenal ass.

Ah, to only dream...I thought as I gave her a welcoming smile. "How's it going, Miss Duvall?" If there was one thing that Sheryl was completely adamant about it was maintaining discipline. Perhaps that was why I fantasized about her as much as I did, there was nothing sexier than a strong woman who demanded respect.

"Hi Nick," She said with her own yawn, "Sorry about that, but honestly I can't wait for us to get on the road. This is going to be a long day." She grumbled, her eyes settling on the back of the driver's head.

"I don't doubt it." I said with a grin of my own, as I looked at everyone who had assembled. As a part of our requirements to participate in tournaments, we were required to provide a number of our own judges. Often times than not we were scraping the bottom of the barrel to find victims...err volunteers. Today though, it seemed like we had a full house and every one of them seemed to have made it onto the bus before I had.

As a general rule, the coaches and judges usually filled the front of the bus while the students packed into the back. I knew from my days in debate that the reasons for that were strikingly obvious, but with it being an all-girls team, I couldn't think of any other reason than for them to escape the dreaded lepers that were adults.

All the same, I found myself filling a bench seat about midway through the bus. I tossed my backpack down on the floor and kicked my feet up on the opposite seat. The pillow I had brought to be my faithful companion was now tucked behind my head as I reached into my coat pocket for my ipod to drift into blissful oblivion.

There was a slight ruffle in the seat behind me that forced my eyes to open. I was rewarded with the overly eager expression of Brittany Shaw looking down at me. She was one of my seniors, and honestly continued to baffle me that someone so gorgeous could be so smart. Those two qualities weren't all that common. Her deep, emerald eyes were mesmerizing even in the dim glow from the bus' internal lights.

"Hi Nick," She said, her voice light and humorous. "Looks like you got suckered with babysitting us."

"I got suckered with nothing," I replied, as I tossed one ear-bud in. "I think you're all old enough to look after yourselves with me chaperoning."

"Oh...you think so." She said, her voice taking on a quirky edge. "To tell you the truth, I wouldn't trust half of the girls alone if I were you."

"Thankfully we're on a bus, no one's alone." I said hoping to brush her off and letting me fall asleep. Sure, talking and dealing with the girls was fun, but at this god-awful hour I just wanted to sleep a few extra hours so I could feel somewhat human.

Brittany, for all her character, merely smirked at me. "Oh, you'd be surprised." She said with a wink, but soon departed.

Pretty soon we were underway. For a lot of people sleeping on a bus is difficult. The constant vibration and jostling from the shocks tend to unnerve some people. For me, it could put me out like a light. While I might sleep, I'm a light sleep, so when I felt something brush against my leg, I was instantly awake. I frowned as I saw Brittany kneeling in the aisle. 

"What's going on?" I asked groggily, pulling my ear-buds out as I leaned forward and looked around the rest of the bus. I was surprised to find most of our judges sleeping soundly, actually most of the bus seemed pretty zonked.

"I need to ask you some questions." Brittany said in a low voice.

"About your case? Can't it wait?" I grumbled really not interested in letting my brain get started this early in the morning.

"Actually, it's not about the case." She said in the same low voice. "But I'm wide awake and full of energy, I need to do something or I'm going to be useless for the tournament."

I quirked an eyebrow at her, "Can't you talk to one of the other girls, I mean, I'm sure Brooke is bursting to talk about anything."

Brittany snorted a laugh, "Brooke's out like a light and drooling!" 

There was something cute about that little laugh of her that made me think the request over again. "Fine, what do you want to talk about?" I asked.

"Here, let's talk back here so we don't wake anyone up." She beamed, utterly enthused as she beckoned me to follow her back another row. I looked around at the arrangement. It would place two empty rows of seats between us and the judges as well as the students all of whom also looked to be out. At first I was a little apprehensive, but when she situated herself in one bench seat then patted the seat across from her, I felt somewhat more confident that nothing was amiss.

"Okay," I said as I settled into the seat, "What do you want to talk about?"

"Boys!" She said eagerly.

"That's it, I'm leaving." I said as I began to stand up.

Almost as quickly as I rose, her hand shot out and grabbed my arm, "Please, Nick. I really, really need to talk to you about this."

"And I really, really like my job. I'm not going to talk about this with you Brittany."

She smirked at me, "Come on, Nick. It's harmless. What's wrong with just talking?"

"Because talking isn't always harmless," I muttered as I stared into those pleading emerald eyes. Against my better judgment, I chose to retake my seat.

"And you'd know this for a fact?" She asked, her voice taking on that tone of sweet and innocence. 

"What do you want to know?" I said, hoping to get this over with as quickly as possible. I glanced down at my phone, and noticed that we had only been on the road for about forty-five minutes.

She leaned forward, keeping her voice so low that I even found it difficult to hear her over the rumble of the bus. "Look, I've been dating my boyfriend, Aaron, for the last couple months, well things are sort of getting a little...well physical."

"I don't want to talk about this." I said realizing the trouble I would find myself in just hearing this much. I began to stand, but Brittany blocked me, she quickly filled the bench seat with me.

"Brittany move!" I demanded in a low growl.

"Nope," She grinned impishly, "I need your help and you're going to give it to me."

"No, I'm not." He hissed back.

"Yes, you are, or Miss Duvall is going to hear about how you tried to take advantage of me back here." She threatened.

I blinked at her horrified. "What the..."

"I need some help with something, and you're the perfect specimen for the job." She said with an evil twinkle in her eye.

"You little bitch." I growled angrily.

She leaned forward, and I flinched as I felt her soft, delicate fingers on the side of my cheek as she whispered into my ear, "I'm a naughty little bitch, Nick." She said softly. "Now just be quiet and help me out and no one will have to know any different."

"I don't..." I began, but her fingertips brushed down along my jaw until I felt it against my lips. 

"Shh..." she cooed, "Listen, you're a smart guy, and really cute too, but most of all smart. You know that I could get you fired this moment by just accusing you of impropriety. What I need is inappropriate, but the difference is that if you do this, it'll just be between you and me, and hopefully when it's all said and done you'll come out of this enjoying it as much as I will."

She cast a casual glance around the bus to make sure that everyone else was still asleep before she scooted back to the edge of the bench seat. "Now, Nick, as I was saying, Aaron and I have started to get a little physical...unfortunately I'm not...well versed in certain things." She said as she trailed a hand down my chest, until it settled on my crotch.

I flinched slightly at her touch, and damned my member as it responded to the girl's touch. Damn it, as much as I found dominating women enticing, this wasn't what I had in mind, I just wished my hormone addled mind would listen to my better judgment.

"Then watch porn if you want to get 'well versed.'" I growled back.

She shook her head, her short auburn locks flowing around her head, "I don't think so. I've never really been one for porn." She said as she continued to stroke, "And why should I when I have such a willing candidate to practice on."

Despite my best intentions, my body was mutinying on me. my member was now painfully erect and I was cursing myself with the reality that it had been so long since I last felt anyone's touch other than my own. 

"Shouldn't you be doing this with your boyfriend?" I grumbled back breathing deep.

"Aaron's one who likes experienced girls, and unfortunately that's something I'm not...yet, anyway." She said simply.

"This is idiotic!" I hissed.

"No, this is hard." She said gripping my member through my pants. "Look, Nick. We were messing around last night, he got me hot and heavy, and then when I tried to blow him, he got upset. Said I sucked at it, and dumped me off at my house to be with that slut Tiffany. I'm fucking horny, and I'm going to learn how to do this right. And you're going to be the good assistant coach that you are and teach me how to do it right. You understand."

I blinked, trying to process all that she had said through my fogged-filled mind. I could tell that she wasn't very skilled at what she was doing, but it had been so long that I didn't care all that much at this point. In any normal circumstance, I would like to comfort this girl and tell her that her boyfriend was a shit and she should strive for better...

But since she had her hand already on my crotch, such sentimentalities were clearly out the door.

With a soft groan, I nodded. "Fine, but Brittany, I need to know, how old are you?"

She smirked, "I turned eighteen last September. So do we have an understanding?"

"I'm so going to hell." I whispered softly.

"I promise to make it a fun trip." She said with a wink as she leaned back.

I had always snuck peaks at all of the girls on the team, and Brittany was no exception, but I hadn't really fantasized about her. Now though, I was looking at her in an entirely new light. The glow from the interior lights was almost nonexistent, but I could still make out the outline of her budding body. She had a small chest, but it was the flair of her hips and deliciously toned legs that had initially drawn my attention to her.

"What do you want to do?" I asked.

She smirked as she leaned forward, her hands fumbling over the button and fly of my pants, "I want to see what I have to work with first."

I couldn't believe this was happening, and I was damning myself for it. Still I knew she was dead honest about accusing me of doing exactly what it was she now doing should I try and stop her.

"Lift your hips," she growled, her voice becoming husky.

"You're not taking my pants off!" I hissed.

"I'm just easing them down, I want to see all of you."

I cursed as I lifted my hips slightly and she pulled down my jeans and boxers down to my mid-thighs. My member sprung free, standing proudly. I could already feel a thick, warm glob of pre-cum oozing down my swollen cockhead. I shivered as I felt Brittany's warm breath on my member.

"Wow, it's not as long as Aaron's." She said.

"Thanks," I growled angrily.

"But it's so thick." She said, as I suddenly felt her delicate fingers wrapping around my girth. I closed my eyes and gasped longingly as I felt a woman's touch once again. Another trickle of clear pre-cum streamed out from my head. "Looks like someone's overly excited."

"Just...just get it over with." I growled.

"With pleasure," Brittany said as she leaned forward, his tongue lapping at the tip of my head, a single strand of my pre-cum trailing from my head to her luscious lips. "hmm...tasty. What do I do now?"

I looked at her transfixed, "You're doing a pretty damn good job with just your tongue so far." I whispered.

"Oh, you liked that did you?" she asked as she continued to tease me by lapping her tongue over my head, I closed my eyes and gasped lightly. Taking my moans as motivation, she began enticing my entire length with her tongue. It teased and lapped, and suckled my thick, hard member. More and more pre-cum continued to gush forth, and she pulled away from my dick with a wide grin on her face. "You're getting almost as wet as I am." She said as she took one of my hands and guided it under her skirt.

I tried to pull away, but she gave me a challenging expression. Knowing the stakes, I relented and was rewarded by feeling the soaked fabric of her panties against my touch. Prompted by instinct rather than common sense, my fingers began to massage and circle her covered sex. A soft moan escapes her lips, "Oh yeah, that's what I've needed." She said before returning her attention to lavishing my member with her tongue.

"Use your lips," I whisper, continuing to be enthralled at just how soaked her panties are. Brittany nodded once as I suddenly feel her tongue replaced by her lips as they began to suck and tease my shaft. To my surprise, she sinks lower and lower along my length, and I'm surprised to find that she beginning to kiss and suckle my sack while continuing to stroke my cock. "Oh God, Brittany!" I whisper in surprise as I feel her take one of my balls into her mouth and sucking on it tantalizingly. "How can anyone say that you're bad at this!" I whisper.

She let my ball fall from her lips as she looked up at me, "Oh, that's because this is about all I can do." She said with a pout. 

"Well, don't stop," I whisper back to her, as if to encourage her, I let my fingers become a bit more adventurous, peeling aside the edge of her panties so that I could feel her delicate folds against my bare fingers. A shiver ran through her body in that moment. 

She took my encouragement and once again resumed her kissing and licking of my sack as her hand danced over my length.

I was trying to keep myself as quiet as possible, this was both exhilarating and terrifying all at the same time, and that made it all the more arousing. Here was this eighteen year old girl sucking me off on a bus full of students and adults, and at the very least I could go to jail for this, but as I felt her warm slick folds against my fingers, and her lips lavishing me, I could care less.

I pulled my fingers away from her wet twat and Brittany gave me a distressed look as I brought the fingers to my nose and inhaled deeply. She smelled like heaven before giving them a telling lick. God, that was a taste I could never live without!

"Time to learn some more." I growled, abandoning my resistance as I began to stroke her short brown locks. "Now you're going to learn how to suck cock." She seemed to give me this innocent, eager expression, as I guided her lips towards my swollen cockhead.

"First thing you want to do is clamp your lips around my cock, but be careful of your teeth." I warned, she obeyed, her big emerald eyes looking up to me hungrily as she did as I said. "That's good," I moaned, "Now remember to use your tongue when your lips are near my tip, tease my...yeah, like that." God, the girl was a quick study! I thought as I felt her tongue dance over my sensitive head. "Now just bob your head down, taking as much as you can."

She did as I commanded, lowering her head carefully. My girth was considerable and I loved the way her mouth tried to take as much of me into her as she could. It was amazing. I moaned again as the girl's tongue went to work every time her head bobbed up. Without any encouragement, I felt her hand once again continue to stroke the remainder of my seven-inch cock that she couldn't handle.

After a few minutes, her gyrations began pickup, her head beginning to bob faster and faster. I closed my eyes, lavishing in the heaven that was her mouth. My hips were beginning to buck and I began thrusting my member further and deeper into her wanting mouth. Brittany for all her effort was more than eager to accommodate, and before long I could feel my head pressing into the back of her mouth as she continued to look up to me in hunger.

She pulled free of my slick cock, a thick trail of saliva and pre-cum drooling from her lips. "Christ, I'm so fucking hot right now." She said as she reached under her skirt, in one quick move, her panties came into view as she pulled them down her thighs. She shifted around the bench seat until they were completely off. "I need this cock in me now." She growled.
