 My ex was very entertaining, once she came out of her shell. And she never wasted an opportunity to shock or surprise me. But you can see that in chapter one and two. They're posted in loving wives. 

This happened before we were actually married, but I have the feeling it qualifies anyway. 

She ran with several other girls, and most of them were amazing. Two of them were former beauty contestants. The first was Judy. She was a tall thin blonde, and always reminded me of Susan Anton back in her heyday. 

The second was Marti. She was absolutely stunning. Tall, with long legs and long dark hair, and busty enough to drive any guy to distraction. If you remember Lynda Carter as Wonder Woman, you've got a mental image of Marti. 

I always loved hanging out with the three of them. I'm not a bad looking guy, but I still always got looks when I did. You could see what the guys were thinking. They wondered how the hell a guy like me got to enjoy the company of those girls. 

One day we all went out for lunch. The local mall had a restaurant that we enjoyed. The food was good, and they had a patio that allowed us to sit and watch the people go by. 

We went out and sat down. It was a slow day there. Only one other couple was sitting near us. I didn't really look at them when we went in. They were behind me that day. I noticed they were an older couple though. 

We were sitting and chatting when the fun started. Marti got a devilish look on her face, and said,

"Oh, by the way. It's official. I'm pregnant."

I had no idea what was going on, and I know my expression must have been priceless. But you could have knocked me over with a feather when the soon to be wife said,

"You are? So who's the father?"

Marti looked at me and replied,

"You know who it is."

And she pointed at me. 

I was completely confused now. Then the wife said,

"Damnit, I told you two not to asleep together without me!"

I was wondering at that point what the hell was going on. Then Judy chimed in. 

"Wait a minute. You three are having fun without me? I want to get in on this!"

We left shortly after that, and as we walked up to pay, the girls started laughing. They told me what was going on then. Apparently the couple behind us was listening to our conversation. And they decided to teach them a lesson. From what they said, the lady looked like she was going to have a heart attack. Then she got pissed at her husband. Evidently he was enjoying what he heard a little too much. I laughed then, finally. As we left, I had an idea. We walked past the couple in the patio one last time. I had one arm around Judy, and one around Marti. Heather was on the other side of Judy with her arm around her waist. 

I could see the couple staring as we walked by. Just to mess with them some more, I slid one hand down to Judy and Marti's ass. They gave me a look, but didn't complain. And the look on the couple's face was priceless. 

Life went on after that, and our wedding got closer. An issue came up that seemed to bother Heather greatly. The guys were throwing me a bachelor party, and of course, there was going to be a stripper there. I was looking forward to that, but Heather had an issue with it. We argued, going around and around on it again and again. Finally one night, she said,

"How about this? Let me get the stripper for you."

That idea fascinated me, and finally I gave in. 

"Ok, if that makes you feel better, that's fine. I'll tell the guys not to get a stripper, you're going to take care of it."

That made her happy, and the argument ended there. Then the night came. My bachelor party. The guys and I went to a hotel for it. We had the usual fun, drinks and some good porn. I waited all evening for the stripper, but no one showed up. I was disappointed, but it seemed that's how it was going to be. 

The party broke up around two in the morning. We all wandered back to our respective homes to prepare for the next day. 

I followed my usual routine. I flipped on a couple of lights, and turned on the TV. I was sitting and considering some breakfast, when my doorbell rang. That was odd for the time of day. I went to the door, and looked through the peep hole. 

A woman stood outside. She was dressed in what appeared to be a black suit, and a fedora hid most of her face. Still, I wasn't really worried about my safety, so I opened the door. She handed me a card when the door opened. That was strange, but I went with it. Opening it, I saw it was from Heather. 

"Here's your stripper for the evening. I thought it might be more fun for you to have a private dance from her. 

Enjoy!"

So I invited her in. I could see some amazing cleavage exposed already. I knew I was going to enjoy this. We walked into the living room, and she turned to my stereo to put on some music. Then she faced me again, took off the hat and raised her head. 

Oh my God, it was Marti! Heather had obviously talked her into this. Now I knew the night was going to be interesting. I'd wanted to see her naked ever since I'd met her, and tonight I was going to get my chance. 

She smiled at me, and started swaying slowly to the beat of the music. As I watched, she unbuttoned the jacket and it slipped off her shoulders. I could see her entire outfit then. She had a black bikini top on, and it was so small, it barely covered her nipples. She wore the skimpy bottoms too. I could see them framed by what looked almost like leather chaps. Whatever they were, the outfit was made to come off, and I wanted to see that. 

Her top was the first thing to go, and when it hit the floor, I was in awe of the sight in front of me. Amazing massive firm breasts, topped with nice red nipples that were already nice and hard. Just watching her move to the music had me hard as a rock, and I had to adjust things. I tried to do it casually, but she saw what I did, and smiled at me. 

The chaps came off next, and she was dancing in just a tiny bikini bottom. That was fantastic enough for me, but she evidently had other plans. She danced her way over to me, and inches in front of my face, she pulled the strings at her hips. 

That tiny bottom fluttered to the floor, and I was treated to the sight of Marti fully naked in front of me. She danced there, driving me crazy. The music stopped then, and she leaned over me. I could feel her long dark hair on my face as she asked,

"How about a lap dance for the groom to be?"

I couldn't agree fast enough, and she straddled my lap. The music started again, nice and slow this time. She leaned in, and my face disappeared between those fantastic tits. Then she started grinding on me. It was the most amazing thing I'd ever experienced. 

Having had a few lap dances in my life, I wasn't sure what the protocol was. Usually, you couldn't touch. But this was private, in my own home. And once she made contact with my hard cock, she seemed to be enjoying herself as much as I was. So I decided to take a chance. The next time those tits came to my face, I sucked a nipple into my mouth. That got her attention, and her arms went around my head. She was obviously ok with the contact, so I upped my game. My hands cupped her ass, caressing it as I licked and nibbled those tits I'd dreamed about for so long. She gave up pretending to dance at that point. She was grinding on me, enjoying my lips and tongue teasing her. Finally the music ended, and she leaned back, looking at me. I took in that fantastic body on top of me and asked,

"So how far are you allowed to go with this? I assume you and Heather talked about it."

"As far as I want I guess. She didn't really specify. She just wanted to make sure you had fun before the wedding."

I looked at her and said,

"If you stopped right now, I'd have memories to last a lifetime. I've fantasized about seeing you naked ever since we first met. You drive me crazy each and every day. I never really understood lust until you showed up. But given the way you look, and the way you dress sometimes, well, let's say I learned fast."

She laughed at that, and asked,

So you like the way I dress? Have you got a favorite outfit?"

"I do. It was the first day you wore that dark blue silk blouse. It gapped open wonderfully from the side I was on. I'm amazed Heather didn't yell at me for staring. I could see those wonderful tits in a skimpy see through bra. You were driving me to distraction that day."

She blushed at that, and said thank you. Then she asked me,

"So how far do you want this to go?"

When I heard that, I simply reached down, and unzipped my jeans, freeing my cock. 

Her eyes were as big as mine had been the entire time when I did that. I could see she was staring at that point, so I said,

"Let's try that lap dance again. I want to feel that magnificent body against me again."

She started the music and, and straddled my body. This was much more fun for the both of us. Her arms were around my neck, and her body was tight against mine. I knew at that point my hands were free to roam, and they did. I explored her entire body, starting with her tits. I cupped them in both hands, lifting them to my mouth. I saw her look down as I tasted her nipples again and again. Then my hands grabbed her ass, squeezing it as she ground on me. I could feel her pussy sliding along my cock; she was hot and wet. Her lips went to my ear. 

"Tell me what you want."

"I want to see you suck my cock. I want you on your knees, and I'm going to watch my cock slide right down your throat."

She slid to her knees right then and there. Her mouth opened, and she sucked me right in. She was better than I'd dreamed she could be, and I'd had a fantasy about that for a long time. Her mouth was a velvet glove, hot and wet, sliding down my length. I'd dreamed of her swallowing my cock and cum for so long, now that it was happening the feeling was overwhelming. I would have been content to flood her mouth right then and there, but since I was pretty sure this was a one time thing, I wanted to experience it all. 

At that point, I very reluctantly pulled her off me and said,

"Climb back up here. I want you on top."

She knew where we were going at that point, and she did. Her legs were spread as she straddled me, and I had a perfect view of her ass she stroked my cock. She asked,

"Are you ready?"

I smiled and said,

"I've been ready since we first met. Go for it."

She raised her hips then, and I saw and felt my cock touching her pussy for the first time. She waited for a moment, and then started the slide down my cock. She was hot and soaking wet as my cock slid into her for the first time. 

I felt her hips meet mine, and then she started riding me. There aren't words to describe the feeling and the sight of this magnificent creature giving and getting pleasure. All I could do was watch her hips and body rocking on me. I was staring as I saw her cum on my cock. She slowed down then, savoring the sensation. Then she started moving again. 

I was getting close at that point, and there was one more thing I wanted. I stopped her, and told her,

"There's one other thing I want. Bend over the couch."

She did as I asked. I quickly moved in behind her, and filled her pussy again. All it took was a few deep strokes, and I was wet and slick with her juices. Then I slid it of her, and brought my cock to her ass. There was no way I wasn't going to fuck that heart shaped thing of beauty. 

She took a deep breath when I did that and said,

"Be gentle. I love getting my ass fucked, but I don't do it very often. And you're bigger than most of the guys that do it. Just be gentle."

I didn't want to hurt her, so I agreed. She pushed back against my cock then, and gasped as the head popped into her. Then we slowly worked together until I was buried in her hot ass. 

She started moving faster then, fucking back against me. Her ass was amazing, and watching it spam back against me turned out to be more than I could take. I held off as long as I could, but I ended up cumming deep inside her ass. 

That was it for the fun for the evening, but I didn't want her to go. After we recovered, I took her to bed so we both could get some sleep. I feel asleep there next to a goddess. 

Waking up the next day, she was gone. I had hours to kill before my wedding that afternoon, so I puttered around the house, getting ready for our big day. 

It was a wonderful wedding. The most interesting part was watching Marti walk down the aisle. She was the maid of honor. And I noticed she was walking a bit gingerly. Only I knew why of course. 

Then my wife came down there aisle. Just before the minister got started, she smiled and whispered,

"Marti told me you both had an enjoyable evening. Glad you liked my choice of your stripper."

Yeah, married life was going to be interesting.