 Please note that this includes some earlier short stories plus new material.

*

Chapter 1: Her Beginning

Patricia was fed up with her life. She had married 18 to the most handsome guy in her high school the day after graduation. But over the years she had grown and he had stayed the same guy she knew in high school. In addition, he had not wanted her to succeed at work and start making more money than he did. He discouraged her from trying too hard at work, telling her that she should focus her efforts on being his wife. Her husband had also been her only sex partner in her whole life. To make it worse, her sex life was limited to a once a week fuck. Basically he would flip her on her back and mount her. Once he came, he would just roll over and go to sleep. He had no consideration for her needs. Frankly, she didn't think he really understood lovemaking, part of his general immaturity. To top it off, there had been no children from the marriage, so she had nothing to tie her to this life. So here she was, 38 years old in a dead end job with minimal sexual experience and no children to warm her heart.

So she decided it was time to get a divorce. Out of her savings, she hired a paralegal to prepare the documents needed to file for the divorce. After filling them out, she presented them to him. She just said "I need to grow and become the woman I am meant to be. If I stay with you, I will never change. Never be the woman I truly am." He sputtered and fumed but he knew from her tone of voice that would not change her mind. She had always been stubborn and would never back down when her mind was made up. He moved out that same day after signing the documents in front of a notary public. She was Free at Last!!! 

But his last comment to her was that she was nothing without him. He had told her for years that she was nothing without him and she had almost come to believe it was true. She never applied for a higher level job at work and just stayed quietly at her desk for all the years she had worked there. She was known as a hard worker but was too quiet to be considered for a promotion.

Chapter 2: She Rediscovers Life

After that she drifted through life for a while. Just going to work and coming home each night where she curled up in front of the TV. After a few months of this she knew that if she continued this way, he would win. She would have to break out of this blue mood in order to finally beat him. That night she watched a movie set on the beach. It looked so peaceful. Like a place where she could do some real thinking and relaxing. A place to start anew. 

So she packed up her car and just started driving south. After a few hours, she was hopelessly lost but out her car window she could see the water. She pulled over to the side of the road and got out. Looking down she could see miles of pristine beach with lots of little coves. It looked perfect! A dream come true. This was definitely the place she wanted to spend the weekend. Now to find someplace to stay. 

She gets back in the car and starts to drive. Noticing a little road leading off toward the beach, she impulsively turns on to it. As she drives along, she notices what looks like a large old house on the beach side of the road. It is set among some trees and is rather hard to see. As she approaches it, she notices a small sign "Mildred's Bed and Breakfast." She can't believe her luck! She pulls in, hoping they have a vacancy. This seems rather unlikely since places like this are always booked up far in advance. 

She pulls into the small parking area and gets out. Entering the front door of the B&B, she immediately feels at home. The place has a southern style to it; in fact there is almost a whiff of tobacco leaves drying. But that must be her imagination. Almost immediately, an older woman appears with a large smile on her face. "Hello. How are you? I am Mildred. I bet you are looking for a place to stay. Well, you are in luck. I just had a cancellation for the weekend. I bet you and your man will be very happy here." All this just seems to flow from her mouth in that warm welcoming tone Patricia misses so much from her home in the south. The people in LA seem so preoccupied and driven. Patricia has never really felt at home there. 

"Yes, I would love to stay here. It is just me. My ex-husband is not here to spoil my visit." Patricia couldn't believe she just said such a thing to a complete stranger. But this woman seemed like an instant friend. 

"Well, good for you. Dear. This is a great place to make a fresh start or just get away for a while. Besides, magical things happen around here. Come on, let's get your bags and get you settled in. We don't serve dinner here, but Sam's up the road delivers a great dry smoked rib dinner with all the fixings. Oh, and don't forget to order yourself a picnic for tomorrow. I recommend the ham sandwiches. He cures his own and they don't have to be refrigerated. So you can take them when you go to the beach tomorrow. I'll put them in the frig here tonight. Oh and don't forget the iced tea. Oh, never mind. I'll call Sam for you. You can just put it on your bill here." 

With that, Patricia was set for evening. When the rib dinner was delivered, it was even better than Mildred had described. After dinner, Patricia settled down with a good book and spent the evening just relaxing to the sounds of the waves crashing on the beach. 

In the morning she woke refreshed to the smell of bacon frying downstairs. After a relaxing shower, she put on a light summer dress and went downstairs. Now, along with the bacon smell, she could smell fresh biscuits. "Good morning, dear! Come and sit. The other guests haven't come down yet but breakfast is almost ready. How about having some coffee with me?"

Before Patricia could even say a word, Mildred placed two cups of coffee on the table and sat down. They chatted away for a few minutes before four other guests appeared. They were two couples who seemed very much in love. Breakfast was a rather quiet affair despite Mildred's attempts to engage the other guests. They were just too much into each other to say much. 

After breakfast, Patricia went back upstairs and laid down. The heavy breakfast combined with the relaxing atmosphere made her sleepy. But after a short nap, she decided to explore the beach. She got into her bathing suit and put a light robe over it. She also picked up a book to read. 

Going down stairs, she found that the rest of the guests had already gone out. Mildred appeared as if by magic with a picnic basket containing her lunch. As if Patricia could even think of lunch now after that breakfast. Along with the basket, Mildred gave her a large towel and blanket. 

Taking her supplies, Patricia went out on the beach. Since both ways seemed equally beautiful, she took the way without any footprints. She really didn't want to run into anyone. She strolled along, admiring various seashells and watching the sea birds as they swooped along the beach. 

Before long she found a little cove that seemed as though it belonged in some advertisement. There were trees hanging over the sand that gave a nice deep shade, something she would like later when the sun got too much for her. But for now, she wanted the sun. So she spread out her blanket and took off her robe. Finding suntan lotion in the basket, bless Mildred, she rubbed it all over her front. She lay down and just soaked up the sun. It was a glorious day! God must be watching over her particularly well today. 

After a while she noticed a sound coming from further up the cove. Looking up, she noticed a man coming out of a path that she hadn't seen. He was a distinguished looking man, perhaps 40. A big man with a nice build, but with a hint of the spread that hits us all at 40. He had a little bag in his hand and a book in the other. Clearly he was here for the same purpose as she was. 

All of a sudden he saw her. At first he just stared, then he said "Pardon me, Ma'am. I didn't mean to bother you. I was just driving along and saw the beach from the road above. So I parked and decided to take a break. I will be moving along."

"No!" Patricia says a little louder than she meant. "Please, I don't mind. We can share the cove. I see you have a book too." 

"Oh yes, I was planning on a little reading in the good book while I enjoyed the world God has given us. Thank you for sharing. I am afraid if I went too far that I would never find my car again."

"My blanket is big enough for both of us, if you don't mind someone close." 

"My name is Charles. I'm in the area on business and had to stay over the weekend. Not having any work to do, I suddenly decided to take a drive."

Well, what a coincidence. I too decided just to take off for the weekend and see what I could find. My name is Patricia."

With the pleasantries aside, both seemed to lapse into silence driven by a certain shyness. So they both opened their books and began to read. It was a companionable silence. After a while, Patricia worried about getting burned and decided to lay on her stomach. 

Getting her suntan lotion, she tried to put in on her back without much success. Observing her difficulties, Charles offered to help. 

So Patricia handed him the lotion and lay down. Before long, she could feel his strong hands rubbing the lotion on to her back. She noticed a slight trembling as his hands neared her lower back. "Are you ok?" 

"I'm sorry. I haven't been so close to a woman since my wife died in a car accident 2 years ago. And well, you are a fine figure of a woman. Oh, I hope you don't mind my forwardness."

"Thank you. That is the nicest thing someone has said to me in a while." 

With that, Charles continued to rub the lotion on her back. Patricia, in a moment of daring, reaches around and unfastens her bikini top. Charles takes that as an invitation to run his hands over her whole back one more time. He rubs so firmly it almost feels like a massage. 

"Please, could you do my legs also?"

Charles doesn't say a word, just moves down and starts at her feet, moving up with long slow strokes. Neither of them says a word, not wanting to break the mood. Finally he is finished and reluctantly stops his ministrations of her luscious body. 

Taking the lotion, he quickly puts some on his exposed skin before settling down with his book again. But it is quickly clear that his mind is not on his reading. Neither is Patricia's. 

Realizing it is about lunch time, Patricia sits up to suggest they eat. But she forgot her bikini top was unfastened and he gets a good view of her magnificent breasts. He seems unable to turn away but is clearly embarrassed to be staring so openly. Patricia takes her time picking up her top and putting it back on. She cannot believe how turned on she is nor can she believe what she is doing. She is a good woman and has never done something like this before. 

To cover her emotions, she asks him if he would care to join her for lunch. "Oh, I brought my own but I would love to eat with her. Perhaps we can have our own private picnic?" 

"Yes, but can we move into the shade for a while?" 

With that, they took their lunches into the shade. All during lunch, they were like teenagers sneaking peaks at the others body. Once their eyes met and they shared a grin. Soon lunch as over and they decided to move back into the sun. 

This time, Patricia was the one to spread lotion over his body. She loved the feeling of it, his muscles were hard but not too hard. Clearly he was an active man but one who enjoyed his food. She rubbed the lotion all over his back and legs before handing him the lotion again. She lay back down and unfastened her top again, spreading it out so the sides of her breasts were visible to him. 

He started at her feet and worked his way up again. This time, he spent some time rubbing lotion between her legs and around the bottoms of her bathing suit. It was incredibly erotic. Next, he began to massage the lotion into her back. This time spreading it onto the parts of her breasts that were visible to him. He clearly knew his way around a woman's body. 

Finishing up, he lay down beside her where they proceeded to doze, comfortable in the others presence. After a while, it was time to turn over. This time, Patricia deliberately left her top behind. 

"Would you like me to rub the lotion over your front?" she asked coyly. 

Grinning, he just handed her the lotion, never taking his eyes off her swaying breasts. She began at his feet and worked her way up to his crotch. She could clearly see that he was excited. His cock was magnificent! It almost stuck out of the top of his suit. 

Next, she straddled him. Putting her hot pussy over his cock and proceeded to rub lotion on to his shoulders and chest. The whole time she was doing so, her pussy moved almost of its own volition up and down the length of his cock. 

Finishing up, she lay down and handed him the lotion. "Be sure not to miss any spots on me" Patricia said almost hoarsely, so excited was she by what had just happened. She could not believe how she was acting!

He began at her feet and slowly rubbed up the length of her legs. When he got to her pussy, his hands massaged the inside of her thighs right up beside her pussy. In fact, each time he rubbed her thighs, he was rubbing her pussy. Her eyes glazed over a little from the pleasure. But then he stopped. 

"Can't have these beauties getting burned." With that he started to massage her breasts. He didn't even have lotion on his hands, but Patricia didn't care. His touch felt so good! But then he did put lotion on and continued to rub it into her skin. When he reached the top of her bikini bottoms, he hooked his thumbs under the edge and started pulling them down. Patricia just lifted her hips to help him. Soon he slipped them over her feet. He took a moment to drink in the sight of her nude body. Then he put some lotion on his hands again and proceeded to massage it into the newly exposed skin. When he reached her pussy, his fingers slipped inside. First one and then two as he slowly moved them in and out. All this time their eyes were locked on to each other. Her hands reached out and she slowly moved his suit down his legs. He moved to help her and then his cock sprang free. It was rock hard and precum was leaking out. 

She spread her legs and he mounted her. He took his time entering her and then slowly moving in and out. It was incredible how full she felt. It was the biggest cock she had ever seen, much less had inside her. As she got used to his size, he started moving faster. He was such a considerate lover. Soon they were lost in an erotic haze as his cock thrust in and out with increasing speed. Suddenly they both came at the same time. The noise of their passion was so loud it seemed even the waves were stunned. 

Finally, he tumbled off of her to lay sated beside her. His hand reached over and took hers. They lay there in pleasurable exhaustion for a while. 

"I hope you don't think I am like this normally." He said. "I have never wanted a woman as much as I have you. I wanted you from the moment I stumbled on to the beach and saw this vision laying there before me. "

Smiling, Patricia just took his hand and kissed it. "I have wanted you too since I first saw you."

Then, without saying another word, they gathered up their things and moved into the shade. This time they took their time making love and once again came explosively. She lost track of how many times she came as they made love languorously all afternoon. 

Gradually they became aware that the sun was going down. He scrambled up and said "I have to find my car before it gets too dark. But I don't want to leave you. I feel as though I have found my soul mate. I also need to find a place to stay. Do you know anywhere close by? Would you have dinner with me?" His words just tumbled out as though he was afraid a dream would end unless he said the magic works quickly.

"I know just the place where you can stay and, yes, I will have dinner with you. I have a large room with a large bed made for two in a nearby bed and breakfast. I also know where we can get dinner, delivered." She says the last part a little coyly, looking up at his through her lashes. 

With that, they dressed and gathered their things. Walking hand in hand, they strolled back to Mildred's. When Mildred saw them coming up the beach, she just smiled and said "I told you magical things happen around here."

They moved in together and had the most wonderful sex almost every night. He was a skilled, compassionate lover. She discovered he was as talented with his tongue as he was with his cock. But even better, he loved to talk with her. They would often talk for hours. It was a magical time in her life and in his. It was a healing time for both of them. But eventually they came to realize that, while they would always remain close friends, they were not meant for each other. So he moved out. 

Chapter 3: Considering Her Direction in Life

She decided it was time to do some more thinking. But this time, she wanted to go home to the bayou where she grew up. Getting back to her roots would be good for her. It would let her reconnect with inner self. So she took a weeks vacation from her job and returned home to her parents place in the bayou.

A few days after she got home she decided to go riding. It was fine afternoon to go riding in the bayou and she was enjoying the sun as it caressed her honey brown skin. There was a light breeze and the birds were chirping happily in the woods. After a while, she decided to take a break. She found a little clearing in the woods beside a creek. She looped her horse's reins over a low branch where he could nibble the grass and looked around. It was obvious from her first glance that this was a magical place. It seemed alive with a quiet energy. 

Getting her lunch from the saddle bags, she settled into the soft grass. As she nibbled on her sandwich, she closed her eyes and just listened to the sounds of nature. She could hear the creek burbling along, the birds chirping their love songs to potential mates, and the sound of bees as they hunted flowers in the grass. 

She opened a small bottle of wine that she had bought from an old lady down at the little store near her house. It was dandelion wine, something she had never tried but thought would go well with this beautiful day. Pouring some into a glass, she sipped it, savoring the slightly sweet taste. 

After she had finished her sandwich and glass of wine, she lay back in the grass. At first, a leaf tickled her nose. But soon she was too drowsy to even notice. As she fell asleep, she thought what a wonderful place this would be to meet a lover. Not that she had one at the time, but still..... She started to imagine what it would be like to make love in the grass. He would kiss her long and deeply, his strong hands caressing her body. He would unbutton her blouse, revealing her beautiful honey brown breasts topped with dark nipples. His hands would eagerly reach out to hold them, caress them before he wrapped his lips around a nipple and he started to gently suck. These thoughts were getting her hot, so she unbuttoned her blouse. She felt a little risqué for taking her blouse off, but knew that no one was around. So she continued her imaginary love making, one hand playing with her nipples as she imagined he would do. Her other hand making light caressing circles around her tummy, occasionally straying a little lower to touch her love button. This went on for a while until she gradually fell asleep.

A little later, her slumber was disturbed by the sound of a horse walking around. Thinking her horse had gotten free, she jumped up only to find a man sitting a horse not 10 feet from her. In her sleepy confusion, she forgot that she had taken her blouse off. It wasn't until she noticed his quick look at her breasts that she remembered. Hastily, she grabbed her blouse and dragged it over her naked breasts. 
