 The ex and I had several friends. There was one though that always irritated me. 

Her name was Hailey. I'm sure you know the type; she's the one that's right about everything, even when she isn't. She used to drive me crazy with that attitude. I couldn't spend much time with her before I just couldn't take her attitude. 

For some reason, she thought she and my wife were best friends. In reality, Heather tolerated her, but not much more. And behind her back, she actually made fun of her. 

We were all at the annual 4th of July celebration. All of us got together to have a fun day of picnics and swimming. I never really minded because I got to see everyone in bikinis. And being one of the few men there was always a plus. 

That day though, there was an issue. I saw it right away, and naturally it involved Hailey. Everything was going wonderfully, then I noticed her scowling at me. I shrugged it off at first, but it kept happening again and again. Finally I got the wife off to one side and said,

"What the fucks going on with Hailey today? Every time I see her, she looks like she's pissed off at me."

Heather smiled and said,

"Trust me, she is. She just found out about you and Ann. She thinks you're a lying cheating bastard. At least that's what I've heard so far."

"So she hasn't talked to you about it yet?"

"No, and with luck she won't. I'm not going to let her get me alone."

That gave me an idea. I looked at Heather and said,

"I'll take care of it. Just play along with me, whatever happens."

She agreed, but I could see a little apprehension on her face. 

Not to much later, I saw Hailey alone. I took the opportunity right then, and walked over to her. 

"So what's your major malfunction today? Are you pissed off, or is it just gas?"

"You're my problem, and you know why."

"No I don't. Enlighten me, oh enlightened one."

"Fine. I know about you and Ann. I know what you did with her, one day after you married Heather. You're nothing but a lying cheating bastard!"

I laughed in her face right there and then. 

"You really don't think I told her do you?"

"I know you didn't. Men never do. They cheat because they can. And they never tell until they're caught."

"Really? Then you've got no grasp on reality, at least our reality. She knows because I told her. And I told her that very night."

She shook her head. 

"There's no way. I know you didn't."

"Because you're always right. I get it. Let's make this interesting. How about a small bet on it?"

"What do you mean?"

"Just what I said. Let's make a wager on this. Let's tell Heather. If she really doesn't know, you win and get to possibly break us up."

"And if you win? Which you won't."

"If I win, you're mine for one evening."

She knew what I meant when I said that, and immediately shook her head. 

"Oh hell no. I'd never make a bet like that. Even though I'd win."

"So in other words, you're one of those people without the guts to put their money where their mouth is. Or in your case, your ass."

That made her face flush, and she said,

"Fuck you, you asshole."

I looked at her and said,

"You're so typical. A know it all that knows nothing."

I turned to walk away. I got about three steps before I heard,

"Fine. It's a bet. And you're going to lose."

I turned around and smiled. 

"We'll see won't we. You wait right here, let's find out."

She looked a little nervous for just a moment then, but she knew she couldn't be wrong. So she agreed. 

I saw Heather watching us, and motioned her over. She walked over to where we were standing, and I said,

"Dear, Hailey's got an issue today. She must have found out about Ann and me."

Heather looked at her and said,

"You mean about the evening you look her home? And fucked her silly along the way?"

Hailey looked sick then. She knew she'd been wrong. But I wanted my pound of flesh. So I went on. 

"Actually, she was pissed because she's positive I didn't tell you about it."

Heather looked at her and said,

"He told me about it right away. That night if I remember correctly. I knew there was some tension between them. I'm just glad they got it out of the way before it became a real problem. 

Hailey has to sit down then. She'd lost, and lost big. I gave Heather a kiss, and said,

"Thanks dear. That settled a bet for us."

She smiled and walked away. Then I turned my attention to Hailey. I wasn't even gentle or subtle. 

"So, now your ass is mine. At least for one night."

She looked up and said,

"You know you're never going to collect on that bet don't you?"

I figured this was coming. So I sat down next to her and said,

"I thought you might say that. So let's do this instead. Let's get your husband's over here, and let's see just how much he knows about your affairs."

She got really quiet when I said that. So I went on. 

"You see, Heather and I tell each other everything. And that includes what you've told her about your affairs. Every last one of them. I've heard about them all. I've heard how you sneak out once or twice a week to find someone to play with. I even heard about you fucking those twin brothers the night before you married your husband. Knowing you, I'm positive he doesn't know. So let's see what happens when he finds out."

She looked at me and said,

"No. Don't do that. When do you want to... do it?"

"Friday night. That'll give me some time to come up with something that will be nice and memorable for you."

She avoided my wife and I for the rest of the night. Heather asked me what was up later, and I told her everything. 

"Oh my God. I would have loved to have seen the look on her face when you went off on her. What are you going to do with her?"

"Well, naturally I'm going to fuck her. But I need more than that. I want revenge now."

I thought about possible scenarios for a day or so. Then I had an idea. I got ahold of a good friend that owed me a favor. We got in his car, and drove to the spot I planned to take Hailey to. Getting out, I explained my plan, and he agreed to help out. 

I called Hailey Thursday night, and gave her instructions on what to wear and where to meet me. She reluctantly agreed, and the plan was in motion. 

The next evening, I pulled into the empty parking lot at the school. I could see her car was there already. This was going to be fun. At least for me. 

I parked clear across the lot from her. Then I got out and walked to her car. She was sitting inside, looking straight ahead. I knew she wasn't going to make this pleasant for me, but I didn't care. I was going to teach her a lesson that evening. 

She was dressed exactly as I had specified. She'd managed to find a women's trench coat, and under that all she should be wearing was her skimpiest sexy underwear. 

"I'm glad you showed up. Here's how the evening starts. I'm going back to my car. When I'm there, you're going to get out and take off your coat. Then you're going to walk to my car in just your underwear. Got it?"

"What if someone see me?"

"That's a possibility. But this place is deserted. So it's probably not going to happen. Let's get things started, shall we?"

I walked back to my car then, and sat down. As I watched, she got out, and took off her coat. 

I was pleasantly surprised by the sight. She had a rather boyish figure, but I'll admit she looked good in what she was wearing. She had a black sheer bra covering her medium breasts, bikini panties and a garter belt holding up some nice black stockings. I hadn't expected something that slinky from her, so it was a pleasant surprise. 

She threw the coat across her arm, and walked over to my car. She got in, and I complemented her. 

"That's a great outfit. I didn't expect that. But you look great in it."

Her face softened for a minute, then she remembered why she was there. 

"Thanks I suppose. Let's get this over with."

We drove in silence to the place I had in mind. We parked there, and she looked around. 

"Is this where..."

"I fucked Ann? Yes it is. And just for your information, she was the one that picked this spot." 

I shut off the lights, and said,

"Let's get comfortable, shall we?"

I reached in the back and told the windows down, so the rest of them wouldn't get too foggy. Then I took her coat and set it in back. I leaned over her then, and reclined her seat just a bit. 

She wasn't the type of girl I'd normally be interested in, but dressed like she was seemed to do the trick. Just looking at her exposed the way she was had already gotten me hard. She saw me looking, and asked,

"So what have you got in mind tonight?"

I'm a believer in being blunt and to the point. So I said,

"I'm going to fuck you any and every way I want. I've heard the stories you told Heather, so you're not going to be trying anything new. Although I'm bigger than your husband. What did you tell her? He's hung like a hamster?"

That embarrassed her, but she nodded. And said,

"And Heather's told me your bigger. So at least that's going to be interesting."

"I'm glad you've got something to look forward to anyway. Let's see more of you. Sit up."

She did, and I unlatched her bra. She watched as I removed it, and tossed it in the back seat. She's wasn't the busty type I usually liked, but what she had worked for her. The nice thing was her nipples betrayed her. It wasn't cold, but they were nice and hard already. 

My have slid upward, cupping those tits one by one. I played with those nipples, pinching them gently. That made her suck in her breath. Then I noticed she was breathing harder. Despite herself, she was getting turned on. That was going to make things easier. 

While I played with her, I reached into the back seat. I found her coat, and managed to slip it out the window. Then her bra followed suit. I returned to concentrating on her then. 

My hand slid down her belly then. Like I said, she had a boyish figure that she always kept well hidden. Her stomach was flat and smooth though, and I rubbed it gently. As my hand rubbed lower and lower, I saw her legs spread slightly. Taking the invitation, my hand slipped down, covering her pussy. 

She was hot already. I could feel it through the skimpy panties she had on. I stroked her through the silky material. Her body responded when I did, rocking back and forth slightly. Leaning over, I whispered in her ear,

"Take everything else off. I want to watch you do it. And I can't wait to see your naked body."

She didn't hesitate. She took everything off; stockings, garter belt and panties. She handed them to me then, and leaned back in her seat to give me the full view. I was surprised by the sight. She was totally shaved, everywhere. I hadn't expected that. She looked more like the Bohemian/never shave type. But it was a pleasant surprise. 

I leaned over, and slid my hand up the inside of her smooth thigh. Hey legs spread father as my hand got higher, until I could feel her wet pussy under my hand. I slid one finger into her, and she moaned. She rode that finger until I added a second, then a third. Of course, as I did that, I snuck the rest of her clothes out the back window. Once I'd finished that, I reached into the back and activated my portable cassette recorder. I wanted a record of the night. 

"So how does that feel?"

"It feels fantastic. Keep going, you'll make me cum."

"I can do that. But what about me?"

"You're in charge. What would you like me to do?"

"I'd love to have you reach over and unzip my pants. You'll find a surprise there, just for you." 

She giggled at that, but she did as I asked. She unzipped my pants and reached inside. When her hand wrapped around my cock, she said,

"Wow! Heather wasn't kidding was she."

"No she wasn't. I take it that's bigger than you usually get?"

She laughed. 

*My husband's about 4 inches hard. He's a wonderful guy, but I just can't get off on something that size."

"So is that why you fuck around on him like you do?"

"That's exactly why. Well, there's that and something else."

"Let me guess. The something else is when you get in the mood for a woman, right?"

That opened her eyes. 

"Damn, Heather really does tell you everything, doesn't she?"

"She does. She told me about every one of your adventures, male and female. She even told me about you offering to have a threesome with us."

"She turned me down you know."

"After she asked me, yes."

She stopped stroking my cock then and said,

"You turned me down? You turned down the chance at two women?"

"I did. Until this evening, I would have said you're not my type at all. But watching you strip, and seeing you here naked, well..."

She grabbed my cock again and said,

"I've changed your mind?"

"Let's just say you've got me rethinking things."

She quit talking then and concentrated on stroking my cock while my fingers plunged into her. I saw her shake slightly, and knew she'd cum. I saw an opportunity for some fun right then. 

Pulling my fingers out of her soaking pussy, I put them to her lips and said,

"Show me how much you like pussy. Suck those fingers clean."

She took them in her mouth and went to town. I could feel her tongue licking her juices off my sticky fingers. For being such a conservative looking person, she was wild at heart. 

My fingers slipped from her mouth, all nice and clean. She obviously loved her own taste. That didn't surprise me too much, my wife did the same. 

It was time for more fun for me, so I laid her seat all the way back. Then I knelt on the floor in front of her, spreading her legs. 

"Are you ready for a nice big cock?"

"Fuck yes! Just take it slow please. Let me get used to it." 

As the head slipped into her pussy, she moaned. And I said,

"Believe me, your going to be quite familiar with it after this evening. I'm going to fuck your pussy, mouth and ass in that order. And your going to get cum everywhere."

I started fucking her then. Slowly but going deeper each time. She laid there and took it. I could see her try and relax so she should take more and more of me. Finally, I felt my balls hit her ass. I stopped then and said,

"You've got it all. 8" of hard cock in buried in you. Now tell me what you want."

*I want you to fuck me hard and fast right here. I want to feel you bury that cock drop inside me again and again until I feel you shoot me fill of cum."

"Your wish is my command."

I slammed deep into her. Any thought of being gentle was long gone now. She wanted a hard fuck, I could do that. 

Our hips slammed together, and I heard her then.

"Oh my God, yes! Just like that!"

Her hips were rocking back against mine, taking me deep each time. She was an incredible fuck, and I was almost sorry then for putting her in this position. 

I fucked her harder and faster, and she got more vocal. 

"Right there! Oh fuck yes! Give me that cock!"

I did, and when her legs locked around my back, I knew she was close. 

"I'm gonna fill that hot pussy. Are you ready?"

"Oh my fucking God yes! Do it. Fill me with your cum!"

A few hard thrusts later, I did. I shot three days worth of cum as deep inside of her as I could get. The feeling of my cum inside her set her off, and her body shook as she came to. 

We stopped, and I gave her a few minutes to recover. After she did, she turned to look at me and said,

"Jesus Christ, that felt like a flood when you came inside me."

"I haven't cum for three days. I was just waiting for this."

"Well that was an interesting beginning. What's next? I think you said my mouth?"

"Then your ass. Exactly. Now get over here and suck this cock."

She smiled at my choice of words, and did just as I asked. I'd heard rumors she was good, but she surprised me with her talent. Her mouth was smooth and warm, sucking it's way down my cock. I love head after a fuck, and the fact she was tasting both of us was just more of a turn on. 

She couldn't take me all the way down, but that was fine. Watching her suck my cock was enough, and it wasn't long before she got load number two in her mouth. I watched her swallow it all before laying back in my seat to rest for a moment. 

She spoke first. 

"So how was that?"

"You're a good little cocksucker. Damn, I didn't expect that. You really surprised me."

"Actually I got good at that when I was younger. My best friends brothers really liked me, and thankfully they settled for blowjob's. So I got a lot of practice before college. And before I got married."

"Yes you did. I'm not complaining one bit. Now there's only one thing left before you get to go home."

"My ass. I've been looking forward to that all evening."

And she laid down on her seat again, this time on her belly. I knelt behind her, and saw she really had a great ass. Reaching down between the seats, I got out the lube and lubed myself up. 

When the head of my cock slipped into her ass, she moaned. I stayed still for a moment, letting her get accustomed to me. When I felt her hips starting to rock back toward me, I knew it was time. I slid more and more of my length into her, until my cock was buried in her hot ass. 

She started fucking for real then, slamming back against my hips hard and fast. She turned out to be one of two women I've ever met that loved being ass fucked. She started all over again right then.

"That's it. Fuck my ass! Hard and fast, just like that!"

I did as she asked, and her screams and moans were incredible. Finally I came deep in her ass. I filled her for the final time, and we both laid back to relax. 

That's when the rest of the plan kicked in. As we lay there, I gently tapped the brakes three times. That was the signal my friend was waiting for. 

He'd been sitting just of the road in a field not to far behind where we parked. He saw my signal, and started his car. I heard it start, and then he crept up behind us with his lights out. When he got right behind us, he revved his engine and hit his brights. 

The lights lit up the inside of the car, and Hailey screamed. I jumped into action, starting my car and racing away slipping and sliding down the dirt road. When my friends lights disappeared, I slowed down. 

"We lost him. We're good now. You'd better get dressed."

She reached into the back seat, then looked back at me. 

"Where are my clothes?"

"They're in the back seat."

"No they're not. Look."

I pulled the car over and looked. Nothing there. Now naturally I knew that, but I played it well. 

"Shit. I had the windows down, so they must have blown out."

I turned the car around, and we crept along, looking for her clothes. She didn't see them. Of course that was because of my friend. He picked up her clothes, and threw them in his car. Then he left. 

We searched for a while until she finally gave up. I agreed to take her home, since her keys were in her coat. So she rode home naked with me.

We got to her house, and the lights were out. That didn't surprise her. It was two in the morning. Her husband was asleep. All sure had to do was sneak inside. 

I let her out and started to slowly back down the drive. I saw her slowly approach the house. Just before she got to the door though, the light came on. And her husband opened the door. 

That's when I hit the gas and took off. I could just imagine the scene. Her husband standing there looking at her. And her completely naked, with cum running down her thighs. 

I got home and the wife was waiting for me. I told her exactly what happened, and the revenge I planned for her. And how it played out. 

Heather looked shocked for a minute, and then started giggling. 

"Well I guess it could have been worse. I hope she learns something from this."

"Actually it's going to get worse tomorrow."

She looked at be and said,
