 It was the day after our wedding. After fucking ourselves crazy the night before, it was back to work and life. The ex went back to college, and I worked. 

I went to pick her up that night, but found she'd already gotten a ride from one of our friends. Her friend Ann was there though, so I sat down to talk with her for a while. 

She'd always fascinated me. She was short with long blonde hair. It was the way she dressed that got my attention the most though. She always wore tight jeans and loose shirts. This evening she was wearing my favorite; a silk shirt with no bra. That much was obvious from the nipples poking out the front. 

She asked me if I could run her to a local store before I went home. I agreed, and we took off. 

I loved having her in the passenger seat, especially in the shirt she had on. Being silk, the buttons had this habit of coming undone. And as we got back to college, I noticed she'd had two of them pop while we were driving. 

She got out of the car, and leaned back in to say something to me. I have no idea what it was, when she leaned over, I had a perfect view down her shirt. Perky tits and hard nipples were in plain view for me. I didn't answer, and she said my name. I managed to tease my eyes away then, and looked at her. 

She asked,

"Are you all right?"

"I'm fine. Just ask me again. But don't move from where you are right now."

That puzzled her. 

"Don't move?"

Then it hit her. She looked down, and saw what I was seeing. Two wonderful tits completely exposed to my view. She laughed and said,

"Enjoying the view are we?"

"Very much so. The view is great, and I'm imagining unbuttoning the rest of the buttons just to play with them."

She arched an eyebrow at that. I thought I'd went too far when she said,

"Really? That's all you'd want to do?"

"Oh no. But to get things started, it would be amazing."

She looked at me as I stared down her shirt. Then she surprised me by leaning in and kissing me. It wasn't the kiss that surprised me, I always kissed my female friends goodbye. It was the fact that she kissed me slowly, and I felt her mouth open. I did the same, and our tongues dueled together. 

She broke the kiss off, and said,

"You know, you could drive me home tonight if you like."

"I'd love to, but only if you know some place nice and dark and deserted where we can park along the way."

She smiled and nodded. 

"I do. Let's go."

Luckily she lived basically out in the countryside. The area she was in hadn't really been developed that much yet, so it was fairly private. That also have me the chance to look at her as I drove. 

Every little bump made those tits jiggle wonderfully. She caught me looking once, and flipped open her shirt quickly, flashing me. I told her,

"You know, you could really titillate me and ride naked."

She shook her head. 

"No, I don't think so. It's not that I'd mind being naked. You'd have more problems with that than you already have."

And she looked straight at my cock. It was obviously hard already, and she could see that I decided to be completely unsubtle at that point. 

"Yeah, you're probably right. I should rearrange a bit. That is if you don't mind."

I reached down then, and started to slowly rearrange the bulge in my jeans. She watched as I did, and finally she said,

"Let me do that for you."

She reached over and made a show of trying to rearrange me. Her hand felt great as she rubbed the front of my jeans. Finally she said,

"This might be easier. Let's try this."

With that, she unzipped jeans and reached inside. She freed my cock, and that soft hand started stroking me slowly as I drove. Her eyes were locked on my cock the entire time. 

Luckily we were getting close to her place. I really didn't want to cum in her hand, and I was doing everything I could not to do just that. Finally she said,

"Turn left on this dirt road. No one ever comes down here this time of the evening."

I did, and about a quarter mile later, I pulled off under a tree. She smiled at me then and said,

"Now what do you have in mind?"

I thought fast, and reached into the back of the car. I kept a blanket there for emergencies, and tonight it was going to come in handy. Grabbing it, I got out of the car and opened her door for her. I reached down and took her hand, helping her out. 

"It's nice and warm and dark. Let's go over here."

We walked over to a clear spot under the tree. I laid the blanket out, then turned my attention to her. 

I wanted to kiss her again, and did right then and there. I don't know what it was about her kiss, but it was amazing. She put her heart and soul into it, and it showed. We stood there enjoying the moment, our lips locked together. 

My hands started wandering then, cupping that heart shaped ass, and then slipping upward. I pulled her shirt free of her jeans and reached for the buttons. That silk felt great under my fingers, and the skin I was exposing looked fantastic. I undid them slowly, one by one until her shirt was completely open. Looking at her I said,

"Take that shirt off. I want to watch you do it."

She slipped it off, and dropped it to the ground. Damn she looked good. I could finally see those wonderful tits with their pale nipples standing out nice and hard. I moved toward her, but she shook her head. 

"Uh uh. Now it's your turn."

I shrugged off my shirt in a second, and it joined hers on the ground. She looked what she saw. I could see that in her eyes. Then she smiled and said,

"Are you ready for more?"

"Oh hell yes. Take off those jeans."

She slowly unbuttoned the button, teasing me as she did. Then she slowly slid the zipper down. When it hit the bottom, her hands started slowly working them off her hips. I watched as they slid all the way down and hit the ground. She kicked them off to one side, and then looked at me. 

I didn't need any encouragement. I followed suit, stripping off my jeans and adding them to the pile of clothes on the ground. 

She looked down, and her eyes widened as she saw my cock for the first time. Then she took a few steps forward, and was in my arms. 

She felt fantastic there, and my hands roamed all over her naked body. I went back to that amazing ass, squeezing it gently. She was more direct and to the point. As I caressed her, she went straight for my hard cock. I looked down and saw her doing the same, watching her hands as she stroked me.

We both had the idea at the same time. We laid down on the blanket to explore each other more. I looked at her laying there in the dim light, and I knew what I wanted. Leaning over, I softly kissed her belly again and again. Her legs spread then, so I did the natural thing. I started kissing lower and lower until I tasted her hot wet pussy. 

As I licked and sucked her, my cock was directly in her face. I didn't know how she'd react to that, but as it turns out I didn't have to worry. I felt her hands on me, then her hot little mouth replaced them. She couldn't take my entire length, but the excitement of playing with her made up for that. 

We lay there in a hot 69 under the dark Indiana skies. Soon I felt her thighs shaking, and my cock popped out of her mouth. Her head titled back and she came under my tongue and fingers. 

We laid back then recovering from the fun so far. Then she looked up at me, and leaned over to swallow as much of my cock as she could. She was one of the first girls that let me watch her do exactly that, and it was fascinating to watch. That blonde head bobbing up and down, those lips wrapped around my cock. It wasn't long until I said,

"I'm gonna cum."

She just nodded and kept going. A few strokes later, I exploded in her sucking mouth. I flooded it with my cum, and watched her swallow every drop. 

When she finished, she looked up and be and said,

"Well? Was it everything you thought it would be?"

"It all that and more. But you don't think we're done yet, do you?"

She looked down and saw I was still rock hard. She smiled at that and asked,

"What now?"

I pulled her on top of me and said,

"I want to watch every inch of your body move while you ride me."

That made her happy, and she reached down with that soft little hand and guided my cock right into her. I slid into the warmest wettest pussy I'd had in quite some time. Once she was accustomed to my size, she put her hands on my chest and started riding me. She rode slowly at first, her hips rocking against mine. Then she started riding faster, and I could see those tits shaking as she plunged down my length again and again. I watched her ride to two wonderfully strong orgasms that way, until finally she collapsed on my chest for a short rest. 

I rolled her over at that point, my cock still buried deep inside her. Then my hips flexed forward, and I was buried in her hot pussy again. She was flat on her back as we fucked, taking every inch of me deep inside her. 

I was getting closer, but I had one more fantasy to fulfill. I pulled out, and moved her to her hands and knees. There was that heart shaped ass right in front of me. My eyes locked on it as I slid into her hot pussy one more time. I bottomed out in her, and watched that ass bounce against my hips as she fucked me. I couldn't resist playing with that ass then. So I wet my finger, and as we fucked, I slipped it into her ass. 

That drove her crazy, and she slammed back against me harder and harder. Finally I felt her shaking again, and that put me the edge. 

I buried my cock in her, filling her with my second load of the night. Her own cum just about knocked her out, and she collapsed with me still buried inside her. 

We laid there for a while, and finally I had to ask. 

"So was this a one time thing? Or do you want to do it again? I'm good with either."

She thought about it for a minute, then said,

"Let's call it friends with benefits, ok?"

"I'd love that. I can't tell you what it is, but there's something about you that makes me crazy. I really want to play more."

She snuggled against me and said,

"I know what you mean. And thank you. I've got an idea though."

"What's that?"

" Next time, don't just use a finger. I want to feel what it's like to have your cock in my ass."

The image of my buried in that sweet ass almost got be going again. But it was time to call it an evening. Getting dressed, I took her home. 

She kissed me passionately at her front door, leaving me looking forward to the next time we got together.