 Finally, she stands before me. She's outside my door, looking at me shyly. "Can I come in?" she asks.

I stand aside to let her in. She walks by me as I check out her outfit. I asked her to wear it, but it turns me on that she actually wore it. I wonder if she wore what I told her not to.

Starting from the bottom, she's wearing a pair of black Mary Janes with two-inch heels with white anklet socks. They make her bare legs very shapely all the way up to her very short plaid pleated skirt. The skirt barely covers her scrumptious butt as I see her thighs flair towards it. She wears a thin white blouse, tied just above her navel. The blouse isn't quite thin enough to see what her charms are, but they move seductively as we walks by. Her reddish-brown hair is pulled back into a pair of pigtails.

She's my ex. My sexy-as-hell ex has come over to show me she still wants to be my slut. I'm looking forward to seeing her body again and feeling it up against me. First, she has to make the move.

The center of the room has been cleared. I sit on the couch and look at her expectantly. "Are you serious?" she asks.

"Completely. I want to see you dance and do your best to seduce me. Do you want to be fucked or not?"

She pouts prettily, but nods. I put on some music and she starts to sway. Her body moves, her hands down her sides, pulling her blouse just a little tighter, showing me the shape of her breasts. As she rubs her hands back up her body, she raises the sides of her skirt, showing she's not wearing panties. (Just as I asked.)

She dances for quite awhile, hinting at her assets without actually revealing anything. She's good at this, although she doesn't know it. My cock is aching, screaming for her.

She stops in front of me, smiling. She gives me a sly grin before spinning 180 degrees. Her skirts lifts just a little, giving a hint of what is to come.

She bends over slowly, right in front of me. The hem of her skirt rises slowly up her thighs, eventually revealing her ass and, ultimately, her pussy in all its glory. My cock almost blows from the sight.

She reaches back and flips her skirt over her hips, fully revealing her charms. She grins at me lewdly and says, "Would you like a taste?" Who am I to say no?

I lean forward and bury my face in her snatch. Oh, the taste and smell. I lick her clit up to her asshole, dipping my tongue in her slit as I go. I can hear her breathing increase as I lick all the places I know she likes. Her ass begins to sway back and forth as the passion starts to overtake her.

Unbeknownst to her, I pull down by pants and underwear, revealing my hard cock. I work her into a frenzy before I stop. She moans in frustration as I sit back on the couch with my rod sticking straight up. "Sit," I say.

She reaches between her legs to grasp my manhood to position it as she lowers her dripping pussy onto me. My legs are together, so she is unable to lower herself completely. I reach forward and grab her breasts, pulling her back towards me. Her ass drops completely, impaling her on me. I pinch her nipples hard as she moans loudly from the penetration.

She leans back against me, impaled on me. Her legs are spread and her feet are off the floor, so she can't move her body very much. She tries to grind her pussy on me, but in this position there's nothing to contact her clit.

I continue to play with her breasts with one hand as I reach into her hair with another. I pull her hair fairly hard, yanking her head back and to one side.

"Horny, my little slut? Do you want to cum?"

"Yesss," she moans.

"Touch yourself. Play with your clit with me inside of you."

I spread my legs a little more, forcing her legs wider. She reaches down and I feel her fingers begin to touch her sensitive parts. Her movements become more limited as she is opened wider, but her hips gyrate mightily.

"That's it. I know you've said you have to be comfortable to cum, but you're not getting up until you do. You're going to have an orgasm right here, on this couch, with my cock inside of you."

I kiss her neck as she moans and gyrates, enjoying being a slut. She was always one that said she didn't really like it, but once it was brought out, she was perfect at it.

While keeping a hold on her hair, I reach over to the remote control for the TV. "I remember when you used to me my slut all the time. That little cunt of yours was available for me to fill whenever I wanted. Remember that?"

"Mmmm hmmm," she lets out.

I press a button on the remote and the TV comes on. Pictures of her in various stages of undress scroll past. Some with her tied down, bent over, or with my cock in her mouth.

"Look at what a slut you were. Nothing has changed, has it?"

She opens her eyes and I feel her stiffen. She hates seeing these pictures because she thinks they look awful. I haven't been able to stop looking at them since she left because they look so good. Her fingers have stopped their play.

I pull her hair harder and I pinch her left nipple. "Don't you dare stop. Keep fingering that pussy."

She whimpers, but does what I say. I see that her eyes are closed tightly to block out the images. They continue to slide by on the screen.

"Open your eyes. Look at that pussy, those tits, that ass. Do it!"

She hesitantly opens her eyes. She alternates between whimpering and moaning as picture after picture of her nakedness shows.

I stop pinching her nipples so hard and go back to gently playing with her breasts. I still hold her head back, but alternate between kissing her neck and whispering in her ear.

"Look at how hot you look into those pictures. Such a beautiful slut. You used to love showing me that pussy of yours for me to photograph. It would get you so hot and wet, didn't it?"

I can see the struggle in her face, but she finally utters a throaty, "Yes."

"You knew what your body did to me, didn't you? You loved turning me on, didn't you? Say it!"

Her fingers on her clit have been slowly increasing in tempo. Her breathing is becoming quicker and shallower. I'm getting to her. "Yes, I loved turning you on."

"You knew what effect you had on me, didn't you?"

"Yes."

"You knew how hot you were and how to use your body to turn me on, didn't you?"

"Yes."

"Why did you do it?"

Her hips are moving constantly now and her fingers are almost a blur. "Because I wanted you to fuck me."

"It's more than that, isn't it? You wanted to flaunt your body, to show me something. What was it you were trying to show me? Say it!"

"Ohhhh," she moans.

I force her legs wider, stretching her open fully. She can barely move her hips at all now. I start to play with her breasts a little rougher.

"You know what I want to hear. You're trying to tell me something in these pictures. What was it?"

"No, I can't say it," she whimpers. Her fingers on her clit haven't slowed down a beat though.

"Yes you can. Just admit it."

In barely a whisper, "I'm a slut. I wanted you to treat me like a slut."

I pull her head back a little further. "What was that? I couldn't hear you."

A little louder, "I'm a slut."

"I still can't hear you."

"I'm a slut! I wanted you to treat me like a slut and fuck me! I wanted you to use me!"

Her fingers are moving even quicker now. I'm rocking my hips myself, rubbing the head of my penis against her G-spot. I can tell she's getting close to orgasm, but I'm not done with her yet.

"And you're still a slut, aren't you? You're just a dirty slut who wants her cunt filled with cock, aren't you?"

"Yes! I'm a dirty little slut! Oh god, I want to cum!"

I reach for the remote and hit another button. The picture changes to show her sitting on my lap, panting as her orgasm approaches, rubbing her pussy madly. I feel her body jolt against me, but she doesn't stop. She finally sees the camera sitting next to the television, recording the whole thing. All she can do is moan.

"Yes, we're making a new movie for me to enjoy later. Maybe I'll tie you down and make you watch it."

She doesn't say anything. Her body and her mind are too caught up in the feelings radiating from her groin. I release her hair and grab both of her hands, keeping her from being able to bring herself off. She fights me, trying to get her hands lose. I bring them up to her breasts, which she begins to play with once she realizes I'm not letting go.

"Please. Let me go."

"Why?"

"I want to cum."

"Look at the camera and tell me why."

She looks up towards the camera, giving one of her sultry looks, and says loudly, "I want to cum! I need it so bad!"

"Why do you need to cum so badly? Look at the camera and tell me your name and what you are."

For a moment, I don't think she'll do it, but her hormones are far past the point of no return. She looks directly into the camera and says, "My name is Stephanie and I'm a slut! I need to cum because I'm a slut!"

I release her hands and she instantly starts rubbing her clit again. "Very good. Tell me what you're feeling. Tell me what you want."

"I want to cum! My pussy needs it so bad!"

"Your pussy needs it? That dirty little cunt of yours, or do you need it?"

"Oh god," she moans. She's almost there. "My cunt needs it! I need it! I need it so bad!"

I'm unable to hold back any longer. I scream at her, "Are you ready slut? I'm going to fill your cunt with cum. You're a fucking slut about to get filled like you want. Don't you?" 

"Yes, fill me with your cum! Fuck your slut!" My orgasm erupts and I buck underneath her.

"Cum for me now!" I scream. "Cum like the bitch you are!"

And she does. "Oh god. Oh yes. I'm a fucking slut! Fuck me!" 

Her orgasm is so strong that her whole body goes into convulsions. She writhes on my lap, unable to control herself. Her pussy clamps down on my cock hard as wave after wave of bliss overcomes her. Her eyes have rolled into the back of her head and she can barely utter a few words betweens breaths.

"Oh god, so good... Fucking slut... Can't stop... Dirty cunt... Fucking bitch..."

After a full minute, her body comes to a stop. She lies back against me, completely spent. I let her rest for a couple of minutes.

"How does it feel to admit what you are?"

"I'm not," she says weakly.

"Not what?" I ask.

"A slut. I'm not a slut." I can hear that she's trying to convince herself of what she's saying.

"Yes, you are. You'll be much happier if you just admit it to yourself. You like turning guys on until they can't keep their hands off of you. You want to be fucked and filled and used as a sex toy, don't you?"

All she can do is moan. I see a tear fall from one eye.

"Let yourself go. Admit it to yourself. Admit it to me. Right here in front of the camera."

She whispers very softly, "I'm a slut."

"You'll have to be louder than that."

She lifts her head and opens her eyes. For a second, I think she's going to look at the camera, but instead she looks me in the eyes and I see a new sparkle in them.

In a normal voice, she says, "I am a slut. I really am. I like to turn you on and make you horny. I like dressing up to turn you wild. I like being used for sex."

I kiss her deeply and passionately, showing how proud I am of her. I knew she had internal barriers in her mind about this, so I know how hard it was for her to admit it. I hold her close and just enjoy having her in my arms.

We sit like that for awhile, my manhood still inside of her. We eventually break the kiss and start noticing everything around us. The camera is still recording everything and her body is on total display.

I bring my legs together and she gets up. She immediately places her hand over her pussy to keep from dripping. She starts to move towards the bathroom until I grab her free arm.

"No cleaning up. You're going out the way you are. Whatever comes out, either let it drip down your leg or eat it."

She moves over to where the camera can see both of us. She brings the hand from her pussy up and shows me the load of cum that had spilled out. She makes sure that both me and the camera get a good look. She gives me a sultry look and then she brings it up to her mouth, licking her hand clean.

She pushes me back against the couch and gets down on her knees in front of me, pressing my legs apart. Without provocation, she takes my flaccid penis in her mouth and cleans it with her tongue. I can only moan at the feeling as she's never done this before.

She finishes cleaning but she doesn't stop. She sucks and licks my manhood until I start feeling stirrings of rejuvenation. Eventually, I start to get hard again in her mouth as her ministrations take effect.

She continues for a few more minutes as my breathing starts to quicken. Her mouth feels wonderful, better than I remember. Maybe releasing her inhibitions had more of an effect that I expected.

All of a sudden she stops and stands up, smoothing down her skirt. I look at her and say, "What the fuck?"

"If I'm going to go out smelling like sex, you're going to go out thinking about it. That's what sluts do, and I'm going to drive you wild before we get back."

All I can do is look at her incredulously.

"You taught me what I am. I'm a slut, and right now, I'm your slut. Deal with it." She walks off, leaving me with a raging hardon. What have I done?