 She arrived in the city that afternoon, able to check into her hotel as soon as she got there. Staying at such a nice place was going to be a hit to her wallet, but she wanted this - needed this to happen the way she had always dreamed it would. 

She knew he worked at a restaurant close by, and it had been months since they had spoken. But he would want to see her, after 8 years of on and off communication over the phone, they were star crossed lovers who had never had the opportunity to be together. She was going to change that this week. 

After checking in, she went to her room and took a long luxurious bath, shaving every inch of her legs and pussy - knowing he would touch every inch of her. 

She spent an hour fixing her thick, long brown hair into soft curls and pulling it back to one side. She put on just enough makeup to enhance her eyes and smooth her skin, but not so much to be considered "painted." A touch of dark pink lip gloss. 

She agonized over what clothes to pack, and settled on a form fitting royal blue sheath dress. Business casual so she would fit in with the rest of the dinner crowd, but sexy. She hated to have to wear the shape wear underneath, but even that was sexy on its own and she wanted her silhouette to please him when he saw her walking. She also settled on a plain, nude heel. 

The hard part would be walking into the restaurant and sitting down at the bar she was hoping, praying, that he would be tending. 

---

He was. She saw him as soon as she walked in the door, he was helping an older couple at the opposite end of where she sat down. She was watching him, waiting to see his face when he finally looked up and saw her. He didn't disappoint. Every thought he had showed across his face - shock, anger, confusion, but then it settled into a grin. 

He walked over casually, saying, "hey, I'm Joel. I'll be taking care of you tonight, what can I get for you?" 

She said, "hi Joel, I'm...thirsty. Looking for something to take the edge off. What do you recommend?" 

He gave her a few options and when she settled on one, he said, "I'll need to see your ID." 

She cocked an eyebrow, and flirtatiously responded, "you don't think I'm older than 21?" 

He leaned in close, and said, "I need to make sure of your name, Alice." 

Her face flushed - but she reached into her handbag and handed over her license. He looked at it, satisfied that she was who he thought and returned it. She watched him fix some sort of mixed drink that she would have never ordered on her own - but it was tasty and she sipped at it while she watched him work. 

He was fucking with her, not acknowledging her beyond calling her by name before reading it on her license. He knew who she was, why wasn't he interacting with her more? 

--

He was trying not to panic. He had to have her, as soon as humanly possible, but he was at work and had to stay focused. Damn she made it difficult, sitting at the end of his bar, putting his job in jeopardy. 

He'd be lying if he didn't look for her every day, knowing this was one of her biggest fantasies. She had talked about it often, and now here she was, looking so pretty it hurt his chest. He'd have to tell her that later, but for now...

--

A few minutes later he came over and asked if she would like to order anything for supper. 

She said, "no, the edge is gone. I think I'm ready for my check." 

She was furious. What a fucking waste...until, he glanced around, checking to see if anyone was around. 

He said, "go to the ladies restroom and leave the door unlocked. I'll be there in 1 minute." 

She was standing there, her heart racing, leaning her bottom against the sink counter. Waiting for him. The door handle turned and she felt sick - and then, there he was, close enough to touch. She didn't trust herself to move. 

He came to her, pushed both hands through her hair, gripping the side of her face...he leaned in, forehead to forehead, looking into each other's eyes and breathing so hard. He kissed her lips - barely touching her mouth with his. 

He buried his face in her neck, while his hands reached down to the hem of her dress, pulling it up around her waist. He roughly grabbed one thigh, spreading her legs, then he worked furiously to release himself from his trousers. 

She reached down and took him in her soft hand, gently rubbing the tip...she knew she didn't want this to be the first time he was inside of her. She wanted a bed for that, so she rubbed his hard cock along the slit of her dripping wet pussy. 

--

She was so wet. He was covered in her juices without even being inside of her - he wanted to see it on her tongue, so he slid his hands through her hair again, then roughly pushed her to her knees, they'd talked about this so many times before, she knew exactly what to do. 

He watched as she slid the flat of her tongue along his throbbing cock, watching her tongue glisten with her spit and her pussy juice. She wrapped her lips around him at the base and slid up, cleaning al the juice off of him. 

She looked up at him as she opened her mouth into an O and he could see it spread across the opening. She licked her lips, enjoying the taste of herself. He gripped her hair tight again, and said to her, "finish me, quickly."

She went at it, using her hands and spit, working his cock like she had always dreamed about. She slid her tongue along the slit in the tip, loving him with her mouth. 

It didn't take long, he didn't saying anything to her, refocused and stared at her face, looking in her eyes as he started cumming in her mouth. He adored how eager she was to swallow every drop, and she did - she cleaned his cock with her mouth before he released her hair and she stood up. 

She was a little shaky as she wiped her mouth. She didn't know what to say, and neither did he. He watched her in the mirror as he washed his hands, then he walked out.

She leaned against the sink, her mind reeling at what just happened. She washed her hands and waited a few moments before also walking out. She went back to her place at the bar, and he came over to her. 

He handed her the check for her drink. "Where are you staying?" he asked. She shrugged. Before he could respond, he was called away by a coworker. She put a $20 bill and her room key in the card slot, got up and walked out. He saw her as she was opening the door, he didn't know what to think. 

He retrieved the folder and saw a ritz Carlton room key, and the numbers "810" written in sharpie at the bottom. She would be expecting him...

...to be continued.