 The ex and I had gone through a long dry spell. And that's even though she's my ex! Actually, our relationship worked better when we were fuck buddies, and not married. We had a tendency to let loose together, and not judge at that point. 

She got to hear all my fantasies, and I got to hear hers. That's where things got back on track, so to speak. 

One night after fucking each other senseless, we were laying in bed and talking. 

"There's one thing I've always wanted to see. But I really don't see you doing it."

"And what would that be dear?"

She turned to look at me. Those fantastic tits were aimed right at me. I could tell whatever she was thinking about had her hot. Those nipples were harder than usual. So as she spoke, I started playing with them again. 

"I've always wanted to see you with another guy. Uuuhhhh, that feels good."

"Another guy huh? Doing what? What's running through that nasty mind?"

"I've always fantasized about you sucking some guys cock."

That surprised me. I'd never pictured her thinking about that. Although now that she'd mentioned it, I could see it. She had a couple of friends (male friends) that wanted to be photographed together. So she volunteered me to shoot them. She has a secluded back yard, and I shot them there. Now that I thought about it, I remember her being really turned on when they got naked. And when things got hot and heavy, she watched every second of the action. 

I was caressing those 38DDs as I whispered in her ear. 

"So you can picture me giving a guy a blowjob. Or in your words, sucking his cock?"

"Uh huh."

"I've got one question."

She was into her fantasy, and her body was moving to my hands. 

"What's that?"

I looked her dead in the eye and said,

"When he cums. Do I swallow it all?"

"Oh my God yes! Every time!"

I'd never thought of doing that for her. But the idea was turning me on now. But for the moment, it was her and I. So we continued through the night, pleasuring each other and taking about fantasies. 

Flash forward a few months now. Like I said, we were going through a dry spell. That happened from time to time, but I still didn't like it much. That made me wonder; how do I get her in the mood?

It didn't take long for me to come up with an idea. All I had to do was find someone willing. That didn't take much either with all of the apps out there today. 

Finally one day, I headed over to say hello. We sat and talked for a while, and she came right out and told me,

"I'm sorry I haven't been in the mood lately. I have no idea why I'm not. Today's no different by the way."

In other words, we weren't going to fuck. I looked disappointed and said,

"That's too bad. I had an interesting encounter the other day. And I got it all on video."

She perked up at that, and said,

"Oooooo, what was it? Show me."

I shook my head. 

"No, I'll save it for sometime when you're the mood again. The video would be wonderful foreplay."

That intrigued her. I could see it on her face. 

"Maybe it would help. You know, to get me in the mood?"

That was the plan all along. I pretended to think about it for a minute, then said,

"Tell you what. I'll show you a few seconds of it, and if it helps, let me know. Otherwise I'll save it for another time."

She agreed to that, and I sat down next to her. I pulled out my phone, and went to my gallery. 

Her eyes went wide as the video started. There was my hand stroking a hard cock that wasn't mine. Then my face came into frame, and she heard me say,

"You know, my ex has always wanted to see me do this."

Then I shut the video off. 

She turned and looked at me. 

"Your did it? You actually did it?"

You'll have to wait until you're in the mood to see the rest dear. Sorry."

She actually pouted when I said that. 

"That's not fair. I want to see it."

I leaned over and whispered in her ear. 

"When you're ready to get naked and do wild and nasty things to each other, I'll run it for you. Not until then. I hate to waste it."

I got up to leave, and about halfway to the door I heard,

"Wait a minute."

I looked back, and she was standing too. Looking at me, she unbuttoned her shirt, and let it drop to the floor. Her jeans followed, and she stood there in front of me totally naked. 

"How about right now?"

That's exactly what I wanted. 

"Ok. Let's do this. You're gonna love this."

We went to her bedroom, and I stripped down and joined her on the bed. Reaching for my phone again, I pulled up the video and started it again. 

Her eyes were wide as she heard me say again,

"You know, my ex has always wanted to see me do this."

Then I leaned forward, and took his cock in my mouth. She moaned when she saw that, and started stroking my cock. I could tell she was fascinated by the video. You could clearly see his cock disappear in my mouth, sliding out again all wet and shiny. She was staring at the screen, her fantasy being fulfilled right in front of her eyes. 

Meanwhile I was playing with her tits, concentrating on her nipples. They were harder than usual, thanks to the video stimulation. 

Finally on the screen she heard his voice. 

"Oh man. I'm gonna cum."

He popped out of my mouth for a minute when I said,

"Go right ahead. Fill my mouth."

And he did. You could hear his moans, and I stopped, catching all his cum in my mouth. The video was so good, you could see his cock pulse as he shot into my mouth. 

The ex was moaning as she watched that. Finally I pulled up off his cock, and opened my mouth for the camera. You could easily see it was full of hot creamy cum. Then with a small smile, I swallowed it all. 

The ex was really hot by this point. My fingers sliding into her pussy in one easy stroke confirmed that. 

"Oh fuck. That was amazing!"

"Why thank you dear. It was different. But I can't say I didn't like it. It was more fun than I thought."

She looked at me then and said,

"How old was he? He seemed awfully young."

"He's 19 dear, and a freshman in college. So he is young."

"He's in college? Here in town?"

"Yup. And the best part is, I've got him in my phone. So anytime I want, I can text him for more fun."

That gave her an idea. 

"Do you think he'd like to join us? I'd love to watch in real life."

That's exactly what I had planned. Although she didn't know it, I'd asked him about that right after swallowing his cum. He agreed to it right away. He liked older women as much as he did guys. But I had to play it cool. 

"I don't know dear. I mean, I could ask, but you never know do you?"

"Go ahead and ask him."

So I made a show of texting him. Actually what I sent was;

"It worked. She loved it and wants you to join us. Up for it?"

He didn't even hesitate in his answer. 

"Hell yes! What's the address?"

I gave it to him, and told him,

"I'll have a surprise for you when you knock."

I turned to the ex and told her,

"Ok, it's on. He should be here in ten minutes or so. Do me a favor. When he comes, answer the door naked. That'll open his eyes."

She smiled and agreed to the plan. We went and sat in the living room, waiting for the knock at the door. 

It was actually just under ten minutes when we heard it. She looked at me and I said

"There he is. Knock his eyes out dear. Show him what you've got."

I knew those DDs would catch his eye, and sure enough they did. I saw him take in her naked body, then his eyes fixed on her tits. His eyes were wide as she opened the door, inviting him in. He turned to look at the room, and saw me sitting on the couch, my cock hard and ready for whatever she had planned. 

I motioned him over, and had him sit. Then I looked at the ex. 

"I think he's a little overdressed dear. Why don't you help him out with that?"

She moved in right away, peeling off his shirt. Then she bent over him, her hands working on his belt. He was watching every second of the fun, and I knew he loved it when she slid his pants and underwear down his legs and off. Her tits were dragging down his legs, and knowing how that felt, I knew he'd enjoy it. 

She sat down next to him then. I knew there was no way she could resist his cock, and I was right she started stroking him while talking to him. 

"So...I saw your video."

"Did you like it? Because I really enjoyed making it."

"Does my ex give good head?"

He nodded as he replied,

"I'm more of the your ex is a good cocksucker type. But to answer your question, yes he does."

She smiled at that. 

"You should try me then."

And saying that, she knelt between his legs. That was a sight; that strange young cock staring her in the face. She didn't wait long, it only took her moments to swallow him. 

"Holy shit!"

He was watching her suck his length down. I knew what he was feeling. Those tits on his thigh, and that hot wet mouth swallowing him. I wanted a closer look, so I got down next to her to watch. 

She had a very satisfied look on her face as she swallowed his length. Now it was her making his cock nice and shiny and wet. I could tell she was enjoying every second of it. 

She looked at me then, and slowly slid up and off his cock. 

"How about showing me in real life?"

And she pointed his cock towards me. 

I just smiled at her, and opened my mouth. She guided his hard shaft in then, and sat back to watch. 

I bobbed up and down on his cock, feeling his length slip into my throat. I heard him moan when my lips hit his balls, and I looked up then. 

The ex was still watching, but he had one of her magnificent nipples in his mouth. I watched him lick and suck it while his other hand filled itself with her other breast. She was enjoying the feelings and the sight in front of her, so I went for another mouthful from him. 

I sucked harder and faster, until we heard the magic words again. 

"I'm gonna cum!"

I did the same as before, catching his cum in my mouth. The ex watched it all, and after he was done, I motioned her down to where I was. 

When she got there, I kissed her, forcing her mouth open with my tongue. Then his creamy cum slid into her mouth. Her eyes went wide when she realized what was happening, then she started exploring my mouth in earnest. We shared his hot load, both of us swallowing all we could. 

I could see him getting hard again as he watched the sight in front of him. I turned to the ex then and said,

"Your turn. Have some fun with him."

She looked at his hard cock, and smiled. 

"I will. Believe me, I will."

She had him join her on the floor, and it wasn't long before I heard her say,

"I want you to fuck me. I want to feel that hard cock inside me."

That's exactly what he had in mind, and as I watched, he rolled over on top of her. I saw hips move, then I knew he was in. She moaned, and her legs wrapped around his hips. 

I could see his cock slide into her, and come back out nice and wet and shiny with her juices. I was kneeling next to her, and wanted a better view, so I moved around to her head. 

That was fantastic. I could see him fill her pussy with every stroke. Then almost slide out only to bury himself deep inside her again. He was enjoying it, and so was she. She turned her head and smiled at me, then opened her mouth, welcoming me to use it. 

I wasn't quite in the right position for what I wanted, so I scooted over directly behind her head, and tipped her head back. If you've never tried this, you should. It gives you a straight shot down someone's throat. Her mouth was still open, so I slid right in, and down far as I could. 

It was the perfect position for what I wanted. I could see her getting her pussy pounded, and he could see me getting my cock swallowed. I noticed he was watching that with particular interest. Then I realized; I'd never had him suck my cock. 

The sight of her swallowing my length must have been too much for him, because finally he laid forward covering her body. Then I felt it; his tongue was making by small circles on my belly, just above my cock. 

The ex caught it too, and let my cock escape from her lips. She looked at him then and said,

"Go ahead. Be my guest."

He knew what she meant right away, and slid down, taking my cock in one easy stroke. I felt his lips against my balls right away. Damn, he was good! 

The ex knew that too, and she had a close up view of his talents. I had to actually hold back. I didn't want to cum yet, and with a mouth like that, it wasn't easy not to. But I managed, finally pulling out of his sucking mouth. 

The ex had another idea then. I saw her whisper in his ear, and him nod. She smiled at that, and he climbed off of her. 

She turned to me then and said,

"Tonight I'm fulfilling my biggest fantasy."

"And what would that be dear?"

She leaned up and whispered,

"Tonight I'm going to be the bottom of a sandwich."

It took me a moment, then I got it. 

"You mean him fucking you, and me..."

"Fucking his ass. Yup, that's it. Are you ready for that?"

In for a penny, well, you know the rest. 

"Let's do it."

I got into position behind him, and watched him fill up that hot pussy again. She looked great fucking him. I could have watched that all night, but she wanted more. I picked a bottle of lube out of my pocket, and greased up my cock. On one downward thrust, he stopped and stayed in that position. Now was the time. 

I positioned the head of my cock at his ass, and let him drive. As he slowly pulled out of my ex, I could feel the resistance. Then it disappeared as my cock slid into his ass. 

He moaned as I invaded him, and pressed back against me until I bottomed out inside him. 

I'd never felt anything like that before, and the feeling was amazing. I heard him tell the ex,

"He's in. He's fucking my ass."

That set her off. Just knowing what was going on was enough to get her going, and I heard,

"Then fuck me. Fuck me while he fucks you!"

He did, and we all fell into a mutually pleasurable rhythm. He drove into her, and as he pulled out, his ass swallowed my cock. 

I head the ex getting noisy, and knew she was about to cum. Finally she did, her hands on his hips, holding him deep inside her. He came too, filling her with cum. Then it was my turn. A few more strokes, and I shot into his clenching ass. 

The ex crawled out from under him first. She wanted to see my cock deep inside him, and she did. Then I slid out of him, and she could see cum dripping out of him. 

After relaxing for a few, the ex looked at me and said,

"We've got to do this again. Next time I want to watch you two together."

That was fine with me. I couldn't wait until the next time we all got together.