 While rummaging some of my old stuff the other day, I came across an old tape. Since I'm probably one of the only people left in the world with a working VCR, I plugged it in to see it was. 

The tape opened with my ex wife Heather walking into the room wearing nothing but a see through black negligee. I stopped tape then; I knew what this was. This was one of the rare videos she made with me. 

Wanting to preserve it, I hooked the VCR up to the equipment in my office. Then I transferred the tape to DVD. Now I was ready to enjoy it. 

I took the DVD to my bedroom, and fired up the big TV there. Then I laid back to enjoy. 

The video started with Heather walking into the room, her body barely hidden by the black negligee. She looked directly at the camera and smiled. 

"Well hello Mr. Director. What do you have in mind tonight?"

"I've got a few ideas. Let's start with you laying on the couch."

She nodded, and took her place on the couch. My camera wandered over her body, easily visible through the thin fabric of her nightgown. You could see those amazing 38DD tits, and her shaved pussy. She looked up at me and asked,

"So how do I look?"

"Not bad. You're a little overdressed for my personal tastes, but you still look good."

She smiled at that. She knew my "personal tastes" well. I was more of a skin on skin guy. So she decided to tease me a bit at that point. 

"I'm overdressed? Well, is this any better?"

She reached down to the hem of her nightie, and slowly started pulling it up. I watched it through the camera lens, slowly exposing more and more of her body. When it slipped over her tits, I said,

"That's perfect. Now you look simply amazing."

She smiled at that. As she lay there almost totally naked in front of me, she asked,

"So what would you like me to do?"

Reaching down next to me, I grabbed her two favorite toys. Mr. Director knew exactly how he wanted this to start. 

"Let's start with something easy. I always fantasize about you here alone in the afternoon. You're home alone, and horny. Show me how you take care of that."

She looked at me with a knowing look and said,

"Your wish is my command. But I need a little stimulation for that. Have you got the newest Penthouse Letters?"

I did, and it was already in my eager hand. I showed her, and she smiled. 

"Read me your favorite. Read me the one that you wish I would do."

That was an easy one. As we hadn't adventured much at that point, I had a lot of fantasies that Penthouse laid out for me. Turning to my favorite, I started reading. 

It was a story about a guy arranging a surprise gangbang for his wife. I listened to myself read, and watched her reactions. She listened for a minute, and then I saw her eyes close. She was getting into the fantasy. I watched her reach down and pick up her favorite toy. She turned it on, and briefly touched it to her nipples. I could easily see how hard they were already. Then she slid the vibrator lower, across her stomach to her hot pussy. I saw her tease her clit for a moment or two, then the toy slipped right in. 

I watched her fuck herself as my voice went on in the background. When I got to the part about the guys wife taking two cocks at once, she was obviously inspired. She took the first toy, and slid it into her ass. Then she replaced the first one with her second toy. 

She lay there in front of me, legs spread, with two fake cocks plunging into her. I stopped reading then, watching the sight in front of me. Then I heard myself ask;

"Tell me. Would you like to play with a bunch of cocks at the same time."

"Oh God yes."

"Would you let them do whatever they want to you?"

"Yes. Anything."

"Imagine this. You've got several of my friends here, and they're all just waiting to try out that hot little pussy of yours. They've enjoyed your mouth already. In fact some of them had to stop you, just because they wanted to fuck that hot little body." 

Her hands were moving faster, driving both toys deep into her body. I could see her legs shaking as she fantasized about my friends fucking her hard and fast. I wanted to see her cum, so I went on. 

"Just imagine it. Two strange cock filling you up. They're fucking you together, and you know they're going to fill you with cum. So you want that? Would you let my friends cum in you?"

She gasped as the went through her mind. 

"Oh fuck yes!

"Would you let them fill you up again and again?"

"Yesssss. Oh my God, yes. As many times as they want!"

"Then imagine it. They're pumping you full of hot sticky cum. They're shooting those loads deep inside you. Now, cum for me. Show me how you'd cum for them."

She did just that, driving both toys deep inside herself. Her ass came up of the couch, and her entire body shook as she came all over her toys. It was an amazing sight to see, and even though I was off camera, I knew I was rock hard just from seeing that. 

She thrashed get way through an incredible orgasm, and then lay back on the couch. I watched her turn her toys off, and slowly slide them out. I let her relax for a few minutes, then she sat up and looked at me. She only had one thing to say. 

"My God, that was fucking amazing! I never cum like that when I'm home alone. But then again, I never fantasized about your friends fucking me either."

We talked for a few minutes after that, then she picked up the camera. She turned it on me then. I was sitting there naked, hard as a rock. I heard her voice say then,

"It's my turn now. Play with that cock for me?"

I did just that, looking straight at her and the camera. I watched myself stroking my rock hard 8" cock while she taped. I was stroking slowly, and she zoomed in so she could see my hands slowly traveling up and down my length. Finally she asked,

"Would you like me to read something to you?"

"No, not really. I've already got a wonderful fantasy going through my head."

"You've got to tell me what it is. This I want to hear."

"Sure. We're sitting on the couch just like this. I'm naked, and watching your amazing body. You slip off what you're wearing and join me on the couch "

I saw her sit there camera down, and strip off her nightie. Then she did just that. She was facing me, and I went on. 

"As I watch, you decide to get me hotter. So you make sure I'm watching, then you start playing with those wonderful tits. I love to see a woman do that, and you know it."

She's doing just what I describe on the video. I'd forgotten about this, and that just made it hotter to see now, all these years later. I could see her on the video, squeezing those tits, and teasing the nipples. Then I heard myself go on. 

"Then you surprise me by doing something that almost makes me cum right then and there. You bring those hard nipples to your mouth, and one by one, you suck them right in."

She had a very nasty smile on her face in the video as she did just that. I could see her tongue flick out, teasing those hard buds. Then she sucked them into her mouth. I could see her using her teeth on them, nibbling and biting them. Evidently I almost did cum at that point, much to her amusement. 

"Wow, you really do like that. That's a surprise."

"Not from my end. Like all guys, I fantasize about my wife and another woman together. I can just see doing that and imagining it's another woman you're pleasuring."

She obviously thought about it then, still licking and sucking her own nipples. I could see that look of lust she always got when she was really turned on. Then she said,

"Let's save that for another time. Tonight's just you and me. So what happens in your fantasy now?"

"That's an easy one. In my fantasy, you'd crawl over here and suck my cock."

I watched as she did that on video. She crawled over to me on the couch. She was in profile to the camera, so I had a perfect view of what happened next. She made sure her hair wasn't hiding anything, then her hot little mouth sucked my cock right in. 

I can't say I'd ever really watched her give head before, and the sight was amazing. I could see her tongue working, and her mouth as she slid as far down as she could. She was good, I'll give her that. She worked over my cock for a few minutes, then laid back and said, 

"It's time for the main event. Fuck me!"

I did just that, plunging into her balls deep in one fast stroke. It was harder than usual, and she obviously liked it. I watched our hips bucking together as she took my length again and again. She was playing with her nipples the entire time, pinching them and squeezing her breasts. I obviously had an idea then. Stopping her, I said,

"I've got an idea. Come over here."

She was puzzled a bit by that, but she complied. I bent her over the arm of the couch then, and she realized what I had in mind. That put her ass at the perfect level for me, and I could see her entire body in profile as I slid back into that hot wet pussy. 

I watched her as we fucked, hard and fast. Her tits were swinging, and the nipples were just barely grazing the fabric of the couch. That sensation alone was doing wonders for her. I watched us fuck on the video, remembering what was coming next. She came on my cock, and then it was time for me. 

I moved her to her hands and knees, and told her,

"Open that wonderful mouth."

She did, and I stood in front of her stroking my cock. She was watching every movement of my hand, knowing what was coming. And soon enough I did. 

I could see it on the video. I shot cum right into willing mouth. I missed with a few shots, but most of my load made it into her mouth. When I'd finished, I looked at her and said,

"Now, look at the camera."

She did, and you could see the cum on her face. She smiled at the camera, and without any direction, she used her fingers to scoop up the cum on her face. Then she made a show of sucking it off her fingers swallowing. 

The video ended there. And right then I had an idea. I called the now ex wife. When she answered, I asked her,

"Can you come over? Like right now?"

Since we made time for each other, she said sure without even asking what I wanted. I waited the 20 minutes it took her to get to my place. Then I heard a knock. 

I opened the door and had her come in. She asked,

"So what's up? Is there something wrong?"

"No, nothing's wrong. But I found something I thought you might like to see. Come with me."

I took into the bedroom, which surprised her. I looked at her then and said,

"It's the biggest TV."

That answered her unspoken question. Picking up the remote for the DVD player, I told her,

"Get comfortable, and see if you remember this one."

She looked puzzled, and I started the video. A look of shock came across her face, then she started laughing. 

"Oh my God. I completely forgotten about this. Where did you find it?"

I laughed too. 

"I was looking though some old boxes, and found all the old videos from way back when. This one wasn't labeled, so I put it in to see what it was. Of course then I had to burn it to DVD, just to save a copy."

She watched as the action unfolded. I could see the memories hit her as the action unfolded on the screen. And I could see something else too. When she thought I wasn't looking, she was teasing her nipples. Obviously she was getting a bit turned on by it. 

The video ended, and she turned to look at me. 

"Damn, we were pretty good in that one. I'd completely forgotten about even making that."

"To tell the truth, I had too. I never knew I even had it. Would you like a copy? I made one for you too. Just for your records of course."

She laughed at that. 

"Yeah, I'll take it. Just in case it happens to show up on the internet."

That made me smile. 

"It's not going on the internet. That was a private evening between you and I. And I'm not sharing."

"Good. I can imagine what would happen if it got out there and someone I knew saw it."

"That's not going to happen dear. Besides, I thought the ending was a little weak."

That obviously confused her and she asked,

"Weak? You came in my mouth and on my face. Then I licked it off my fingers. What's weak about that.?"

"It was too predictable. Granted that's where we were at that point in our lives, but still, it just wasn't the best ending I can think of. If I did that same tape today, the ending would be much different."

She was sitting on the edge of the bed when she asked,

"Now you've got to tell me. How would it be different?"

I pretended to think for a minute, then said,

"I guess if I had the chance, the ending would show a bit of my dominant side. I told you how I was fighting that all those years, and how it was you telling me I had to be what I really was that brought it out of me."

She nodded. She knew all of that. 

"So how would have done it differently?"

"I guess at that point, I would have taken you in the bedroom door the final shot. I would have had you sitting against the iron headboard."

I have an amazing antique iron headboard, that's perfect for all kinds of fun and games. To my surprise, she sat back against it and said,

"You mean like this?"

"Yeah, well sort of. I'd have done a couple of things first to get you exactly the way I wanted you."

"Like what?"

"Obviously I'd have you sitting there topless. I'd want those fantastic tits in the shot."

She never hesitated. She reached down and stripped off the top she was wearing, and then her bra. Those 38DDs were in front of me again. The combination of them and the tape had me hard as a rock all over again. 

"Now what?"

"Now the real fun would begin."

Wakintg over to my dresser, I pulled out some of my favorite toys. Some silk scarves and a blindfold. 

"And then I'd do this."

Coming back to the bed, I blindfolded her. Then I took her hands and raised them, tying them to the headboard with the silk scarves. 

She looked amazing there. Those fantastic tits exposed, blindfolded and vulnerable. I could see her nipples were hard too. 

"So what would you do to me now?"

"Let me show you."

I got up on the bed, standing in front of her. I freed my hard cock then, and made sure my phone was in my hand. Then I started recording. 

My cock was inches from her mouth when my other reached down, and wrapped itself in her short hair. She gasped then, exactly what I wanted her to do. I slid the head of my cock into her mouth. 

She sat for a moment, then started sucking. She'd improved over the years, she was about to take my entire length now. I enjoyed the sensation for a few minutes, and then told her,

"That's fantastic as always. But what I'd do now is show you exactly how I always wanted to fuck your face. Are you ready for that?"

She just nodded, my cock still in her mouth. And we began. 

My hips flexed forward, driving my cock into her mouth. She sat there submissively, talking every inch I gave her. As I filmed, we picked up speed. My cock ravaged her mouth. I was literally fucking her mouth like I would her pussy, and she was taking it all. 

I felt myself getting close, and warned her,

"I'm going to fill your mouth. Don't swallow it, just catch it there."

Then I came, shooting all of my hot sticky cum into her willing mouth. She obeyed perfectly, catching it all. As I finished, I pulled out and said,

"Now slut. Open that mouth and show me what in there."

She did, displaying a mouthful of cum to the camera. 

"Now, swallow it."

Her mouth closed, she gulped once and opened her mouth to show me it was all gone. 

"Very good. Now let's get you untied."

I did, and we both last back relaxing on my bed. Finally she turned to me and said,

"You're right, that would have made a better ending. We could have had some fun exploring your dominant side."

I smiled at that. 

"We still can you know."