 A knock at the door. The ex who I can't get out of my fantasies has come. 

She didn't just walk in because I locked the door. I purposely wanted to meet her at the door. I go to answer it.

The door opens and she stands there. She's 5'6", but the heels she's wearing makes her taller; she knows I love her in heels. She's wearing a short skirt, showing her fantastic legs. Above, she wears a tight tank top, her breasts standing proudly. Oh how I want to see and feel those. Her reddish-brown hair covers one cheek as she smiles at me askance. "Hi," she says.

I smile at her too, looking her up and down. "Hi. Come on in." I open the door wider and step aside, letting her in. She crosses the threshold and I close the door, grabbing her and pushing her against the wall all in one movement. I grab her hands, raise them to shoulder height as I kiss her, pressing her body hard against the wall with mine.

Our lips lock and I invade her mouth with my tongue forcefully. I slowly move my hands up her arms to her shoulders; she leaves her hands still. My hands move down the sides of her body, softly cupping her breasts on the way down her torso. Down over her hips, my hands stop at her thighs.

I break the kiss, both of us breathless. I look her in the eyes, and smile. "Let's see if you need to be punished." My right hand circles to her inner thigh, rising until nearing her sex. Using just my finger, I trace down the center of her vagina, stopping at the top near her clit; she's not wearing any underwear. 

"Very good. You know what I like," I say, smiling. My finger rubs her clit in a circle as I watch her eyes glaze over, her mouth falling open with a slight sigh. She's putty in my hands. I stop in under a minute, wanting to get her wet, but not take her too far. Her eyes focus on mine with a look of lust.

I move my finger back to her opening, just dipping in to check her wetness. I bring the finger up to my nose, sampling her smell. I inhale deeply, relishing her smell intensely. 

"You like?" she quips.

"Most definitely," is my reply. "Have a taste."

I move my finger to her mouth, which she opens slightly. She lets my finger enter her mouth. She licks and sucks my finger, taking most of it into her mouth. She lets my finger leave her mouth slowly, almost reluctantly, give one last lick over the fingertip.

"Let's move to the other room."

I follow her into the room, stopping her as she faces the bed. My arms circle her as they move up and down her body. Her head falls back as she enjoys the sensations. My hands cup her breasts as I start to whisper into her ear.

"Here's what's in store for you tonight," I begin. She already knows, since she's read this story, but it turns her on hearing me say it. Her body begins to undulate as her body reaches a boil. "..but all of that comes after I bend you over right here and fuck you."

She moans lightly, pressing her ass against my erection. I start to undo my pants. She bends over the bed, flipping her skirt to uncover her ass and pussy. God, I miss those legs and that ass.

My erection pops free as her hands snake under her body. From underneath, her fingers spread her pussy lips wide. She looks back at me over her shoulder and says, "Put it right there."

I put the head of my penis right at the center of her wet hole, feeling the heat from her. Her pussy is the perfect height with the heels on. "How do you want it?" I ask.

"Ohh," she moans. "Give me all of it." 

Who am I to argue? I want to enjoy it though. I press in slowly, enjoying every inch that goes in. Her eyes are closed, her mouth in the shape of an 'O', and she moans softly as the last of my hardness finds its mark. I continue to press forward, pushing her legs against the bed, pressing harder into her depths. She removes her fingers, one moving to her clit, the other back to fondle my balls.

I enjoy her heat for a minute more. I can't hold out any longer; I just want to let my lust go. I give her a slap on the ass and grip her hips as I pull out. I hold tightly as I slam into her again and again. She screams softly each time I reach bottom.

"Do you miss this? Do you miss my cock?"

"Oh yes. I miss your cock. Oh, fuck me good."

"You miss being my slut, don't you? You like it, don't you."

"Oooh...yes. I love it. I love being your slut."

"Good, because you're going to be mine tonight."

"Oh yes. I'm yours to do what you want."

With that my orgasm hits. "I'm coming," I groan loudly as I spasm inside of her. God, how I missed this. My orgasm continues, venting how much I've wanted this woman again.

I slow to a stop, and we stand there, her bent over with me behind her, inside. 

"Did you like that?" I ask.

"Oh yeah," she says.

"I want to see you come before we leave."

"I know. You told me already," she laughs. She pulls forward, removing me from her sex. She lies down in front of me on her back, placing her legs to either side of me. My penis is no more than 6 inches from her pussy as she begins to rub it.

I lean forward over her, my penis waving as her hand rubs against it. "I want you to look me in the eyes as you come. I want you to come for me. I want to know that you're coming while looking and thinking of me."

She opens her eyes, only halfway in her lust. Her body trembles slightly as her orgasm builds. She flushes and her breath gets deeper.

After a minute or two, she says, "I'm coming. Oh fuck." Her whole body starts to shake a little as her orgasm overtakes her. She starts to close her eyes, and I tell her to open them again. She does, with difficulty. "Oh god, babe, I'm coming for you. Ooh."

Slowly her body relaxes and her legs fall to the bed, her feet hanging off. Her arms are splayed out at her sides as exhaustion takes over her. I bend over more and kiss her, softly at first, but slightly harder before breaking the kiss.

"You have no idea how hot you are. I could fuck you all night long if my body could keep up."

I straighten up saying, "When you're ready, we'll go to dinner. Remember to remove your bra when you clean up. No underwear of any kind for you tonight." I smirk at her as she smiles weakly back; she knows it's going to be a long night.

After visiting the restroom myself, she gets up from the bed and closes the door behind her. I wait in the other room until she's ready. I hold her close again, just feeling her in my arms. I bend down and kiss her lightly. I can tell she's done what I asked: no bra, no underwear. We're ready to go.

**

We drive to a place nearby for dinner. It's a relatively simple place. Cuban. We get a pitcher of sangria to split and just talk about whatever. Throughout, I watch her fidget a little, probably missing her underwear. I like her thinking about it missing.

While things didn't quite work out with her, there were definitely things I enjoyed about being with her. She was easy to talk to and we had a lot of the same interests. We liked to cuddle a lot, and I tended to miss that, despite everything. And that body of hers was to kill for, and it's only looks better now. I won't even mention the sex; that was just incredible.

And here she was, sitting across from me without any underwear on, pussy freshly fucked, and talking to me almost as if nothing was out of place. I always loved how easy being sexy was for her. She's my wet dream come true.

We finish dinner leisurely, not really having a place we have to be. The pitcher of sangria is gone, her having had quite a bit of it. We head back to the car to go to a movie.

Once in the car, I don't start the car right away. She looks over at me and asks, "What's wrong?"

"Nothing," I smirk, "but I want you to raise your skirt. Show me what it's hiding."

She gives me a little laugh, a nervous look in her eyes. Looking around, she flips her skirt up quickly, giving me only a glimpse. I smile and lean over. I give her a kiss while reaching down and lifting the hem of her skirt. I break the kiss as I tuck it into the waistband. 

"You agreed to be my slut as long as I was careful. No one is going to see you in here, and I want to see." 

She stirs a little, looking uncomfortable. I can see she wants to fight me, but decides to give in.

"I promise only you and I are going to be seeing that hot little hole of yours." 

I smile as I lean back into my seat and start the car. I can tell that she's uncomfortable; she only looks out the window making sure that no one can see her. I can't describe how hot it makes me seeing her exposed like that, but there's nothing I can do while driving.

As we near the area that the theater is, I reach over and lower her skirt, to her perceptible relief. I don't want her too freaked out, and I did promise. Besides, I want other guys to envy what's under that skirt, not actually see it.

We purchase our tickets and went to find out seats. We sit off to the side to make it less likely for someone to sit next to us. She seems to prefer that arrangement, as do I. She sits to my right, the wall on her other side.

During parts of the movie, we hold hands like we used to. I look at her once in awhile and we both smile at each other, kissing occasionally. A couple times during the picture, I lay our joined hands on her lap. I work a finger under the hem and rub it over her mound, slightly dipping to her nub. She always moves my hand away, but I whisper to her "mine" and she relents. I don't do it too much, just enough to let her mind take in the fact that she's giving herself to me completely.

The movie ends relatively uneventfully and we go back out to the car. We get into the car and start driving away. As we clear the busy center, I look over at her and say, "Well?"

She knows what I want, so she tucks her skirt up again, giving me the view I want. We drive back to my place, obviously with a few glances in the direction of her lap. It's a bit dark to see anything, but just the idea turns me on.

As we near my place again, she lowers her skirt without me indicating that it would be okay. "She'll be punished for that," I think, but don't say anything out loud. I park and we go back inside.

Once inside, it's her turn to kiss me. It's a long, slow kiss, one with longing and memories. I reach around and hold her close, wanting to feel her pressed against me. I gently lay her on the couch without breaking the kiss and cover her body with mine. 

We make out gently for a little while, just enjoying each other. I keep myself from feeling her up too much, but my hands can't keep away from her breasts, softly kneading them and tweaking the nipples. This elicits some moans from her, probably as much from the kissing as from everything else.

I stand up and pull her with me. We move to the bedroom. I have her sit on the bed as I disrobe, wanting her to see how hard I was for her, and only for her. She sits and watches without comment. I walk closer to her once my clothes are removed and she reaches for my penis. It throbs in her small hand as it nears her stomach.

"I have a challenge for you," I say.

She looks up at me, asking, "What's that?"

"I'm going to lay down, and you're going to get on top of me. While I'm inside you, I'm going to tell you a story. You can't move at all, or you'll be punished. Nothing too bad, but punished."

"Do I have a choice?" she asks.

"You do, but you're mine for tonight, aren't you?"

"I guess so."

"Worried?"

"A little. I don't want to be punished."

"Don't worry about it too much. Just think of this as a dare. Sit still with my hard cock inside of you and you'll be fine." I emphasize "hard cock" with thrusts of my hips into her hand.

I lie down on my back, my penis sticking straight up.

"Should I take my clothes off?" she asks.

"No. Leave them on for now. You'll have a chance before we really get started," I smirk at her.

She straddles my hips, guiding my manhood into her warm and very wet tunnel. She puts all of her weight on me, embedding me deep inside of her.

"So what's this story about?"

"I wrote you one story, but actually had two in mind. The one you got was if you showed up as my slut without underwear. This is the story of what I would have done if you had worn something."

The look in her eyes reveals it all. She's interested to know what I would have done, but she also knows that sitting still is going to be a challenge.

I begin telling my story, wanting to go slowly, but enjoying the feeling of her heat too much to wait too much longer. It's definitely more kinky than this story. I can tell that she's glad she decided not to wear anything when she arrived, but I can see the look of lust increase on her face. As the story goes on, it becomes harder and harder for her to sit still.

Ultimately, it became too much for her. Slowly, her hips start to undulate back and forth, gently rubbing her clit against my pubic bone. I don't say anything, but continue my story.

By the time I finish, she moving more than just a little. I stop and she stops, looking at me.

"I guess you've been a bad girl, haven't you?"

She frowns at me, saying, "you cheated."

"I told a story and you started fucking me. Now you're going to be punished."

**

What punishment do I have in store for her? How will I sate my lust for her? That is another story altogether...