 My ex had come and gone throughout my life so far. Every time she comes back, things get interesting. 

Back in the day, she got me my first camera. I got better and better with it, and the living room wall at her parents house is a testimonial to that. It's plastered with picture after picture I took over the years. 

My other collection of pictures hasn't been viewed nearly as much, but that one is my favorite. I photographed woman after woman over the years. I shot friends, acquaintances, everyone that was willing to get naked in front of my lens. The shots aren't porn, although some of them could probably qualify. I tried to make them as artistic as I could. 

The only person missing from that portfolio was my ex. For some reason, she'd never get naked in front of my lens. Believe me, I asked her again and again. But every time, she turned me down. She liked my work, but the answer was always no. 

Not too long ago, I came across a new place to shoot. It's a series of old abandoned apartments above a store owned by a friend. He told me about it, and my curiosity was piqued. So he took a few minutes to let me in to look around. The first thought that came to mind was this is magnificent desolation. The apartments hadn't been cared for in years, and it showed. They were built back in the 20s by my estimate, so they had those wonderful art deco lines to them. The old windows were still in place, and that just added to the personality of the place. 

Right away I saw the potential of the site. It would be perfect for shooting someone when I didn't want the background to overpower the model. I shot a few test shots, and headed home after collecting my own key for the upstairs from my friend.

I loaded the pictures to the PC, and saw right away I was right. I was so excited, I sent one of them to my ex, telling her I had a new place to shoot. I included one shot in there of the best looking apartment. With all those lines and curves, it was magnificent. 

It took her a while to respond, but she congratulated me and asked where it was. I told her, and thought nothing more of it. 

About a week later, she texted me again. This time she said she was coming to town, and wanted to see me. And she wanted to see the apartments. Jokingly I sent back sure, but only if pose for me. I was shocked when she replied with be careful what you wish for. Ok, I was shocked and aroused. I'll admit that. So just to tease her a bit more, I told her what time worked, and if she was serious about getting naked in front of my lens, what to bring with her. 

The day finally came, and I drove over to meet her. She looked good, but she always did. She was wearing her usual day to day clothes, and carrying the suitcase she called a purse. I didn't see anything else in the car, so I figured she was just playing with me. Still, she wanted to see the place, so I unlocked the door and took her up. 

She had a look of amazement on her face when we walked into my favorite apartment. 

"Oh my God! This place is fantastic!"

I completely agreed with that. 

"I know. This one is my favorite. It's obviously not been touched in years and years. The sad thing is they're not going to redo these. They'll just be torn down someday."

"That sucks. But at least you'll have a record of them."

"That's what this started out as. I wanted to document the history of the place. But you know me. When I figured out they would be great for shooting nudes, well... you know the rest."

She laughed at that, and looked around some more. Then she surprised me. 

"So is this where you wanted to shoot me?"

"Actually yes. This is the very apartment where I thought of shooting you. But you didn't bring what I asked you to."

She smiled again at my naivete. 

"You always joked about my purse being a suitcase. What makes you think I didn't put anything in there?"

I'll admit I hadn't thought of that possibility. So I asked her,

"Did you? Do I finally get to photograph you today?"

She kept me in suspense for a moment more, then reached into her bag and pulled out exactly what I told her to bring. 

"Yes. Today's the day. I had to look at while for this. I haven't worn it in years. But it still looks good."

It sure did. It was the old shirt she used to wear as a night shirt. I remembered it from years ago, when I wouldn't even let her keep it on. It came off fast, and we did wild and nasty things to each other all night long. 

I shook my head, and snapped out of my daydream. 

"Perfect. There's a room back there. Go back and take off everything, and put on the shirt. When you get back out here, we'll start."

She slipped into the back room and returned minutes later. Her hairstyle was different from long ago, but those 38DDs had stood the test of time. They still stood out proudly, unfettered by any bra. 

There was a window that overlooked a lot out back. The light there was perfect, so I took her over there and have her instructions. 

"I need you to be a bit of an actress here. Are you up for that?"

She was a thespian in school, so naturally she said,

"Of course I can."

"Good. Now lean against the far side of the window frame and close your eyes."

As soon as she had, I said,

"Here's the story. This is the only room in your house like this. You always go here to get away from the pressures of your everyday life. At least that's how it started. After a while, you noticed someone out back, working a small piece of ground. You thought about saying something to him, but he was standing there with his shirt off, dripping sweat. So you stayed and watched him. You came back day after day, watching him work until one day you realized you wanted him. Physically that is. But he never looked up, and he never saw you standing here longing for him."

I could see the emotions on her face as she listened, and I knew her imagination had taken over. She could see this mystery man in her mind eye, and she was falling into the story, hanging on every word. I went on. 

"Today you're back in the place you visit every day. You've dreamed about him looking up one day and seeing you. Now open your eyes. Show me how you'd watch him."

She did exactly that, and the look of longing on her face was almost unbearable to see. She leaned against the window frame as I shot picture after picture, catching her lost in a dream. Finally I had what I needed, and I said,

"Today though is different. Today for some reason, he looked up and sees you. He does a double take, and then smiles at you. He's obviously enjoying the sight of you dressed like that in the window. He doesn't know you've been wanting him for such a long time. You have to show him your interested in more than just waving at each other every day. You've got his attention; what are you going to do?"

You could see the emotions play across get face again, and I got shot after shot of that. Until finally, she had an idea. 

She stood there in the window, and I saw her hand move to the buttons on her shirt. I shot picture after picture as she slowly unbuttoned them, revealing more of her body. Finally her fingers hit the bottom, and she stood there, the shirt barely covering her. She was staring out the window, and I knew she'd locked eyes with her imaginary lover. She stood there for the longest time like that, until finally I said,

"What are you going to do now?"

When she moved, I started shooting again, and I caught her slipping the shirt off her shoulders, exposing those magnificent breasts. They were still firm, capped by wonderfully hard nipples. Her shirt slid slowly down until it hit the ground. She stood there naked in front of me and her imaginary friend. She was still into the story, so I started again. 

"You've got his undivided attention now. Now how are you going to get him to understand what you want?"

She smiled a small smile at that, and still looking at her imaginary lover, she ran her hands up her body until she was cupping those wonderful tits. Then she played with them, kneading and caressing them. I got shots of it all. And she finally did that thing I love. She lifted them one after the other, and licked her own nipples. I loved seeing her do that, and I had pictures of it now. Her hand roamed all over her body, and finally started down toward her pussy. One leg went up on the window sill, and her fingers slipped readily into her wetness. She pressed herself against the window, slowly riding her fingers. I got pictures of it all. 

Then an idea hit me. I left her there for a minute, and found what I needed. A chair from the other room. Bringing it back into the room, I positioned it in the frame of the picture. Then I told her,

"He got the message. He's coming up here to join you. You finally get to fulfill your long held fantasy. Let's get you ready for that."

I sat her down on the chair, and repositioned the camera. I put it on the tripod I always had with me. Then I went to my camera bag, and pulled out a blindfold. I went back to her, and tied it over her eyes. 

I zoomed the camera in so that the pictures would have her completely in them, but only part of anyone else. That left her stranger next door fantasy intact. Then I put it on automatic, so it shot every few seconds. 

"Now he's in the room. And he sees you sitting here ready for him."

I walked over to her and said,

"Here's the first thing he do."

I stepped on front of her, and unzipped my jeans. I knew she could hear it, and in her fantasy, it was the stranger. Looking down, I saw her lick her lips. She knew what was coming. 

She was turned three quarters toward the camera, so there next few shots caught the action perfectly. Her mouth opened, and that hard cock slid right into it. She sat back and let the invading cock use her hot mouth. She hasn't lost anything over the years, she was still an amazing cocksucker. 

Cum all over her face was an option, but I decided against it. At least right then. I thought she had more in her, and I wanted shots of that. 

Reluctantly I pulled out of her mouth, and taking her hand, I led her back to the window. She felt it's cool surface, and stood there while I positioned the camera again. This time she was in profile, bending over so her hands were on the sill. I started the camera again, and walked back into frame. 

My hands grabbed her hips, and I slowly slid my cock into that familiar pussy. She rocked back against me, and I knew what the camera was catching. Those tits were in profile, swinging as she fucked her fantasy lover. I couldn't resist grabbing them as my cock plunged into her again and again. 

Shot after shot was taken as she took my cock, pretending the whole time it was her fantasy lover. She was still in the fantasy. She did something I'd never seen before. I saw her body shake in orgasm again and again. Still, she kept fucking the stand in for her fantasy guy. When things got close, it was time for the big finish. 

I stopped her, and led her back to the chair. She sat, and after repositioning the camera, I introduced my cock to her mouth again. Those shots were great. You could see my cock glistening with her juices as it slipped deep into her mouth again. She'd always loved sucking herself off me, and today was no different. She took my length deep until I got close. I had to time this right. 

I'd reached the point of no return, and I slid out of her mouth. With a few strokes, I came just as the camera shot. My cum hit her face, and get mouth opened. The next shot hit her open mouth, with the rest painting her face. 

When I finished, I grabbed the camera and shot her covered with my cum. It dripped down her body to those tits. Those were the final shots I got. 

I put the camera down, and came over with a towel and gently cleaned her up. Then I took off her blindfold. 

"Did you get the shots you always wanted."

"I got what I wanted and more. Thank you dear."

She smiled when I said that, and told me I was welcome. I watched her get dressed, and felt the familiar disappointment. I would have loved to have went home with her and continued things long into the night. But that wasn't in the cards of course. 

She saw the sadness on my face. As we walked toward the door, she stopped and did something totally out of character for her. She hugged me gently. Then with a small sad smile, she was gone.