 AUTHOR'S NOTE: It's all the Ex's fault - Redux

Due to reader requests and a bad case of writers block, I have revisited this series and have added names and spiced up a few bland spots. 

Many thanks go to RF-Fast for his editing and suggestions that enhanced the story. Any bad grammar left is wholly on me and my artistic style... and a strong reliance on spell check.

LEGALESE: Don't read this if you are underage, if it is illegal in your area, if it is offensive to you, or if you cannot distinguish fiction from reality. This is a work of fiction. All characters are 18 years of age or older.

Copyright (c) 2015 by Acup

*****

I got some more whistles about my white dinner jacket, and the slide show ended on a nice one of us kissing on the dance floor. I just sat there holding her and looking at it in silence with everybody else, remembering it was just after I had slipped her new steel plug I her ass. I gave her tits a bit of a squeeze and leaned in close to her ear. "I do love you." I said softly before I kissed her neck.

She turned toward me a bit. "I love you too." And laid her cheek to mine.

"AWWWWWWW!!" came the chorus from the girls, then a lot of giggling and laughing.

We left that one up on the screen a bit while we picked up our mess. I shut it down before it burnt into the TV, and put some mellow jazz on the stereo and pulled her to me. We cuddled and danced naked in our own house, good friends around us. She was leaning against my chest, and started yawning. It wasn't as late as last night, but it was still after eleven.

I pulled her back from me, we said our good nights and went to bed...and there were no sheets! I picked up the ball of sheets from my bed and took them to the spare bedroom for the girls. When I came back Darcy was bent over putting a sheet on the bed when I came in. "Damn if I wasn't so tired..."

She looked over her shoulder grinning at me. "There's always tomorrow morning... no work remember?"

I came up behind her putting my hands on her hips and then helping her stand up so I could cup those delicious tits. "You got a deal gorgeous." We grabbed the comforter and pillows, crawled in, and said maybe ten words before we were out. 

I woke the next morning to Darcy cuddled against me as a body was crawling into bed with us and under the comforter. "Well hello there." I said to Farrah as she cuddled up against my other side. "What are you doing here?"

"Mmmmm, just got off work and thought I'd check in on you two."

I cupped a nice tit on each side, tweaking first Farrah's nipple, then Darcy's ever so gently.

"Morning.." Darcy said quietly, leaning forward for a kiss from Farrah without opening her eyes. Farrah met her over my chest for a quick but soft kiss and then they settled back in.

We laid there for a bit cuddling until I felt Farrah's hand reaching for my firm cock. It was followed shortly by Darcy's hand on my now very hard cock. "You just want to get laid..." Darcy said to her.

"Uh uh, thirsty..."

"You gotta share..."

"Always..." as she scooted down toward my now rock hard cock. Unlike the last time she didn't turn around, just scooted down and began a nice slow sensual blow job. Caressing and nibbling on my cock, licking and stroking while looking up at Darcy every so often. While Farrah was concentrating on my cock, Darcy was cupping and playing with my balls.

No sense of urgency, just the ladies taking their time enjoying me. I enjoyed watching my cock disappear between those soft lips, feeling her tongue swirl around the head when she did. Turning and bumping it against her throat while her hand squeezed my cock and Darcy's held my balls, rolling them gently in her fingers.

We laid there like that for a bit until Darcy decided she needed more attention. It was just soooo terrible to see her slide up and put her juicy pussy over my lips. Tasting her sweat nectar as she lowered herself onto me, with just the slightest hint of stubble against my lips. The velvety smoothness of her inner lips in contrast to her hard clit as I ran my tongue around it, her little gasp as I moaned into her pussy when Farrah took me as far in as she could working me down her throat a little.

I was getting close when Darcy reached up to her own tits and began cupping them and rolling her nipples between her fingers. She started rocking back and forth on my tongue and lips, grinding her clit into my nose while my tongue was stuffed as far up her pussy as I could reach.

I wanted my drink... I slid my hand up from the back of Farrah's head to Darcy's ass and slipped a finger into her ass. "OH FUUUUUUUCK!" Darcy started shooting off into my mouth, breaking my concentration just enough to let loose in Farrah. Matching blast after blast to the juices flowing into my mouth.

I pulled my finger from Darcy's ass and she laid back across me from Farrah. Farrah held my now soft but oozing cock out to her. I was jumping and twitching as she licked me clean. Then Farrah did it again, she showed me a mouth full of my cum, then leaned over to Darcy to share it in a long kiss. All I could do was lay there, watch, and groan.

After a bit they did turn back around and cuddled up with me again, but it didn't last long when the aroma of bacon drifted in from the kitchen.

We went out to find Dee Dee naked, dark chocolate tits and nipples with large gold loops in them laid up on the island light granite in a sexy lewd display. Fabiana was in her lace bra and thong, and Maddie fully dressed, but obviously without a bra, standing at the stove cooking.

"Damn, with all these beautiful women around I'd almost think I'd died and gone to heaven."

Dee Dee tuned to me and hefted her tits to me, "Why 'almost'?"

I pulled Darcy and Farrah to my side, "because for starters those two aren't naked." Fabiana gasped, "And second they aren't interested in me..." her mouth flapped in the breeze for a few seconds, then the girls all broke out laughing... and jiggling!

Maddie pulled some biscuits from the oven, and set gravy, eggs, and bacon out for us to pick from. I took a biscuit and split it, covered it with gravy, and dug in while reaching for some bacon. "Damn you can cook girl, but where did the food come from? I know my frig was BARE!"

Fabiana got all smiles and puffed up at me complimenting her girlfriend. "She damn well better be able to cook, she's the executive chef at..." and rattled off the name of one of the high dollar restaurants downtown.

Maddie blushed a bit. "It's just breakfast, I ran out and picked a few things up while you three were messing around in there." Now it was Darcy's turn to blush.

"Either way it's excellent, thank you." and I raised a biscuit and gravy filled fork to her before swallowing it down.

The girls chatted some more about the Reno competition before the two girls had to leave.

The four of us managed to get most of the most of the boxes unpacked, or at least unpacked and consolidated, by noon. We sat down for a quick sandwich, the place starting to look a bit more normal. Dee Dee took off after lunch, leaving me with my two girls.

I turned to Darcy, "Any idea what you're wearing this afternoon?" she looked at me like she didn't know what we were talking about. "Meeting up at the mall...so I can show you off some more..."

"Oh hell, I forgot about that..."

Farrah was looking at us trying to figure out what we were talking about.

"We met an older couple a while back, and again the other day at the mall. They like to show her figure off a bit in semi revealing cloths, and even flash or accidentally show some skin if they can. We're going to meet them and maybe be introduced to some other couples as well."

Farrah looked at Darcy and started giggling, "Girl, what has gotten into you?!!"

Darcy just poked me in the side and grinned. "Him... You could come with us if you wanted to."

"Oh it would be so terrible to have two hot babes with me..." I chimed in.

"Flattery will get you almost anywhere mister, but it's about my bed time. I've been up since yesterday afternoon."

"OK fine, go take your shower and we'll be out of here in a bit." I gave her a quick peck and a titty grope as I got up. The girls sat there a bit whispering to each other before Darcy joined me in the bedroom. "What was all that about?"

She just grinned at me, "Girl stuff..." She went through what she had unpacked, but didn't have much to choose from, several nice tops, but only work skirts well below the knee.

"How about we do some shopping since we'll be there? You never know what we'll find."

"OK." She put on a nice lace bra and a thin button up top that let the lace show through with her nipples standing out, showing plenty of cleavage then slipped on some snug jeans, and we were off, grabbing her long coat just in case.

There were a fair amount of people in the mall, and Darcy was getting her fair share of attention. I could only smile proudly, knowing she was with me. We wandered through several shops looking around, and came to another outlet of the same dress store chain we went into down near her old apartment. The real surprise was finding Gwen there.

"Well hello stranger!"

"Well hello!" leaning over to give Darcy the peck on the cheek, but almost making it a lip kiss. "What are you two doing up here?"

"He lives up here... and now I do too! What about you?"

"Well congratulations! Me, I just got transferred up here last week. So are you looking for anything?"

"Skirts... some for work and some to wear out."

"Some to wear out and show her off." I corrected her. Darcy just rolled her eyes...

"So what do you do?"

"Paralegal."

"Oh, sexy and smart!"

Darcy snickered and Gwen just grinned. "We have several to choose from." She led us back to the changing room. This one was a bit smaller, but the platform a bit higher and more mirrors. I got to sit nice and close and would get a nice view up her skirts if they were short enough!

Gwen brought back several skirts and some skirt and jacket combinations. Darcy was peeling off her jeans when she brought them back in. "So what's with the dye job?"

Without even looking up Darcy responded, "It's not, the brunette was the dye job."

"OH..." and handed her the first skirt. She held a few up, to see how they looked, standing there bottomless like it was no big deal between skirts. She selected a few for work that came down above her knee, and even two that approached mid thigh if she pulled the waist up a bit. But they all had to be sized up a bit to accommodate her muscular thighs

With the skirt and jacket combinations she actually slipped the jackets on. Several were nice, and a few even sexy with deep neck lines.

On one dark blue one, the neck line came down below her bra band, and the bottom edge of the jacket within inches of the ultra short skirt caught my attention. "Hey gorgeous?"

"Yes handsome."

"Do me a favor."

"What?"

"Try that one without the top or skirt."

"HUH!"

"Just indulge me, please?"

"OK..." She stripped the jacket and skirt off, then peeled her top off leaving her in just her thin lace bra. "You're just trying to get me naked again..."

I just smiled, "Always."

She slipped the jacket back on and it was perfect. The neck line revealed just a bit of her lace bra, and the hem of the jacket came about three inches below her crotch. I stood up and walked to them, then ran my hand down the neck line against her skin, tickling the edge of the lace, then ran my hand in the flap of the dress to her bare, and wet, pussy.

"I knew you just wanted to get your hands on me." But she put her hand on mine to keep it against her wet lips. Then pulled them both back, licking her own juices from our fingers. Then she pulled the bottom flap aside revealing her bare pussy and most of her landing strip. "But I can't go walking around like this. I'd get arrested!"

"Nothing a safety pin wouldn't cure until you could get a few more buttons put on."

"So you can reach up my skirt and play with me while you're sitting there safely in your slacks!"

I just smiled.

"Well we can fix that." Gwen chipped in.

We looked at her, and she leaned over to Darcy, cupping her hand to whisper in her ear. Darcy got an amazed look on her face and turn to look at me, before turning back to Gwen for some more whispers.

Darcy turned to me, lifting the flap to show her pussy and landing strip. "OK, I'll get this, and wear it with a couple of safety pins until we can have buttons put on," she paused to look at Gwen and then back at me, "but you have to lose the boxers..."

"OK"

"And we trim off one of your pockets so I can play with you too!"

I just looked at two grinning women, and just to sweeten the deal, Darcy unbuttoned the bottom of the jacket and opened it to cup her tit and tweak her nipple through the lace.

"OK, I give up..."

She dropped the jacket, and then the bra, sauntering over to me naked as Gwen slipped out. She had just unbuckled my slacks and was dropping them down when Gwen came back in with the scissors. "I've always wanted to do this!"

She stepped forward with the scissors like she was going to cut the pocket off while I had them pulled down.

"Uh uh, he doesn't get off that easily. He's got me stripped down, I get the same. Besides, we have to get the boxers off first."

Gwen grinned and worked the scissors in her hand. "I was going to get them off..."

I gasped and the girls chuckled. Darcy was taking her time sliding my slacks down, rubbing her cheek on my hard cock through my boxers while she was kneeled in front of me. Gwen was licking her lips watching her. She did at least take my shoes off before removing my slacks completely and handing them to Gwen.

With just a few snips the bottom of my right pocket was gone!! She went to hand them back to Darcy. "Un uh, we're not done yet."

Darcy reached for the waist band of my boxers and began working them down SLOWLY, making sure my cock was standing out hard and proud. When she pulled them down far enough to make my cock spring back up Gwen gasped. "Now that's what I'm talking about!"

Darcy let my boxers fall to my ankles and wrapped a hand around my cock and began slowly stroking it. Gwen was staring at my cock, frozen in place. Darcy licked a bit of pre-cum from the tip, moaning as she did, then looked over her shoulder at Gwen. "Get down here girl, it's a MUCH better view," and scooted to one side a little.

Gwen moved like a jerky robot, but stepped forward and kneeled down beside Darcy, who was now giving me a nice slow blow job. She pulled back, still stroking me, but aiming my cock toward Gwen.

"Isn't this nice dear? Getting your cock sucked in the dressing room. Are you thinking about where your cum is going to wind up?" she pulled me closer to Gwen, the tip of my cock just out of reach of her lips. She winked at me, then said, "Makes you think you've died and gone to heaven."

"Almost."

Now it was her turn to smile, she knew I'd caught on to what she was doing. "Why almost?"

"Because she's not naked, and you're the only one sucking my cock."

"Well we can take care of part of that right now." She dropped her hand from my cock and used it to bring Gwen's hand up. With her other hand she nudged Gwen's head the last inch to my cock, and Gwen just kept leaning forward taking me in and sighing.

Darcy moved around behind Gwen and put her hands on her waist. "We have a naughty little sales clerk here dear." She pulled back her top to reveal..."she has a nice tight corset on under her clothes," I looked down to see her body and tits fully encased in a fancy silky corset, not even a hint of cleavage. She slid her hands down and headed for her skirt, pulling up the front with one, and sliding the other between her legs. "Oh and no underwear!"

Darcy must have went for her clit, Gwen squeaked and doubled her efforts on my cock. "Oh yea, that's it, suck that cock! You know he's going to blast off in your mouth while you cum around my fingers." Gwen was starting to tremble.

"And you are going to keep his cum in your mouth to share with me aren't you?"

That thought was putting me right at the edge, but what ever Darcy did to Gwen set her over the edge. She grabbed my ass and worked me like a mad woman while screaming around my cock.

I grabbed her head and began pumping load after load into her waiting mouth. I know she had to have swallowed some for as much as I was pumping into her, but she did pull back and keep her lips around the tip of my cock to take the last of it.

When Darcy let her pull back, taking my cock from her lips and licking the last few dribbles directly before taking Gwen's face in her hands and latching on. I saw her tongue dive into Gwen's mouth just before their lips met.

Gwen held back for only a second before wrapping her arms around Darcy for a nice long sensuous lip lock.

Oh to be eighteen again and be able to get it up right away...

I stepped back and sat in the chair, my pants and boxers on the floor around the girls. They kissed and groped for quite a bit before finally coming up for air. And even then they had to give each other a few nice pecks and licks to make sure they got it all.

When they finally settled down, Darcy brought my now modified slacks over to me and helped me into them, giving my soft cock a few strokes just to be a tease while Gwen did up her top.

Darcy stood beside me and put her left hand down in my now bottomless right pocket, grabbing and fondling my cock. "Now this is more like it!"

I of course reached over and cupped her bare but now dripping pussy.

"Oh no, we have to test this properly." She went back over and got the jacket, not bothering with the bra, and slipped it on.

When she leaned slightly my way to reach in my pocket, the front gaped open completely letting me have a nice look at her bare tit, "Oh this works for me!"

"Now all we need is a few safety pins."

Gwen stepped outside, and I turned to Darcy, sliding a hand in her new jacket. "Am I going to lick your pussy or is she?"

She gave me a quick peck, "Would you mind if I try to get her to do it first?"

"After that blow job, of course not. Besides, I can always do you again later!"

"That you can..." She was reaching back into my slacks when Gwen came back in, and started to hand Darcy the safety pins. She stepped up on the platform, and turned to her, "Would you mind? It won't hang right if I do it bending over."

There was a bit of a smile on Gwen's face, "Sure."

As Gwen was kneeling down to put the safety pins in, Darcy winked at me again. "I'm still not sure honey, are you positive this doesn't show too much of me?" and lifted the flap to expose her dripping pussy.

"With the pins in place it will be fine, the real question is will I still be able to get to you to lick you when you're dripping."

"Oh babe that's not a problem. All I have to do is kick my knee out, and you have good access to my dripping pussy." she kicked her knee out and pulled Gwen's head to her, almost forcing her into her wet pussy. "Seeeee..."

Before she had even finished saying 'Seeee' Gwen had dived in and was licking her like a starved woman. But with all the playing around Darcy didn't even last thirty seconds before she was cumming in Gwen's mouth. Darcy collapsed onto the platform with both hands on Gwen's head dragging her with her screaming all the way. I leaned over far enough to look out into the store, wondering if someone was going to call security with all the nose Darcy was making. Perhaps this isn't the first time screaming was coming from the fitting room?

It didn't last long though, when Darcy brought her thighs up and began clamping Gwen's head she pulled away, with a grin, but she pulled away. She turned to look at me grinning, her face now wet with Darcy's juices, "You two are anything but boring..." and leaned over to take one last lick at Darcy, making her squeak and jump! LOL
