 I work in the training department of a large financial services company. Recently I had to proctor a professional exam--sit in a room for a few hours and watch four of our employees take one in a seemingly endless series of exams people in the industry are always facing. Salaries, bonuses, even the security of their jobs are tied to their performance on exams like these, but I'd never fully appreciated how high the stakes were for some of them until today.

I passed out the exam papers, and then sat idly by as they began. I read the sports section, worked a little on a report I had due, but I was distracted by one woman in the back of the room. She kept shifting around in her seat, anxious. Light brown hair tied up in a loose knot, dark green eyes. She wore a low cut, black button-down sweater that showed off her smooth, pale skin and luscious cleavage. She was attractive, and the way she sat, nervously swinging her knees together then apart beneath her desk made me want to crawl under the table for a taste. My mouth dried, I licked my lips, and she caught me staring. I tried to look away quickly, but I swear there was a smirk on her face. She was probably used to being stared at.

A couple of hours passed, with me continuing to steal furtive glances, and her continuing to shift about in her chair. One of the other employees finished and left, distracting me momentarily. When I looked back at Miriam, she'd pulled her coat over her shoulders. I didn't find the room cold, and clearly neither did she as she opened the top two buttons of her sweater. I could clearly see the swell of her breast, and more than a hint of purple lace from her bra, but the jacket draped across her shoulders shielded her from the view of the other two examinees. These two soon finished and left as well, leaving me and Miriam alone in the exam room. I stared openly at her.

She reclined back in her chair, looking directly back at me. She reached up and freed her hair, running her hands through it.

"This exam is so tough, there's so much to remember," she complained. "I'm never going to pass this without a miracle..." She left it hanging, and while I could see where this might be going, I wanted to see if she'd have the nerve to press.

"I don't know the first thing about underwriting, I'm of no help." It was true, I couldn't have helped if I'd wanted to.

"Well, maybe not you per se, but maybe I could just peek at the other three exams?"

"Are you crazy?" So she did have the nerve.

"No! I'm gonna lose my job if I don't do well on this. I can't let that happen. I'll do anything. Anything!" Her legs were spread wide apart, and she began rubbing herself through her pants. "Please, you've got to help me!"

"What do you want me to do?"

"Let me see the other exams. Its a multiple choice test, I'll just take a consensus of the other people's answers and go with the averages. You give me those exams, and I'll give you myself."

I took the three completed exams and walked over to her. "Take off that sweater." She shucked off the coat, and then removed the sweater. "The bra too." She reached around and unhooked it. It slid into her lap. Her tits had to be a good B or a small C. Nice, firm. Her nipples stood straight out. Miriam just looked up at me, and I tossed the papers on her desk. "Half an hour with these, then half an hour with me."

She made good use of her time, then finally slammed down her pencil. "Well, your turn," she said, looking at me coyly.

"Take off your clothes."

She stood and kicked off her shoes, undid her pants and slid them off. She hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her little panties, and slid those off as well. Her pussy had very little hair, which I liked. I stood and walked over to her, took her face in my hands and leaned in for a kiss. Her lips were soft and warm, and readily parted for me. Our tongues met, and my hands teased along her neck and back. I pushed her back against the table, and she sat on its edge. I kissed down her neck, palmed her tits in my hands and felt her hard little nipples press back against me. I took one in my mouth, flicking it with my tongue while teasing it against my teeth. My hands wandered all over her body. She pressed down on the top of my head, and I kissed my way down her stomach. I knelt on the floor before her, and trailed my tongue along the insides of her thighs, and over her mons.

"Eat me," she pleaded. She was wet, and I could smell her excitement. I licked her outer lips, and she squirmed, trying to force my tongue inside her. Finally, with one long, languid lap of my tongue, I parted her lips and delved inside her. I licked my way to her clit, and she squeezed my head between her legs. I lapped at her pussy and flicked at her clit with each upstroke. I brought my hand up and slid a finger inside her, leaving my mouth free to suck on her clit. I sucked it hard into my mouth, nuzzling it with my teeth and flicking it with my tongue. The intense sensations soon brought her to orgasm. She squeezed more tightly with her legs, and grabbed the back of my head, rocking her hips into my face. She muffled her cries the best she could, but her long wail really turned me on.

I didn't want to stop, I wanted to get her off again. I let up a little as she rode the wave, kissing her pussy tenderly, but never stopping. Soon I built up my intensity once more.

"Ohhhhhhh, again, AGAIN!" She pleaded. "Eat me, eat my pussy, I wanna come again!" Like a piston my finger rocketed in and out of her wet pussy, my tongue mercilessly lapping at her swollen clit. "Yeah, yeah, yeahhhhhhahhhh!" Her hips bucked and spasmed of their own volition. I looked up at her flushed face, her eyes close, a blissful smile on her face. I stood and threw off my pants and underwear. I was slick with precum, and started stroking myself. Her eyes opened, and she licked her lips in anticipation. "Sit," she said.

I sat in her chair, and she slid down off the edge of the table and knelt before me now. She rested her arms on my thighs, and devoured my cock in her mouth. She swirled her tongue around the sensitive underside of my cock, and now I was the one moaning. Her left hand tickled my ball sack, and her right grabbed the base of my throbbing cock. Her head bobbed up and down on my shaft, and her hand started jerking me in tandem. There was no way I was going to last. "I'm going to come, Miriam!" She quickened her pace, eyes looking up at me. 

"Ungh, ungh, yes, oh, here it comes!" I blasted shot after shot of come into her mouth, and she feverishly swallowed it down, gulping and slurping. She slowed her movements, tenderly licking me clean. She rose and began to dress, and walked out of the room. I straightened myself up and left soon after as well. As I gathered up the papers from her table, I noticed the puddle of juices she'd left when I'd been eating her out. I smiled and left it there, wondering if the next person in would realize what it was. I don't know how Miriam scored on the test, but she's still on the company directory. I can't wait for the next round of exams.