 Everyone in this story is over the age of 18.

-- 

No matter how hard I tried, I couldn't stop my eyes from drifting to my rearview mirror. Its position gave me the perfect view of our new Romanian exchange student, Lily, who was currently sandwiched in between my two daughters; 18-year-old Laura and 21-year-old Sasha. We had just picked up Lily, barely 18 herself, from the airport, and despite the presence of my wife and daughters I hadn't been able to take my eyes off her since we had met her at the gate. She was strikingly beautiful, with porcelain white skin that she showed off with a short denim skirt and tight white tank top. 

We had told her in our final e-mail to dress for warm weather, but I hadn't been expecting so little. Her long athletic legs seemed to go on and on, and is if to taunt every single man she had come into contact with that day Lily had picked out a pair of shiny black high heels, which I knew were referred to by some as Fuck Me Shoes, to finish off her incredible lower half. On most women those legs would have been their killer feature, but not for Lily. Her breasts, which even seem to take Laura by surprise as I had noticed her staring at them once or twice, were a perfect 34F. They stood out on her skinny frame, and although I could make out the bra straps on her shoulders I was sure I could see her nipples poking through. Finally I came to her face, she looked like a model with high cheekbones and thick, shiny pink lips that seemed permanently pursed in a shy smile. Long black hair that came down to the tops of her breasts framed her face, and her big blue eyes looked around nervously at the four strangers she would be spending the next two months with.

My wife Andi introduced us rather cheesily as The McAdams Family, before almost pulling us up one by one to individually introduce our guest. Laura and Sasha both got hugs and kisses on the cheek, before I stepped up and offered my hand. Lily reached out and a bolt of electricity shot through me when our hands touched, before she gripped mine firmly and shook it twice. 

"Very nice to meet you," she had said with a slight accent, although I could already tell her English was as good as it had been in her e-mails. Finally Andi got her hug and kiss and we were on our way back to the car, with myself making sure to walk behind our new houseguest to get another long look at her legs. Much to my delight the skirt was so short that I got a glimpse of a thong when we made our way up the car park stairs, although it was only fleeting as my wife turned her head forcing me to avert my gaze.

As we drove home though I was getting my fill of thong, as she sat in the middle seat with her legs slightly apart. She twiddled her thumbs in her lap as the four women tried to make conversation, whilst I simply concentrated on keeping our car on the road - and on the raging boner I was now concealing in my jeans, which I hoped would subside before we arrived home and I had to step out of the car. Fortunately I managed to suppress my horniness just as we pulled into the driveway, although I knew I would have to take care of myself soon before he perked up in another potentially embarrassing situation.

Everyone pitched in to get Lily's luggage in the house, she had brought quite a lot with her and had apparently had to spend some of her spending money getting the excess baggage onto the plain.

"Not to worry," Andi interjected, "we'll pay for it."

Lily smiled and gave Andi another kiss, and suddenly I felt incredibly jealous of my wife getting so close to this beautiful girl so quickly. Realising just how desperate I was becoming, I disappeared into the bathroom to 'release some pressure', as it were. Normally I like to take my time when I masturbate, but today I gripped my 8-inch shaft and pumped furiously, and within minutes I had emptied my load into the shiny white toilet bowl.

Feeling satisfied I stepped out into the hallway, only to bump into Lily. Andi and our daughters were downstairs, I could hear them laughing about something in the kitchen, so it was just me and Lily on the stairs.

"My room is very nice, thank you." 

She was clearly very nervous, which was entirely understandable given that she was in a new country, away from her parents and family, staying with four strangers who she had met barely an hour ago.

"I'm glad you like it." I said smiling at her, making sure I met her gaze. "If you need any help settling in, let me know, ok?"

I moved towards the stairs, but quickly Lily grabbed out and touched my arm. It was only the most delicate of touches, but it was enough to stop me in my tracks.

"Actually, could you help me to lift all of my things onto the bed?" Before I could answer she had taken me by the hand and was leading me into her room. "Then I can sort everything out easily."

I followed, trying to cover my eagerness, and quickly grabbed the biggest suitcase. Opening it up I found nothing out of the ordinary - numerous different dresses, skirts and jeans. All looked incredibly revealing, which suited me down to the ground, and when I had finished I slid the suitcase under the bed.

Lily had taken the second biggest, which seemed to contain nothing but t-shirts and a few more 'formal' items of clothing, so I grabbed the last of the three suitcases - there were some smaller bags piled up next to it, but I guessed these didn't contain clothes so left them. Lily's back was turned so she didn't see me pick up the final case, and if she had I guess she would've stopped me opening it. As it happened though I slid the zipper round and flipped the lid, to be greeted by what was obviously her 'delicates' holder.

In hindsight I probably should have guessed - it the smallest case with all her other clothes already accounted for - but I honestly didn't think of that all, and my reward was to see every thong, panty and bra she had brought with her. I gulped, and then my cock must have taken over as I delved in. She could have been looking, but I didn't care as my hand rummaged around the case. I pulled out a pair of light blue silk panties, and ran the fabric through my fingers. They were cool, but had a strange warming sensation on my skin.

Suddenly I spotted the light reflecting off something that had been wrapped in a few pairs of plain white panties, and in my hand went once again. I gripped it, and if I hadn't just had a wank I'm sure I would have cum there and then. It was a dildo, a thick one, and suddenly thoughts of Lily fucking herself with it, writhing around on her new bed and screaming as she came flooded my mind. I managed to regain my composure and bundled everything back into the case, making sure to bury the glass sex toy under a pile of bras. I turned back to Lily, and I thanked my lucky stars that her back was still turned.

"Umm, I guess I'll leave this one to you." I said, closing the lid. Lily turned and a blush spread across her cheeks. She laughed, out of embarrassment more than anything, and walked over to the suitcase. She bent down to scoop it up, giving me a birds-eye view of her cleavage.

"Thank you, Mr. McAdams," she said as she got to her feet. "I can finish the rest."

I returned her grateful smile and turned to leave. Just before stepping out into the hallway I turned back to her, to see she had already resumed neatly placing her t-shirts onto the bed.

"Lily..." her head spun to face me. "Call me Craig. Mr. McAndrew makes me feel old."

She laughed.

"Ok, Craig. See you later."

I shut her bedroom door behind me, then leaned against it for support as I let out a huge sigh of relief. My cock was hard again, and I remembered the feel of her dildo in my hands. Hopefully she would fuck herself later, and a tiny part of me would be inside her.

---

Lily heard the door shut and let out a laugh. God, that couldn't have gone any better. She opened up her smallest suitcase, reached inside and quickly found her dildo. Mr. McAdams had been even braver than she'd anticipated, picking it up without even looking to check to see if she had noticed. Of course, he clearly wasn't the most subtle of men. She didn't mind him scanning her body with his eyes or walking behind her in the airport, in fact it was exactly what she had wanted. After finding out that the McAdams' would be her host family she had done a bit of research and managed to find a few pictures of the four of them on various networking sites. Mr. McAndrew - or Craig, as he had already told her to call him - was a very handsome man and immediately caught her eye. He was nearly 50, she knew that, but looked at least fifteen years younger. His hair was still a very dark brown with only a few strands of grey, and his rugged face reminded her of Hugh Jackman.

She had got her first good look at his body in the airport, and had liked what she saw. Despite his age he was still in shape, and he wasn't lying in his Facebook profile when he said he went to the gym 'two or three times a week.' His arms were well defined, and she was sure she could make out the faintest outline of a six-pack through his polo shirt.

Lily really liked what she had seen in the car, though. She didn't know how his wife or daughters had missed it. His erection was there for everyone to see, straining to break through his jeans. She had had to bite her tongue not to smile, and make sure he didn't catch her staring on one of his many glances in the mirror.

He wanted her, and she wanted him. His wife? Andi was friendly and charming, attractive as well - but Lily didn't care. His daughters, however... Lily had plans for them. Maybe if she could get him to look at them in a sexual way just once then the next two months could be very interesting. First things first, though. She would fuck Craig. Tonight.

--

With thoughts of Lily and her dildo running through my mind I contemplated locking myself in the bathroom to relieve myself again, but my wife's voice put the brakes on that plan.

"Craig, get Lily! Dinner's ready!" she bellowed up the stairs. Gulping, I turned and lightly tapped on Lily's door.

"Lily, dinnertime." I spoke into the door. It swung open and she bounded past me, brushing my arm with hers slightly.

"It smells good" she remarked as I followed her down the stairs, watching the muscles in her legs tighten and loosen with every step. "Is Mrs. McAdams a good cook?"

I made sure to clear my throat before answering.

"Definitely. We're having Lasagna - her specialty." Lily glanced back and smiled at me as we stepped into the kitchen, taking our seats at the table. Andi sat at the head of the table, with Laura next to me. Sasha was placed opposite her sister - leaving Lily in front of me.

During dinner Lily told us about her life back in Romania; her two parents Andrei and Gabriella, and her older sister Nadia. I wondered if Nadia, a twenty-four year old who was apparently an actress, was as beautiful as Lily. It was impossible, I thought. Lily was perfect.

Suddenly I felt something brush the back of my calf. It was soft and fleshy, and I realised it was Lily's leg. My cock twitched violently. Had that been on purpose? No, it couldn't have been. Then it happened again. This time I looked at Lily, and she looked away just as our eyes met. She seemed to be blushing, but that could have been her makeup.

Next I felt an elbow in my side - my daughter, Laura. I looked at her, and she nodded slightly in the direction of my plate. Looking down I realised that I had managed to push two forkfuls of food onto my tablecloth, which Andi seemed to notice at exactly the same time.

"I don't know how you manage to make such a mess, Craig." There was more than a hint of annoyance in her voice. Then Lily came to my rescue.

"I think it might have been my fault," she exclaimed shyly, and four sets of eyes fell upon her. "I accidentally kicked him under the table. Sorry, Mr. McAdams."

I smiled at her, wondering if she knew the real reason I had been absent minded enough to push food off the edge of my plate. I told her not to worry, as did Andi. I noticed Sasha and Laura grinning at each other.

We continued eating with the four women doing most of the talking. I ate in silence, only joining in with the conversation every now and again to make out I was listening. When everyone had finished I cleared the table, taking everyone's empty plates and cutlery into the kitchen. Normally we would chuck everything in the dishwasher but tonight I decided to wash up by hand, hoping to be left in peace. No such luck. I finished filling up the sink with hot water, piled the dirty stuff in, only to be interrupted by - who else - Lily.

"Craig, where are your cups?"

I motioned to the cupboard above the sink. I would have got out the way but before I could move Lily was next to me, pressing what felt like her entire body into mine. She giggled and apologised as she fumbled round with the cupboard door, only getting it open when she placed a hand round my back for support. After picking out a glass she remained pushed against me as she filled it with water, before mercifully stepping away. I let out the breath I had sucked in before she had grabbed me.

"Sorry for making you spill your food."

She sipped her water, keeping her eyes locked on mine. I tried to look calm, but when I went to speak my voice cracked. I cursed myself, but her demeanor didn't change. I coughed.

"Really, don't worry. It was my fault."

I hoped she would leave, but she continued to stare at me.

"No, if I hadn't kicked you Mrs. McAdams wouldn't have got angry."

"I think kick is a bit strong," I pointed out, trying to laugh. "And anyway, I don't think Andi was angry. She just hates mess."

Lily giggled.

"I'll try to remember that."

At first she seemed to turn away, but then she began to walk towards me. She placed her water on the side and kissed me softly on the cheek.

"Thank you for not being annoyed with me."

She smiled sweetly before kissing me again, then took her leave. I grabbed the counter for support as my knees buckled, my breathing became laboured and a huge hole seemed to form in my stomach. I heard Lily rejoin the others and their conversation started up again, as I tried to get on with the washing up as best I could.

--

Lily was pleased with how well things were going. Mr. McAdams was a mess, he had crumbled from two simple strokes with her leg, and when she had kissed him a few moments ago he looked like he was about to pass out. Sitting with Sasha, Laura and Andi she wondered how each would react if they knew her plans for Craig. Andi would probably chuck her out of their house without a moments' hesitation, but she wasn't so sure about the two daughter's.

Craig hadn't been the only one that Lily had toyed with during dinner. Laura had also felt the touch of the new housemate's leg on hers, twice more than Craig in fact, and Lily was sure at one point that Laura had returned the gesture. Sasha meanwhile was brushed frequently by Lily's hand, the close proximity of the two making it easy to touch the older of the two sisters. Neither had put a stop to the touching, and Laura especially had seemed to like it.

But Craig would be first.

--

After kissing Andi goodnight I reclined back in my leather office chair, placing my hands on the desk in front of me. Having a home office had proved to offer yet another use, this time keeping myself away from Lily who had spent the evening in the living room watching TV with my wife and daughters. Thankfully the excuse of 'having a lot of work to catch up on' had been bought, granting me a relatively hassle free evening browsing the internet.

Knowing Lily must have gone upstairs, I waited another 10 minutes or so just in case I encountered her as she got ready for bed. Finally I ventured out of my office for the first time in at least to hours, heading straight for the kitchen and a quick drink before venturing upstairs. Pouring myself a glass of orange juice I hoped that I would calm down over the next two months or so, otherwise they were going to be very, very long indeed.

--

Laura sat on the edge of her bed, idly thumbing through an old music magazine that had been poking out from under her bedside cabinet for months. She had changed into her pink pyjamas, but couldn't think why as she wasn't tired at all. She thought back to dinner time when Lily's leg had brushed hers, and how she had returned the gesture to no obvious reaction. For some reason that had disappointed Laura, although she was yet to figure out why.

Suddenly, a light knock at her door broke her train of thought.

"Who is it?" she said in as loud a whisper as she could manage.

"Lily," came the immediate reply, also in a whisper. "Can I come in?"

Laura jumped to her feet then wondered why she was in such a rush. She unlocked the door and welcomed Lily into her room, then shut it again. As they both took a seat on her bed Laura couldn't help but notice Lily's breasts, which were bursting to get out of the light pink nightie she had changed into. The nightie was short as well, barely coming down to the bottom of her arse cheeks, making her white panties clearly visible.

"What's the matter?" Laura asked, noting the look of concern on Lily's face.

"Nothing. I just... it's a bit embarrassing. I need to talk to you."

Laura was intrigued.

"What about?"

"It's... I can't really explain. I want to talk when everyone's asleep."

Now Laura was dying to know what was going on. Her mother, father and sister were all still downstairs, and probably wouldn't all be in bed for another hour at least.

"Can you come to my room in about two hours?" asked Lily. Two hours, that would be at around 1am. Laura knew she'd still be up then anyway.

"Sure. You sure you're OK to wait?"

Lily nodded, smiling sweetly. She got to her feet and straightened out her nightie, which had rode up completely above her waist. Laura couldn't help looking.

"Thank you, Laura. I'll make sure to stay awake."

With that, Lily turned and left. Laura wondered what on earth had to wait until everyone else in the house was asleep. Still, she thought to herself as she began to flip through her magazine again, it would be an interesting night.

Out in the hallway, Lily smiled. This was going perfectly. She was certain Mr. McAdams would be the last one up, probably just after his wife, who had already mentioned her bedtime of around midnight. Lily stepped into her room and looked at the black dildo lying in the middle of her bed. She wanted to play with it, but knew that waiting would make later even better.

--

I crept up the stairs, making sure to avoid every point I knew creaked or groaned whenever it was stepped on. The upper hallway was bathed in darkness, so I guessed - and hoped - everyone was asleep. I made it to the bathroom without making a sound, and went through my nightly routine before absent-mindedly turning the light off. It clicked, loudly, and I cursed, knowing full well everyone in the house could hear it when the wire hanging from the ceiling was tugged violently. I waited in the darkness for a few seconds, listening for signs of life, but heard nothing. Carefully I inched the door handle down before pushing the door open.

Almost as soon as I had opened the door, the hallway was lit dimly as another door opened. Lily's; shit. Out stepped the young Romanian, who had changed into the most revealing nightwear I had ever seen outside of a porn film.

"Night Lily, see you tomorrow."

Most host parents would have perhaps asked if she was alright. I couldn't, knowing that I couldn't control my thoughts whenever I was around her. Thinking I'd got away with it she walked past me only saying "goodnight" herself, but then I was stopped.

"Oh, Mr. McAdams, can I talk to you quickly?"
