 I opened my eyes straight into a beam of sunlight that was peeking in through a slit in the curtains. I groaned absent-mindedly, causing Andi to stir. Looking across at my waking wife I suddenly remembered everything that happened last night, feeling incredible guilt yet sensing my cock twinge in appreciation of what I had done. Andi rolled onto her back, her eyes glazed over, and stared into mine.

"Everything ok?"

She had picked up on 'it' - whatever the 'it' that covers fucking your 18 year old Romanian exchange student whilst your wife sleeps next door is - straight away. I cursed internally, whilst putting on my best false smile.

"Yeah, everything's fine. Sleep well?"

She nodded, a giddy smile spreading across her lips in fond remembrance of a deep sleep.

"Mmm... really well," she stretched her body out. "Getting Lily settled in was hard work."

My heart jumped into my throat and I quickly shifted myself out of bed. I pulled on a pair of slacks and an old t-shirt, closing the gap in the curtains as I walked past.

"You want any breakfast?"

Andi rolled back onto her stomach and folded an arm under her pillow.

"No thanks. Wake me up in a few hours."

I closed the door behind me leaving my wife to sleep.

Downstairs it was still fairly dim because all the curtains were still drawn. I didn't open them, instead choosing to have my toast and coffee in the dark. I sat at the kitchen table, replaying last night's events in my mind. I couldn't quite believe I had done what I had, cheating on my wife with our 18 year-old Romanian exchange student. I had never been unfaithful to Andi before that; I had never even been tempted by another woman. Lily was special though, I knew that much, and had known since I first saw her at the airport.

"Hey Dad."

My train of thought was interrupted by Sasha, my eldest daughter.

"Hey sweetheart," I replied, taking a large bite out of my toast. "Good night?"

That was my coded way of asking if she had any inkling of what I had done. She didn't, of course, it was simply my guilt making me paranoid.

"Yeah, watched TV for a bit then went to bed. You?"

I told her it had been a quiet one, then used my wife's line about settling Lily in being hard work. My stomach creased up, and I took a large sip of coffee to hide the discomfort on my face. We made small talk as Sasha made her own breakfast. I asked her if she had any plans for the day, she said she had some work to finish off. Typical, I thought, a few days before she heads back to Uni and she's only just finishing off her work.

Sasha headed back up to her room leaving me alone to finish my breakfast. When I was done I heard someone coming down the stairs, and I knew it was either Lily or Laura. I didn't want to see either of them after what had gone on last night, so, like a coward, I hurried to my office.

I sat staring at my blank monitor, listening intently for footsteps heading back upstairs. Instead there was a knock at my door. I remained silent, hoping whichever one of the two girls it was would go away, but they knocked again. I saw the doorknob turn down and grabbed the nearest bit of important looking paper to me, to try and seem like I was busy.

"Dad?"

Laura. She entered my office wearing the same pyjamas I had watched her strip out of last night. It was a battle to keep my eyes focused on hers, and stop myself from scanning one of the body's I had practically salivated over last night.

"Morning," I looked up and smiled. Laura smiled sheepishly back. I realised that she was probably feeling as awkward as me - without the guilt, clearly, but even so - I couldn't mention it though, or even let her know I was aware of it.

"Hi," she said, slumping down into a tatty old couch I hadn't bothered to move out of the room yet. "Why are you sitting in the dark?"

I realised the bit of paper I was holding to try and make myself look busy may have backfired slightly.

"It's too bright in here with the curtain open and the bulb's gone." I hoped she wouldn't get up and test the light.

"Oh," she shrugged, and I wondered if she'd actually heard my answer. "Listen, can I talk to you?"

Alarm bells suddenly went off. Talk about what? Not last night, surely... but what if she did? How could I even begin to talk about that without giving away that I knew more than I could possibly let on?

"Sure, is everything alright?"

She leaned forward and clasped her hands together.

"It's about Lily," my heart jumped into my throat. "How should I... you know, act around her?"

She must have mistaken the petrified look that I was certain was etched on my face as confusion.

"I mean, do girls from Romania behave like... a lot differently to us?"

I knew what she was asking. Was what happened last night with Lily 'normal' for girls back in Romania? Of course not, I knew, but saying not to treat her differently would just make her feel worse. Then again, if I said anything about them being different then who knows what I would be driving my daughter towards.

"Well," I started, not entirely sure where the sentence was going to go next. Laura watched me intently. "I guess there must be some differences, but you shouldn't treat her differently. Just do whatever feels right, you know?"

It was a bit of a copout, but what could I do? Laura pondered my answer then stood up, taking a step towards the door.

"I guess you're right," she grabbed the handle and pulled it towards her. "See you later."

I smiled and pretended to go back to my work. Laura shut the door behind her, then after a few moments I breathed a sigh of relief, grateful I had managed to control myself. There was another light knock at the door.

"Come in," I said, guessing it must be Laura again. I heard the door open.

"There you are."

My eyes shot up. Lily was in my office, still in her nightwear - an obscenely small pair of light blue panties, and a loose fitting, plain white t-shirt that finished well above her belly button. A knowing smile was plastered across her perfect face.

"You weren't in your bed so I wondered where you were."

I couldn't believe she had gone into my room. I wanted to shout at her, put her in her place, but I bottled it, just like last night.

"Did you see Laura?"

My brain had seemed to see what was about to happen, I was really asking if Laura had seen her. Lily nodded and walked towards me.

"Mmm-hmm, she's in the kitchen."

She dragged her fingertips across my desk as she walked around it.

"Don't worry, she didn't see me."

She was now stood in front of me, idly stroking her tummy, lifting the bottom of her top up to expose the underside of her breasts.

"Lily, you can't... I mean we... look. What happened last night..."

"Was fun, wasn't it? I enjoyed it, and I think you did to."

My face fell, defeated. Again.

"Don't worry Craig, I won't tell anyone."

I looked back up. Her nipples were clearly hard, poking through the fabric of her top.

"And what was all that with Laura?" There was a hint of anger in my voice this time, but it didn't seem to bother Lily. She shrugged, then perched herself on the edge of my desk and placed her bare feet in my lap.

"I thought it would be fun. Laura is very pretty."

Her feet began to stroke my thighs, moving upwards before meeting just above my cock. They began to go back down towards my knees again.

"So is Sasha, but Laura is..." She took her feet off my lap and laughed softly. "Well, you know. I think you enjoyed watching us."

She lifted her right leg so her foot was on my desk, spreading her legs wide open. There was a large damp spot on the front of her panties, which she caressed with her fingers.

"Lily, Laura is my daughter, ok? Don't ever do anything like that again."

Lily continued to stroke herself, staring at me; probably trying to work out if I was really being serious.

"And what we did won't happen again, alright? It was a mistake."

Her eyes immediately dropped to my crotch. I was hard; my cock was tenting the front of my slacks. Without a word she dropped off the desk, sinking to her knees as she landed. She dived towards my boner, kissing it through the fabric of my trousers.

My breathing quickened and I tried to force myself to push her away, get up, or do anything that would put a stop to this. I felt paralysed though, and when she looked up at me and saw no attempt to stop her she stroked the tip of my cock through my pants, then grabbed a fistful the grey material that was the only thing separating her from what she wanted.

I lifted myself slightly and she pulled both my slacks and boxers down to my ankles. I couldn't bring myself to look down at her so rested my head against the back of my chair, closed my eyes and tried to think of anything but sex.

All hopes of that were ended when Lily licked the underside of my shaft though as pre-cum seemed to erupt from me. I looked down just as Lily took my cock into her mouth, gripping the bottom of my shaft with her hand. She began to plunge up and down, then started to twist her head as well with each pump of her neck. I could see her pink lips glistening with my juices mixed with her own saliva, which left a trail almost all the way down to the base.

She removed my hard-on from her mouth and lifted my cock, exposing my tingling, churning ballsack. She licked it once, then began to suck on each testicle individually. It took all my willpower to stop myself from squirting onto my stomach right then.

My sack was damp and warm as she took my cock back into her eager mouth, and quickly got back to her twisting-plunging rhythm. I found my arms flailing about and needed to grab something, so I placed my hands on the back of her head and grabbed two fistfuls of hair. I pushed her head down, forcing the entire length of my cock into her throat, only letting her back up when her chest began to spasm violently as she choked.

She didn't stop or complain however, and just carried on with her work. I could feel her swallowing as I shot my load into her, sending a massive amount of my seed down her throat. She drank it all though, then lapped at the head of my cock for every last drop. Like last night she made sure to clean me up, and I was still half erect when she got to her feet and rearranged herself, trying to make herself presentable - as presentable as you could in that outfit.

We kissed like hungry lovers before she left, her hands running through my hair as our lips and teeth and tongues clashed. I put my pants back on and went back to staring at my blank monitor, having once again let Lily get the better of me.

-

Lily stepped out into the hall and licked her lips. She savoured the taste of Mr. McAndrews' cum, the lining of her mouth still coated in his juices. She once again checked her nightie and hair, before heading for the kitchen.

-

Laura spooned her cereal idly. She thought about what her father had said, and hoped she hadn't hurt Lily's feelings last night. Kissing Lily had felt unlike every kiss she had shared with boys, Lily was soft and delicate; almost loving. Every part of her body had wanted to continue, but she had got cold feet and run back to her room. The orgasm she had had in bed not long after was the most intense Laura had ever experienced, and the one she'd had before getting up this morning wasn't far off that.

Hearing movement Laura looked up, and her eyes were filled with the sight of an anxious looking Lily stepping into the kitchen.

"Hi."

Lily stopped and waited for Laura's response. Laura dropped her spoon into her cereal, unable to take her eyes off the girl that had seemed to infect her mind.

"Hi."

An awkward silence passed between the two. Laura looked at the floor, then back up at Lily, who was also unsure where to look.

"Laura, I'm truly sorry that I scared you last night."

Lily sounded like she was on the verge of tears. Instinctively Laura got to her feet, then almost tiptoed towards her.

"I wasn't scared, I've just never... you know."

Lily looked up; her eyes glistening.

"Never what?"

Laura knew she was going to have to say it.

"Kissed a girl."

Lily seemed shocked, her mouth widening slightly.

"Really? You've never even kissed your friends?"

Laura shook her head.

"No, not once."

"Oh," Lily looked incredibly self aware. "I should have realised things were different here to Romania. I'm sorry."

Laura couldn't believe she had so insensitive. With no experience to tell her otherwise she fully believed Lily's suggestion that girls behaving like, well, that was anything other than normal.

"No, it's my fault. You don't have to be sorry."

Laura hugged Lily, who in return wrapped her hands around Laura's waste and stroked her back slightly. Laura felt a sudden throbbing sensation in her pussy, and pulled away.

"So," Laura began quickly, not wanting to appear scared again. "Do all the girls in Romania kiss other girls?"

Lily grinned sheepishly.

"Yes. Would you believe you if I told you that girls that don't are considered weird?"

Laura's nervous laugh seemed to ease the tension.

"Do you mind if I show you how girls greet each other back home?"

Conscious that she'd already hurt Lily once, Laura was eager not to do anything else to upset their new houseguest.

"Sure."

Lily knew she was being bold, but Laura had seemed eager last night - she was just a little shy.

"Ok. Stand up straight and put your hands down by your side. Just look at my eyes, alright?"

Laura nodded and did as she was told, and Lily stepped towards her. She felt a pair of hands come to rest on her hips, then Lily's breasts pushed into hers.

"Now put your hands on me, the same as mine."

Laura did, slowly placing her palms on Lily's sides. Her fingers and thumbs flicked down to make contact with Lily's bare skin one by one, and then she was ready for the next instruction.

"Close your eyes."

Laura's last vision was of Lily's head slowly inching towards hers, and then Lily was pressing her lips to hers. They were open slightly, but unlike last night there was no tongue, instead the kiss simply lingered on her lips. Lily tasted strange, Laura thought to herself, an unusual, almost salty flavour she couldn't quite put her finger on.

The taste seemed to remain even after Lily had pulled away, releasing her hands from Laura's hips. Laura's hands remained where they were though, until Lily removed them for her.

"Wow," said Laura, breathlessly. She couldn't quite believe that a simple greeting was so intense.

"Do you think that's weird?"

Lily was waiting for Laura's approval.

"No, just... different."

Laura still felt as if she was struggling to recapture her breath.

"Do you mind if we keep doing it?" asked Lily.

Laura shook her head, then smiled.

"I'd like that."

Lily beamed back at her.

"Thank you. It will be nice having someone who I can do it with here."

Laura enjoyed another hug from Lily, her pussy still pulsating. Laura watched Lily as she left and then quickly sat down, feeling that her legs were almost about to give way. She took a deep breath in and then ran her tongue across her lips, once again tasting Lily's kiss.

-

I sat in my office until it was time to wake Andi, then took a long, cold shower. I found myself wondering what Lily would look like soaking wet, and before long I was masturbating again. My cock hadn't seen this much action in years, probably since I was Lily's age I realised, just before shooting my cum down the plughole.

I washed properly and got dressed incredibly slowly, putting off going downstairs for as long as possible.

When I finally stepped into the lounge Andi seemed to give me a dirty look, whilst Lily only briefly looked away from her conversation with Sasha to meet my gaze, then my crotch.

My wife got to her feet and walked out of the room, indicating I should follow her. In the hallway, in hushed tones, she asked me why I had been avoiding everyone.

"I haven't been avoiding anyone, what are you talking about?"

Andi put her hands on her hips.

"Come on, Craig. We're supposed to be making Lily feel at home and you've barely said a word to her."

My stomach tensed up.

"That's only because she's got far more in common with you and the girls."

Andi looked incredulous, as if I was blaming her for that. In truth, that's probably what it had sounded like.

"So what are you saying? You won't even make an effort?"

I remained silent, not entirely sure what I could say. Andi stared at me intently, then an idea seemed to pop into her head.

"Tell you what; Lily has to go into the college tomorrow and fill in some forms. Why don't you take her?"

I didn't really have a choice. I nodded, wondering why my wife seemed to trust me so much. She seemed to be actively encouraging me to bond with a beautiful, young woman. I guiltily traipsed back into the lounge, perhaps suddenly realising just how badly I had betrayed my wife, and took a seat facing Lily. I didn't want to look at her, but knew I had to appease Andi, who had followed me back into the room.

Every time there was a lull in Lily and Sasha's conversation my wife glared at me expectantly, waiting for me to start bonding with this girl who, in her mind, I had barely seen, barely acknowledged. Finally I managed to pluck up the courage to ask Lily a question.

"So Lily," I said, my voice, thankfully, holding together. "Is this your first time outside of Romania?"

Alright, so it wasn't the most original of questions, but it seemed to make Andi happy. Lily seemed a bit surprised that I had spoken to her in front of two thirds of my family, pausing momentarily before answering.

"Yes, my family can't afford holidays, so we've always been in Romania. I didn't even have a passport until last month."

I didn't really care about the answer, but followed my wife and daughter's lead by reacting with mock disbelief and wonder.

"Does anyone know where Laura is?"

My eyes shot to Lily, who had asked her question whilst staring at me. She was toying with me, I thought, struggling not to react.

"In her room," answered Andi. "Do you want me to go and get her?"

She was treating Lily like a helpless child. I wondered if she would ever realise what our Romanian guest was really like.

"No, I was just wondering where she is. I haven't seen her since yesterday."

Once again Lily looked at me as she spoke, something that somehow neither Andi or Sasha picked up on. I sneered at her, trying to warn her with my eyes alone not to push this any further. After my monumental cave-in earlier however I knew she wouldn't take me seriously.

The three women started to talk again, and instead of leaving I sat there just to show my wife everything was normal.

The torture finally ended when Andi asked me to go out and pick up something for dinner; an errand I accepted gladly. As I left I passed Laura, who had just come down the stairs. What I saw shocked me, and a brief but disturbing thought about my little girl passed through my mind.

I had never seen her dressed like that before, I thought to myself as she disappeared into the lounge. A sky blue halter top with a 'v' shaped neckline that didn't close until it got to below her breasts, and light denim skirt that stopped well above her knees. I couldn't help but think she was dressed like that for Lily.

I tried to put that thought out of my mind as Sasha and Andi came out into the hall, said goodbye to me and then headed in separate directions; my wife into the kitchen and daughter upstairs. I tried to get a quick glance into the lounge at Laura and Lily, but had no luck. Heading to my car I knew that I should put a stop to whatever Lily was doing to my family, but also knew that I simply couldn't control myself around her.
