 Note: All characters are 18 or over. Chapter 2 coming very soon. Thanks for reading :)

*

"Yes, I have my passport." I reassured my mum for about the thousandth time as she kissed me on the head wishing me luck and telling me to have a good time. I was relieved to walk through the sliding doors into the terminal at Heathrow to the sight of all my friends.

Our flight was leaving in three hours: plenty of time to go round the shops with them and generally have fun. We were going to Spain, on a Spanish exchange with our school.

"Ah, Rob, could I have a word?" came the voice of my Spanish teacher just as I was wondering what my guy would be like. Well, I hoped he had FIFA for a start... I hurriedly waved goodbye to my mother before jogging over to Miss Davies, who was flicking through a folder.

"Now Rob, I'm afraid Carlos, who you were going to be staying with, has had to pull out of the exchange at the last minute."

"Oh, that's a shame" I said politely, whilst in actual fact I was quite looking forward to staying with one of my friends' exchanges. "So, I suppose I'll have to stay with Mark then?" I said hopefully.

"No, I'm afraid that house is full, but luckily we've managed to secure someone at the last minute. Her name is Lilliana, and she's kindly agreed to let you stay with her family for the tour."

She said, handing me a piece of paper with her name, phone number, address and picture on.

"That's alright, I assume?" she said, smiling up at me, as if there were nothing wrong with sharing a house with a Spanish girl I had never met before and giving me a look that made it clear that it was a hypothetical question.

"Err... yeah, um... of course." I replied, flustered.

"Brilliant. I'm sure you two will get on fine."

I looked down at her picture and had to admit she was kind of hot. She had piercing green eyes and long flowing blonde hair and there was really no other way of describing her than beautiful It's not like I don't look good myself: I guess I could be called hot. I'm not cocky like the guys who think they're God's gift to women, but I do get quite a bit of attention from the ladies.

I go to the gym a lot so I have a six pack and am very muscly. I have short brown hair and blue eyes and most girls say I'm cute. I'm 18 and I go to an ordinary school, and have a pretty ordinary life. Well, at least I did until I met Lilliana. I shoved the paper into my pocket and went to join with my friends.

 § § § § § § § § § § § § § § § § § §