 N.B. As with all 'Louisa' stories, this is a true and accurate account of what happened. Only the names have been changed. This took place when I was between partners and using a well-known dating site in 2007. Enjoy!

*

"Hi Louisa, I've been reading your profile and looking at your photos. You seem like a very exciting woman. I know you say you're only interested in men over 45, but if you meet up with me I'll show you what a younger man can do! Rob."

His profile photo had come up on the internet dating site, and in the dim light of my bedsit, his image glowed alluringly.

"Dear Rob, one of the reasons I prefer older men is because they are not impudent, nor improper, unless I tell them to be..."

For some reason I had slipped into a Dominatrix persona without realising it. I liked this. It could be fun to toy and tease...

"...How old are you, 25? I would chew you up and spit you out before you knew what was coming. Don't waste my time, go find yourself some lithe little thing that you can go out and play with. Kind regards, Louisa"

It would be interesting to see if he responded to this tack. It was difficult to get a realistic impression of the men on this site, or any site for that matter. I had discovered that most people write descriptions of their ideal character rather than admit to the reality of the fact that none of us are perfect. Usually a few years and pounds are taken off, and a few inches added where it matters. Once I met with someone with whom I had exchanged endless witty insightful emails, only to find a podgy, blindingly boring man who had obviously taken hours to compose replies to my glib comments. Another once- only 'date' which I'd been looking forward to as this guy seemed to have a terrific sense of humour, turned out to be an intense nervous character, devoid of any trace of humour, but could quote whole paragraphs from Monty Python, Marx Brothers, you name it. 

Oh, the trials of being single again. However, to be honest, I did love the thrill of coming home to the lonely little flat, and turning on the computer to find a deluge of enthusiastic replies or enquiries. I had been with this dating agency for two weeks, and had only met up with one man so far. Due to the very 1-D communication mode, most unusually for me I had failed to pick up on this guy's insecurities, and ended up with the only impotent man I had ever met. Well, naturally he didn't remain impotent that night. I just see impotence as a challenge. Never to be outdone, I gave that happy rotund man the night of his life. Still, having vanquished that challenge, I decided to be more forward about what I wanted.

My computer gave that happy little hiccup indicating someone had sent mail.

"Oh god woman, you've just got me so hard I had to take it out and give it a good jerk. I haven't had a fuck for 8 weeks and I'm horny as hell. Talk to me some more so I can wank off, then I might be able to talk some more about when we can meet."

I was so taken aback with the lewd frankness of this reply that I stood up and backed away from the luminous words, as if distancing myself could alter what they were saying. Standing there staring at the screen I could feel myself incredibly turned on, my pussy alive and tingling, full of images of this gorgeous young thing with a huge erection, wanking over the thought of me. I had to play this one; the more pleasure I gave, the more I would get out of it. Despite a crying desire just to masturbate myself into a sloppy frenzy, I resolved to tease this one out.

I enlarged his picture, slowly drew my dress off, and slipped my damp pungent panties down until they bound my ankles. I allowed myself one slick touch of that hot silky cunt, and rubbed my juices into my finger tips. 

"How dare you." I typed, fingers poking at the alphabet, trying to decide which potent words to give him. Imagination is our most vibrant sexual organ, and stimulation with a stream of suggestive comments is just as exciting as the slickest tongue on the tightest clit.

"I didn't give you permission to touch yourself. Leave it quivering there and don't touch it until I tell you to. Now put your hands behind your head and slide forward in the chair so your hips are free to move."

"OK!" came an instant reply.

"I said hands behind your head. I don't want another word out of you. You're nothing but a cock to me, so clench your butt tight, raise your hips and make it harder still. Now here I am, nearly naked with my panties round my ankles. My pussy is so wet that it's running. Imagine me now, immediately in front of you. Push that cock high up for me. My tits are rubbing against your face as I mount you. Sit back! Nothing apart from your cock is allowed to touch me. I manoeuvre my engorged clitoris over the tip of that erection, and rub myself up and down the length of you. Push yourself up hard, I'm ready for you now. AH! My whole cunt is filled with your steel rod, oh man, you're so big and hard...Fuck me, now, fuck me."

As soon as I had finished writing I too slid myself to the edge of my seat and fingered myself into a prolonged orgasm, grunting like an animal as I came again and again full of images of hot spunk spurting out of that impossibly big cock. Eventually my pulse slowed and my eyes refocused on the screen. Everything was slow, quiet, peaceful. I could just drop off to sleep, but no, the screen blipped and there was Rob again. I suddenly had the horrible realisation that I had just had cyber sex with a complete stranger, after only exchanging a few sentences. Not exactly what the agency recommends. Did I feel like a slut? No, I felt like an Amazon queen.

"Shit, that was totally amazing. I've never done anything like that before. You're so sexy. I've got to meet you so I can make you feel that good. Where, when? Don't say no, I know you want it too."

I hesitated for a few minutes. He was probably nothing like his photo and what must he think of me after what had just happened? What did I think of myself for that matter? It suddenly occurred to me that I had loved every brief minute of it, and had no qualms about satisfying my own sexual needs, as long as no-one got hurt as the cliché goes. 

There is something abandoned and indulgent about masturbation. I like to pleasure myself regularly, even when I'm in a satisfying relationship. I like the selfishness of the act, quality time. It is a completely different thing when you allow someone else to watch. It then becomes a sexual game. This mutual cyber masturbation was a new level of play for me, and apparently for Rob too. Did I want to meet the real Rob, or would I be satisfied with this virtual fuck which we had both just enjoyed? One downside of DIY is that although it is satisfying at the time, it leaves me hungry for real raw sex, the intimacy of skin, sweat, filthy language and passionate thrusts. I wanted to explore him, and I sensed a very hot hungry lover at the other end of this line.

As if reading my mind, or merely correctly interpreting the silence, he added,"Come on Louisa. I'm not a weirdo. I'd really like to meet you. I think we could have lots of fun together, no strings. How about tomorrow? You name any time and place you're happy with. Meet me, please."

"Well now that's better." I replied "You only had to say please."

I slept soundly that night, assisted by two large glasses of Rioja as a night cap. I awoke feeling energised and randy as hell. Unfortunately I had to hurry off to work, but checked my email quickly before I left.

"Woke up this morning with all 8 ½ inches standing to attention in your honour. I'm walking around with a permanent stiff and don't know how I'm going to get thro my 9am meeting. Let me know when we can meet, it's not an option any more, I need to get my hands on your ass and fuck you til you scream. Rob"

Well he didn't mince his words, and they certainly had the desired effect; I was hot, wet and ready for his (8 ½ really?) frustrated cock. At 7.30am, it seemed like it was going to be a long day...

Thankfully it was extremely hectic at work. Nursing is an all absorbing job so my mind and hands were kept busy all morning. Come lunchtime I was exhausted, and found a quiet corner to check my emails and think about what to do next. Now that I had space to think, I realised that I had actually already made the decision to meet him, and soon. I was every bit as eager as he was, not only sexually excited, witnessed by my dampened knickers, but full of anticipation of explosive indulgent sex. 

I couldn't believe how intense this was, considering that 24 hours before I hadn't even known of his existence. Part of me was anxious about actually meeting him, was he as attractive as his photos suggested? In short, would I like him? However, the sexual animal in me was pacing around its cage, sensing the proximity of its mate, every sense alert, glands engorged, lubricated in readiness for imminent copulation. No amount of pussy-footing around was going to subdue this ravenous beast. I needed to fuck him.

"Louisa, where are you? Don't tell me you've gone cold on me, cos I'm struggling with this image of us showering together, soap all over your big tits and my soapy cock shafting you from the shower to your bed. When? When? A very hard day at work. Rob."

He had sent this mid-morning. I was delighted to have kept him waiting so long and hard. It was time to be merciful and put him out of his misery. How delicious to toy with him, the feeling of power just increased my excitement.

"You're a very impatient boy. I may decide to punish you, by making you wait to lap my soft slick pussy. Come to 5/8 Stuart Rd at 7pm and I will decide what to do with you then."

Almost immediately he shot back a reply, which was just as well as my lunch-break was almost over. 

"Don't know if I can hold out that long, I'm so fucking horny I could cum in 2 jerks. You'll be getting a load of hot spunk the minute I'm through your door, then the fun can begin. What will you wear? I suspect you've got all sorts of sexy stuff. Tell me before I explode."

"I won't have time to change out of my uniform before you arrive, so you'll have to take it off for me, and my red cami-knickers, stockings and suspenders too." I could almost hear him groan, I was due to be back in the ward, but this was addictive, they'd have to wait.

"Are you honestly telling me that you're wearing that gear right now, at work!? No way!"

He had played right into my hands. I always wear stockings and suspenders at work. Stockings are so much cooler when you're rushing around all day. But my main reason for this rather unusual choice is that I love to know that, underneath my drab uniform, I look and feel like a porn star. It gives me a thrill, and if a patient, or fellow member of staff notices the outline of a suspender through my skirt, or catches a glimpse of a stocking top when I'm bending over, well I'm sure it does their circulation the world of good. I've certainly never had any complaints!

I walked back towards the ward, stopping at the staff toilets on the way. Hitching up my skirt, I switched my Blackberry to 'camera' and took a couple of photos of my stockinged thighs, and crotch. I emailed them to him and then switched it off. I preferred to imagine his response, and I suspected it would involve him taking a quick trip to the toilets too. 

The afternoon dragged. No matter how hard I tried to concentrate on my paperwork, my cunt was on red alert and wouldn't calm down. It seemed to have a mind of its own, and was very much thinking of only one thing. I was literally wriggling in my seat, my knickers a damp strip pressing against my slippery labia. I could smell my juices and felt like bitch in heat, I half expected the charge nurse Jim, to start sniffing under my skirt, turn me backwards and fuck me doggie style whilst giving handover report. I was glad that I didn't have a penis. It would be waving about like a flagpole! I imagined Rob struggling with this dilemma which only got me hornier than ever.

Finally it was time for home. I stopped in at the shops on the way and bought a bottle of Chablis and a red Rioja, some tapas and a baguette. I really didn't know quite how to handle the transition from the anonymity of emails to the intimacy of touch. Something traditional in me was denying the fact that we were meeting in order to have sex and lots of it. A glass of wine and a nibble whilst we chatted and got to know each other...I really didn't know, but better to be prepared anyway.

I showered and shaved; I always keep my pussy clean, all the better to lick you my dear! Once happy that my body was soft, fragrant and looking good, I moved to the issue of what to wear. I had told a little white lie to Rob, I wouldn't have dreamt of letting him see me in my actual uniform; it was about as sexy as a bank statement. However, I did have one uniform left over from my nurse training days. It was far too small for working purposes, but I had worn it to a fancy dress party once. The zip no longer went farther than my iconic cleavage, and it was alarmingly short on the thighs, I must have grown since I was 17. A pair of sheer black stockings topped by fresh red lace suspenders and thong looked rather fetching, brought into sharp focus by a pair of black patent heels. I tied my hair up loosely and put on just a little red lipstick.

It suddenly occurred to me that I had been so busy getting ready, I hadn't checked my mail. I sat down with a large glass of Chablis and switched the messenger on. Three from Rob, at various points through the afternoon. Although still full of references to stiff cocks and being hornier than hell, there was a definite ring of anxiety between the lines. I was quite relieved, it made him human, rather than Mr.Cool, and I could certainly empathise with him. I resolved to send a prim reply, returning to our role play, thereby providing a facade for both of us to hide behind, rather like wearing a mask. However on reflection my response displayed an equal measure of apprehension, the blasé references to genitalia sounding like bravado, rather unconvincing. I ended the message with "...Get yourself round here now. I'm ready and waiting."

I wanted to get this awkwardness over with and slip back into the groove which had fired us both up like furnaces for the last couple of days. 

He must have been close by because within 5 minutes the doorbell rang. I checked the peep hole before answering. Dressed like this I didn't want to open the door to someone doing the electoral role! Yes, that was him, the distorted image through the concave glass was familiar enough. With a quick adjustment to my dress I smiled and opened up.

I ushered him in quickly and shut the door behind me. He was taller than I had imagined, just as attractive and he smelt divine. I was surprised by his soft light blue jersey, for some reason it seemed incongruous with the image I had in my fantasies. We smiled and tossed around a couple of awkward greetings. Suddenly it was Rob who was in control, for all my dreams of being a dominatrix. 

He drew me towards him and kissed me gently, almost formally. The sensation of his mouth, the touch of his skin and feeling the outline of his body was enough to stir the flames again. As if a switch had been turned on, we both lunged at each other. His tongue thrust into my wet eager mouth, his hands grabbed at my tits and pulled the zip open to allow my encased breasts to escape into his eager palms. The dress slid onto my shoulders, pinning my arms to my sides. Not enough, he pressed his hard hips into me and took my ass in his hands, roaming over the sensation of thong straps and suspenders encircling soft shapely buttocks. I was aware of the extent of his hard on as it pressed against my belly. I was beside myself with lust as I had never experienced before. He was so unknown, yet I could do whatever I wanted to him and him to me. I pulled my arms free and the uniform crumpled onto the hall floor.

Desperate to get his clothes off I pulled him to the comfort of the bedroom and proceeded to hurriedly undress him, kissing, licking rubbing every area of skin exposed as jersey, shirt, trousers came off. Oh, there he was, a huge proud penis, glistening and roaring, urgent and imperious. I fell to my knees and sucked on his whole length, I was so hungry I thrust him in and out, no time for my usual teasing and foreplay. Air hissed through his clenched teeth as he strained upwards, his hands rummaging through my hair. His balls were as tight as kiwi fruits, his scrotum like a dam holding in all that raging spunk. My fingers circled and held them as I shafted his turgid member.

Unable to wait any longer I raised my head, my mouth and chin covered in salacious saliva. "Fuck me now", it was difficult to even speak, all functions were at animalistic level. Crawling over to the bed, I leaned over and offered up my ass and pussy. His hands were immediately between my thighs, tearing the thin fabric of the thong aside, his fingers diving into the well of wet cunt. I felt him directing his cock and without warning it was inside, full, throbbing and intense. He was bigger than anyone I had fucked for a long time, and the feeling of being stretched and filled was incredible. He rammed hard into me, a vague awareness of shouts and groans coming from either him, me or both. He grabbed both breasts as they flopped to and fro with the rhythm and pressed even further, getting harder, faster.

Suddenly he withdrew, part of me was impressed at his control, the rest of me was angry at the interruption and desperate to have him back inside. I turned onto my back and had a good look at him standing over me as his eyes surveyed my exposed body. Without a word he climbed between my legs, thrusting them apart and glided into the depths of me. My back arched throwing my hips forward taking every thrust deeply. I could feel his pubis against my clit as he rocked inside, my cunt filled and as his pace quickened and intensified, I finally flooded into a screaming cum, writhing and grabbing him closer and tighter into me. I felt his jets shoot inside, Jesus he was so deep, we merged into one clasping sticky mesh as we came over each other, gradually releasing and breathing deeply.

We lay for a while, sipping wine and floating easy conversation. I was amazed at how relaxed we were; a feeling that nothing else was expected, everything had been given, and nothing else mattered. After a while the conversation came round to how we had been feeling over the previous 48 hours. We exchanged stories of how horny we'd been. I told him of feeling like a bitch in heat with my cunt constantly wet, he told of how he'd had to leave a meeting with his briefcase pressed against his determined hard on.

This talk somehow filtered into my erectile tissue and I was incredulously aware of my nipples hardening, and my clitoris stiffening yet again. I shifted my hips and felt that he too was rousing once more. His hands caressed and explored my curves, fingers tracing the tiny scar running below my belly button. His kisses followed his hands, and the proximity of his luscious mouth to my clit sent me soaring. My legs opened like a vacuum and he was sucked into the vortex of my pussy. His lips and tongue lapped around my lips then circled round my erection, sucking it in blissful pulses until I was moaning in pleasure. One hand drifted up to rub my nipple and squeeze my taught breast. I dissolved into a surreal orgasm, floating gently above some magnetism between my legs. As my sighs subsided he climbed up, and fully erect again entered me confidently. We looked at each other as we rode, bodies moving comfortably together. We moved around the bed, exploring positions, angles, feeling what pleased and what teased. 
