 Christina brushed away the strand of straight brown hair that had stuck to her cheek.

Waiting by the luggage carousel was probably the thing she hated most about airports, though night flights and navigating airport hallways and corridors weren't that far down the list either and she knew she'd have to endure them all tonight.

She was still feeling a bit hazy from the short sleep she'd managed to take and the spinning carousels and frantic chatter were really messing with her tense nerves. 

As if luck itself acknowledged how close Christina was to breaking point, she made sure that her baggage was the first passenger from her flight to lift her luggage from the carousel. She hurried through passport control and raced the little man on the "Exit" signs to the terminal's exit and into the waiting rooms where a sign with her name in the hands of a nervous, short haired eighteen year old called out to her. 

"Not bad", she thought to herself upon seeing his shy smile and hazel eyes, and she laughed inwards at the insanity of such thoughts in her current state. They'd arranged that she'd wear a simple black blouse over ripped jeans and sneakers so that he'd recognize her, though not a really original outfit, it all apparently worked out because the guy fumbled to let go of the sign and shake her hand.

"I'm Damien, welcome to the states", he said with a wide smile

"Christina, pleased to finally be here" she replied, with half-jokingly raised, delicate eyebrows. "Sorry if I'm not much of a talker on the way to your place", she added, "I'm tired as hell".

It was a comfortable ride home, though Christina felt it would have been more comfortable if he didn't keep studying her all the time. She was turned to the side looking out of the window from her inclined passenger seat, and he could feel her eyes on her exposed lower back all the time. She hoped her thong wasn't showing but she didn't really care enough to do anything.

Damien's glances became more frequent as his arousal grew. His eyes followed the cute little trench of her spine-line until it disappeared under a daring black thong that accentuated the butt he'd noticed since their encounter at the airport.

So firm looking and inviting, and although not big, it playfully jutted out in two round, toned cheeks that stretched her denim trousers to bursting point. Even the mere inch of it plus the undergarment that was now on display was enough to form a tent on the front of Damien's pants the likes of which he had rarely experienced.

He must have been fifteen minutes from his place when he decided that it had all become unbearable. He began to slide his hand down towards his pole but he snapped out of it when he heard Christina begin to shuffle. He froze for a second wandering if she had seen something but he soon realized she had simply turned around in her sleep.

Now, he was faced with her relaxed Mediterranean face, her big almond shaped eyes closed under her thin delicate eyebrows and slowly breathing through her small nose, not a stereotypical Hollywood star nose, hers was slightly down turning but it blended greatly with the rest of the face. He let his eyes wander over her warm-looking mouth and rounded chin, lingered over the cherry red lips for a while, and then further down to her firm torso with the close hugging blouse that left little to the imagination, you could practically see the outline of the bra strap, from when it ran over the shoulder all the way down to where it connected with the cups that covered her breasts. They weren't obscenely big or anything, just the size that would snugly fill a large male palm and they made Damien's driving a real challenge.

But the real challenge posed itself when he finally brought the car to a halt outside his place – showing his guest to her room without her noticing his erection. He decided he'd get her bag first, then wake her up whilst holding it in front of his crotch and carry it in that manner all the way to her room.

It was all nice and dandy until he had to put the bag down. It was then that he realized that his tool was jutting out obscenely instead of growing parallel to his leg in his boxers, a second too late it seemed, because his guest looked up from her new bed on which she had sat and that aura of elegance that her face usually gave off, was now screaming 100% mischief instead. 

"How cute" was the only thing she said and to Damien's surprise she pulled her blouse over her head and threw it to hang on his tool before sliding under the bed sheets and taking off her jeans there. 

"Goodnight Damien", she added, before reaching for the light switch above her bedpost.

He stood in the dark, dumbfounded for several long seconds before he spun around on his heels and headed for the bathroom, her blouse still hanging from his pole, but he decided against wasting tonight's sperm... he wanted it in or on Christina.. he wanted her bad.

It was a hard night for him, in all the meanings of the word, and he was glad to be up the next morning, at least collage would help get his mind off her and relax for a bit. She was cold throughout the morning, with the exception of a wink here and there, she didn't even let him show her around the collage grounds, but the epitome came when he spotted her at the parking lot around noon with her hand around the person that Damien despised the most in the campus – some idiot jock kazanova called Steve, who obviously thought he could have any girl he liked. He even spanked her derriere when she began to walk towards Damien who was silently fuming in rage and envy. 

"Hey Dam, you've got some interesting guys around here"

"It's a shame I haven't met any of them yet", was the solemn reply which seemed to elicit an enigmatic smile from her.

The enigmatic behavior persisted all throughout the afternoon, but for Damien it all came to a head late in the afternoon. He was sure he had heard heels clicking in the corridor outside his bedroom, and when the door opened his guest let him know that she'd be going out with Steve for some coffee.

He barely had time to take in the image of the girl with the black stiletto high heels, black dress and dark, kitsch stockings before he near exploded.

"You can't date him", he snapped.

"Excuse me?" came the amused reply.

"He's a jerk, I'd rather you actually got to know people around here before dating them or at least ask me what they are like first"

"And I'd rather date whoever I like and draw my own conclusions thank you very much." 

She was just about to slam the door

"Your heels are absurdly hot." He tried to catch her off guard...

"I'll lend them to you in the morning hours to help you jerk off if you want, after I've worn them in bed with Steve." She might as well have slapped him.

She slammed the door and left him there, dick twitching dangerously with every dying click of her heels. He was devastated. Disappointed and embittered as ever, in his rage he was beginning to understand what pushed some people to hate crimes and even manslaughter. Was this the girl that he had developed such a huge crush on? His humiliation was only matched by his anger. When he got up he realized he was trembling. 

He managed to get out of his bedroom, and descended the stairs to the kitchen, even contemplating suicide with the bread knife. 

Suddenly someone grabbed him in a vice grip from behind. He felt a tongue nibbling his ear, a pair of lips pulling on his ear lobe.

"You almost died of jealousy, didn't you big boy?" somebody said in a breathless chuckle. He then felt his attacker's hand rub his groin through his trousers as she licked and kissed her way down his neck. He was frozen with overwhelming confusion. Totally speechless.

"What, you seriously thought I liked that idiot? I almost slapped him when he spanked me today. I don't know how I managed to hold back."

His cock was a full mast again.

"I get off on mind games you know. I guess I omitted that when I introduced myself at the airport."

His foggy mind was still stringing the pieces together as she pushed him face-first onto the couch. He turned his head around to get a glimpse at her this time. There she was above him, straight brown hair framing the blushing cheeks, as her hands fumbled with his belt buckle. Off went the jeans, and the back of his underwear was pulled to just under his butt cheeks and no further since it was caught on his dick in front. She placed one knee of the arm of the couch and reached behind her to pull off one heel with the right hand.

"Say something, anything" she said.

Damien felt a hard cold object probe the entrance to his anus. He muffled a few frantic "no"s in between grunts, but his dick twitched wildly, smacking against his stomach where it left a few sticky spots.

"Your mouth and your body don't seem to agree" she said with a devilish grin before she dropped the heel and turned him around. Seeing her clearly for the first time helped him finally calm down. She briefly stopped her assault as well.

"Three W-words." He said staggering, "What, Why and wow". 

"There's no date, I hate Steve and I wanted you since the second I saw you", was the reply, "It's not rocket science. I just thought I'd add some spice to it. Now are you gonna participate or am I going to be jailed for rape?"

"Yes, YES, Hell yes." He reached up to unzip her dress. It easily slid down, and she took off the other heel. Once in her underwear and stockings alone, she headed for the kitchen counter.

"Where are you going" was Damien's amused question.

"Making hot chocolate" she said as she put the cup in the oven. 

He watched in amusement, as she took off her stockings while waiting for the drink to heat up, and when it finally did, she carried it all the way back to the sofa.

"What is this all about?" he asked, but she only signaled that he should be quiet. She took a few sips of the drink and then pulled his boxer shorts all the way down. She then took another sip, and without swallowing, she took his throbbing rod into her hot, wet mouth and began to blow him. Damien never thought he'd be one to express much emotion in love making, but here he was, moaning and groaning in maddening delirium. The sensation was rocketing beyond his wildest dreams. He felt like exploding every time she slid upwards, but as if she knew, she'd squeeze the base of his rod really hard every time and he wouldn't climax. This girl was clever and she was using it in the best way possible. She went on to take care of his testicles the same way, always with her hand at his base, while his nuts felt like floating in pure liquefied ecstasy in her mouth while the whole room smelled of chocolate and sex.

His eyes rolled back into his head and he began thrashing around as if wanting to escape her grip and explode, but at that point she paused and gave him a stern look. 

"Promise me we're not finishing until I do." Was all she said. 

With inhuman selflessness, he got up and went down on her, this time genuinely catching her off guard, as he tore off her skimpy thong and cupped her tight ass cheeks. He began to devour her with all his amateurish passion, licking sloppily all over the place, something which she fortunately seemed to find quite arousing. It wasn't long before she begun to wither around, and grunted "I want you in me, NOW! I'm on the pill"

It was his turn to push her back onto the wide sofa and begun to wildly plunge into her silky depths. He was determined to make it last as long as his body could take, and beyond that, but he could see the end approaching fast. 

Christina's squirming intensified, now their lewd sounds filled the room, and suddenly, her moans transformed into words, words of another language, probably her mother tongue, which got more and more highly pitched until she erupted into a window shattering scream, that the neighbors definitely heard. 

Amazingly, Damien held on and kept plunging into her through her shaking and moaning until it subsided into a small shudder. She opened her eyes and looked at him, their sweaty bodies closely stuck together, he was shaking wildly from his exertion to hold back. 

"Not finished?" She whispered. He shook his head to give a negative reply. She smiled kindly, and leaned to the side to pick up her heels off the floor. She slid them, quite a feat, considering that he was still in her and wrapped her feet closely around him, the heels digging uncomfortably into his thighs. She slid her left hand under his ballsack and her right explored the entrance to his anus. Suddenly she tightened the grip, contracted her pussy walls whilst lightly squeezing his balls and gently slid a finger into his rear hole.

He felt as if he was totally gripped from all sides as if from an octopus or a squid. The world around him begun to blur and she felt her forehead against his. "Easy now" was the last thing he heard before all the dams gave way.

He arched his back and moaned in release as he felt the multiple explosions in his groin. He involuntarily shuddered again and again, until he thought his spine would snap, and then it all quieted down into an unforeseen calm.

It would take him days to fully grasp what had just happened.