 Chapter 2: Morning Beautiful

The skirt was slightly wavered at the hem, and continued up her whole body. My eyes wandered up her body and rested on her beaming face, as I realised that it was Lilliana, in her cheerleading kit. The logo of her team, as she had been telling me about on the first day, was in the middle of the belly, above which her breasts were straining the material, threatening to burst out as the perfectly round circles jiggled as she waved.

Realising I was beginning to look like a bit of an idiot standing there staring, I walked off towards the car. As I walked past Mark, my best friend, he muttered "lucky bugger," and I could sense more or less every male, and even a few females' eyes on Lilliana, transfixed at her beauty. I even think I caught Mr Michaels having a sneaky peek, but he hurriedly turned away as the female teacher on the trip shot him a look.

As I reached the car, she hopped off the edge of the seat and crawled into the low coupé car over the seat on her hands and knees, giving me a great view of her arse, her skirt riding up to just below her but. Judging by the way she was wiggling it and taking her time, I figured that was intentional. She gracefully swooped into her seat, her skirt fluttering up exposing her green and white striped pants slightly, which I couldn't help but find incredibly cute.

As her mum drove off Lilliana casually placed her bag on top of the central divide between us and her mum, meaning that the area below the seats was completely hidden, though the mirror would give away our top halves. She started to slowly slide her leg over to my side, not moving her body or changing her facial expression, clearly trying to do it without me noticing. I turned to her with my eyebrows raised as she had almost reached my leg. "Subtle." I whispered amusedly as she turned and grinned at me.

She shifted round so she was facing me as much as she could, at about a 45 degree angle leaning into the corner of her seat. Partially facing me, she opened her legs, sliding her right leg onto my lap, giving me an unobstructed view of her green and white striped panties, which she had clearly realised. Her left leg opened out even more as her right began to move in my lap, looking for something.

I softly lifted her leg and directed it to my growing cock, and she began to move her leg back and forth which was surprisingly erotic. She suddenly stopped and I glanced at her, disappointed, but she clearly had other things in mind. She sat up straight in her seat, sliding over as far as her seatbelt would allow, as I scooted over too. I put my hand on her thigh, pulling it towards me and opening her legs.

My hand slid up her thigh, taking the skirt with it until her skirt was scrunched around her waist and her legs were open, her panties clearly visible. I lowered my hand until it was resting over her pants, and then touched the hotness around the growing wetness on her knickers. She stifled a small gasp as my fingers came into contact with her pussy through her thin pants, and began to rub.

After a while her breathing was beginning to grow heavier and I caught her off guard by slipping my hand under her panties, rubbing her now uncovered pussy. However, just as I slid my middle finger into her pussy, we pulled into her cheerleading club and we abruptly returned to normal, straightening our clothes. However, just as her mother had reversed into a space, Lilliana scooted down the seat hiking her skirt up again showing off her pants, but quickly pulled them off exposing her wet pussy for just a second.

Climbing out the car, she straddled me and I pulled her down onto me so her pussy was pressed up against my hard dick through my trousers, and kissed her. She smiled, and shoved the knickers into my hand as she stepped out. "I'd be uncomfortable, they're wet." She said with a seductive grin turning away. "Thanks to someone..." She shouted back in her sexy Spanish accent with a wink, disappearing into the clubhouse.

§ § §

The thought of her doing gymnastics with no knickers on sent me crazy as I hurried upstairs and, checking that Mrs Carlita was busy downstairs, slipped into Lilliana's bedroom. I walked over to her drawers, and opened them one by one. The first one was full of shirts and shorts, and the next one contained skirts, one of which I remembered her wearing on the first day.

The next drawer had what I wanted: amongst green, purple, pure white and striped blue panties I found the pink ones she has been wearing on that first evening, and took my jeans off. They smelled of her, and I gripped my hard penis with them as I began to wank, images of her legs spread, her boobs in the cheerleading outfit and her doing cheerleading without pants coming into my mind, and it wasn't long before I was cumming into her pants.

§ § §

The next morning I awoke to the smell of bacon, and stepping out of my room in just my boxers to investigate I was still half-asleep. As I headed wearily to the bathroom not bothering to put a shirt on, I met Liliana coming out, clearly about to have a shower. She had a towel wrapped around her and as she saw me her face lit up. "Ah Rob, good morning how are you?"

"I'm good thanks, how are you?"

"Well, actually there was something." she said, frowning in mock concentration. "But I can't quite put my finger on it..." She said, opening the top of her towel slightly, revealing her cleavage and smiling at me seductively.

"Well," I said smiling at her. "I think I could have a go at putting my finger on it..." She giggled as I grabbed her bum and pulled her towards me, her towel dropping to the floor exposing her beautiful body with her big boobs pressing against my bare chest.

"Ah rob you are so muscly." she purred putting her hand on my chest which sent shivers through my body. She ran her hand down my chest, bringing her face to mine and kissing me. My hand rested on the back of her head, the other running down her back until it reached her bubbly but, squeezing it. After a series of quick kisses planted on my lips, she pulled away ad looked up at me, still in my arms. "Rob, I need to shower, but I can't possibly imagine how I could do that without some help from a strong, muscly, dominating man", her voice grew huskier as her list went on and she sank further into my arms, a gasp suddenly rising as I scooped her up into my arms, one hand still resting on her wonderful butt, the other supporting her back and pulling her into a deep embrace, into which Lilliana purred a sigh of arousal, gasping four words.

"Shower. Fuck me. Now."

The minute I set her down on her feet inside the bathroom she attached herself to me again, arms wrapping around me and lips immediately finding mine. Somewhere in the mess of limbs my boxers had found their way onto the floor, leaving both of us naked. As we entered the already-running shower I was pushed back against the shower door which I had hastily closed in an attempt to muffle the sounds of arousal that were even now at an already dangerous level as she responded to my kiss, and my hands running up and down her back, smoothing over her butt, pulling her still closer.

From this position, pressed against the door as I was, I couldn't get to the parts of her body that would really increase the noise level, but I had a thought as one hand ran through her hair, the other slowly running down her back. As it reached the top of her incredibly shaped behind, I continued down, reaching my hand between her legs and under, now with access to the wetness that was only in part due to the shower.

She shuddered as my hand came into contact with it and she realised what I had done; I started off slowly but Lilliana's increased grinding back against my hand was an encouragement to speed up that I took, slipping one finger into her depths, followed by another as her breathing got steadily heavier and more erratic. Her fingernails digging into my shoulder blades in response to my stimulation started to become painful and I shifted, but this seemed to stir Lilliana to remember that I had something else that would feel even better inside her pussy. My fingers still slipping in and out of her, she whispered into my ear, panting, "I want, your, dick, inside... ME!" she shrieked the word 'me' as I thrust a third finger inside her pussy, another finger having just pressed down upon her clit.

Steadying Lilliana as she took a wobbly step back, overcome with arousal, I turned her around, pressing her against the wall, the cold tiling against the expanse of her perfect naked body eliciting a gasp which I silenced with a hand over her mouth and by pressing my body into hers which was in turn pressed further into the wall.

Worrying I may have misunderstood the 'dominating' part of her list I, at risk of breaking the atmosphere, whispered "this okay?"

"Fucking perfect." She growled back, hand reaching up to tweak her own nipple, the other falling to my dick and squeezing it. "Now get this thing inside me."

Not needing to be told twice I planted both my hands on her hips, roughly pulling them towards me, one hand moving to her neck to keep the top half of her body against the wall; her arched figure, ass presented to me, was incredible and my cock found her entrance, slowly running along her slit as I took in the sight before me. Lilliana relaxed into the wall, some words escaping her mouth in Spanish. But this relaxed whispering didn't last long as I suddenly thrust up inside her, the entirety of my length entering her pussy which, despite being dripping wet, wasn't at all ready for the size or thickness of my cock, and Lilliana was taken by surprise, her abrupt cry of shock mixing with increasing ones of pleasure as she got somewhat used to such a large presence inside her, able now to completely enjoy it.

And enjoy it she did, crying out as she bounced up and down on my hard shaft; having to do no work, just having Lilliana's tight pussy walls massaging my cock as she groaned with pleasure was unimaginably hot, and I let my hands snake round to her front, gripping her boobs and occasionally tweaking her hard nipples, adding to the world of pleasure causing such hot (and potentially dangerously audible) sounds to come out of her mouth. Eventually, by virtue of pure fatigue as opposed to any loss of horniness she began to slow and, noticing this, I pulled out of her and flipped her round to face me, drawing her into a passionate kiss, my hand falling to her pussy which by now was radiating heat. I pressed her against the wall opposite

Strings of "lléname, dámelo, sí Rob" suddenly erupted into "¡Dios mío! Fuck! Ohhhh, joder!" as I drove into her, my dick enveloped as suddenly as I pulled it out, pumping in and out of her. She was being constantly thrown against the wall with every stroke, my hand behind her head the only thing preventing it from being slammed against the hard tiling; my hold on her the only thing preventing her from collapsing to the floor as pleasure overtook her and her eyes fluttered shut, her fingernails dragging down my back.

"R- Oh! Rob, I- Ahh, Rob I'm... coming..." she somehow managed to gasp, and given the level of noise so far and the proximity of her mother, asleep a few doors down, this could be dangerous. But, embracing her 'dominating' request I pressed my hand over her mouth so hard that her gasps and shrieks became a muffled set of groans; I pulled out of her and pressed her against the wall as she began to cum. Her whole body quivered under me and had my hand not been over her mouth half the town of Casares would have been awoken.

A second later as her orgasm hit I reconsidered my estimate to half the population of Spain, if not the whole. The juices pouring out of her became discernible from the shower water, copious amounts shooting out and her head snapped back, eyes flew open, her scream piercing through even my hand pressed against her mouth. Her body began to shake uncontrollably against mine, the clawing down my back becoming painful as her orgasm washed over her, causing quite the tidal wave on its way.

As the convulsing subsided and her grip on me relinquished somewhat, her knees grew weak to the extent that I lay her on the floor, bringing her down on top of me, unable to hold her up anymore as she slumped over me at such an awkward angle.

After a minute of gasped breaths she pushed herself up off me with her hands and brought her legs up so that she was sitting up on me, her arms taking the weight off me. She brought her breathing under control and looked at me with an expression of astonishment.

"Rob." She croaked. A cough, then, "Rob, how... that was amazing" and deciding that she wouldn't be able to express her wonderment just yet she leant down and kissed me softly. Even after such a long session of incredible fucking, that kiss felt amazing and caused my stomach to drop. Sitting back up she felt my still-hard dick on her back and gasped.

"Well, we're going to have to do something about this" she whispered sexily, shuffling down my body and taking my throbbing member into her hands. I was already very close; if Lilliana hadn't come I wouldn't have had much longer myself, and I released a gasp as she started to move her hand up and down it, speeding up ever so slowly until she was breathless and I was groaning.

"I'm... coming..." I managed to get out as I exploded over her hands, panting from this glowing girl's ministrations. Having cleaned me up with her mouth, she staggered to her feet, still recovering, and the two of us dried off. It was time to go.