 Randy Evers had nothing but sympathy for his next door neighbor, Sissy Ryan, an absolutely beautiful woman caught in a bad situation. Ever since he had moved into the neighborhood six months ago, he knew that something was amiss in the Ryan household. Sissy's husband, Bruce, was a corporate executive who was at least fifteen years her senior. From the conversations he'd had with Sissy he knew that she was 29, but he wasn't sure just how old her husband was. Randy hadn't really had what could be called a "conversation" with Bruce; the only thing they had really ever done was exchange hellos in the driveway as Bruce was either coming or going from his house. Bruce didn't seem to be much of a talker; he always had someplace to go, something to do, so Randy didn't know much about him. All he knew was what Sissy had told him: Sissy had met Bruce on a blind date, of all things, and he had swept her off her feet. They were married six months after they met, and the first six months of marriage were great. Then Bruce got a big promotion at work which put him on the fast track in his company, and he rapidly got so involved with his career that he began neglecting his beautiful wife at home. It had been that way, Sissy had told him just last week, for the past six years, and she was both heartbroken and frustrated over it. 

His best guess was that Bruce was the high side of 45, maybe a bit more than that, an up-and-comer in the corporate world who was guilty of what Randy considered to be one of the most heinous crimes possible, that of ignoring a beautiful woman. 

And Sissy was just that. From his conversations with her, Randy also knew that she was 5'5" tall, weighed about 125 pounds, and was a natural blond. She had long, shapely legs, a nicely rounded butt, a slender waist and a perfectly flat stomach, and the face of an angel with sparkling blue eyes and a wide smile. 

She also had the biggest bust Randy had seen in quite a while. If he had to guess, he would have guessed that she was at least a 36DD, maybe more, and judging from what he had seen when he saw her sunbathing in her back yard in the tiniest of bikinis, she was all natural. It was a total mystery to him how any man could ignore a woman as beautiful and sexy as Sissy. 

He wasn't sure if Bruce was an idiot or a fool. Maybe both. 

In any event, he and Sissy had struck up a friendship. The fact that they were nearly the same age - she was two years older than he - helped. It gave them some common ground and some common interests. He was single, so there was no Mrs. Evers to worry about, and Sissy may as well have been single. They spoke often, every time he saw her outside, and on several occasions had shared a glass of wine or two on his back deck. They had spent several pleasant evenings talking about concerts they had gone to, trips they had taken, things like that. She had more in common with him, it seemed, than she did with her husband. There was no generation gap in the way, and they related to each other in ways that were not possible with she and Bruce. 

And the more time he spent with her, the more his desire for her grew. She was a hell of a sexy woman, and he found himself wanting her more and more each time he saw her. And he had a feeling that she felt the same way. Neither of them were falling in love with the other, he was pretty sure of that. He wasn't ready for that kind of commitment and had no interest in it. But he was a man, she was a very sexy and desirable woman, and he wanted her in the worst way. 

It was during one of those quiet evenings drinking wine on his back deck that it finally happened. As usual, Bruce was out of town for the week on another one of his business trips, leaving Sissy all alone. She and Randy had been out on the deck for the better part of two hours, drinking and talking, and both of them had a pretty good buzz on by now. Sissy was stunning as usual - she was dressed in a flowered bikini with a matching sarong, which meant that she was covered from the hips down but her magnificent breasts were there to taunt and tease him in all their glory. She spent a lot of time sunbathing since her husband was gone so much, so she had a killer tan. Brad had been trying to hide a semi-erection for the past half hour, and he had the feeling he was failing. He was wearing a tank top and loose shorts, and as usual he wasn't wearing underwear. He thought that he had caught Sissy looking once or twice but couldn't be sure. In any event, they came to a natural pause in the conversation and when Sissy was taking a sip of her wine, Randy decided what the hell, it was now or never. 

"Sissy, let me ask you something if you don't mind," he began, looking down at his glass as Sissy looked up at him. "It's kind of personal, so if I'm out of line just tell me, okay?" 

"Sure, Randy," she replied. "I'm sure I won't mind, so go ahead and ask." 

"Why do you do it? I mean, why do you stay with him?" he asked, looking her in the eyes. "He doesn't appreciate you, he leaves you alone for weeks at a time, always running off to his business rather than spend time with you - hell, any man would be crazy to run off and leave a woman as gorgeous as you behind!" 

Sissy lowered her eyes to her glass for a moment and smiled before looking back up at Randy. When she spoke it was in a quiet, sincere tone. 

"I really don't know, to tell you the truth. I care for Bruce, sure, but I don't love him anymore. I haven't for a long time, and I'm not sure how he feels about me," she said, leaning forward and resting her elbows on her knees, holding the wine glass in her hands. This gave Randy a spectacular view of her cleavage, and he felt himself stirring. "I mean, how can he possibly love me like he used to and leave all the time like he does? I just don't know...and I don't know why I'm still with him. Security, I guess...it's a big, scary world out there, I have no job skills to speak of, I'll be thirty in a few months - it's just the best thing for me right now to stay where I am. I have a nice house, plenty of money, my own car, the freedom to go and do whatever I want to - I'd be crazy if I just up and left all this behind with no kind of plan to fall back on. If - when - the time is right, I'll make my break. But in the mean time, I can handle things the way they are." 

"I guess I can see the logic in that," Randy replied, sitting back in his chair. "You have nothing to lose as it is, so why louse up a good thing? Yeah, I can understand that." 

"You don't think any less of me? You don't think I'm a gold digger or anything like that?" she asked, genuinely concerned. 

"Of course not!" Randy replied. He sat up and put his glass down, then took her glass from her hands and placed it on the table. Then he took both her hands in his before looking her in the eyes and continuing. "You're my friend, Sissy, and I care about you. No way would I ever think bad of you!" 

They stayed like that for several long moments, looking deep into each other's eyes, both knowing what was coming and both wanting it to happen. Sissy closed her eyes, granting permission; Randy leaned forward and kissed her on the lips, and he was pleased when she kissed him back. Their tongues touched tentatively before the kiss ended. When it did they both opened their eyes and looked at each other. Randy spoke first. 

"This could be trouble," he said quietly. 

"Only if we don't finish," she replied. "It's not love, Randy, I know that; it's just desire, and that's fine with me." 

"Are you sure?" 

"Yes, I am. Quite sure." 

With that they both stood up and met at the end of the table, wrapping their arms around each other and kissing again, deeply and passionately. Sissy molded her body against his, surprising him, and he could feel the swells of her large breasts pressing against his chest. Their tongues danced in a fiery kiss, and as his cock began to react she felt it and pressed her hips against him, rubbing hard against his growing length. He slid his hands down her back and grabbed her by the ass, pulling her against him. When the kiss finally broke he was hard as a rock and they were both breathless. 

"Wow!" he said, nearly gasping for breath. "I never expected that!" 

"Bet you never expected this, either," she replied, bringing her lips close to his ear. She ran her lithe tongue first around and then in his ear, making him shudder with desire. "I've wanted to fuck you since the first time I saw you," she said, nipping on the side of his neck. "And now that I've got the chance, I'm going to wear you out!" 

"Give it your best shot," he said, looking down at her. "I can take anything you can dish out!" 

"We'll see about that!" she said, grinning at him. "Right now you need to take off those shorts and sit down!" 

"Why is that?" he asked, surprised at her boldness. He never would have guessed she could be like this! 

"Because I'm going to tit fuck you!" she replied, grinning at him. "Or are you going to tit fuck me? I can never get that right!" she said, reaching for his fly. "Either way, these shorts have got to go!" 

He helped her get them unfastened, then let them fall to the ground. His rock-hard cock bounced free, and she smiled when she saw it. 

"My, look at that! A nice, big, thick cock! So just how big are you, Randy?" she asked, gripping his shaft with both hands and pumping it slightly. 

"Just a bit over seven inches," he replied proudly. 

"Wonderful! And I bet you can cum buckets, too!" she said, pushing him down onto the chair behind him. "Well, we'll soon see about that!" She reached behind her neck and began to untie the string holding her bikini top up. 

"I have to ask," Randy said, looking directly at her mammoth breasts. "Just how big are your breasts, anyway?" 

"36DD," she said immediately. 

"I thought so. And I bet you have big nipples, too," he said. 

"Huge," she said, "which you're about to see for yourself!" She let the bikini cups fall away from her big, full breasts, exposing them to him for the first time. 

She was right; her nipples were huge! The areola surrounding them must have been at least three inches across, and the nipples themselves were the size of pencil erasers. Her breasts were full and round, sloping gently, and they seemed even bigger now than ever. She pushed her arms together and made her breasts bulge out at him, the hard nipples leading the way. Before he could reach up for them she moved between his knees and spread them apart, then knelt down in front of him. She grabbed his cock with one hand and his smooth-shaven balls with the other and firmly tugged on both, looking at him with a gaze filled with pure lust. 

"I've waiting so long for this!" she said breathlessly. "I don't know who's going to enjoy it more, me or you!" 

Before he could reply she lowered her head down to his cock and slipped her mouth around it, sliding her lips all the way down his shaft to his balls in one long, slow stroke. He was amazed at this, and watched in fascination as she took all his length in and out of her mouth several times, sucking on it hard. He had never felt a woman suck his shaft this hard before! After a few more long strokes, she slipped her mouth from around his shaft, looked up at him and spoke. 

"Oh, yeah, I can deep throat, too!" she smiled at him, a wicked, evil smile. 

"You don't say!" he said, his cock twitching as she engulfed it again with her vacuum-cleaner mouth. She tugged and pulled on his balls as she sucked on his shaft, pulling the precum from him in torrents. She did this for several minutes before slipping his shaft from her mouth and speaking again. 

"Gotta get that precum flowing!" she said, pumping his shaft with her hand. "That's what I'm gonna use to make my tits slippery for your cock!" 

"That's not going to be a problem," Randy said. "My precum flows like a river!" 

"So I see," she said, watching as a very large drop of clear fluid appeared at the tip of his cock. She leaned forward and pointed the head of his cock between her large breasts, rubbing it up and down to spread the slippery liquid around. Then she sucked on his cock some more to keep the precum flowing, pumping it out with her hand and then spreading it between her tits again. She did this several times until the insides of her breasts were slick and shining with his fluid. 

"I think my tits are ready for your cock now, don't you?" she asked rubbing the head of his cock between her massive mounds. Then she leaned forward and wrapped her breasts around his cock, squeezing them tight around the shaft and began sliding them up and down. His precum continued to flow, and every time she slid her breasts down on his cock it spread more of the slick stuff around. 

"I can't wait to feel you cum!" she said, looking him in the eye as she continued to fuck his cock with her breasts. "I've been waiting so long to feel your hot cum on my breasts!" 

"Your wait is over," he replied between clenched teeth, "because I'm getting ready to cum!" 

"Oh, yeah, baby, cum for me! Cum all over my big tits!" she said squeezing her tits harder around his cock and moving them up and down faster. In a flash his cock erupted between her tits, shooting a long, thick stream of cum up onto her chest and the side of her neck. She laughed with glee as his cock continued to pump and spurt, shooting stream after stream of cum on her chest and between her tits. As his orgasm subsided and the spasms slowed she kept her breasts pressed tight around his shaft but slowed her motions, sliding her breasts slowly up and down his shaft until the last bit of cum seeped out. With that she released her breasts from around his cock and took the tip in her mouth, sucking out the last drop. Randy jumped at the sensation, and she giggled like a schoolgirl. She sat back on her haunches, her chest and breasts covered with streams of his cum. 

"Wow, that was really something!" she said, looking down and rubbing his cum into her skin. She looked up at him, the desire still apparent in her eyes. "I had a feeling you would cum big, but that was more than I expected!" 

"Glad it pleased you," Randy said, fairly gasping for breath. "You surprised the hell out of me, too!" 

"Now I've got a question for you," she said, standing up in front of him, her massive breasts towering over him as she began working at the knot holding the sarong in place. 

"What's that?" he said. 

"How long before you can get hard again?" 

"Oh, ten minutes or so, if the motivation is right," he replied. 

"So how's this for motivation?" she replied, dropping the sarong. She wasn't wearing anything beneath it, and Randy was treated to the sight of her trimmed pussy with its smooth shaven lips as she spread her feet and put her hands on her hips. Randy felt his cock twitch and begin to rise again. She looked down and saw it and smiled, saying, "Pretty good, I guess!" She reached down and took him by the hands, her huge breasts bobbling as she did so. 

"Now lead me to your bedroom!" she commanded, and Randy did as he was told. Taking her by the hand, he led her through his house to his bedroom and once there, she sat on the edge of the bed and pulled him over to her. She immediately went to work on his semi-hard cock, sucking it back to full hardness in a matter of minutes. Then she released him from her sucking mouth and slid back onto the bed, her big breasts bobbing as she did so, the nipples hard and erect. He climbed onto the bed next to her and they wrapped arms and legs around each other, kissing passionately, he squeezing one of her huge mounds and she pulling and tugging on his cock. 

"I want to taste your pussy!" he said. "So lay back and let me!" 

"I have a better idea," she said, pushing him back on the bed and kneeling over him. He thought she was going to sit on his face but he was wrong; she turned around to face his feet and swung her leg over his head, assuming the classic 69 position. She then lay on him, sliding his cock into her sucking mouth as she dropped her wet pussy down onto his mouth. He reached up and grabbed her ass with both hands, running his tongue up and down her slit and slipping it in and out of her, teasing her clit while she sucked hard on his cock. She came in a matter of moments, crying out around his cock as her pussy flooded. She clamped her thighs around his head and jammed her mound down onto his face as he shoved his tongue deep inside her spasming tunnel, her orgasm shaking her whole body. She held onto him hard as her orgasm gripped her, and he was just about ready to pry her from his face so he could breathe when she relaxed her grip on his head with her thighs, her orgasm fading. She continued sucking on his cock as she caught her breath, kneading and squeezing his balls. He was rock-hard, and she planned to use it. 

She sat up and spun around to face him, bracing her hands on his shoulders as she sat down on his hips. Her big, soft breasts with their huge nipples dangled in his face as she trapped his cock lengthwise between her pussy lips, sliding it up and down the underside of his shaft, covering it with her juices. 

"Oh my God, that was fantastic!" she said, still breathless, grinning down at him. "I haven't cum like that in years!" She continued to slide her pussy up and down the underside of his shaft, teasing him. He reached up and grabbed her swaying breasts, squeezing them hard and tugging on the nipples. She inhaled sharply. "Oh, yes, baby! Squeeze my tits! Squeeze them hard! Pull on my nipples! Yes, that's it!" she said as he pulled, tugged and squeezed her breasts and nipples. Her pussy was flooding; she was more than ready. 

"I want to feel my cock inside you," he said, looking up at her and squeezing her breasts. 

"Good, because I want to feel it inside me too!" she said. She lifted her hips and reached down, grabbing his cock and pointing it up towards her pussy. She slid down onto it, taking the head inside with ease, then braced herself on his shoulders again. Then she dropped slowly down on his cock, engulfing all of it with one motion, his cock sliding easily into her wet tunnel. She moaned as she rested on his hips, his seven inches of cock buried deep inside her. She could feel her ass pressing against his balls as she slowly ground her hips around in a circle. 

"Oh my God, that feels so good!" she cried. She sat up straight and reached behind her, finding his balls and rubbing them as she moved. Randy moaned in reply, and then she started to ride his cock. She leaned forward and put her hands on the bed on either side of his head, bringing her big tits to his face as she slid slowly up and down his shaft. He reached up and squeezed both big tits, pulling them to his face as she squeezed his cock with her pussy in return. He sucked on the big nipples one at a time as Sissy continued to ride his cock up and down, moving her hips around and around as she did so. He sucked hard on her nipples until they were red and harder than ever, and when he pulled on them with both hands she cried out as she exploded in orgasm again. She rode him hard and fast as she came, the waves of pleasure washing over her again and again. 

"That's it, baby, cum for me!" he said, squeezing her breasts hard as she continued to cum. She cried out again as she slammed her hips down hard on his cock and held them there, and he could feel her pussy trembling around his shaft. 

When she finally finished cumming she sat on top of him, panting for breath as he gently massaged her breasts. He was still rock-hard and buried inside her, and when she finally opened her eyes and looked down at him, she said, "I guess I ought to let you cum again, huh?" 

"That would be nice," he said, "and I know just how I want to do it!" 
