 When I put down the phone I almost couldn't believe the conversation that I had just been a part of. I picked up the phone again and the familiar voice on the other end of the phone picked up.

"Yes Mr. Carter." She asked. 

I didn't really know what to say, I was still in a daze from the conversation. The words just hung there like a heavy cloud on a humid rainy day. I searched for what I wanted to say, but nothing was coming to mind. 

"Mr. Carter?" she said again, slightly confused or worried. I couldn't tell which.

"Yes, I'm sorry. Rachel if you would please cancel my meetings for the rest of the day. I... I have to leave." I said still not quite knowing what to say or how, or why. I hung up the phone not waiting for a response.

The phone call I had received just moments earlier had taken a man who normally was never short on words completely blank. I didn't know what to feel, what to say. I sat down behind my desk, and pulled up my computer and logged on to my social media account. Given my position I was hardly ever on it, mostly just to keep up with old friends. That was the reason for this log in. I pulled up the account in question and began reading.

"The world lost a great man today. You will be missed." Read on line

"I can't believe it when I heard it. You will be missed" Another read.

I scrolled down the time line and kept reading, maybe just maybe I will find the line that says this was all a joke, that my best and oldest friend had not passed away. But it never came. He was always a joker playing practical jokes on everyone, maybe this was another one of those jokes. A cruel joke to play on everyone, his friends, his family. What was his family going to do?

I continued to scroll until I hit the line that I didn't want to read. There it was staring at me right in the face. Clear as day, a post from his wife, or at least someone using her profile. I read it once, then again, just to make sure. It didn't change the outcome was the same. He was gone. 

I was sitting there staring out the window trying to remember the last time we had spoken. It had been a while, we kept in touch but we both had our own lives. He married the love of his life, and had children, the picture perfect family life. I on the other hand stayed the bachelor, concentrated on my career, decided to let the family life move to the back burner. Not saying that I have any regrets, which I didn't, other than we didn't really spend that much time together any more. He had moved on to another part of the state. I stayed here in town. 

I was in the middle of my thoughts and didn't even realize she had come into my office, until I felt her presence slowly moving around my desk.

I snapped out of it as soon as I noticed her reflection in the window. 

"I am going to be taking a few days off. Cancel my meetings for the next few days let them know I will reschedule as soon as I get back into town." I said coming back to reality for a second. "I am headed home right now to pack, then I am headed to Houston."

"Do you need me to make the arrangements for you?" Rachel asked me. Sensing that the news on the phone wasn't something that I really wanted to hear.

"No I think I will be able to handle it. Thank you." I looked up at her. I could see in her eyes her concern for me. 

Rachel had only been with me as an assistant for a short time, short in comparison to my last assistant anyway who had been with me since I started in the business 12 years ago. Rachel had only been with me for about a year now, but she had really learned my habits, my moods, and most importantly she learned to anticipate what I needed. She asked me if she needed her to make arrangements, but most likely they we already made. 

"Well I went ahead and called the airport to let them know to expect your call." I was right, she was good.

Rachel was good to me. Not in the sense that we were sleeping together good, just good in general. She was beautiful however. Long brunette hair, and baby blue eyes. She was younger than I about 26 or 27, 5'6", and had an athletic body type, probably from the gym that we had on the first floor. Believe me, sleeping together would definitely been on the top of my priorities had she not worked for me. 

I took one last look at my laptop, and the words that were on the profile and closed it. I was starting to get a few things off my desk when she reached out for my arm. I stopped and looked up at her. She was leaning on the side of my desk watching me fumble my way through trying to leave.

"Are you sure you don't need me to do anything for you before you leave?" She asked more concerned than anything.

I reached out and grabbed her hand. It was soft, and warm. I gave it a soft squeeze and a half fake smile. "I will be ok... Thank you, truly, thank you."

I finished up gathering all my things and loaded them into my bag and started making my way towards the door. I stopped about half way through my office as a thought came to mind, spun around, and looked at her still standing by my desk. She was watching my every move. I started to say something but she stopped me.

"I've already called a car. It is waiting for you outside." She said smiling.

I smiled back at her thinking to myself, "this girl is good." "You're the best, and I don't know what I would do without you." I turned and walked out of the office making my way towards the elevator. My thoughts quickly went back to why I was leaving early on a Monday morning. 

I got on the elevator and headed down to my waiting car, with what needed to be done running through my head. I didn't really know how long I was going to be gone, but I knew I needed to go. I was deep in thought when I felt my personal phone went off. I considered ignoring it, since I didn't think anyone of importance would be messaging me with anything that needed my immediate attention, but instinct kicked in and I grabbed it and opened it up. 

I didn't recognize the number that had sent me the text message. All it said was "He's gone; I don't know what to do. Are you coming?"

I stared at the phone trying to figure out who it was. They obviously knew about my friend and they were close to him as well, but who was it" I responded with the typical "who is this" and returned my phone to my back pocket.

The elevator stopped and I made my way to the front door. Someone who worked in the office, smiled, greeted me and opened the door for me. I think I responded but I wasn't quite sure. I was back in my own little world going through the motions only. I do believe I smiled at him at least. I continued out the door headed to waiting car. My driver Joe smiled, greeted me and let me climb in. Within moments we were off and headed to my apartment downtown so I could pack and head to Houston.

Again not really thinking of anything, just staring out the window, trying to recall all of the good times we had in the past. On the golf course, our late nights at the bar when we were both single and not a care in the world. We had some good times together. We had an apartment together at one point, those were the good days. We would stay out all night trying to pick up women, and if we couldn't do that we would just get drunk and try and remember where we lived for the cab driver. It was good times, times we could never tell our kids about, at least not until they were older.

He went into car sales early on, and I branched into management for a restaurant chain. We both progressed through our careers, quickly. He opened and ran one of the best dealerships in the Houston area, and then branched to different large market cities. I became a VP of my company in record pace and now as CEO oversee the operations of well over 200 restaurants for multiple concepts and we are growing. We stayed in touch, but not as much as either of us would have liked. Whenever I would do restaurant tours in the area we would always make time to hit the links.

He was a couple of years younger than I was, a little less focused but he was good at what he did. He did have a few extra marital affairs but it never clouded my judgment of him. He did well for his family and he loved his children. If his wife knew about the affairs she didn't let anyone else know she knew. They had their moments, but they stayed together until the end. 

The end. I can't believe that's what this is. 35 years old. Just a few years younger than me, and this is the end. Life is short, and it's unfair sometimes. 

I was in the middle of my thoughts when I felt my phone vibrate again. We were pulling off the interstate and headed downtown toward my apartment. The phone vibrated again, and the thought crossed my mind again that this couldn't be anyone of any importance, at least not as important as what is going on right now. It vibrated again.

We pulled up in front of my building. Joe put the car in park and ran around to my side to open the door. I climbed out and as if on autopilot walked to the front door and went up to my place. I was probably only up there for a few minutes but it felt like an eternity as I packed up everything I would need for a few days.

I strolled back down to the waiting car. Joe still waiting by my door for my return. He turned his smile back on and opened it up again for me.

"Headed to the airport Mr. Carter?" He asked promptly. "I will take those bags for you sir."

"Yes please, thanks Joe." I said dropping my bag and climbing in the sedan. 

Joe quickly grabbed my bag, threw it in the trunk and jumped in the driver's seat and we were off. For me to face the bitter truth of what I had heard and been reading all morning. An emptiness started creeping in. I tried not to think about it.

We wound through the city street while I continued to glance out the window. In a few hours I would be with his family. What was I going to say? What were they going to say? I didn't know and it was making me uncomfortable to think about it. I was never good in these types of situations. Thoughts kept running through my mind, I couldn't focus on a single one of them however. My phone vibrated again and snapped me back from where ever I was.

I leaned over and grabbed my phone out of my back pocket. 3 missed notifications. Rachel confirming that she went ahead and made hotel reservations at a hotel in downtown Houston, and arranged transportation from the airport. I smiled at the gesture, she really is too good to me. The other two notifications where from the mystery number.

"It's Nichole" followed by "Are you going to come? You were like a brother to him."

Nichole was my friends' little sister. She was a couple of years younger than he was, 32 and she worked with him at one of his dealerships. She was an outgoing type and I could see how she would do well working in that type of environment. Last I remembered seeing her was probably 10 years ago. She and her brother had a bad falling out and that was the last I saw of her. They only rekindled their relationship when he was married and moved to Houston. 

I looked at my phone puzzled how she would have even gotten number, but I responded that I would be there in a few hours and I would let her know as soon as I got there and would meet the family where ever they were at.

A short while later I got a thank you in response. I slid my phone back into my back pocket and continued to stare out the window. The clouds looked like they were getting heavy. Looked like maybe a storm was starting to roll in. Would be the perfect end to a terrible day.

I glanced down at my watch, with everything going on I had completely lost track of the time. 3:05 in the afternoon, it seemed like much later. We pulled into the private terminal of the airport and Joe pulled up to the gate and parked the car. He got out, grabbed my bags and opened the door for me. I stepped out and grabbed my bags from him, thanked him and started to walk away when he put his hand on my shoulder and stopped me.

"I'm sorry to hear about your friend Mr. Carter." He said with a concerned but genuine look on his face. 

I nodded to him and put my hand on his to thank him.

Within a few short minutes I was boarded on the plane and on my way to Houston. My nerves were in a wreck, and the closer we got the more my stomach began to turn.

The flight didn't take very long, and within the hour the pilot had announced that we were beginning our landing approach. I sent Nichole a text message informing here I was close and she let me know which hospital the family was at. Once we landed and I proceeded to the car that the front gate attendant informed me was waiting for me, loaded my bags and we were off to the hospital that was the last place my friend ever saw.

There wasn't much conversation on the long drive over, which was fine by me. It allowed me to be alone with my thoughts. To try and figure out what I would say, what do you say in this type of situation. I was never a fan of the typical "I'm sorry for your loss" comment it always felt cold to me.

I closed my eyes for a few minutes and must have drifted off. I was startled by my phone going off again. I checked it again, this time it was Rachel.

"Did you make it down yet?"

I responded that I had. A few more texts back and forth about what meetings had been changed, and who all she had informed that I would be out of the office. A few more bits of information and some slight concern over how I was taking everything. I thanked her for everything but told her I was fine. 

My trip to the hospital continued for what felt like another hour but by my watch it was on 6:30 in the evening when we arrived. Informed the driver that I would only be a short time and to stay close, and made my way into the hospital and up to the floor in Nichole had told me they were on earlier.

After getting off of the elevator I made my first right and started heading towards the room. I didn't make it very far before hearing my name.

"Jeff??..." I heard a small voice ask off to the left.

I stopped and turned and there she was. As beautiful as I had remembered even though she had been crying all day from the looks of it. Nichole stood there in the waiting room she was wearing an old oversized U of H t-shirt and yoga pants, he long blonde hair was pulled back in a loosed pony tail, if she had makeup on it was gone from the tears.

She stood up and came towards me, I instinctively moved to her as well. I held out my arms and she collapsed into them, starting to cry all over again. I held her close to me rubbing her back and trying to console her as best I could. I didn't know what to say or do, so I just held her close while she cried into my chest. 

"He's gone." She managed to say. "He's really gone."

I didn't say anything just stayed there, holding her, wishing I had the words to tell her everything was going to be ok. The words to reassure her that I was there for her as long as she needed me to be. I wasn't going to let her go until she was ready. She tightened her grip around me, and I could feel her entire body next to mine.

As I said before she was a beautiful woman. She had golden blonde hair, that she normally wore pulled back or up in a bun depending on what the situation was. Her eyes were hazel and could pierce your soul or show an intense love. She had a petite frame at only 5'2" but her body fit her, she was proportioned just right. She didn't really have the appearance that she worked out but she also didn't let herself go either. Even with the circumstances she was beautiful.

"Where is the rest of the family?" I was finally able to ask. 

She pulled away from me but still no quite letting me go. "They are all back there with him. They are making all of the final arrangements." 

She slowly started letting her hands fall to her side as she turned and started walking towards a couch in the family waiting room. She sank into the seat and motioned for me to join her on the couch.

As I sat she wrapped her arm in mine and moved closer and layed her head on my shoulder. I could feel her breathing and I wanted to say something. Anything, but the words just couldn't come. I just exhaled and let it finally sink in that my best friend, and someone who was like a brother to me had passed away that morning.

She sensed that I wanted to say something but couldn't and finally she broke the silence. "You know you are like a brother to me, and you were a brother to him." She tightened her grip on my arm. "It means a lot that you are here with me, here with us." And with that she turned her head and kissed me on the cheek. 

It was innocent enough, and I just let it go. We sat there for a while, I'm not really sure how long. Other friends came and went all giving their condolences and the usual "if there is anything they can do" remarks. I saw his wife, and his two kids. We all sat out there waiting for final word that his body had finally been moved down and was awaiting transportation. 

It was probably about 10:30 in the evening when the last of the family came out of the ICU ward where he had been. They informed us that the body had been moved and would be taken to the mortuary in the morning. As we all got up and started making our way to the elevator and to bid our goodbyes, Nichole again wrapped her arm around mine. As we all made our way to the exit Nichole walked with me to my car.

"What time are you planning on heading over to his place in the morning?" I said as we made it to the car, and the driver opened the door for me.

"I am going to be there around 9:00." She said looking down. " Would you like for me to pick you up on my way?"

"No, I have the car while I am here. Thank you though." I said as I opened my arms and invited her into them.

She hugged me tightly again I could feel that she was about to start crying again so I just let her stay there as long as she needed.

"Thank you for everything she finally said." Looking up at me.

"Whatever you need." I said looking down at her.

With that she raised up on her tip toes and kissed me, however this time directly on the lips. It was a sensual kiss, one that you would give a first time lover. I couldn't help but return it, but quickly pulled away.

"Get some rest tonight, as much as you can anyway." I said turning to get into my car. I didn't want this to go any further, because I knew where it would lead and didn't want there to be any regrets from either of us. I sensed that she understood and felt the same way. We parted for the night, I watched as she walked away. As much as I wanted to take her in my arms and make love to her that night I knew it wasn't a good idea.

I informed the driver of the hotel I was staying at and like that we were off and I was back to my solidarity.

I must have dozed off again because next thing I knew we were at the hotel. I checked in, and had my bags taken up to the room, while I made my way to the hotel bar. I pulled up a seat and ordered my usual Maker's Mark neat and looked up at the T.V. The news was reporting on my friends passing and how the family had asked for their privacy in this trying time.

"It's sad." A female voice behind me said.

I didn't turn to look, just kept looking down at my drink.

"He was so young, too young if you ask me." She said continuing the conversation without me. "Vodka and Cranberry please." She said to the bartender.

I didn't really want to look up, I wanted to stay lost in my own sorrow, and not bring anyone else into but something made me look. What I saw was not what I was expecting at all. She had strawberry blonde hair, that she left down. She was dressed in business attire but it was cut well for her. It accented her body well. You could still make out her womanly features. She was sitting so I couldn't really tell how tall she was, but my guess would have to be about 5'3" or 5'4". Thin waist, and from the looks of them maybe C cup breasts. She was stunning.
