 Chapter 1

It had been a few months now since we started hanging out with Dan and Kirsten. We've known them for a while but it hasn't been until recently that we started spending quality time with them. They are a fun couple to be around and good looking to boot. We have an interesting relationship, I get along well with both of them but tend to have more in common with Kirsten. It is the same for my wife, Ashley, who tends to get along well with Dan. What's funny about it is that Ashley and Dan are both super conservative and Kirsten and I are rule benders and breakers. 

A while back we attended a sporting event together Somehow Kirsten and I ended up under the bleachers getting drinks for everyone. We both sipped a beer and had good conversation. I enjoyed listening to her, but at the same time I was daydreaming about ripping off her already torn jeans so that she stayed in her sexy heels. Meanwhile, Dan and Ashley were left alone to watch the game. About an hour had passed and we returned to the stadium. Just as we walked out to the bottom of the bleachers I see Dan and Ashley in intense conversation at the top of the bleachers, they were not even watching the game. In fact they didn't even see us coming until we were 10 feet away. I loved it, and I think Kirsten did too. 

There was something about the whole situation that seemed fun. For the most part we were left alone with each others spouses and it allows the mind to wander a little bit.

A few weeks later we were all hanging out and started telling Vegas stories. Turns out that Dan and Kirsten love to play craps as much as I do. We started talking strategy and all about our big wins. Dan was so excited that he started planning our next trip. I was impressed they knew their stuff, this was going to be fun. It sounded much better than playing with your usual idiots who just throw their money away. Ashley was in for the trip, but she was not into gambling at all. I convinced Dan to plan the trip to the casino with the nicest pool for a couple reasons. One, I wanted Ashley to have something to do other than casino stuff. Two, I wanted to see Kirsten in her bikini. I'm not gonna lie, I pegged Kirsten for one to keep the heels on even at the pool, and the images created in my head of her at the pool were turning me on. We later ﬁnalized our plans. We booked the hotel, and a few small events along the way. I was excited to go. We had a few weeks until we left and ended up hanging out with them a few more times. They were all in large group settings, but Kirsten and I found time to ﬂirt and Dan and Ashley, although not very ﬂirty, found time to talk. 

Finally the day came to leave. We met at their house, piled all our bags in their SUV and were off. The girls were dressed a little sexier than I thought they would be, especially for a 6 hour drive. If they looked this good now, then I knew I was in store for a good trip. 

We had been driving for about four hours when Kirsten asked me, "How much longer do we have, Mike?" 

"Oh a little under two hours," I said. 

"Perfect" she said as she started to crawl in the back of the SUV. 

A few minutes later she comes back with 4 cups and begins to pass them out. "Its roadie time" she said with a big smile on her face. 

I look over at Ashley, who I know does not like to break the rules like this and she shot me this annoyed look. 

I on the other admired Kirsten's spirit, her mischievous smile was so cute. I thought to myself "Aw fuck it, I'm down," somewhat fearing Ashley's response. 

To my surprise she joined in. It wasn't a very strong drink, but it did the trick. By the time we pulled into the valet you could tell our inhibitions were slightly lower and everybody was ready to have a good night. We all checked into the hotel and quickly ran up to our rooms to get ready. We had dinner reservations and then we were going to hit the craps tables. Ashley and I get all our clothes put away and began to get ready for dinner. There was deﬁnitely some sexual tension in the air, but we didn't have time to act on it. 

So after getting ready, we walked down the hallway to Dan and Kirsten's room ﬁve minutes before our dinner reservation. We knock on the door, and Dan answers. He is ready to go and already has a drink made for us. We drink our drinks and wait a few more minutes while Kirsten ﬁnishes up. We are getting close to being late, so Dan and I agree that Ashley and I should go to the restaurant and get seated. We check in and they tell us they are a little behind, so we step outside the restaurant to wait. I look across the casino ﬂoor and see Dan and Kirsten turn the corner to walk to the casino. 

When I saw Kirsten, all I could think was, "Damn girl." 

Ashley was dressed conservatively but sexy. She had on heels, and backless dress that completely covered the front of her. Ashley rarely shows her cleavage, even though I ask for it. Kirsten was wearing a long dress that reached all the way to her feet, which had a hot pair of black high heels on them. Her dress was tight and it hugged her body. In the front it was cut low - almost to her belly button. She had a tight athletic body and I was deﬁnitely going to have a hard time not checking her out. Dan and Kirsten walk up to us and I watch Dan's eyes as he starts at the bottom and works his way up Ashley's body. I love that he did that. My turn, and don't care if he sees me. 

So, I start at her sexy heels, and trace Kirsten's body up until I make eye contact. When we lock eyes, I can tell she is happy that I'm checking her out. 

When we reach each other, I hug her and whisper in her ear "Wow, you look amazing." 

We then step into the restaurant and take our table. The restaurant was amazing. Dinner was good and the conversation even better. I ended up sitting across from Kirsten. All I wanted to do was reach over touch her feet with mine, but I refrained. The night of conversation with Kirsten, make me even more intrigued. She was smart, sexy, and business savvy - which I loved. Throughout the night, Ashley and Dan were drinking a little more than Kirsten and I. I don't drink much when I gamble because I want to have my wit intact - because I love to win. I think Kirsten was of like mind, because she wasn't drinking much either. 

We ﬁnish up dinner and make our way to the craps tables. I am wondering how this is going to go, because I know Ashley doesn't love gambling and doesn't really know much about it. The rest of us are excited though. We go up to the craps table. Both couples end up on opposite ends of the table. It starts out slow, with a few sevens rolled at the beginning. It's been about an hour and we are just barely staying alive. The dice end up in Kirsten's hands and she's excited and conﬁdent. When a roller is conﬁdent, then so am I. I bet double what I usually do. She rolls, and rolls, and rolls, and we make money! It gets exciting! I started with a $250 roll and now I have $550 worth of bets on the table and about $700 in my bank. The drinks and the cash were ﬂowing. Finally, Kirsten throws a seven and I lose my come bets but bank about a $1000. Everyone at the table congratulates and thanks her. 

We are all happy and the casino is pissed. I can tell Ashley is fading fast. The free drinks were coming quickly tonight. We keep playing, and eventually Ashley says goodnight to Kirsten and Dan and retires to the room. We all play for another hour and I can see that Dan is fading. I am still vibrant and rearing to go. I am a night owl, I will just keep going and going and going. Kirsten appears to be the same way. I see Dan lean over and talk in Kirsten's ear. It's obvious he is retiring for the night. As soon as he steps in the elevator, Kirsten and I look at each other and immediately grab our chips to move to each others side. 

I mouth to her, "Stay there." and I go join her side. 

And now it's just the two of us. My mind starts racing but I focus on making sure my odds are correct and my bets are in line. She smells good, so good. She looks amazing, and I am getting so distracted. I'm not the only only one who can't keep their eyes off of her. I notice one of the dealers pays us when we shouldn't be paid. Kirsten and I just shrug our shoulders and just accept the payment. We inch closer together and our bodies began to touch. It's her turn to roll again, and after the last roll she had, I bet big. She sure can roll! With every good roll I ﬁnd an excuse to touch her. Eventually it just becomes natural that my hand is on the small of her back, encouraging her to throw anything but a seven. She wins us a good bit of money again. She eventually craps out, but the crowd is satisfied. This hot ass girl rolled good twice tonight, making the crowd money, and giving them something great to look at it; the crowd is happy. Shoot so am I. The dice come to me and I pass. Instead I excused myself from the table and ask for a towel to cover my chips. 

I whisper close to Kirsten's ear, "I will be right back," and walk away. 

Man I want to Fuck her. I am done with craps. I just want to slip my dick into her slit and properly thank her for winning me so much money. Fuck she is hot. Her conﬁdence, her swagger, her hot ass dress and sexy high heels. I don't even care anymore. All I can think about is fucking her. I am dreaming in my head about her, but don't think anything will happen. As I walk by the front desk on my way back to the tables, I get a crazy Idea. I decide to follow through with it, but I am nervous as hell. I get back to the tables and can tell by the chip count that I haven't missed much. I placed a few bets, it was the beginning of a roll. I started to get out of sync on my bets, Kirsten was perplexed to see me acting so "off." I could tell she noticed so I just went for it. 

I handed her a key to a room that was in a paper sleeve, it read "an extra room, #335." She grabbed the key and read the inscription. She looked at me and didn't show any emotion. I was impressed, but nervous. 

"Can you color me up please" she said to the dealer. 

The dealer colors her out and she heads to the cashier without saying a word or implying anything. I am scared shitless! I assume she is pissed at my suggestion, and I secretly hope she will just not say anything, and go to bed. Oh boy, tomorrow could suck. "Whatever," I think, at least I put myself out there. I think she will respect it either way. Whatever happens, she is gone, she got her well deserved winnings and is either in her bed or waiting for me. She has been gone for 10 minutes. I thought she might stop back by and say goodnight but she is a ghost. 

I tell the dealer in a depressing voice "Color me out please." 

Why is it depressing? I am up about $1500, but the girl I long for is a complete mystery and is gone. I decide to just go to bed and deal with the repercussions in the morning. She will forgive me for it. I tip the cashier and head to my room. I put my money in my pocket with a mischievous grin. I am happy, but nervous. I am in the elevator , my room is on the 5th ﬂoor, but I stop long enough to just to hit the #3 button. 

"Shit Mike, she's not there, just go to bed," I tell myself. 

But I couldn't help but check. I had stopped at the front desk and requested another room. I asked that they let me pay cash and don't ask questions. 

I tipped them $50 and said, "Room 542 has my credit card, you can use it if you need to but keep this between us." 

The front desk man caught on and hooked me up as he gave me two cards and wished me good luck. Part of me just wanted to see the suite I had just rented and another part of me was hoping she'd be there. I mostly thought she was just pissed and went to bed, so I had the conﬁdence to go to the room. I didn't even knock, I just slipped my key in and opened the door. I step in and all I see is a landscape of city lights in the background with the silhouette of a woman's body in the middle. She is standing there in nothing but heels. 

Chapter 2

Man she is beautiful. More importantly she is here, for me. She is amazing. I can't believe what is happening. I walk up to her and nudge my mouth around her neck. Her eyes roll back into her head as I kiss her neck. She is beautiful and so fucking sexy. Her tits are ﬁrm and perfect with small nipples. Her ﬂat stomach leads my eyes to her shaved pussy. 

"Wow" I think. 

Actually she looks so much better naked than I dreamed of. My cock begins to harden. She notices it and I see her bite her lip. We say nothing. My middle ﬁnger runs up between her lips up to her clit and I begin to caress it. She tilts her head back and lets out a small moan. I feel her hand pass under my belt line and drop onto my hard cock. Oh I love that feeling!! I absorb every bit of that feeling. I want more of her. She caresses my cock with her hand as my hands explore all of her body. 

"I am going to get that clit into my mouth," I think to myself. 

In one motion I fall onto my back as I grab her hips and bring her onto my face. Her pussy aligns with my mouth. I tickle her clit with my tongue as I stare upward at her body. She is fucking sexy and she's riding my face with pleasure. 

She is getting into it, "Fuck my pussy," she says. 

I don't quit pleasuring her and I forcefully keep her on my face. 

"I'm gonna suck your cock right now," she screams. 

That was so hot I let her crawl off and take my cock in her mouth. I can tell right away that she was intimidated by my size. I was hoping it wouldn't phase her, but it's something I am getting used to. She didn't say anything about it, but I could tell by her expression that I was bigger than she was used too. I was just hoping I could give her a good fuck and wouldn't hurt her. 

Kirsten knows how to suck a cock. She sucked my cock with such precision and desire that my body shook with pleasure. I did not want her to stop. I don't think she wanted to stop either. She really wanted to suck my dick, and man did she ever. I was about to cum in her mouth when I stopped her by grabbing her hair and pulling her mouth to mine. I kissed her hard, tasting the saltiness of my cock on her lips. I was so turned on and wanted to take her. I grabbed her by the rib cage and slammed her against the wall. Grabbed my cock and pushed it into her pussy. It was ready for me. It went right in and I began fucking her harder and harder. I was in a dream land. She was my fuck toy and I was hers. I was going to make sure she got the fuck of her life. I slammed her hard against the wall. 

She moaned with pleasure and screamed "Fuck me, fuck me hard." 

I thrusted into her as hard as I could for as long as my body would allow. I got tired and she picked up on it. She dropped down to her knees and sucked my cock again. I was throbbing with desire for her. I caught my breath as I watched her head bob up and down along my shaft. After my breathing slowed, I pulled her up, kissed her, and threw her onto the bed. I grabbed her hips and slammed into her. I was enthralled with what was happening. She is so fun to fuck. I am loving every bit of her. I just kept slamming her as she begged for me to cum in her pussy. I wanted to, but I didn't want it to be over. But as I slammed into her, her moaning turned me on so much that I knew it wouldn't be long. 

"I'm cumming in you, I'm cumming in you" I moan. 

She says "Cum in my pussy...PLEEEAAAASSSE!" That sets me off, I can't hold back anymore. I cum in her and with every spurt I thrust deep into her pussy so she feels every bit of my orgasm. She screams with pleasure and lets out a satisfying gasp as her body shakes! 

She can barely talk as she breathes out, "Fuck. Yes." 

Damn that was good. 

She looks into my eyes and says "I haven't been fucked that hard ever." 

She stands up, and cum drips out of her pussy as she goes to the bathroom. I am in awe. That was fucking amazing. She walks out of the bathroom, smiles at me, walks over and kisses my lips and then walks towards the door. She doesn't even say goodnight. 

She just throws the key up in the air and says, "I hope you didn't just pay for one night." And like that she was gone.