 First story ever published. Dedicated to My muse CockyBitch from the forum. Love you like a fat kid loves cake.

*****

It was a normal day in the tutoring center. The clock was sluggishly ticking away. Scarlett was absolutely bored and had been for the last two hours. Her mind tended to wander when the day got to this tortuous crawl. She sighed, hoping something would change this droll monotony.

"BEEP" The tone went off that signaled that someone new had arrived. Awakened from her near-coma of dullness, she spied a young man heading toward her desk. He was slightly taller with broad shoulders, dirty blond hair, and glasses with black frames that accented his facial features. He was fresh faced, but looked slightly older than most of the other students who frequented the center. When he made his way over, she find him oddly attractive in a nerdy sort of way.

"Hello, how can I help you today?" Scarlett inquired politely.

"I kind of need to ask one of the tutors for some help," he awkwardly answered while looking down, "I need help with my algebra homework. It's the only subject I suck at." He looked really uncomfortable, and it was apparent he wasn't too self-confident.

"Alright, well we're both in luck." Scarlett quipped, "See I'm a volunteer here and part of my duties involves either watching the hands on the clock tick or to assist people who need my help." She smiled a slightly teasing smile and it caught the young man's attention. "My name is Scarlett, what's yours?"

"I'm Rich, but not really wealthy in any way shape or form," he awkwardly joked. Scarlett wanted to roll her eyes, but something about this goofy younger guy made her avoid the usual sarcasm she tended to exhibit. Plus, this guy looked so uncomfortable, she might scare him away.

"Well Rich, why don't we move to one of the tables?" She gestured behind him, and he started off to one in a corner. Following him, she thanked whatever powers exist that she was free from the purgatory of the front desk.

Three hours later, Rich was finally making sense of the assignments and had warmed up a bit to Scarlett who he insisted looked way too cute for a 36 year old. She started noticing how flirty he was becoming and she found it stroked her ego and boosted her own self esteem. She wasn't going to turn down this young mans attention. It was actually turning her on as to how much he was giving her. She put her hand on his shoulder and felt it was very strong. She felt a twitch come from him as she put her hand on him. 

"Wow Rich, you are really skittish." He turned a shade of crimson that made Scarlett smile. He tried to play it off, but he was not very good with a cherry red poker face. He quickly tried to play it off.

"N..No," he stammered, "My clothes are just a little uncomfortable." She could tell he was bullshitting, but couldn't understand why. She then saw him trying to readjust himself under the table. She had no idea that this kid was so easily stimulated. She leaned in close and whispered to him. "You know, its okay if you've just gotten a hard on, I won't judge you.I bet it happens all the time around all the college cuties." She could tell that her breath in his ear was doing something to him, but he was getting really embarrassed. Flustered, he quickly gathered up all of his things and tried to quickly vacate the area.

Scarlett gasped. Rich had a very obvious tent in his pants and by the looks of it, he had nothing to be shy about. It was clear he was definitely gifted. He looked at her very awkwardly and mustered a slightly hushed thanks for your help and then quickly rushed out the door. She felt a little pity for the guy; he clearly needed to boost his self esteem. With a package like that he could have any girl wrapped around him. She shrugged, and gave herself a mental high five, that she too still had all of her womanly charms.

She began her rounds about half an hour before the center closed. Table by table she quickly pushed in every chair. By the time she reached the table she was at earlier with the well-hung yet ridiculously shy young man. A sudden rattling disturbed her. After a few seconds, she realized it was a phone. He had left his phone in all that commotion! She picked it up and saw it had a missed call from what looked like the Campus Police Department, and suddenly the same number called again. She was able to swipe and accept the call.

"Hello?" Scarlett coolly inquired.

"Who is this?" A moderately annoyed voice demanded.

"Well, this is Scarlett over at the Tutoring Center"

"Oh Hi, This is Rich. I take it you found my phone. I assumed it was stolen and had to go to the campus P.D. to find it." He sighed "Thats a huge relief, sorry about the attitude, I just can't afford to replace it. Can I swing by and pick it up?"

"I'm sorry Rich, I'm already locking up, by the time you get here it will be in the safe. You'll have to come by tomorrow." She devilishly grinned and hung up the phone, then proceeded to power it off and place it in the safe. As the latch shut, a loud audible CLICK confirmed it and the stunning volunteer proceeded to finish locking up the building. Did she feel bad about what she did? Obviously, she did, but she knew this would give them an opportunity to get a little better acquainted. As she drove home, the young mans obscenely large cock worked its way into her imagination. Her husband, a mobile game designer, was not giving her much attention as of late and her lack of satisfaction made the best place to imagine getting reamed by a handsome young college boy like Rich.

Rich on the other hand was having a hell of a time. He thought that the woman was just trying to humiliate him. "This is what I get for even letting anyone in," he fumed "Every time I flirt I end up doing something stupid. How am I going to even go there tomorrow? She's probably going to just make a huge joke out of it all." The whole hard-on incident embarrassed him to a point of absolute mortification. She probably saw it and thought he was some sort of deranged pervert. He wished he had just left the phone in his pocket. He thought he might ask her for her number and then the shit hit the fan. The way her words hit his ear, Jesus! He heard them in his mind. She was so gorgeous, and the fact that she flirted back was blowing his mind. He decided to take his frustrations out in his room and as he came, he imagined doing it on the woman's face. He cleaned up and went to bed, slightly relieved.

The next morning, Scarlett kissed her hubby goodbye as he left for the weekend. She then proceeded to get dressed in a tight red T-Shirt, a skimpy red thong, black skinny jeans, and no bra. She was in very good shape and her beautiful form still had a youthful suppleness to it. After a moment of eyeballing her bodacious body, she decided to complete the look with her favorite pair of black heels. They added a nice eight inches to her petite form, and now she was ready to put on her make-up to seal the "looks that kill" image she took pride in.

It was finally the time to go to school and Rich felt full of dread, as he slowly made his way out of bed and proceeded to get ready. He put on his normal jeans and a t-shirt ensemble; he supposed he might as well brace for whatever torment he was about to receive. As he left the small apartment, he had no idea that all of his fears were about to become entirely erroneous and disappear with the breeze. He took the bus to school and meditated as the bus drove across town. A weird feeling started in his chest, and he began to relax, for his anxiety was slowly dwindling down. By the time he reached the school, he was cool as a hindu cow.

Scarlett was on a totally different wavelength. She felt like a wildcat in heat, planning how she would seduce this awkward, hung, young man. Scenarios were coming to her mind that made her quite wet and she found herself growing more and more impatient while waiting on him to arrive. She spotted him long before he noticed her and called out to him when he walked in the door.

"Rich!, Oh I'm soooo glad you are here. let's get that phone for you." He briskly hustled her way and looked extremely uncomfortable.

"Ms. Scarlett, about yesterday..." He stammered.

"Oh that?" a chuckle rose from the beautiful woman, "You don't have to apologize, its perfectly fine. Actually I found it rather flattering" she chided playfully. "If you think I'm that arousing, maybe I'm not losing my touch."

"I felt very embarrassed, I thought you'd think I was some sort of pervert."

"Richard," Scarlett's tone became commanding and strict, "You and I are both adults, if we did anything, I'd be perfectly fine with it." Her voice became a little more sympathetic, and sweet, "Tell you what, why don't we come back to my house and we can make good over some cookies and refreshments."

Rich almost choked on the air around him. "um okay," He weakly replied. Scarlett had bent over to retrieve the phone from within the safe and this gave the young man a great view of her shapely ass. A red thong teased his eyes and he suddenly became quite convinced that cookies and drinks sounded better than anything else at the moment.

Scarlett wiggled her ass in a gesture that came off as playful yet subconscious, however she knew what she was doing. Creating tension as she felt the young mans eyes nearly devouring her seductive form, she finally fished the phone from the safe and turned around. 

"Catch kid," she chuckled as she tossed him his phone. He nearly dropped it, seeing as his focus was elsewhere. 

"Thanks," he distractedly mumbled, "I think I'll take you up on that offer."

A wicked grin spread over the woman's face. The trap had sprung and now she would finally have a chance to get exactly what she wanted. She hoped that this wasn't going to be another disappointing encounter. 

"So, how about we head out to my place? I'm technically not scheduled and it doesn't seem like they will be needing me today." 

Rich could not believe what was happening. He stared blankly for a moment and then snapped back to his senses. He realized the opportunity that was his reality and in that very moment, like a moth to a flame, followed after Scarlett.

The drive to her house was vaguely misleading. They rode together and began to have moments of comedic similarity. 

"I had no idea anyone else liked that game, oh my god." Scarlett tried to fight back a laugh. "Its such a cult classic, and cheesier than porn acting"

Rich smiled, appalled at how much he related with her. "The voice acting is so bad, but that makes it so much better. You know what it reminds me of?"

On a whim she blurted out the first thing that came to mind. "B movie dialogue?" An weird silence fell over the car followed by the two of them laughing in unison.

"Holy fuck, yes!" This moment totally hit Rich in a wave of comfort. "How is it that you know what I'm thinking? Are you psychic?"

A coy smile broke out on her face. "No, I just have this super nerdy side that nobody really sees. I feel like I can really be myself around you. This is such a trip." The car rolled up to her driveway and the young man next to her exhaled deeply. She lived in a humongous home.

"This place is a fucking palace. Holy crap, its like the Taj Mahal" Rich was flabbergasted and it made Scarlett blush.

"You flatter me sweetie. Now wait til we get inside. I'll take your breath away if you're good." She sauntered up to the door. "How about we get started on those cookies?"

They entered her house and she began to playfully prance around on the way to the kitchen. Rich sat at the island and Scarlett walked toward the refrigerator. She opened up the door and grabbed a container of cookie dough. 

"Don't be fooled, I made the dough myself. Care to taste it?" She looked back at him as he nearly fell off the stool. "Its soft and flavorful, hell we could eat it raw if you like it enough." Transfixed, Rich watched the sultry woman waltz over and made fierce eye contact. He noticed that her outfit was very form fitting, and he could see the outline of her nipples poking through her shirt like two beads of amazing beauty. She opened the container and proceeded to coat her index and middle finger in the delicious dough. She offered them to him and her eyes had a shine to them as his lips made contact with her fingers. A small moan escaped her lips the moment his tongue swirled of her fingers, lapping up the sweet substance on them. His teeth gently nipped at her finger tips when she started pulling them out of his mouth. 

His brown eyes had gotten slightly darker and she get herself becoming wet. She wanted to return the favor and she swiftly caught his wrist and coated his fingers with some dough. Her soft lips engulfed his fingers and felt so confidently aroused when his eyes rolled back slightly as she sucked on his fingers. She fluttered her tongue along them in a fashion of intensive innuendo.

"If you think thats good, imagine what I can do with your cock." A groan of desire arose from within Rich and this encouraged Scarlett. She walked over to his side and placed her hand on his crotch. His cock was engorged and throbbing to her touch. A cruel smile spread like wildfire and her animalistic side took over. She grabbed his hair and pulled his head to the side. Her teeth sunk into his shoulder and she bit down hard. He gripped the counter tightly and she gleefully released her vice like bite. 

She then proceeded to kiss him and he kissed her back with burning intensity. As their tongues weaved together, the energy became electric. As they broke their kiss, Scarlett took hold of his bottom lip in her teeth. The sheer lust in Rich's eyes convinced her that she had ultimate power in this moment.

She started to lift up her shirt and on one of her perfect breasts, Rich spied a small tattoo. She looked at him and smeared some of the dough on her chest. "Lick it off, I need to feel that tongue again." He went to grab ahold of her and she dealt him a sharp smack across his face. "Easy there speedy, lick my tits like a Bluetooth device, hands free." She observed a sheepish smile arise on his face and they shared a quick laugh.

Then she regained her composure, and with the ferocity of a lioness pulled his face to her chest. With her heels on she was slightly shorter and was able to assert her dominance with a certain amount of ease. He was like a rag doll at first, but his submission was followed by the hungry lapping and suckling that Scarlett so desired. He began circling her nipples, and eventually she felt his lips home in on what she liked to call her secret. Her continued to suck, nibble and bite her nipple with a slightly increasing ferocity. She was finding herself on the verge and she pulled his head closer to her heaving chest. An orgasm started to overtake her like a torrential tsunami, and she started digging her nails into the nape of Rich's neck. Her body writhed as she hadn't experienced this sensation in a very long time. For a brief moment she almost toppled over, but was relieved when Rich was able to steady her. He went to kiss her and she pulled him into an embrace, which he returned. It was clear that the inferno of passion was ignited and there was to be much more where that had come from.

"Rich, that was amazing," Scarlett panted, "I need more of that side of you." She proceeded to lower herself in between his legs. She maintained the power and it spurred her on as she started to unbuckle the belt. He was rock hard and she undid his pants. 

With this woman having just climaxed with his help and now between his knees, Rich found himself rigid like marble. His cock strained against his pants and the only thing between this voluptuous vixen and his aching cock was a layer of fabric. He wiggled out of his boxers and his thick cock sprang out and practically slapped the lovely temptress in the face. She let out a cry of surprise and had an expression of approval on her flawless face. After a moment, he let out a groan of utter joy as the woman began to slowly kiss the underside of his organ and began stroking it slowly in her hand. Her glasses were on perfectly and he felt as if he was receiving an oral exam from heaven itself. This lovely visage of Aphrodite herself continued to stimulate his cock with plenty of tongue lashing and her other hand now cradled his balls, massaging them like an artist with clay or a baker kneading dough. Then like a python, she feverishly engulfed his entire cock. She barely even flinched when it hit the back of her throat. She began to bob on it rapidly and her eyes started to tear up. Rich panicked and pulled his cock out.

"Are you all right?" he politely pondered. He winced in a mixture of pleasure and pain as she dug her nails into his thigh. 

"Give me that back" she aggressively demanded, "I need your cum in my stomach!" With that, she proceed to reinsert his cock in her wanton mouth. Her pace went like a formula one racer in a time trial, and he felt his balls tighten. He started to groan which only gave Scarlett an encouraging feeling. In a matter of minutes, Rich threw his head back and practically howled as he pumped spurt after spurt of his warm milky cum down her warm, wet, inviting throat.

"Oh god, this is fucking incredible." exclaimed the now flushed young man. "Whoa Scarlett..." he tried to compliment her but was taken aback as she continued sucking, further savoring every drop and slowly revitalizing him to full hardness. She pulled him out of her mouth with a highly audible pop. She stood up and burned two holes in his eyes with her own.

"In 5 minutes, walk upstairs to my room." She then wandered away from him up the staircase to her room, dropping an article of clothing every so often in a Hansel and Gretel-esque fashion. She left her thong on and entered her room. She decided to put on her red corset lingerie with the black lace that made her go from the look of goddess to succubus in record time. She grabbed a yard stick from the closet and put her hair up in a messy bun. Her glasses completed the look and she was now in full slutty teacher mode. She called out for Rich in a very stern and demanding tone.

Alone in the kitchen, Rich stood in shock. Things had escalated quickly and he was still trying to wrap his head around the mind blowing experience was having. The words of his new lover slowly resonated in his head. His mind still swirling like a crystal ball of a gypsy, he regained his own senses and shambled down the hall. Kicking free of his downed pants and boxers, he stumbled down the hall wondering how this could be real. His former fear of humiliation had gone out the window from the moment she tossed him his phone earlier. He couldn't believe this twist of fate. His own lust was frothing like a whirlpool and he came closer to the door his mistress beckoned from. His rock hard cock led the way like the true north arrow of a compass. He nearly fainted when he opened the door to the sight of this advantageous nymphomaniac. 

"You are late, and thats something I won't tolerate." The woman sounded angry, but it was obvious she was in character. Her red ensemble and school teacher prop made her into a domina of legendary proportions. "Get on the bed Richard!" He walked to it and felt the error of his ways from the yard stick "CRACK!" He moaned as the sting of the wood smashed against his side. He yelped and hopped on the bed. Scarlett rolled onto him playfully and taunted him. "You are a slow learner, I can't believe how stubborn you are!" Rich looked up at her confused and she slapped him across the face. He felt the sting and his cock stayed at attention. 

Scarlett grabbed her yard stick and lined it up with his cock. "Hmmmm seven inches, not bad. I will need to test to see how well you can please me. You have potential, I'd hate to find out its all a waste. With that, she squatted over his face. He instinctively opened his mouth and she purred with approval. "Well Rich, it looks like you are that slow after all." Her wet sex met his mouth almost instantaneously and he lapped at her every crevice like a man starving for weeks,
