 "Alice! Holy Hell! Seriously! What are you doing here?"

"I'm so sorry Mr Aubrey. I called a couple of times and when you didn't answer, I got a bit concerned, so I rushed down to your room. Then, when you didn't answer my knocks I slipped the hotel maid five bucks to let me in. I told her I was your assistant, it was an emergency and I needed to see if you were all right. I'm so relieved to find you like this."

"I'm fine Alice, but, I'm also half naked! We agreed after the interview, em, experience we'd keep our relationship professional."

"Sure. Of course. But seriously, Mr. Aubrey, can I tell you, I'm so thankful you brought me along on this conference. It's so exciting. My room is off the hook! Fuckin' Vegas baby! It's my first visit. Sorry for the language, I tend to babble when I'm excited, but seriously, I'm so excited. Ok. Seriously. My real reason for dropping in like this, is I'd like to show you my dress before we head out to the gala this evening. I just started at the firm and I just don't want to disappoint or embarrass you by appearing too, eh, well, too slutty. So, what do you think?" With that she dropped her coat to the floor.

So, there was Jack, senior VP of Lewrie, Aubrey and Maturin Associates, freshly showered, but nearly naked, except for the towel around his waist, now confronted by his freshly hired, highly talented, twenty-something Executive Assistant, Alice Goodhead.. 

Her face beamed as she twirled about in a gorgeous little black dress that displayed all her feminine assets to a tee. The dress was a fit and flare silhouette thing that started mid-thigh, displaying her long thin legs wonderfully. It featured an all over jacquard leaf design, ribbon waistband, side zip, strapless, with a sweetheart neckline. Flirty and fun, the strapless bodice supported and presented her B, possibly C cup breasts like the treasures they were.

In case you're wondering, the only reason Jack knew all this stuff was his agency's long association with Victoria's Secret and their requirement that he knew everything about women's attire from garters to gussets.

With this outfit, Jack's new assistant was definitely going to be a prime target of all of the young executives at the gala tonight. He smirked to himself as he thought he was not sure if this was entirely a lambs to lions scenario. In this case the lamb might be devouring the lions.

Still he had to admit, Alice may actually have safely straddled that border between slutty and sexy with her provocative outfit. That was, so long as she didn't bend over. And, perhaps more importantly, so long as she was wearing panties.

And thus with this simple fashion exercise Jack was confronted by another emerging challenge.

Having just emerged from the shower, Jack was now becoming aware that the hotel towel wrapped around his waist was not adequate to properly contain his instinctive reaction to the beauty before him.

"Isn't it gorgeous! And not too slutty - right?," Alice said giggling, seemingly oblivious to Jack's emerging reaction. "I so love this dress and love dressing up," she said, "see how it doesn't flash too much," as she bent over at the hips, revealing the tops of her stockings.

Jack tried to be cool, but the bend-over move sent the final shot of blood to his engorged cock and it parted the towel, sticking out embarrassingly now between them. Jack moved quickly to tuck himself back undercover, just as Alice spun to face him. Now, he realized where is hand was he might look like he was grasping his crotch. Not a pose the HR department would give me credit for, he thought.

Alice stopped and was now looking at Jack's hand and the now very obvious bulge it was trying to cover.

Gotcha again, Mr. Aubrey. 

"Oh dear, Mr Aubrey, I think you really do approve very much of my dress," she giggled. Her smile was now a mischievous grin.

"And don't you love these stockings,?" she asked as she lifted the hem of her dress up to reveal not only the intricate lace of her stocking tops but the splendid garter belt and sheer dark lace panties that covered her delicious pert mound. "I so love wearing stockings and suspenders, they're so sexy and they always get me wet."

This might have been where Jack's jaw dropped.

"And look, they have seams," spinning and now revealing her panty covered ass. "So sexy don't you think? Also, my panties are full back - just like you like. I love the sheer lace, you see?" She spun to flash her perfectly covered back and front at me. "I wore them just in case I was exposed. Only sluts wear thongs, right?" She smiled, nodding.

"Right, Jack mumbled, "Wait. How did you know about the panties?"

"Jack. You're not very clever with that internet thing are you? Your tumbler and twitter feed are filled with your perverted notions. Don't worry, your secret is safe with me."

Alice giggled again mischievously, or perhaps a bit deviously, as she continued to present the features and benefits of her attire. Somehow she managed to close the space between them. Now less than a foot away, she drew Jack's attention to her breasts.

"So, Jack, is it ok if I call you Jack on these trips?" She didn't wait for a response, "Don't you love the way the dress supports my breasts. She pressed her breasts together and leaned slightly forward. Jack caught the first sensation of her scent: Floral, musky, sweet, hot. The view was fantastic.

Then with a devilish smile, she said quietly, "Don't you just love my tits! Can you imagine sliding your cock between them?"

Just a minute, thought Jack, did she say, "Tits?" More importantly did she say, "imagine sliding your cock between them?"

"See they don't even need a bra," as she turned the dress top down, exposing her girls to me. "See how they stand up." Next, she gave her nipples a pinch and then tugged the dress top back in position, a sly smirk on her face. 

"OH I almost forgot! Last but not least, don't you love these shoes." She modelled her right foot, rotating it back and forth, showing off her elegant calve and thigh. "They're Manolos," she smiled sheepishly, "a splurge from the hiring bonus you gave me. I'm kinda hoping for a bigger raise on this trip."

She looked into his eyes, reached out and softly touched the hand covering Jack's "problem". Now, he could smell her perfume and sensed the heat rising from her breasts which rose and fell with each breath. "I think I know how to fix this for you", she said." Her eyes dropped to the hand clutching his towel.

With the heels on, Alice was exactly at his height. She leaned in and kissed Jack lightly on the lips, lightly flicking her tongue, delicately poking it in his mouth. Her hot sweet breath, the scent of her lipstick, her perfume now assaulted Jack's senses. Fully under her spell and powerless to resist her seduction she softly pulled his hand off the towel. The towel dropped, her eyes now seemed to lock on his soul. Her hand grasped his cock firmly, "This cock is mine now; understand"

She pulled him firmly toward her. Jacks lips now crushed on her soft hot lips, his tongue plunged into her mouth. This was the point of no return.

Suddenly she broke the kiss. Her mouth moved next to Jack's ear, and she squeezed his rock-hard erection. "So Boss, you want me to suck your cock? Do you want to cum on my face? Do you want me to be your dirty little cum slut?" 

Jack was startled by this change in tone but could summon no strength to resist. "Yes! "

Without another word Alice dropped to her knees. She looked at him through her brow and engaged eye contact as she spit lubed and softly stroked his cock.

"You've a nice cock, boss. Not big, yea I won't kid you, I've fucked bigger, but it's not small either. Frankly, if they're too big I can't take them all the way down or in. Yours - no problem. Your cock will be fucktastic."

Then she turned her eyes to the task at hand and devoured him whole.

Jack felt like his cock had been plunged into a hot oil bath. Her tongue swirled about his shaft like hot lava. Releasing him from her mouth with an loud pop, she squeezed him from the base to the head forcing precum to ooze from his slit, 

"Ohhh precum! I love precum" Pursing her lips, she spread Jack's nectar over her lips. Looking up at him, she said, "Mmmm, This is the best lip gloss, don't you think?"

"The best," he mumbled.

Jack was now pretty sure how this would end. He was in the control of a Succubus. Now he understood how they got their name. He was going be sucked, fucked and left for dead. The coroner would stamp his death certificate: "SCF - Suck Cummed to Fellatio - Death by blow job". And Jack was all ok with that. After all, what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas.

Returning her attention to his cock, her soft tongue once again taunted its sensitive head. If butterflies sucked cock, that is what it would feel like: Heaven!. Alice teased his sensitive frenulum with this flutter action, then looking directly into his eyes drove her red lips along his shaft from tip to to base engulfing him completely once again. Withdrawing slowly with full suction, her eyes smiled. This woman knew exactly the torture she was subjecting Jack to. 

"You thirsty for more? Cause I am," she smiled and then she began a furious head bobbing motion, letting out judicious amounts of saliva to lubricate the shaft, emitting soft moans that added that vibrato that drove men wild. At the same time as Alice's mouth worked tirelessly on Jack's cock she gently teased his ball sack with her fingers and nails with soft brushes across his precious virgin ass hole. Jack thought, "Would she? Don't. Touch. Me. There. Fuckit! Yes! Touch me there!"

Alice picked up the pace. Faster and faster she went, wetter and sloppier. She continued to look up at him for confirmation, praise. Jack was in ecstasy. His knees were jelly, twitching out of his control. He grasped her head, unsure how to hold on without breaking the pleasure.

He urged her on, "That's it, baby. Suck my cock, you dirty little cum slut. Oooh, fuck, that is fantastic. God you look gorgeous." She bobbed harder and finally came up for air. She kneeled lower and took one of his balls in her mouth giggling.

"You like that? Mr. Aubrey. You gonna give me a big load. You're gonna blow your creamy wad all over my pretty face," she said as she stroked his spit lubed cock with her hand. Jack's knees were quivering, his heart pounding, breath shortening.

"Cum for me Jack, I want you to cum. I want to feel that hot spunk on my face."

Jack's breathing quickened and he couldn't look at anything else now except her tongue licking the head of his cock. Suddenly she swooped onto his cock again, taking the head into her warm and wet mouth. That was it, Jack gave a long groan, "I'm gonna cum."

"That's it, Boss, Let me see you cum! Cum on me. Cum on my face," her eyes sparkling, "make me your dirty cum slut."

"Ooooohhhh. Mmmmmph. Oooohhh." 

Jack pulled his cock from Alice's mouth. She flicked her tongue up over her lips, savouring his taste, her eyes searched his face as he finally gave into a powerful full body orgasm, one deep moan escaping from deep within him. His cock pulsed powerfully and he felt the first spurt of cum erupt and land on her cheek. She closed her eyes as more blobs pasted her nose and forehead. Again she wrapped her red lips around his cock head capturing the last few blasts until Jack was completely drained and nearly at the brink of passing out.

"Wow! That was awesome!"

Alice scraped the spilled spunk that had landed on her face with her long fingers into her mouth, savouring each smear. "Fuck, I love the taste of a man!"

Jack pulled Alice up to her feet and kissed her lustfully, tasting his own cum on her lips and tongue for the first time. She laughed and pulled him onto the bed with her.

So, Jack, she said breathlessly, "What do you think of the dress? Too slutty or not?