 Despite their built-up desire for each other, so satisfying was their first epic fuck that Ben and Geniya slept right the way through until the early hours of the morning. After they finished that first marathon session, Geniya spent ten minutes of enjoying Ben's weight and fat cock inside of her, then gently rolled to her side so he was spooning her, but with him snuggled right up to her, hand to her small breasts and her joyful heart, keeping his organ buried delightfully inside her for the next time it stirred. 

That time was around six, when hunger for food and lovemaking brought them around, more or less together. Ben was first to wake, pulling Geniya close to him, and whispering "Good morning" in her ear as he gave her a few gentle strokes of his cock that was rapidly stiffening, and still embedded deep into her. The sound of his voice brought her fully around and caused her vagina to begin to pulsate and moisten. Within a dozen more lazy pumps, her cunt was sloppy with arousal. Then Ben had an idea.

"I want you to suck me off, Geni," he said, in a deep passionate voice that was a mixture of telling, asking and pleading. "I've been waiting for your mouth for so many long years. No one ever sucked me like you can."

Geniya was overjoyed at this suggestion and wasted no time clambering her skinny body between his strong thighs and ducking down to slurp on his thickness.

"Oh baby, you have no idea how I missed it too," she confessed. "Let me get a morning load out of you so our next fuck can be a long one, OK?"

Ben's answer was to stroke her hair and gently force her mouth down to accept the head of his throbbing cock. 

Geni sucked hard at first, to bring it to full stiffness while her hand gave a light caress of the root and balls. She swallowed all of the mixture of his sperm and her cunt juices, which had dried to a paste on his shaft and head.

Then she pulled it out and looked at how the precum ebbed out of his pisshole. No sooner had she licked or sucked up one stream when another replaced it. It was like a fountain, and she was love-struck by this reminder that Ben was the juiciest man she had ever known. She loved to suck cock juice, and in particular Ben's -- it was delicious and of course it made it even more sweeter that she was in love with him and that she had not been able to suck him for such a long time.

*

Meanwhile, back in the village, the same heady sexual atmosphere was hovering over everyone, it seemed.

In her room, Sally-Anne was using her skilled and practised fingers to work herself into a silent frenzy while she imagined doing exactly what Geniya was doing for real. Since she had spied Ben's thick cock, she had not been able to get it out of her head, and she had already decided that she was going to seduce him. She knew it would be easy, that he was a very sexual and horny man, and that he wanted her. It seemed to her that maybe something had happened between Ben and Irina before her and her dad had gotten back the day before. If so, it proved that Ben was more than happy to have sex with every woman that he could.

After a while, her fingers were not enough, and since she could hear stoner rock music coming from her dad's bedroom, she knew it was safe to get out her dildo and stuff herself with that. It took less than two minutes from the time of insertion for Sally-Anne to come all over the fake cock, and in her mind it was Ben's hard and thick length POUNDING into her and making her go crazy. Sally-Anne knew that by divination she had somehow stumbled upon the answer to her thoughts: that she would entice him with hard, rough sex -- which she knew not all women were willing to give, and which she had herself wanted since her sexuality had first bloomed as a young woman; wanted, but had never received.

And in her room, Irina was furiously riding Will and imagining that he was Ben. Several times per hour for each of the eighteen or twenty hours since Ben's cock had slipped out of her, Irina had thought about how it had felt to be stuffed full of his fabulous and thick penis, and how she wanted him so badly to return and fuck her hard and fill her up with his sperm.