 As the side of her face pressed firmly against the wall, his cock pressed relentlessly against her ass. Jackson was relentless as he lifted up her skirt and began massaging her clit through her panties. Kat's response was swift as she started moaning uncontrollably; she grabbed his fingers and slid them frantically into her panties. The warmness of her clit made him want to explode all over her, but no, not yet.

Releasing his hand from her core, he suddenly spins her around pelting her on the bed. Kat lifted her shirt over her head hastily and pulled her bra down just below her breast. A vision of succulent perfection, her breast wavered as she positioned herself on the edge of the bed. Jackson dropped his pants kicking them into a corner as he made his way over to the side of the bed.

Kat couldn't help fixating on his cock as it stood towering before her. All she could think of was the taste of him in her mouth as she wrapped her hands around his massive erection. Kat had massaged the tip of Jackson's cock playfully with her lips before she took him into her mouth completely. Gently guiding her head back and forth with his hands, he was close to the edge yet again as he pulled his cock from her mouth.

Edging her way back on the bed, she parted her legs and held her arms out to him. As Jackson laid on top of her, he pushed his tongue into her mouth as his body began to take over. Without hesitation, Jackson pushed his cock deep inside her, each thrust more powerful inching her closer to orgasm.

The sound of his body colliding with hers rang out throughout the room, but neither of them wanted to stop. Kat's knees tightened around him as she began to come, clenching her body around his. As she screamed out in a fury of unwavering passion, Jackson grabbed her hips rocking her back and forth steadily as he began spilling his essence inside her.

Silence filled the room as they laid there naked, unsure about what comes next. All good things must come to an end Kat thought, and this was no different. Although she had only just met Jackson, she thought highly of him. It had only been a few days since she started her new job, and the pressure was getting to her.

Being a female in a male-dominated field was hard enough, but working for the Bureau was something she always wanted. Jackson was new to the job too, but he had much more experience in the field than her. Her attraction to Jackson was immediate as she walked into the break room. As he stirred his coffee, she couldn't help but notice his huge arms and how his pants showed just enough of a bulge that you knew you were in for something good.

"Hey, you're the new girl right?"

"Yep, that would be me."

"The names Jackson, pleased to meet you."

"Oh, I'm sorry, Kat, that's my name."

Kat marveled at the emerald tones of his eyes; she had never seen such a shade of green before. As she shook his hand, she could feel her nipples responding viciously in her bra.

"I don't know if Brad spoke with you already or not but I'll be your mentor so to speak, and will be updating you on what we have in the case so far."

"Well, thanks for the info Jackson, and it was nice meeting you also."

Kat jetted off to the bathroom right after Jackson left the break room; it was like her body flew into auto-pilot, and she couldn't stop it. Checking to see if anyone was there, she went into the stall and leaned up against the wall as she shut the door. Undoing her pants button and damn near ripping her zipper, she licked the tip of her two fingers and parted the lips of her core.

Her clit was wet and warm, aching to be stroked. She couldn't believe that she was getting off in the bathroom on the job, but she didn't care, plus she liked the naughtiness of it all. Massaging her clit in a circular motion didn't last long before she came.....hard. Biting her bottom lip was all she could do to contain the slow whimpering tones coming from her mouth.

As her knees turned to jelly, she lowered herself onto the toilet seat and buried her face in her hands as she began to regain her composure. "This has to stop," she thought, "I have to control my urges." Controlling her urges was something that Kat seemed to struggle with continuously. The fact that she wasn't the "average" female was enough for her to do her best at being as normal as possible.

Although she knew she was different, fitting in with the other girls back when she was in school was important. Her mother always told her "look like them, act like them, be "them." Pretending became her best asset, and her secret was a well-kept one.

Kat's work day seemed endless as she went from meeting to meeting, but she loved looking at him. Tall dark and handsome was an understatement when it came to Jackson, and every so often he would look over and catch her staring at him. The end of the day finally arrived, and Kat rushed to gather her things.

"So, I see your still breathing," Jackson said as he walked by her cubicle.

"Yeah, she chuckled, I was the first one here, and I'm the last to leave, well "we" are."

"You did great for the first day Kat, I think you'll fit in just fine around here." "Hey, a few of us are meeting up at the pub around the corner, you should come?"

"Um, I don't think that's such a good idea, I don't want to intrude." The fact of the matter wasn't the intruding part, it was that she would rather have him all to herself.

"One drink, I promise not to bore you with office bullshit."

"Okay, but just one, any more than that and we'll all be in trouble."

Jackson smiled as they left the office building together. As he held the door of the Pub open for her, he watched her walk in from behind, and he was enjoying the view. Her ginger hair flowed freely down the middle of her back, and the smell of strawberry shampoo lingered under his nose. He knew she'd been staring at him at work, and it made him hard.

During his lunch hour that day he watched her warming her food in the microwave, he was so hard that he didn't move from the table until after everyone else had left. Jackson thought about what it would be like to come inside her, how she'd moan as intense pleasure overtook her body. Maybe he wouldn't come inside her at first, maybe he would work his cock himself as he came all over her breast while she massaged them. Sighing, he thought Kat was beautiful, but he would never cross the line with a co-worker, those things always ended in disaster...right?

"Hey you?" Kat said as she waved her hand in front of Jackson's face. "Where'd your mind jet off to?"

Suddenly snapping out of his daydream, he looked at her as he guzzled his third beer, and that's not counting all of the tequila shots he had. All of the other co-workers had left, or had they even came? It had just been the two of them as far as he was concerned, and they both had way more than one drink. As the night wore on, Kat knew what would happen if she weren't careful, and she knew she should be leaving.

The huge flat screens in the pub played loudly as the bar patrons fixated on the Basketball game, but Kat and Jackson sat silently staring at each other as the mood changed from funny to serious. Jackson took Kat's hand suddenly and placed it on his pants. The feel of his hard cock sent waves of heat down into her core. She didn't dare move her hand away; she began moving her hand back and forth graciously as he started to squirm.

Without hesitation, he unbuttoned his pants while glaring around the pub to make sure no one was looking. It was so dimly lit in that corner booth that the chances of someone seeing them would be next to none. As he dug his hands into his pants pulling his cock out; Kat was astounded as the length of it went just past the table top.

Kat's mouth watered with delight at the sight of Jackson's cock; she wanted him, and he knew it. Kat slid over further into the booth and dropped her head down and began sucking his cock intensely as he closed his eyes. On the verge of coming, Jackson began pushing Kat's head down taking him deeper into her mouth. Kat could feel the warm burst of fluid in her mouth as he came; she reached up and edged her way up close to him.

"Let's go," she said as he sat there breathless.

"Where?"

"My place," Kat replied as she hailed a taxi. Kat could hardly contain herself as they made their way up the hallway, kissing and groping each other as they made their way up to the bedroom.

"Where the hell are we?" Jackson was unfamiliar with the area, and he'd thought he'd been everywhere in New York.

"Don't worry about that," Kat replied as she ripped his shirt open. Kat bent over as her naked silhouette glistened in the moonlight coming through the window.

Placing his hand on her hips, he entered her core from behind pounding her pussy hard as he held on to her tightly. Fucking her felt so good, it was like nothing he'd experienced before with other women. It was almost as if her pussy had an elite vacuuming system designed to suck the life out of anything it latched on to. Feeling as if his knees were going to buckle, he tried to release his cock a bit so that he wouldn't come, he needed more of her, and he didn't want to stop.

Kat's moan was more than enough to keep him going if he could fuck her forever it wouldn't suffice. As Kat cried for more, she felt the uncontrollable urge of what she was hiding, and this time she wouldn't be able to control it. As Jackson continued fucking her mercilessly, her moans became more intense, almost sinister. Jackson started to slow down as her tone of voice changed, even the feel of her skin suddenly seemed off. Jackson tried to release his cock from her pussy, but it was like he was glued in.

Kat, what's happening? I can't........Fuck!

Kat never answered as Jackson struggled to get loose; her moans grew louder as her pussy swelled with the warm rushes of Jackson's cum. Jackson's knees dropped, and they both fell to the floor. After coming more than once, Jackson was finally able to release himself from her pussy, but she wouldn't look at him. She turned her body away from him and began sobbing inconsolably. Although it was bit difficult for him to move as his body was still beaming from one hell of an orgasm, he sat up, confused.

"Please go."

"What? No, what's wrong?" "What the hell just happened?" "What the hell is going on with your skin?"

Still unable to look at him, Kat curled up into a fetal position on the floor. Kneeling over her, Jackson turned her towards him as she covered her eyes with her hands. "Pulling her hands away from her face, Jackson was startled when he saw her eyes. Her eyes weren't brown anymore; they were red, bloodshot red.

"Holy shit, what the hell happened to your god damn eyes?" "Your skin is.....what the fuck is this?" "I don't know what's going on here, but I'm getting the fuck outta here!"

"Wait, I can explain Jackson, just let me, please?" "I thought I could control it, but it's been hard lately."

"What exactly are you try to control Kat?" Jackson backed slowly into the corner as Kat turned around completely. "Inching his way towards the bedroom door, Jackson couldn't believe his eyes. Her body was covered with what seemed to be scales of some sort. Her eyes were so red that he couldn't stare directly at them.

"Sometimes when I get aroused, my body has a reaction and it's not pretty."

"What are you? I don't know any humans capable of.....this."

"Mating is challenging for us, humans can't keep up, and there aren't many males left of our kind."

"Your kind? And what do you mean by "us."

"I'm a "Bavanshee, and yes, there are more of us."

"Ba-what?"

"We are Sex Demon's; we gain power from being aroused and having intercourse." "Many of us drink blood from our male suitors also, I do not." "I was cast out by my people for refusing to drink blood; I just don't agree with that part."

"Holy fuck... Blood?"

"Don't worry Jackson, I'm not going to hurt you." "Since I don't drink blood, I must rely wholly on arousal and intercourse to gain strength, without it I will die." "Most days I can control it, but when too much time has passed without orgasm, my body begins to give in to the urges."

Although Jackson was still terrified, he didn't leave; something made him stay.

"When my pussy attaches to your cock, I can't let go until my body has filled with your cum, it's like fuel for me." "When I suck you off, it's not just pleasure for me, its life." "I wanted you to cum in my mouth back at the Pub; that warm rush down the back of my throat illuminated my body."

Kat's face is starting to look healthy again as she continued to explain her situation to Jackson. As her eyes turned back to a beautiful chestnut brown, her skin was once again like porcelain.

"My transformation is usually brief; my body goes back to normal soon after reaching an orgasm."

Jackson no longer felt fear; intrigued consumed him; he wanted to know more about her. Jackson sat in the chair as he listened to her speak, his cock hardening once again. Sensing his arousal, Kat could feel her clit beginning to pound between her thighs. She couldn't help but to touch herself, and she didn't care that he watched. Laying back down on the floor, Kat parted her legs and massaged her clit deliciously as Jackson looked on.

Reaching down into his boxers, he didn't hesitate pulling his cock out; he wanted her to see how much he still wanted her. Jackson palmed himself fixating his eyes on her fingers as they worked her clit salaciously. Suddenly pelting himself from the chair, he kneeled on the floor taking her hand away from her core. His mouth overtook her clit as she arched her back moaning loudly. Licking and sucking her core until she came, Jackson lifted his head watching her body beginning to calm.

Jackson's cock was still hard as she slid his body up hers nesting himself comfortably between her legs. Taking him into her hands, she guided his cock into her pussy as her body lit up again. Jackson didn't care about what could happen once he came inside her, Kat's pussy engulfed his cock like nothing he'd ever had before, and he couldn't get enough of it.

The wetness of her pussy set his body on fire, as his cock surged, filling her graciously with creamy delight. Gasping to catch his breath, his body collapsed as he pressed his lips gently against hers. Kat's eyes had changed into a sea of red again, but Jackson didn't care, nor did her care about the sudden change in her skin when she came. Jackson looked on curiously as Kat struggled to regain control of her breathing.

"I know, I'm hideous, you don't have to look at me."

"Okay, enough of the pity party Kat, you're different, that we have established." "Being different don't make you a horrible person, it just makes you different."

"Don't fucking patronize me Jackson, I'm a freak, an inhuman monster, don't pretend you're okay with it." "Look, you should probably go, I know you won't ever speak to me again, but it's understandable."

"Nonsense, I'm not going anywhere...at least not until I can regain full use of my legs again".

"Chuckling" Seriously? You want to stay?"

"Look lady, you drained my balls down to the very last drop, the very least you could do is make me breakfast in the morning, I take my coffee black." "Now get your ass over here, I think my balls are starting to refill again, we can't have that now can we?" They both laughed hysterically as she jumped into bed with him pulling the covers up over their heads.