 Just want to thank the readers who have commented on my stories. For those who like my style, I'll keep it up for as long as I can. For those who don't... lighten up, this is supposed to be fun!

*

I woke up about 5:30am in the morning to the soft breathing of Jasmine my wife. We were spooning and her ample bottom was nestled snugly on my stomach. I felt horny which was not unusual at that time of the morning even though my wife and I had made love for most of the night. I wanted to have sex again and I wondered if she would be up to it. Jasmine is a strong lady but when it came to copulation she boiled over too quickly. I listened to her gentle snores for a while before my fingers traveled from the base of her stomach to her heavy breasts. Her flesh felt warm in my hands as I softly massaged her supple skin. She woke when I gently tweaked her nipples and she grunted slightly and yanked my hands away.

"Get lost" she mumbled and soon dozed off again. I sighed and got out of bed.

It took me till 6:30am to prepare for work and I was having my breakfast in the kitchen when my wife eventually came downstairs in a robe. She stood uncertainly at the door with a guilty expression on her face. 

"Why didn't you call me to get you breakfast?" she demanded. She tried to give me an accusing glare. 

"I didn't want to bother you, Babe" I said smiling as I took a tentative sip of hot coffee, "I guessed you needed plenty of rest after all that thrashing around last night."

She blushed deeply and my smile got broader. I never could understand Jasmine. At nearly six feet in height she was a tall imposing lady and her stern countenance made her look even more formidable. Even though she had a killer figure she always dressed conservatively and very rarely exposed her thighs or cleavage unless we were alone. You would think she was a prude but nah... whenever we were having sex all her inhibitions were gone with the wind. She was probably the best cocksucker in six states and whenever we climaxed it was me that screamed out her name. But she easily got tired. I found it frustrating so I had to make sure our lovemaking was slow and stretched out for as long as possible like a broke ass drunk nursing his last drink.

"I'm fine" she said haughtily "Just a little... sore."

"Anything you say, Babe." I downed my coffee and stood up. She watched me quietly as I picked up my briefcase and walked towards her. I put an arm round her waist and kissed her quickly on the mouth.

"Don't wait up for me, Darling" I said as I drifted away from her but not before I got a good feel of her firm ass, "I've got tons of work to do."

She told me she hadn't intended to wait up for me anyway and that I should bring back a gallon of milk. I smiled again. Jasmine is a great gal; she loves to cook, clean and when she's up to it, fuck but when it came to showing emotion she was glaringly deficient. Not that it bothered me. I loved her anyway.

I got to my office a little late after I struggled with the morning traffic and I was a bit pissed by then. I own an advertising company and as the boss it wouldn't really matter if I was late. However I was conducting interviews for a new secretary and I wanted to finish them on time. My last secretary, a very faithful young lady with big boobs and even bigger glasses had decided to get married and reallocate. I was broken hearted because she was as efficient as a well oiled machine. I hoped selfishly that she would divorce the fool and come back to me.

A long line of hopeful ladies lined the reception and I studiously ignored them as I walked briskly into my office. My PA, Mathew, asked me whether he should start bringing them in one by one and with a tired sigh I told him to get on with it.

The third lady seemed promising. She was huge in size although she had a pretty face and all the flesh was still in the right places. As the interview wore on she appeared to be smart and intelligent. I must confess now that I have one special quality I look for when I'm recruiting female staff: sex appeal. If a lady doesn't have it then it was very unlikely that I would hire her. That's sexist I know but what is a man to do? I can't be in close contact with someone I find unattractive, it would be counterproductive. It would mean that I would be avoiding the office a lot instead of rushing to be there. I liked this woman a lot, at least apart from her credentials being in tip top shape I would get gratification from staring at her big tits and ass but I wanted to know something else.

"One more thing... er... off the record, are you married?" 

She looked apprehensive when she said yes.

"But you're not wearing a ring?" 

She told me that she was afraid her marital status wouldn't get her the job and that's why she decided to remove it before coming for the interview. She also said her husband was a lowlife schmuck who had caused her plenty of grief. I sympathized with her and told her that she didn't need to worry: I was a fair man.

"My PA will get back to you as soon as possible and let you know when you can start" I lied cheerfully, "Have a nice day."

The next ten to fifteen women were either too ugly but smart or smart but too married. I was getting frustrated and the day was almost gone. She was the last one in. I was scowling at her credentials when she greeted me and it was her deep, husky voice that made me look up in interest.

She wasn't tall; in fact she was rather petite. She was smartly dressed in a white blouse and black mini-skirt but on closer inspection you noticed that the blouse was slightly see-through revealing a white lace bra that cupped a pair of perky breasts. Her mini-skirt was an inch too short for decency but she had excellent legs with white thighs that were as smooth as silk. Her face was a bit long and so was her nose but she more than made up for it with a pair of alluring eyes and full sensuous lips. She had this eager to please demeanor about her that made me want to pin her to the ground and ravish her.

"Hi" I said, eyeing her appreciatively, "Can I know who you are?"

She told me her name was Priscilla (which I thought was a daft name) and that this was her first interview. I asked her to tell me her special skills. She rambled for a few minutes before my suspicions were confirmed that she was airier than a football field in fall.

"Well, Priscilla" I said heavily "I don't think you are qualified for this position. You have no special secretarial skills, no work experience and frankly not the right aptitude for this kind of work."

She leaned forward and her cleavage seemed jump out of the v of her blouse and onto my face.

"Please, sir" she begged softly, "I really, really need this job. I have a young kid to look after and his dad doesn't want to have anything to do with him. I used to work as a stripper but I don't want my son to grow up in that kind of environment. This is my first chance to get a real job. I'll do anything you want, sir... ANYTHING."

I sat back and considered her. She really was very pretty and I felt sorry for her but hiring her would mean me having to spend money to train her. Michael my PA would never forgive me. There was only one thing left to ask her.

"Are you married?"

"No, I'm single... very, very single!"

I sighed and picked up the phone.

"Michael, tell the other ladies to go home and you can go too when you finish up. I'll... er... have to brief our new secretary."

Michael's hiss of disgust did not faze me as I stood up and went to my door to lock it. Priscilla watched me expectantly. I went to an easy chair and sat down.

"Okay, darling" I said as I faced her, "Against my better judgment I'm going to hire you but you have one more test."

"What, sir?" The hopeful expression on her face saddened me but she had to somehow pay for putting me in a disadvantage. After all I was hiring her because of her kid... okay, she has a killer body as well but what would Jesus do?

I signaled her to stand up. She did so quickly. 

"Alright, give me a show" I said as I reclined further into the chair, "On the house."

She smiled and slowly began to dance to some tune in her head as she unbuttoned her blouse. When she pulled it off I was amazed with how perfect her breasts were. They were pear shaped and pointed and seemed to poke through the lace fabric. I could clearly see her dark colored nipples. My hand immediately went to stroke my crotch.

Next, she wiggled out of her mini-skirt, no mean feat since her hips were so wide. All she had on were a very brief pair of white panties. I could tell she shaved herself clean. She really was very beautiful. She looked like a mannequin in a lingerie store window. 

Off came the bra. My mouth fell open. Truly, these were the sexiest pair of tits I had ever seen. She cat-walked up to me and with her hips barely inches away from my face, slowly pulled down her panties. She was as smooth as a baby, opulent, puffy and moist. My cock was now in attention, creating a tent in my pants. I had only wanted to watch strip but now I knew I must have her.

She knelt before me and gently massaged my bulge before zipping down my fly and pulling out my member which was now as stiff and as hard as tempered steel. I groaned as she stroked my shaft expertly with her tiny hands, her fingers sliding under to gently squeeze my balls.

She bent her head and covered my cock with her warm mouth, her tongue lashing around it. She sucked me thoroughly for a couple of minutes while I gripped the armrests and grunted helplessly. She would also pull me out of her mouth and lap at my balls. Finally I couldn't take it anymore and with a deep, guttural groan, I came. She deftly gulped down my cum and slowly licked the head clean. I motioned her to sit on my lap and for the next couple of minutes I unhurriedly kissed and sucked her breasts till I was hard again. I then lifted her up and slowly impaled her on my cock.

She gasped as my huge cock filled her up completely and she moaned and squealed as I lifted her up and down with my hands on her waist. The back of her thighs made slapping sounds against mine and the room was filled with the squishy and wet noises of our lovemaking. It took me a long time to come and Priscilla bravely rode me throughout. I clasped her tightly as I pushed my face into her breasts and I seemed to cum forever inside her. She shuddered a second later and grabbed my head tightly as she gave a sharp cry of intense pleasure. We sat like that for a long time before we spent another couple of minutes kissing each other.

"Okay, darling, you've got the job" I said finally.

"Thank you, sir." Her smile of gratitude was worth all the sins I've ever committed.

"Be here early tomorrow to start work." I fished in my pocket and pulled out a wad of money. "Buy something for your boy."

She hugged me tightly and I saw that she was crying. I felt weird.

"Hey" I said gently as I wiped her tears, "That's enough. Now run along."

She gave me a long deep kiss before dressing up and unlocking the door. She stared at me for a couple of seconds before leaving. I knew I had gotten another faithful secretary. I sat back and pulled out a pack of cigarettes. I lit up a stick and replayed the incident in my mind as I puffed rings at the ceiling. Then I remembered Jasmine wanted me to fetch some milk. I sighed and reluctantly got up.

Women.