 The day was cold and rainy when you got the call from me. There would be a limo waiting for you after work. You were not to pack anything, all is taken care of. Just get in the limo and let it take you to your destination. You trusted me and I could hear the excitement in your voice just before I hung up.

It was still raining when the limo arrived. It’s not what you expected. A black Durango R/T. Inside it had been converted to a very comfortable ride, with a TV, DVD, pillows and blankets, and even a small refrigerator. Your driver informed you of the destination… Niagara Falls.

Some hours later you finally see the falls. Your excitement builds as you cross the bridge into Canada. The driver turns and you begin to ascend a hill. At the top of the hill is a very modern house. The SUV stops and the driver opens the door. You step out onto an ornate marble sidewalk. It is very quiet and you can hear the sound of a storm in the distance. You begin walking along the path, the only sound is the clicking of your heels against the sidewalk. Soon, you come to a 12 foot waterfall, emptying into a koi pond. You stop and admire the fish for a few minutes, resting after your long drive. 

From the pond you see a large chrome and glass door. You walk over and try it and the door swings silently open. As you step into the foyer you hear the rumbling of taiko drums from another room in the house. You follow the sound and enter a large living room with a leather sofa, glass tables and many hi tech goodies. You grin because you know what a techie I am. Through the sliding glass doors you see the deck with an amazing view of the falls.

As you stand out on the deck admiring the falls, you look to the west and see a storm coming. Large purplish-black clouds with lightning lighting them up. A slight breeze kicks up, but it’s not cold yet. 

I watch you for a few moments from the doorway. You are beautiful, red hair down just past your shoulders, a nice full butt stretching the tight black dress you are wearing. Black high heeled shoes that shape your calves into the beautiful diamond shape I love so much. I walk over to you and approach you from behind. My hands encircle your waist and you lean back into me. I kiss your neck and hear the murmur of appreciation. You try to turn, but I don’t let you. I continue to kiss your neck and shoulders. My hands begin to lightly stroke your hips and stomach. You moan softly. My touch has always excited you.

As I kiss and touch you, I feel you pushing back against me. I know you can feel the hardness in my pants, but you don’t react. This will prolong our mutual seduction. Slowly I begin to caress your breasts, they are large and heavy, the way I remembered them. I can feel your nipples begin to harden under my touch. You moan softly as I continue to pinch and squeeze them. Finally, I allow you to turn and face me.

We look into each others eyes and smile. No words, only kisses are exchanged. Our mouths meet and tongues begin to intertwine. I can taste your gum on your breath… mint. I feel your hands slide down my back and grab my butt and pull me in to you. You have become more aggressive over the years and I like it. You begin to unbutton my shirt and kiss my chest… slowly working your way down.

You kneel in front of me and unzip my pants and pull my cock out into the cool air. I feel you squeeze it and your tongue on the tip. This is the first time we have done this and I look forward to it in anticipation. You lick up and down the shaft and massage my balls. Finally, you open your mouth wide and take my cock into it. It feels so good, warm and wet. I push forward, putting even more in your mouth and you moan. You take it all and look at me with your beautiful green eyes as my cock fills your mouth.

After a short time I stand you up and turn you around again and unzip your dress, letting it fall to the deck. As you turn around, I admire your beautiful breasts. Large, pink nipples… so hard, begging to be sucked. My eyes travel down your stomach and to the black, hi-cut panties you are wearing. I slip a hand down your stomach, between your legs and feel the heat and wetness there… I feel your anticipation. You slide the panties down for me and show me your pussy. I can see how wet you are. You take a finger and slide it up and down your slit and then offer it to me for a taste… delicious.

I walk you over to a couch sitting by the door under an awning. It begins to rain as we continue. I lean you back on the couch and spread your legs. Your pussy is so wet, it glistens in the dull light cast by the lamps around us and the lightning. I lean down and begin to lick the soft folds between your legs. You moan and squirm and grind into my face. Getting your juices all over my face… I love your taste. I look up and watch you playing with your breasts, moaning, pinching your nipples… eyes closed, your face in ecstasy. You begin to buck and moan loudly as you have your first orgasm. You drench my face and then lie back, exhausted… but only for the moment.

You climb off the couch and pull me to my feet and help me undress. By this time my cock has hardened again and you begin to stroke it. You push me back on the couch and straddle me. You begin to rub the head of my cock against your pussy, getting it wet. You lean down and kiss me and then I feel my cock slide into you. You are so tight, I feel you gripping me and begin to slide up and down my hard dick.

You lean back and I slide in a little deeper. I feel your hips grinding into me. You lean forward and dangle your large breasts in my face, inviting me to suck them. I take a nipple into my mouth and feel it harden. You moan and begin to grind harder into me. You place your hands on my chest and slam your pussy onto my cock. It feels so good as the storm howls around us, but we are oblivious. You pound into me harder and harder. Finally, you let out a scream and come again. I feel your pussy flooding and it drives me over the edge. I come inside you in one thrust and you moan again as my orgasm triggers another one of yours. You collapse on top of me and we kiss.

The first of many this weekend.