 Introduction The House

The red Oldsmobile turned off the tree-lined, two-lane black-topped road and into the narrow driveway. Alice Dupree turned the wheel of her yellow Miata to follow the real estate agent up the drive as it wound through the woods. After 300 feet, the woods gave way to a clearing revealing a well-kept blue two-story house and Lake Michigan beyond. The agent parked her car on the circular drive and got out. Alice turned off her car and followed suit.

"Like I said, you're very fortunate. This house became available only this morning," said the agent, looking around. "It's fully furnished. The rent is $2000 a week or you can lease it for $7000 a month with a minimum of three months. Trash collection and lawn care are included. If you lease it, you'll have to switch the utilities to your name."

The agent continued talking terms but Alice had stopped listening. Her mind was drawn to the vast expanse of sparkling blue water stretching to the horizon. A stiff breeze blew off the lake carrying with it the crash of the waves breaking on the golden sand beach. The agent's voice finally recaptured her attention.

"The house was built in the '40s but has been updated over the last ten years, and has central air," the agent continued. "But, out here, you only need air conditioning a few weeks a year, mostly to handle the humidity. Have you noticed that it's much cooler here than in town?"

Alice nodded. The early August sun had been unbearable standing on the sidewalk outside the agent's office. Here it felt about ten degrees cooler as tall trees shaded the house and the lawn around it. Everything was lush and green.

"Can I look around inside?" asked Alice.

The entry led into a great room with a wall of windows overlooking the lake and a sunroom off on the left. To the left of the foyer was a formal dining room with a kitchen beyond it, and to the right the hallway led to two bedrooms and two bathrooms. What impressed Alice most was that the house was laid out in such a way that every room except the bathrooms had an excellent view of the lake. The second floor was one large room with a bathroom but only had small windows that offered a limited view. The agent explained that the previous owner had rented out the upstairs as an apartment. 

The agent led her through the kitchen pointing out the cherry cabinets and granite countertops and walked out onto a low wood deck. A patio next to the deck had a small table and a set of chairs. A hammock was set up under some trees near the edge of the grass before it dropped down to the water. The property jutted out on a bluff fifty feet above the lake and the deck had views of the water to the south and to the west. Alice stepped onto the back lawn to wander. Thin lines of trees partially obscured the neighboring houses on each side and offered some privacy.

The agent stayed on the deck enjoying the view. She didn't need to do anything; the house would sell itself. She wondered about Alice Dupree. How did a pretty, blond-haired, blue-eyed girl in her mid-20s have the money to afford such a place? Well, she decided, she'll find out soon enough. In a small town like Neuwunder it wouldn't take her long to learn Alice's story.

Alice walked back to the agent, her hands in the back pockets of her jeans.

"I'd like to lease it," she said finally.

The agent looked down at her and gave her a broad smile. "Let's go sign the papers."

Chapter 1 The Writer

She awoke to a light filled room. Opening her eyes, she could see the lake through the west window of her bedroom, the breeze off the water kissed her face. She'd decided to sleep with the blinds open since the neighborsí houses didn't have a clear view into her room. Besides, she enjoyed watching the stars as she drifted off to sleep. Out here, the light pollution was minimal so she had an unspoiled view of the western sky.

It had only taken one car trip to move all of her belongings in. Everything she owned was contained in a set of matching luggage. She had other things besides her clothes and personal items, but those were things her cheating, bastard of an ex-husband had bought her and she didn't want them now. The only thing she was sorry she left behind were several boxes of books. No matter, though - the second bedroom had shelves lined with books, many of them non-fiction. 

By her third day, Alice had already settled into a routine. After washing up, she'd dress and eat breakfast on the patio while reading. Afterwards, she would take a walk along the beach followed by more reading, then lunch. In the afternoon she would go down to the beach, soak up some sun and take a swim. A nap in the hammock would round out her afternoon. She still had not met any neighbors but that was fine with her - the solitude gave her time to think. 

This morning she had just started a book on eastern philosophy when movement from next door caught her eye. Her neighbor to the south had emerged from his house and was walking across his lawn, heading for stairs that descended to the beach. He was about six feet tall, with sandy brown hair and a lean build. He carried what looked like a thick notebook in his hand and started down the stairs. He stopped at a large deck built into the hill about a third of the way down and cranked open a large sun umbrella. He sat at a wooden table, opened the notebook and looked out at the water, not moving for several minutes. Then he picked up a pen, bent over the paper and started writing.

She returned her attention to her book. A half hour later, she was descending the narrow stairs down to the beach for her walk. She headed south, walking barefoot on the packed, wet sand, her eyes on the beach in front of her or looking out over the water. Since it was the middle of the week, she encountered very few people. When she returned an hour later she noticed her neighbor was still bent over his writing.

She went inside to get a drink and noticed for the first time a pair of binoculars sitting on the counter. She picked them up and looked out the kitchen windows, scanning the lake, pausing on the occasional sailboat, working her way south. When sand came into view she lowered the glasses. From her vantage point she could see her neighbor's deck and she brought the binoculars up to her eyes to get a closer look.

His brow was furrowed in concentration as he wrote. His pen stopped moving and he looked up at the lake. He had a handsome close-shaven face, with blue or possibly green eyes and appeared to be in his mid to upper 30s. A small smile played across his lips and he bent back over the page, writing again. Soon the pen stopped and he set it down, leaning back. The smile was still on his face as he studied the lake. His head turned and it appeared he was looking right at Alice.

She brought the binoculars down suddenly, feeling embarrassed. She was unsure if he could see into the darkened house. His head kept turning until he was looking up at his own house. He stood and stretched, gathered his things and walked up the steps, across his lawn and into his home. He gave no indication if he had seen Alice watching him.

Later that day Alice drove into town to do some grocery shopping. As she wandered the aisles filling her cart she became aware of the manager watching her closely. Her 5'8" 126 lbs body with 34C breasts had always caught the eye of most men. At the check out the manager personally bagged her groceries, offering to carry them to her car. A man held the door for her as she walked out and as they passed, she noticed it was her neighbor.

Her eyes locked on his pale blue eyes momentarily and he gave her a slight nod and a small smile as she passed. The manager stowed the groceries in her trunk, beads of sweat standing out on his round, red face. Alice thanked him, placing her hand on his arm and his face turned redder. He held the car door for her as she got in and stood in the parking lot, watching as she drove off. Alice's mind was not on the manager, though. She was thinking about the neighbor and how good looking he was.

Easy there, girl. You just got out of a bad relationship and you don't need to rush into another one. You can dream, though.

A short while later Alice was sitting in a plastic lawn chair, looking at the water, and slowly sipping a glass of red wine, reflecting on the last six months. Her life had been turned upside down when she caught her husband in bed with an assistant, and her subsequent discovery that he had over a dozen affairs in their six years of marriage. The worse part about it is she blamed herself, initially. She had married young, when she was 20, and although her husband was 40 when they met, she was instantly physically attracted to him, and should have known other women, young and old, would be drawn to him sexually, too. 

Alice thought their sex life was average, no better or no worse than anyone else's. It had very little variety - her husband preferred to be on top and liked Alice to perform oral sex on him, but he didn't like to come in her mouth, which was a shame since she liked the taste of semen. He never went down on her, which was also a shame as she enjoyed that, too. Whenever Alice tried to spice things up he'd get angry, resentful that she wasn't satisfied with his efforts. Alice suspected that he had a very prudish upbringing and couldn't overcome the mental obstacles to truly enjoy sex, and therefore, couldn't branch out and try new things with her. As it turned out, she was wrong.

His affairs were easily discovered in the end and much to Alice's surprise, he was a wild man with the other women. They were doing things that Alice wanted to do, some of which she had tried with her husband but was rebuffed. This hurt her deeply and made her angry that she wasted six years of her sexual prime with him, and she vowed that her next relationship would be more experimental. Her lawyer advised her to press for half of his estate as she was entitled to under the law, but she knew her husband would stubbornly refuse to give her that much and would rather spend a fortune on his team of lawyers than pay what's owed to her. In the end they agreed he would pay her one third of his estate, a sizable enough sum such that Alice wouldn't have to worry about money for quite awhile and maybe never if she watched her money closely.

After the settlement, Alice stayed with a friend while looking for a new place. Eager to put the whole episode behind her, she decided to leave the Detroit area and head west. Her friend told her about the beauty of Lake Michigan so Alice decided to do some exploring. About 30 miles north of Muskegon she stopped in a quaint little town located on a small bay of the lake. On a whim she walked into the first real estate office she saw and inquired about beach rental properties. After telling the agent that she wanted a place that was secluded, that wasn't near a public beach, and that she didn't have a price range, the agent's eyes lit up. This was the first place the agent showed her and, since it was five miles north of town with a wonderful view, it was the only place Alice needed to see.

A tanker, several miles offshore, came into view, the long red ship moving steadily to the south. Alice picked up the binoculars for a closer look and was surprised by the sheer size of the vessel, its superstructure towering many stories above the water's surface. It was too far away for her to hear so it glided silently by. Seagulls cried overhead as they searched for food. The late afternoon sun baked the beach, warming the breeze. 

As the light faded, stars slowly emerged from the sky. The wind had died down and the lake was calm and inky black. After dinner, Alice sat in the same chair watching the stars as a freighter near the horizon headed north. The only sound was the gentle lapping of the water on the shore and the song of tree frogs and crickets from the woods. It was dark on the lawn, as Alice had turned off all of the lights in the house to better see the stars.

The sound of a patio door sliding open made her turn towards her neighbor's house 150 feet away; he walked onto his deck and proceeded to fold back the cover on a hot tub. She heard the spa motors turn on and he went back inside. The door opened again a few minutes later and he emerged. As he turned to close the door, his body was silhouetted by a light from far inside his house - he appeared to be naked. He set a towel on the deck, climbed the steps to the hot tub and sat in a far corner hidden by a small privacy fence.

Alice turned back to the stars but kept thinking of him and of the possibility he was naked. A phone rang and she turned in her seat to watch. The man switched on a light in the spa and found the cordless phone sitting on the top step. The binoculars sat on the low table next to her chair. She quietly picked them up and trained them on her neighbor. He was speaking into the phone but she couldn't make out any words. The call ended and he stood up abruptly, revealing he was naked. His cock, framed by dark pubic hair, hung down several inches as he stepped out and began toweling off. Alice continued watching, mesmerized, as he replaced the cover and walked into the house, the towel slung casually over his shoulder. She waited a long time before quietly sneaking into her house.

Chapter 2 The Hot Tub

Alice tossed and turned, the image of his naked body burned into her mind. The full moon was to the southwest, bathing everything in a pale, ghostly light. She rose and went to the kitchen for a drink. Through the window over the sink she could see her neighbor's deck in the moonlight and saw the cover was off the hot tub. She went to the sliding glass door, unlocked it and quietly slid it open. Stepping onto her deck, she could hear the faint hum of the pumps but could not see if anyone was in the tub as most of it was in shadows.

Unable to stop herself, she slowly walked toward her neighbor's house, the cool, dewy grass wetting her feet. At fifty feet away she still couldn't see if anyone was in the spa as the far corners were hidden in shadows. At ten feet away, the hot tub light snapped on and she froze. 

"Sometimes I can't sleep and I find this helps," he said. "Care to join me?"

Nodding, Alice stepped onto the deck, pulling her nightshirt over her head. She let it fall at her feet and slid her panties down and stepped out of them. He watched her as she climbed in, the hot water a shock to her cold feet. She paused to give her feet and legs time to adjust to the temperature, standing completely naked in front of the stranger. He offered her his hand which she accepted and slowly she lowered her body into the bubbly water.

"Can we turn off the light?" she asked. "I like to look at the stars."

His hand reached for the control panel and pushed a button, extinguishing the light. She sat back on the same side of the tub as the writer and they both watched the lake and the stars. The bubbles caressed all over her body, making her nipples erect. She turned her face towards him and he moved next to her, his fingers caressing her shoulder. Her head tilted back as he leaned in for a kiss, his lips soft and warm on hers. Her mouth opened and she slid her tongue into his mouth. They kissed for several minutes, her hand in his hair cradling his head, his hand roaming across her back before moving to her chest.

His hand squeezed her breast, his fingers lightly playing across her nipple. She kissed him harder, her hand moving down his body, exploring. She gripped his hard cock, her thumb rubbing the tip, and pulled him to his feet. He leaned on the edge of the tub, his feet in the water and she moved between his legs. She kissed his flat stomach, working downward. His cock was long and beautiful, she saw, about seven inches in length and a nice thickness. She kissed up one side and down the other, her lust growing. She hadn't had a cock in her mouth in more than seven months and she was hungry.

Alice kissed the head, swirling her tongue around the tip before taking him in her mouth, as deeply as she could before rising. Her head bobbed slowly as he put a hand on her head, guiding her. Her hand and mouth worked as one, pumping his cock. She wanted him to explode in her mouth; she wanted to taste his cum. She moved faster until he stopped her, lifted her face to his and kissed her. Their tongues mingled as he maneuvered her around so her back was to the wall.

She sat on the edge as knelt before her, kissing his way up her inner thighs until his lips found her pussy. His tongue parted her labia, tasting her nectar, licking in long, slow strokes. Her hands on his head encouraged him and his pace quickened. His tongue danced over her clit making her gasp. Her gasps turned to moans as he continued licking, his tongue moving at an incredible speed. Soon she was panting, edging closer and closer to an orgasm until her body shuddered and her thighs clamped around his head as she came.

He stood up and guided her to the other side so that she was facing the lake. His hands bent her over at the waist as she gripped the side of the tub. He moved behind her, his hands running over her ass and down between her legs. She felt the head of his cock press against her pussy and reached down, spreading her labia for him. He slowly entered her, pushing in until his thighs pressed against her ass. He pulled out and pushed back in, achingly slow, over and over. Alice was crazed with lust and wanted to be fucked, now, hard and long by this stranger.

She rocked her hips as he pressed into her; his hands grabbed her waist and he started pumping his cock. She moaned with pleasure as he fucked her from behind, their skin slapping together in the water. The bubbles from the hot tub kissed her clit, exciting her even more. She moved her hand between her legs and fingered her clit until she came again and again while he pounded her. His thrusting stopped and his body stiffened as he cried out, filling her pussy with his seed. 

He slowly pulled out and sat down on one of the seats in the water. Alice turned around and sat down on him, straddling his lap, kissing him for a long time before she spoke.

"We haven't been properly introduced. I'm Alice, Alice Dupree."

"Hi, Alice," he said softly. "I'm -

Chapter 3 The Gardener

Alice opened her eyes and groaned, finding herself in her bed, daylight streaming through the open window. Her nightshirt was twisted all around her and she struggled to sit up. She looked at the clock - it was just before 8AM. The dream was starting to fade and she concentrated hard to remember. What was his name? She couldn't recall. Shaking her head she stood up and looked out the window. The unspoiled view put her in a good mood. Her panties were damp in the crotch, she noticed. 

Why do I wear clothes to bed? There's no one out here that can see me. 

She pulled off her shirt and let it drop on the bed before pushing her panties off, kicking them into the laundry basket. She walked to the bathroom and examined her body in the mirror for several minutes, pleased with its shape. She had lost weight during the divorce proceedings, taking her anger out by exercising obsessively and was now down to what she weighed when she was 18. The difference was that now her muscles were well toned, including her abdominals. In the shower she washed slowly, her mind trying to cling to the fragments of her dream. She dried off, hung up her towel and walked naked through the house to the kitchen and poured herself a glass of orange juice. A lawn mower droned in the distance.

She looked out the windows. The wind was stronger this morning and the waves on the lake were three or four feet in height, and she could hear them thunder as they crashed on the beach. It was already warm, foretelling of the hot day ahead. Turning towards her neighbor's, she saw he was busy writing on his hillside deck. Reminded of her dream, her hand played over her stomach, softly stroking. She looked around for the binoculars but couldn't find them. Looking out at where she sat last night, she saw them. She had wanted to watch him again, study him as he wrote.
