 Sandi soon resolved her opinions, two courses of action, i.e., she could continue to face her situation alone, each day, as her torments became more unbearable or she could address the demons that possessed her and in so doing possibly overcome them. Before the night was over, she had opted to face her torment. She reasoned that the only other participant in this situation was Sam. Perhaps Sam could help her...talk to her. After talking, she reasoned, the lust and passion would disappear and she would be relieved of her torment. The plan appeared sound and she went over it again carefully. Sam appeared to be a gentleman and she was pretty sure that she need not fear his physical harm. 

As she reviewed her plan yet again, she realized that Sam may have been experiencing the same problems and that when they came together they might succumb to their lustful passions. A sense of fear came over her at the thought and she lay considering it for some time. "I can always say no," she reasoned. "What if I don't want to say no? The consequences of taking a lover outside of marriage were grave." she reasoned. "Well, the consequences of leaving the issues unresolved were becoming grave too...," she thought. She knew that she could only play it one step at a time and make each decision as it arose... 

It was before 9:00 am. when Sandi picked up the phone book and looked up Sam ****'s name and address. It was right there on Old Farm ‘Road - "114220 Old Farm Road," she noted. After checking the house to insure that she was alone with the telephone, she dialed Sam's number. "Rinnnnng!"

"Why doesn't he answer?"

"Rinnnng!"

"Damn, What if he isn't home?" she thought. On the third ring her resolve was slipping and as she prepared to hang up Sam's voice responded, "Hello, this is Sam" 

"This is Sandi ####, you remember the woman in the pizza parlor?" she said. Sam responded that he did as Sandi continued, "I've got to see you."

"Where?" asked Sam. "Well, it's got to be someplace where I can't be seen by anybody..." She said before Sam broke in with, "Come to my place. Drive in the driveway past the front door to the rear to where you can't be seen. I'll be waiting." It was agreed that she'd feed her kids an early lunch and have the baby sitter there at 12:30. She would be there around 1:00. 

The rest of the morning passed quickly for Sam. He cleaned his house, washed dishes, dressed to casual perfection and waited. At noon he ate a light lunch and sat quietly trying to calm his nerves. He was not experienced in matters of this type and although he expected nothing more than a visit, he hoped for much more. The chance for adult companionship and pleasant company excited him... 

If the morning passed quickly for Sam it flew by for Sandi. She contemplated what might transpire in the afternoon. While she expected to talk out her problems to another adult and while there was a strong attraction there... she expected casual conversation - nothing more! On the other hand, the possibility of a sexual encounter was a real possibility. "No, she would not permit it," she said to herself. 

As Sandi prepared for their meeting she may have been consciously preparing for an afternoon of adult conversation but sub consciously, somewhere deep within her, she was preparing for something more... She bathed carefully and prepared her body as she applied body lotions and perfume. She had combed her hair times to bring out it's natural luster and applied a few light cosmetics before dressing in a revealing summer dress. When she left he house, she was ready. 

At 12:58 Sam heard the sound of tires on gravel as the big van pulled into it's assigned location behind his house on Old Ranch Road. He checked his attire once before going to the back door to greet his guest. As she approached the entrance he stood in the open door and appraised the woman who was approaching him. He liked what he saw. 

Sandi walked from her van towards the open door where Sam stood, looking very nice, she thought. "Yes, very nice!" she continued as she felt the first tremors of arousal. "Damn," she said silently. She faltered briefly as her mind conjured a vision of him astride her in a sexual encounter... I was only a flash but it un-nerved her for the meeting ahead. "Thanks for seeing me. I have a problem." she said as she approached Sam 

Once inside Sam was a gracious host and saw her comfortably seated before offering her something to drink. "A Coke or a 7-up perhaps," he said. "Perhaps something a little stronger," she replied thinking that she needed to relax for the situation that lay before them. "Gin and tonic perhaps?" Sam said. "That would be great!" she replied. 

The conversations started awkwardly at first; then, became easier and more intimate as the effects of the gin and tonic were felt. They talked openly with Sandi explaining her situation and Sam using reflective and directive questions to explore her situation. As he did so, Sam began to expose his own feelings and together they compared feelings. Soon they began to laugh and the torments of the past few days were placated. 

When Sam sat next to her on the sofa Sandi saw her plan falter. She knew that she would say, "Yes." The flames of passion that she had feared over the past few days she now welcomed. She wanted Sam to meld with her so that she was safe and unencumbered with unwanted feelings. Her body began to show the effects of arousal. 

As they talked together on the sofa, the conversation remained casual and light, yet discussing the very things that Sandi had come to discuss. Her mind was free - more so than she could ever remember. It was as though a great weight had been lifted from her shoulders. She wanted Sam and reached out to caress his arm. It was a slow, deliberate embrace - one that Sandi had been subconsciously preparing for. Sam reacted calmly and asked, "Are you sure?" She was ready. 

Clothes fell in disarray as the lovers prepared for their liaison. As Sam moved slowly as Sandi prepared herself for what she knew was coming. She worried that with her inexperience, after all she'd only been with one man and a couple of high school kids, she'd be unable to please her lover. She lay tense, ready for the assault that was to come. She reasoned that it would be an assault as she had known on other form of love making. 

Sam joined her on the bed, not yet aroused, and moved partially over her body so that he could French kiss her and caress her neck and shoulders. His efforts were vehemently returned by the woman who lay partially beneath him. When he took Sandi's breast into his mouth and ministered his laving to first one, then the other he was in heaven. He continued to suck away as his hands explored the rest of the naked body under him. Sam was slower to arouse and bided his time on the preliminaries...Then he moved further south, planting sloppy kisses on her belly and inner thighs. 

Sandi lay expectant. She had expected to be well fucked by this time but what was happening to her breasts was a new experience. Oh, her husband had done it briefy on occasion but never with the enthusiasm that Sam was showing now - he obviously liked it. "So did she," she decided. When his mouth moved slowly south it began to dawn on her what was to happen next. She had never experienced it before and worried about how she should react.. 

Sam stopped only briefly, to push back her thick bush, as he prepared to eat her out. Sandi's mind was suddenly aware of why women trimmed their genital hair. Then the sensation that Sam's tongue was giving her became so intense that she could only moan and cry out. She was dimly aware that she was having an orgasm or maybe two or three... Later, she would know that she needn't have worried. 

Then, Sam was fully erect. Or at least as fully erect as the old man could expect. 

He moved over his lover and kissed her full on the mouth as he entered her. Sandi was aware of the taste of her own juices as their mouths met and it was another first. Then his tool sank easily to it's maximum penetration and the symphony of love continued. Each caress like the gentle strains of the violins or the cello. Each kiss like the sounds of the airy oboe or clarinet. The stronger emotions like the sounding brass. The crescendo, the deep thrusts and slamming, like the cadence of the percussions. Together they incited passion and fire in the soul. 

As Sam directed the symphony as he played Sandi like the fine instrument she was. Perfectly tuned and in concert with even the slightest emotion. She responded to the finest caress with slow burning passion and to the crescendo with a blaze of glorious fire. Sandi had been played many times before but never with such finesse. She responded like the fine instrument she was. 

Each movement of the symphony of mind and motion was in concert. Sensations drifted easily from one to another... sometimes soothing and calm. Other times wild and uninhibited but always in perfect harmony. The demons that had tormented them before were now loosed, tamed and subdued by the lovers as they engaged in their union together. 

As Sandi's passion peaked and ebbed, each time more powerfully than before, she began to doubt her ability to keep up with the man who was embedded in her. Each time Sam remained steadfast in control - one of the benefits of being an older man. His peak remained just out of his reach; yet, promising eventual fulfillment. 

Then, Sam felt it...he was about to get his release! His genitals would soon serve up the charge for which they were intended. Sandi felt it too and began to strive for another peak. When Sam told her he was about to pull out since they had no protection she said, "No, I want you in me!" Now the symphony raced towards it's final crescendo. The tympani's made their thunder and the base drum beat a steady rhythm as they approached the final climax. Sandi was right, she could not keep up with her lover and swooned as he poured his seed into her. 

Then it was over. The peace and tranquility of the moment that came after the final release was savored as the lovers remained locked in their lover's embrace. Sam's flaccid cock lay, still connected, as they savored the intimacy of their time. They kissed and caressed as they communicated together. They told each other about their feelings. Again, Sandi was completely satisfied - another first. 

When Sam reached to turn on the light, Sandi suddenly realized that it was getting dark outside. She had lost all concept of time and now she realized that she was long overdue at home. She was seized by a new panic as she showered and dressed. Her husband would have been home an hour ago. The baby sitter had expected her two hours ago. No dinner had been prepared. She worried out loud. 

As she was walking out the door, Sam handed her three 20-dollar bills and said, "Tell them that you had a job cleaning a house. Show them the money you've earned."

"It'll never work," she replied and ran out.