 Her naked body hissed between the sheets as she slid into bed. It was a luxurious feeling, like hotel sheets always are, cool, crisp and fresh, nearly crackling. She felt like purring as she snuggled down, allowing the soft comfort to ease the tension of the day's drive from her.

Fresh from the shower, glowing with a pampered warmth, she rolled to the center of the king-size bed and languidly stretched. A satisfied smile danced across her full lips as she once more came alive. Carefully, she arranged the shoulder length strands of light brunette hair in a fluffy cascade on the pillow, framing the classical oval beauty of her face in a silken cloud of softness.

As a last touch, she raised the sheet and let it slowly drift down, moulding its whiteness to the supple contours of her nakedness: a veil that completely hid the smooth pinkness of her body, but a veil that went beyond the point of mere suggestion and presented an alluring portrait of willing innocence.

Prepared, her eyes swept over the room, finally focusing on the open door to a small bathroom. An impish glint played over the misty green of her eyes and a pleased smile once more crept back to her lips. She waited - waited for the man still busying himself in the shower.

Michael Powers; she let the name roll over in her mind, quivering as shivery little thrills tingled their way through her. He was a Michael, not a Mike. Mike was a name for a boy. Michael Powers was most definitely a man!

Mrs. Michael Powers; she savored the feel of it, tingling as new excitement washed over her. Diana Little, meet Diana Powers, she continued to mentally play with her new name.

She felt like a newlywed. Despite the fact that she and Michael had lived together for the past semester at college, she felt like a newlywed. She trembled anew, her body alive with the excited warmth of anticipation. She was acting like some foolish school girl and loved every moment of it!

The blasting water of the shower abruptly ceased and the curt sound of metal rings sliding along the shower rod entered the room, sending a vivid flush of eager gooseflesh running up her spine. She listened as he pulled a towel free and briskly rubbed himself dry.

She heard two steps, then he was there, standing in the doorway, naked except for a small white towel wrapped hastily around his waist. "Hello, wife," he grinned, his eyes lit with self-assured confidence.

Wife, lover, mistress or whore, any way you'll take me, she thought as he brushed the rumpled mop of thick, black hair away from his face and crossed the room. The towel and his brisk stride gave him the air of a triumphant conqueror come to claim his reward. Her eyes trained on the slit that opened in the terry cloth, exposing a suntanned thigh as he stepped. She tried to glimpse what lay beneath, although she already knew.

"Tired?" he smiled down at her from the side of the bed.

"Not that tired!" she returned the smile. "After all, this is my wedding night!"

His wide grin was back, "Have I ever told you you're beautiful?"

"Yes," her eyelids coyly fluttered down in mock modesty, then opened wide, revealing two sparkling eyes of emerald green. "But keep on doing it. I love it!"

She wasn't a beautiful woman, she knew that, but she was attractive. The obvious attributes of her body were nothing out of the ordinary when taken individually, but together, that was another story. That she knew how to highlight what she had only added to the enticing picture she presented to Michael's eyes.

"What's that ridiculous towel for?" she frowned up to her new husband.

"Just following the advice of all those marriage manuals I've read in preparation for this moment," he chuckled. "They all said a man should never let a woman see his genital area on the first night of their marriage. It might frighten her!"

"But ..." her hand reached up, grabbed the towel and tugged, this is not our first night!"

It came free and fell to his feet. Her gleaming deep green eyes homed in on the sleeping form of his cock. No, penis, she corrected herself, when his cock naps it's a cock.

Small, almost bud-like, it nestled securely in the nest of black pubic hairs thickly covering his groin. She had known men whose cocks were always the same size, only growing hard as they were aroused. But this penis would blossom into a long, unyielding rod of a cock! That she could watch and feel its virile metamorphosis made it that much better!

"... And I happen to love looking at you," her hand tenderly crept up the inside of his thighs.

Long, cool and graceful, her fingers cupped around his testicles and cock. He sighed, as the gentle caress stirred swirling, pulsing life into his loins. Her fingertips lazily circled the sensitive crown of his organ, eliciting soft moans of pleasure from his lips.

Throbbing with pulsating surges of blood, he grew under her gentle ministrations. She knew what she was handling and how to handle it. Lovingly, her fingers glided up and down the growing column in light fleeting strokes. Like a snake coming to life, it jerked and twitched.

Engorged and alive, it bobbed upward, its head transforming from bud-like smallness to a thick, plump-looking plum. Tube-like, it stiffened, growing hard and erect. Still her dancing fingers worked their taunting magic, teasing and titillating the shaft as it grew.

When her hand eventually drifted between his open thighs to find the dangling sac of his balls, he no longer sported a penis but a cock! Long, hard, thick and swollen, it jutted from his crotch at a forty-five degree angle. Its lust-gorged glans twitched with fired arousal. A small drop of clear sexual oil oozed from its small slitted mouth.

Her wide green eyes rolled up to him, no longer flickering with girlish delight, but with the eager flames of a woman - a woman that knew what she wanted! She smiled, recognizing the desire that played in his eyes.

"I love your hands on me," he smiled back, moaning as an inquisitive finger teasingly probed and swirled over his balls.

"So do I," she whispered, her pink tongue slicking her lips, then her eyes returned to the cock she had brought to life.

For minutes, he stood there, letting her finger play at his sac. He moaned as she toyed with his stirring balls. She caressed them and taunted them. Her fingers rolled their weighty shapes back and forth in the bag that held them.

Then her hand was back on his prick. She grasped his rod tightly, squeezing its blood-filled thickness, as if testing the fatness of its circumference. Up and down along the inflexible length of his manhood, her clinging fist jerked until he groaned and his knees threatened to give way.

Pulling her demanding hand from his cock, he reached down and tucked his fingers beneath the top of the sheet covering her. Slowly, he pulled the veiling whiteness downward, his eager eyes hungrily devouring the nakedness he discovered.

Like firm half-melons, her tits jutted proudly up to him. He delighted in the trembly little quaking that set them liquidly juggling as she shivered in her excitement. Deep pink nipples, surrounded by coral-blushed haloes, crested the lovely fleshy mounds. As he gazed, the rubbery little buttons fattened and thickened, as she anticipated what was to come.

Lower the sheet and his eyes drifted. Down over the quivering sleekness of her belly with its deep sensuous navel the cloth came, revealing a distinctive tangle of silky brown pubic fur bushed over the plump rise of her sex. Quickly, with his own eagerness growing, he pulled the rest of the sheet from her body, unveiling two shapely legs that slowly spread open in an announcement of her body's willingness.

"Beautiful," he whispered almost to himself.

A definitely pleased smile on her lips, she opened her arms to him and he came, sitting on the side of the bed and leaning over her. His hands were at the sides of her face, tenderly brushing her cheeks and toying with the softness of her hair. In silence, their eyes spoke the words of their love as they gazed at each other for a few brief moments.

Leaning further down, his lips were on hers in a light, brushing kiss. Waves of gooseflesh rippled over her as his chest was on hers with a warm gentle pressure. The stiff tips of her nipples tingled even harder and stabbed into the man above her. Just soaking in the feel of him, her hands roved over his back, reveling in the smoothness of his skin and the roll of his muscles beneath.

His lips moved away for an instant, then he was back. His tongue teased invitingly at her lips until they parted and his oral digit entered the humid warmth of her mouth. Pressing is weight harder against her yielding willingness, his tongue darted around in the sweet harbor it had found. She welcomed him, tightening her arms around his back and using her own tongue to taunt over and around the invader swirling at the roof of her mouth.

He withdrew and she followed. Probing toward his throat, her tongue drilled eagerly into his mouth. Twirling and flicking, she teased the growing glow of love-lust stirring within his body. Then his teeth lightly clamped down on her swirling oral probe, holding it securely. He sucked at its provocative softness until she moaned and writhed with pleasure under him.

When he finally released the captive digit, his mouth left hers and his tongue was flicking its way over her ear lobe. He worked until he could feel the shivering trembles of her excitement, then he let his teeth nibble for several moments.

Low moans rolled up from her throat as his lips moved down the long graceful arch of her neck. Lightly kissing, he took control of her body. A body he knew and had learned to arouse to its fullest during their year together. He controlled and affected her like no other man had been able to do. This was not a man taking a virgin bride, but an expert lover having his woman, giving and taking to please and be pleased.

His mouth drifting with tantalizing slowness toward the waiting bulges of her breasts, he slid into the bed beside her, delighting as she trembled along the length of his body.

Her hands were far from still. They roamed down his spine, finding the cheeks of his ass. With titillating dexterity, her fingertips taunted at his buttocks and the deep crease between the tightening demi globes. Like feathers of loving caress, she played, forcing his ass muscles to draw up hard and ready.

His own hands were on her tits, sizing up the full circumference of the enticing forms. Around the bountiful mounds of flesh, his fingers circled, exciting in the summery warmth they found. In spiraling fashion, his palms climbed the sloped curves of her breasts.

Squirming under him, one of her hands left his ass and clamped urgently around the shaft of man meat throbbing at his groin, as his fingers reached out and tapped the hard nipples at the crests of the two peaking tits. Squeezing him, her hand was hot and demanding.

Suddenly his mouth dropped down, capturing one of the stiff little buds. He sucked and pulled at the rubbery tip until she moaned and her hand jerked at his pulsing pole of cock. Then his teeth bit lightly into the button seized by his lips.

Fire flamed through the aching nipple, when his mouth abruptly retreated and then attacked the sister button of flesh. She groaned and quivered as her want for this man she now called "husband" grew. She was his! His to do with as he pleased!

Harder and harder his lips sucked at the sexually burning bud of her breast. Her back arched up, shoving the luxurious pillow of her tit flesh into his face and licking as she moaned and writhed under his ministrations.

Her whole body jolted as one of his hands left its firm hold on her breasts and slid down over her stomach to grasp the far-covered mound waiting between her spread thighs. Her lust-inflamed pelvis twitched and pushed into his palm.

Firmly squeezing the fleshy mound of woman-sex, he easily slid a finger into the wet warmth of her cunt. She twitched and rotated the hungry lips of her pussy, trying to impale herself on the taunting digit of his explorations - a wish he complied with in a driving plunge that drilled his finger into the caressing hole of her cunt.

Easily, his finger pumped in and out of the oil-slicked channel, while he tickled another fingertip between the pouting cleft of her outer lips. Upward the inquisitive digit taunted along the wet crease of her snatch, to cajole the tiny bud of her clitoris out from under its hood of skin. She groaned and twitched as the dual sensations of his mouth at her tit and his vigorously fucking fingers sent ardent waves of pleasure through her body. Her hips hunched into his hands, caught in the rhythm of his fingers. His control of her was complete. Her whole being begged for him to open her with the thick, swollen shaft she clutched in her hand.

"Now!" she moaned, tugging at the throbbing lance her body pleaded for. "Now! Please! Give it to me now!"

Pulling his lips from her tit with a wet "pop," his mouth once more was hers and his tongue was striving to slither into her throat. Her legs spread even wider, opening to him as he rolled atop her waiting nakedness. Each of his hands found and squeezed the fleshy orbs that jutted up to him from her chest. She moaned and squirmed under the sweet agony of his hands, while her own hand still clutching the pulsing column of flesh between his thighs, guided it between the outer lips of her labia. Thick and engorged, the bulbous mass of his cockshead throbbed and jerked within the soft confines of her slit.

Then, in an easy twitch of his pelvis, he slid his shaft into the well-lubricated channel of her cunt. Deep, sinking to his hilt, he glided into the moist clutchy folds of her vagina.

She grunted and quivered as he entered. Big, hard, and swollen, his cock filled her to the brim. He jerked and pulsed with virile life that packed the tunnel of her sex. Her hand slipped from his crotch and returned to join its sister, clinging to the hard mounds of his buttocks.

"Fuck me!" she whispered-moaned, pulling her mouth from his. "Fuck me hard, my husband!"

Releasing his holds on her tits, he raised himself on his elbows, smiling down with pleasure at the woman - his wife - who lay beneath him. The stiff nipples of her breasts still stabbed into his chest, as she writhed languidly under the deep impalement of his sex.

Responding to her desires, his hips whipped back, wrenching the thick column of his cock from the clinging velvet channel of her belly. Then he slammed himself forward, drilling full length into the loving saddle of lust he rode.

She groaned and her head rolled wantonly on her shoulders as she accepted and welcomed the hard rod of stiff meat cramming back inside her. He pulled out again and she moaned as the lust-filled head of his prick strained the walls of her pussy in its exit. He plunged once again.

The sudden invasion drew a sharp cry of delight from her lips. The tight, young muscles of her cunt contracted into a sheath of squeezing delight, surrounding his lusty stalk of manliness. His hips jerked upward, then lunged down again, burying the hard rod of flesh deeper into her yielding cunt.

Her hands dug into his ass, her nails biting his flesh with aroused need. As he pumped and poled into the core of her quick, she urged him on, pulling him hard with each downstroke of his groin. Her legs crossed around his, locking him to her in the rising desperation of her desire.

Long, hard and big, he shafted into the spongy mouth of her belly. She groaned and writhed under the constant skewering lance that opened and reopened her. She clutched him and begged and pleaded for more.

Harder, his cock drilled into the warm caressing recesses of her cunt, trying to nail her to the bed beneath their bodies. She squirmed and quivered under him, the satin pillows of her tits rolling against his chest and the erect, firm nipples digging into his flesh.

Her ass swished and hissed over the sheet as her hips took up the rhythm of his fucking. As he lunged down, her pelvis leaped up and greeted his swollen rod, helping it to plow even deeper into the grateful channel of her unabandoned lust. She squeezed and held him in the depths of her pussy for a brief instant.

Then he jerked out, wrenching the filling thickness of his presence from her. In turn, her hips dropped back to the bed, then jumped forth once more to envelop his bigness as it penetrated her body.

She no longer groaned, but grunted with each pounding impact of his loins against her eager cunt. Her body was jolted time and again, as he pumped his stiff mass into her with reckless abandon.

Suddenly, he dropped full weight to her body, his chest smashing into her tits, pancaking their roundness beneath him. His hands slid under her, grasping the perk curves of her ass and jerking them upward to increase the angle of his driving plunges.

She groaned as he speared closer and closer to her soul. Her hands anchored firmly into his ass and she pulled even harder as he lunged, as if trying to take him into her, balls and all. She twisted and squirmed with soaring pleasure under the battering attack of his loins.

Together they rose in a fervor of erotic delirium. They strove to reach new levels of ecstasy. Pounding, groaning, aching, and grunting, they drove into and accepted each other, attempting to take every ounce of pleasure each offered.

Higher and higher she soared. Her thighs throbbed and pounded with the growing agony of near release. Aching, writhing, and groaning, she was caught up in an imploding universe of lust - a lust that consumed her in tidal wave after tidal wave of soul-rendering passion.

Simultaneously, his balls boiled with the fire of desire and up from the aching depths of his testicles a molten flow raced through his throbbing and pulsing cock. He erupted, spewing the thick fountain of his lust into her belly. Hunching deep into her cunt, he emptied himself of seemingly gallons of hot come that splattered and coated the contracting folds of her pussy until the flood of sperm and semen overflowed the well of her sex and oozed out around his thickness.

Their desperate, wanton lust expended, they clutched each other in loving caresses. heir grateful bodies heaved and trembled in the wake of their passion. With tender love, their mouths met and kissed in passion.