 On my latest vacation, we went to Myrtle Beach. I had been hoping to meet up with some guys and fool around a little bit, but what I imagined would happen was nothing compared to what happened in reality.

We arrived on Saturday night, and checked into our hotel. I was checking out the possibilities, but none looked to good. Myrtle beach isn't exactly the party capital. It was more of a family place. But hey I thought you know anything is possible, right? Boy was that true.

After getting a good nights sleep, I awoke to the sound of the waves crashing against the hot sandy beach. I couldn't wait to get out and check out the guy situation. I walked out on my balcony and looked down to see the guy I would be spending most of my time with on vacation, I just didn't know it yet. He was wearing dog tags, so I thought he was most likely in the army. So from then on I nicknamed he the dog tag guy. He was tall, dark, and handsome. I knew that I had to get a little closer to him, I just didn't know how close I would get.

Well I hadn't seen him again in a couple of days, and I was now doubting whether I was going to get to talk to him. We had gotten back from dinner, and as everyone was retiring to bed, I decided I was going to go for a late night swim in the pool where I had seen the dog tag guy for the first time. As I walked out of the doors, I noticed someone else's stuff sitting on a chair next to the pool. I looked around and didn't see anyone, so I just decided to get in. As I stepped in, my heart seemed to jump out of my chest and a gorgeous guy emerged from the water. I gasped, from the surprising scare, and of knowing it was just me and him in the pool. I slowly made my way into the water, making as much eye contact as I could. Finally as I took my last step into the water, he said something to me. I couldn't hear him very well so I asked him to come closer so I could. When he was close enough for some bodily contact, he said, "Sorry for scaring you, I didn't realize anyone else was here." 

"Oh, it's okay, I saw your stuff sitting there I just didn't see anyone in the pool." I said wondering if he was thinking about the same thing that I was.

"So where are you from?" he said catching me off guard.

"I'm from northern Virginia. What about you, are you from around here?" I asked, hoping this was just small talk. 

"Oh, wow I'm from Richmond. Do you know where that is?" he said in a delighted tone.

"Yeah, I live about two hours away from there, in Winchester. I go down there a lot to visit with relatives, and family friends. So how long are you here for?" I asked hoping it would at least be until I left.

"I'm here for another 3 days." he replied hoping it would be the same for me, he asked, "what about you?"

I replied with great delight, "I'll be here another four days."

And with that being said he sighed with a feeling of relief. 

I began swimming again, in the most sensual way I could, and I started to realize which ever end of the pool I was swimming to, he would follow me. So I thought just to test him, I would get out and leave just to see if he would follow me, or say something on my way out. 

I swam over to the shallow end where the stairs were, and on the way over I lightly ran my leg across his side. That move must have made he a little more brave because he grabbed my foot and pulled me close to him. 

"Are you trying to make me want you or what?" he asked in a sarcastic tone.

"Why do you say that?' I replied with a sly grin on my face, "did it work?"

And with that being said he pulled me close to him, took my hand and gently slide it down his stomach, until I felt his throbbing cock right at my finger tips.

"What do you think?" he said.

Then he pulled me tight against his body, and kissed me with the most passionate kiss I had ever had. He took my hand and swam me over to the side of pool, and pushed me up against the side, and started to kiss my neck. He obviously new his anatomy of a woman's body, because he was hitting all the right spots. I slowly caressed his back and butt, as he fondled my breasts with his hands. He pushed his throbbing hard on in between my legs, hitting my pleasure button. I sucked on his neck and ear lobes, getting him into a frenzy. We stayed like this until neither of us could take it anymore. 

"Do you want to go up to your room?" he asked kissing me in between words.

" I can't, my family is up there sleeping, I had to sneak out." I said hoping we could go to his room.

"Well my friends are up in mine, but I can throw them out tonight." hoping that they would comply.

So he took my hand and led me up to his room. But we could barely keep our hands off of each other in the elevator, and the family beside us looked at us like we were the devil himself.

As soon as we got off, he pushed me up against the wall, and slid his hand down the bathing suit bottom. I was so worked up I let out a loud moan, and hoped no one heard it.

We slowly made it to his room, and he told me to wait out side. I heard a little complaining, and whining, then I heard them coming towards the door. I step back just in time. They swung the door open, and five guys walked out looking at me cautiously, and went to the next room over and banged on it until some more guys answered it. They all filed inside then slammed the door behind them. I walked inside to see the most gorgeous guy lighting candles just for me. He walked over to me and with out saying a word, laid me on the bed and started to take my bathing suit off. He slowly ran his hands over my shoulders, pushing my straps off, and reached around the back and untied the knot. He lifted the top off of my soft, milky white breast, to expose my dark pink nipples standing at attention. He lowered he mouth over one and teased it by flicking his tongue back and forth. He then took the whole thing in and gently suck on it. With his free hands he teased my other nipple, rolling it back and forth between his finger tips, and lightly pinching, and pulling on it. 

I was now breathing heavy, and moaning softly. I took my hands and rubbed his back, starting at his shoulder blades, and all the way down to his butt. I then took my hands and lightly scratched his stomach until I reached his ragging hard on. I slowly massaged it, rubbing it back and forth trough his swim shorts, until I gently slid my hand down his swim trunks, and grabbed it, pulling it back and forth, felling it throb harder with each stroke. I cupped his balls and I felt them starting to tighten. I knew he was going to cum soon so I pulled my hand out of his shorts, which caught him off guard.

"Take off you shorts." I said to him in a seductive manner.

He slowly stood up and slid his shorts down, exposing his enormous hard on. As he slid his shorts down, I slid my bottoms off, exposing my wet pussy that wanted and need to feel him inside of it.

He looked up and gasped at the beautiful site. At that instant he got on top of me. And slowly rubbed his cock up my slit until he reached my hard little clit. With the feeling of the tip of his cock rubbing against my clit, I let out a moan, and he knew it was time. He slid his throbbing cock back down until he reached my pussy whole, and he slowly slid him self into me. I moaned with a rush of pleasure as he entered me for the first time. He closed his eyes and start thrusting him self into to me slowly at first, but getting faster with each one. I heard little moan coming out of his mouth, as we both start to get more into it. I pushed my hips mockingly with his so I could feel him get deeper into me.

I opened my eyes, and was greeted with his. He leaned down and kissed me, he slid his tongue in and out of my mouth, as I did the same. I start to tighten my thighs against his, he knew I was close, and so was he. He slowed down and started concentrating on my breast again. We slowly rocked back and forth, as he suck and licked my nipple to the rhythm of our love making. 

He stopped sucking and we began kissing again. We started to speed up the thrusting, and as we did, I knew I couldn't hold out much longer. I start to moan louder and buck my hips. My thighs tightened around his, just as he was starting to moan louder and hit harder. I could feel my body trembling as the pleasure swept over me. He was at the point of no return and so was I. With one finale thrust, I could feel him cumming inside of me, and that was it for me. I let out a screaming moan, as a wavy of pleasure rushed through my body. I felt him collapse on top of me. He rolled off of me, and kissed me again.

"I have never felt like this towards anyone before." he whispered in a sweet voice.

"Neither have I." I said laying my head against his pounding chest.

He wrapped his arm around me, and we held each other close, and stayed that way for a while...

* * * * *

tell me what you think and i will submit the next two days of fun if u guys like it