 Chapter 4: The End 

For the next seventeen years she would clean Sam's house weekly. The relationship soon became more that of intimate friends as the years passed. The smoldering embers of their once passionate love affair were still clear in their memories. The loving kisses, caresses and feelings never waned but age takes it's physical toll on men and Sam as no exception. 

Sam was very open to Sandi. . . much as he had been with his wife. They lived and loved much as a married couple when they were together and went their separate ways when they were apart. Each drew emotional support and comfort from the other. 

Sandi, began to develop a special beauty which had not been readily apparent when she was younger. She kept herself in good physical condition and enhanced her natural beauty with frequent visits to the salon. She dressed fashionably. Her mind, freed from the limitations which had limited her earlier, quickly developed into an awesome presence. 

She felt men's gaze as she walked in public and enjoyed the effect she had on them. Not many women over fifty could turn the heads of college boys and her daughters often laughed about their dates ogling her when the came to the house. Her husband began to watch her closely and often accused her of infidelity with men in their circle of friends. . .He had succumbed to the green eyed monster and his torment lay in his suspicions. Never once did he suspect her weekly housekeeping chore. . . . . 

Then, Sam's health began to fail. The problems began to develop rather suddenly and he soon required full-time nurses care. There was no occasion for private time with his housekeeper and Sandi's visits were temporarily halted. When he knew that his end was near he sent his nurse on an errand, picked up the telephone and called the familiar number. "Sandi, much as I want you, I will not be needing a housekeeper any more." He said. 

A week later he was dead. 

Now, over seventeen years after it all began Sandi stood before the full length mirror in her bedroom. Earlier in the day she had visited the Salon where they did her hair and nails. She had bathed and carefully tended to her body a few minutes before; then, casually selected the clothes that she now wore from her closet filled with the latest fashions. Though, on first look the closet seemed to speak of money, on closer examination the clothes were mostly off the rack. They spoke rather of taste. Sandi was pleased at her reflection in the mirror in the mirror. 

Her long hair had, over the years has become fashionably shorter and carefully coiffed. Her face had been well cared for and the ruddy complexion of her younger years needed no makeup to develop it's natural beauty. Her blue eyes sparkled with the zest for life that her mind and spirit had ably mastered. The dress she wore was a simple green, cotton dress which she had tailored to more correctly fit her body. The dress was cut a few inches above the knee. . .not the short, short skirt of a younger woman but short enough to call attention to her long legs. 

"Not bad, ole girl!" she thought. As she gazed at her legs she, wondered, "Why did I always feel so ashamed of those legs? Why was I always prone to jeans and slacks so I didn't have to show my legs? It had been Sam who first convinced her what every man who ever saw her already knew; that, those legs were beautiful and she owed it to the world to show them. He had actually helped her select the proper hosiery to show them to best advantage. 

The black, fishnet stockings that she wore had been a good selection. 

As for the rest of her body, age had made some changes. Her tummy had a slight bulge in spite of her best efforts at exercise. Her breasts hung somewhat lower than when she was a young woman and she had selected a perfectly fitted bra without padding to enhance her figure. As she shifted her body to better observe here ass in the mirror, she was pleased to note that it was still quick and firm with no sign of flab. The hair tint that she had used served to highlight the silver that now rested amongst the blonde. 

Then, another quick perusal and the job was nearly completed. Then, for a bit of lip gloss. . . . . As Sandi glanced at her watch she realized she was a bit early for the arrival of her guest. "Strange," she thought; that, "Sam's daughter should be paying a call on her." Surely it was some trivial matter. . . . As she waited, her mind drifted back over the years searching for any evidence that Sheila might know about her and Sam's arrangement. "Unlikely," she thought and her thoughts moved on to a different subject. She thought about her children and of their children and their spouses. Only the youngest remained in the university and she would soon be married as well. She felt satisfaction as she noted that her children had done well and were successfully launched on their life's path. Then, her mind drifted towards her grandchildren and she felt a touch of melancholia knowing they lived half a continent away. She had taught her children to be strong and independent. . . . . 

When the sound of the doorbell broke Sandi from her thoughts, she went quickly to the door where she found a strikingly beautiful, younger, dark haired woman. As she appraised the new arrival, she thought she saw a strong woman with confidence and self-esteem to match her appearance. Her infectious smile and ready laugh, as they were seated in the living room, caused Sandi to know that she would like this woman. "May I call you Sandi?" she asked. "I feel as though I know you already." 

"Please do." Sandi replied. "Please call me Sheila," the dark haired woman responded. With the social amenities out of the way, Sheila continued, "You know who I am and that I am aware of you and my father's arrangement." 

Sandi was taken completely by surprise and could only respond negatively. She tried to analyze what she had just heard while trying to maintain an outward calm. "How much did she know?" Sandi thought. "Did Sam tell all in some sort of death bed confession?" Who else might know? The light haired woman thought. 

"Oh, I've known for years!" Sheila continued. "I stopped by Dad's place for something one Friday morning and not finding anyone downstairs I went upstairs to find him. When I got to the landing I heard you and Daddy making love. . .Hey! You were good - very good! Don't worry though, I've never told a living soul and I never went back to that house on Friday." 

Sandi was taken aback by the revelation that she had just heard. "What must Sheila think of her?" she thought. Her silence went on for some seconds as she framed a suitable reply. Finally, she responded with a meek, "I see." 

"Don't worry, I'm glad that Dad had someone after my mother's death. He had suffered terribly when my mother died and remained depressed until you started housekeeping for him. I hope you enjoyed it as much as Dad did." she continued. "Now that Dad's gone, I'd like to know you better and perhaps we could be friends." 

After another lengthy silence, Sandi responded with, "I think I'd like that." 

"Oh, When Daddy died he left a sizeable fortune in his estate. Part of it he left to you and it'll be yours as soon as the probate is completed. At the last estimate your share was in the neighborhood of four hundred thousand dollars. We want you to have it." Sheila said. As the two women talked Sandi quickly refused the inheritance. 

Sheila waited for a further explanation. She knew that Sandi's husband had died nearly three years ago and rumor had it that he left very little money for her future maintenance. When no further explanation was forthcoming she repeated the offer, "We really want you to share in the inheritance with us. It was Daddy's wish!" 

Again, Sandi refused the offer as tears formed in her eyes and ran down her cheeks. She had loved Sam and he had loved her too. . . .that was enough. The money had not been a part of their world. Sheila was quick to note the tears and soon both women were enjoying a good cry. 

When Sheila had gone, Sandi sat alone thinking. "If Sheila knew, How many others had guessed the real nature of her housekeeping?" "Could it be that her own family knew?" Her mind was a mass of confusion as she mulled over the recent revelations. Then, there was the matter of the inheritance. . . . 

"Had her late husband known?" She thought. Then she reasoned, "He was incapable of covering even his slightest emotion or feeling from her. . .or from anyone for that matter." "No, he had died with no knowledge of her affair." 

The man Sandi had married until "death did them part" had been an immature, somewhat irrational man with no capacity for love. He had a pleasing personality when he wanted and a gift for speaking - a natural salesman. After they were married Sandi had become his willing chattel. Lacking self-esteem and confidence she gave her body freely in exchange for bed and board. When the first child came, she was completely overwhelmed by the responsibility. With each succeeding child the pressure on her increased. The world had been closing in on her when she met Sam. 

It was Sam who offered support for her mind and spirit. It was him who had helped restore her confidence and held her in such high esteem. It was from Sam that she drew the strength and the power to reign over her family. "I could never have made it without Sam." she said aloud. 

At home, her husband provided food, shelter and the necessities in return for a home, a refuge and a woman who serviced his needs on every request. When he came home from a drunken binge it was Sandi who put him to bed and tended his hangover. 

Then, after twenty four years of marriage, Sam didn't come home. Sandi was not overly concerned as he often stayed out overnight, when the doorbell rang. As she had opened the door, a police officer stood facing her. "I'm afraid I have some bad news," he said. 

The next few days Sandi was the tower of strength for her family. The grief and tensions of her husband's sudden death, funeral and adjusting to a new way of life she bore without any sign of weakness. . . she was a tower of strength! On Friday she went to Sam's. "He needed his housework done," she said. People admired her for her perseverance. . . . 

Sam had been the source of her strength.