 This story is not intended for anyone under the age of 18. Part of this story is based on true events in my life. I have not mentioned any names to protect those involved. The rest is fictitious. The whole story is the property of and copyrighted by the author.

--------------------

I remember my first kiss well....

It was a steamy spring afternoon and the auditorium was muggy, despite all of the doors being opened. Rehearsals for the spring play had just ended and I was sitting on the stage on the couch that was part of the set, waiting for a ride home. You had offered to drive me home in your truck, but my mother was already on her way and there was no way to tell her not to come.

You sat next to me, having decided to wait with me so I wouldn't be alone. We sit and talk about the play, about our classes and the teachers we had. We became friends in the ninth grade, when your family had moved into the area. You were the first boy who was truly my friend. You never teased me to hurt me, but rather as a friend to make me blush or laugh.

I was laughing at your jokes when you suddenly stopped and looked at me in a way you hadn't before. I stopped laughing as you leaned over and kissed me. It was a soft brushing of skin to skin. I didn't resist and you kissed me again, your tongue flicking out over your lips then mine. I sighed and you put your arms around me and we kissed some more.

Soon my mouth parted and your tongue snaked in and ran along mine. I could feel my body reacting, slightly afraid - I'd never kissed anyone before. I reached up a hand and ran it through your sandy blonde hair. We shifted and the kiss deepened.

I could feel myself grow wet as your hand reached down and rubbed along my breast, teasing the nipple through my blouse and bra. I was no stranger to my body - I'd been masturbating since I was thirteen. I knew I was getting turned on by your hands and mouth, the same feelings that would run through my body during a sexy scene in an R rated movie or one of the many 'bodice ripper' novels I had read over the years, were running intensely through me now.

You pulled back and looked at me intently before carefully removing my glasses and setting them on the coffee table in front of the sofa. Your hands traced my face before you touched my mouth with your fingers. I licked at them and you stuck one in. I suckled your finger and the look on your face made me realized I'd done the right thing.

Your other hand reached out for mine and brought it to your thigh. I rubbed the denim of your jeans for a few moments, still sucking away. Your hand moved my hand up your thigh, leading it closer to your body. I boldly reached out and cupped your cock through the jeans. The material was hot, as if you had a fever. Your penis was throbbing under my hand and you groaned.

The finger was gone and you kissed me again, your tongue replacing your finger. I happily sucked on it as I rubbed you. Your hands pulled my blouse out from my skirt and ran along my skin to my bra. I moaned into your mouth and you reached under the bra and began to pinch and play with my nipples. 

The honking horn from outside tore us apart faster than if someone had walked into the auditorium and caught us fondling each other. I grabbed my glasses and put them on before tucking my blouse into my skirt. You were already off the sofa and holding your gym bag in front of your hips. I grabbed my bookbag and stood.

Our eyes locked. It was the beginning of something new for both of us. Your free hand took mine and we walked off the stage and up the aisle to the doors. My mother's dark green VW Beetle was parked out front. You squeezed my hand before letting go. Waving at my mother, you quickly walked off somehow managing to keep your erection from my mother's view.

That was my first kiss.

Years later I still remember that moment. And the few moments we had over the next two years - never going beyond kissing and fondling. We were better as friends, despite how hot we felt with each other.

You went on to work in the video game industry, and I work in customer service for a small communications company. I only know of what you are doing because of the class reunion newsletter. I hadn't gone to our ten-year reunion - the only person I wanted to see was you, but I was married at the time. It didn't seem right. I wanted to know if the chemistry we had was still there.

Now I'm divorced and living alone. Sometimes I think about you and my body tightens with the memory. My hand drifts along my body as I lay naked in my bed, late at night, as I fantasize about what it would have been like if I'd given into you completely, rather than saving myself for marriage.

As my hands caress my breasts slowly, I imagine you coming to the bed and standing next to it, watching me. You're wearing a pair of faded button fly denims with the first two buttons undone. I can tell that you're not wearing underwear and my breath catches in my throat.

"Pinch your nipples," you softly command and I do, gasping at the feel.

My hands rub and pinch them until they are hard pebbles. You watch as my hips flex in tiny circles. You reach over and cup my mound with your hand, the heel brushing against my engorged clit and I moan as my hips jerk. You chuckle and rub against it for a brief moment as your finger rims my soaking entrance. My legs spread open for you as you dip your finger inside me, teasing me as my hands work my breasts and nipples until they are bright red.

Your finger slips out and you remove your hand, bringing it to your face. You lick my juices from the tip before bringing it down to my mouth. I suck it in greedily, enjoying my taste as I please you with my mouth and tongue. 

My hands reach out and cup you boldly between your legs. Your cock throbs under my hands. It feels larger than I remember. I caress it lovingly and your eyes close as you enjoy the sensations I'm bringing you. Finally you remove your finger from my mouth and step back. 

I start to run my hands along my inner thighs, caressing the outer lips of my pussy as I watch you slowly unbutton your jeans and slip out of them. My eyes go wide at the sight of your semi-hard cock. I lick my lips and you grin, knowing what I want.

I roll over on the bed to my hands and knees, crawling to you. I sit on the bed and you stroke my hair as I reach out and caress the hot velvet skin. It twitches and I watch it lengthen. I lick the head and you gasp. All I want to do is play with it, so I flick my tongue rapidly along the underside of the shaft as I cup your balls with one of my hands.

As I lick, I estimate you to be at least eight inches long, and the base thick - I can't get my fingers completely around you as I finally suck the head into my mouth. I feel your hand on my head as I move my mouth back and forth, my tongue rubbing along the skin. I can feel the saliva running down my chin as I fondle your balls with one hand and rub you with my other hand.

I pull back and concentrate on the large mushroom cap tip. I flick my tongue in the slit then run it all over the cap before I lick the underside of the ridge. I run my mouth and tongue down one side then back up the other before dipping down to lick your balls. You gasp as my fingers reach between your legs and rub that sensitive spot just before your anus. 

Your fingers grasp at my hair and you pull me away from your balls, back to your cock. I suck you in greedily. I use my hands and tongue along your shaft making you moan again. I never learned to deep throat, but I wish I could now. I take you in as deep as I can and begin to suck as I pull my mouth slowly back. I do this again and again as I bring a hand down to my pussy and begin to play with it.

"Not yet," you mutter, taking my hand away. I moan around you in my mouth and you gasp, "Do that again."

I begin to moan and hum and your hips begin to fuck at my mouth. I feel your balls begin to tighten up and I pull my mouth back to concentrate on the blood-engorged head as my hand rubs along the shaft faster and faster. My other hand reaches behind your balls again and I rub that spot as I start to hum on the head.

Your fingers clench my head as you tense up. The first stream of cum hits the back of my mouth and I choke for a moment. I swallow and continue to jack you off into my mouth. The cum pools on my tongue as you give off a few more streams. You're moaning and shaking as I swallow then run my cum coated tongue along the now highly sensitive head. A few more spurts and you finish cumming. I gently lick the cum from you before I pull away.

Your finger reaches out and wipes up a drop of cum from the corner of my mouth and you smear it across my lips. You bend down and pull me to my feet, kissing me like you did that first time - your tongue licking at my lips. My pussy twitches as your tongue licks up your own cum and then dives into my mouth to clean out the traces from inside.

"Sit down," you murmur, gently pushing me back to the bed. I sit and you kneel before me.

Your hands run down my legs and then lift them up so my feet are on the bed. My legs fall open and I spread myself wide for you. Your fingers lightly trace along the inside of my thighs, skimming the edges of my labia. They run through the sticky wetness of my arousal as you lean forward and inhale deeply. Your breath triggers my senses and my hips buck slightly.

"Easy," you say, grabbing my hips and holding them still. I whimper. You chuckle as you lean forward.

I hear and feel you inhale at my pussy, as if savoring the scent of my arousal. Before I can catch my breath your mouth brushes along the outer lips and I gasp as your tongue snakes out to lap up the moisture gathered there. I moan as you continue to lap, hitting all of my sensitive spots but the one I want you to lick. My pulse is pounding in my head, heart and clit as your tongue works its way between my folds and rim along the outer edge of my hot hole before pushing in.

My hips twitch as your tongue licks up inside me. Your nose barely brushes my clit and I whimper. You pull back and chuckle as I writhe on the bed in front of you. 

"Please," I beg. 

"Please what?" Your voice is rough from arousal and a tremor runs through me.

"Lick me," I moan, grabbing my nipples and pinching them hard, "Lick me and suck me. Make me cum!"

You chuckle again and press your face back to my hot pussy, this time attacking my clit and causing me to shriek in surprise then moan as your teeth gently nip at it before you begin to suck on it. I feel one then two fingers go in me, stroking. I moan loader.

Your mouth moves lower and your thumb takes over stroking the highly sensitive nubbin as your tongue enters me again and again. I feel the intense tingling start and I start to shudder as you lick up and down, in and out. My orgasm peaks as you take my hot clit into your mouth and suck on it, batting at it with your tongue then start to hum. I can feel my eyes roll back as my hips lift off the bed and I cry out.

It takes me a few minutes to recover from that, as you lightly lick and nibble on my pussy as I come down. When I finally stop shaking, you slowly kiss your way up my body, nestling yourself in the apex of my legs. I reach down and take you in my hand. You're hot and hard again.

It's your turn to moan as I rub the head of your cock along my clit. My body shudders when yours does. The juices coat the head before you take my hand away and replace it with your own. I feel you guiding it in and my legs wrap around you and help you slide in deeper. When you're all the way in, you stop.

I feel stretched. Never did my ex fill me the way you do. I can feel your pulse throbbing in tangent with mine. My hips flex and you smile before pulling out slowly. I moan as your penis slips out and you chuckle then push in all the way in one movement.

The feeling is intense and it grows as you continue to do that over and over - pushing in then slowly, agonizingly pulling out.

"Faster," my voice is breathy, "Don't tease me!"

You stop and look at me. My hair is spread out on the bed, my nipples are dark and hard, my body flushed with desire.

"What do you want me to do?" you ask as I wiggle against you.

"Fuck me," I whimper, "I want you to fuck me!"

You chuckle and I whimper again. You pick up the pace and soon you're pounding into me. I moan and you dip your head down to bite and lick at my nipples. I spasm around you and you gasp before taking one of them into your mouth and sucking hard. I cry out and rake my nails down your back, leaving red marks along your skin. You shudder and moan.

You push into me as far as you can go and grind your hipbone against my clit and mons. My hips twitch to meet yours and I pull you down for a hot, tongue filled kiss.

"Fuck my tits," I whisper into your mouth, "I want to feel your cum on my chest."

You kiss me again, as you circle your hips into mine before pulling out. You roll off of me then get up on your knees and straddle my chest. I watch your cock, wet and sticky with my juices, slip between my breasts. I feel your hands push them together to pillow around you as you begin to slide back and forth. You hump at them, your long fingers pinching and twisting my nipples. 

I slip one hand between your legs to dip between mine. I tap and wiggle my fingers on and around my clit as my other hand plays with your balls.

I can see the head of your cock pop out of my breasts as you move forward. I lean my head up and lick the tip as it comes towards my face. You lean further forward and I can suck the head now. My fingers touch that spot behind your balls again and you moan loudly.

"Oh God! Yessss...." I watch your face as you begin to come. The first spurt landing in my mouth. The next on my neck and hair. You straighten up and begin to stroke yourself quickly, my fingers still pressing that one spot. More cum spurts and oozes out.

"Ah!" I cry out as my fingers work on my clit, bringing my orgasm crashing on me.

I open my eyes and watch you pumping the last drops of cum from your cock. I reach up and begin to scoop the cum off of my breasts and lick it from my fingers. You watch, your cock still twitching. I then take your cum covered hands and lick them clean. You lie on your side and watch me lean over and clean off your cock next. I can feel it try to twitch back to life in my mouth, but you gently pull my mouth from you, bringing me up for a kiss. 

"That was amazing" you murmur, your hand going to my pussy. I moan and shudder softly as you finger me to another orgasm. Finally you roll me onto my side and spoon up behind me, and we fall asleep.

I awake, alone. You were only there in my fantasy. My hand is between my legs, drenched with my juices. I lick it clean before getting out of bed to start my day, wondering "What if...?"