 Alice had been having some trouble with her classes at university and after a meeting with her guidance counsellor it was agreed that she needed to have some extra tutoring in order to achieve a passable grade before the end of the semester. Alice was young, she had just turned 20, but she had a very mature head on her shoulders and it was for this reason that she found university boring. It was decided that every Monday, Tuesday and Thursday Alice would report to the library after classes where a tutor would attend to her tutoring needs.

It just happened that the tutor was a man named Andy who after one tutoring session thought Alice was not only smart but gorgeous as well. Alice had a young supple body which betrayed her young age. Alice had a cute little figure and pair of breasts that just highlighted her sensual body lines ever more. Her breasts were pert but supple and her nipples protruded through her blouse when it was chilly. Alice's legs were slender and well shaped and young her mind was very worldly in all things except sex. Alice had never had a boyfriend and couldn't understand her girlfriends squirming when boys walked by. 

Alice would look at Andy dreamily as he took her through her class notes and lead her through the various subject requirements each day. Alice thought he was attractive in a rough sort of way and his interest in her social activities showed a dedication to his students. It also transpired that Andy, although years older than Alice, started to fantasise about Alice each day and would wait eagerly for her classes to finish in order to see her and smell her aroma. After two weeks of sitting next to Alice, Andy decided that he had to have Alice and that if she was willing then Alice would be his lover... it was just a question of how and when.

Each day for the next two weeks Andy thought of how he could entice Alice towards letting him caress her young supple body. Andy also noticed that Alice had started to wear short skirts which rode up high on her thigh as she sat down and she had a habit of crossing and uncrossing her legs in front of him... although this could be an innocent movement he thought it was an indication that Alice was interested in him and he decided that Tuesday night he would test the water to see if she responded.

On Tuesday night Andy gazed at the clock on the wall and sighed heavily. After what seemed like hours, in reality only 5 minutes, Alice appeared at the library door and Andy got up to say hello and discreetly lock the door behind her. They sat down at the table where Andy had arranged the chairs so that they were very close to each other. As they went through the subject guidelines Andy started to ask Alice about her dreams and fantasies. Andy advised Alice that this was a good way for her to have a break from the mental strain of university studies. Alice said she always had a fantasy about swimming in a river with the water rushing over her body and making her skin tingle intensely. As she continued to talk... Andy lost track of her story as he was overwhelmed by her scent. Alice had sprayed perfume on her skin before entering the library and Andy was starting his own fantasy in his own mind. The blouse she was wearing was very light and see through. Andy's mind pictured the gentle contours of her supple breasts underneath the flimsy fabric of her blouse and how he would immensely enjoy lightly running his tongue over her nipples as he massaged her pert little breasts with his hands. 

Without even realising what he was doing Andy put his arm gently around Alice's shoulder and drew her close so he could smell her scent more intensely and he then turned to her and gave her a gentle kiss on her lips. As their lips touched Andy was woken from his dream world and realising what had happened apologised to Alice. 

Alice, to his surprise said it was OK and in fact she thought it was nice... she had never been kissed before. Not really kissed and she thought that his kiss was soft and sweet. Andy, without thinking pulled her close again and kissed her lips gently and let his hand fall to her breasts which were covered by the flimsy fabric of her blouse but her nipples had become erect at his kiss and touch. Alice responded by putting her arms around Andy which encouraged him to feel her breasts in the flesh as he slid his left hand underneath her blouse and bra to feel her tingling skin and roll her nipple in between his fingers. Alice's kiss became more intense with his hand on her breasts so Andy traced the outline of her mouth with his tongue before gently pushing his tongue into her mouth and rolling it over Alice's tongue.

Andy could sense Alice's growing excitement as her body began to tingle and he continued to knead her soft breasts with his left hand. Alice's body was buzzing and she kissed Andy more passionately than she thought possible as he continued to massage her breasts and nipples. He decided that if he was gong to compromise the teacher student trust he was going to go all the way and his right hand moved down to Alice's thighs which were sensitive to his touch as he could feel the goose bumps on her skin as he slowly rolled his fingers up towards her panties. When his fingers reached her panties he realised that they were already wet with eager anticipation and Alice's breathing had started to become erratic. 

Alice began feeling strange. Her body was tingling and her legs were wobbling, and she started to realise what some of her girlfriends had meant when they said their boyfriends made them horny. Alice had never felt like this before and this excitement of kissing her tutor and feeling him caress her young lithe body was overpowering. Alice's senses were on an all time high as she felt a tingle down in her pussy and stomach that she had never imagined could happen.

Andy traced her panty line from her legs to the top of the panties as he massaged her clit through her panties while also rolling a finger along her inner thighs. As Alice's nipples become erect Andy removes her blouse and unclips her bra as he runs his tongue down her neck to her breasts and gently sucks her ever hardening nipples. While nibbling on her right nipple and sucking her breast he plays with her left nipple to keep it nice & erect. He continues to suck & nibble her nipples as her moans start to become more rhythmic with his fingers massaging from her clit all the way to her ass tracing her pussy lips and gently rubbing her inner lips through her panties.

As Alice's skin bubbles with excitement Andy bites her nipples gently and this sends Alice into a pleasure zone unimaginable to her before today. Alice's moistened panties becomes soaking wet as Andy traces her pussy lips and sucks her nipples. Andy rolls his tongue down her stomach and removes her skirt. As he moves his mouth over her panties he licks at the wetness of her pussy and bites the fabric of the panties as he pulls them off with his teeth. He rolls his tongue down her legs to her toes and starts to lick the inside of her legs, paying particular attention to her inner thighs. As he parts her legs and licks her pussy lips from the bottom all the way to her clit he gently massages her tits with his hands continuously working her nipples. With her excitement building he inserts a finger in her pussy while sucking her clit and exploring her inner depths... her juices are flowing freely and he inserts a second finger as she start to buck & squirm. Andy rolls her clit over with his tongue as his fingers work her into a frenzy and her young pussy muscles clamp down on his fingers like a vice. Andy spreads her legs as wide as he can as he pounds her pussy with his fingers bringing her to a climatic high.

Realising he had gone well past the point of no return Andy stands up and rips off his shirt and drops his pants so that Alice can see his hard erect dick. Andy looks at Alice and motions for her to lie down on her back on the table as he moves into a 69 position and tells Alice to suck his dick while he continues paying attention to her clit and pussy. Alice is so far gone into 7th heaven that he could have told her anything and she would have done it.

So as not to force his dick into her mouth Andy holds himself just above Alice's head and lets her lick the head of his dick. Alice does as she is told and runs her tongue over the head and down the shaft. As if by instinct she cups his balls in her hands as she sucks and licks the head before taking him totally in her mouth. Andy is caught by surprise when she takes his full length into her mouth but she is doing such a great job of sucking him that he could barely hold himself back from exploding in her mouth. As he continued to play with her pussy and clit he felt Alice explode in a huge orgasm and she almost bites his dick as she clenches her teeth while sucking him.

With her juices streaming down her inner thighs and his body ready to explode Andy decides its time to test the comfort of Alice's young, tasty and virginal pussy. Andy dismounts from the table and stands between Alice's legs ready to insert his dick in her pussy.. stopping just short.. he runs the head up and down her pussy lips & over her clit. He teasingly rubs it up & down her outer lips until Alice begs him to insert it. Andy inserts the head just inside her inner lips and she bucks her hips at him with its entrance into her pussy. Andy has never felt a pussy so tight and holds himself just inside her to allow her to adjust to his size. After the initial pain of entry Alice's pussy envelopes Andy's dick and he starts to slowly push his dick further into her pussy.

Alice tells him that she has never felt so much excitement run through her body and Andy takes this as an indicator to start thrusting in and out. As he moves in & out her pussy muscles contract with vice like pressure once again to hold him inside her pussy. As Andy starts to pound her harder he raises her legs over his shoulders and massages her ripe and erect tits with his hands tweaking her nipples as her body convulses in pleasurable waves. Alice's moans start to get deeper and quicker and her skin is tingling with joy as her pussy grips his dick at every opportunity and her clit stands on end as Andy runs a finger over it at random. Sensing she is about to explode in another orgasmic wave of lust he rolls her over on to all fours and without withdrawing from her pussy pounds her as hard as he can while massaging her ass cheeks. Alice's ass looks very enticing as Andy pounds her pussy and Alice's supple yet erect tits swing freely as her juices overflow from multiple orgasms. 

As Alice's stretched pussy grips Andy's dick with vice like pressure he can feel himself about to explode and he tells Alice that she is about to feel a river break free inside her. Alice, moaning and her juices flowing freely simply smiles and says she is his to with as he pleases. Andy decides that if he's going to explode then Alice can cum along for the ride as well so he quickly moves his left hand around to Alice's clit and tweaks it between his thumb and finger. Alice's clit is erect and ultra sensitive and the touch of his hand sends her into another orgasmic convulsion as he explodes inside her pussy. Andy cums harder than he can ever remember cumming before and Alice in the midst of her own orgasm feels his juices work their way inside her tingling pussy. Andy slowly withdraws from Alice's warm and inviting pussy as his erection subsides and he turns Alice around to give her a passionate kiss and feel the heat of her young supple body against his. 

Andy tells Alice that if he had the energy left he would teach her a few more lessons... but that will have to wait for next time.

Alice looks at him with a wicked evil grin and says there's still one hole he hasn't tried...