 Jade's heels clicked across the cobblestones in the courtyard. She stops for a moment to enjoy the view that usually manages to entrance her. The moonlight glitters on the silvery water as it cascades from the beautiful Venus' marble hand into the bowl of the fountain below. On any other occasion she would linger and enjoy the sensuous touch of the cool water running over her wrist, enjoy the wonder of the moonlight sanctuary, but tonight, she was unsettled. She woke up this morning with the feeling that something was going to happen. Something utterly life changing, something she had not planned. Jade hates not being in control, but as the youngest daughter in a long line of women with the gift, she has learned from a very early age to pay heed to her intuitions.

As she had awakened, her skin had been tingling, the nerve endings, announcing their presence in no uncertain terms. Throughout the day, this feeling had intensified, until she was ready to scream, crawl out of her skin, anything if this would just stop. Actually it would have been strange if she were not caught up in this feeling of intense anticipation. Tonight she was going to finally meet Blaze face to face, and while she was trembling inside with excitement, she was also dreading the moment.

She had met him in a chat-room, built a friendship that had seen her through some difficult situations and was ready to meet him and take it to the next level. The flirting and virtual sex, although incredible, was no longer enough. It left her feeling well satisfied but empty. She needed to see him, to get to know the language of his eyes, his body, and soul. She had to touch his essence. It felt strange though, meeting someone, when you have already been so intimate with that person, knowing his deepest thoughts as he knew hers and still be strangers. She hopes that they will fall into the easy camaraderie; they shared online, in real life as well.

Coming to a stand in front of the bar's heaving wooden door, Jade draws a deep breath and enters, searching the room until she finds him in the crowd. His blond hair was easy enough to spot and he looked just like the photo she had saved from one of their many conversations. Her eyes met his, he must have been watching the entrance, and stepping down the stairs, she smiles.

Blaze stares, transfixed, as she moves toward him. Incapable of moving, he felt as if a hand had crushed his chest. My god, she is beautiful, he thinks, his light blue eyes glittering with excitement. The webcam had not done her justice. The air that comes alive with her warmth was not transmitted through the technology that had brought them together. He wants to sweep her away, there and then, jealous of sharing her with anyone; he wants to keep her somewhere safe, his own private source of light. Whoa, where had that come from? A little voice screamed in his head. Hold your horses; she might now want anything but friendship.

Jade stepped up to Blaze and taking his hand in hers, her fingers caressing his palm, rubbing against his palm, she leans into his body and kisses him softly on his lips. Hello lover. How are you? 

The ice broken, Blaze bends her arm, his hand still entwined with hers, around to her back and pulls her flush against him. Bringing her tight up against his body, her breasts crushed against his chest, her legs against him, so that every movement brings a new awareness, a new sensation. He cups his free hand around her neck and tilts her face up to his. Are you sure, this is what you want, he asks, his thumb stroking over her soft skin?

Oh yes, she answers, looking deep into his eyes and what she sees, convinces her to be completely honest. I was not sure, until just now. I was scared of ruining a good thing in favor of reality, but here, now, in your arms, I feel as I have come home. Sliding her hand around his back, she stands on her tiptoes, brining her mouth a breath away from his, and whispers, dance with me?

Blaze's arm tightens around her back. Darling girl, if I dance with you now, he groans and gives into the temptation to feel her lips under his. Nibbling on her lower lip, introducing just the tip of his tongue between her lips, tasting her warmth. We stand a good chance of ending up as public entertainment. I want you too much, to bear touching you and not touching your skin. I want you naked. I want to map the contours of your body with my hands and mouth. I want to explore you as I have never been able to before. I want to hear your soft cries of pleasure in my ears, our bodies so close that not even air will fit between us. I need to be inside you, so deep that we breathe as one, live as one and then I want to look into your eyes as the rainbow burns across the sky and you give me your pleasure.

Rubbing her against him slowly, making her aware of the truth of his need, he sends his tongue deep into her mouth. His kiss telling her, as it built into an erotic tumult, of his intense need to do, that which he has just described so perfectly.

Gasping for breath against his lips, she moans. Straining to get even closer, wanting the union he painted with his words. Her nipples tighten, rubbing against the lace of her bra, swollen, needing his touch. Her thighs moving against his, inflaming him further, with moisture slowly gathering and spilling over her secret lips. Her sex felt heavy, engorged, every nerve ending standing erect, awaiting the command of its master, him. Let's go, she whispers.

Unwrapping himself from their embrace, must have been one of the most difficult things he has ever done, he thought silently as taking her by the hand he leads her outside, to his car. Unable to help himself he presses her back against the steel and bends down to once again fuse her mouth to his. Open for me baby, I need to be inside. Pressing her hand back with the force of his kiss, passion riding him hard, he pushed one of his strong thighs between hers, lifting her slightly, so that he was her balance she could do nothing but ride the pressure of his leg against her, so near and yet not near enough.

Groaning, she kisses him back with every fiber of her being, bearing down on his thigh to relive the intense pressure building up inside of her. Sucking his tongue into her mouth, as he wished to absorb him, into her body. Her hands frantic, trying to touch as much of him, as possible, to communicate with him, her desire. He starts fighting her clothes out of the way, parting the wrap-around bodice of her dress to get to her skin. Her skin, soft under his hand, as he pushes beneath the lace to enfold her breast.

The sudden blow of a car's honk, actually has him shuddering as it brings him back to the present, to their exposure, to the prying eyes of strangers. Groaning, deeply in his chest, feeling as if he is peeling his own skin away, he draws back and helps her to fix her clothes.

Smoothing her hands over his chest, over his shoulder to cup his face, she draws his head down, touches her lip to his and whispers, I live right across the courtyard. Sliding her arm underneath his, she nestles against his side as she leads him to a concealed arch and through the magic garden. Nobody but the owner of the bar and myself use this garden. It is one of the main reasons I bought this little house in the middle of the city. Since we work different hours, he paints in the garden by day and I dance in the moonlight.

Suddenly she pulls away, skipping ahead and doing a pirouette, laughing as if the happiness of the moment just had to boil over into playful action. Catching up to her, Blaze puts his hands on her hips and gently draws her into his body, allowing her to feel the tension strumming through him. Bending backwards slightly, Jade sways her hips into his groin, rubbing against the tempting hardness. Seducing him into, action. Answering her siren's call, he backs her into the wall beside the door and bends his head down to kiss her. The minute their lips meet, all playfulness is gone. Hunger breaks through to the surface. A hunger, for each other, too long suppressed.

Blaze slips his tongue into Jade's mouth, swallowing her breathless gasp, which he answers with a groan from deep inside his chest. She states like nothing he has ever experienced, spicy and sweet, innocent and temptress. He can feel the need to make her his own, rolling through him, his cock so hard already that he fears, he would not be able to do justice to this amazing woman who has turned his head in every way. Sliding his hands between them, he circles around her nipples, teasing without actually touching, until she cannot bear the ache any longer. Shifting in his arms, she bends backwards, offering her breasts up to his ministrations, but still he would not satisfy the need burning in her.

I need to see you, he says, finding the tie to her dress and releasing the knot. She watches him from beneath heavy lidded eyes, glittering with her desire. He smoothes the dress away, brushing over her nipples as if by accident, and smiles at the sudden tightening of her body.

Touch me, please, she moans in a strangled voice.

I will, when you want it more than your next breath. When you feel as if you will die if you cannot have my hands on you, I will give you want you want.

I am already dying; she cries and covering his hands with her own, drags them across her breasts, shuddering, as his hard palms cup her. He teases her breasts, lightly, rubbing her nipples through the lace of her bra, sensitizing them; so that she cries out when he bends his head and draws one of the rock hard tips into his mouth. It feels as if his heat is burning her alive, his tongue, playing with her nipple through the roughness of the lace. His teeth nibbling until she feels as if she will burst from her skin, her other breast caught in his fingers, slightly pinching, not hard enough to hurt, just hard enough to make her realize that the satisfaction of having his touch, only heightens the need.

Twisting against him, her body restless, seeking the hardness of his, she blindly raises her face to find his lips. Burning with white hot need, she pushed his lips apart and devours his mouth as she hopes he will devour her. Tongues entwining, they kiss, loosing themselves in the heat of the desire burning, between them. A fire in their blood, hot enough to burn anything in its path. Pinching her nipple between his fingers, Blaze slides his other hand down her side, over her hip to the junction of her thighs. Cupping her, he grumbles his satisfaction at finding her heat. Rubbing lightly, he abrades her swollen clit with the lacey thong she is wearing, feeling her wet heat calling to him. Making her moan, her desire to the moonlight, her soft cries, music to his ears, he reaches around and slides his hand beneath the thong, pulling on it so that it stretches tight across her most sensitive part.

Jade unable to bear the fire burning through, grinds her hips into his groin, brushing against his hardness, hoping to find enough pressure to relieve the ache inside her. Her hips moving frantically against his, seeking satisfaction until he has to grip her hard between his hands and hold her a breath away from his body, lets it all be over before he has even unbuttoned his pants. His blood pounding in his cock, he takes a deep breath to calm himself down a little. Keeping his hold on her hip with one hand, he slides the other between her thighs, under the thong and slips a finger deep inside her. She is so aroused that he glides in on a flood of her juices inducing a soft scream of thanks. He draws back and she grabs his hand to find that special spot inside, his thumb finding her swollen clit and softly circling. Ahhh, don't tease me like this she whispers, past the dryness in her throat. His voice husky, watching, with building need the slide of his hand on, in her body. The sight of him was pleasuring her, driving the heat faster through her veins. He answers with another slow thrust into her warmth, stretching in his fingers apart, making her moan his name.

Damn, but she is responsive to my touch, he thinks to himself, in a halfway lucid moment. He cannot remember, the last time any woman has responded to him like this. Making him feel ten foot tall. Another slow thrust of his fingers has her moaning, soft little cries, escalating with each glide of his fingers over the centre of nerves inside her. Finally he fuses his mouth over hers, drinking in the sounds before they can escape into the heat of the night.

Open your eyes, he whispers into her mouth and catchers her dark gaze with his. His blue eyes heated on hers as he slides deep once again. I want to look at you, when you go over. Give yourself to me, do not fight it.

I cannot stand it, she answers in broken breath, every bit of air being dragged past her constricted throat a fight. Ohhhhhhhh, she kneels as her body, racing ahead, convulses into orgasm beneath his fingers. He presses deep, prolonging the moment of release, enjoying the feel of her warmth, clenching around his fingers, trying to hold on to him, keeping him inside. His thumb presses down on her sweet little clit, causing another spasm to rock her. He slowly withdraws his fingers from her body, cupping her heat in his hand for a moment, before touching them to his mouth, his tongue coming out to taste her essence on his skin, circling his finger with obvious enjoyment.

Hmmmm, the sweetest perfume, a woman's desire, he whispers. Taste, he commands, pressing his fingers against lips swollen from their passion.

Taking his hand in hers, she draws his fingers deep into her mouth, sucking so that he closes his eyes against the erotic sight. Dragging air into his lungs, his minds eye calls up a picture, nearly driving him to his knees with a fresh wave of desire, imagining her lips closing around his cock with the same utter enjoyment. Sucking on him just as sweetly, draining him of his seed. His balls tightening at the thought, sending him into action. He has to get her somewhere a little more private for what he has in mind. Quickly before he gives into to the urge to shove her up against the wall and take her like a storm, from the prison of his trousers. But he does not want their first time to be like that, standing up, thrusting into her heat uncontrollably, and urging them both to a quick peak. He wants to take his time, drink her essence from the well of need between her thighs, taking her so high that she will be insensate with pleasure, pleading for surcease, when he finally gives himself to her.

He remembers, reading somewhere, passion with your twin soul, was like heaven and hell with a rainbow burning in between. It feels like that, a burning rainbow, tearing at his insides, burning with all the colors of the light. As he draws his fingers from their wet prison, caressing her lips, he realizes that a lifetime with this woman would not be enough, each time he had to leave her would just leave him with a greater need to return to her warmth. Like a bushfire feeding on itself, she arouses needs in him that would never be completely fed, leaving him hungry for just one more taste, one more touch. He suspects that would still be calling her name with his dying breath.

Jade, slowly coming down from a cloud of pleasure, feels the change in him. Looking straight into his eyes, she asks, what is the matter my darling man?

Cupping his hand around her cheek, the thumb caressing her lips as if unable to leave her softness, he searches her eyes, falling into the dark pools of her soul, trying to assess her feelings. Are you sure, this is what you want?? Make up your mind, right now, because if I follow you through that door, there will be no turning back. I will drink you're pleasure all night, I will be inside you all night, I will not stop until you are ties to me with strings so tight, that you will never be able to look at another man again. If you cannot handle that, if you do not want me that way, tell me now. Once I enter, there will be nothing else for either of us. Are you ready to give yourself over into my care and willing to let me give myself, all that I am to you?

Yes, she breathes past a wave of emotion, her eyes turning cloudy with tears. Turning around, she unlocks the door and leads him inside, reaching to switch on the lights.

No, leave them off. I want to see you in the moonlight, he says, following the trail of silvery light spilling into the room and illuminating her features. As if unable to resist, he reaches out to touch her nape, slowly caressing her vulnerable skin, following the vein pulsing beneath her ear, to its resting place behind her collar bone. Wrapping his hands around the soft roundness of her shoulder, he pulls her into his body, enclosing her in a warm embrace, surrounding her with himself. Tightening his arms around her, he nestles his face into her hair, breathing in her unique scent, a mixture of shampoo, lotion and perfume brought together in perfect harmony with the scent of a woman, underneath. Planting a kiss on the soft skin below her ear, suckling, marking the skin before nibbling on her earlobe, he whispers. Take me to your room!!!

Restless, her body coming alive again with the fire burning low in her blood, she moves against him, caressing him with her entire body, rubbing her swollen breasts against his jacket, her silk clad legs against the rough fabric of his trousers, her hips brushing against his painfully hard groin, teasing him with a touch, that while enticing was not enough. This way, he nods towards the stairs, sliding a hand beneath her knees, picks her up and carries her to the top. Entering the first door, on the landing, he finds her bedroom by luck alone, his lips too busy exploring her sweetness for his brain to make any logical choices. Keeping her tucked against his chest, he stops against the four poster and removed his hand, lets her slide down the length of his aching body. The brushing of her legs against his sending a delicious thrill through her, leaving her shuddering in his arms. At his answering tremble, a sound, almost a growl, escapes from her throat.

Cupping her hand against his jaw, Jade pulls him closer, sucking his bottom lips into her mouth to worry it with her teeth. Slowly, laving the pain away with her tongue, before slipping inside his warm mouth, tangling her tongue with his and slipping away. She teases him into following her so that she can suck deeply on the slippery appendage. All patience gone, she slides her body against his, rubbing the hard points of her nipples against his chest, until she feels consumed by the fire within, burning white heat inflaming her senses. Her hips, grinding hard into his groin, trying to get closer to the source of the heat. Her hands, sliding under his shirt, frantically tucking it out of the way, reaching for his skin. Fighting her way beneath the layers separating them, she pays no heed to buttons tearing off and dropping to the floor.

Hang on baby, Blaze cautions her. Slow down, we have all night.

I want you now, she whispers in a strangled voice, thick with need. I need to have you so deep inside me that I do not know where you end and I begin. I need to feel you Blaze.

Then tell me, he stays stepping away, shrugging off the remainder of his cloths, sitting down briefly on the edge of the bed to take off his socks and shoes. Tell me exactly what you want me to do to you?? Do you want me to suck on your nipples, he asks, moving closer and opening her dress, smoothing it away from her body?

A moan escapes her, at the picture his words were painting. Do you want me to go down on my knees and stroke the fire in your clit with my mouth, my tongue, he continues, unclasping her bra and letting it fall on the floor next to the bed? Are you warm, dripping with need, arching to have me, he questions while sliding his hands beneath her thong, caressing it away from her hips and letting it slide down her legs? Are you willing to lie back on this bed and show me, just how wet you are, the glistening juices spilling out of you, covering the dusky flesh awaiting me?
