 To pick up where I left off in the first story, Bob, my brother-in-law, had asked Jill, his wife to do what ever it took to keep me happy and keep me working for them. Actually this was a way he could get Jill to expose her sexy body, something he had always wanted her to do. We live in the Midwest in a rural area. I helped them around the farm with what ever he needed from time to time. We were harvesting his soybean crop at the time, and Jill was being very sexy for me, which was a big change because she had always been very prim and proper. They were trying to get pregnant so Jill didn't want me to fuck her but she said she would wear sexy clothes and flash me. She did all that and more. (You need to read the first story). 

As we worked on getting the bean crop out, Jill started riding with me back to the field to change trucks and bring the full one back to unload. I had her ride naked and not put her clothes back on until just before we got to the field. With each load she wore sexier and more revealing clothes and Bob would always talk to me about how sexy she looked and I always agreed. He would always tell her he loved her and to continue to wear even more sexy clothes so I would keep helping them. He knew I would of kept helping anyway. He was enjoying controlling Jill and exposing her. 

One time while we ate a sack lunch in the field, I commented that the only way Jill could be sexier was if she was totally naked. At the time she was wearing the dress that she didn't want to wear the first time I fucked her. Bob smiled and said that would sure be sexy to see her totally naked wouldn't it. Jill was sitting there with this cute, I don't believe you guys look as we talked about her. I said yes seeing her naked out here in the outdoors in the wide-open spaces would be a real turn on. Jill finally spoke up and said "come on guys, I'm already very much exposed right now." 

Bob said yes you are and we are very much enjoying it and appreciate what you are doing to make the job go easier and faster, don't we. I smiled at them and said that yes, I was really enjoying working with them this year. I said the sight of Jill each day made it a lot easier to keep coming back. I decided to push Bob a little and said I could only think of one thing that could be better. 

I could see Jill become uneasy and I watched for Bob's reaction. He looked from me to Jill and said with a big smile, he had thought about that alot but didn't know how to bring it up to Jill, but since I had brought it up. Jill didn't say a thing as Bob went on saying he loved Jill very much and knew she loved him and thought they loved each other enough to consider what I had suggested. He sat there with a sheepish smile on his face staring at Jill. Her nipples were sticking out hard as rocks. She looked into Bob's eyes and said Bob; I do love you very much, more than anything. I've always tried to please you and do what ever you wanted me to do. If I understand you right you are asking me to take a very big step here. He never quit smiling as he said yes; it is a very big step and all I'm asking is you consider it. Really consider it. 

I sat there looking back and forth at them as they discussed this life-changing event for them in front of me. I decided they need time alone and I got up and said I was going to check the oil in the trucks. I went to the closest truck and stayed out of sight but close enough I could hear their conversation. Bob was very excited about the possibility. Jill acted very reserved and said she wasn't sure she could do it. 

She reminded him they were trying to get pregnant and she was not on any birth control. Bob was so consumed about it he said he didn't care. If she got pregnant, she got pregnant. She told him she wanted their baby to be just that, their baby. He compromised by saying; maybe they could pursue this after she got pregnant. They finally ended their conversation with she would think about it if that is what he really wanted. He held her tight and kissed her hard and told her that is what he really wanted. Then he said maybe until then she could experiment with some topless outfits and maybe some total nudity. She hugged him tight and told him he was a sex maniac. They laughed as he picked her up and spun around with her in his arms as he told her she was a very special person and he truly loved her. I really loved them both. 

We started cleaning up our lunch mess and got ready to go back to work. Bob winked at me and said he was really excited about what was to come. Jill just smiled and said she wasn't sure what was to come yet. Bob was so excited and receptive right now that I decided to introduce the other thought I had. I said yes who knows what will come. Talking to Jill, I said Bob might hire five or six more guys to help out and want you to keep them all happy to. Bob stood there smiling at Jill and said yea, we could sure get the crops out quicker if we had more help. Jill said she thought we had enough help to get the job done. Bob said he was trying to buy the farm that bordered theirs and if he did he would probably need more help next year. Jill just shook her head and said; Bob you are impossible. 

Bob went to the combine laughing out loud and we got in the full truck and headed out of the field. I told her to unbutton the top and take her arms out of it. She did letting it hang around her waist. I told her to get out and let Bob see her. He was coming toward the road and I'm sure he could see her standing on the running board topless as he came toward us. I started moving slowly and she waved to him and got back inside the truck. She said all this talk had her excited. She laughed and said she could just imagine how excited Bob must be right now. 

Jill moved over and started stroking my rock hard cock. We worked together to get it out and she sucked me with reckless abandon and I pinched her nipples as we drove. I shot my load very quick and she swallowed most of it. Once we had the beans moving out of the truck I again bent her over the tractor tire and fucked her hard. Yes I was wearing a rubber. She didn't know I had bitten a hole in the end of it though and filled her full of cum. The next week we finished getting the crops out and I was sorry I was out of work.

It wasn't long before I got a call from Jill. She was really excited as she told me she was pregnant. I asked if Bob was excited. She said he was real excited. He said two things when he found out. We're finally going to have a baby and now we can have some more fun sexually. I said he still wants you to have sex with me. She said yes and thanks to you he has mentioned me having sex with multiple partners at the same time at least 10 times now. I laughed and said a good old-fashioned gangbang huh. She asked me why I had to mention that to him. 

She said I knew he would pick up on that. I laughed and said yes I hoped he would. I said I knew it was her fantasy and was just trying to help out all I could. She gave a small laugh and said it was more my fantasy than hers. That same day Bob called me and asked if I could come over on Saturday and help him move some equipment. Then he said, Oh by the way, Jill is finally pregnant. I said that’s great and congratulated him. He asked me if I remembered what we had talked about that day we ate lunch in the field. I said yes I did! He asked if I still wanted to have a little fun with Jill. I said sure, I was always ready to have a little fun. 

We made plans for Saturday. He said he would set up everything and talk with Jill about Saturday. He would leave us alone for a while but actually he would be out of sight but still be able to see us. He thought Jill would be more comfortable the first time if he weren't there. I told him I would be over and hung up. I had already been with Jill at least a dozen times. I couldn't believe he could not tell her pussy was bigger than it used to be. Surely he was just playing along to bring it to the surface. He had to be. 

Saturday came and I headed over to Bob and Jill's house around 10:00 in the morning. It was late fall and it was a little chilly outside. Jill had on a pair of tight jeans and a blouse with no bra. You could just barely make out her dark areolas and nipples through the material. She did have the top two buttons undone and I enjoyed the view as we drank a cup of coffee before we started working. Bob did have some machinery to move around for the winter and to get some in the shop to work on during the winter. By noon it had started to warm up nicely. Jill was wearing a zip up sweatshirt over the blouse. After dinner it had warmed up enough that Bob told Jill to go put on something a little more revealing. 

She thought it was still cool out but Bob insisted. She came back wearing Bob's trench coat. We both looked at her and she smiled and slowly opened the coat. She was wearing a short sheer negligee that came just below her pussy. She wasn't wearing the panties. She smiled and asked Bob if this was revealing enough. He laughed and said yes, he believed it would do and told her to hand him the coat. She had planned on keeping it on and pouted teasingly as she slowly took it off. We finished moving the bailer and only had one more piece of equipment to reposition and Bob asked if we could get it without him. He had to run into town to get some parts. 

I said we could handle it. Jill smiled at him and said she would do as they had planned. He backed out and drove over the hill out of sight. We heard him stop and shut off the motor. Jill said he is coming back to watch isn't he. I smiled and said yes. We finished moving the last piece of equipment and Jill said for his benefit, I sure hope Bob is sure about this. She walked up to me and stood there in front of me. The big overhead door to the shop was wide open and she asked me to close it. I smiled and said I thought it would be more fun if we left it open. I reached out and slowly ran my hands down her arms and up on her shoulders and slowly down onto her tits. 

I squeezed them through the negligee and pinched her nipples. She said she was not into pain so be nice. I told her to take my cock out of my pants. Jill looked around and at the open door and then unzipped my pants and unhooked my jeans and slid my jeans and shorts down my thighs to my knees. My rock hard cock bounced out straight in front of me. She said Man, that thing is big. I thought I heard Bob chuckle when she said that. I took the hem of the negligee and slowly raised it up over her head and she stood there totally naked. 

She said for Bob's benefit I don't think that thing will fit inside me. I laughed and said if we can't get it all inside you today we'll have to do it again tomorrow. She was playing with me and I was playing with her. I looked around and had her bend over using the tractor tire for support and I got down between her legs and started eating her pussy. She moaned and said that really felt good. I looked and saw Bob standing where he could see everything. 

I held up my thumb and he did the same so I kept on eating her. I decided to have some fun and told her to trade me places. I sat against the tractor tire and told her to suck my cock. She said Bob had not told her she had to do that. I told her she didn't have to but I wanted her to. She slowly bent to her knees and kissed the head and then slowly sucked it into her mouth. 

After a couple of minutes I was getting close to cumming and told her to change places again. I rubbed the head of my cock against her pussy lips, as she stood bent over. I told her she was very wet as I slowly slid the head of my cock into her hot pussy. We had to make it look like it was a struggle to get it in. We worked for about ten minutes and I announce I was all the way inside her pussy. I started fucking her and she was moaning and telling me it hurt and be careful. I just kept ramming it into her and told her I was about to cum. 

I felt her trembling and she started screaming saying fuck me. FUCK ME HARDER, FASTER. Over and over. I shot my load and held her ass tight next to me and let my cock soak inside her cum filled pussy. I saw Bob leave and told her our voyeur was gone. She said it had been really exciting knowing he was watching. I said when he got back maybe we would both fuck her at the same time. She could suck one of us and fuck the other and rotate. She smiled and said that was his plan. I laughed and said at least we think alike.

We heard Bob start the truck and heard him come back to the machine shed. She debated on whether to put the negligee back on or not. I told her to leave it off. He pulled up to the overhead door and got out of his truck and stood there smiling at us and asked what has been going on. Jill said do you really have to ask. We all laughed and Bob walked over and kissed her and said well, lets do it again. He told her to suck my cock and get me hard again as he started undressing. I dropped my pants again and she squatted down and sucked my semi-hard cock into her mouth. 

We were both looking at Bob as he watched her suck my cock. He moved over and started fingering her hot wet pussy and smiled as he slid his cock inside her and started pounding away in her pussy. He was pumping into her so hard she was having a hard time keeping my cock in her mouth. I started slowly pumping in and out of her mouth as I held her head with my hands. I started pushing deeper into her mouth and could feel her gag as I went into her throat. 

She never pulled away though and stayed right there as I kept working and every once in a while I would push deep into her throat. Bob slowed his pace and smiled and raised his eyebrows at me as if to say, man can you believe this. I smiled as I was enjoying myself and was glad he was also. Jill started pushing back against him and started sucking harder on my cock between moans. She was about to go over the top. She started shaking visibly and I slowly pushed my cock down her throat and held it there for a couple of seconds. When I pulled it back out she was moaning loudly. Bob said he was cumming and filled her with his load. He pulled out and told me to trade places. He said he wanted her to taste their juices on his cock. I moved around and slowly slid my cock into her as he stuck his cock into her mouth. 

She sucked and licked his cock like there was no tomorrow. I was sliding all the way in and all the way out slowly. I could feel her pussy squeezing my cock as I fucked her. I would say she had found her calling. She loved to fuck and suck and it was finally coming out after keeping it subdued for so long. She looked up at Bob and told him just what he wanted to hear. She said she loved him and said she would always do what ever he wanted her to do when it came to sex. She sucked him a little bit and then added, if he wanted her to fuck and suck fifty guys all at the same time she would do it. 

She immediately went back to sucking his cock and she was deep-throating him taking his cock completely into her mouth each time she went down. He stood there smiling from ear to ear looking at me and held up both fists with a thumbs-up signal. I started pumping into her hard and Bob matched my pace and we were filling her mouth and pussy at the same time. I was about to unload a large load and told them so. Holding on to her pelvis bones on both sides I rammed into her hard about three times and shot my load as deep inside her as I could and held it deep inside her. 

Bob said he was about to cum and shot into her mouth. I reached down and started diddling her clit and she immediately exploded having a massive orgasm. We were all totally spent as we sat on the floor of his shop right in front of the overhead doors. We were slowly recovering as the mailman drove past the shop. I saw him take a double take as he looked and saw us sitting there. No one moved for a minute and Jill said he turned around down at their neighbors house and would be coming back by in a couple of minutes. Bob had a devilish look on his face as he said well if he stops, we'll invite him to join us. We did get up and move out from in front of the big door. He drove slowly back by but didn't stop. It was his loss. 

Bob, Jill and I had a lot of fun the next five months while she continued to get bigger with child. Jill would meet me and we would have just a two some as her and Bob were. And we would all get together and have a threesome regularly. I enjoyed exposing Jill to strangers and we would go driving flashing the truckers on the interstate and she would wear sexy revealing clothes even after the baby started showing. Her tits got bigger which I really enjoyed, as I am a tit man. 

All three of us would drive into the city and we would get Jill completely naked as we drove and would pull into gas stations and drive around in the mall parking lot exposing her sexy body. One time I remember that I really enjoyed the most was when we stopped at a rest area and had Jill go to the bathroom totally naked with several people around to see her. When she came back to the car we had public sex. She fucked and sucked both of us standing there next to the car with one of us sitting in the car and the other standing behind her in the open car door. It was really exciting to be fucking her and looking around seeing people looking our way. 

We all talk about that day as being the best. I wonder just how many women would be like Jill if they had the chance Jill has had. She is the prime example of someone coming out of their shell. You would never have thought she could or would do and enjoy the things she now looks forward to. I'll bet that given the opportunity a very large percentage of women would be like Jill. 

I am amazed at how happy Bob and Jill are these days. I finally realized this and started talking to my wife Julie, but that is another story. Oh yes after the baby was born and Jill recuperated from the pregnancy, we continued our activities and introduced Jill to her first of several gangbangs. I'll relate those experiences in the next story.