 Author’s Note: My first submission! This story is based on a fantasy that my fiancé and I concocted while she was living abroad in Mexico. Written as a chain story, each section shifts from her viewpoint to mine. Any and all feedback is welcome! Enjoy!

"So, you want to dance?" 

The tension in the air was almost tangible, as was the challenge that hung between Jason and Devon. 

"If you think you can handle it", Devon shot back. 

"Put your money, and your car, where your mouth is." The gauntlet had been thrown. There was no backing down for either one...and that was exactly what they wanted. 

"Last one to cross loses the car...and 20,000 G's." 

"Agreed. Let's dance." 

Both men turned from the neutral ground in the middle of the street. Light from the city cast wavering pools on the midnight asphalt. The throng that lined each side of the road shifted in excitement. As Jason made his way back to his crowd, a new face caught his attention. A beautiful redhead, deliciously wrapped in a skin-hugging, very short leather skirt and next-to-nothing shirt. His eyes moved up and down her, assessing her. 

A Porsche, he decided. Her dazzling red hair contrasted sharply with her pale skin. She had a tight body with an even tighter ass. Sleek, small, and ready to run. His looked up and met her cool eyes. Eyes that had just sized him up much the same way he had her. There was fire in those green eyes, as well as defiance. Jason, drawn by the look, stopped right in front of her. She was the first to break the silence. 

"So, you think you can out-run Devon?" 

"Yeah...do you think you can out-run me?" 

"I can run all night long. I doubt you could keep up." 

"Oh really? Running tight curves is what I do best." The sexual energy between the verbal sparring was intense. She radiated it. Jason knew that he wanted her. 

"It had better be, " she replied. "Devon is an ass-hole, but he's good." 

"Not as good as me." Jason's sureness was not the result of an ego, but the simple truth. "How do you know him so well?" 

"I used to fuck him. He wasn't good enough." 

"Word on the street was that Devon never did know how to handle his stick." 

"Speaking of Devon, I think he's getting impatient." She pointed over Jason's shoulder. Reality snapped back. Jason glanced back. Devon was already in his 1968 Shelby Cobra Fastback, and he was ready to go. Jason, his mind back on the race, turned away from the woman and began to walk back to his own fire-red 2000 Honda SL. He slowed, then turned around. 

"What's your name?" 

"Hannah." 

"Wanna beat this dick with me?"

"Can you handle me and him at the same time?"

"We'll find out."

Hannah stepped from the crowd, and walked towards Jason. She stepped past him, grabbed the roof of the car, and slid in feet first through the driver’s side window. As she did her skirt rode up to reveal the curve of one creamy white cheek. She was wearing nothing underneath. Jason quickly followed her in. After buckling the seatbelts, Hannah reached down between her legs with her right hand and ran her index finger along the middle of her pussy. A slight moan issued from her lips. She held up her hand. Her wetness glisten in the streetlights. 

"God, races make me so wet." She offered her finger to Jason. He leaned over, took her finger in his mouth, and sucked her juice off. The moment was interrupted by the load growl of Devon's engine. It was time to dance.

Jason brought his engine to life with a roar. Hannah took his face in her hands and planted a sizzling kiss on his lips. She looked over at Devon. “You don’t stand a chance,” she said as she slowly traced Jason’s muscular body with her eyes. Devon responded with a snarl and revved his engine.

“Gentlemen, on your marks…” the light was changing, time slowed to a crawl as Jason and Devon focused on the moment when the light would signal the start. Hannah, however, decided to test Jason’s concentration and control in the heat of the moment and undid her seatbelt. She leaned over and unzipped his pants; she could tell he had wanted her by the telltale bulge when he had been talking to her; he sprang free, bigger than she had expected. I wonder what else he’s hiding, she thought. She popped a mint and went down on him.

Jason had been completely focused on the exact moment of the light change, so he had not noticed Hannah’s doings. He suddenly felt her mouth, warm and moist, surround him at the same instant the light glowed green. By the time Devon had registered the light change, Jason was already at least twenty feet ahead. Jason struggled to keep his concentration on the race and beating Devon, but he couldn’t ignore what Hannah was doing to him. He could feel her tongue tracing around the tip of his head, her hands stroking the base of his cock and balls, exciting him and sending waves of ecstasy through his body. The stakes were too high. If he lost this race, he lost his car… Adrenaline rushed through his body as he noticed Devon’s car slowly gaining. The speedometer read 120.

“Shit.” He pushed the gas pedal to the floor, and was pressed back in his seat. Hannah, knowing the end of the race was near, increased the intensity and rhythm. She could tell Jason could not last much longer, she sucked his cock like she did dumdums as a child, she twirled her tongue around the head while continuing to stroke his base with her hands. She looked up at Jason to gauge his reactions and noticed he had his head back against the seat, his eyes wide open, gas pedal to the floor. The finish line was drawing near, as was Devon.

Jason could barely stand it, lust and adrenaline coursing through his body, each amplifying the effects of the other. His hands gripped the steering wheel so tightly his knuckles were white, he wet his lips with his tongue, a moan of pleasure escaped his lips as he came into her mouth, exploding across the finish line, Devon seconds behind. As he slowed the car to return to the starting line, Hannah took his right hand and guided it between her legs. Jason could feel that she was hot and wet and was also bare.

“I’ll give you this later tonight, as part of your prize. Pray you can keep up with me, because this race is not yet over.” She turned and exited gracefully from the car, laughing derisively at Devon.

Jason watched her tight ass sway invitingly as Hannah walked away, her laugh fading into the night. His thoughts jumbled and clashed together—adrenaline, lust, speed all mixed in a confusing swirl. 

"YOU SONOFABITCH!" A gloved hand dove though the window and latched onto Jason's black leather jacket. Jason looked up in time to register Devon's other hand, in a fist, come crashing into his jaw. The force of the punch snapped Jason's head back into his seat. The pain seared though his brain, but action quickly followed. 

Before Devon could pull back, Jason grabbed his arms and yanked him forward. A muffled grunt of surprise, then pain was followed quickly by the crunch of bone on metal. As Devon recoiled away from the car, Jason wasted no time climbing free into the street, blood trickling down his face. 

"What's the matter Devon, sore loser?" Jason reached up a finger and wiped some of the blood from his chin, tasted it, and smiled. "That's what I thought. My blood's too rich for you." 

Devon started forward, his face a bloody mess, but noticed the gathering crowd that had surrounded the two men. 

"Sorry Devon. Street rules, street prizes. Fork over the keys. You can make the deposit in the usual method." 

"This isn't over, Jason." 

"Of course not. You're not dead yet." 

Devon growled, and then in one motion threw his keys to the ground and stalked off. The crowd parted and closed around him, leaving Jason alone in the victor’s circle. He walked over, picked up the keys, and tossed them to one of his friends. "Park it at the house, I've got some unfinished business," his mind already on his other promised reward.