 She met me at the door with a smile and a kiss.

"Are you ready for the fashion show?"

"Am I ready? You have promised me on for a month and a half!"

"Well come in here and get ready," she said leading me into the bedroom. "Sit down and take a load off."

I sat down on the edge of the bed as she walked into the bathroom. Watching her ass and hips sway I and wondered, how did I get so lucky?

I guess I had better explain. I'm six foot tall and 290 pounds. Luckily for me, allot of my weight is still muscle.

I am one of those guys that everyone asks, "You played football didn't you?" My neck is almost non-existent and my chest is 54 inches. I've added some gut since high school but I still carry myself well. The problem I have is most women can't handle someone my size without fear. I'm not well hung or anything, it's just the physics of someone as wide as me. It just intimidates most women.

Now, let me describe my girl. Mary is 5' 9" and filled out in all the right places with nice, generous hips and full breasts. The kind of figure Renaissance artists loved to paint. Dark, curly hair; deep brown eyes and full lips complete the package. And she is not afraid of me. She likes my size and says it makes her feel protected.

As I contemplated my good fortune, she appeared in the bathroom doorway.

"Well, what do you think?" she asked after several moments of stunned silence. 

"I love it, beautiful," I told her as she posed.

The ‘it’ was a peach, silk nightie that reached about mid thigh. Her breasts filled the top and her nipples were poking the silk out. 

"Come here and get your prize," I growled through my suddenly tight throat.

Her eyes sparkled as she walked to me. 

I took her into my arms and sat her down next to me on the bed, looking into her doe-like eyes as I placed my hard calloused hand on her soft cheek. Softly leaning in I kiss those beautiful lips. 

Mary returned the kiss with a passion I had never felt in any other woman.

Her lips parted, begging me to explore with my tongue. Of course, I obliged plunging my tongue into her welcoming mouth. 

Our tongues danced. I pulled back a little, took her lower lip gently between my teeth gave it a nip. A low groan escaped her throat as I felt her nipples swell and harden against my chest. She started to put her hand down to my dick, but I stopped her.

"Not yet, my sweet.”  Mary pouts a little, but gets up and goes back to the bathroom. 

I decided to give her a little show, so while she changed, I took off my shirt to reveal a wide, hairy chest.

Soon she re-appeared. This nightie was blue and a little shorter. There was lace at the breast and I can see part of a pale, pink nipple.

I don't even try to speak, just held out my arms to her and brought her to me. I kept her standing as I started kissing her neck. 

Her soft moans were making me crazy. I moved down to her shoulder, lowering the strap on her nightie until her breast was exposed. 

So as not to play favorites, I lowered the other strap so that both breasts were exposed for my appreciation. Beginning my exploration of her beautiful tits, I kissed and licked her breast without touching the nipple. My hand was matching my lips and tongue with the other tit. After a couple of minutes, she whimpered and I reward her by getting to the nipples. I licked and sucked each nipple, back and forth, for several minutes until her knees buckled and she tried to touch me again.

"No, no. I want more. Please, just a little more.” Mary begged.

"No."

This time her pout was more pronounced and I feared I had gone too far as she went again into the bathroom.

I pulled off my shoes and socks and undid the snap and zipper on my jeans. What a relief! I thought my dick was going to break out by itself.

"Well," she said from the doorway.

"Whoa," I gasped.

This nightie was pink and barely covered the cheeks of her ass. Mary did a little twirl and I saw her pubic curls.

"Where are your panties," I asked.

"Who needs them?" she said with a challenge in her eye.

"Come here you," as I sat her down beside me.

I didn't waste time, and I pulled her straps down attacking her nipples with a vengeance. However, this time I moved my hand down between her soft thighs. 

My lady spread her legs invitingly and I gave her what she wanted. 

My hand felt the wet heat well before I got to her pussy. My fingers touched the damp curls and I started to explore the wet lips of her pussy. 

Her hips began to move in small circles as the pleasure spread through her. I sought out her clitoris and brushed my index finger across it. Her breath hissed between her teeth at the sudden jolt of pleasure through her pussy.

"OK," I said, "what's next?"

Her pleading look almost made me finish her off right there but this was for her as well as me. She slowly walked back into the bathroom with many a look back as if to say, "Please can I cum?"

I removed my jeans and sat back down in my underwear which has the look of a boy scout tent by now. I was not ready for what was next!

"How about now, smart-ass?" Mary teased.

I felt my jaw drop. There she was in a see-through black nightie. 

Her nipples and dark bush were visible through the thin mesh. She was stunning. I couldn't think because all the blood in my body had made a bee-line for my ever hardening cock. 

Mary walked over to me and I wrapped my arms around her waist inhaling her fragrance. Her perfume fills my nostrils but a musky, earthier smell is underneath it. I recognized the smell of her pussy as I looked up into her eyes.

"Lay down," I finally croaked out. 

She lay down on the bed and spread her legs apart, obviously expecting me to jump on her, but years of dealing with shy, fearful women had given me great stores of patience. Instead I lowered my head between her thighs.

She gasps, realizing what I am about to do. 

Looking into her glistening pussy I noticed the different colors of red and pink. Her juices started leaking out from between her puffy lips, running down the crack of her ass as I watched. 

I nipped the inside of her thigh as she gave a little squeal. Her aroma filled my head and I lost a little of my control, burying my face into her pussy, lapping her juices like a cat licks milk. 

Mary grabbed my hair in surprise as I regained a little of my control. 

I licked her beautiful pussy lips, savoring every delicious drop of juice, before spreading her petals apart and finding her clit. The first lick of her clit caused her hips to jerk. The second caused a delightful moan of pleasure. The third was in earnest.! Soon the movement of her hips became more sporadic and she gave a deeper moan. I knew she had one of her small orgasms. I back off. "Last one," I teased in a whisper. 

This time she doesn't pout but jumped up and ran into the bathroom.

I pulled off my underwear and lay back on the bed with my seven-inch dick waving in the air. I stared at the bathroom as the lights went out.

The door suddenly opened and my dick jerked in response. 

"Where did you get that!?" I gasped.

"That little store downtown," she giggled. She’s now in a white, lace teddy that lifted her tits. She parted her legs slightly and I could see her beautiful, sweet pussy.

"Oh my God!" 

It's crotchless and the effect on my dick was priceless. Without any direct stimulation pre-cum started coming out.

"Is that for me?" she asked coyly. "It must be as thick as my wrist."

Mary walked over to the bed, climbed on, and then straddled my hips. She lowered her dripping pussy onto the head of my dick.

Ooooohhhhhhh she was so tight. 

She kept slowly lowering until I was buried to the hilt. It felt like a satin glove grabbed my dick.

Slowly, she rotated her hips and the pressure was so intense I almost came right there.

"Hold on, baby," I panted, "You're going to beat me there. Try pulling your knees up until you are sitting in my lap."

She moved to comply and I almost came again. Soon her feet were behind my back as I leaned up on my elbows. This also changed the angle of my dick in her pussy. Now I was touching her G-spot with the head of my dick. 

When she felt this, her eyes rolled up and I knew I had her. 

I started thrusting just the tiniest bit and her eyelids fluttered with every thrust. Her breathing was getting sporadic again and her hips started that tiny rotation. Her eyes were still closed until I reached down with my left hand and stroked her clit with my index finger. Her eyes snapped open and she looked into mine.

"OOOOOOOHHHHHHHH!" Mary groans.

I continued stroking her clit and thrusting up into her G-spot until her eyes rolled up again and her pussy clamped down on my dick. 

"UUUUNNNNHHHHHH!" she grunted in orgasm.

I could no longer hold back. My dick jerked and my cum shot up into the back of her pussy.

After a few minutes we catch our breath. Mary leaned up onto her elbows asking coyly, “So which one did you like the best?"

With a devilish grin I answered, "I'm not sure, let's see them again."