 Author's Note - This is the third installment of the story my fiancé and I wrote together. I suggest you check out the first two (if you haven't yet) so it makes sense. Please, take the time to vote at the end, and I always appreciate feedback! Enjoy!

****

Jason reached behind Hannah and shut off the water. The stream dried into a trickle. The sound of their rasping breath echoed off the shower walls, and the steam that filled the bathroom slowly began to dissipate out into the rest of Hannah’s apartment.

“You handle pretty well in tight spaces,” Hannah said, looking up into Jason’s eyes.

“Lots of practice…but I think I prefer a drive with more of a view.”

Hannah arched one eyebrow up. “Really, what did you have in mind?”

Instead of replying, Jason took slipped his hand into hers and guided her out of the bathroom. The cooler air of the hallway made Hannah’s nipples stiffen and covered them both with goose bumps. Jason led Hannah into her living room. The room was sparsely furnished, with a couch facing a TV off to one side. The feature that had caught Jason’s eye earlier was the window.

Instead of an outer wall, the room had a series of full-length windows and a sliding-glass door, which led out to a small balcony. The city, lit up in all its glory, created a mysterious and beautiful backdrop.

“The building used to be an old corporate office,” Hannah explained. “That’s one of the reasons I chose here. I love the windows. I wonder if people ever catch a glimpse of me when I’m naked…if it turns then on as much as it does me.” She turned to Jason, standing without shame in only her bare skin. She ran one slim finger back between her legs. She held it up…and her excitement gleamed.

Jason stepped over to her. “Lets see how much they like this then.” He grabbed Hannah and spun her around, so her back was to him. Jason pressed hard against her…letting her enjoy the feeling of his erection pressing between the tight curves of her ass. She moaned and pressed back against him, pushing the length of him against the length of her. Jason slid his hands around her waist and pushed her towards the window. She covered the three steps and stopped, her breath fogging up the glass.

Jason still pressed up against her. Hannah had no choice left but to press herself against the glass…then the realization hit her, and excited her.

Hannah’s breasts made contact with the cold glass, sending chills up her spine. Jason still pressed against her, until her entire body was against the glass, revealing her to anyone who happened to look. 

“Quite a view.” Jason whispered in her ear.

“Quit talking and start fucking. I don’t care if anyone’s watching…just quit teasing me!”

Needing no added encouragement, Jason reached around and took his cock in his hand and bent his knees. He guided it until he found the wet heat of her opening. Looking up, he was able to see their reflection in the glass…and Hannah was looking right at him. Never breaking eye contact, Jason thrust both his hips and his legs upward.

A horse scream of pleasure escaped Hannah’s mouth as her back arched reflexively, pressing her breasts flat against the window. The coldness of the glass and warmth of Jason’s body at her back and the hardness deep within her softness sent confusing waves of sensory information to her brain, which sorted out one thing…pleasure. Jason held himself still within her, letting her savor the sensation of being almost impaled upon him. Hannah smiled, and flexed.

It was Jason’s turn to moan as her felt her vaginal muscles contract and ripple around him…almost as if she were drawing him deeper inside. Jason lowered himself almost until his cock slipped free of her…and then thrust again. He slid into her easily. She was so wet it was running down the inside of her leg and down his. This turned him on even more.

Hannah’s body rocked with the impact of Jason’s body thrusting into her from behind. Caught between the window and his body, she felt almost like a child’s toy being picked up and tossed….and the sight of them in the window…the sight of her in the window, her own body now sliding up and down the glass on the sweat her body had produced, feeling smooth sensation on her nipples, seeing Jason’s thighs flex as he drove into her was too much.

“GOD YES….HARDER…GIVE IT TO ME!..” The sound of her own voice startled her…as did the wanton lust. Jason answered by increasing the pace.

Again and again Jason pushed against her body…reveling in feeling her ass and back pressing so hard against him…the wet heat of her…the squishing sound that proclaimed their actions….he could feel himself about to cum again.

“Hannah…I’m…about…to..cum” he managed to moan, echoing his thoughts.

“Fucking…fill..me…up!” She gasped out. She too felt herself on the verge. Jason felt his balls tighten, about to explode…

The tightening in his body warned her. A second later Jason stiffened and cried out, “HANNAH” and exploded within her, his cum bathing her insides. Hannah felt his seed erupt deep with in her, and the feeling ripped her into her own orgasm, spasming around his hardness, milking his precious cum for all it was worth. Their cry of pleasure echoed through the apartment. And then silence.

“I’m going to have to get out here more often,” Jason said, slowly relaxing, his cock still buried in Hannah.

“Not to bad…” and stiffened and then laughed. “Look down.” Jason did so. There, on the street the window overlooked, stood a young teenage couple, gawking in awe at the passionate sexual act they had just witnessed. Jason smiled and gave them a thumbs-up before pulling Hannah away from the window. Her body left an outline in the glass.

“Maybe they learned a thing or two.” Jason smiled, covered in sweat.

“Ya, that I’m sexy as hell and you have a big cock.”

“Glad you noticed.”

“You’re welcome.” Jason laughed in response and then looked Hannah in the eye, wondering if he should play it safe and leave now, or push his luck, not to mention his stamina. Decisions, decisions…



*****

Hannah returned Jason’s searching look with an arched eyebrow, challenging him. A naughty smile played around the corners of her mouth as they faced each other.

“You hungry?” she asked. “Fucking’s hard work and I haven’t eaten since lunch,” she continued. Not waiting for his answer, she turned and walked to her bedroom, searching for her silk robe. Jason turned to look out the window, carefully weighing his options. If he left now, he’d run the risk of not being enough for her; she had already expressed her dissatisfaction with Devon. However, if he stayed, he ran the risk of not being able to repeat his performance and once again failing to meet her expectations. She definitely has a voracious appetite, he thought. Food, now, I’m hungry. There’s time enough to worry about staying or leaving afterwards. Having put off his decision for at least a little while, he turned his attention to what Hannah was doing in her bedroom. She reappeared swathed in an exquisite lilac robe that draped her curves nicely. Jason noticed her erect nipples, softly accented by the shiny material. Hannah noticed his scrutiny and smiled as his cock began to stiffen. “Looks like the both of you are hungry,” she commented. “How does Chinese sound?”

“Sounds good to me,” Jason replied, “I haven’t had that in awhile. Does that mean we have to go out?”

“Oh no, they’re right around the corner, they deliver. What do you want?” she asked as she reached for the phone.

“General Tsao’s chicken is my favorite, no veggies though.” He said as he sat on the couch.

Hannah raised her eyebrow at the stipulation, but made no comment as she quickly ordered. “They’re backed up tonight, so it looks like its going to be at least half an hour; can I do anything for you while we wait?” she asked impishly.

“As a matter of fact,” Jason said slowly as he saw his lust harden his cock, “I would like you to come over here and let me slide my hand along that deep V of your robe so I can feel your breasts, then I want you to let me slide that robe open so I can slip it off your body . . .”

As he was speaking, Hannah thought, this man has quite a rapacious appetite. Out loud she said, “If you can catch me, I’ll be your captive, but not until then.” She said taking off in the opposite direction of Jason.

The chase . . . wait till I get a hold of her he thought as he jumped off the couch in hot pursuit, his animal instincts and lust pounding through his veins. With a flying leap, he tackled Hannah and brought her down underneath him, face up, lying on her bed. Her eyes stared up at him, challenging him, exciting him.

“Now,” he said, “where were we? Oh yes, I’m going to remove this tie, and you’re going to be good” he explained in a slightly rough tone as he straddled Hannah’s thighs and removed the slender silk ribbon that kept her robe closed. The slippery material fell away from her body enough to reveal her smooth white skin, the luscious curve of her breasts, the flat plain that was her belly, her bare womanhood, and her lithe legs. Jason slid her arms out of the sleeves so that she was lying in a pool of lilac silk. I could fuck this woman all night, she has the body of a goddess. Why did I even doubt myself he thought as he carefully tied her hands together above her head–tight enough to prevent her escape, but loose enough so that it didn’t hurt. As he sat back to survey his work, he could barely contain his lust–this beautiful woman was lying here, waiting for him to do to her as he would; a shiver of excitement ran down his spine and through his body.

Hannah watched him as he fought to maintain control, then gasped in surprise as he began to kiss her neck, arousing every nerve, sending tingles of pleasure through her body. His hungry lips, wandered south, showering the dip of her collarbone, the sensitive area between her breasts with hungry kisses. A small moan of delight escaped Hannah’s mouth as his tongue flicked her erect nipples. Encouraged, he took her breast into his mouth and gently sucked, causing lines of pleasure to streak directly to her pussy, moistening it, readying it. Jason’s hands stroked her hair, her face, her breasts, as his kisses continued their travel south, gently tracing with his tongue the undersides of her breasts. He kissed one side of her flat stomach and then moved to the other. 

Hannah’s moans of pleasure were becoming more frequent and increasing in volume, as his warm mouth strayed even lower, till his tongue gave a few teasing flicks to Hannah’s clit; he could feel the heat emanating from her pussy as he slid his tongue up her torso, sliding his body along hers, allowing her to feel the hard muscles in is legs and abs, allowing her to feel the hardness of his cock, aching to be inside her. 

Jason kissed her slowly, sensuously, and stopped, whispering in her ear “This is your punishment for running away.” His mouth once again, found her breast and reveled in the feeling of her erect nipple against his tongue, licking and sucking, knowing how much pleasure this gave Hannah, but being careful not to give too much, enjoying being the giver of this exquisite torture. 

Hannah’s body was writhing now, aching to be brought to climax, her hands twisted unsuccessfully as she tried to get them loose. As Jason gently sucked on her clit, a scream escaped her; tension and pleasure now fighting within her, screaming with frustration when he let her go and began to kiss her thighs. Unable to stand it any longer, Hannah yelled, “Fuck me, Jason! Fuck me now, damnit, before I die! Put your big cock in my pussy and ram it home. Fuck me!!!”

Jason surprised at her vehemence and the wildness in her eyes, raised himself over her. Looking into her eyes, he took his cock in his hand and found her waiting pussy. But he didn’t enter her yet. He waited, watching her, until a feral scream erupted from her mouth. Her legs wrapped around his waist as she tried to pull him into her. He willingly obliged her and thrust deeply grunting with the pleasure that enfolded him. A moan of pleasure and desire filled the room. 

“Oh god yes, Jason, yes!” Hannah yelled as she began to move her hips, encouraging him to increase the pace, the intensity.

Jason could tell she was close, her whole body was quivering; he could feel her vaginal muscles fluttering, rippling around him as he thrust deeply into her again and again. He realized he was pumping faster, and Hannah’s screams were louder, he could hear himself grunting with effort and lust. He knew he was close to exploding within her for the third time this night, when suddenly, he felt her whole body tighten, her muscles rippling around his cock, a loud 

“Oh JASON!!” Filled the room. That put him over the edge as he felt white-hot pleasure coursing through his veins, exploding within Hannah, spraying his seed inside of her. A yell of release echoed off the walls as his body convulsed, once, twice, then he lay still, his head cradled between Hannah’s breasts.

“Jason?” Hannah whispered. “That was the best damn orgasm I have ever had. Wow.” There was no response. He was too relaxed, resting on the hard body of this wild woman.

Ding-dong. The doorbell rang . . .

To be continued...