 Ellie got off, but Lola didn't. Trent got off, but Ted didn't. Valerie got off, but she always did. Ellie was so entranced with clinging to the mattress imagining her last night at the resort. It was a great stress reliever, all her worries were washed away. First by herself when she plunged too hard into herself. The second when the male nurse, Pete plunged into her ass, her first time at that. And then she was doubly penetrated by him and Dr. Grant, both who were well endowed.

The fourth was watching her balcony neighbor screw two men and vice versa letting two men scew her. But the fifth had to be meeting Trent, only a few days ago a man with nice physique knocked on her door as an early wake up call. His erect cock jilting in front of her eyes as he brought her breakfast, and they watched Ted screw yet another beautiful guest at the resort.

Trent was nice, handsome, and promised to be faithful. But this was just the beginning of what could be either a good or bad. Many thoughts filled Ellie's mind as she laid in bed looking at the ceiling light. It was almost six and she was sure Trent would come and wake her.

Once she left the resort the real world would hit her, would she be the same after leaving? Would she with Trent? Who knew exactly? Certainly not Ellie. Trent lived in town, if he were to enter a relationship with her would he quit his job here at the resort? If he were with her in that way she'd want him too. His pecker would be her personal property, not to just to use, but to look at and feel.

Ellie was staring into space wanting to know what the future was, but no blue fairy was going to fly down and tell her to try the relationship. No little red devil on her shoulder telling her just keep it as casual, use him for sex and sex only while the angel said risk it. Risk your heart and bare feelings, after all it was a beginning, you're nowhere near the ending, not even in the middle yet.

The sound of knuckles on her door brought her back into the room. Ellie pulled herself off of the bed, she'd already showered and brushed her teeth thirty minutes prior to laying on the bed. She pulled the door handle and there was Trent, but for a first he wasn't naked.

He wore a black shirt, red tie, black slacks and dress shoes. He held a bouquet in his hands, lilies, her favorite. He smiled as he always did, that slow yet tempting smile. He handed the bouquet over.

"Now don't tell me this is how you send off all guests." Ellie smirked eying his pants.

"No, but since it's your last day here, I thought I've give you something to show how serious I am."

"Flowers."

Trent smiled again "Flowers can be serious." Ellie looked at the long tray behind him.

"Oh!" Trent pulled the cart into the room, today's breakfast was a heart shaped pancake with strawberries, French toast, bacon (crispy as it should be Ellie thought), and a flute of champagne.

"This is how we send guests off. But I cut them into hearts myself." Ellie playfully elbowed him.

"Thank you."

Trent kissed her forehead "Thank me once tonight is over."

"Oh and what happens tonight? Besides the usual." Ellie smirked.

"Patience is a virtue." Trent said kissed the nape of her neck.

"And lust is a sin." Ellie countered. Trent paused to look at her.

"Everyone sins a little here and a little there. Besides as much as I would love to sin a little right now, I have run the fitness program in the gym."

"Nude program?"

"Nope, it's mostly men, I get a few women at times. I don't teach the class today, Valerie does."

"Valerie?" Ellie wondered if Valerie was a friend or perhaps a little more than a friend. Envy is also a sin she reminded herself.

"She works sometimes at the front desk, but she's the second yoga instructor here. We have certain days and shifts."

"So she must know Ted." Ellie couldn't help, but make the small poke at Trent's brother. 

"Everyone knows Ted." Trent admitted "A little too much."

"Everyone, but Lola."

"That's some weird thing he has about her." Trent shrugged as if it meant nothing "But anyway, enjoy your meal. I'll see you at seven." He kissed her quickly before darting out into the hall. As her last day there, Ellie wanted a day to do nothing, but watch. Watch the clouds rise, watch her neighbor's head fall as she took a dick to the throat and then one in the ass.

The telescope was always the greatest tool that was invented. Always Ellie decided this immediately after her neighbor got another hole filled, three. All either staff or guests who were unrecognizable to Ellie. As she worked her mouth down one slope, another plunged into her ass and pussy. No tugs of war, triple penetrations, all at the same time picking up a rhythm.

The cum flew of course, mostly inside her. But it was a beautiful sight to see early in the morning, the three guys left her neighbor on the floor of her terrace, leaking from all holes, the cum overflowed like a gooey river shining bright as the sun shone down.

Of course Ellie had to see Lola before she left, they had hit it off so well the other day. Their conversations went from work, to horrible exes, coffee essentials, and then dicks, penises, cocks, balls, testicles, vaginas, clitoris, the depth of a vagina, the pounding against one's cervix. It became a long rant on how Lola was pissed off at Ted.

So as revenge she sent a video to his phone, and she was not alone in the video. As Ellie heard it, Lola invited two guys to her room the very same night she had stormed off, she blew both of them and got them to record her. Not only did she swallow their cum, but after she got them all nice and hard she leaned across her bed and told them to both fuck her pussy at the same time.

She was strong, one cock joined the other syncing together as they pressed against Lola's pussy. Lola moaned telling them to fuck her hard, to make her feel like she was being torn in half as her pussy stretched. The entire video lasted about forty minutes before all three parties came and she licked their sticky cum covered cocks once more eying the camera, and then winking at the end.

Poor Ted must have been hard by now looking for a way to release, he was off today, and now Ellie was sure he was rampaging down the halls to fine any fuckable hole that there was, even if it was a hole in the door.

After her lunch with Lola, Ellie walked down to view the lobby. Some dicks out, some breasts, but no complete nudity. Zack who was now on the clock was a bit shorter than Ted, what a shame, not all were built alike. And even as he slammed some girls head down on his cock, it felt off. 

Ellie was used to seeing Ted, smiling similar to how Trent would, pounding some woman while taking calls and checking guests in simultaneously. She would miss the smiling faces, the constant pounding of guests and staff members, the fun yet colorful art classes, the yoga class that made you want to break in half and cum. The lovely spa where finger massages were given daily.

Ellie wandered around watching a pool boy and a guest screw by the pool, everyone watching, but it was growing dull for her now. She could no longer enjoy his cock inside the woman's tight swatch, because soon she'd say goodbye.

She made her way back to her hotel room and waited for Trent. Once he arrived she thought oh, the same ole dinner and sex night. Trent walked her down into the dining area, tonight there was barely anyone there, most of the guests had week day jobs.

And the weekend was surely up now. Trent pulled out her chair as usual and he sat, they ordered their food and ate chatting about their lives. It was nice knowing him a bit more, but she wanted to stay. But she needed to go back to her job, her life's work, the job she dreamed of since she was younger.

Once dessert was served the waiter told Ellie to wait, something else would be brought out.

"What's taking so long?" Ellie wondered. Trent shrugged. Soon enough a man came out holding a violin.

"What-

"As a personal gift from Mr. Carson." That was Trent's last name, the man spoke "I am here to serenade a wonderful lady who has seemed to have caught his eye. A Miss Ellie Stevens."

Ellie turned to Trent who was grinning from ear to ear. Ellie then turned back to the man who started to run his bow across the violin strings. High pitches struck out, harmonizing throughout the air as Ellie ate her dessert. It was a nice surprise, especially since Ellie had told Trent on their first date that she enjoyed hearing violin music.

After the song ended, the man bowed and disappeared into the hallway.

"You didn't have to do that. But I'm glad that you did." Ellie smiled.

"Well, I hope you don't think you're leaving here without getting my number." Trent said sliding over a napkin too her.

Ellie laughed "Smooth." But she took it and folded it placing it inside her purse. Of course the night was not over as Trent tossed her on the bed softly hearing the covers gasp as Ellie fell on them.

"Kiss me." Ellie demanded. Trent leaned over her on the bed and did so, her tongue touching his, twisting and turning, Trent started to undo his shirt. Ellie was already undoing his pants. Once he was completely bare, he helped her out of her dress, and whatever else laid beneath.

Trent ravaged her lips as he pressed against her, feeling her nipples rock against his pecs, the delicate skin touching his, made him feel power surging through another part of his body. It didn't take him long to start pushing his head into her cunt. He was still the same size, and her vagina still felt as tight as the first time they had sex together.

He kissed her neck and trailed down to her shoulder as he started thrusting into her.

"Ahh." Ellie gasped, the feel of him made her want more. She wrapped her legs around his waist wanting him inside deeper. Trent thrusts became more rapid traveling deeper punching his head against her cervix.

"Ohh." Ellie breathed in air as he pounded her. She knew he was about to cum from the look in his eyes, he had already pumped her so many times, roughly, to where he was out of breath. He never gave in though, he kept pushing against her cervix feeling her walls tighten around his member, the throbs gave her chills of pleasure.

The cum came almost immediately, both of them groaned waiting for the floods to calm. Trent pulled out breathing heavily, watching as his cum dripped out of her onto her pussy lips.

"I want you here too." Ellie bent over and placed her fingers over her ass stretching it wider. Trent stuck his finger into the cavity. Ellie paused, the air was getting a bit thin.

Trent wanted to feel how tight she was there, so once he released his finger she spread her cheeks further apart so he could get a better aim. The head of his cock was slowly pushing in. The walls of her ass had to be at least three or four times tighter than that of her vagina.

Once the head made it's way in. Ellie breathed. Trent began his descent, feeling her shudder as he leapt further down the hole. His cock finally reached the end. Trent then sat Ellie up on his lap, rubbing her nipples as he began thrusting into her.

"Ah! Yes..." She groaned, wanting him to fuck her ass harder, feeling him all the way in she bucked her hips against him trying to match him when he pumped her.

"Trent..." She moaned feeling him pull her nipples made her feel as if her entire body was enflamed by him. The more he touched the more she groaned for him to keep going. The momentum, never letting it stop.

It was almost three in the morning by then when Trent came inside her ass, four when she came when he was inside her pussy again. Both of her holes were leaking his fluids, the warmth, the thickness of it all, left her in heavenly state of mind as she laid next to him exhausted. 

He kissed her forehead once before they wandered off into dream land. 

At six Trent's phone rang. He got up rubbing his head, Ellie slowly opened her eyes praying that it wasn't a dream. Her eyes met Trent's. And they both smiled.

"I should get a shower in before I walk you to the lobby." Trent said, Ellie's departure was scheduled for seven. Ellie of course followed him in, giving him her departing gift, she took his long steam as warm rain fell on their heads, taking his girth into her mouth, down her throat, she felt the cock hit inside, and she was okay with that.

She worked her mouth licking the tip before cramming her mouth down onto him once more. When he came, she swallowed, licking the remainder off his member that stood proud, happy to be cleaned by such a loving tongue.

They both got dressed, Ellie in a fresh sundress and sandals, Trent in the clothes that were spares for guests who needed them, a black tank, and shorts. He folded his clothes up as Ellie packed her things. She took the key from 286 and looked across the hall to her neighbor, both Trent and Ellie waited to see who would emerge.

Trent admitted that even he didn't know what went on in 285, just moans, and groaned, and thuds. The door was finally turning, and now her weekend vacay would be complete, who was on the other end of the mysterious 285?

The first thing Ellie saw was a silver name tag with the name Anna in black print. Anna stood there smiling as usual, her skirt was a bit higher than usual, her hair wasn't bouncy, but now it seem to fly a bit higher.

"Good morning, Trent, Miss Stevens. Did you enjoy your stay?" Anna asked.

"Um yes, were you just...I mean is this your suite?" Ellie asked.

Anna shook her head "No, but it is a friend of mine's. She invites guests and staff alike to private gatherings."

That had to be the code word for orgy.

"Well I am glad that you have enjoyed your stay, do you have transport?" Anna asked.

"Yes."

"Wonderful, wonderful." Anna turned to Trent "Mr. Carson, later on I'd like a word with you about Ted, and a certain guest."

"Um sure, which guest?" Trent gazed at her face.

Anna bit her thumb "Oh, Lola. I'll see you around." She then started to walk away, on the back of her black skirt was a large glob of whiteness. Anna and Trent held their laugher until she made it down the hall.

Then they descended into the lobby where Ted sat erect, for the world to see while holding his iPhone in a trance.

"Bye Ted." Ellie waved. Ted raised a hand, robotically waving it from right to left. At the entrance of the resort Trent gave Ellie a kiss. Not the type that was quick, but the long slow, romantic starting kind of kiss, that left both parties staring at one another in silence.

"When can I see you again?" Trent asked.

"Anytime this week would be great, after ten maybe. But on the weekends I'm free."

"Same for me."

Ellie placed a hand on her hip "Well then I might just come up here to see when you check out for the day. I do have your number."

"And I hope to god that you use it." Trent smiled as a taxi pulled up in front of them, the cab driver held a sign that said Stevens.

"I will." Ellie gave him a kiss before hauling her stuff off and sliding into the back seat.

Ellie sighed waving at Trent who smiled, even as the cab was leaving she could see those bright teeth from distance to distance, and soon he faded out altogether.

Two years had passed and the resort was doing well. Ellie and Trent finally got married after about one hundred and something dates, and were now residing in the town next to where Felt was. They were also expecting new people in their lives, according the doctor twins, Ellie was about five months now, and Trent doted on her every step of the way of their lives together and was still doting even now.

Lola sighed thinking of how perfect they were together, how happy they were. But marriage wasn't for her. Lola had been Ellie's bridesmaid during the wedding and Ted was Trent's best man. No matter how hard Lola tried, Ted refused to bed her, even though he kept watching the videos she sent him, the constant torture eating him alive. That was a pleasant thought in Lola's mind as her driver pulled up to The Felt Resort and Spa.

He opened the door for her, helping her step out, a bellman got her many bags of clothes, most of which she didn't need, but she liked the variety to choose from. She had booked for at least two weeks, but this time she was on a mission. She would get Ted, in her mouth, up her ass, it didn't matter, she was going to make him cum and in return he would definitely make her cum.

Trent may have been a winner with eleven inches, but Ted's ten suited Lola just fine. Her ensemble was a black bra, a bustier, with no straps. Lola's breasts were D's, double d's, no surgery, no treatments, just genetics and hell of a lot of good luck. So her nipples darted through the top and her breasts looked at if they would just pop out and great everyone who passed her by.

She wore denim shorts, no panties, and long black boots as she strode right up to the front desk. There he was, Ted Carson, he'd be her most prized fuck if she could get him to be willing.

"Lola. Back again." Ted groaned "Sorry, a mouth is pulling on my balls." He smiled.

"Teddy, you have my room key?" Ted typed a bit on the keyboard and then opened a specified drawer pulling out the key to room 286, it had worked for Ellie and Trent, so it just had to work for her.

"You're killing me with the videos Lo." Ted told her.

"Yes well, until you make me cum, they'll just keep piling higher, they'll keep coming harder and faster than ever." She gave a evil smile as Ted groaned.

"You're the devil."

"With the face of an angel." Lola smirked "Oh, Miss." She leaned over the desk, so close that Ted's breath was on her chest. The woman underneath stared up at Lola.

"Why don't you come with me, I have three friends who would love you to join our party. One large one, I think you'll find hard to handle." Lola gave a large Chesire smile and like that the woman was up out from under the desk.

Lola handed the key to her. "Why don't you meet me up there." Lola kissed her neck before slapping her ass, she took off fast, much like the roadrunner.

"How could you?" Ted glared "I was about to get off."

"I know, life's a bitch isn't it?" Lola smiled walking away.

"No, but I know someone here who is." Ted murmured. Lola waited for the elevator and since no one was coming Ted walked over to her, penis still throbbing wanting release.

"What do you want?" Lola asked.

"Can't I just join you gu-

Lola pressed a finger against the opening of his cock causing Ted to jump a little, Lola had nails, sharp ones that could cut someone's throat open.

"Nuh-nuh-nope. You can't screw me, so anytime I see you ready to rise, I'm going to push you hard enough until you fall." She twisted her finger harder against her member.

"Don't do this. Please." Ted begged "I need it."

Lola laughed "Oh sweetie, don't we all?" The elevator finally opened, Lola got in before turning to say "Don't worry, I'll send you a video."

"Please don't-

Lola wagged her finger "Sweetheart don't forget. The motto. Here at the Felt Resort and Spa, all guests in any form or way are allowed to Cum As They Are."