 Lola loved teasing Ted. Ever since they entered high school, she never missed trying catch his attention. Of course things were different now and Lola only wanted Ted for one thing, but he didn't feel the same. Lola was showering while the other four party goers were passed out either on the floor, the bed, or a chair.

Lola was still feeling the cum in between her legs. Pete, the nurse let her ride him for awhile before her friends Riley and Joan started pulling on the strap-ons. Pete had her against the bed slide in and out of her dripping cunt when both Joan and Riley either joined Pete inside her first hole or entered her ass constantly switching.

Fun, it was, more like a quick jump off for her.

Pete groaned rolling off the bed, the vodka shots weren't a good idea going back to back to back. Was it still morning? Or a new morning. He checked to see what he had on him, his shorts were on, but his watch...Pete gazed over the three nude passed out bodies, two whom he walked over. The watch had fallen into an empty shot glass sitting on the night stand.

Pete groaned picking it up, his head was pounding, as he checked the time. Six, god he was late running to the clinic. Just as he gathered his clothes there was a knock at the door. Pete went to open it. Ted stood in his uniform staring at Pete as if he entered the jaws of hell itself.

"Why are you here?" Ted asked a bit bitterly.

"Unlike you I was invited, I have to open the clinic." Pete didn't like Ted and it wasn't because of how many women he entered daily, but because when it came to Lola he was territorial. He didn't want her in a sexual nature, and she just wanted to screw who she wanted, when she wanted, woman or man. Sometimes multiple men and women all at once.

It was only a fun experience for her, at least that's how Pete saw it. And then there was the fact that he had a small crush on Lola. A curvy woman, with bluish-green eyes, and dew-like lips, large breasts, flat toned stomach, and tight everything else. He also liked the fact that she spoke her mind and did as she pleased.

They stood there staring(glaring) at one another, before Lola's voice could be heard from the bathroom.

"Damn, Pete you had me pissing cum just a moment ago." She was drying her hair entering the room when she smiled at Ted, she wasn't dressed yet, so she stood there completely naked looking between the two men.

"Yeah, I'm late. I'll see you later. Today maybe." Pete winked at her before running down the hall.

"So, are you here for a reason?"

"Anna." Ted spoke grumbling "She said you needed fresh towels. I'm about to switch to wake up calls today."

"Towels?" Lola waited. Ted pulled a cart into the room with warm towels, she draped one on Riley, one on Joan, and the woman from under the desk (Kate).

"Oh and do you by chance have breakfast?"

"Did you order breakfast?" Ted asked.

"I've been a guest here for several years. I'm sure the staff knows what I like by now." Lola rubbed her fingers against Riley's clit as she laid passed out in the chair.

"Stop..." She groaned.

"But then again I guess I can just eat last night's dessert for breakfast." Lola smiled up at Ted who gulped, feeling himself harden underneath his clothing. Lola pushed a manicured finger inside Riley's pussy, she groaned trying to squirm away. But Lola kept playing with her.

"I'm also scheduling a tightening. They fucked me loose. See?" Lola bent over on the floor stretching her pussy lips giving Ted a free pass to look.

"I-I can put that in for you." Ted coughed.

"Oh that's sweet of you. I'd like it after breakfast maybe around nine or ten." Lola began to prod Riley again.

"Don't..." Riley groaned as Lola pushed her finger in deeper.

"Doable." Ted nodded watching her thin finger penetrate her friend's cunt repeatedly, her juices were dripping onto the chair the further Lola's finger went.

"I'm gonna pee if you keep it up." Riley yawned crossing her legs tight after removing Lola's finger.

"Bathroom's free." Lola informed her. Riley picked up pieces of her clothing before entering the bathroom shutting the door behind her. Lola licked her finger.

"You know Ted, I'd like to book another room as well."

"For?"

"Fun, duh. It has to be a red star room. I can pay. I always can." Lola smiled brightly at him "I'm going to host a private party with me and maybe a few members of the staff. How is Anna?"

Ted blinked "Don't try to mess with me Lola. I'll have someone bring you and your friends breakfast, I'll schedule the tightening, I'll book you the room. But do not try and mess with me."

"I've tried in the past, why stop now? And anyway I was asking about Anna, not you." Lola rolled her eyes, she enjoyed both male and female attention, sometimes the female more than the male "How does she taste?"

"I didn't eat her out."

"Well does she give good head?" Ted narrowed his eyes and sighed.

"Yes, she does. Is that all?"

"One more thing." Lola picked up her phone and pressed a few buttons. Ted felt his phone vibrate in his pocket "New video, you can go now." Lola went to her closet and looked over outfit choices. Ted left annoyed.

Purposely getting him riled was unfair. Ted didn't love Lola as a sister even though they grew up close. Lola was always a go getter and sooner or later she'd ensnare him in a trap. Ted did love Lola like a friend and once upon a time he thought it'd be awkward feelings between them if they did go there with their relationship.

Now as he made his way down to the first floor all he felt were conflicted feelings about the entire situation. If they did sleep together, what if one of them got caught up in the moment, what if he did? He didn't like the thought looming over them if he did.

He was very attracted to her, very interested in touching her, wanting to rub his hands over her smooth body. If he did catch feelings for her and she went to fuck other guys including Pete that would definitely get to him. Vice versa it would be the same for her.

They were animals of habit, good warm watery fun in the morning, noon, and night. When morning came again they came again repeating their cycles. One or two people, three and more. 

Ted felt his erection die down at the thoughts running through his mind. He typed furiously on a key pad not even eying the cute girl that passed him by, she had winked at him, but he didn't look up until he was done scheduling Lola's appointment, booking her room, and he'd stop by the kitchen a give them Lola's usual order.

While Ted was lurking at the front desk Lola was taking a nap. It was fun teasing him, but from the beating Pete's meat gave her as well as Riley and Joan's deep pumps inside her, she was extremely exhausted. Joan had gotten up and joined Riley and Kate in the shower.

Lola snuggled into bed pulling the thick fluffy covers over her nude body. She closed her eyes a bit, hearing moaning. It would only be a few minutes until breakfast arrived. It arrived thirty minutes later, hot served by a new server. He was adorable, Lola thought when she heard the cart wheels squealing on the floor into the room.

Freckles, soft almond eyes, red cupid curls all over his head. "Miss Lola, Ted left this for you." 

The server handed her a note, 2pm, spa, sauna #3. Lola grinned curious at the intentions of the note and tucked it away as she and her three friends dug into a hearty meal of eggs, sunny side up, bacon, croissants, Belgium waffles with a lot of clotted cream.

By the time two rolled around Lola was back in her room resting from her tightening. She felt less sore then she had after she just got out. Her room was now empty and she one last stop of the day. 

The spa had two clerks, Mindy and Martin, no relation whatsoever, they also didn't screw one another, they only smiled, creepily. Like the edges of their mouths were ripping at the seams. Even Anna didn't look that demented.

Lola gave a quick wave at Mindy before pushing the glass doors open. The sauna was free for anyone to go in. The first was the largest, the second the most cum-filled, the third was smaller, more intimate which made Lola sweat through her towel.

Walking past the first two she peered inside the glass to see if anyone else was inside. Only Ted, his lower half wrapped in a towel as he sweated. Lola pushed the door open and sat down across from him, maybe about six feet away from him. 

Lola stared at him for an explanation, Ted was quiet at first letting the steam cleanse him as speaking would be frightening.

"I think, maybe I was overdramatic." Ted stated.

"About what?" Lola groaned, couldn't he ever just get to the point and then stick her with it?

"I got it into my mind if we did have sex one of us might get caught up in...you know feelings. I just don't want to piss you off."

"Or have me piss you off by taking Pete's cock up my ass?" Lola asked.

"Anyone, but Pete. Pete's a dick."

"It's very thick last I felt." Lola smiled "My body, my rules. I like Pete, he knows how to stroke it right and left."

Ted put his hands up in the air "You're right. You can screw anyone you want."

"Is that all?"

Ted sighed "It's hard for me not to think about it. Haven't you?"

"Maybe when we were younger. But you know me, I like to have fun with whoever."

"So it wouldn't bother you if I let you fuck me and then I catch feelings for you, and then you turn around to fuck Pete, I get mad and I beat the living hell out of him? Is that okay?"

Lola sighed moving her shoulders, this was making her tense again, more so than the tightening "Why do you hate Pete?"

"Because maybe he has feelings for you. And if I fucked you then he'd try to fuck me up." Ted shrugged "Just a theory."

Lola sighed unwrapping her towel and dropping it to the floor, her entire body radiant with sweat dripping down her round pink nipples, down onto her toned stomach, and off her throbbing clit. She looked juicy, Ted followed her lead and took off his towel. Of course his penis was fully erect. Ted was always ready.

"So what is it that you want me to say?" Lola asked.

"I want you to know that I want you too. I don't care if it's a woman or another man. Pete, I can't if you're still fucking him."

"Pete is sweet-

"Pete loves tight asses that's all, he fucks everyone-

"So do you! You're not telling me anything new!" Lola shouted.

"I can't say anything else. I don't like Pete."

"Yeah, but why?"

"Maybe, because I like you. A little." Ted ran his fingers through his hair, it felt sticky in the hot pressure of the sauna.

"Okay, so you can't sleep with me, because you like me and you hate Pete."

"I can't sleep with you, because I don't want to catch feelings for you, I hate Pete, and if he and I kept running into each other like this morning I'd deck him."

"So we are back tracking to high school." Lola frowned "Why can't you just let it slide?"

"Because I'm human, and my dick may throb constantly when I'm around you, but so does my heart. I don't want to hurt me or hurt you."

"We can have sex and still be friends."

"I know, but then there's Pete." Ted sighed, this conversation was going in circles.

Lola bit her thumb "I invited Pete to my private party tonight."

Ted held his hands up "If you want to screw him, screw him. I just don't...Nevermind. I'll see you around." Ted got up and left, he nearly slipped down the hall angrily. Lola sighed, getting a dick shouldn't be this hard.

It was around nine and staff members were going upstairs to Lola's private party. Lola who wore nothing but a bra and thong pranced through the lobby. She wanted to check on Ted, he was still her friend after all. As usual a guest was sitting in his lap getting his full staff.

"Hey." Lola waved.

Ted waved back "Hey." The woman he was thrusting up inside was groaning a slow "Hey".

"I guess I'll see you tomorrow." Lola didn't smile as she left Ted, he only turned once to see her ascend the staircase. Even though he was on the verge of cumming, he felt a twinge of anger towards Lola, but not as much as for Pete.

When Lola got up to the suite she could smell the body fluids flowing into the air. Anna was getting her cunt lapped in by Valerie who was being pumped through her pussy by Zack.

Mindy was fingering herself watching the threesome work one another. Pete sat in the corner waiting for Lola. His eyes lit up at the sight of her.

"Yummy, Valerie?" Lola asked, Valerie gave a thumbs up as her tongue darted in and out of Anna's cum drizzling vagina.

Lola waved at Mindy who waved back. Lola found her way over to Pete who kissed her. Even if Pete liked her Lola only wanted one part of him, and soon it was out of his pants hardening in Lola's delicate little fingers. She let him undress her and bend her over onto the wall raising her ass higher towards him.

Pete rubbed his head against her ass. Ted was never wrong about that, Pete did enjoy a tight ass sucking on his member. Lola didn't mind, she loved his cock wherever he wanted inside her, she just wanted the entire thing.

"Mmm." Lola groaned, her hands were placed on the wall as Pete wiggled his head into her ass "Don't go easy on me." She smiled at Pete who then shoved his entire cock up her ass hitting her tight wall.

"Ahh!" God, he was thick, her ass had to be tearing from that. She felt it throb, but despite the pain, she wanted more.

"You feel wonderful as usual." Pete said rubbing his hands over her succulent breasts.

"Same." Lola waited for him to continue. Pete took his times rubbing his fingers against her nipples, squeezing them roughly watching Lola gasp as he pulled them out while rolling them between his fingers. She was wet, she could feel herself dampen from the pleasure and then a hit up her ass again.

"Ah!" Lola smiled, he thrust again, rougher, harder. She liked him brutally tearing her ass apart, he kept going, speeding up, feeling her skin cling to his dick. She wanted cum in her ass, if she felt such warmth in her rosebud then she would cum. She knew she would.

"Ohh yeah." Lola groaned as Pete placed her on the floor to penetrate her deeper, he felt his cock slam at her end, over and over, feeling her ass stretch out with each pump. Pete filled her over and over, wanting her to fall weak to her knees with lust for him.

"I'm cumming." Pete groaned plunging into her depths once more. Lola grinned as a warm wave started to pour into her ass, once he pulled out she felt it squirt out causing her to cum.

"Lets keep the party going." Pete bent down and started to lick her pussy lips.

"Mmmm, I don't care about the party, just keep doing what you're doing." Lola grinned.

In the morning everyone was sore, hungover, and covered in(or filled with) cum.

Anna sat up checking the time "Five." She yawned picking up her panties "Come on Valerie, you work the night shift today in the lobby and the yoga class in two hours." Lola yawned hearing this.

And yet she felt herself watering between her legs, there was a knot in the back of her ass cheeks. Turning her head she saw that she and Pete fell asleep still connected, he was still lodged in her ass sleeping soundly. Lola slowly pulled off his cock and let her juices fall over Pete's face. That was his wake up call.

Pete licked his smeared lips opening his eyes "That's a great view." He smiled "What time is it?"

"Five. Anna and Valerie are leaving. Mindy's passed out, so is Zack. I'm going to my room."

Pete found his pants and slid them on as Anna and Valerie left together.

"Any parties tonight?" Pete asked. Lola rubbed her eyes.

"Everywhere I go, I am the party sweetheart. But no. Back to back literally is tiresome. I might spend today in my suite or the spa whichever place I can cum quicker in the better." Lola patted his chest before leaving, she didn't pick up her underwear or bra, they were replaceable(that and they were drenched in cum, there was no amount of washing that could get all those stains out).

Lola felt sticky, she remembered eating Anna out later that night, letting Valerie eat her out, and fingering Mindy while Pete fucked her up the ass. Then she remembered riding Pete's cock which stayed firm in her ass as Zack took her sweet mouth. It was a fun night she thought back walking to her room. Outside was Ted who stared her down.

"Feel better?"

Lola rolled her eyes, this was no High School Musical, she didn't feel like fighting and then singing a verse about how they were all in this together. She used her key and went inside her room, Ted followed her. He waited for her to brush her teeth and shower. Patiently, no peeking at all. She came out in a white bra and panty set.

"And this is where we are."

"If you don't like it then leave." Lola crossed her arms "I like his dick, Ted, and his dick alone, it gets certain jobs done, and I love it inside me. So what the fuck is your problem?!"

"My problem is you, wanting me to fuck you, wanting me to constantly touch you. And now that I'm willing, you screw me."

"Correction, I screwed Pete. And you hate it, because you think I'll fall for Pete. You're jealous, just admit it and we can move past it."

Ted looked to the ground and started to get up.

"That's right walk way like a pussy!" Lola shouted.

"Whatever Lola, I just came here to check on you. That's all, as your friend. But if you feel that way then fine." He started to exit the room, before he stormed off he turned to her and said.

"I'm glad you remember the fucking motto! The Felt Resort and Spa where you fuck Pete the male nurse just to CUM AS YOU ARE!"