 Ellie woke up smiling. She didn't need a wake up call the next morning, her night with Trent had her head spinning. Were all Yoga instructors that limber, bending and pulling in the most odd positions. There was a knock at the door and she sprung up happily to answer it. Trent stood there smiling widely, nude, rolling in a cart.

He shut the door behind him "Now I thought I was supposed to wake you up."

Ellie blushed, he had such a gorgeous smile "Well I had something on my mind that kept me up."

Trent pulled the cover off the tray. It was the same breakfast as before, not that it bothered Ellie, if she wanted something different she could always sent the cart back.

"Should I turn on the television?" Trent asked.

"Sure, I need to take a shower right quick, but you can turn the volume up." Ellie nibbled a piece of bacon before entering the bathroom. She stripped out of her bra, because there was no point and putting panties back on after the feeling Trent left within her. 

She turned on the faucet and tested the water before getting in. The warm water washed away the remnants of the night before. It felt good against her skin. Before Ellie could reach for a bar of soap she felt something hot brush up against her hand.

The shower door was sliding when Trent slipped in. "I couldn't resist." He kissed her neck.

Ellie shuddered from those soft lifts grazing her body "Is there a policy about guests sleeping with the staff?"

"No..Besides I'm not only interested in sleeping with you, Ellie." The sound of her name reverberating against the shower walls made her grin.

"Really?" Ellie turned around rubbing her breasts as the hot water pelted them mercilessly. "What about me interests you?" She rubbed her hands in slow circles over her nipples which were perking out to greet him.

Trent rubbed her nipples with his hands "Well the fact that you own your own boutique. You work for yourself and no one else, you can take charge."

"Mmm, what else?" Ellie let him tease her nipples as he leaned closer.

"That you rather watch a comedic horror movie rather than a romantic comedy, like the Scary Movie series."

Ellie laughed, she did enjoy those series that mocked other horror films. "Tell me more." She kissed his lips and watched as he rubbed his hands down from her breasts to her stomach.

"You like crispy bacon." Trent smiled.

"And?"

"I like it too." Trent laughed "Your laugh, it's soft, your smile...it brightens the atmosphere. But most of all your willingness to try something new." He bent down to kiss her inner thigh.

"We only had one date." Ellie moaned as his lips reached a bit higher.

"You can tell a lot from a person from a first date. Besides I was thinking maybe we could continue dating even after you leave." Trent kissed higher nearing her lower lips.

Ellie curled her fingers as his kisses climbed "And if we did, would you really stay faithful?"

Trent stopped and look up at her "I teach a yoga class, a fitness class, and I provide morning wake up calls. That's all I do." He watched as her eyes flickered down at him.

"So I'm your first guest?"

Trent smiled "And you know what they say about your firsts." Ellie laughed as Trent stroke his fingers against her entrance, it tingled at his touch.

"Well have I been your first here at the resort?" Trent felt along her lips feeling her warm juice trickle onto his fingers.

"Uhhh." Ellie had to pause as his finger pressed inside her "There was a situation the day before." As Trent pressed harder she explained how she got her first doctor's visit at the resort.

"It was your first time having anal sex?" Trent asked adding a second finger probing her fluffy core.

Ellie groaned "Yesss." Trent twisted his fingers inside her and felt her cunt clutch them.

"How did it feel?"

Ellie thought back to her slipping down on a shaft, filling her backside. It stretched her, and yeah it hurt a bit, but it wasn't exactly bad.

"It was good, new feeling that's for sure." Ellie tilted her head back lets the water fall down on her. Trent stood up and massaged her shoulders.

"You should probably be going soon." Ellie blinked thinking about today's activities.

"Right, today I'm in the kitchen."

"Cake decorating?" Trent guessed. Ellie nodded.

"And baking, then a tasting." Ellie turned the faucet off and turned to Trent "I would love to see you again tonight. After I leave the spa, I'm going straight up here, eleven. What time do you get off?"

Trent rubbed his head "Six, I can meet you up here at seven. I have to clean the yoga studio after I'm done."

"Sounds fine to me." Ellie stood up on her tiptoes and kissed him. Ellie picked up a towel that was waiting on a small bench, Trent must have placed them there because he immediately grabbed one that was sitting underneath the one she picked up.

Trent gave her a winning smile before leaving her suite. Ellie picked out another sundress, shorter, she would be in the kitchen today after all. She was still on time nearly running into a blonde girl on her way.

"Sorry." Ellie murmured.

"No problem." She flipped her hair once before walking into the kitchen, Ellie followed her. There the chef who had a large chalk board was writing about how to prepare the cakes, while his assistant was bent over deep throating his cock.

"Now we have all sorts of pans, penis shaped, vagina shaped, breast shaped, and all are in different sizes." He spoke in a deep voice, it boomed over all other sounds in the kitchen "So use whatever you wish, just make sure you use the entire pans. And after the cakes have baked you need to chill them so the icing can go on."

The assistant pulled his cock out of her mouth "Also watch your cakes, we want a nice texture that is not too hard where it has been over cooked or where it's still raw in the center."

Everyone took their stations, Ellie could bake, she wasn't worried as she looked up in the shelf of pans, the blonde woman picked the largest penis shaped pan, Ellie decided to grab a pan that was different, she chose breasts, at least a C. After awhile of mixing and whisking in bowls everyone had their cakes in the oven.

Everyone was now working on the frosting or icing. The chef now had his assistant bending over so he could slide into her pussy. From the slick sound of insertion, it must have been a bit loose Ellie thought. The dick went in with such ease and out and back in again. How long did it take for her to get so loose? She definitely needed to schedule herself a tightening or two.

"God, she might as well be as wide as Charybdis." The blonde girl commented.

"I hear they have tightenings here." Ellie told her. The blonde girl looked awe struck.

"She needs one asap." Ellie giggled a bit. The blonde girl held a hand out "I'm Lola."

"Ellie." Ellie shook her hand "Let me guess, you always get what you want."

Lola smiled "Actually I do. This is my fifth year coming here, and there's one thing that I want more than anything in this world."

Ellie stared at the girl, she was lightly tanned, her eyes were teal, her lashes thick, pouty lips, was she a model. "What's that?"

Lola lowered her voice "Ted's dick."

Ellie stifled a laugh, didn't everyone want Ted's dick, if not in them then on a platter in some dream world?

"Why have you never asked?"

Lola laughed "I'm a seductress, Ellie. And I've known Ted since the first grade. He loves holes, that's all I can say. He loves all holes, and yet he can't just plunder one of mine."

"Maybe he thinks it'll ruin your friendship."

Lola shook her head "Nah, Anna, you've met her right? She's the manager, and even she's been screwed by Ted before. She and he are besties here, I mean I think he has this thing about relationships. Not that I'm asking for one."

Ellie shrugged "You ever think maybe he's worried if he sleeps with you that he won't want any other woman after?" Ellie shifted both eyebrows up.

Lola's mouth fell agape "Maybe, I never thought about it that way. I know I'm great, but geez. Even if I did whip it on him, I'd leave the next morning to find a new screw."

"I believe they call your kind liberals."

Lola giggled "Yeah, I guess. Hey the cakes are done." Lola slid over to the ovens and pulled out of half vanilla half chocolate penis cake from the oven. Ellie got her cake and placed it down on a cooling rack. Once her tits had cooled she shoved them straight into the fridge to chill them.

The chef had already finished cumming inside his assistant who then licked the cum off his cock and the floor before starting to clean the dirty bowls and whisks that were stacked high in the sinks.

After the cakes were frosted and then decorated the cakes one by one were tasted. Ellie got a B+ for her breasts, even though they were Cs, it felt good to get a high mark, sometimes As were a bit too small.

Ellie and Lola went to the spa together and after their lunch Ellie went to her room. She had made a friend, and that felt wonderful. Now she went out to her balcony and to check on her neighbors across the way. The ginger girl was leaned against the railing as she was being railed from behind by a familiar looking gentleman.

"Pete?" Ellie whispered to herself, she watched Dr. Grants nurse pump inside the woman with rampant animalistic thrusts. Pete picked the woman up placing her on the floor of the terrace, he then pulled his cock out of her bruised pussy and shove it up her ass. Pete had to be an ass man, the anal cavity was a thing with him, must be. That was what was on Ellie's mind as she watched the woman cum immediately after he entered her.

Ellie watched with delight up until he came in her ass and began to leave. The woman tried to suck his still throbbing member, but he frowned saying something before having to leave. She must be so heartbroken, two out of three holes, incomplete.

But Pete did have a job to do, and damn it he was good at it too. Ellie soon dressed up once more for her date with Trent. Like before it was a pleasant start with her getting to know him more. Trent actually taught yoga in town on week days.

When they got back to the room Trent got immediately to the good part, in between her legs. His cock reached places inside her vagina that no ex could ever wish to touch, each thrust felt heavy and splendid. The steely feel of his rod stretching her insides drove her wild with lust. The plunge into the moist coves, the restriction of his dick feeling her pull him in more, fill her to the rim made Trent plunge faster.

Trent made her cum not once or twice, but thrice in one hour. Five hours of sex, twelve orgasms, and various fluid secretions later they both laid on her bed out of breath. Tomorrow would be her last day there, she had work after that, the entire week. Her last day of release so close at hand. She sighed.

"It's okay." Trent kissed her palm "There's these things called planes, trains, and cars." He started "And they get us to places as fast as they can. And I definitely will go to any lengths to see you again."

Ellie smiled "Saying something like that I might just have to give you my number."

"Well Ted mans the desk I can always get it that way."

Ellie smirked and a question came to mind about Ted.

"Hey do you know someone named Lola?"

Lola was standing at the front desk, arms crossed, eyes narrowed, legs as stiff as board. Ted was being blown at the moment, so he kept the girl under his desk.

"Lola." Ted smiled "How are you?"

"Don't bullshit me Ted. I can hear her breathing." Lola squinted.

Ted sighed "Please don't kill my erection right now." Lola was about to dig into him, she always did when he was with another woman. The release he had was paused by her eyes piercing his, wanting to flay him.

"Then let me join you two."

The woman looked up at Ted nodding. She was down for a threesome, and something soft she could lay her tongue inside. Ted gave a small smile.

"Sorry can't help you today Lola, but you should call Zack he takes my shift tomorrow." He handed her a small paper card.

Lola tore it in half wanting to smack Ted in the face. She stomped off towards the elevator before turning around.

"This is fucked up." She told Ted "How can guests Cum As They Are if you can't accommodate to their needs?" 

Lola waited for the elevator and watched as two women made out furiously pulling layers of clothes off, breast went flying as panties dropped to ankles. She shoved them so she could enter not caring if she hurt them or even bothered asking to join. Lola was pissed, the last thing Ted saw were her eyes, sea green boiling with rage.

The woman under the desk stood up "That is sort of fucked up."

"Et tu?" Ted frowned. "I guess I can't cum now, because of her right?"

"Nope, you're off this shift now, Valerie's here now." She smiled. Ted turned to see her leering over her.

"Come on-

"Bye Ted, come back when you learn to share your gifts." Valerie waved him off and Ted went off, pants-less and annoyed, his erection wouldn't go down as easy as it popped up.

"Cum as you are my ass." He murmured under his breath as he waited for the elevator doors to open. Once inside he saw the same woman who was giving him head start to give Valerie head. Her vagina spread wide so that the woman to lap around her pussy lips and then tongue fuck her causing Valerie to moan. Now she's going to get to cum, but now he couldn't. Ted shook his head in disbelief.

Valerie moaned rubbing her breasts when the phone rang.

"Hello? Yes, of course we can. Haven't you read the motto?" Valerie asked. She sucked in air as the woman started eating her out. She dropped the phone to which the woman picked it up.

"Here at the Felt Resort and Spa, it's a necessity to Cum As You Are."