 A story based on a true experience,,, wishing that it could be shared again,,, with someone so deserving! Can one go back and find it again??

"Honey!" you call from the shower, "Get UP! We'll miss the Ferry!". I hear you leave the shower on as I swing my legs over the side, Hopefully, the shower will clear the Champagne "cobwebs" from my state of torpor. I watch you bend to dry your ankles as I moan my way past you and into the shower. Your giggle reminds me of last night. Of how we laughed through dinner at the "3 Crabs" in Dungeuness, Washington before we came here to Port Angeles and got a room. THEN, your giggles had turned to squeals and screams as you urged me on to take you like the animal you first fell in love with. One last glance shows me the sweet ass that pressed back against my thrusts into you as we hammered out our Champagne fueled lust for one another. I picture you gripping the sheets in your fists as you muffled your screams into a pillow and then collapsed forward as I spent myself deep inside you. As I remember, we fell asleep like that, me shrinking from you as we lay panting and moaning one another's names. I only became aware of you later as you dreamed sweetly with your head on my shoulder, your arm slipped across my chest. I Love it when I hear your breath in my ear. The shower does it's job as I hold my head under the stream. 

Coming out, you are way ahead of me, your bags packed and you putting on the finishing touches to your make-up. Your smile joins the sun splashing through the window as a crisp, clear, Glorious Pacific Northwest morn. You win the competition hands down however, your Beauty is stunning. I am ALWAYS amazed by your seemingly effortless ability to be gorgeous in the morning. Your knee slips deliciously through the slit in your brightly colored skirt. Your thigh shows me a bit of creamy Heaven as you stand and sliding your arms round my neck, kiss me and whisper.

"WISH we had time for some Good Morning Delight! Baby, you were SO incredible last night!"

Your fine and firmular ass cheeks come into my palms and twitch a bit as you slow grind your pelvis to mine. Your tongue twists with mine enticingly as you pull away and remind me we have a Ferry reservation that is NOT to be missed.

I pack us in, and we hie our way to join the line of vehicles assembling prior to embarking. I walk to get a newspaper and return to find your thighs once again shown to me as you protect your skirt from the fruit you are preparing for us. I dive into the slices of banana, pear, apple and Kiwi. You join me and then curse as a run of peach juice drops onto your thigh. Your hands full, you shift your bottom to keep it from flowing down into your crotch. I assist, daming the flow with my finger, then lowering my lips to suck the juice up before it's escape. Your hips squirm reflexively. Your smile is framing a moaned "Thank you Baby!" Suddenly, the line begins to move and we finish our fruit with a muffin from the Motel.

We snug our car in with the nest of vehicles headed for Victoria! Everyone is scurrying to get up to the Galley and get a good seat at the bar! As I open the door to our rented Durango, you reach over, and grabbing my wrist, stop me. I give you the "WHAAAA?" look and you just smile! 

UMMM-HMMMM!

"THAT" smile! 

You pull me toward you, the door closing with me. Bringing my hand to your breast, the light goes off and we are in semi, but VERY romantic, darkness. You kiss me deeply breathlessly adding, "Baby, lets make love! Please, make me yours!"

Your kiss is maddening, demanding, EVER so enticing!

You look at me, then to the back seat. Wordlessly, we clamour back into the rear! The slit in your wrap around dress showing an alluring peek! I am hard in an instant! You slide onto my lap, your arms encircling my neck. Your kisses so deep, so wet, so hot!

Your tongue searches for mine, and I arise to your challenge. You grind onto my lap, demanding that I meet your ardore! Your mouth never leaves mine as you fumble with the buttons to my shorts! Your nipples showing as your blouse hangs open. They are stiff, wanton, desirable beyond words! You push my shorts down, and for the first time, I become aware that you are pantyless! My cock comes up, and immediately, I sense dampness! 

You are AGAIN on my lap! Smothering my mouth with yours. My hands fall toward your nipples, twisting them lightly, and I hear you gasp as my cockhead comes into contact with your slit! You kiss me the kiss of the ages! Grinding your crotch to mine. We kiss as Great Lovers do! Mindless of ANYTHING around us. Not caring about ANYTHING but satisfying one another. You reach behind you, and lifting up a bit, work my cockhead back and forth inside your slit, wetting it!!

You couldn't do ANYTHING sexier! I watch the look on your face as you ease it into you. Watch as the sexiest moan I have ever heard escapes your lips. The air escapes your lungs as smoothly as YOUR cock enters you. I say "YOURS", because for right now, for this moment, it belongs to you, and ONLY you! Your head hangs and I swear I perceive you having a mini-orgasm. 

Suddenly, someone is opening the car next to us. They do not see us, and you begin to move your lips up the side of my neck. Your mouth wide, your lips and teeth dragging across my skin. I watch as they rummage around and feel your pussy muscles clench and quiver as your mouth completely covers my ear. 

You breath, suck, SIGH into it all at once. Your pussy clutching at me!

Maddening! Delightfull!

SEARING!

I watch as our neighbor searches for something. The feel as your legs scissor forward and back is almost too much! I hear you whisper in my ear, "DADDY, FUCK ME!".

I am willing this ASSHOLE away with ALL my being, your lips sucking on my neck. Your arms so tight around me. I flex the head of my cock, making it "bob" inside you. And you GROAN, stopping for a second. I feel your wetness give way, flooding my balls! Your pussy spasms uncontrollably. You exhale a moan, NO! More a GROAN! You go limp in my arms, rubbing my neck, you whisper, "CUM in me Daddy, cum WITH me NOW!". 

As quick as he appeared, he is gone. I roll you over on the seat, your legs go around me, your arms round my neck. You look into my eyes, and wordlessly tell me as lovers do, "NOW,,, FUCK ME NOW!!" 

I slam into you and you grab my ass, urging me on. Your lips hang on mine and you bite my lip and whimper as I take you like the animals that we have once again become. Fucking as though we are the ONLY lovers in the world. Your legs go wide and you are sooo OPEN to me! You look down and watch YOUR cock go into you! You feel me stiffen, watching as my eyes glaze. 

"I'm gonna CUM!", I blurt out, "Your gonna make me CUM!!!" 

You grip my ass cheeks, and as the wave of our orgasm begins to crash over you too, you ORDER me, "CUM IN ME DADDY,,,FUCK ME,,, GIVE IT TO ME!! NOWWWwwww!!!!".

You cling to me as you see me go straight. Feeling my cock begin to twitch and shoot inside you. Your juices join with mine. Mixing inside you as we pound at one another. Your nails dig into my ass. You feel me go limp, starting to fall upon you. Your arms envelope me, your legs wrap around me. WE ARE ONE!

We moan together as I manage to give you little suck-kisses on your shoulder as you rub the back of my neck. I whisper to you, "Baby, Babyyy,, you make me feel SOOOoo Good,, hold me like this again and again,, Or I shall surely go mad from wanting you!!"

You wriggle your hips as you feel my cock begin to receed out of you. I reach down and tickle your feet and you giggle. I love the feel of a woman's laugh as my cock is still in her. I kiss you and say, "Wait until I fuck you on the Balcony of our Hotel tonight!". 

You just smile that smile! Knowing that what we just shared, shall be eclipsed tonight. As the Lights twinkle on the "Inner Harbour" at Victoria.

We go now, above the "Car Deck", and join the rest of our fellow Travelers. As I order drinks, you whisper to me, "Our cum, is running down my Leg!"

I watch as you scurry off toward the Head. Seeing you clench that sweet ass while you hurry. I just KNOW there is a smile wanting to burst from you as a Laugh.

And I fall in love with you even MORE! Want to follow you and fill you again. Want you to stay the enchanting Nutcracker Sprite that you are now. Forever!!!