 I wanted her the moment she walked into the bar. After driving all day on my way to visit some old friends in western Massachusetts, I decided to get a drink then head back to the sleazy motel down the road and get up early. The shabby bar was empty except for the bald headed bartender with a pot belly and a drunk with his head down on the table, holding an empty shot glass. The head of a deer with huge antlers hung from the wall over the bar. We were in the middle of nowhere, so I was surprised when this sexy young woman walked in wearing tight faded jeans, an old jean jacket embroidered with bright colored beads on the sleeves and carried a small green backpack. She had an exotic, hippie look about her.

Our eyes met as soon as she entered, and a slight smile flickered on her lips before she looked away. I guessed she was in her early thirties--maybe ten or so years younger than me--short, about five two or three, with shoulder length auburn hair, fair skin, high cheekbones and dangling earrings. When she sat down at the other end of the bar, she glanced at me with that slight, playful smile, then looked away when the bartender asked her what she wanted. 

"A Dirty Martini, please." She opened her green backpack and took out her cellphone but glance again at me before scrolling.

"Put it on my tab," I said to the bartender and glanced back at her. 

She nodded and smiled her thank you, then surprised me when she got up, walked over and sat on the stool next to me. I could not believe how her tight jeans hugged her ass, legs and hips. She put her small backpack on the floor and smiled. I returned the smile, noticing her dimples and green eyes. 

"Thanks, mister, mind if I join you. My name's Megan." 

"Not at all, my name's Jonathan, but people call me Jon." I took a sip of my Jack Daniels.

"Hi, Jon, nice name." 

Our eyes met again and she gave me that slight, intriguing smile as if she was interested in something happening. 

When her drink came she picked it up and we clicked glasses. "Here's to luck!" 

"I'll drink to that." I lifted my glass to hers then took another sip.

She put her glass down and stirred the drink with her red polished index finger, then sucked it slowly and gazed into my eyes. "Mmm, that's so good. I love martinis."

This woman's hot, I thought, feeling the sexual energy between us growing rapidly, and suddenly appreciated her toast to luck and her sucking and licking her finger. 

"So what are you doing here?" she asked then took another sip from her drink. 

"I'm on my way to visit some old friends but needed to stop. I'm at the motel down the road."

"Nice. I'm on my way home from a conference and thought I'd stop, too. I'm probably at the same motel you are... hmmm...serendipity." She took another sip from her drink, then picked up the olive out of her glass, placed it in her mouth, rolled it around and continued looking at me with that slight, sexy smile on her lips before swallowing it. 

"You look interesting, like you think a lot. What do you do?" she asked, suggestively licking her lips after swallowing the olive.

"I'm a writer—novels, poetry, short stories."

"Cool. I like your blue eyes. Eyes tell a lot about a guy and I like beards." She glanced at my trimmed beard, then back at my eyes. 

"Thanks," I took another sip of my drink. Both of us gazed at each other as if exploring a new territory and enjoying the landscape. 

"So, where's home?" I asked and finished my Jack Daniels, then motioned to the bartender for another one.

"New York. Where are you from?"

"Maine." 

"Oh, I was in Maine once a few years back...beautiful. I loved it." She finished her martini, smacking her lips, "Mmm, that was good. I could go for another one." She looked at me just as the bartender put down my glass. I pointed to hers. "She'll take another one." 

"Thanks, Jon." She took off her jean jacket and dropped it on top of her small backpack on the floor and revealed a skimpy, black tank top that could barely contain her impressive breasts. Damn she's not wearing a bra. I moaned silently when I saw her nipples making little peaks on her tight tank top which immediately caused my cock to bulge. 

She smiled knowing where I was looking, then glanced down and saw the outline of my cock straining my snug jeans. Neither of us said anything, but her smile told me what she was thinking. 

When her martini came, we clicked glasses again, took sips and looked into each other's eyes. I wonder if she's thinking what I'm thinking. 

She rotated on her bar stool, faced me and sat with her legs spread apart so that I could see the seam of her faded tight jeans pressed into her pussy. I faced her too, my legs spread apart and she could see my bulging cock straining to break out of my jeans. 

She lifted her martini to her mouth and took another sip, while I did the same with my drink. Our eyes gazed at each other over the rims of our glasses, both of us getting drunk, our lust growing, our inhibitions fading.

"So what do you do in New York?" I asked, swirling my drink, letting the ice cubes clink.

"I'm a professor at NYU and write articles on feminism and other women issues. I'm in the Women's Studies Department."

"So, are you a strident feminist?"

"I am, very strident. In fact several hours ago I delivered a paper at the conference on the exploitation of the professional woman in a man's world and was dressed in handsome pants suit, my hair in a tight bun, wearing my classy glasses." She then glanced over at the bartender whose back was to us, and then surprised me when she reached forward, placing her hand on my cock and started to rub. "Mmmm...nice." 

I put my hand on top of her hand as she rubbed my cock, surprised at her aggressiveness. I also glanced at the back of the bartender.

"Are all feminists as aggressive as you?"

"I don't know about others. We're not suppose to let ourselves be sexual objects and that's what I teach and write about, you know, professional equality, how to handle sexual harassment, how to maintain female dignity in the workplace and not be exploited."

As she leaned forward, biting her lower lip, rubbing my cock, I could see her cleavage and nipples and with my other hand reached forward and started rubbing one of her tits with the palm of my hand, squeezing it, hearing her moan again... "mmm, I like that."

"So you're a professional feminist?" 

"I am, but if my students and readers could see me now, they'd be shocked."

"Why?" 

She chuckled and snickered. "Because I shouldn't be in a bar like this in the middle of nowhere dressed in tight jeans and a tight shirt wanting to get laid."

"Then why are you?"

"Because I'm tired of all the bullshit, I mean a lot of what I teach is important for young women to know, but sometimes I get really horny and just want to fuck and forget all that crap and get out of my head." 

"Interesting." I liked how she spoke and her blunt honesty was getting me hotter. 

"Yeah, sometimes I just want to be a slut and shove all that intellectual crap out the door and just be taken, let myself go."

"So how do you do that?" 

"I find places like this where no one knows me--dress the way I know men like, let my hair loose and I become the sexy woman I am underneath the intellectual bullshit--you know, the putting on a face to meet the faces that you meet like Eliot says in that J. Alfred Prufrock poem." 

"I know what you mean, Megan, you want to live your erotic fantasies, not just fantasize. You don't want to always be prudent like Prufrock."

"Right and that's why I sometimes stop in places like this where no one knows me to see if I can find a guy whose on the same page as me." She smiled, took a sip of her martini and looked into my eyes. "Like you." 

"What do you mean, like me?" 

"I saw how you looked at me when I came in. You looked cool, and I knew you wanted to fuck me and I said to myself, 'Jackpot.'"

"Jackpot," I repeated, chuckling.

"Yeah, I knew I was going to score--get what I was looking for."

"Is that so?" I glanced at the back of the bartender and moved my hand to the inside of her thigh and slowly slid it up closer to her crotch while she rubbed my bulging cock. "I think we both hit the jackpot."

"I think you're right." She bit her lower lip, gazed into my eyes and rubbed my cock through my jeans while my hand continued moving up her thigh. She leaned forward and whispered in my ear, "You're getting me so fucking wet." 

Just then the bartender went into a backroom, leaving us alone at the bar. I cupped her pussy with the palm of my hand, pressing harder against her crotch. She pushed her pelvis forward so that I could rub her harder. 

"Oh fuck," she gasped, softly and then again, a little louder, thrusting her crotch against my hand. "Oh fuck!" she moaned again, biting her lower lip harder, our eyes locked on each other. 

"Let's finish our drinks and get out of here," I said. 

"Cool!" She wrapped her fingers tightly around my hard cock through my jeans. "You've got something I want." 

We both finished our drinks and I threw a twenty on the bar and we were out of there, both of us drunk and wobbly as we left. 

Except for a beat up pick up truck, our cars were the only ones in the dark parking lot. The red neon sign in the bar's window blinked on and off, casting an eerie red glow on the gravel. As we approached my car, I suddenly pushed her hard against my car door and we kissed, devouring each others tongues. I grabbed her ass and pulled her against my hard cock, and we started grinding and humping each other, our tongues swirling madly. She grabbed my ass and pulled me against her. Our hungry bodies humped and slammed against each other harder, our mouths and tongues almost hurting from the force of our kissing. Suddenly, we released each other's mouths, gasping for air but continued the grinding and humping, looking into each other's hungry eyes. She lowered herself slightly, arching her back and spread her legs wider apart, and started moving her tight jean covered pussy up and down my hard, throbbing cock like it was a pole in a strip joint.

"This feels so good, mister." 

I grabbed her ass with both hands squeezing and loving how the thin tight denim strained against the firm roundness of her ass.

"Oh fuck, I'm going to cum," she cried out, humping her pussy harder and harder. "I'm going to cum. Oh baby, baby fuck me, fuck me, fuck me... oh, yes, yes...don't fucking stop, don't stop...oh, fuck I'm cumming in my pants. I can't stand it. I'm fucking cumming!"

Her whole body shuddered. Her words made me pound her harder. "Oh baby, I need your cock in me. I need it. Let's get in the car. I need you to fuck me." 

Luckily it was a late autumn night. Except for the red neon light, the parking lot was dark and there was no traffic on the desolate road. I opened the back door and she got in and lay down on her back, kicking off her sandals, squirming out of her jeans as fast as she could while I lowered mine then pulled her jeans over her feet. I removed her soaked panties, threw them on the floor then got into the car on my knees while she placed one leg on the back of the seat, the other on the floor with her pussy wide open. She lifted her arms and reached out for me. 

"Come on, I want that big cock! Fuck me hard! I'm safe--don't worry."

Her horny and reassuring words drove me insane and I opened her with one hard thrust. 

"I'm safe too--had a vasectomy."

I pulled out and rammed my cock harder. "You're so tight! Fuck me! Take my cock, you little slut!"

"Yeah! Talk dirty to me! Make me your slut!" 

She lifted her ass off the seat and met my thrusts. I could not believe my ears, her words inspiring me to fuck her harder and get raunchy. 

"Come on, fuck me you little slut! Give me your tight cunt!"

"Yeah, fuck your whore! Give it to me harder. Harder!" She lifted her ass and arched her back. "Fuck me harder, you fucking bastard! Give it to me! Give it to me!"

"Take it! Take it!" 

I sensed she was on the verge of exploding and felt her whole body tensing and trembling. Her pussy gripped my hard cock. "Oh my god, I'm cumming. I'm cumming!"

Her delirious words urged me to pound her like a piston faster and harder. Suddenly, she exploded in a huge orgasm, screaming her head off, her pussy squeezing my cock causing my orgasm to hit like a freight train roaring through me. 

Not caring where we were, our loud voices filled my car as ecstatic convulsions swept over us, and we both erupted in huge overwhelming orgasms before I collapsed on her. 

She wrapped her strong legs around my back, her arms tight around my shoulders, pulling me even deeper; her pussy still clutching my deflated cock. I lay heavily on her in the back seat of my car, both of us completely spent, desperate for air, sweating, feeling the August heat. I loved my cock nestled in her warm wet pussy. 

Megan kept her legs wrapped around my back, trapping my cock in her and holding me to her with her strong legs and arms and panting heavily. 

"Oh baby I want more. I want to fuck you all night. I'm insatiable."

"Insatiable, are you?" 

"Yes, I love to fuck!" She looked up at me while I slowly pulled my cock out of her pussy and looked at her wild hair splayed on the backseat of my car and thought about her being a college teacher, a feminist who taught young women to be on guard against being exploited. 

"Good! Let's get going. We've got a long night ahead of us." 

We quickly got dressed and noticed the lights in the bar were out and the neon sign was turned off. We both looked up at the stars then at each other. 

"Nice night." I looked up at the sparkling sky and then at her. 

"Very." She smiled then gazed into my eyes. 

"I love looking at the stars." 

"Me too." She bumped my hip with hers. "Let's go." 

She dashed to her car and I got into mine and she followed me to the Lakeside Motel which was five minutes away from the bar. The neon sign on the motel office was on with the blue letter L blinking. The office was dark. It had to be past midnight.

Megan pulled up alongside of my car and we parked at the far end of the motel. We walked quickly to my room and as soon as I opened the door, she squirmed by me, her round luscious ass straining her tight jeans. I had left a lamp on. When I entered and closed the door, she took her jeans jacket off and tossed it on the floor, her eyes on me like I was prey. 

"So how do you like your feminist slut?" She walked towards me. 

"I like how aggressive you are." 

"You do, do you?" She stood in front of me, her eyes gazing into mine. 

I couldn't believe how beautiful and sexy she looked with her reddish hair still messed up, her tight, faded jeans molded to her body, her tits straining her black tank top, and how her intense, hungry eyes looked at me. She was a fantasy come true and I could not believe my luck at meeting this sexy hot woman in the middle of nowhere, strangers in the night. With our eyes locked on each other and her hand on my chest, she pushed me hard against the door then grabbed my balls in the palm of her hand. 

"So you're a college teacher and a feminist," I somehow managed to say, surprised that I was able to get hard after after our wildness in my car.

"Right, but not tonight." She smiled then lowered herself to her knees and unzipped my jeans. I looked down at her as she held my throbbing cock in her hand and watched her start licking the tip with her tongue. She looked up at me with those hungry green eyes as she licked. Her hand gripped my cock, while her warm, wet tongue moved up and down the length of my shaft like it was a lollipop and forced me to lean against the door and just give in to what she was doing to me. 

She slid her mouth over the full length of my cock, swallowing me then moved her hot mouth up and down, slow at first, then faster as her hunger grew. The soft slurping sounds she made devouring my cock made me grab the back of her head and thrust into her hot mouth, fucking her harder and harder with each thrust. 

I watched my cock going in and out of her round wet mouth. Her hands grabbed my ass as I pumped harder, my cock swelling in her mouth. Sensing I was about to explode, she moved her mouth faster, deeper, hungrier, slurping and moaning as she took me over the edge. I was on the verge of exploding. 

"Suck my cock! Suck it!" I looked down at her head, my hands pulling her hair while her mouth moved faster and faster up and down, swallowing my swollen cock as I fucked her hot mouth. Suddenly, my orgasm hit and my erupting cock filled her mouth with gush after gush of cum dribbling down her chin as she gobbled up all she could. 

My cock popped out of her mouth and I slid down to the floor, unable to stand after that intense release. She leaned back and smiled with my hot cum on her lips and chin. I sat on the green carpeted floor with my back against the door, my legs straight out, my cock hanging limply, and Megan kneeling between my legs, breathing heavily. After a breathless moment, she crawled closer, lifted my cock and continued licking the remains of cum, moaning as she licked. 

"Told you I'm insatiable," she said, looking up at me with her cum covered tongue on my cock. 

"You are, are you?" I smiled. "Well get ready to beg me to stop when I fuck your brains out." 

"Oh, yeah, you think you can handle me."

"I know I can." Then with a sudden burst of energy I stood up and roughly pulled her to her feet, shoved her to the bed, unbuttoning her jeans at the same time. I pushed her onto her back, quickly pulling her jeans off, getting her to squirm out of them. She didn't have her panties on. They were probably still in the back of my car. Her legs were spread apart. I grabbed her ankles as I got down on my knees on the floor, placing her legs over my shoulders. Wanting to drive her crazy, I licked the inside of her soft, smooth thigh just below her pussy, teasing her, moving my tongue from one thigh to the other, licking her on both sides of her pussy, but not touching where I know she wanted my tongue. 

"Stop teasing me! Stop teasing me!" She grabbed my hair, then lifted her body, arched her back and screamed, "Eat me! Stop teasing me you fucking bastard!" 

I knew we were in for a night of hot raunchy fucking and that both of us were on the same page--two strangers meeting in the middle of nowhere, casting all inhibitions out the window and letting our lust take over. We were wild animals. 

I gently touched her pussy lips with the tip of my tongue and felt her fingers pulling my hair, wanting more. My tongue, like a feather, tickled her wet pussy lips, barely touching her, as it moved slowly up and down. I pulled my tongue away then touched her pussy a little harder, loving the taste and smell of her dripping pussy before licking her harder with the flat of my tongue. I spread her legs wider apart, lapping up her juices, and moved my tongue from her ass hole to her clit, putting more and more pressure with each swipe, causing her to writhe and whimper, "Oh, baby, that's so good, eat me, eat me, oh, baby, don't stop, oh, yes, yes, don't stop!"

She pushed her pussy harder against my tongue and pulled my hair, forcing my tongue to go deeper. She was the wildest, hungriest woman I had ever fucked.

"Oh, yeah! Do that! Do that!" 

Lifting her ass off the bed, she fucked my tongue and it was all I could do to hold her as she shuddered violently and climaxed in another wild, overwhelming orgasm. 

Quickly, I tore off my jeans and climbed back onto the bed between her wide open legs. Her wild screaming and writhing got me so hot I couldn't stand it and had to ram my cock into her pussy and fuck her as hard as I could. I knew I wanted to drive her crazy and beg me to stop. Suddenly, I pounced on her, thrusting as hard as I could, and opened her pussy with the power of my cock. Pounding her harder and harder, I heard the headboard banging against the wall. 
