 It was the biggest fight yet with her soon-to-be ex and she felt like shit afterwards. She needed a release for all her pent up anger. The batting cages were long closed and there was nowhere else to go. Except for his place. 

She hesitated at the light, not sure if she should go there. Fuck it, she thought, I NEED this. She drove down the now familiar streets and pulled into his driveway, praying he was still awake. 

As she got out of the car, the back door opened and there he stood. "What's wrong?" he asked, concern on his face. She didn't say a word as she walked up to him. As he hugged her close, she felt a little better but knew she needed something else, something more raw.

She stood up on her tippy toes and whispered into his ear, "I need you to fuck me...just fuck me and use me. Don't be nice. Don't hold back." she leaned back and looked at his face, his eyes now filled with lust. "Please."

That last word did it and he dragged her into the house and closed the door, slamming her into it. His mouth crushed hers as he kissed her, hard and fierce. He pressed his body onto hers, pushing her harder against the door. He bit her lip, leaving it slightly stinging, and made his way down her neck.

Her arms were pushed up and over her head, pinning her more firmly against the door, giving him complete access to her chest. He took both her wrists in one of his hands and used the other to rip her shirt open, sending buttons flying across the kitchen floor. He spread her shirt open, exposing her breasts to his mouth. He took one in his hand and lowered his mouth to it, licking and sucking, biting and nibbling, making her moan loudly at the sensations he was causing. 

He realeased that one and started pinching and pulling the other one, drawing a gasp from her. She arched her back to offer him more and he greedily took what she offered. Her nipples were soon sore from his attention, sensitive to the touch. 

He let go of the one and plunged his hand down into her jeans, shoving two fingers into her pussy. "Oh god!" she moaned, "god, that feels good!" She was soaked and ready for him. But he wasn't done yet.

He withdrew his hand and licked his fingers, looking her in the eye as he did. Then, he leaned forward and kissed her, making her taste her own cum, smelling it on him. It wasn't a long kiss as he pulled her arms down and led her to the kitchen counter, bending her over it, face first. 

Her pants were yanked down to her knees and her cheeks were spread, allowing him access to her. He pushed two fingers back in and pulled them out, spreading her juices all over her pussy and ass. Suddenly, he shoved his cock in her, making her moan loudly at the intrusion, loving the feel of him. She pushed her ass back, wanting more of him in her. 

He fucked her like this for a few minutes before stopping. She wondered what he was doing when she felt a finger playing with her ass, his cock still buried in her. She reached down and put her fingers on her clit, teasing herself while he played. She felt him slip a finger in her ass and she almost came then. Her fingers paused on her clit, not wanting to cum just yet. He worked it in and out slowly, driving her to the brink and stopping. 

She felt his cock slip out and before she knew it, he was pressing it in her ass. It popped in and he sank all the way in. "Ohhhhhhhhh yeeeesssss," she hissed, pushing her ass back toward him. He moved in and out slowly then started moving faster. she resumed playing with her clit and within seconds, started cumming. "I'm cumming!" she yelled. He grabbed her hips and started fucking her ass harder and faster as she came, pushing himself over the edge and cumming himself. 

He leaned down to lay on her back, tired from the bit of exercise they had just had. Both were breathing hard, panting was more like the word. She felt him slide out of her and their cum running down her legs. "I think we need a shower," she said, grinning against the counter. 

He stood up and stepped back, still fully dressed except for his pants undone. She kicked off her pants and took off her top, realizing it would be pointless to wear it anymore tonight. She followed him to the bathroom and watched him turn on the shower, ready for him to be unclothed like her. She leaned against the bathroom counter as he undressed, enjoying the short show. 

She stepped into the shower, him right behind her and stood under the spray, washing off the cum that was on her legs. She grabbed the soap and turned to help him wash off, eager to have her hands roam his body. She ran her hands over his soapy chest, down his stomach to his cock and lovingly washed it, making sure to clean it real well. He returned the favor, washing her chest slowly, down her stomach to her pussy, pausing to clean it all up. 

Once they were all soapy, she stepped toward him and kissed him, pressing her body against him, sliding up and down, loving that slippery feeling. They continued to make out in the shower, kissing and feeling, learning the others body. She sighed, "I guess we need to get this soap off, huh?" she said. She rinsed them off, using it as an excuse to touch him all over again.

When she was sure all the soap was gone, she dropped to her knees in front of him. She looked up into his eyes as she moved her mouth toward his cock. She stuck her tongue out and licked his head, teasing it, and sucked it into her mouth. She continued to tease and suck slightly, never taking it all the way in her mouth. She knew he was waiting for that moment when she would take it all in, down her throat.

She felt a hand on her head, moving down to her neck. It slid into the hair at the back of her head and grabbed a handful. Her pussy flooded when he pushed her mouth on his cock, forcing it all the way in, down her throat. She gagged a little but let him lead her mouth, forcing it down on his cock. He pulled her head back, just far enough where she couldn't reach. She looked up into his face and he looked down in her eyes as he pushed her head back down. 

He pulled her head back again and tugged on her hair to have her stand. Once standing, he pushed her up against the shower wall and spread her cheeks, shoving his cock into her wet pussy. It didn't take long for either one of them to cum, her knees almost giving out she came so hard. 

By the time they could breathe normally, they realized the shower had gone cold. They quickly rinsed off again and jumped out of the shower, drying each other off and starting the process all over again. "Where to now?" she asked him.

"My room," he said, taking her hand and pulling her down the hallway. Once thru his door, he pulled her in front of him and pushed her back onto his bed, on her back. She scooted back, spreading her legs to make room for him between her thighs. He knelt down on the bed, crawling forward until he was over her, his hips resting on hers. 

She couldn't resist it, she had to do it. Her legs moved up and locked around his waist, pulling him closer as he leaned down to kiss her. They lay like this, touching and kissing for what seemed to be forever. She couldn't stop her hands from touching wherever they could reach. And he seemed to be having the same problem as she, his hands touching all over her, stroking and tweaking. 

She could feel him getting hard again, pressing into her. She moved her hips beneath him, teasing him with her wet pussy. She pushed him back, breaking the kiss and kept pushing until he was flat on his back on the bed. she crawled over him and straddled his hips, barely letting the head go into her. His hips moved up but she moved also, not letting him enter her. Finally, he grabbed her hips and shoved her down onto him, pushing as far up into her as he could get. 

She let out a low moan as he filled her completely, grinding her hips down on him to take even more. She moved on him now, slowly up and down, watching his face as she did. After about 10 strokes, she all but stopped, only allowing the head to enter, barely moving, teasing him again. Then plunging down on him to take him all the way again. She repeated this several times before he got very still. "Hell, I tried but I couldnt't help myself," he said, grinning.

She climbed off and fell on the bed next to him. "No prob. I'll just let you catch your breath and then we'll figure out where to next," already thinking of all the possibilities. She was grinning like a fool and thinking about what the rest of the night held in store.