 "Well, that changes things," Julie said aloud as she closed the door behind her. She was a bit tipsy after the party, not only from the drinks but from the new possibilities awaiting her. She had begun to notice the odd demographics of her floor, but just assumed she had missed something.

She had moved into the building two months ago after being poached from her L.A. company by a well-funded, impressively staffed Seattle startup. While most tech folks couldn't see past her shoulder-length blond hair, cute face, slim body, and ample breasts, anyone who listened quickly realized that she was a phenomenal programmer who could dance circles around the leering guys who thought they were hot shit behind a keyboard. Her new company had seen one of her talks and actively sought her out.

She had relished the idea of a change, and it wasn't like she had a big social life to leave behind. She was too intense about her work to have any close friendships, and she had learned the hard way that boyfriends resented it when you were much smarter and made so much more money than they did.

Plus, dating made her less focused. She had kept a spreadsheet of personal statistics and observations about the day, and a decade of data was telling: Dating made her less productive and reduced her reading. An orgasm every three or four days kept her focused. More than that — that had been a fun month and a half of testing — showed no real effect beyond being enjoyable. Less than that and her sex drive began to take over her thoughts. Her sex toys had been in her carry-on when she relocated.

She missed having sex with men, though. She loved a good fuck, and over her years in L.A., she had cultivated a contact list of about 15 boy toys. Whenever she was horny, one of them was usually available for a booty call. Especially for someone who would indulge and even enjoy a fair amount of kink.

She hadn't really thought about them much when she accepted the offer. New city, new guys. But when you don't like clubs, don't fuck co-workers, don't date, and don't like Tindr, it was hard to meet fuck buddies. She had taken her list for granted. So she had been thinking of cock for weeks now. Her toys and porn downloads could only do so much.

Maybe that's why she had noticed it. Every time she met someone new from her floor — by the elevators, in the hallways — it was a guy. Could she be the sole woman on a floor full of men? She put her theory to the test: She booked the building's rooftop lounge for a "get to know your floormates" party and brought in a caterer to pour drinks and serve appetizers.

Lo and behold. While two guys were obviously gay, the other twenty people from her floor were all guys. And all single. At least from her conversations with them. It made sense: the apartments weren't very big but they were very expensive. They clearly catered to single people with a lot of money. For a tech-based economy, that meant guys, as she knew too well. She had stood out in a snug yellow dress that came down to her knees — they all wore the tech uniform of black t-shirt and blue jeans. All eyes had been on her. Even if they weren't single, they were clearly open to ogling her, given the expressions she had seen. And probably more. After all, four of her fuck buddies had had girlfriends. Didn't mean they weren't open to variety.

A ready-made booty call list. This building really did have all the amenities. Her pussy was wet as she pondered the idea of working her way through the group. Over and over again.

A couple days later, a sunny weekend day inspired her to tackle one of her top choices. No sooner did she have the idea than she was out her door and in front of his.

"Oh, hey," Steven said as he opened the door. "Thanks for the other night. It was great to meet everyone." He was a tall, gawky brunette. With large hands and feet.

"Oh, sure. Listen, can I ask kind of a weird favor?"

"Uh, sure?"

"I noticed it's a sunny day and I'd love to just bask in the sun for a bit. It's so rare in Seattle, and I moved from L.A. Your balcony probably has great exposure. Would it be okay if I caught some rays here?" He looked surprised. "I know. Weird, right? I won't bother you; I'll bring a book." She put on her best earnest hopeful look.

"Uh, okay, sure."

"Thanks! Back in a sec."

When she knocked again, his eyes almost popped out of his head. She smiled. She was wearing sunglasses, a sun hat, and a skimpy blue string bikini. She also had a beach towel and a book and a bottle of suntan lotion.

"Thanks so much again," she said. "I really miss L.A.'s sunlight." She pushed into his apartment. It was spare. A TV and PS4, a gaming PC in the corner, a laptop on the table. No books or art. She shrugged to herself. She didn't need someone erudite to put a cock in her.

She lay out her beach towel, bending over so he'd get a good look at her ass. Then she proceeded to rub herself all over with suntan lotion. She snuck peeks at him. He was doing his best to gawk at her without being obvious. He wasn't doing a good job.

"You should come out here," she said. "You have such a great view!" It was true, but that wasn't the view she meant. He nervously walked out. The balcony wasn't very big, so he couldn't hide that he was looking at her. He feigned nonchalance as she squirted lotion onto her hands and began to rub it on her barely covered chest. But his body was betraying him, and she squirmed as she saw his erection grow. Big hands and feet indeed.

"It is great," he said with a nervous gulp. Soon she settled down, facing up, on the beach towel. 

"I'm so glad you were home," she said. "I don't know how Seattle people deal with this."

"Heh. I'm from Portland. This seems like home."

They exchanged pleasantries. He was in tech. She told him she was, too, but she didn't offer details. His cock was swelling as he stood looking down at her. 

"Hey, can I get you something to drink?" he asked. "Water? Beer?"

"A beer would be great," she said. "You're a good host for the weird girl down the hall." She laughed.

He came back with a beer bottle, and she turned herself over, propping herself up with her elbows. He sat down, which let him not only see her ass but her breasts hanging down. She picked up her book.

"What are you reading?"

"Godel, Escher, Bach," she said. "I read it every year or so."

"Oh." Shit. She should have brought some pulp romance.

"Have you read it?"

"Uh, I started it at one point." An awkward pause.

"Yeah, it's pretty dense," she said.

She changed tactics. "So are you a gamer? What do you play?" He pepped up.

"A lot of Overwatch right now. Have you played it?"

"Not yet. Work keeps me pretty busy. Usually I like to just read or do something else totally not connected to computers."

"Uh, I could show you how to play sometime."

"Oh, you're very kind. I might take you up on that." She wriggled her bottom, pretending to get more comfortable.

"Uh, could you excuse me for a bit?"

"Sure thing."

She saw him go to the bathroom. And didn't think anything of it until she heard a low, guttural groan drift to the patio. Well, why wouldn't he jack off?

She flipped herself over and he came out to talk. But then he got a call and had to take it. He stood in the living room, looking out to the balcony. She tuned him out.

"Hey, sorry," he said, poking his head out. "I've got to log in to work and fix something in production." She rolled herself again, leaving her face down.

"No worries. I'll just be reading."

It took him about half an hour to fix the issue, and then he came out again. "Another beer?"

"That would be great." But when he brought it out she said, "Easy come, easy go, here, huh?" She waved at the sky. The sun had disappeared behind clouds and it didn't look like it was coming out anytime soon. Well, it had been an hour or so.

She stood up and bent over to pick up her stuff. 

"I guess I should stop hanging around your balcony. At least I got some sunning time in. Probably all I'll get this year."

He grinned. "Probably. But, hey, you can finish your beer at least." She raised it in a toast. "Very kind," she said.

She sat down on his couch and he sat down near her, turned toward her. She took a swig of the beer and set it on a coaster on his table, leaning over so her breasts would swing down again.

She leaned back and looked at him.

"Well, I'm glad you got a chance to enjoy the view," she said.

"Yeah, I don't get out there often enough."

"All those hills and valleys," she said. He gulped and nodded.

"You know, I really am grateful for the sun deck," she said.

"It was my pleasure," he said with a wobbly grin.

She gave a small pout. "Doesn't have to be past tense," she said. He raised his eyebrows; she didn't give him time to ponder her meaning. She leaned forward. "You don't have to just look at the view." She lightly kissed him on the lips. He eagerly kissed her back. She pulled away and turned around. "That bow will come undone if you tug a string." She felt his hand on her back. And then she felt the bow tugging. Then it sagged open.

"There's one at the neck, too," she said pulling her hair aside. Another tug, and that knot was undone. She held the top up with her free hand and turned around again. "Let's talk hills," she said with a grin as she tossed the top aside, exposing her large naked breasts.

"Holy shit."

"You've been a very generous host."

"Uh, thanks."

"And I think you'll find I'm a very gracious guest." She grabbed one of his hands and pulled it against her tits. He moaned, and so did she. God, this felt good. She rocked forward and kissed him deeply as he caressed her naked chest. Then she pushed forward more and dangled her tits over him. He pushed his head up and sucked hard.

This wasn't going to take long. She was already panting in pleasure.

"Do you want to fuck here or on your bed," she said.

"Oh, god. Here." She kissed him again and slid one of his hands to the left bow on her bikini bottom. She was already tugging it down. Ssss, went the string. And then the other. She grabbed the fabric and tossed it aside.

"Let's do it. Right now." She reached her hand down to his bulging cock. "You're ready." He nodded and quickly unbuttoned his pants, tugging them down as he lifted his ass.

Well, well. As she suspected. A nice long cock. She wriggled herself so her pussy was right over it. She grabbed the hard cock. "Now let's talk valleys," she said. And she pushed herself onto him. He kept sucking and kneading her tits as she slid onto him. God a real cock felt so good. Even the best dildos — and she could afford very nice ones — didn't compare. She pushed herself down and down, getting that nice cock deep inside of her.

She began to rise up and sink down, thrusting him into her. He was moaning with pleasure. She was, too. It really had been a while. Normally it took her a while to orgasm. But she could tell she was close.

"Oh, god, your big cock feels so nice. Oh, yes. Yes!" As she fucked him, she reached down and stroked her clit. The cliff was coming.

"Oh, yes!" she shouted as she came. "Oh, keep fucking me. Drive that big cock between my legs." He was thrusting as well. He grabbed her hips and pulled her farther down his shaft. "Yes!"

And then he began thrusting harder, and she pushed herself down his cock as far as she could go. She felt the hot rush of his semen flood into her. He let out a groan and shuddered. She kept him between her legs as he softened.

"I loved hearing you jack off in your bathroom," she said. He blushed, and she kissed him. "It was so hot imagining you thinking of me and masturbating. What you were envisioning?" Another kiss. "Was it like this?"

He swallowed. "I pictured you getting naked on your beach towel and letting me take you doggystyle on the deck."

Another kiss. "Intriguing. Keep an eye out for sunny weekends, I guess." And she smiled.

She lifted herself off his flaccid dick and stood up. She could feel his sperm sliding around in her. She held out her hand. "Come on. Let's get to the bedroom." He took her hand and she led the way to his bed. She pushed him onto the mattress and then climbed on, straddling him. She began to push up his shirt, and he took the hint. Now they were both naked.

She leaned forward, perched on all fours as her breasts dangled against his bare chest.

"I wonder if my tits still have suntan lotion on them," she said. And then she slid herself down until his soft cock was right between her breasts. She pressed herself against him. She grabbed each of his hands and put them on a naked breast so that her tits were wrapped around his dick. "Let's find out."

She began to slide back and forth. It didn't take long for him to begin to harden. Ten minutes later, he was hard enough. She rolled next to him and then got up on all fours. She looked at him. "Didn't you say something about doggystyle?"

He didn't waste a second. He got up behind her and thrust into her wet pussy. She moaned.

It took him a while to cum this time, and she came once in the middle of it. At some point, she noticed it had been twenty minutes. They were both panting and grunting. And finally he came again. He collapsed on top of her. But then pulled back, his cock exiting with a slurp, and lay down. She curled up next to him.

"So," she said.

"So."

"I'm not really a dating kind of girl. So this is no-strings-attached sex. Are you okay with that?" 

"Uh, sure. Yeah."

"And, uh, would you be up to random no-strings-attached sex in the future?"

"Yes, definitely!"

"Mmm, well I think I'm going to like it here."

* * *

Wednesday night. She was on the treadmill in the building's gym. She felt a thrill as she picked up her phone and started texting. The fuck buddy list was only one strong, but it was there.

"Hey."

"Hey."

"I'm in the gym. About to head back to my place and take a shower. How about you come over in half an hour?"

"Yes!"

"How about this. I'll suck your dick dry if you eat out my pussy. Deal?"

"YES!"

"See you soon, lover."

When her doorbell rang, she opened the door wearing nothing but a towel. As soon as she shut the door, she let it fall. 

"Oops," she said with a grin.

* * *

She popped the mushroom-onion tart into the oven and wiped her hands on her apron. The salad was tossed but not yet dressed. Ice cream was in the freezer. A simple dinner.

Next on her list was Bill. He was a marathoner. She knew from experience that runners had great stamina in bed. Just the recipe for a weekend night. She had a few other guys in mind if he wasn't in.

She was wearing a t-shirt and jeans. The t-shirt was snug enough that her bra was barely visible. You could even kind of see the lace.

Knock, knock. Two doors down.

The door swung open. Bill had close-cropped hair and a muscular build.

"Oh, hey. Julie, right?" That party had been a great idea.

"Yes. And it's Bill, isn't it?" He nodded. "This is going to sound kind of weird, but I had a date tonight and the guy had to cancel, but I made all this food and thought it shouldn't go to waste. Any chance you want some?"

He looked surprised. "Sure. That's really nice."

"I hate to see good food go to waste, and I don't think the dish will work well as leftovers. So I just thought I'd see if the neighbors wanted any. Come on. You can sit down and have some wine."

"Sure. Uh, let me get my shoes on."

"Pfft. No need. I'm just right there."

"Right. Okay."

She padded down the hall and he followed after her.

"Have a seat," she said, waving at the couch. She popped open the sparkling wine she had bought.

"Whoa. Fancy."

She grinned. "Not really. I like sparkling wine, and it goes well with food. But it does make everything seem like a celebration, right?"

"Totally."

She handed him a glass and sat down on the couch. "Dinner's still about fifteen minutes out."

"Seems like this was quite a date," he said.

She shrugged. "Not to him, I guess."

"Ah, I'm sorry about that. That's a dick move."

"He said it was a production issue at work. Sometimes that happens." She paused. "But if it keeps happening, that suggests a different problem. So I might give him another chance."

"I'm sure there was nothing he could do."

"We've all been there. Nature of the beast, I guess." She asked him about his work.

He was a programmer at Amazon. She was again cagey about what she did, but he kept asking questions until she said, "Sorry; it's a startup in stealth mode. I really can't talk about it." He nodded.

"I get it," he said. And that was that. This was an advantage to a tech-filled fuck list. People could sympathize.

The oven dinged, and she pounced up. She opened the oven, bent herself over, ass towards him, and pulled the tart out. She quickly dressed the salad and set the table.

"Cheers," he said, holding up his flute.

"Cheers. And thanks for being an impromptu dinner guest."

"I'm flattered you asked." Not as flattered as you're going to be, she thought.

He took a bite.

"Wow, this is really good."

"Thanks."

"Like really really good. Did you do restaurant work?"

"Ha, no. I just got obsessed with upping my cooking game a few years back. Wine, too." And she held up her glass. She didn't say that she had enrolled in intense night and weekend courses at professional cooking schools to "up her game." She rarely did things halfway.

They continued to chat over dinner about random things. He was friendly, super into running, and actually well-read. You didn't have be erudite to be a good lay, but it didn't hurt for the small talk. He even offered to clean the kitchen.

"Oh my gosh, you're so sweet. I'd love that. That would be a big help." She excused herself. "I'll be right back." She popped into her bedroom.

He was finishing up when she came out. He glanced at her as he heard her. And then he did more than glance. She was wearing matching pink underwear with lace trim, and nothing else. She didn't have a lot of lingerie — guys were remarkably willing to fuck her regardless of what she was wearing — but on occasion it made sense to trot some out.

"I was hoping to get laid with my date tonight. Would you be willing to fill in on that as well?" She paused and lowered her eyelashes. "I know it's a lot to ask."

"Uh, god. No. That's fine. Are you sure?"

She crooked her finger and began walking down the hall to her bedroom. She looked back over her shoulder. "Follow me, and let's find out."

When they were in her bedroom, she kissed him enthusiastically. He was startled at first, but quickly got into it. It didn't take long for his hands to wander up and down her body. She broke free for a moment.

"Take off your clothes and get in bed," she murmured. She smiled as he got naked and lay down, his cock thrusting into the air.

"Well, this is going to be very fun," she said. He smiled and gently rested his hand on his cock.

"Do you want this, baby?"

"Oh, I do."

"Maybe you should show me those pretty tits, then."

"Mmm. I think that can be arranged." Still standing at the foot of the bed, she looked right at him and reached between her breasts to undo the hook in front. She slowly undid it, and then let the bra fall open as she shrugged it down her shoulders.

"Those are indeed pretty tits. Maybe you could give my cock a little kiss, huh?"

"Mmm, maybe." She climbed onto the bed, straddling his legs. She leaned her head down and gently kissed the tip of his naked cock.

"Oh, that feels good, baby. How about some tongue on that?" She gently licked up his shaft, and he moaned.

"Ever since that little party, I've been thinking of what you'd look like with my dick in your mouth."

"No need to imagine it," she said. And she slid her mouth down his cock. He groaned loudly.
