 I leaned up to Alicia's ear and said, "Let's make love with her, OK?" She smiled and got off my lap. Alicia grabbed herself and ran to the bathroom as our cum began to run down her leg.

I moved over to Margaret and slipped my arm around her and said, "I didn't know you were coming over, If I had we could have waited for you". She responded, "well, I am here now, show me what you can do with that thing."

I kissed her and when our lips met I almost forgot that she is 60ish. Her lips opened and she kissed me with the enthusiasm of a teenage virgin. I was completely taken by surprise, and enjoyed it very much. We kissed deeply and I began to brush her sides with my hands and touch her breasts through her blouse. She started breathing more quickly and I knew she was sexually excited. I couldn't help thinking of this as a self defense action…A mercy fuck if you will. But, I also couldn't help feeling somewhat aroused and excited by this old gal's enthusiasm.

As we kissed Alicia returned from the bathroom and began to unbutton Margaret's blouse. "Mama Margaret, Is this OK? Can I take this off for you?" 

"Ummmph, OK, yes, Uhhm Huuhmh" as her hand found my half hard cock still slick with cum. She began to move her hand back and forth and grip me firmly as I felt myself hardening for her.

I began fucking her mouth with my tongue. Very slowly, very sexy, licking her tongue and lips as my tongue moved gently, slowly in and out. Her breathing changed and became ragged with deep breaths interspersed between short gasps as we enjoyed her first sexy kiss in years.

I moved my arm so Alicia could remove her blouse and bra, then pulled Margaret to me, flesh against flesh. I could feel the softness of her body as I pulled her to me.

Margaret stepped out of her slacks as Alicia dropped them to the floor. Then she stepped out of her panties and was as naked as Alicia and I were.

Alicia led us over to the table and pushed Margaret back against it and helped her lay down on it. I continued to Kiss her and lick her neck and ear lobes. Then I picked up one of her breasts and moved my lips down to the nipple and sucked it into my mouth. I licked the hardening nipple and bit it firmly as I felt Margaret squirm and heard her gasp. I felt Alicia's head near mine and glanced over to see that she had the other breast in her mouth. 

I moved my left hand down her stomach and could feel the folds of flesh on her aged body, but did not hesitate. I stroked her and caressed her and lifted her left leg so the foot was on the edge of the table, which opened her up for me.

I continued to stroke her stomach and the inside of her leg, being careful to let my fingertips drag through her bush and gently touch her opening, moistening lips. My hand bumped into Alicia's and I realized that she was giving Margaret as much attention as I was and could hear Margaret murmuring both of our names in passion. "Oh, Alicia, Sam, My God that feels wonderful". I moved from her breast back up to her neck and lips as I kissed her with open mouth and busy tongue. I heard Margaret murmur "Oh, Alicia, That is wonderful. Don't stop. God that feels good." 

I looked up to see that Alicia had her face buried in Margaret's pussy. She was tonguing Margaret and sucking on her clit very slowly and sexily. So, I continued to kiss and stroke Margaret until I felt her muscles began to contract and her body becan to buck. She lifted her ass off the edge of the table and pushed it into Alicia's face and began to tremble and shake.

Her orgasm left her gasping and shaken, but she said, "Alicia, That was wonderful. Thank you, Sweetheart. I never had a woman eat me before. You're the greatest! God that was terrific".

Then I moved to the end of the table and lifted her legs to open her up for my cock. I pushed the head inside slowly and she lifted her ass to help me enter her. I buried my cock to the hilt and heard her quick intake of breath. I was amazed, she was tighter than I would have thought she could be. She felt wonderful wrapped around my cock.

I began to fuck her slowly and when I bottomed out, I pushed firmly and felt/heard her react with passion and pleasure.

Then she began to fuck me back. The same enthusiasm that I felt when I kissed her lips was present again. She lifted her ass off the table with each stroke we made. She pushed harder with each upward motion and I could feel that she was approaching another orgasm. Margaret began to moan, "Oh, my God. Oh, Yes, Sam. Fuck me. Fuck me, Sam. Fuck me. Fuck me, Sam. Fuck Me. Oh, God that feels wonderful. Fuck me deeper. Give it to me. I want to feel your cock deeper. OOOHHH GOOOODDD, Sammmm. I'm Cummmiiinnngggg. OHHHH, YES!!"

Then she lay back and her body became lethargic as she completed her orgasm.

I lifted her and moved over to the couch. I held her in my arms and Alicia and I stroked her and caressed her and mumbled how much we loved her and how wonderful she was for having sex with us.

Alicia said, "Sam, I'm so Hot. I need you again". I took her arm and pulled her to me. She straddled my cock and slipped it into her pussy. She began to fuck me slowly in long strokes. When my cock was fully inserted, she rotated her hips and rubbed her clit against my pubic hair. When it was nearly out she squeezed it with her pussy muscles. While her pussy was gripping me she made her down stroke. To rotate her ass and rub her clit on me again and again.

She began to bounce faster. Her breathing got faster, she closed her eyes and rolled her head back and moaned. I reached forward and sucked a nipple into my mouth and began to nip it with my teeth and as she moaned louder, I bit harder. I felt Margaret move and noticed that she had Alicia's other nipple in her mouth and was licking, sucking and biting it as well.

Margaret placed her hand on Alicia's stomach and began to purr and hum as she stroked her stomach. Her finger found its way to Alicia's clit and began to rub it gently while Alicia was fucking me. It only required a few minutes of this to push Alicia over the edge and she crashed into an orgasm.

She slammed her cunt down on my cock and ground it against me. "Oh, GOD! Sam, FUCK ME, I'm Cumming. I'm Cummmmmming" 

"OohhhGOD Mama Margaret. Kiss me. YES!!, I'm Cummming." Margaret released her breast and kissed her full on the lips and slipped her tongue in Alicia's mouth. Alicia continued to grind against me and buck her body against my cock until her spasms faded.


Margaret continued to kiss her and stroke her and caress her as she recovered from her orgasm.

Then they both turned to me and started kissing my cock. They licked their cum from it and sucked it the head into their mouths and found a rhythm that drove me completely crazy.

While Alicia licked my balls and bit the base of my cock, Margaret sucked the head into her mouth and buried it as deed as she could in her throat. Then she slipped her mouth off my cock as she licked and sucked her way to the top. As she sucked and licked her way down the shaft to my cock base, Alicia sucked and licked her way to the tip and slowly slipped her mouth over the head. She sucked and licked her way down as she inserted the full shaft in her mouth, allowing the head of my cock to slide past her tonsils. 

As I watched this action and felt the intensifying passion rising in my body, I began to encourage them and beg, "Oh, My, God, Yes. Suck my cock, Lick my cock, God Damn that feels good, Jeesuusss, Don't stop. That's wonderful. Oh, Margaret, you do that so well. Sweet Jeesuusss, Alicia, that's the best. Oh GOD. I'm goiinto Cumm. I'm CUmmmMMMinggg."

As I emptied my load I noticed that Margaret's mouth was over my cock. She was licking and sucking like this was the best she had ever had and I knew that it was terrific for me.

Margaret allow some of my cum to run down my cock shaft and Alicia licked and sucked it into her mouth and swallowed all that Margaret let her have. Margaret was swallowing some and continueing to lick my cock until there was no more cum to drink.

Then Margaret and Alicia turned toward each other and kissed, exchanging tongues and exchanging my cum between their mouths.

They lay down on the floor and positioned themselves for 69 and began to lick and suck each other's pussy. They must have been hot from giving me that blow job, or from the "taboo" of woman/woman sex, or the pent up anticipation, or something, because even after all the sexual activity they both reached their orgasms in only a few minutes. They very nearly reached orgasm at the same time, but Margaret burried her face in Alicia's pussy and I could hear a moan rise from her deepest recesses of her bowels as she approached her peak. She arched her back and forced her pussy down into Alicia's face as she sucked her clit into her mouth and groaned, "MMMMNNNNPPPPHHHH AAAHHH, MMMMNNNNPPPPHHHH AAAHHH MMMMNNNNPPPPHHHH AAAHHH, MMMMNNNNPPPPHHHH AAAHHH" as she had her orgasm and her cum dribbled out of her pussy into Alicia's mouth.

As her orgasm was ending, Alicia bowed her back to press her pussy harder against Margaret's mouth and quickly crashed into her own orgasm while she breathlessly said, "My,….God….Mama…..Margaret… ..You suck, My Pussy…..so….goooooooddddddssssssssshhhiiiitttt."

I held them both in my arms as they slowly stopped trembling and gasping for breath. Then I left them holding each other and showered to remove the cum, sweat and sexual aroma so I could dress and get back to my office.

They showered together and were dressed and had my office furniture straightened before Suzie came in from work. They both went upstairs to visit with her for a while before going home.