 This story was inspired by a good friend of mine. He challenged me to write a story based on him and his job. Matt I hope I did you proud and you enjoyed reading it before I put it on here.

******

Terri stood looking at the double doors in front of her. Taking a deep breathe she smoothed down an imaginary wrinkle in her skirt and placed one heeled foot in front of the other. The entrance was cool and dim compared to the warmth and light outside. It took a few minutes for her eyes to adjust and it was then she saw the woman at the desk.

"Hi can I help you?" the woman asked smiling at her. 

"I'm not sure really. To be honest I think I should have called first but I was passing and thought I would just pop in and see if I could speak to someone." Terri realised she sounded like she was babbling on so she quickly closed her mouth and smiled back at the woman. She had driven past the fire station everyday on her way to school and now the children were learning about fire in their science lessons she had thought it would be a good idea to arrange a visit.

The woman smiled back at her and Terri decided it was okay to breath.

"I can get someone to speak to you if you have time to wait. I'm sure one of the guys is free." As she spoke the door opened and a young guy walked through it. Terri caught her breath and realised if the others looked like him she could be in trouble. 

"Hey Matt is there any chance you can have a chat with this woman. She looks a bit lost but I'm sure you can put her right." The woman winked at him and he grinned back at her.

Oh boy, thought Terri, I'm in serious trouble here. That smile was gorgeous.

The guy turned and smiled at her and Terri almost melted. Warm brown eyes that seemed to hold a secret twinkle in them stared back at her and dimples edged a smile that was cheeky and boyish. He couldn't be more than twenty three, she thought.

"Hi I'm Matt, how can I help you?"

Don't look so gorgeous would be a start, thought Terri, but instead she smiled and said "Hi I'm Terri and I was wondering if it was possible to arrange a school trip for my pupils. We are discovering fire in the science lesson and as I pass here every day," not to mention drool over you guys, "I was wondering if the children could come and visit."

Terri knew she was babbling on but she couldn't help herself. Matt was gorgeous and playing havoc with her libido. Slender with dark brown hair and toned muscles he didn't look like a fireman but she knew that looks could be deceptive. He was obviously capable of doing his job otherwise he wouldn't be here, still he blew away the vision in her head.

"If you have the time I could give you a quick tour now."

"Well if it's not too much trouble that would be nice."

"Nothing is too much trouble for you." And his eyes seemed to skim over her body as he spoke. Terri blushed feeling the heat rise to her cheeks and the goose-bumps cover her arms. Deep in the pit of her stomach she felt the butterflies start and her clit throbbed loudly. Oh boy was he a flirt, she decided.

Leading her through the doors, he had just a minute ago come through himself, he led her down a corridor. Either side doors led from it and on the wall the printer that the fire jobs came in on. Terri listened as he explained how it worked but she took none of it in. Instead she watched as his hands pointed to it and she wondered just how they would feel on her body. She loved a guy in uniform and he was no exception to that. Slim built he was toned and his neat brown hair called to be ruffled by her fingers. Sighing quietly she imagined him in full kit, blackened by smoke and smelling sweaty from work.

A hand placed on the small of her back brought her back to reality. His small touch sent a shock of awareness through her body and she could feel her nipples harden through her blouse.

"Follow me please." Matt said. He watched closely as the woman blushed and he knew she had been thinking of him. She was beautiful and he knew he had to have her. Slender with curves accented by the clothes she was wearing and long brown hair tied into a loose bun on the back of her head made her look like a secretary. Her pencil slim skirt showed her legs off to perfection and the heels she wore said fuck me. The black nylons she wore made him wonder if they were tights or stockings. Leaving his hand on the small of her back he led her further into the station.

"So how many are here at any one time?" Terri asked.

"In this station just the five of us. It's not very big and we only have the one truck. The bigger station has more trucks but still only the five firemen but they do have support staff doing various other roles."

"I see. So this station is a small station compared to some?"

"Yes that's right."

As they spoke Matt continued to lead her further down the corridor. Opening a door he allowed her to go first watching as her hips swayed from side to side. His fingers itched to hold on to them as his cock pushed against her pert bottom. Fisting his hands down by his sides he stopped himself from reaching to touch her instead holding the door open for her.

"And this is the rest room. This is where we spend our time when we are waiting for a call. All the doors leading from it are for kit storage, offices and of course the main bay where the truck is kept."

Terri looked around the room surprised to see how neat and tidy it was. In her head it was a man's cave with dirty tables, half empty mugs of coffee and various men's magazines strewn around. Instead it was cleaner than her own pristine flat. No empty mugs, no magazines and no slobs lying around. 

"No tv?" she asked turning to face him. She blushed as she realised he had been looking her over and he could feel his cock waking up from the thoughts in his head.

"No, that's upstairs in the t.v room. We can go there later and say hi to the other guys here. I'm sure they would love to meet you." He knew they would love to meet her as much as he was now and he knew some would be having the same thoughts as he was at this moment. Thoughts of her with her skirt up and bent over the chair she was leaning against now, her hands caressing his erection as her hands were smoothing her skirt down now. Or her mouth taking in his cock as she knelt in front of him. In his trousers his cock grew harder and he didn't care if she could see it.

Terri watched as Matt looked at her and she could feel the tension between them mounting. She wanted him and from the look on his face he wanted her as well. The large bulge in his trousers told her he wanted to fuck her and she almost drooled at the thought of releasing it from the the confines of his trousers.

"Would you like to see the bay where we keep the truck?" Matt eventually said.

"I would love to see where you keep the hoses." Terri replied her eyes slowly lowering to his crotch. The innuendo was not lost on Matt and his cock twitched violently. 

"Just push that door open and go through, I'm sure I can find a hose for you to look at." He smiled her and indicated the door she was to go through. Behind her he had an unhindered view and he watched as she walked. The tight material of her skirt clinging to her ass made her hips sway sexily from side to side and once again he imagined her bent over a chair as he caressed it before lowering her panties down and undoing his trousers. A moan escaped his lips at the thought and she turned to look at him one eyebrow raised.

Inside the bay the tap tap tap of her heels broke the silence and putting his hand on the small of her back he slid it lower resting it on her bottom. Together they walked over to the truck and he waited for her to move away from him. Instead she pushed against it slightly, the small move telling him she liked what he was doing.

The truck stood large and proud in the bay. Its gleaming red and yellow paint telling the world what job it did. Doors on either side were open and kit placed in front of it.

"Why is the kit set out like that?"

"It saves time when we get a call out. Each fireman has his own kit that he maintains. When he starts his shift he collects it and brings it here to the truck, coats on pegs and trousers tucked into boots. Ready for action so to speak."

"Oh I see. Are you always ready for action Matt?"

"Always."

"That I can imagine." Terri said as she looked at him.

"What else can you imagine?" his voice came out thick with need and he took a step closer to her. The smell of her perfume in his nose mixed with the smell of her shampoo.

"Lots and lots of things." With that she turned and walked to the truck. "Can I climb on board?"

I want you on board my cock, thought Matt, as he walked over to her.

"Sure, can you manage?"

"I think so." Terri realised she wouldn't be able climb onto the truck without lifting her skirt up and wished she had worn something different instead for her impromptu visit. But she hadn't realised she would be scrambling into a fire truck when she had dressed that morning.

Taking a deep breath she pulled her skirt up and hope he couldn't see the tops of her stockings. Behind her Matt watched as she raised her skirt and almost groaned loudly as he saw she was wearing stockings beneath it. Stockings meant one thing to him and that was they were attached to a suspender belt.

Above in the empty kit room eyes watched Matt and the woman in the bay.

Terri tried to climb into the truck but her skirt was still in the way. Hitching it further up she knew that by now he could see what she was wearing under her skirt. Embarrassed but turned on as well she pulled it up even more until she could step into the truck without help. 

Matt watched her struggle but did nothing to help. He was turned on by her as she pulled her skirt even higher until he could see everything she was wearing underneath. Black stockings were held up by a matching suspender belt topping creamy skin and a glimpse further up told him she was wearing matching panties. Stepping forward he knew he had to have her. Climbing up behind her into the small space he did nothing to hide the erection in his trousers.

The close confines of the truck meant moving was difficult but Matt was used to small spaces and he needed her against him. As she tried to stand up he reached round and pulled her to him.

"What are you doing?" Terri exclaimed.

"I'm doing what I know you want me to do." Matt whispered in her ear.

"And what is that?"

"This." And in one move he ripped her panties from her body. "You came in here determined to turn a fireman on and this is what you get for your efforts."

Feeling round her front he undid the buttons on her top and pulled it from the waistband of her skirt. Pulling it off her shoulders he trailed kisses down her back before undoing the clasp on her bra.

Terri had never been so turned on before. This man was tearing her clothes from her and it was making her wet. She could feel her juices run from her as his hands touched her body. Wanting nothing more than to feel him deep inside her she parted her legs inviting him to take her as he saw fit. The tiny space and heated exchange was erotic and exciting. With the smell of smoke seeming to linger in the air around them Terri groaned loudly. What was it that made her so horny? Why was she allowing a stranger to fuck her? She didn't know and she didn't care. All she wanted was release, release from the constant throbbing of her clit, release from the thoughts inside her head and the release of her own orgasm. With each thought she could hear Matt behind her and the unmistakeable sound of a zipper being undone.

Matt could not have stopped if he had tried and he wasn't about to try. Bent over and holding onto the sides for dear life he watched as she parted her legs and he could see her juices run down her legs. Her smell mingled with the smell of the truck making him even harder. Freeing his cock from his trousers he stood behind her and pushed against her opening. He could feel the heat emanating from her and he couldn't wait to encase his hardness in her.

"What are you waiting for, fuck me."

Plunging into her he grunted and he heard her own groan fill the air. There was nothing gentle about the way he took her and he didn't care. He knew that this was what she wanted and he wanted it as well. Her pussy felt warm and tight as he thrust into her and she held on tightly to the sides as he plundered it. Moans filled the air and she pushed back on to him her unfettered breasts bouncing with each thrust.

Outside in the kit room the eyes watched and a hand opened a zipper.

Terri felt full. Her pussy was throbbing as Matt fucked her and she wanted more. Pushing back she took him crying out as he pushed deeper inside her.

"Oh god fuck me Matt." She whispered catching her breath once more. This was raw and animalistic sex nothing like how she normally made love. No this was pure lust and it was hot. Bracing herself she took each thrust deeper feeling his balls hit her as they fucked. The smell around them was intoxicating.

A slap shocked her and she cried out loud as it landed. A mewling sound filled the air and she released it was coming from her. Louder and louder she got her cries echoing around the truck.

"Harder."

Deep in the pit of his stomach he could feel his orgasm building and with each push of her hips it got stronger and stronger. Trying to ignore it he concentrated on something other than the feel of her warm wet pussy surrounding his cock. 

Terri wanted release. Her orgasm was in front of her and she knew she wanted it but didn't want it all at the same time. Reaching between her legs she felt for her clit and began to stroke it. The feeling built within her with each stroke and she pushed harder against the cock buried deep inside of her. Like a tight spring coiled inside her stomach getting ever tighter she knew that she was going to cum and she thrust back even harder. Feeling his cock once again slide inside she let the spring uncoil and the orgasm wash over her. Crying out she shuddered and felt her muscles clench as it washed over her.

"OH god yesssssssss."

Matt felt her release and pulling out let his own orgasm erupt from him. He watched as his cum landed on her back and he collapsed against her feeling the stickiness soak into his skin.

For what seemed like ages they lay against one another spent but both satisfied.

In the empty kit room eyes watched and a hand stroked the shaft of a cock as balls tightened ready to release. Faster and faster it got as the scene in the bay unfolded. From his angle he had seen everything and he could feel himself about to cum. With Matts release over her back his own landed on the window and he cursed as he looked at it. Damn he would have to clean that up soon before it dried. Watching as Matt and the woman exited the vehicle and left the area he quickly tidied both himself and the window before leaving the room.

Ten minutes later he was back in the TV room drinking a coffee and trying to calm down. Looking up as the door opened he wasn't surprised to see Matt walk in. Grabbing a coffee Matt sat down and looked over at his friend.

"Damn Matt your girlfriend his one hot bitch."

"I know."