 Copyright (c) 2018 James Miehoff, All Rights Reserved. 

This work may not be published whether for fee or free without this copyright.

------------------

This is one of a series of stories set in what I call Universe-J. Universe-J is very much like this universe with a few exceptions. 

First the people tend to be a little more sexual and less hung up on sex that they are in our universe. This does not mean that monogamy is the exception. James and Heather were monogamous for a significant amount of time before they "accidentally" swapped partners.

Second the repercussions of unprotected sex are less severe than our universe. Not to say that STDs and unexpected pregnancies don't occur, just that they occur less frequently and in the case of STDs, a good shot of antibiotic will put you right again. HIV has yet to be introduced so STDs aren't a death sentence there.

Lastly, pedophilia and incest (which I will not be writing about) are virtually unknown. Children are to be protected and loved not abused. When they reach the age of consent, they can join in the adult games if they so desire, but there is no pressure on them to do so.

------------------

Prologue -- I Blame Social Media

They say you always remember your first. I used to call bullshit whenever somebody said that, but now I am not so sure. And I blame social media for that.

An old friend from high school found me on a popular social media site and sent me a connect message. The name was familiar but I couldn't place it until I went to his page and high school flooded back. After that we chatted a few times over the next couple of weeks and then he asked the question that made my head explode, "Do you remember Becky [last name redacted]?"

Holy Shit! It came back like a ton of bricks from a third story window. 

Hell yeah I remembered Becky. It was senior year and I was killing it. I had just turned 18 and I joined a bunch of clubs and took three honors courses to pad my resume for college. It was after a science club meeting that my life changed forever. 

As I walked out the door, I heard somebody crying on Make Out Bench, so named because it was screened on all sides by a tall hedge and people used to make out on it. In this case, it was Becky that was sitting there crying. 

Becky was the hottest girl in school. 5 foot 6 with long blonde hair a perfect complexion (yes that was important back then) and 36C or D cup tits. 

I admit I had wanked off to fantasies of her on many occasions. 

I stepped out into the open and asked her what was wrong. 

At first she said, "Oh nothing", but when I called bullshit, she started to talk and it flooded out. 

She was scared because she had taken the same honors courses I did and mid-terms were coming up and she was sure she was going to fail and not get into college and she fucked up her life and then she started to cry again. 

I still am not sure how it happened but I found myself sitting next to her and holding her and she let me. 

She smelled so good and felt so good, I damn near came in my pants. 

When she stopped crying she sniffled and said, "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to spazz out on you like that."

I didn't know what to say, so I opened my mouth and, "Would you like to come home and study with me? I can't guarantee it will help much, but studying with someone beats crying on your books all by yourself," came out of my mouth. 

She hesitated and then agreed and we walked to my house, which was a block away from the school.

The first night we studied math, since she said it was her worst subject. I had to sit next to her and every so often I got a peek down her sweater at the lacy thin bra covering those beautiful tits. 

By nine o'clock I had gone into the bathroom and wanked off twice. 

When she asked for some help after I got back the second time, I glanced down her sweater and THE BRA WAS GONE. I could see her nipples and everything!?! 

I nearly blacked out. Once I finished sitting down she leaned over and whispered in my ear, "Did you like what you saw?" 

I nodded blushing furiously, busted. 

She continued, "That was to say thank you for helping me." 

I was speechless.

For the next hour we played a little game of "Can you help me?" and I would get another glance down into heaven. 

Just before 11 she gave a little squeal and turned and kissed me. On the LIPS and gave me a hug squeezing those perfect mounds against my chest. I must have looked shocked (probably because I was) and she started bouncing up and down in her chair (which mesmerized me) and finally stopped and looked me in the eyes and said, "Thank you. I understand this stupid stuff with the X's and Y's now. It's so simple now. Your explanation finally made sense. Can we take a break and go get some air before I have to go home."

We went out on the back porch where there was a wooden glider in the darkest corner. Becky sat down and pulled me down beside her and kissed me again. 

I got to FIRST BASE with the hottest girl in school. Unbelievable. Nobody will believe me. As I started to relax and enjoy this moment, her tongue slid between my lips and her hand grabbed mine and slid it up under her sweater onto her bare silky exquisite naked breast. 

My brain screamed, "SECOND BASE," before shutting down to enjoy the sensations. 

Just then the back door creaked and we jumped apart. Becky smoothed down her sweater and I called out, "We're over here," as my Mom's head came around the door. 

"It's almost 11 o'clock," she said "We need to get Becky home. You guys have school tomorrow." 

I stood up and turned to help Becky up, trying anything to get my hardon to go down. 

We went in, packed Becky's stuff up and took Becky home. On the way over, Mom asked the question I was afraid to ask, "Will you be studying with James tomorrow night?"

"If he doesn't mind, I would love to," she said and then paused. "But I have cheerleading until seven, if you don't mind a late start." 

She was so beautiful chewing her lower lip. 

"Perfect," I said. "I have debate until seven. I'll meet you by the front doors and we can walk home."

The next night was English Lit. She was gorgeous in a tight white t-shirt that revealed more than it concealed. But we did get a lot of studying done and decided to take a break about ten thirty. We headed out to the glider again, but this time she stopped me before I sat down,"Just stand in front of me," she whispered ,"and you will get your reward." 

I didn't know she was talking about but did what I was told. As soon as she sat down I felt her hands gently unzip me and she reached into my jeans and with a little difficulty pulled out my cock and whispered, "Oh my, it is bigger than I imagined."

She then proceeded to feel the length with her delicate fingers. I'm sure my eyes were rolling into the back of my head and then she slipped the head of my cock into her mouth. It was unlike anything I had ever felt. Even jacking off with plenty of soap in the shower didn't feel that good. 

And just as quickly as she started, I hissed through my teeth,"I think I'm gonna come."

She pulled her mouth off just long enough to say, "Good. Please come in my mouth," and she began stroking my cock with her hand and swirling her tongue around the head of my cock and just like that, I transformed into a firehose blasting shot after shot of hot sperm into her mouth. 

I went up on my toes and every muscle in my body clenched in time to those ejaculations. It seemed to last forever, but finally the spurts stopped and Becky used her thumb to milk the last of my cum into her mouth. 

When my cock started to soften she reversed the initial process sliding my shrinking cock back into my pants and zipping me up. While I stood there catching my breath she stood up from her seat on the glider and kissed me and slid her tongue into my mouth. This time it had a funny salty taste and I realized she was sharing a little of my cum with me. 

Just then, the door creaked and my Dad stuck his head out and said, "It's eleven and I think we need to get Becky home." 

I turned and lied, "We were just coming in." 

When the door shut, Becky whispered into my ear, "Tomorrow it is my turn." 

I had no idea what she meant but I was willing to learn. I am just not sure what base that just was.

The third night was history. We should have had the house to ourselves for a little while, but Mom was home early. She wasn't feeling well, so she threw a frozen pizza in for us and went into the living room to lie down. 

We headed in to study and got into a fight about the importance of the Reformation in European history. Becky had just packed her bag and was ready to walk home when Mom came in. She looked at Becky and said, "Sit". 

Mom looked at me and said, "Apologize". 

I looked at her pained expression and said, "I'm sorry Mom, I didn't mean for it to get so loud. We ...," and Mom cut me off, "Don't apologize to me you asshole. Apologize to Becky. She's right. You're wrong. Apologize." 

Both Becky and I stood there blinking. 

"Apologize" she repeated slowly like she was spelling it out. 

I turned to Becky and said, "I am sorry for disagreeing with you. It appears I was being an ass and doing it badly. Will you please stay and we can reread that section and have a civilized discussion in a little while." 

I cocked an eye at Mom. She smiled and nodded and said, "If you can't figure it out peacefully, come see me in the living room." Then turned and left.

Becky was still sitting with her eyes wide open and she just looked at me. 

"Mom was a history major in college," I said as if that explained everything. 

We both turned to our books and tried our discussion again a little later. 

Mom came in about then and listened and added a few points and then said, "That sounds like you have a good handle on it. Why don't you take a break to let it soak in? There is some lemonade in the fridge, grab some glasses and go get some air out back. I'm going back to lie down. Come and get me when it is time for Becky to go home," and she left.

In a flash, we were out back and as soon as the door was closed, Becky had her arms around my neck and pulled me in for one of her patented mind blowing kisses. 

I slipped my arms around her and slid them up under her shirt expecting to find her bra and it wasn't there. How does she do that? 

Arms around each other we half walked and I half carried her to the glider. I tried to slide one of my hands around to her front and she whispered, "Not yet. Remember, this is my turn tonight. Get on your knees in front of me while I sit down and then I want you to lick my pussy."

I shrugged and lowered myself in front of her. She sat down on the glider and I ran my hands up her thighs as she slid her butt forward to the edge of the glider bench. I could see in the dim light that she didn't have panties on. When did those disappear? 

I slid my face between her thighs having no fucking clue what I was doing. It was obvious from last night's activities that she knew how to suck a cock, but I knew absolutely nothing about eating pussy.

My eyes got to her pussy before my mouth did and I just stared at it. It was so complicated looking.

Where did you start? 

I started stroking it with my finger and found it was wet and slippery and as I stroked the inside she started to moan and shook a little. I took that as hopeful signs. 

I continued stroking it and then she slid her butt even more forward and she pulled her skirt up around her waist making it easier for me to slide my face closer. My finger had been at the bottom of a stroke when she pulled forward and it slid inside her. 

"Mmmmmm," she moaned. "Lick it. Please. I want to feel your tongue licking my cunt."

So I did. The first thing was I noticed was the heady aroma of her cunt. It didn't smell like anything I had ever smelt before. It smelled awesome. 

So I took a slow lick from the bottom to the top and it tasted even better then it smelled. It was intoxicating how rich and tasty it was. It was a little salty but mostly sweet and delicious. 

I started to pull my finger out and she whispered in a deeper throatier tone than I was used to, "Oh yes. Please finger fuck me while you lick my cunt. I have needed this for days and I am almost ready to explode."

I wasn't sure what she was talking about but I slid my finger back inside her while I licked this interesting little bump at the top of her pussy. 

When I did that she grabbed my head and whispered, "That's the spot. Keep licking me there. I'm starting to come." 

I started licking that little knob with the tip of my tongue and slid my other hand up under her shirt finding her nipple poking straight out. When I squeezed it and licked her pussy, she started to shake. 

It was like she was having a seizure, but she was continuing to whisper, "That's the spot. Keep licking me there and play with my nipple. Oh you beautiful boy you are making me come so hard. Keep doing that. Just like that. Oooooohhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

With that she leaned back on the glider bench, put her legs over my shoulders and lifted her butt off the seat pressing my face harder against her pussy. I pulled my finger out and added a second one causing her to whimper. Then finally it was done and she relaxed. Her butt went back down on the seat and she stopped pressing my face to her cunt. She pulled my face up to hers and before she kissed me, she ran her tongue around my lips and then pressed her lips to mine. 

In shifting positions, my thumb had come up and was now stroking that little bump at the top of her pussy. 

She stiffened a little but then slid her tongue between my lips and murmured, "Keep doing that with your fingers, you are getting me hot again." 

She pulled her head back and placed it near my ear and started whispering instructions and saying dirty things to encourage me and then she shook again and squeezed me tight and I could feel her shaking and shivering as she continued to whisper, this time more desperately, "That's it, keep rubbing my clit and stabbing those fingers in and out of my pussy. Just a little more, I need to finish coming. Ooooohhhh yyyeahhh thaaats it" and an unintelligible squeal and then she slumped down on me.

For just a moment. Then she stood up, pulling me up with her. 

She smoothed down her skirt and started kissing me all over my face saying, "Thank you. Thank you. Thank you," over and over again. 

Finally, I managed to ask, "What did I do?"

"First," she said and kissed me, "you are the only guy who has ever made me cum by eating my pussy." 

Then she kissed me again and said, "Second" and kissed me again. "You are the only guy who has ever gotten me off twice in a row. I don't even do that all that often with my vibrator, never with a guy." 

And she kissed me again. About this time I realized my hand was dripping with something and I didn't have a towel and didn't want to wipe it on my pants so I did the only thing I could think of and started licking my fingers. She stared at me the whole time. 

When I got done, she said, "Third. Nobody has ever licked my pussy juices off their fingers like that. It was so sexy I almost came a third time."

I don't know why but I took my index finger, which had been the first finger inside her and ran it along her lips. She parted her lips and grabbed my hand and slid my finger into her mouth and sucked it like she had sucked on my cock the night before. 

Just then the door started to creak and we stepped apart and made a quick inspection before Mom stepped out and said it was time to get Becky home. So we went back to collect her things and just before we left she excused herself to use the bathroom and when she came out, I knew the panties and bra were back on.

As I helped her out of the car she looked at me and said, "Tomorrow night is the last chance to study, so no breaks. We need to focus. OK?" 

I nodded my head and she gave me a big kiss and she pushed something into my hand. Before I got into the car I glanced at it and hurriedly pushed it into my back pocket. It was her underwear. And they felt a little damp.

That night as I climbed into bed, I pulled out those panties and they were damp all right, right where her pussy would have pressed against them and they smelled so much like her. I fell asleep with them on my pillow by my head. Just before my alarm clock rang, I woke up having the most explosive wet dream of my life. I didn't remember any details but I had filled my underwear with cum and it had shot out with such force that it actually hurt. My balls ached and I lay there for a few minutes before deciding I better go rinse them out before they stained and gave my mother something to worry about.

The last night was here. Tomorrow was midterms. We agreed to quit at 10 and get a good night's sleep. I was depressed. Now that she didn't need me anymore, she would go her way and I would go back to beating my meat to the best memories I'll ever have. At ten we packed up. No break. Then we ran Becky home. 

As I helped her out of the car, she kissed me very wetly and whispered, "For luck for both of us" and she was gone.

I tossed fitfully until I pulled her panties out from under my mattress and her scent helped me drift off to sleep.

Mid-terms were held in the auditorium and we ended up sitting way away from each other. History was first and then a 20 minute break. We could go anywhere on school grounds but most of us went outside to clear our heads. 

The History test was brutal. I saw Becky and some of the other kids outside. We still had a few minutes before the English exam. Becky was standing with some of her girlfriends and she waved me over. 

"Me?" I pantomimed. 

She pointed her finger very declaratively at me and then at the ground by her side. 

Wow. I nonchalantly hurried over.

As I got there, I heard Sally say, "Are you kidding? With him? Oh my gawd."

Not knowing the context, my brain started spinning. Fortunately Becky said, "Yes. I have been studying with James every night for the last 5 days." 

She grabbed my hand and laced our fingers together, then continued, "If it wasn't for him believing in me and helping me, I would have killed myself. That first test was horrible though. So many detailed questions and those essays ..." she just shuddered.  

And that was how I spent my time between tests, standing next to Becky, listening to the chatter of her girlfriends. Occasionally answering questions or commiserating.

After the last test, we were all ushered into the auditorium for a seminar on citizenship and voting until the tests were graded and the results were posted. 

Finally, it was over and the day was done. Just one thing left to do, go see what the grades were. 

Oh Shit! In all the excitement, I didn't let Becky know my parents wouldn't be home tonight. 

She probably had plans to go do something with her friends. I numbly went and looked up my grades. I got an A in history, holy crap. When I found my English Lit score, it was another A. 

Please, please, please I prayed for something good in Math, please. The math gods smiled on me. It turned out to be another A. 

Home run, out of the park, major accomplishment. I started heading for home totally oblivious to the 95 pounds of unbridled energy headed my way. 

Becky knocked me flat when she reached me. Literally. She jumped into my arms at full flat out run and I caught her instinctively and landed flat on my back on the floor with her straddling me. It took almost a minute to get her to stop screaming and make sense. Finally, she took a deep breath and kissed me and then said, "I owe it all to you. I got 2 A's and an A-. I've never done that good. EVER." 
