 If you read my first story, "Titletown Tryst", you'll have a little background on our main character, Marcus. It's not necessary to read that one first, but if you enjoy this one I think you would enjoy that one as well. 

I look forward to hearing any thoughts you might have on the story, and apologize that I accidentally had feedback turned off when I submitted "Titletown Tryst." I thought it was so crazy that the story had over 12,000 hits and not a single response! Whoops. Sorry. All fixed now.

Interestingly both of these stories were inspired by true events in my life and real people, although the sexual parts happened only in my imagination. This is a good thing since I am happily married to a beautiful wife and engaging in such behaviors would get me divorced, killed...or worse. I hope you enjoy and let me know what you think. 

*

The wind chilled Marcus to the bone as he hustled across the parking lot to his SUV. He normally loved the outdoors, even in winter, but today it was bitterly cold despite the bright sun, and he just wanted some warmth.

He had just wrapped up a jobsite visit at a downtown strip mall, and he had an hour before he needed to be on the road to his next meeting. It didn't make sense to drive all the way back to the office so he was looking to kill some time. He scanned the strip mall's signage for lunch options. Krispy Kreme sounded tasty but not very healthy. Then he noticed the hair salon. 

'It's not lunch,' he thought, running his hand through his short blonde hair, 'but I could use a trim.' He changed direction and headed toward the glass storefront. He could see as he approached that there were no customers in the place, just two women by the reception counter. Before his hand was even on the door he took them both in. One, probably the receptionist, was a bit on the heavy side and sported a big, boofy hairdo. She was seated behind the counter. The second, a tall young lady with short curly red hair, stood next to the counter talking with the receptionist.

'Ooh, I hope I get her, she's cute,' his piggish brain couldn't help itself. Actually that wasn't quite fair. He was a gentleman first, and would never say anything offensive to a lady, but his thoughts were his own, and they could be piggish at times. 

She was young, maybe early twenties. She had the creamy white skin of a true redhead. Her auburn red hair hung in curls well above her shoulders, exposing a long, graceful neck. She was taller than average, maybe 5'-8" or so, with the long, athletically trimmed legs of a dancer. Her tight, apple-shaped ass filled out her snug black dress pants nicely. She wore a light cotton apron over a long-sleeved, downy soft, pink pullover sweater with a very low neckline. She wore a string of pearls around her neck that would have seemed a bit out of place with her outfit, if they didn't look so damn good against the bare skin of her neck. 

Her green eyes sparkled with the winter sun as she looked up at him. "Hi, I'm Tina, can I help you?" she asked in a friendly voice. 

"Just need a trim," Marcus quipped back.

She walked behind the counter to the computer. It seemed the receptionist was new and Tina was showing her how to check in a new customer. She had to bend forward to get to the keyboard, and the open neck of her shirt fell away from her chest. 

Marcus' heart skipped a beat as he gazed into her shirt and saw the beautiful round shape of her breasts hanging down from her body. He could see most of the curve of her breast and the lacey white edge of her bra. 

"Can I get your name and phone number, please?" she asked as she glanced up from her work.

'Oh, no,' Marcus thought, 'I am totally busted,' as he shifted his gaze to her face. 

She smiled brightly, giving no indication that she was aware of his schoolboy like gawking.

"Marcus," he spit out, "uh, Marcus Johnson." He looked away as he rattled off his cell phone number. When he looked back to her he maybe caught the tail end of a sly grin as she looked back down to the keyboard. Perhaps it was just his imagination.

"Hmmm, have you been to one of our salons before, Marcus?" her concentration apparently riveted to the screen. She showed the receptionist how to navigate through the data entry system.

"Um, no, I don't think so," he replied. He looked to the side, fighting the urge to gawk some more. He couldn't get caught twice. That would be really embarrassing. 

"I'm sorry, Marcus. It's going to take me a minute or two to get you set up in our system. Is that OK?" she looked up again, drawing his eyes back to her. She explained every step to the trainee as she proceeded. One hand came up to shield here eyes from the glare of the sun, and she watched the new receptionist slowly input the information, key by key.

Marcus tried to look away, but his eyes were drawn to the string of pearls swinging from her neck. And with her hand shielding her eyes from the glare of the sun, it also shielded her eyes from the glare of his glare. His vision was sucked in to her creamy white cleavage like an embattled ship being sucked into the vortex of a whirlpool. This time he was sure he saw the edge of her pretty, pink nipple peaking out from under the white lace of her bra. 

Eventually the receptionist finished the data entry and Tina invited Marcus to follow her. An invitation he did not mind at all as he admired the way her legs and ass moved while she walked in front of him. She led him to the work station in the far back corner and seated him. 

They talked briefly about the kind of cut he wanted and if he was interested in the shampoo and shoulder massage. 'Anything,' he thought, 'to get those beautiful hands on me more would be a good thing.' Piggy!

While seated at the shampoo station he noted that Tina went out of her way to keep the water and shampoo from his eyes. That was fortunate, since it also seemed that she went out of her way to give him ample opportunity to look down her shirt more. At one point, while leaning over him, she slid her hand under the back of his neck to massage and shampoo there. She then (inadvertently?) lifted his head so that the side of her breast pushed firmly against his right cheek. The sensation made his blood rush and he was glad to have the plastic cape draped over him. 

Eventually the heavenly shampoo and massage were over and they returned to the work station for the cutting. She made small talk, as hairdressers do, but Marcus tried to push past that and engage her in more personal topics. He managed a few times to make her blush, but she showed no sign of annoyance or discomfort. He had a few more opportunities to stare at her shapely boobs through her fuzzy pink sweater, but it seemed she'd become more aware of not letting her neckline fall open for him anymore. The one time it did, as she leaned over to brush some trimmings off his shoulder, she pulled back abruptly and gave him a slightly annoyed look.

'Oh, well,' he thought, 'it was fun while it lasted.' He sincerely hoped she wasn't upset with him, but it sure seemed like she was playing the tease all along. Maybe he just read her wrong, and it was all in his twisted imagination.

By the time she dusted him off and removed the cape things had settled down (thankfully) in Marcus' pants. As he stood and started toward the front of the salon, she spoke.

"Excuse me, Mr. Johnson, could I have you come into the back for just a minute? There's something we need to discuss." She motioned him to a back corridor. As he turned and walked past her she called up to the receptionist to let her know she'd be back in a minute. They went down a short hallway and into a comfortable looking employee lounge. There was a small kitchenette along one side, a round table with chairs, and on the far side a little sitting area with a comfy looking couch and some chairs.

Tina pointed him to a fancy, upholstered, armless chair in the far corner of the employee lounge. While he was walking away from her she reached behind and quietly locked the door. She untied her apron as she approached him. Her lovely mounds jiggled under the fuzzy pink sweater as she tossed the apron on the table. She now stood in front of him with her hands on her hips in an annoyed fashion. "I couldn't help but notice how you were staring. You know that's really not polite, Mr. Johnson." 

"I'm very sorry, Tina, I know I shouldn't have," Marcus stammered. He was embarrassed, but even more he was confused. If she was offended by his stare, why bring him into the back room to discuss it? Privacy from the receptionist? It all seemed very odd to him. And from the start she seemed to play into the whole thing. 

"Look," she stated, very matter of factly, "if you wanted to stare at my pearls, all you had to do was ask. Would you like to see them up close?"

Now Marcus was really on his heels. He didn't know where she was coming from. Was she serious? Was she teasing him? Was she loony? "Um, sure..., uh, I mean yes, " he stuttered out an answer. At least he didn't seem to be in trouble...yet.

She put both of her hands on his shoulders and leaned forward slowly. When she stopped her chin was almost touching his forehead, so that the pearls hung down next to his face. The neck of her sweater had fallen open as well, and her beautiful b-sized breasts hung down pendulously from her body, barely covered by her low cut bra.

His senses were assaulted by her proximity. He stared past the pearls at the creamy white flesh of her chest, only inches from his nose. The scent of her floral body spray floated up to him. Her voice was now just a raspy whisper and the sensation of her breath on his ear sent a chill down his spine. 

"How is that, do you have a good view now, Mr. Johnson?" she coyly asked.

He understood her game now, and he was more than willing to play along. He had no idea where this was going, but he was determined to enjoy every second of the ride.

"They are so beautiful," he said. "Round, creamy white, soft and smooth." 

"Soft and smooth?" she questioned. "Mr. Johnson, how would you know? You didn't touch them when I wasn't looking, did you?" 

"No. I think you might have noticed if I had my hands on them," he played back. He noticed goose bumps rising on the soft flesh of her breasts, and he could clearly see one of her pink, puffy nipples as her bra shifted. He took a slow, deep breath to steady himself as he felt a shudder of excitement coming on.

"So, would you like to Mr. Johnson? Would you like to feel my...pearls?" she teased mercilessly. 

His mind raced. What was he to do now? Was this a real offer, or was she just playing games with him?! He longed desperately to slide his hand into her shirt and bra and cup the soft breast flesh that was so tantalizingly close to him. He reached up slowly with his left hand, and caught the loop of pearls between his fingers. He held it there a moment, and then volleyed a question back to her. "They look so good against your skin. Can I hold them against you, Tina?" 

"Uh, I guess...that would be okay," she had to think for a moment before her response.

'Hah,' Marcus thought, 'I turned the tables on her.' He lifted the loop of pearls and lightly touched them against the skin between and above her breasts, then started softly dragging them in little circles against her. "See how soft and smooth they feel?" he whispered, "Does that feel good, Tina?"

A quick sigh was her first answer. "Yes, it feels nice," she stammered as she held her breath without realizing it.

'Okay,' he thought, 'it's time to take the next step. He pushed the pearls against the exposed, firm flesh of her breast. His hand slid into the cup of her bra and squeezed her right breast. He could feel her hard nipple and moved his fingers around it. Then he slowly pinched his fingers together, squeezing her pretty pink nipple between them.

Tina gasped at the feeling of his assault on her nipple. Electric twinges raced through her body as he massaged her breast and pinched her nipple. She bent her head closer and sucked the lobe of his right ear into her mouth, bathing it with her tongue.

Marcus reached around the small of her back with his right hand and pulled her toward him. Because she was off balance she had no choice but to end up in his lap, her legs both off to his left. He released her breast and reached both hands down to grasp the bottom of her shirt. In a flash it was over her head, where he left it to her to pull the rest of the way off, as both of his hands went straight to her breasts. He pulled the white lacey material of both cups down and tucked them under her breasts. He grasped her luscious peaches, one in each hand, and hefted them, feeling their weight and jiggling them a bit. 

The rush of cool air against her bouncing boobs tightened her nipples, and before she could think or react she felt his hot tongue on her left one. It was engulfed in his mouth as he sucked hungrily on it. Her teasing game seemed to be over as he took control. She went from thinking one step ahead and leading him along to reacting to his moves. Her head was spinning as she felt him fumbling at her waistband. His warm fingers slipped into her pants and slid down the front of her silky panties. She almost jumped as he rubbed over the top of her clitoris on his way down to cup her mound.

Marcus' fingers worked deftly, fluttering over her clitoris and massaging her mound through the silky material. His other hand slipped into her waistband at the small of her back and slid down over her ass cheek. 'Oh, a thong,' he thought. 'Nice.' 

The pressure on the waist of her pants popped the little black button off the front, which hit the carpeted floor ten feet away. Without the button's support the fly pulled open with a quick 'zzzzzip.' This made access for Marcus' hands even easier and he took the opportunity to slide his fingers down the inside of her thigh, continuing to push against her opening and her clitoris with his thumb. He pushed the soft, white material into her opening and moved his thumb in small circles inside her. 

Tina shuddered at the penetration of her vagina. Her fingers were rustling through his short hair and she held his head against her breast, reveling in the feeling of his lips and tongue on her nipple. She felt herself being lifted to her feet. His mouth never left her breast, but his hands were now working her pants down her legs. She kicked off her shoes and stepped out of the black dress pants. Now all she wore was a pretty white lacey bra, pulled down to expose her breasts, and silky white thong panties, the narrow front panel of which was half pushed into her moistening hole. 

He stood and backed her up to the small, round break table. She sat on the edge of it and leaned back, supporting herself on her elbows. He scooted her back a bit so she could get her feet on the table. Then he pulled up a chair and sat in front of her. His hands opened her thighs and massaged slowly from her knees to her mound. Marcus pulled the wispy white panties down her legs and let them drop to the floor. Except for a narrow strip of curly red hair she was cleanly shaven. The glistening lips of her vagina were red and swollen with desire. He used the fingers of both hands to pull her open. She accommodated by spreading her legs as wide as she could. His tongue licked slowly over the soft shaven skin around her opening, tracing a line up over her clitoris and back down the other side. He slowly worked the tips of his two index fingers into her hole, and softly opened her up. His tongue fluttered maddeningly over the sensitive lips of her vagina, then plunged into her opening as far as he could push it. 

Tina cried out and bit her red, pouty lower lip. "Oh God, Mr. Johnson, that feels s-s-s-ooooo goooood." She laid back on the table to free her hands. Her slender fingers were tipped by red, manicured nails. She slid one in and out of her red painted lips, making little sucking noises as she got it wet. The other hand went to her breast, where her splayed fingers sought to grasp the whole mound, squeezing and kneading it. She pushed a puffy nipple up between her thumb and finger, then withdrew the wet finger from her mouth, a tiny strand of saliva breaking off on her chin. As the glistening wet fingertip touched her nipple she sighed and closed her eyes. She worked it in slow circles around the sensitive pink nub, imagining it was his wet tongue. 

His tongue was actually hard at work somewhere else. It pushed deep inside her opening, then withdrew and slowly slid up to her clitoris. Two fingers replaced his tongue, pushing up into her wet hole, and softly massaged the front wall of her tunnel. He sucked her little clit into his mouth, and slowly flicked his tongue back and forth across it, sending warm waves through her entire body. As he carried her closer to release, his free hand reached up to her breast. He softly pinched her left nipple, while she continued to run her wet fingertip over the other one.

"Oh, Mr. Johnson, push your fingers in further...please," Tina begged between short breaths. "Aaaaaahhhh...yes...faster...oh, oh, oooooohhh." Without any conscious thought she lifted her bottom off the table and thrust her hips upward, pushing against his fingers and his talented tongue. Her whole body tensed as she was gripped by the first wave of her orgasm. The flesh of her breast pushed out between her red-tipped fingers as she squeezed it hard. She pinched and pulled on her nipple with her other hand, reveling in the sensation of both breasts being pleasured while he fingered her pussy and licked her clit. Her hips gyrated and pumped as each contraction of pleasure coursed through her body. 

Marcus continued to saw his fingers in and out of her while she came. His lips and tongue worked hard to stay in contact with her pussy as she rocked and rolled her hips. She eventually slowed to an easy pace and her hands reached down to hold his head in place while he slowly licked her through the last warm waves of pleasure.

She released his head and relaxed her body as the delicious feeling of coming slowly shifted from reality to memory. 'Wow,' she thought, 'I NEVER came like that before.' She opened her eyes and looked to Marcus, seated in front of her. His eyes sparkled blue as he smiled at her. He looked very pleased with himself, in a cute way. 

Tina propped herself up on her elbows and let one leg hang off the edge of the table as she reviewed in her head the events of the last half an hour or so. She wondered what, if anything, was going on up front. "Can I borrow your cell," she asked. She dialed quickly and after a few moments could here the phone ring up front through the wall. "Hey, it's me," she started, a little tone of embarrassment in her voice. "Anything going on up there?" She slowly lifted the cups of her bra back into place with one hand while she talked on the phone. 

Marcus watched as she nodded and listened, and saw her beautiful red lips curve up into a naughty little grin. She ended with a quick goodbye and closed the phone, handing it back to him. 

"So, what'd she say?" he asked.

"She said it's your lucky day. Well, those weren't her exact words," the naughty grin flashed again. 

He liked the sound of that. He watched her as she slid forward and climbed off the table like a cat. She slowly moved onto his lap, straddling him on the narrow, armless chair. She deftly unbuttoned his shirt and slid her hands inside. They felt cool and smooth as she caressed his chest, abdomen and sides. She leaned her head down and dragged her lips and tongue across his neck. 

Marcus' arms encircled her waist and pulled her forward on his lap, until the swollen, slick lips of her mound were rubbing against the aching lump in his pants. His hands gripped her bare ass cheeks as she ground herself against him. He watched intently as her lips and tongue moved out to his shoulder. Her lips were red and full and he fantasized about how good they would look wrapped around his aching member. 
