 This is an edit on my previous submission based on feedback.

*

He took hold of her hand and held it to his chest. She could feel his heart pounding as he nervously leant in to kiss her. For a moment she withdrew, doubting herself. She had fantasised about this moment so much that being with him for the first time could never live up the expectation that had played out in her mind many times before. But he was here. They were finally together. She felt the barriers all melt away and met his lips with hers.

The kiss was full of tenderness, softer than she expected at first but quickly the passion and desire that had built up for months took hold and she wrapped her arms around Roman's shoulders. She could feel one of his hands holding the back of her head and the other on the small of her back and gave in to him as he pulled their bodies closer. As they embraced they looked into each other's eyes and both paused to breathe a sigh of relief. For all the strength and confidence in Roman's movements, she saw in his expression that he was as nervous as her. For a moment they said nothing to each other, taking time to process the whirlwind of feelings swirling in them. 

'Are you sure you want to do this?' he asked.

'I've never wanted anything more.' she reassured him.

Confidently Julia made the next move, delicately unbuttoning his shirt and revealing his toned chest, highlighted softly in the lamp light. Her heartbeat accelerated as she kissed his body with her wet lips, running her hands over his warm back. She could feel his hands unzipping her dress and she let it fall to the floor, revealing her soft, pale skin beautifully framed in her black lace Basque, thong and suspenders. 

'Oh my God!' Roman exclaimed, 'You're so sexy my Princess. I can't believe you're really mine.'

'Don't keep me waiting dear.' she replied with a smile as she looked at his stunned face.

Overcome with lust Roman lifted Julia in his arms and carried her over to the bed, sitting her on the edge. Julia could feel the heat of their passion burning in her mind and body. She removed his trousers and brushed her hand against his hard cock as she did. He removed her lingerie as she stripped him naked, his lips kissing her neck. His powerful hands caressed her body and moved slowly downwards, squeezing her firm breasts and using his finger tips to pinch and tease her nipples, driving her wild before moving further. Starting at her knee he ran his hand softly up her leg before brushing his fingers gently against her clitoris and then pressing more firmly, beginning to stroke her slowly.

'I want to make you cum for me.' whispered Roman.

He could see Julia biting her bottom lip as the pleasure built and her legs parted, inviting him to go further. His stroking built in speed before he slipped his fingers inside of her, massaging the inside of her pussy. Desire pulsed through her body building in intensity with each stroke of his fingers.

'Oh fuck! Do it!' she cried.

He looked into her green eyes for moment and kissed her passionately on her lips and then moved his head down to between her legs and kissed her clit. Julia's nerve endings now felt like they were on fire, burning with intense pleasure as his lips and tongue made her lose all control. As she reached orgasm, she arched her back, feeling all of her muscles contract and relax with enjoyment.

Instinct and lust took over Julia and she pushed Roman over onto his back, looking into his eyes as she grabbed hold of his penis and pleasured him. She moved her body down the bed to fellate him, taking his hard cock into her mouth, starting shallow at first but going deeper as she heard him groaning in pleasure. She spun around to face away from him, placing her knees either side of his head and lowered her soft red lips back onto to his cock. As she blew him she heard him whisper her name and felt his arms pulling her pussy down to his lips. She slid her tongue up and down his throbbing penis as she groaned too, his tongue now deep into her pussy and his hands squeezing her buttocks. The intensity in her quickly built again, this time harder than before and she took his cock deeper into her mouth. Spurred on by Julia's sensual touch, Roman moved a finger round to rub her clit while his tongue explored inside of her. Julia, now breathing heavily, came again within moments, this time for longer than the first.

It took Julia a few moments to recover her stamina before continuing, the two lovers lay next to each other, looking into each other's eyes. Julia's slender fingers danced over his arms as he embraced her. Lying there naked with him, she felt safe, like nothing in the world could reach them here. While he was with her, all of the sorrow she had experienced in her life faded into the background and she felt a softness and deep attachment to him and that was just the tip of the iceberg. She knew that she loved him, but couldn't admit it to him. She placed her hand gently on the side of his face and took time to just look at him, studying his features, the sound of his breathing and the feel of him next to her.

'I love you Julia.' he whispered in a quiet tone, as if overwhelmed by the weight of his emotion.

She wanted to tell him how much she loved him too, but answered in actions rather than words. Julia pressed her lips against his, kissing him passionately and rolling him on top of her, opening her legs while she did. 

'I really need your cock inside me Roman. Make love to me.'

She tingled all over as he entered her, the feeling of his hard penis giving her a deep sense of satisfaction.

'Oh fuck! Your pussy is so tight and wet!'

She locked her legs around his hips and controlled his movements, lightly grazing her nails up and down his back. Their two bodies moved slowly in synchronicity, each of his thrusts being matched by Julia's hip movements to deepen the penetration, making them feel alive with the sensation. In complete control, she quickened his pace and deepened his thrusts, feeling the power in his body. She could feel the blood rushing around her body and her cheeks reddened as once more the endorphins built in her. Julia's pussy pulsed with pleasure as she came again, the power of it burning the world away.

As the sensation subsided momentarily, Julia's legs relaxed and fell to her side. Still inside of her, Roman moved his arms down and hooked her legs, driving himself deeper. Giving in to his physical power and his emotional hold over her, Julia gasped as audibly as she took the size of him into her, feeling her vagina relax and grow wetter to accommodate it fully. She could see that her man was closing in on his own orgasm as he thrusted and grinded, and knowing this spurred on her own enjoyment, feeling the blood rushing once more and the pressure of her delight as the love making reached its climax. Julia heard him begin to moan in pleasure, knowing that he was on the verge of coming. 

'I'm so close my love' Roman whispered.

'That's it! Fuck me hard Roman! Fuck me hard and come for me!'

The next thrust threw her over the edge. Exploding from within her, she came again and could feel the tell-tale pulsing of his cock inside her as he arrived as well. They kissed passionately, their tongues caressing each other's as they slumped to the bed, exhausted and exhilarated. Julia held him to her chest as he lay there catching his breath, stroking his head and closing her eyes. She felt contentment washing over her, filling her with a knowing feeling that he was hers and she was his before drifting into a much-needed sleep.

The next morning came and she woke suddenly, her man no longer in the room. Doubt crept into her, filling her with dread that she had been used by him, that she was nothing more than a notch on his bedpost. As Julia's other senses gradually kicked in she realised that she could hear the shower running and quickly grabbed her dressing gown. 

Her legs felt stiff as she entered the steam filled bathroom, but as she did, he turned and looked at her with a smile. Julia was struck by the scent of his shower gel -- clean and masculine. The sight of his wet body gave her a warm feeling deep in her chest as she removed her robe and climbed in with him. She threw her arms around him and held him and kissed him softly before pulling away slightly to let out a satisfied smile. He smiled back and inched to the side so that she could move closer to the shower head. The stream of hot water soothed her aches and pains as she began to wash her long black hair and turned her back to him. For a minute or so, he just stood there watching, hypnotised by her. She was so beautiful to him that he wanted to hold her forever. 

'Pass me the shampoo my love. It's the blue bottle over there.' spoke Julia, snapping Roman out of his daydreaming.

Not wanting to take his eyes off her even for a fleeting moment, he reluctantly turned to grab the bottle and passed it to her. Roman felt the urge to take things further wrapped his arms lovingly around her and kissed her on her neck. Julia could feel his erection pressing into her back and she turned. Placing her hand on his cheek and kissed him, stroking his tongue with her own. The water running down her body made her breasts and nipples glisten. Roman grabbed hold them, lowering his head and kissed them over and over. He saw her tilting her head back as she took a deep breath in excitement and could feel her hand pulling at his cock with her wet hand, noticing that her other hand was already playing with her pussy. 

'Put your hands on the wall and bend over.' he instructed.

Smirking, Julia turned and obliged him, looking back over her shoulder as she pressed her hands against the clean, white tiles.

'I'm going to fuck you hard. Are you ready?' Roman continued.

'Do it. Fuck me.' she said full of sexual excitement as she widened her legs to receive him.

He grabbed hold of her hips and pushed his cock deep inside her. Last night was about making love, but this was the pure animalistic lust that underscored it all.

Fast, hard and deep he thrusted over and over, his hands running up and down her back, spanking her buttocks just hard enough that it accentuated the pleasure of the sex. He reached around to her breasts and squeezed them tightly. The water made them slippery and he used this to tease her nipples until she moaned in delight.

'That's it Roman, make me come! Pull on my hair and make me come!'

He reached out with his left hand, grabbing her black hair in a pony tail and pulled, tilting Julia's head back. He could hear her moaning getting more intense and knew that she was so close to climax.

'Come for me Julia!'

Screaming in ecstasy, she came for him and he released her hair, leaned in and kissed her, continuing to thrust and grind as he did. He noticed Julia was looking to her right, turned his head and saw their reflection in the mirror on the wall. Roman watched as each of his thrusts made Julia's breasts jiggle and could see her beautiful green eyes looking back at him through the mirror.

He reached his right hand underneath her and stimulated her clitoris even more while he continued to fuck her from behind, his left hand grabbing her buttock to help steady himself. Roman was now more attuned to the outward signs of her enjoyment. The extra sensation had the desired affect on Julia and accelerated her towards another orgasm. He could see her fingers pressing firmly against the tiles as pleasure coursed through her body. Roman felt the walls of her pussy tighten as she intensified her own enjoyment.

'I'm coming again. Oh fuck, I'm coming again!' she yelled as all of the pressure released through her body.

Roman withdrew his cock from her pussy as she stood upright and turned to face him. The lovers kissed for a brief moment before he saw a glint in Julia's eyes. Before he knew it, she was on her knees and her lips were pressed against the side of his penis.

'I want your cock in my mouth. I want to make you cum so bad.' she said as she looked up at his face and pulled on his penis.

He didn't have time to say anything before Julia had taken him into her mouth. He could feel her soft tongue against his shaft as she tasted his cock. Burning endorphins built in his groin and he steadied himself against the wall as he went weak at the knees. One of her hands massaged his balls while the other supported the base of his penis. 

'That feels so fucking good, don't stop!' he groaned, placing one hand on the back of her head.

'I won't stop until you come all over my tits.'

He could feel her forcing his cock deeper into her mouth and throat as he got closer and closer to coming. The pleasure was so intense, the feeling so strong that he knew he couldn't hold the orgasm back any longer. Releasing his restraints, he let Julia bring him to an ecstatic climax.

'I'm coming so hard for you my Princess.'

'Do it Roman! Come all over my tits!' said Julia as she withdrew his cock from her mouth and placed it between her breasts, squeezing them tight around it.

She moved them up and down his shaft quickly and he came all over her milky white tits, looking down into her eyes as his load covered her for a moment before the running water washed it away.