 This is one of the stories I wrote for a friend almost a year ago before I even considered posting them online. Thanks to Angel Love for making it coherent!


Sitting on your couch waiting, you can feel your anticipation and excitement growing. You know that soon I will be there and we will have several uninterrupted hours together. Sipping from your glass of wine you look down trying to see if your nipples are noticeable through your top. As you shift on the couch you can feel the dampness between your legs. I called twenty minutes ago saying we would be there soon. What was taking so long? The sound of car doors closing in your driveway sends chills up and down your spine. You try to calm yourself as the doorbell rings but still half run to the door. When you open the door, your eyes immediately lock on mine. With a sly smile I give you a big hug running my hands up and down your back. 

Your hands lock behind me and your knuckles turn white as I whisper in your ear, "No bra or panties huh?"

You blush deeply as we break our hug and step back so we can come in. I quickly introduce you to my two traveling companions as you try not to stare too long at me. We follow you into the house as you show my friends the guest room. I stand in the doorway watching you get things settled, my eyes roaming your body while you make the final adjustments to their beds. Looking over at me you wink and give your dress a quick tug up showing me your bare butt. You blush as I smile and wink. With my friends well provided for I step out of the way so you can walk out of the room. On the way by you brush your hand over the bulge in my pants and blow me a kiss. I remind the guys that we only have four hours to rest up before continuing on our drive. Closing the door I step out of the room. 

Turning to face you we embrace, arms wrapping around each other pulling our bodies together tightly. You look up into my face and we kiss deeply. Our tongues explore each other's mouths with abandon as lovers who have been separated for years would when they are finally reunited. My hands roam your body and pull up your dress until they finally touch the bare flesh of your butt and thighs. 

Feeling the moistness on your inner thighs, I remark, "A little excited to see me?" 

You blush for a moment and then cup my hardon with your hand, "I could say the same thing," you reply. Quickly we break our embrace and I follow you to your bedroom on the other side of the house.

As we enter your bedroom, our hands find each other again. My fingers work to undo the top of your dress while you easily tug down my sweat pants. I kick off my shoes as you use your bare foot to push the sweats down to the floor. When we reach your bed, you turn me away from it and push me onto the oversized mattress. With one hand on my cock, you flip your hair to the side and gently stroke me as you kiss your way down my body. I do my best to kick off my sweats and socks while I watch your tongue cross my stomach. Moving to your knees, my anticipation builds. 

With one hand still slowly stroking you use the other to massage my balls. I move my legs apart and inhale deeply when your tongue flicks across the head. Pre-cum has been leaking since before I called you and my head is coated with it. Your tongue continues to glance against my cock. I see a wry smile and a wink before watching you pull your head back and blow a light breath on my wet cock. My dick twinges in your hand and I grip the sides of the bed tightly. 

Looking back down I watch as you slowly wrap your lips around my shaft and begin to work me over with your mouth. My fingers begin to move through your hair. I moan softly, my body moving in time with your mouth. The feeling of your lips and mouth on my cock and your breasts rubbing against my bare legs releases more pre-cum. With the taste of pre-cum filling your mouth you begin to pump and stroke faster. My hand moves slowly behind your head and guides you up and down on my swollen shaft.

Your fingers and tongue move over my balls and your hand pumps my cock faster causing me to moan louder. Before taking me back into your mouth you tell me that you want me to cum; that you need to taste me. My body moves back and forth faster with your mouth while my moans get louder. My legs tense as my cock swells. I try to hold back not wanting your mouth to stop but it's no use, I cum hard shooting jets into your mouth. You take my cock into your mouth as deeply as you can and my hot juice pulses from me. Swallowing and licking you savor my taste and rub my balls trying to milk every last ounce. When my cock finally stops its pulsing, you lick your way up and down the softening shaft several times before gently setting it aside and kissing your way back up my body. Taking your head firmly in my hands, I kiss you deeply tasting myself in your mouth. As we continue to kiss, I unzip the back of your dress and push it off your body. With my hands now free to roam your naked form you moan softly into my mouth. 

Pushing my body off the bed, my hands continue to move over you exploring your every curve. We turn slowly until your back is to the bed. I slowly move you onto the mattress finally breaking our kiss. I kiss my way across your face and over to your sensitive neck only stopping to suck on the back of your neck and nibble on your earlobes lightly. Your body squirms under mine in response to my tickling kisses and licks. My hands begin to roam over your breasts as I kiss my way to your chest. With your nipples pinched between my fingers I begin to flick my tongue over them quickly rolling them back and forth and tugging them. Your hands clamp on the back of my head pulling my mouth firmly over one of your breasts. I begin to suck on your nipple hard pulling it into my mouth and running my tongue broadly over it. I continue to tug and roll the other while my hand moves down your body to your spreading legs. My fingers glide over the wet skin of your inner thighs feeling the heat radiating from your pussy. Your moans grow louder and louder as your hands reach out to clutch the bed. My fingers move lightly over the folds of your pussy easily slipping one inside you. Immediately your hips start to buck as my finger explores your recesses and my mouth sucks your breasts. Your guttural moan permeates the room. My hand is quickly covered with your wonderful juice. 

Releasing your breast from my mouth, I continue to kiss my way down your body while slowly fingering your pussy. Feeling my warm breath on your labia your entire body tenses as you await my next touch. A quick flick of your clit with my tongue causes you to jump and wiggle. So does the next and again the next. The slow single flicks of your clit start off well apart but as I continue they get closer and closer until eventually there is no pause between flicks. Your hips start to move with my finger which is soon joined by another. I feel your fingers running over my head, holding it tightly as I lick in time with your hips and my fingers. 

Stopping to suck on your clit I continue to finger your pussy faster and faster. Your legs wrap around my upper body as your butt lifts off the bed trying to get more of me inside you. My free hand moves back up to your breasts to rub my fingers across your very erect nipples. Suddenly your entire body arches back and your fingers clamp around my head in a loud orgasm. 

I slowly lower your body back to the bed and let my fingers slip out of you. Kissing my way up your body I can see you shiver when my mouth crosses your breasts. Pulling you up so you are sitting on the edge of the bed I stand between your legs and kiss you. Once again our tongues dart into each other's mouths sharing our passion in our kiss. Your hands move to my semi erect cock and you begin to rub it slowly. 

The intensity of our kiss grows while our hands begin moving over each other's bodies again. Finally our lips part leaning back on your elbows I take my cock into my hand holding it mere inches from your pussy. Using the tip only I rub it up and down your wetness coating the head with your juice. You close your eyes enjoying the sensation of my cock licking up and down your pussy. Inhaling deeply my cock slowly penetrates you. My still semi erect dick easily moves inside your cunt. I lift your legs so they are straight against my torso and press my hips into the backs of your thighs. Taking my time I begin to move my cock slowly in and out of your pussy. You feel it get harder and harder with each slow thrust, growing and filling you more with each move. Finally my fully erect cock fills your pussy. I push all of my weight against the backs of your legs penetrating you as deep as I can. Your breathless moans and wide-open eyes tell me how you enjoy it. Sliding my hands down your smooth legs to your hips, I begin to sway back and forth. The head of my cock, still buried deep inside you, pushes against your inner walls causing you to moan loudly.

Running my hands back up your legs I grasp your ankles and slowly move your legs apart. With your legs in this position I begin to slowly move in and out of your pussy again. The new angle causes you to moan even louder. I begin thrusting quicker into your pussy. Your hips try to meet my thrusts but your butt remains firmly planted against the bed. You can feel your orgasm growing and your desire to cum is becoming greater and greater, but in this position it's not going to happen. Then you realize. I'm penetrating you fully with my cock and still managing to only tease you! You moan and express your frustration only to be answered by a sly smile on my face. With your desire to orgasm at it's highest I release your legs and rest my torso against yours. Lifting your knees so that I can crawl onto the bed your hips are finally able to meet my thrusts. The short, deep and hard thrusts that you so desperately need fill your pussy. Your hands reach around my body; your fingers grip my skin tightly digging your nails into my flesh. I kiss you deeply stifling the deep moan of your orgasm. We continue to kiss deeply as your body quivers and shakes in a massive orgasm.

I run my fingers up and down your electrified skin and covering your face, neck and shoulders with soft kisses we stop momentarily to allow your breathing to slowly return to normal. Slowly your heart rate returns to a more normal beat against my chest. Picking my head up I look into your eyes before kissing you deeply. Your heartbeat quickens and our bodies mesh. I pull you even tighter to me rolling us onto my back never letting my cock slip out of your dripping pussy. Slowly you pull your legs up and arch your back, our kiss still deep and intense, you position your body on top of mine. 

A couple of deep thrusts with my hips and you're moaning into my mouth. With a few more our kiss breaks. Quickly you sit up, back straight hands pressed into my chest, and take me fully into you. You slowly grind your body into mine all the while bracing yourself with your hands on my chest. My hands move slowly up your hips and over your outstretched arms finally finding their way to your breasts. Once again I roll and tug your erect nipples. Your breathing quickens now that you control my penetration and pace. Slipping one hand away from your breasts I take my thumb and begin to rub your clit. The wetness coats my thumb and soon it is slicking back and forth across your clit quickly. You press and grind into my crotch before covering it with another massive orgasm. With your energy expended you collapse on top of my body, breathless, panting, and tingling as several aftershocks move through your body from your toes to your fingers. 

Slowly I slip out from under your body and get a glass of ice water for you from the kitchen. On my way back I swing into your bathroom and find what I am looking for. Little do you know right now as you nap briefly, but your biggest orgasm is still yet to come. Quietly entering your bedroom again I slip next to you in the bed. Your body responds to mine and you curl up with me. A moment or two later you open your eyes and look up into mine. With your head on my chest your hand moves down to rub my still erect cock. A brief chill runs up your body as you realize I still have plenty of gas left in my tank. I hand you the glass of ice water and wink. Taking a long sip of water you let an ice cube slip into your mouth. Leaning up you kiss me causing the cube to slide into my mouth. Our kiss continues as our passion is renewed. Taking the glass from your hand I place it on the night stand and roll my body back on top of yours. 

The feeling of your soft legs running up and down mine excites me as I kiss my way across your shoulders. Stopping at your collar bone I lift my head and show you the ice cube still in my mouth. Your hands move nervously over my arms and shoulders as I move my mouth to your breasts. Holding the cube in my teeth I rub it quickly over your nipples making them both ache with hardness. Just as you are about to scream, my mouth engulfs the first one and begins to suck on it firmly, warming it slowly with my tongue while I rub the other breast with the ice. I move quickly to the second very cold, very hard nipple and begin to suck it. Your hands run over my head as I suck warmth back into your breast and nipple. Eventually I pull my head away and return to kiss you. As our lips meet you feel coldness on your pussy. 

Our tongues meet as I run the ice cube up and down your pussy lips. You moan softly into my mouth until I press the head of my cock against you. Breaking our kiss you roll your head back and clutch onto my body. While I was sucking on your breasts, I rubbed the ice cube on my cock making the tip and half the shaft very cold. Now the frigid tip glides inside your warm pussy. The deep cold penetration has you wiggle and grind against my body. Several long thrusts are more than enough to warm my cock inside you. 

Reaching over for a second ice cube I lean up onto my knees, sitting on my heels, and lift your legs over my hips. Dripping cold droplets of ice from my hand onto your body you twist and try to cover the spots with your hands until I begin dripping them directly onto your clit. As soon as the first cold droplet of water hits your clit your hands clutch the sheets turning your knuckles white. More and more cold water drips onto your clit and runs down around your pussy and my cock as I hold the ice cube directly above your steaming sex. Placing a hand on your hip I lean up a bit and slip out just a little, still keeping the head and an inch or two of my hard shaft inside you. Closing your eyes you anxiously await my next step. 

I place the ice cube directly on the top of my shaft and run it back and forth from my abdomen to your clit several times before leaving it resting against your clit. Your body tenses as the ice melts slowly against your clit. Reaching down I grasp your wrists and pull your body into mine filling your pussy with my ice water-covered cock. A loud moan escapes your body as I push my cock deep inside you, my body pushing the ice cube into your clit at the same time. With my hands still firmly holding your wrists, I pump my cock in and out of your body hard and fast. Watching your breasts bounce up and down with each thrust only makes me thrust even harder. You cry out loudly over the sound of my body and balls slapping against your legs and ass. Soon your hips buck wildly against mine as I pound my cock into your pussy. Pulling your hands from my grasp you grab my hips and hold me tightly into your body as you orgasm.

I collapse on top of you and kiss you lightly on the lips. "Are you ever going to let me rest?" you ask exhausted. 

"I just want to do one more thing," I say with a wink and a smile, "I think you'll love it!" 

Slowly moving off your body I take your hand and pull you up with me, with both of us kneeling on the bed we kiss again, our hands still anxiously exploring each other's body. I slip off the side of the bed and pull you close to me but not off the bed, instead you kneel on the edge facing me. Breaking our kiss, I tell you to turn around. Reluctantly you pull your body from mine and turn your back to me. Closing your eyes, you breathe deeply trying to relax and not think about what I could be planning behind you. I place my hand on the small of your back and run it slowly up your spine, increasing pressure as I move my hand up, intimating that I want you to bend forward. Now on all fours you flip your hair to one side and look over your shoulder at me. I stand between your dangling calves and tell you to relax. 

My left hand moves between your legs and slowly rubs your pussy in a circular motion as you feel warmth around your anus. My voice, soft and even, tells you to relax. You look back over your shoulder to see that I have your 4" dildo in my right hand, from the looks it's glistening with the same warm fluid now coating your butt crack. You inhale deeply and try not to tense. 

I tell you to take deep breaths in and out, to close your eyes, and to relax while I move the head of the small dildo in a circular motion around your smaller opening. Gentle pressure is applied to your butt as my left-hand still makes circles around your pussy. You take a couple of deep breaths and let them out, telling yourself to relax, willing yourself to relax. As you do, you can feel the small head of the dildo press inside you. It's uncomfortable but not completely unpleasant. Keeping the dildo in place for a moment, my voice continues to tell you to relax. 

I ask if I can go further and slowly you nod yes. Pushing the dildo in another inch, my left hand never stops moving around your pussy. Your breath becomes a little more shallow so I stop with the dildo halfway inside your butt. Giving you a few more minutes to adjust to this new invasion I run my right hand up and down your back several times to try to help. Once again you nod when you are ready for me to continue. 

My hand keeps rubbing circles on your pussy as I slowly press the dildo in another inch. With three of the four inches inside you I tell you that's as far as it will go and ask if you are still okay. You move slightly left and right before saying that you are okay. While it's still not painful, it's an awkward feeling having a dildo in your backside but it's still not unpleasant. Slowly you become more comfortable with its position; the idea begins to excite you slightly. 

"Are you okay?" I ask quietly. 

You nod yes silently. "Yeah, I'm fine lover." you say as you look over your shoulder at me. 

I give you a quick wink and remove my left hand from your pussy. Your fingers grip the sheets as you expect my cock to once again deeply penetrate you. After several seconds of waiting you jump at the feeling of my tongue on your pussy again. Slipping my tongue as deeply between your pussy lips as I can, I use my other hand to twist the dildo inside your anus. The feeling is definitely different and you begin to moan softly. My tongue flicks up and down your opening and then begins to move slowly in and out. My tongue moves in and out of your pussy then I begin to move the dildo as well. You moan loudly as I use my tongue and the dildo to pleasure your body. Increasing the pace of my tongue and the dildo you hardly notice that my right hand has moved up the back of your right leg and come to rest on your ass. You reach out and grab one of the oversized pillows on your bed clutching it tightly in your arms. 

You moan deeper then ever before you announce, "OMG I'm going to cum!" loudly. 

My right hand starts to rub quick circles on your butt cheek and then suddenly lifts off it. The sting of my hand spanking your butt as your orgasm nears is enough to push you over the edge. You bury your head in the pillow and scream as I spank your butt again and lap up your glistening juices. 
