 It all started one night as I was chatting on line. I met Jennifer, who seemed to be pretty cool, so we chatted most of that night and into the next morning. As you can imagine, one topic of conversation turned into another and before long we were telling each other our deepest and darkest fantasies as well as fears. 

Jen's only true phobia was her chest. She was always complaining that it was too small or wasn't anything to look at. Of course, I had not seen it yet, but I stuck with my position that more than a handful is a waste. When she told me she had never taken her shirt off with any of her previous lovers, it sparked a small wager. I bet her that I could have her shirt off in the first 48 hrs she was here. The loser...well no one would really lose...but the loser had to be the other's slave for 24 hours. We had been chatting online for a couple of months, and with all the sexual tension decided we had to meet. 

Finally the day came when she would arrive. I was to meet her at the local train station and pick her up. Since we had not met in person yet, I was a little anxious for the meeting. We did of course exchange pictures while we chatted, but there is still something to be said about first impressions. Since she would be staying the week with me, I spent most of the day cleaning my apartment, as well as making sure I was properly presentable. When the time came for me to go, I jumped in my car and headed to the station.

I arrived at the station a little early, so waited about 15 minutes for her train to arrive. Soon after the train pulled into the station it released a flood of passengers into the terminal. Let me rephrase that...trickle into the terminal, as there were only about 15 people on the train. This at least made it remarkably easy to find Jennifer. In fact, you couldn't miss her...she was an even 5 feet tall, with shoulder length blond hair, and the most perfect smile. She had that smile on her lips as she walked right up to me and wrapped her arms around my 6-foot tall frame. After holding onto her for a couple of moments, I suggested we get her luggage and get her settled into the apartment. She cheerfully agreed.

The drive home was pretty much uneventful, and we eventually arrived at my place. "You weren't kidding when you said this place was small," Jennifer said. She glided over to the couch and got comfy. "Which is more comfy, the couch or the bed?"

"Why the bed, of course!" 

"Alright then, bag boy, you can put my things in the bedroom." 

I willingly followed her wishes and dropped her bags in the bedroom. When I came back out into the living room, she was stretched out on the couch, eyes closed. 

"Did the train ride wear you out?"

"Not really, just glad to finally get here."

"Yeah, it's nice to finally have you here." 

I settled in front of the couch facing the TV. We stayed like this for a while, just enjoying each other's company and sharing some light hearted banter about the TV shows. After a bit, Jen started playing with my hair while we were watching the shows. I turned towards her and gave her a soft kiss of the lips. She smiled brightly and invited me to join her on the couch. "Who could refuse an offer from such a beautiful girl like her?" I thought as I lay down on the couch with her. 

I started to kiss the back of her neck, and run my hands slowly down her side. I could tell she had her eyes closed and was enjoying the feeling as every now and then I could hear a small sigh or moan escape her lips. She turned to face me and I gave her a deep, passionate kiss. She returned all the fervor from my kiss and I could feel her hands resting on my chest start to slowly slide down towards my waist. Once her hands got there, she started slowly rubbing the bulge her hands had found. I took the hint and was returning the favor while applying soft little kisses on her neck.

We were both getting pretty hot, so I suggested we move to the bedroom to be more comfortable. She agreed, so I led her to the bedroom holding her hand. Once there I took off my shirt and began kissing her neck and behind her ear as I gently laid her down on the bed. I reached down to un-tuck her shirt and run my hands up her body, but she started laughing.

"I knew you hadn't forgotten about the silly bet," she said.

'Did you think I could forget THAT?" I replied.

"No way! I'm looking forward to it!" With that, she led my hands back to the bottom of her shirt. I slowly lifted her shirt over her head, revealing a light pink bra made of lace. I immediately began massaging one small, but perfectly formed breast and was pleased with the size of it. I could tell she was a little nervous and I asked her why.

"The females in my family, including my mom and aunt, always made fun of my breasts saying how small they are, so I guess I just got so self-conscious about them that they became more of a phobia for me than anything else."

"Baby doll, you have nothing to worry about. They are perfect." 

With that I gave her a deep slow kiss and went back to alternating kissing her lips and her neck while letting my hands roam and massage different parts of her body. After a few minutes I reached down and unhooked her bra, revealing her deepest fears to me. 

I leaned down and sucked one nipple while running my fingers over the other, getting a deep moan from her in return. I felt hands trying to undo my belt, so I relaxed for a moment and helped remove my pants. I then returned to her breasts, slowly kissing in the small valley between them and working my way south until I reached the top of her pants. 

I slowly undid the front of her pants and kissed down into the open V while pulling then down slowly, revealing a lacy pink bikini. I could smell the sweet scent of her excitement as I flicked my tongue around the edges of the bikini before finishing removing her pants.

Once her slacks and panties had been fully swept aside, I lowered my head to her shaved, wet pussy. I licked slowly at first, catching mostly the juice in her slit. Then, I moved in for the prize. I rested my lips around her clit and let my tongue flick over it. Softly I massaged it at first, but I let my tongue work into a steady rhythm as I teased her button. Her breathing was long and shallow during the first few moments, but soon thereafter it quickened. 

Her hips ground into my face, as if more pleasure could be gained by forcing herself into my mouth. I kept flicking my tongue over her clit as I slowly started tracing circles around her warm entrance with my finger. I slid my finger in and out while she moaned deeply and her breathing accelerated. She let out a loud scream as she approached her orgasm. I slowed the pace of my flicking until I could tell she couldn't take it any more, then slowly kissed my way up her body to give her a kiss on the lips.

After she caught her breath, she rolled us both over. Once she had me on my back, her on top of me, she moved both my hands to her hips and held them there while kissing me. Smoothly she lifted her hips off me and lowered herself onto my cock.. She moaned deeply while starting a nice rhythmic rocking motion. I slid my hands up her sides to her breasts where I started slowly massaging them with my fingers. Her eyes closed in ecstasy and she started to moan. I felt my own orgasm start building and her moaning started to push me over the edge. Just when I felt I couldn't take it any longer, she bit into my shoulder to keep from screaming out during her climax. Watching her cum was the last straw. I felt my body release all of its tension and fill her honey pot with my cum.

"That was by far more fulfilling than any chatting we have ever done," she said. She had closed her eyes and rested her head on my chest. I ran my fingers through her hair and kissed the top of her head. 

"Yeah, most definitely, and to think, this is just your first night in town."

"If the rest of the nights are like this, you are going to have trouble getting rid of me."

I let her comment hang there. I thought "Who would want to get rid of her" as I faded off to sleep.