 Suzanne was my office buddy, someone that I enjoyed working with. We had dated lots of other people, and had spent several lunches discussing why each of our romances never seemed to work out. She was the one that finally suggested we "get together" and enjoy being "friends with benefits." We'd found that we were very good in bed together, and that just made our friendship even better. She'd been asking me what I wanted for my birthday for several weeks, and I kept saying, "Just surprise me." She said I was making it difficult, that I was hard to shop for, and she needed some suggestions. I really didn't want to make a big deal with a party, so told her to just keep it simple, and just the two of us. I picked up the paper and started to finish the sports section, when she jumped up, pushed the paper aside, and said, "I know exactly what you're going to get for your birthday! So... be prepared!" Then she kissed the tip of my nose, stretched, and walked out of the kitchen. My birthday was the next day, a Saturday, and I wondered what she had in mind. 

That evening, I cooked us dinner, and we shared a nice bottle of merlot. We watched a couple movies on TV and then headed for bed. As we were getting into bed, she walked over, pulled my boxers to the floor, and said, "No pajamas allowed tonight." Then, she slowly pulled her long T-shirt nightie off over her head, and jumped into bed. I was right behind her, and we made love slowly, then snuggled together, and fell asleep.

I awoke to feel a warm mouth gently sucking on the tip of my cock. As I started to sit up, I realized that I was pinned down- a long. lean leg was across my chest, and a shaved pussy was inches from my face. I could feel her lips working on my cock, and my cock was responding by growing very hard. I could smell her scent, and lifted my head enough to slide my tongue into her warm pussy. She immediately pushed back and ground her pussy into my face. I started to lick her, and focused especially on her clit, my tongue flicking around and over it. She was pumping my hard cock in and out of her mouth, and I was finding it difficult to concentrate. Suddenly, she pushed back and locked her thighs tightly against my head, and began to shake and squirm. My cock popped out of her mouth as she started to cum hard and fast, her pussy dripping. I held her clit between my lips and sucked on it as she let out a loud groan and began to thrash. Then, she collapsed on top of me, breathing hard. She took a few minutes to catch her breath, and then sat up on my chest. With a short hop forward, she impaled herself on my hard cock, and began to ride me. I had the perfect shot of her long back, and smooth, rounded ass, as she pumped herself up and down, faster and faster on my hard pole. I could see her pussy lips gripping my cock each time she pulled up and away, and then felt her slam back down and grind herself against me. It only took a few strokes like that, and then I began to cum, too.

I grabbed her hips and pulled her down on me, as I spurted my cum deeply into her. She was grinding into me, and then reached down and started to squeeze my balls, which made me spurt even more. It felt like I was exploding into her pussy, and she squeezed and squeezed my balls, and her pussy milked every drop out of me. 

Then she hopped off, stood up next to the bed, and smiled, "Happy Birthday! Hope you enjoyed your first gift. I've signed you up for the First Saturday Suck and Fuck Club. So, be here the first Saturday of every month, and you will enjoy a special gift designed just for you. That should make this year exciting! Bye!" And with that said, she quickly dressed, and ran out the door, leaving me wondering if it could get any better.

FSSF CLUB MONTH TWO

It was the first Saturday of the next month, and I had spent the previous four weeks wondering if my office buddy was serious. We had gotten together a couple times over the past month for some great sex, but it had been over a week and a half since we had gotten together outside of work. 

I started some coffee going, and went out to get the paper. As I bent over to pick it up in the driveway, I noticed a bicyclist coming down the street. As the biker approached, I waved, and she pulled up next to me and stopped. She pulled off her helmet, but I did not recognize her- she was a tall redhead with a great smile. She hopped off the bike, and said, "It's nice to have you meet me outside, but we need to go in right now. I'm your second First Saturday Suck and Fuck Club gift for this month. Your friend has already paid for your subscription." Then she walked her bicycle right inside my front door, turned and waved me inside. It dawned on me that this was for real, and I quickly headed inside. When I stepped into the house, and closed the front door, I heard her call to me, "I'm in the den... come join me."

When I came around the corner and stepped into the large sunken den, I found her already naked from the waist up, and slowly peeling down her skin-tight bicycle pants. As she shimmied out of them, she smiled, and said, "I'm Roxy. Take off your clothes. I want to see your cock right now." I threw my bathrobe on the floor, and stepped out of my boxers. Roxy moved closer, dropped to her knees, and began to suck the tip of my cock. She reached up and gently played with my balls, all the time drawing my cock into her mouth. I immediately felt myself growing hard; she smiled at that, and proceeded to pull me harder into her mouth. 

There we were, both naked, and this beautiful redhead was worshipping my hard cock, sucking me deep into her throat, humming, and squeezing my balls. I was throbbing, and felt like my cock was made of iron. She knew exactly what she was doing, and I was close to cumming very quickly. She stopped suddenly, and asked me, "So... do you want to be on top, or on the bottom?" I always like being on the bottom, so I can enjoy watching my partner ride me. I said, "You be on top," and she nodded, pulled me down and onto my back, then climbed on, her already wet pussy sliding down my hard cock. She held still for a minute, then I could feel her pussy begin to pulse, and squeeze, and massage my cock. She was slowly grinding herself down on me, and the feelings of her hot pussy were incredible.

She leaned a bit forward, and pointed her breasts at my face. Her tits were full, round, and the nipples came to perfect points. I raised my head and pulled her left nipple into my mouth. She gasped, and then began to cum- that was all it took- me tightly encased in her pussy, and me biting and suckling on her nipple. She shuddered, and then began to move her pussy back and forth, hard pressed against me. She was moving faster, her legs spread wide, and her clit rubbing hard against me. Her eyes were closed as she moved back and forth. I switched to her other nipple, and she screamed out loud, "OH YES! OH FUCK ME! FUCK ME!" She began to lift her pussy and then plunge it down again on my cock. I pushed up and met her, thrusting deep into her. She bounced on me up and down, as we both pushed hard against each other. I could feel the cum in my balls start to boil and I knew I couldn't last much longer.

We pounded against each other for a few more minutes, and then I began to cum. I yelled and pushed up deep into her cunt, as I spurted into her. She felt the first blast and then another orgasm hit her. She clenched me tightly with her legs, and ground her pussy down onto me. I was spurting cum into her and she was humping me completely out of control. It felt like I was never going to stop cumming, but, of course, finally I did. She sat upright, and pulled and pinched on her nipples, her pussy contracting tightly on my cock. Wow!

After several minutes, she stood up, my cock making a popping sound as it came out of her tight pussy. She bent all the way over, and licked it clean, then stepped forward and leaned into my lips, kissing me deeply. I could taste my cum and her sweet pussy juice on her tongue. She whispered into my ear, "I hope I can come back again another month. You were more of my gift than I was yours..." As I lay watching this beautiful woman, she pulled on her bike pants and top, snapped her helmet on, and said, "Thanks, again, for the nice ride." Then she was out the door and gone. It took me a while to recover before I could get up and get on with the day. 

FSSF CLUB MONTH THREE

I opened the front door about 9:00am when I heard the doorbell. Standing before me was another beautiful gal- this one looked like cheerleader- the proverbial girl next door. She walked right in, pushing close by me, and said, "Hi! I'm Bonnie. Are you ready for me?" Before I could even answer, she walked over to my sofa, leaned over the back, and slowly pulled her dress up. As I watched the hem rise, my cock began to rise, too. She had an amazing set of legs, firm and tan, and I was getting to see them in detail. She pulled the hem of the dress up to where I could easily see she had on no panties, and then pulled it up more, revealing a stunning, tight, ass. 

I have always been a back view man, and the sight of this perfect ass, and her pussy peeking back at me, had me hard in seconds. I walked over, dropped my shorts, and slid my hard cock into her pussy in one smooth motion. Oh, man o man, she felt good. Her pussy was sopping wet, slick with her juices, and my hard cock was inside. I slowly pushed all the way into her, burying my hard cock to the hilt in her. She looked back over her shoulder at me, smiled, and said, "Fuck me fast and hard. NOW!" I gave her what she wanted, pumping my cock in and out of her as fast as I could. She was squirming and grunting with each thrust of my cock, and saying over and over, "Faster. Harder. Faster. Oh yeah, Oh yeah, Oh YEAH!!!" 

She began to cum hard, with a scream, and I began to cum, too. I could feel my balls blasting out my cum into her, squirting deep into he pussy. I pushed into her as far as I could and spurted my cum into her. She was pushing hard back against me, and yelling, "More, more, more!!!" It was a hot fuck, fast and furious, and it was very exciting. I slammed my cock into her, and felt my balls issue one more spurt of cum. Then, I was done. I pulled out of her, and walked over to my favorite chair, and sat down, completely drained.

It took her a few moments to recover her breath as well, then she stood up, walked over to me, and knelt in front of me. She gently took my semi-flaccid cock into her hands, and began to lick the tip. She worked her tongue all around the top crown, flicking the underside seam, and tantalizing me. I didn't think it was possible, but within just a few minutes, she had my cock straining up, hard and red. I watched her tongue work itself around my cock, licking and flicking, and then she looked up at me, and in one motion, sucked my entire cock deep into her mouth and throat. As she held me completely in her, she began to hum, which sent shivers up my entire body. The suction was hard as she pulled away from me, exposing my cock, then clamped down tightly as she took me in again. She repeated this over and over, slowly drawing me to orgasm. She was amazing, and I knew I couldn't hold on much longer. She was sucking the cum from deep in my balls; I couldn't hold much longer. It was exquisite torture. She looked up and held my gaze as she picked up the pace. Up and down, the vacuum of her mouth pulling my hard cock. She knew I was going to cum the same time I did; my cock swelled even larger, and then the cum exploded into her mouth. She never missed a beat, swallowing each load as I pumped my cum into her waiting mouth. I kept cumming and cumming- more than I thought possible- and then I must have passed out from the intensity of the pleasure. When I awoke, I was still in my chair, but there was a printed card tied to my now spent cock with a pink ribbon. It read: "Hope you enjoyed your third First Saturday Suck and Fuck Club gift." And then, handwritten, she had added, "You taste yummy!"

FSSF CLUB MONTH FOUR

When I had showed up at work, my office buddy was always grinning, asking me how I was enjoying my Birthday gifts. She thought it was fun, and very exciting to hear all the details of my Saturday surprises. We would get pretty worked up at the office, and then run home to one of our houses, and fuck like rabbits. She would get real hot hearing about my visitors, and demanded I tell her all the details. As I did, she would rub her pussy, and then jump on me, and fuck me silly. It was a real turn-on for us both, and I could hardly wait for the next month's first Saturday.

Saturday finally rolled around, and I was up early with anticipation of my next visitor. But, the morning passed and no one showed up. Finally, I made myself a sandwich for lunch, and headed out the back door to eat it by the pool. As I sat down and started to take the first bite, I noticed her. She was lying naked on a chaise lounge next to the pool, catching some rays. She seemed asleep, but as I walked over, she smiled, open her eyes, and said, "Well, it's about time. I was afraid you would never show up. Another hour, and I would start to get a real sunburn- my sunscreen doesn't work much longer than a couple hours or so. In fact, now that you're here, you can help me by rubbing some more on me."

She motioned for me to get the sunscreen out of her bag, and put some on her. As I reached down to get it, she rolled over on the lounge, facing down, and presented me with a view of her backside. It took my breath away! Her long hair was pulled up in a sweeping tie on her left shoulder. Her back glistened with small beads of perspiration, and as my eyes moved down across it, she said, "Like what you see? By the way, my name is Becky." My eyes moved down to her ass, and I was immediately hard. Her ass cheeks were perfect, absolutely perfect. They were round, but firm, and as I stared, she moved her legs just a slight bit apart to reveal a glimpse of the cleft of her pussy. She, too, had shaved her pussy, and I could see the moisture of the slightly parted, slightly swollen lips of her cunt.

"Come on," she said, "Do the lotion, then you can do me..."

I took the lotion and squirted it across her shoulders and back, then more onto her rounded ass. I was imagining that the lotion was my cum, and once again, I realized that my cock was hard, and quite bound up in my shorts. I leaned over her and started to rub in the lotion, but she told me to kneel on the chaise closer to her. As I worked the lotion into her upper back, she reached between my legs, and began to fondle my hard cock and my balls. "Oh... my goodness... you're quite hard already!" she said. "Why don't you unzip those shorts, and set that bad boy free?" I stood up, unzipped, and dropped my shorts and my boxers to the ground, then knelt next to her again, and began to rub in the lotion. Once again, I felt her reach back and take my cock in her hand. Then she cupped my balls, and began to gently squeeze them between her fingers. 

My cock was huge, and she was making me harder with each stroke. She reached over, scooped some lotion into her hand, and began to run in over my cock. The feeling was awesome. She stroked my cock with the lotion, smoothly running her tight fist up and down, pausing at the tip for just a second, and then pumping back to the root.

Every three or four strokes, just as I was starting to think seriously about cumming, she would stop that, and go back to fondling my balls. I kept on working on her back, then moved slowly down to her ass, where I massaged the lotion all over them. I began to run my fingers along her cunt, stroking firmly inside, around, fondling her clit, and pumping my fingers in and out of her hot cunt in match to her strokes on my cock.

It was like a contest, both of us aching to cum, but holding back, desperately trying to make the other cum first. What a game! I fingered her deeply, pushing the pad of my finger down on the inside of her pussy, finding that spot that would put her over the edge. She gasped out loud, then pulled hard on my cock, stroking down to its crown, and suddenly, I was pouring my cum out in her hand, on her back, and across her ass cheeks. Thick streams of cum shot out, exploding from the tip of my cock, as she furiously pumped it, and milked me to emptiness, completely satiated. My orgasm had been so intense that I didn't realize she had cum, too. Both of us had just given each other a spectacular hand job, and now we were trying to breathe again.

She reached over, pulled me down on the chaise, and pulled herself on top of me, completely straddling me. Her wet pussy was parted by my semi-hard cock, and she began to slowly slide her pussy up the length my cock. Then she slowly pushed back and slid her pussy all the way down. Back and forth, very slowly, she moved her wet pussy, and both of us could feel my cock begin to respond and thicken. As it did, she pretended to not notice, and leaned forward, planting her mouth firmly on mine. She explored my mouth with her tongue, running it deeply into my mouth, and then swirling about my lips. She really knew how to kiss; I was drawn into her kiss and was becoming very turned on. She was kissing me wildly, and at the same time, rubbing her pussy up and down on my cock. I wanted to fuck this woman and I wanted to fuck her right now! I grabbed her ass, flipped us both over onto her back, then pulled back just enough to slam my rock-hard cock deep into her cunt. She clutched my back with her hands, pulling my tightly to her, and wrapped her legs tightly around me, her feet pressed against my ass cheeks, as she pulled me into her. 

I started to fuck her like a bull in full rut. I rammed my cock into her pussy to the hilt, then pulled almost completely out, then slammed all the way back in. She met my every thrust, pushing her cunt up, as my cock plunged downwards into her. I hammered her with my all, my entire being and focus inside that hard cock, pounding her pussy. We were both sweating, and she was clawing my shoulders. I held my mouth against hers, my mouth sucking and holding her tongue, as I kept on pumping into her. 

We both knew we were close, and I could feel the cum building in my balls, readying for that explosion of lust. I kept pounding into her and then it happened: we both hit the top at the same time. She clutched me tightly with her entire body, and I could feel the tremors running the length of her, as she gasped and kept yelling, "YES YES YES YES!!!" My balls let loose their load and I could feel my hot cum spurting and spurting and spurting into her cunt. "Oh FUUUUUUUCCCCCCKKKKKK MEEEEEEE!" we both yelled at the same time... and we did! It seemed like it would never end, and we hoped it wouldn't, but finally, we were completely spent, and I stopped pumping. Her pussy still tightly gripped my cock, and I once again kissed her. She met my kiss with her own, and we tenderly enjoyed the afterglow of our orgasms while kissing each other deeply and passionately.

My cock slipped out of her, and I stood up, helping her to her feet. She walked ahead of me into the house, and then asked to "borrow" some shorts and a T-shirt. It seems that her First Saturday Suck and Fuck Club gift was to show up completely naked, which she had done. She'd arranged for my "office buddy" to drop her off without clothes, and she had walked around the side yard and parked herself on my pool chaise. After I found her a couple things to cover her up, she phoned for her ride, and when we heard the car pull up, she kissed me again, and was out the door.

FSSF CLUB MONTH FIVE

The day before the first Saturday of the month, my office buddy, Suzanne, walked into my office, and placed a sealed box on my desk. "Don't open this until you get home. Then, tomorrow morning, put them on, and follow the written instructions exactly. Your fifth First Saturday Suck and Fuck Club gift will arrive at 10:00am." She smiled, and as she started to walk away, she lifted the back of her skirt, to reveal nylons and garter belt, and no panties! Damn! I was hard the rest of the afternoon thinking about that shot.
