 Life never goes the way you think it is going to go. Sometimes it is for the worse and sometimes it is for the better. It is just one of those things that you have to be fluid with. You can plan and try to figure out all the details but chances of life sticking to that plan you made are not very likely in my experience.

So first and foremost my name is Brooke. I started off a very not planning person. Stepping foot into college I had no idea what I wanted to be, no map of how to get there, no real care that I lacked either. College was about me being on my own, and doing what I wanted to do. So for two and a half years I majored in general studies during the week and my weekends were full of friends, parties, and sex. Yes, you heard me right, sex.

Growing up in my household most things were flexible except that my father felt no reason we needed to be dating and absolutely no reason to be having sex or even thinking about it. My father saw me kiss my prom date once, which he was already unhappy about, and he told him that he wasn't welcome back at our house. I spent my high school years hearing about people dating and trying things and I was an outsider.

College was my freedom card. I lived in my dorm room, not my parent's house, so my life was mine to control and I was ready to have some fun. So for two and a half years I explored my options and sewed my wild seeds.

Halfway through my junior year it clicked when a party friend of mine was on her fifth year of college and no closer to a degree then when she first came through the doors. I was having a lot of fun but maybe it was time to be thinking about doing something more. I made an appointment with my college advisor and actually settled on a major and began looking to the future.

The next change into my future was meeting Justin. It was the normal song and dance as I went to a party looking to have a good time and during the party a guy came up and started talking to me. Justin was different though even if I couldn't say what it was. We didn't have sex that night. We actually traded numbers and began dating. I guess it was time to put my days of one-night stands and party sex behind me as well.

For the next two years, life became more serious as I now had a serious boyfriend and direction. I began to become a planner. My party attendance dropped as I focused more on my degree and my free time was spent with Justin. I guess party missed my free and easy life from before but I was growing up and I felt it had been a fair trade for what I was getting.

About six months after graduating college Justin asked me to marry him and I said yes. A small company offered me a job handling their accounting department and the plan was on for the house, white picket fence, and everything else. Friends would call or we would go grab a drink and we'd talk about the wild days and remember them as the good times.

One year later I would not have expected a decision I would make would take me down the road it would. I was sitting at my desk talking with a co-worker about being able to keep clothes clean. I couldn't tell you the specifics about how we came to it but we made a bet for ten dollars that I couldn't wear white pants to work and keep them clean all day long. I bet that I could and he bet that I couldn't.

The following day I wore my white pants to work and managed to win the bet by keeping them clean all day long. Now the white pants I wore I knew they were form fitting so I had to wear a thong with them to keep from showing my panty lines. I did not know though that under commercial lighting in a building they were slightly see through or at least to the point that you could see that I was wearing a thong. I also knew that my boss liked me but I felt it was just in the way an employer likes an employee that is nice and good working. The day I wore my white pants I think I saw my boss about three times as much as I do on a normal day and he seemed to always be super nervous when he was talking. In fact, I saw a lot more of my male coworkers that day than normal days.

It was three days later that my ignorance would get a wakeup call. My sixty something year old boss Tom called me to his office. He asked me to close the door, which he never does, and we talked about standard business for about five minutes. I thought we were almost done when he started saying how good I looked the other day in my white pants and about how I just lit up on the office everyday with my smile and good looks. This is when it finally clicked in my brain that my boss was attracted to me. On one had I was liking the praise but on the other hand my sixty plus something boss was hitting on me. I gave a small smile and laugh and got out as soon as I could.

That night at home I was nervous to talk about my work day with Justin. He was my husband and I'm sure he wouldn't appreciate knowing that my boss of all people was hitting on me or at least had a crush on me. Considering though that I normally did talk about my day and vent to him he was quick to know something was wrong. I finally caved in and told him about Tom's flirting and the added attention with my outfit. To my surprise he was not angry, he simply shook his head and laughed.

Now would be a good point to mention Justin and I share a good sex life together. We like bringing toys into the bedroom, role playing with each other, lingerie, dressing up, little games, you name it we have fun with it. Well that night Justin and I had some intense sex. Our sex was good normally and neither of us had complaints or went without orgasms or satisfaction but that night Justin was out to fuck me like a beast. It was super satisfying for both of us.

About a week passed before the next major change hit me. I had been feeling super awkward around my boss at first but things were going back to normal. Maybe he was sensing I was returning his affection and was backing off. I was lying in bed at home next to Justin and we had just finished having sex when he asked me if I was attracted to my boss. To say this caught me off guard was an understatement. I at first thought it might be a badly timed joke. It was also this moment when Justin asked me if I knew what a hot wife was. This I drew a blank to besides a wife that was considered attractive. Justin told me that it was a fun little sexual game and that he would send me a link tomorrow and told me to get some sleep. Good luck there and thanks sweetie.

My sleep was filled with weird dreams of my boss telling me I looked good and Justin simply sitting there and shaking his head while laughing a little. To say I didn't sleep well would be an understatement. The next morning, I tried to get more out of Justin about why he asked me the questions and what he was sending me and he just told me to relax and not worry so much. More stuff that wasn't going to happen.

At worked I checked my phone and email like I was waiting for a lottery check to come through on one of them. Justin kept me waiting till just after lunch before I got his text with an online address.

The site explained the idea of a couple and more specifically a wife becoming a hot wife. A married woman would begin having sex outside of her marriage but unlike a typical affair the husband would often know about it. In fact, the woman would often tease her husband with photos, text, or even calls. Now I really had no idea why Justin had asked me about this. Was he wanting me to role play this with him? Did he actually want to do something like this? My focus for the rest of the afternoon was shot and as soon as the end of the work day was there I was out the door.

Justin was sitting on the couch waiting for me. I sat down across from him and went to start asking questions when he raised his hand and asked me to listen for just a little bit. He went on to explain that this had been something he had come across a couple of years ago that had been a huge turn on for him. He had been expecting it to pass like a lot of things eventually do but it had actually become even more of a sexual attraction for him. He said he had often thought about telling me about it but he was unsure of how I would act. The incident with my boss had been a turning point for him though and his desire to pursue this had gone through the roof. In a closing statement he told me that if I found this to be disgusting to simply let him know and he would never bring it up again but to please not judge him or start yelling and to simply let it sink in. With that he went into the kitchen and began working on making dinner.

It was an awkward night as not much conversation went on. I did as he asked though and let his words sink in as I processed them and how I felt about all of it. What do you say when your husband says he wants you to have sex with someone else and tell him about it? Justin and I are very sexual and open to a lot of things so we this really out of line? When we got married we agreed to forsake all other but we weren't really religious people. We didn't go to church so was it not a real vow or did it change because it was my husband telling me to stray? The whole thing made my head hurt way more than it probably should have.

For the next week though I was in a weird spot. Everything went back to the way it had been before. Justin said nothing about or conversation and my boss had gone back to his usual friendly self before I had been made aware of his attraction to me. The only one that seemed to be off was myself as the thoughts went through my head. It was finally a friend that helped me clear things up, even though she had no idea.

It was a Tuesday night when a friend from college was passing through town. We got together for a few drinks and started talking about our wild times. As we discussed the one-night stands, sexual dares, and stupid other stuff we did it occurred to me that this would have been something the old me would have found to be a turn on as well. Had Justin asked me to do this my first two years of college I wouldn't have even had to think that much about it.

As I got home I passed by the full length mirror in the hallway. For some reason I thought I looked more recognizable that I had looking in that mirror before. I actually smiled at myself in the mirror out of vanity or something. As I walked into the kitchen and Justin said hello I told him that we should try it. His only reply was a smile. I got the best sleep that night that I had in around two weeks. 

Now looking into hot wife activities and methods people used for their games you can come about with several hundreds of things to do and engage in. Since this was a trial run for both of us we decided to keep things simple. The plan was to wear my white pants again and hopefully get my boss' attention again. This time if he started flirting though I would play back. Hopefully at some point he would ask me to have sex with him and then I would just keep Justin informed of all the details so he would literally know I was going out to have sex with another man. 

Now if you're simply sitting there reading this you're probably saying something along the lines of this sounds super simple and not exciting enough but for me my heart felt like it was going to jump out of my chest when I was simply getting dressed in my own house. Walking into work I was pretty sure I was going to have a heart attack. You would have sworn I was getting ready to have sex for the very first time ever. I tried my best to pretend it was just another day and do my job.

It took about two hours before I felt a hand on the small of my back and I recognized the cologne my boss wore. I turned around with a smile as my heart began to race again. He complimented me on my outfit, not calling out specifics, and went into some small chat. His hand never left my back. I tried to seem flirting smiling a lot and playing with my hair as we chatted. I might have been trying too hard and been kind of obvious looking back on it but that was what I was kind of going for. It must have done something though as he told me there was a customer that was having some issues that he was going to dinner with and he wanted me to go with him to be able to cover some of the account details in better detail. I agreed to and then we went our separate ways.

Back at my desk I had a little relief about trying to seduce my boss since we kind of had a date but then I began to feel a little anxious about the dinner. I reminded myself that it was a customer dinner, which I had done before, so chances were nothing would happen till the end of the evening if anything happened at all. Maybe I was really overthinking this. Maybe I was going to have a heart attack and drop dead before any of this happened. 

Lucky for me Justin didn't push. Either he sensed my nervousness or was just being nice but after I got home and told him about the dinner he didn't bring it up again. I had two days where things could almost go back to being normal. As I thought about it more and more I told myself that this was a standard work meeting I had done before. There was a high chance we would go to the dinner, put on the company song and dance before saying goodnight and heading our separate ways. Afterwards I planned on coming home and telling Justin that this was something I couldn't do and then moving on. Truth was that I wasn't that wild young girl going through college anymore. I was a married woman with a career and a future.

By the night of the dinner I had actually convinced myself that nothing was going to happen and by tomorrow morning this odd sexual detour would be over. I dressed in a nice skirt and top. Nothing too short, tight or scandalous. I got a little anxious when Justin came up to me and gave me a condom. My mind telling me that I had originally been intending on having sex with a man other than my husband tonight. I smiled and put it in my purse. Out of sight and out of mind. We hugged, kissed, and I was on my way.

On getting to the restaurant I felt pretty good and happy. I walked from my car to the front door with purpose. As I walked in I got my first loop of the night when I looked over and saw my boss sitting at a table that was only meant for two. Confidence just went back to the car and anxiousness and nervousness are here to stay. My mind finally stepped in and told me this had been the original purpose and clearly my boss had taken the bait. I smiled and waved as I began working my way over to the table.

As I sat down my boss went into an excuse as to why our client had cancelled on the dinner but how he had promised me dinner and intended to keep that promise. I only half heard it as I stared at him and started questioning what I was doing. He was in his sixties and I was in my twenties. Why had we chosen him for this little experiment? I'm sure we could have gone to a bar and I could have picked up someone to have sex with. I had never sought out older men before. Why would I seek out the man that controls my job to have sex with? Was this simply because he was the only one that approached me?

Then it was welcome back to reality as I noticed he had stopped speaking. In my mess of mental questions, I hadn't been paying attention to anything he had been saying. I had no choice but to simply apologize and say that something had been going on in my head. Luckily he smiled and we went into standard conversation about work.

Dinner was actually pleasant and the subject of sex never came up. I felt that was about to change though as I began to see the signs of a nervous person in him sitting across from me. I laughed inside as clearly this had to be the saddest example of an employer having an office fling with an employee. 

After a few minutes he confessed to having a huge crush on me and being in a sexless marriage for so long. I hadn't even bothered to consider if he was married. He told me that he had always found me to be beautiful and had struggled to fight it. The day when I came in wearing the white pants though he had been able to see my thong and his imagination had run wild getting the better of him. He apologized again and said that he had probably been making a fool out of himself with the flirting and dinner.

Great, now I felt sorry for him as he told me all of this. How was I supposed to respond? I hadn't even thought about him being married so now it was double cheating? Unable to think of anything good I went with the truth. I told him about hot wives and how it had been a desire of my husbands and to some extent I had wanted to pursue it as well. I told him that when he had flirted with me in his office that my husband and him thought he would be a good test run for how this all was to play out. When I got done I was going between I am about to get fired and we're about to have a good laugh about this. He responded with telling me that if I was willing he did want to have sex with me and he felt this was the only way he could clear his head. I nodded and flashed a smile.

We decided to be simple and go to the hotel across the street. Once again I felt like this was going to be my first time as my stomach was in my throat. As we walked it felt like everyone was looking at us, knowing what we were about to be doing. The odd thing was that as we walked past people in the hotel I wondered if they were there doing the same thing.

We got to the room and walked in and I kind of jumped as the lock clicked behind me. It was a simple hotel room with two queen beds, a TV, bathroom, and a desk. We both stared at each other seeing who would make the first move. I actually laughed out loud and it felt good when he asked if he should put on a naughty movie or something. To think at one point, I considered myself to be good at this. Now was the point of no turning back. 

I turned and tossed my purse onto one of the beds and then kicked off my heels. I told him to take off his tie and jacket. He did so, tossing them on to the bed, next to my purse. I walked over and went to my knees in front of him. I could hear him breathing hard and I could feel my heart trying to jump out of my chest. I unzipped his pants and opened his boxers, reaching in I found his semi-soft penis and pulled it out. I began stroking him to get him hard. He was a good size and appeared to be clean so that was good. 

When he was hard I went for it and took him into my mouth. I didn't worry about deep throating as I just tried to get in the mood. Surprisingly my body was responding to the actions as I became quite excited about it. I was also surprised as I thought it would taste different but it still was the taste that I loved. I started really getting into blowing him and could tell he was enjoying it by the sounds he was making. I slid my free hand down my skirt and underwear and began playing with myself as I kept going.

I was really getting into it when his hands pulled my head off of his dick and pulled me to my feet. He pushed me down on the bed and started pulling my skirt off. I did manage to remember the condom and told him to get it as I took off my underwear and finished hiking up my skirt around my waist. He ripped open the package and quickly put it on coming back over to the bed. I spread my legs as he got between them putting the head at my opening. There was no slow start as he shoved into me quickly and began doing hard and deep thrust into me. My orgasm was building quickly as I laid down on the bed and closed my eyes.

After about ten deep thrust both of us were breathing heavy and he did one more holding it against my body. I tighten up as my orgasm hit. By the fact he stopped thrusting and was grunting heavily I believe his was as well. We stayed that was for a minute or so it seemed before both of us relaxed. He pulled out of me and stood up leaning against the wall. As I sat up I saw his penis wrapped in the condom full of his semen. We both kind of smiled before he said he was going to clean up in the bathroom. 
