 It was perhaps one of the most exciting weekends of my life. Angela and I had only been dating a short while, when we decided to go for the weekend to the beach with a couple of friends. Money was tight, so we shared a hotel room. Already, the sexual tension was so thick; you could cut it with a knife. 

When we got to the room, our friends decided to go 'take a shower', to freshen up from the drive. Angela and I found ourselves alone in a room with a bed for the first time ever. It was a matter of no time before I had her clothes removed.. and laid her back on the bed. Taking a moment to let my eyes drink in the beauty of this woman I would come to love, I then slid into the bed beside her. My lips found hers as my right hand gently ran over her body. There was so much I wanted to do, and so little time. From passionate kisses with our mouths entwined, my mouth found my way down to her neck. Gentle kisses and nibbles brought soft moans of passion, even as my hand traced a lazy path around her breasts, lightly teasing her nipple, then moving down to her belly. 

My mouth seemed to have a mind of it's own and my tongue traced across her throat, to the hollow there. Her back arching from my featherlike touches on her belly and sides. I let my tongue roam slowly downward, trailing along her breasts, circling her nipples without actually touching them. Then I reveled in her gasp as suddenly I suckled first one then the other into my mouth, nibbling and flicking my tongue across each.

Knowing our time was limited, I reluctantly left her beautiful breasts, and continued downward to where my fingers were already roaming. I paused only briefly at her belly button to tickle it with my tongue. As I ran my tongue slowly through my lover's pubes, pausing to catch them in my teeth and tug on them lightly. 

As if suddenly coming out of a daze, she whispered, "You mean you WANT to do that? Oh my Go...." Her comment was cut off as I let my actions speak for themselves; I parted her thighs and slid between them. Running my tongue lightly over her already wet slit. Ignoring her clitoris for the moment, I let my tongue work between her lips, spreading them with long motions. Only when her flower was fully receptive of my attention did my tongue move upward to her clit. Long broad strokes of the tongue brought moans of desire from Angela. Then, suckling her clit into my mouth, I let my tongue dance in varying patterns over it. As her moisture increased, I allowed my fingers back into play. Slipping first the middle, then the ring finger in, I curved them upward slightly, stroking in and out in a steady motion. I could feel her pussy gripping my fingers hungrily as I released her clit and began a steady, but ever so slightly altering flicking of my tongue across her clit. Matching the thrust of my fingers, I continued, looking up at her arching body as the first waves of orgasmic bliss slowly crept upon her. 

One of her hands found it's way to my head, entwining mindlessly through my hair, alternating massaging and tugging at my hair as her hips thrust in time to me. The other had grabbed a pillow to pull over her head to muffle the sounds she was making. As her body slowly came out of it's arch, I eased my fingers out of her slowly.. giving her soaked pussy one more kiss, before moving up next to her to hold her.

We both had to laugh when we realized there was a pronounced repeated rattling at the bathroom door. Apparently, our friends had finished their shower some time before, and were trying to politely tell us to hurry the hell up. 

After an embarrassing moment, and scurrying to get her dressed, the four of us set out to explore the hotel. I could go on and on about how beautiful it was. How much fun the salt-water hot tub was. (A mini-story within itself) But what this led to was much more interesting.

After a long day playing in the sun, both on the beach, and at the pool. We all decided it was time to crash. I fell asleep with Angela tucked up close to me. Sometime after midnight, a severe thunderstorm woke me, to find her trembling in my arms. Holding her close I spoke softly, trying to reassure her. Tears were in her eyes and she told me how embarrassed she was being so scared of a storm. I guess she was expecting me to laugh at her. But my response was to kiss her gently and tell her it was okay.

The one kiss led to another, as the storm raged on outside. Fear fell way to passion, as we let our hands roam each other's body in the kisses. A moment of listening to our friends' steady breathing reassured us they were deep in sleep. So, onward we proceeded. Neither of us was wearing much. She a pair of baggy sweats and a T-shirt, myself, just a pair of shorts. In a flash we stripped each other, this time, desire lending speed to our actions.

Once we both were naked, our hands roamed even more as I began kissing her neck and shoulders. Soft moans of lust came from her mouth and mine, as my hand slid down across her belly to the patch of soft hair covering her mound. Spreading her thighs as my fingers lightly moved across, she allowed me full access. Finding her already soaked with excitement, I paused to check the breathing of our friends again. Apparently the alcohol we had imbibed during the day had a greater effect on them, as they were still sleeping.

Wasting no time, I shifted, sliding between her thighs. Nervous now, knowing that we could wake our friends with too much noise, I paused just short of entering her. She wrapped her legs around me, to urge me on, thinking I was teasing her. It was too much to resist; slowly I sank the length of my cock into her. Pushing gently, until my balls were against her, then pushing a little more. Fully inside her, I heard her give a slight gasp. I let her adjust, before beginning a steady rhythmic motion. Pulling nearly out of her, then thrusting back in. 

Stifling a moan I reveled in the tightness of her pussy, even as I heard a soft moan escape her lips. Moving at a steadily increasing pace, I leaned down and kissed her again, hoping our kisses would cover what noises we could not hold back. Even as the storm raged outside with lightning illuminating the sky, We made love with the same electric desire. The deep rumbling of the thunder merely set a tone for the music of our passions. And the pouring rain was the background for the symphony we created.

As the storm played out itself in a fierce display, so did our lovemaking. I do not know how much time passed before finally we succumbed, or how many orgasms passed through her before I erupted inside her. But I know we lay there in utter exhaustion. Worn out from the vigorous encounter.. we lay there wrapped in each other, blissful. 

Right up until the time my buddy piped up.. "Finally, you two are finished." Apparently, we were not quite as quiet as we thought. Laughing, still enclosed in the dark, we slid back into our bedclothes. From the sounds, my buddy went back to sleep, and his girlfriend slumbered on. Blissfully unaware of what had occurred. Angela and I fell back to sleep, very relaxed, and quite possibly the last time she was scared during a storm.

Please be gentle, as it has been some time since I have written. 