 It was breezy, starry March night. The breeze brought a slight chill to the air but I welcomed it with open arms. I was used to the weather in Florida but I missed the chilly night air that I was feeling at that moment. Even though it was breezy and chilly, I felt as though I were on fire, the flames burning deep within me like a forest blazing out of control. 

The only thing I can blame that feeling on, is Brian. I was in his arms, feeling his warmth surround me, making me feel safe and aroused all at the same time. It was wonderful. I never thought I could feel this way before, this was a feeling I had only read and dreamt about for so long and now, it was really happening. I kept pinching myself to make sure it was real and not another dream. 

Oh, I had plenty of dreams about him, more than I'd like to admit to anyone, most were erotic but some were so meaningful and romantic that I actually woke-up with tears streaming down my face. I never wanted that night to end but it was early so I knew that I had many more memories to make before the night was over. 

The evening started when Brian came to my hotel room with an arm full of carnations, dressed in evening attire and a glorious evening planned for us. I wasn't expecting him until the next day so I wasn't prepared for his arrival. I wasn't wearing anything special, just my usual attire of boxers and a T-shirt. 

So when I got a knock at the door, I was surprised to say the least, but when I opened the door and saw him standing there, with an arm full my favorite flowers, I almost fainted right then and there. 

I recovered quickly and thanked him for the flowers and then I scolded him for coming to see me and not telling me he was coming. I told him that it wasn't proper for a gentleman to see a lady when she wasn't looking her best. He looked me right in the eye and said that I looked absolutely beautiful. Well, I melted right there and he knew it! He told me to get dressed because we were going out, and I was not to argue with him because it was a battle I was sure to lose. 

I did what he said, putting on the black velvet dress I had brought with me, talking to him as I did my make-up and finished getting ready. The very second he saw me I knew that I had his approval. It was just his look that gave me that idea it was his "body" language that tipped me off. He asked if he could use my bathroom before we left and I told him he could, I figured he needed to splash some cold water on his face and anywhere else that might need it. 

After a few minutes, he returned and we were off to a night full of surprises, for both of us. He had an agenda and I had mine. Both meeting in certain places but neither one knowing where nor when that may happen. 

We went to a tiny little restaurant, where he ordered for both of us, on my request. We made small talk before and during the meal. Afterwards, we went to a small club that had a 4-piece band that played all types of music. We ordered a drink and sat in silence until he appeared with out drinks. I couldn't take my eyes off of him. 

Finally after about 10 minutes of silence, I asked him to dance. The band was playing a slow song that I recognized as "The Power of Love" by Celine Dion. From the moment he took my hand and led me to the dance floor, I knew that I was in heaven, or more like heaven on earth. And when he took me in his arms and pulled me close to him, I felt my knees go weak and I had to hold on to him for support. I felt like I was dancing on air with the only other person on the face of the earth.

As we swayed to the music and held eachother, I looked deep in his eyes and told him, with my eyes, to kiss me. I think he was listening because he leaned down and softly pressed his lips to mine and I felt as if I were flying. Soaring through the sky like an eagle. As we broke the kiss, the song ended. Perfect timing I thought to myself. 

We went back to our table and smiled at eachother as we sipped our drinks and made more small talk. He asked me if I wanted to go to a special place where we could be alone, except for the stars in the sky. I jumped at the chance to be alone with him, and to be with him under the stars, was even better. 

It took about 25 minutes to get there from the club. We chatted a little bit during the drive but it was mostly silent and that gave me time to get a hold of myself. 

When we arrived, he told me to stay in the truck and keep my eyes closed. I did as I was told. I heard him open the tail-gate and move some things around and then close it. I didn't hear anything else for what seemed like an eternity but what turned out to be only 5 minutes. 

He then opened my door, took my hand and led me about 50 yards from the truck and told me to stand there, with my eyes shut and he would be right back. He went and closed the door and came back to me. He told me to keep my eyes shut just a little while longer. I heard him moving around but I couldn't tell what he was doing until I heard a pop and then pouring, then I heard a match and that's when he told me to open my eyes. 

Well, if I thought he was wonderful before, he stepped up to amazing at the very second I saw what he had done. There was a huge blanket with candles, champagne, and soft music was playing in the background. He sat down and motioned for me to sit down next to him. I needed to be near him worse than I needed to breathe. 

He turned and looked into my eyes and kissed me again, this time it was a quick kiss but it had the same effect on me. I snuggled up to him and he put his arm around me and we just sat there and gazed up at the stars. I started to feel a chill but I didn't want to tell him so I sat there and was cold. At some point I started to shiver, despite the warmth from his body. 

Well, he was prepared for this and with a minute's time, we were wrapped in a soft flannel blanket. We sat there, sipping champagne and gazing up at the stars. I finished my drink and handed him my glass. He asked if I wanted another and I said no He finished off the rest of his drink and put our glasses aside and put both of his arms around me and nuzzled his face in my hair. 

He let out a soft moan and told me how good my hair smelled. I reached up and started nibbling on his left ear as my hand ran up and down his back. I soon felt his breath quickening as my lips trailed down to his neck, HIS weakness. 

I started to kiss and suck on his neck. Gently biting here and there. I let my left hand slip down his chest to his aching, throbbing cock. He gasped as I laid my hand on his cock and I took it away and placed it on his leg but he put it back there and pressed my palm into him. He pulled away from me and kissed me with a certain forcefulness that I welcomed and needed from him. 

Then, he kissed MY neck. MY melting spot. I let out a soft moan as my hand started to massage his cock through his pants. He kisses became harder and faster, his breath was heaving in and out of his chest in quick gasps. I knew right then what was going to happen and I wanted it as bad if not more than he did but I was going to follow his lead because I didn't want to mess this up. 

He gently pushed me down onto my back and positioned himself over me and then we kissed and it felt as if he was kissing my soul. He rolled over and pulled me on top of him. He started to unzip my dress as I unbuttoned his shirt and removed it. He pulled my dress over my head so all I was wearing was my garder-belt and strapless bra. My breasts were glistening in the moonlight from the beads of sweat that had collected there.

I leaned down and kissed him as his hands slipped down my body. He soon realized that even though I had on a garder-belt and stockings, I wasn't wearing any panties. I felt his cock jump as he ran his hands over the soft, smooth skin of my ass. 

I pushed my hips down into him and he let out a loud moan. I asked him what he wanted me to do and without hesitation he asked me to suck his cock. Oh god how I wanted to worship his cock with my lips and tongue and make love to it with my mouth.

I slid down his body, kissing my way down his chest, stomach and then finally I undid his zipper with my teeth as I unbuttoned his pants. I slid his pants off in a whisper and had his boxers off just as quickly. I just stared for a moment at his cock. My mouth watering at the sight of his throbbing, rock-hard cock.

I kissed the head softly and then ran my tongue all around the tip. I heard him gasp and then moan as my tongue ran up and down his cock. His fingers began to run through my hair as I sucked the head of his cock into my mouth. I sucked it ever so gently. I felt him pushing my head down and I allowed him to do so. 

I went all the way down on him until my lips were on the base of his cock. I could feel the head of his cock pulsating in the back of my throat and I moaned. I knew he could feel the vibration of my voice on his cock and I moaned again, knowing how much pleasure this was bringing him. 

I slowly sucked my way to the top of his cock and then went all the way back down on him. Over and over again I did this. Tasting the precum that had started to flow freely and loving the taste, wanting more, needing more. 

But he pulled me up on top of him again and kissed me deeply and passionately. I knew he could feel the burning desire radiating from my soaking wet pussy and I thought he was going to take me right then, but he surprised me. He rolled me over onto my back and he went down on me, worshiping my pussy with his lips and tongue. 

His tongue ran up and down my slit several times until I felt his lips close around my clit. He began to suck it as his tongue flicked over it with such speed that I exploded right there. I arched my back and moaned over and over again as I felt myself beginning to cum. He knew what was going to happen so he plunged his tongue deep inside me as my pussy tightened and then released in a flood of hot juices. He sucked and licked up every sweet drop until I finally pulled him up and kissed him. Tasting my pussy on his lips and tongue. 

He slid all the way on top of me and I encircled his waist with my legs as he eased his way into me. As I felt the head of his cock pressing into my pussy I felt our souls and bodied become one. I felt him press into me, all the way and then I heard a moan arise from his lips and I knew that he felt the same thing that I had.

He started slowly, kissing me with each stroke until neither he nor I could stand it and he picked the pace up until he was slamming himself into me again and again until I felt himself about to explode and then he stopped. 

He asked me if I wanted him to take me from behind and I answered with a smile. He rolled off me and I got on my hands and knees. I felt his hands grip my hips as I felt him ease himself back inside me. I let out a moan that was purely from ecstasy. 

I began to slam my hips into his as he began to pound me. Faster and faster, deeper and deeper until I knew that he and I were going to explode. I felt his grip getting tighter and tighter. I called out his name over and over again..

"Brian, Brian, oh god, Brian, I'm gonna cum". 

He answered my call with one of his own.."Airy, Airy, oh Airy, I'm gonna cum baby".

I worked towards my cum and just I was getting ready to release all that was built up I felt him let go of my hips and slam himself deep inside me and then he exploded right then and there. The feeling of his cock exploding inside me made me soar higher and higher into the exctasy I was feeling.

So there we were, two lovers, sharing the most precious thing two people can share, under the stars, joining our bodies in a harmonious act of passion. Spent, he rolled over onto his back and tried to catch his breath as did the same. We layed there for a few minutes just taking in the night and then he pulled me over to him and I rested my head on his chest as he nuzzled his face in my hair once again. 

I'm not sure how long we stayed like that but I do know that we watched the sunrise from that spot. After the sun had risen, we dressed, packed up and headed back to the city.

We arrived at my hotel a little after 8am.We spent the rest of my time in town together. He stayed with me, on my insistence. He only left me once to go and get some of his things from his place and then he was all mine. We made love over and over again but it was never as special as The First Time. 

THE END