 Chapter One - Introduction

She was an only child, the daughter of a Chinese father and German mother, she was born in France, her parents christening her Alicia. Her parents loved her and raised her carefully and lovingly. She was four years old when I met her for the first time. I was twenty five at the time and a friend of her parents. 

Alicia was a happy talented girl and as a young child growing up she did all the things that young girls of her age did. She played with her dolls, dressing them up and nursing them as babies. As she entered her early teens Alicia began to display her talent as a writer. She would make up stories, mostly childish romances of boy meets girl and they get married and live happily ever after. 

At school Alicia had many friends and when she turned fourteen started to take an interest in boys. She was not promiscuous though and being the true romantic kept herself for her Prince Charming. At nineteen she had matured into a small girl of about five feet two inches with tiny, perfectly shaped breasts and black straight hair flowing down to her waist. 

She then met the boy that she believed would be her Prince. His name was Pierre and he was two years older than her. She met him one summers evening in Paris when she was out with two of her girl friends. She started talking with him and liked him a lot, so she swapped phone numbers before going home. That night Alicia lay in her small single bed dreaming of Pierre. She imagined making love with him, her hand sliding down between her legs massaging her clit, rubbing across it, feeling the heat come off it, as waves of electric lust shot from her pussy to her nipples: which became hard with expectancy. 

She continued to pleasure, herself bringing herself to the brink, feeling her orgasm boil deep inside her, as her pussy started to pulse, gripping her fingers in a vice like grip, until it happened and she felt her stomach clench as her hips rose and her pussy boiled, the come racing up and out; pouring out, flowing across her thighs leaving her with a very wet and sticky pussy. She got out of bed and walked naked to the bathroom to clean herself off. Returning to bed she slept soundly.

It was a week later that Pierre phoned, asking her out to a party. Alicia excitedly accepted. That week she thought about the party and Pierre. Every evening after school she would try different clothes on. First she tried a black dress with white waistcoat and red scarf and then she put on jeans with form fitting tee shirt. Not satisfied she tried a short denim skirt with red flowing shirt before settling on tight black jeans with a light cotton shirt. She did not wear a bra. With her small breasts, she hardly ever wore one.

Chapter Two – Alicia Gives Herself

At 6pm on the following Saturday Pierre met Alicia at her parent's house, taking her in his old 1950's Citroen, with a running board and spare wheel on the side. It had a soft top that could be pushed back and the upholstery was leather. Alicia thought it the sexiest car ever. They drove in silence to the party and walking inside grabbed a wine before sitting down with other revelers eating snacks and drinking cheap red wine. The music was the current popular music of the time and the party goers were dancing to it. 

Pierre took Alicia's hand and led her onto the floor and they danced in a tight embrace, moving languidly to the music, more interested in each other than what was happening around them. Alicia's mind was moving with the music, she knew that she wanted to go further with Pierre but should tonight be the night? After all it was their first date. She clung to Pierre as they swung across the room feeling his hand on the swell of her butt. Feeling it move slowly across her tight jeans sending shocks to her pussy, as she felt it become wet, as it sent shots of hot moisture to her panties. 

She placed her head on his shoulder and hugged him closer as she felt his dick become hard and press into her jeans clad pussy. She knew that tonight was going to be the night she lost her virginity. Her body was on fire as the music stopped and every one trooped to the next room where a tasty smorgasbord had been laid out. 

Pierre took a plate and taking her hand asked her what she wanted, as she indicated the dishes he loaded her plate and pouring her a red wine sat her down, as he then helped himself. They sat side by side on a small sofa eating their meal and sipping their wine. Pierre took her plate away and returned with another glass of wine. She sat there and they made small talk, until Alicia felt his hand slide around her shoulders pulling her in towards him, his lips lightly brushing hers. Her heart was racing and her pussy was shooting more shots of hot juice to her now sodden panties.

The kiss became more urgent as Pierre sucked her tongue into his mouth, tasting it, feeling its 

texture, as his tongue rolled across hers, as his hand moved over her breast cupping it feeling its softness and the erect nipples through her dress. Alicia moaned into his mouth kissing him harder as she felt his fingers clasp her nipple, squeezing it, making her gasp. 

By this time she had collapsed against him allowing Pierre complete freedom with her mouth and breasts. Realising that it was time to find somewhere less public he took her hand leading her upstairs, finding a room with a double bed. Pulling her too him, he raised her dress up over her shoulders letting it flutter submissively to the floor. 

Alicia was now naked, but for her green thigh stockings and white panties with a thin floral design. Pierre, undressing, was allowing her to see her first inflamed, naked cock, standing hard, thick and long. She gasped, wondering how she was going to fit that into her small wet pussy. Taking her hand Pierre led her to the bed, laying her down, before lying next to her. He kissed her, his mouth locking onto hers as his tongue took possession of her mouth. Kissing passionately, their tongues dancing the waltz of love, he allowed his hand to move up onto her small white, soft breasts. Feeling them up, pressing softly against the delicate pliable flesh, listening to Alicia, moaning into his mouth. His fingers rubbed harshly across her hard rubbery nipples shooting shock waves to her soaked pussy. 

Leaving her mouth he locked onto her straining nub as she gasped and cried out feeling the erotic waves of lust shooting through her limp submissive body. His fingers and lips continued to tease and stimulate her sensitive hard nipples as she moaned and gasped. "Oh Pierre no, no, Oh give me more take me, ahhhhhhhhhhh God you are killing me." 

Pierre smiled and continued massaging her sensitive nipples, squeezing them, biting them, making her gasp and rise up against him. Her legs spread wide as she felt her soaking pussy squirt more of her love juice onto her now sex soaked panties. "OH fffffffuck yes take me, shove your prick into my wet cunt." 

Pierre's hand slid down the silken path of her torso passing the indentation of her navel to her sopping panties. Taking the hem he pulled them over her hips, as she closed her legs, assisting him to remove them. Pulling them over her hips, down her thighs and legs to her ankles where she kicked them off onto the floor.

Going down between her open legs Pierre licked up the crinkled lips of her outer labia, licking slowly, deliberately up and back down towards her arse before returning, taking the small, wet, erect clitoris in his teeth licking across it, as Alicia almost came on the spot, feeling the shooting electrical contraction through her stomach and down to her wet pussy. She gasped and her backside humped up off the bed pushing into his face.

Pierre smiled, before slipping three fingers in through the lips of her sex sliding down over the knuckle, pulling out and pushing in. His fingers were reaching around her dark steaming tunnel of lust, feeling for her G spot. At last sliding across it, Alicia screamed, her hips bucking, her legs locking over his back. As Pierre's knowledgeable fingers fucked her wet pussy.

At last he took his tool of love, slipping it down, just inside her before stopping, resting, allowing her to get used to his dick lying against her cunt, before sliding slowly, down into her wet pussy, filling her cunt with his meat before stopping again at natures barrier, he paused, allowing his hard dick to rest against her hymen before driving forward, taking her as Alicia screamed her lust, as she announced to the world that she was at last a woman. He started to move, driving slowly into her, pulling up and crashing back in as Alicia's butt rose off the bed riding with him as they worked together in rhythm. 

Alicia could feel her pussy gripping Pierre's phallus as it pounded into her, she could feel her muscles contracting around his fucking cock as she felt a boiling deep down inside her, as she realised it wasn't long before she would have her first orgasm with a man. As her stomach clenched, her hips spread and her butt rising with his cock, as it ploughed back down raking her, fucking her, as she felt her orgasm break over her, felt it pulse through her as she screamed her emotion feeling the tsunami of her first orgasm as it boiled out her. Her orgasm was washing out of her, gushing, flowing, pouring onto the mattress protector, a mix of come and blood. 

She collapsed back on the mattress, drifting into a sex induced slumber as Pierre pulled out and came on her breasts, his love juice shooting in a hard stream onto her small white breasts. They lay there, sleeping, Alicia with a leg draped across Pierre's torso. They woke up later that evening and made love again, their bodies gracefully performing an erotic dance.

The next morning as the sun rose shining its welcoming rays through the window they got up and dressing, hurried out to the car and Pierre drove her home, arriving before her parents awoke. Kissing her passionately he asked her when they could meet again and Alicia said she would meet him after school on Friday evening. This was the beginning of a two year relationship. Alicia first introduced Pierre to her parents and he became part of the family. After twelve months they bought an old warehouse and did it up. Polishing the old timber floors and dividing the building up with Chinese screens. There life was harmonious and all their friends accepted that they would get married soon.

Chapter 3 Tragedy

Alicia and Pierre lived and idyllic existence, they both had plenty of capital and their life was perfect. They made love constantly and frequented the best restaurants, bars and nightclubs. They took expensive holidays and it was whilst on one of these, staying in Niece that they were interrupted late one evening by a knock on the door of the unit they were renting. It was the police, a man and woman. Pierre invited them in and once Alicia had joined them the police woman quietly told her that her parents had been killed in a road accident outside Paris.

Alicia stood there, the colour going from her cheeks, she started to shake and tears quietly ran from her eyes. She couldn't say a thing her mind was a blank. She couldn't see, she just stood there shaking and crying. The policewoman looked to Pierre but he remained rooted to the floor so she took Alicia in her arms as she started to sob, her chest heaving with emotion, choking tears as she was helped to the couch and sat down. The policemen looked at Pierre motioning for him to take care of her but he just stood there.

An ambulance was called and Alicia was taken to hospital where a doctor gave her sedatives and gave her a private room where she slept a dreamless sleep, waking in the morning and when reality hit her she started to sob before a nurse gave her some more sedatives laying her back and letting her sleep. She remained in hospital for a week, getting out to attend her parents funeral; she collapsed at their grave side and was returned to hospital. Pierre was not with her and only visited her twice whilst in hospital.

Alicia returned to her parents house when she left the hospital, she wanted to be alone with her thoughts. She would phone Pierre asking him to come over but he always declined saying it was better if she came to grips with the tragedy alone. She went through her mother's clothes packing them up and taking them to a shop selling used clothing. She couldn't bring herself to go through her father's things; she had idolised her father, all his life he had told her stories and bits of wisdom, it was to her father she went when upset or in need of something. It was her father that she now missed so much. 

Two weeks after moving back into her parent's house she went over to the warehouse to find Pierre. Walking in and hearing music coming from the bedroom, smiling she crept to the room wanting to surprise Pierre and make love to him. Opening the screen she went to step in when she realised he was not alone. As her eyes became used to the gloom she recognised her girlfriend Puone making love with Pierre. She stood fixed to the floor Pierre was taking her doggy driving into her, his hands gripping her thighs as Puone cried his name, "Pierre fuck me, fuck me hard, you know how I love it hard and violent. Oh Pierre I love you, fuck me I am almost there Ohhhhhhh Pierre I am coming ohhhhhhhhhh ffffffffffffffffffuck its great, its gushing from me I love it." 

Finding her voice Alicia screamed, "You fucking bastards." Running from the room she collapsed onto the sofa, rolling into a ball crying, sobbing into the cushion. How could Pierre fuck her best girl friend, she had known Puone from her earliest school days. They had been inseparable, sharing everything, going everywhere together. Puone had been with her when she first met Pierre, it was Puone who always said that it was inevitable that they would get married and now she is fucking him in her bed, in her house, how could she.

Pierre came out and taking Alicia in his arms kissed her. "Get out you fucking cunt, get out and take that bitch with you, I don't want to see you again take your things and get out." When Pierre made no move to go she got up and threw a lamp that Pierre had bought as a gift, hitting him on the side of the head. Pierre walked from the room and quickly packed a bag before leaving with Puone. 

Alicia remained in the warehouse for a month before returning to her parent's house, feeling strangely stronger. She worked hard cleaning the house of the last of her parent's belongings. Selling what items she didn't want to keep. Six months later the house was auctioned, Pierre turned up just as the gavel fell. Approaching Alicia he smiled and went to hug her but she shrugged away.

"Please my sweet I am sorry, Puone and I are no longer together, let me come back to you."

"Fuck off, you are never living in the warehouse again, you can come and clear your stuff out and piss off."

Pierre approached her again and as he did Alicia struck him across the face, leaving an angry red mark where she had connected. Pierre reeled back his hand going to his face, before leaving, walking down the road his head bowed. Later that week Alicia returned from shopping to find that he had been back, removing his belongings and leaving a note. She didn't read it, screwing it up and throwing it in the bin. She then sat down and wept. All the stress and sadness of the past months seemed to dissolve from her as she sobbed, her shoulders heaving as her troubles washed from her. 

She fell to sleep on the sofa and waking the next morning felt relieved. She felt a new person, her world was changing, she was still upset about her parents and knew she would never forget that awful day but Pierre, Puone, they were now ancient history and she could get on with her life.

She didn't think she would ever trust men again and she would even hesitate about forming any really firm friendships after the betrayal she had experienced so soon after her parent's death. She returned to teaching, working as a teacher of languages at a girl's school. She enjoyed her work and even made a few friends amongst the teaching staff, although on weekends she remained aloof preferring her own company. Her parents had left her very wealthy and she could afford to accept the best life could offer. She would frequent cafes and go out into the country for weekends, yet she never formed any sexual relationships. She couldn't trust people enough to give them her love and respect.

She turned to religion, giving to God what she would have given to a lover. She went to Church twice a week and taught bible class on Thursday nights. She involved herself with charities and would work raising money for the needy on weekends. She enjoyed this work and even formed friendships with other charity workers yet she could not take these friendships that one extra place. 

She felt safer, more secure, keeping her own company. Although sitting alone at night in the warehouse she would dream of lovers. She would tell herself to get up and go to a night club meet a man and make love with him, it needn't go any further than that, but every time she started to act on it she would suddenly feel very vulnerable and would change back into her house clothes.

One afternoon as she was packing to leave the school when a teacher approached her, asking if she would attend a function at her house that weekend. Its purpose was to raise money for a charity and to look at a series of small paintings of an artist friend of hers. Alicia stammered, but decided that as it was a charity function she should attend. On the Saturday evening she dressed conservatively in a light floral dress and fawn thigh highs and open shoes. She wore a red leather hair band on her head her long black hair framing her beautiful face. 

Arriving at seven she walked nervously in accepting a glass of Burgundy and taking a piece of cheese and biscuit from a plate offered her. When she saw Dominique, the teacher who invited her she smiled and accepted her hug. Dominique took her round showing her the art and introducing her to her friend Max, the artist. He was ruggedly handsome with long shoulder length grey hair bushy eyebrows covering deep dark hypnotic eyes; Alicia blushed when he kissed her hand. Standing at six feet and wearing black slacks with a long black shirt hanging down with a red scarf around his neck. Alicia thought the shirt was long enough to double as a short dress. She smiled to herself realising that on her five foot two inch body it would double as a formal evening gown. 

Later during the gathering Max got up and addressed the guests about his life and work. After the talk his six oils of birds were auctioned. Alicia purchased all six, the money being donated to a children's home in financial difficulties. Max shuffled up to her, congratulating her on her purchase and thanking her for the donation. Seeing she didn't have a wine he gallantly offered to get her one, returning with a Burgundy and cheese platter for them both. 

She found him very easy to talk to, even relaxing. He had a smooth quiet accent, which had a calming effect upon Alicia; she hadn't spoken to a strange man since Pierre's betrayal and was finding it quietly erotic. Max's quiet accent, his choice of words, the way he payed attention to her every need made her notice the wet spot on her panties. Not since before her parent's death had she felt this aroused. It was pleasant, it was frightening, it was sexy, and Alicia was beginning to feel horny.

They talked about everything and anything. Max told her about his life as a child and his introduction to art, about previous lovers and his sadness when his twin sister was killed in a plane accident. At this Alicia's heart went out to him, she took his hand kissing it and found herself recounting the sadness of her parent's death and even Pierre's betrayal of her. They had walked out onto the patio, standing in the moonlight basking in the warm air of a Paris summer evening. 
