 Creaking of floors – the deadly fear for all sexually active teens.

I was nineteen, and a little inexperienced. I used to think I'd wait until I was married, but as I grew older I became more and more interested in sex. I owned a vibrator, dirty magazines and some lacy underwear, but I was dissatisfied, and wanted something – or someone – more. 

The small problem was that there were no men I was interested in on the horizon. The big problem was that when I lived at home, my parents were always there, and when I was a school, I had a roommate. I figured the time had come for me to do something, and not just sit around, bored and masturbating. But the perfect guy and perfect moment seemed to never arrive. That is, until Thanksgiving.

It was a pretty dull Thanksgiving, the grandparents, aunts and uncles all had arrived as usual. I was helping with the heaps of dishes when there was a knock at the door. My dad answered it, and it was my friend, Matt. I hadn't seen him in a few months, and frankly, he was looking pretty good. He had gotten interested in the gym and his gangly limbs had fleshed out very, very well. My mom excused me from the dishes, and we headed downstairs. 

"How are you?" I asked awkwardly.

"Good, good. Kind of tired, but school's going okay."

I could see him checking me out as well. I had had my final growth spurt and was now around 5'6, with rounded breasts and long red hair. He gave me a hug, one that lasted a little longer than normally. I decided that if there would ever be a good time, this would be it. I rubbed my breasts into his chest a little, and smiled.

"Matt?"

"Yeah?" He knew something was up, but didn't know what yet.

"We're both getting a little older now, and we're good friends right?" I smiled at him again, touching his arm lightly.

"Yes," he said, hesitantly.

"We can trust each other. I'm single, you're single, and we're both pretty young," I said, smiling again and moving my hand to his zipper. "Maybe it's time we had a little fun. Just for now." And with that, I took off my top, sitting there in a black pair of panties I had just bought last week. They were already a little wet.

"Um… Shannon… are you sure…? I mean… I don't want a long distance girlfriend and we would argue too much and…" At that point, I kissed him. I knew I could convince him this was all for fun in five seconds.

Our lips pressed in, and I opened my mouth a little, feeling his hot soft tongue lick and tease my mouth… I knew this would be good. His fears gone, he unhooked the back of my bra, reveling in the sight of my naked breasts. He immediately went for them, licking around my pink aureoles, occasionally stopping to nibble them. I licked his ear, trailing my tongue around the shell-like rim, eliciting groans of pleasure that distracted him from my breasts. I heard noises and laughter upstairs, and paused, listening – I could hear my mom saying, "Yes, they've always been the best of friends. See, boys and girls can be friends and nothing else, so many people don't believe that…"

I hid a grin. Sorry Mom, but a girl's gotta filled her needs. Matt continued to lick and suck my breasts, rubbing his hands near the bottom of my pants but not venturing in. I looked at him and smiled… time to give him a nice surprise. I stared at him, making sure he was watching, and went for his fly button. He breathed in sharply, and his eyes widened a little. I had heard him say so many times that he preferred blowjobs to actual sex… and I wanted to try a little cock. I eased the zipper downward, realizing his cock was already hard. I touched it lightly through his underwear and he moaned, sounding like he was in agony. I teased Matt a little, letting my tongue touch him through the fabric, knowing he could feel the hot wetness. He moaned again, shifting his hips and looking at me with begging eyes. I eased his tightening underwear, down, noticing how it suddenly sprang to attention. I just looked at it for a moment, for I had been curious as to see what a real cock looked like for a while. It stood, red and fairly large (as far as I knew at the time) and I decided to investigate a little more. I leaned forward and Matt tense in anticipation. I breathed a little on it, exhaling hot moist air, as Matt trembled, waiting. I played with his balls a little with my tongue, enjoying the salty taste, and then trailed my tongue up his rock-hard cock. He gasped again, running his fingers through my red hair. 

"Ready?" I asked.

"Oh God, Yes!"

"Are you sure?" I asked teasingly, letting my nipple rub against his hardened cock. "Please… Shannon…" I leaned forward, and began to suck the tip of it, surprised to find it already a little wet. I wet my mouth a little, letting it drip, and then rubbing his shaft and his balls with my fingers.

"Shannon?" Shit! That was my mom, calling down the stairs. "Can you come here for a minute?" I extricated my mouth, and shrugged at Matt, who was horrified.

"Coming, Mom." Well, that certainly meant Matt wouldn't be for a moment. I looked at him and smiled. Time for some fun. As I quickly put on my shirt he moved to do up his pants. "No," I said, and he looked at me blankly. "Stay exactly as you are… exactly. If I see that you've moved at all, I won't play anymore." 

"But… what if someone...?"

"That's part of the fun… Pleeease?" I leaned down and licked him a little and he quickly agreed. I went upstairs and helped my mom, who was kind of short, put away the candles in a high cupboard. Then I walked back downstairs, taking my time. He was still sitting there, exactly as he had been before, fully dressed with his hard cock sticking out. I was amused to note that it was even harder than it was before, if possible. He blushed a little, and I took my time to go and sit at his feet. I made no move to touch him, and he urgently looked at me. I moved in and started to lick and suck his delicious cock, swirling my tongue around it. He groaned, and I shook my head a little. No noise, after all my parents could come down any second. I felt his cock tighten in my mouth and he started to thrust his hips. I sunk my mouth on it as deeply as I could go and felt Matt's cock suddenly spurt into my mouth, filling it with his cum. I swallowed, delighted, and got up, sitting on his naked lap.

"So, Matt. How's your Thanksgiving going?" He laughed and kissed me.

"A lot better than I thought it would be… I'm going to have to visit you at school!" I smiled, knowing there would be many more surprises and a lot more fun in store in the future.

And there has been.