 The first time ever I saw your face, you made the sun shine in my eyes.... The first time ever I heard your voice, my heart began to melt... The first time we get to hold each other will be that little piece of heaven....

You stand before me, your hands cupping my face, your lips meet mine and you kiss me so tenderly, I have waited so long for this moment.... Your arms move to hold me, you pull me closer to you, I gaze into your eyes and you whisper softly in my ear how you have longed to hold me. I reach up and kiss you softly, my fingers undoing each button of your shirt, I want to feel your naked body against mine. I slip your shirt over your shoulders and run my fingers down your chest, leaving tender kisses all over.... You run your fingers through my hair as I kiss you, I undo your jeans and as I take them off I kneel before you.. I can see you getting so hard and I caress your cock with my fingers... 

Moving closer to you, I can feel the heat of your body, your breathing deep and powerful, I seductively lick my lips and place them around the head of your cock.. My hands are caressing the back of your thighs and I pull you closer, making me take more of you in my mouth... My tongue glides up and down your shaft, my fingers reaching to your balls, softly kneading them between my fingertips... I close my mouth around your cock and gently begin to suck you, you are moving your hips, sliding your cock in and out of my mouth... I can feel your cock throbbing, and I know that you are going to come, I suck you faster and you can feel the pressure of my lips around you... Your body tenses, the orgasm slowly building inside you, with your hand on my head you push your cock deeper into my mouth, my tongue is teasing your hard length and I feel your body begin to shake as the pleasure releases into your body... I suck you harder, wanting you to come so much, you surrender to this amazing feeling and you moan with delight as you climax.. Your come feels so warm in my mouth, you taste so sweet and I swallow all of it...

I make my way back up your body, kissing you all over until I am standing in front of you, I gaze longingly into your eyes and whisper I love you.. Your hands begin to explore my body, you remove my top and you trace your fingers over my bra, feeling the soft satin material beneath your fingertips, I moan in delight as you touch my nipples, I yearn to feel your touch on my naked breasts... You quickly undo my bra, by breasts softly bounce as you release them, you cup my breast in your hand and I can feel your tongue licking my nipple, it feels so hot against my naked skin, I can feel the electric sensation from my nipples to my clitoris, your touch is amazing, you make me feel so alive... Your hands reach to my waist, you open my trousers and slide them off, I step out of them and stand before you naked apart from my satin thong... You caress my navel, slowly trailing your hands to between my thighs, you feel how hot I am... 

You lead me to the bed and lay me on my back, crouching before me you slip off my thong, gently lifting my leg to rest on your shoulder... I can feel your breath so hot on my clitoris as you move your body closer to mine. You let your tongue find my clitoris and your gentle caress takes my breath away... Your tongue feels so hot as you slide it over my lips, gently pushing them apart, easing your tongue inside me, you can taste my sweet juices... You listen to me moan with pleasure and you softly place your lips over my clitoris, your tongue pressing hard against me.. Lifting my hips a little I move to be closer to you, you begin to slide your tongue faster, I cant resist you, nothing has ever felt so good, so right.. I feel the pleasure build inside me and I move my hips in perfect rhythm with you as I begin to climax.. the most intense feeling takes over my body and you feel my juices flowing over your tongue as I come....

You run your fingers softly down my leg as I move to lie on my side, you lie behind me placing one arm below me, you reach to caress my chest, your hand holding me firmly... Your other hand tickles my thigh and as you move closer to me I can feel your cock pressing hard against me... Your hand moves up my body and you sweep the hair from my neck, leaning closer you leave soft little kisses all the way down to my shoulder... I reach my hand to your hip, pulling you to me, I move my leg back until it is resting on yours, your cock slips easily between my thighs.... My hips move back and forth as the end of your cock connects with my clitoris, your hand firmly squeezing my breast and the other clutching my ass, the combination of pleasures suddenly explode in shimmering waves inside me and I moan coming like crazy... You quickly thrust your cock inside my aching pussy and hearing my breathless little cries arouses you even further... 

I can feel you breathing heavy on the back of my neck as you slide your cock so deep inside me... I feel so warm and moist and I push against you, we have waited so long to be as one and being with you feels so perfect... You moan softly with each thrust, feeling me so tight and hot around your throbbing cock. You hold me so close, your hand still firm on my breast teasing my nipple and your other slowly stroking my clitoris... Your thrusts get deeper and so much faster, I cant believe the feelings building inside me again... You hear my breathing getting quicker and you push your cock inside me, so much faster, your finger still rubbing my clitoris... I come again, slowly and not as intense but still so amazing... 

You pull your cock out of my pussy and I move myself to sit on top of you... I take your cock in my hand and lower myself... Feeling your cock brushing against my swollen lips I push myself down, forcing your hard length inside me... I can feel the heat and size of your cock as it slips and slides in and out of my pussy.. You sit up on the bed and take my breasts in your hands, you lean closer and begin to lick my nipples.. I grab onto your shoulders, steadying myself as I ride you... I can see you getting so hot and I pump even harder, you watch as my breasts bounce each time I push myself onto you.. You can feel your orgasm hovering, threatening to overtake you.. Your balls connecting with my ass, the sensations so arousing.. You feel the pressure building up inside you, the contractions making you moan and writhe and clutch at my hips, keeping me there, you push yourself up and deep inside me, I want to feel you coming inside me... Your orgasm takes over and the sensations make you moan louder.... hearing you arouses me further and I can feel myself willing to come again.. You raise your hips and I push myself onto your cock, I can feel your wetness mixing with mine as we come together... You hold me close as the feelings release from our bodies... 

You lay me down on the bed and softly stroke my face, gazing into each others' eyes, we are so happy, so complete... we are finally together... 

With my head resting on your chest, listening to the beating of your heart.. your arms around me I feel so safe and so content, together we fall asleep, knowing that in the morning we will wake up together.... 

At last.