 "But it's really small," an expression that she knew would get him going. She looked slyly at him, she saw his wince, knew it got to him. "I'm not complaining or anything... but I do not know that it will be big enough for me." 

Wow, that one almost stung he thought, "No worries," he snapped, "if you don't like it there is always a parachute." 

Huh, she thought, wicked man, I'll torture your ass later. "Is there really a chute?"

Glancing back he replied "naw, no room, it's way too small." 

Now he was showing an easy smile, confident as they strolled across the tarmac to the small plane. It was a single engine Lake aircraft, designed for land and water landings, he had offered her a romantic picnic and asked her if she liked flying, she had said "no." So he told her he had a really cool flying boat. Who knew it was a frigg'n plane, she really thought it was a boat. 

As far as a tin can boat like thing it was pretty, snow white with a gold and navy blue stripe running from the nose to the tail, the sun picking up the angles and curves of the wings and tail. The design seemed like it couldn't fly, the engine mounted high above the wings, cockpit forward of it all of it strapped and welded to some sort of boat hull. 

The weather was cool, a perfect September day, light breeze, fluffy clouds slowly crawling across the blue sky. 

Heat radiated from the black tarmac as they made their way across. 9:00am seemed really early but he did promise an exciting day on the water, exciting seemed like a loaded word now as she wondered if he built this thing himself.

On the promise of a romantic picnic she work a tight white tank top and carried a navy sweat shirt. On his recommendation she wore jeans and hiking shoes sensible shoes. He said nothing about panties, so she opted to go without. 

He carried a backpack and a small stainless steel cooler. He wore tan cargo pants, hiking shoes and a loose fitting light blue long sleeve shirt with a white t-shirt underneath. A leather necklace hung around his neck, a  dark blue ball cap with a dog surfing on it, and sunglasses finished the look. He looked cool she thought, and a beautiful aviators watch suggested that at least his wrist knew how to fly. 

On arrival at the plane he unlocked and lifted the canopy. Looking in she quickly remarked that it seemed to be way bigger than expected with a wry smile. 

His attempt to ignore the remark failed when she tossed her hair exposing her neck. That got him coming closer to her, moving in face to face, pushing against her, hands on her sides as he nibbled the side of her neck. She shivered felling it all the way down her back. Wow she thought, he was getting hard and she was getting moist. The attraction and lust were strong, this was going to be fun.

"Why don't you just fuck me in the plane right now?" she asked in a whisper. 

"Not yet," were the only words he uttered before he returned to her neck and ear. taking half a step back he turned her away from him and lifted her up on to the sill of the cockpit, then stepped in between her legs. With that he pushed his tongue into her mouth kissing hard, two can play at this game she thought as her hand immediately went to the bulge pushing against her. His breath changed, pulse quickened, she'd won this time. He broke the kiss, stepped back, made a show of adjusting and said "slide in."

She eased into the plane, he walked around to his side, having already done the preflight before her arrival he lifted his canopy, secured the pack and cooler under a cargo net in the back seats then threw a leg over and climbed in. It was pretty obvious that he was still excited, the bulge in his cargos giving him away. Very cool, now she knew how to pass the time in the air. 

The plane smelled a little musty, he wasn't hurt but a little defensive when she told him, "you would smell musty to if you were over 34 years old." 

Holy shit she thought, this thing is really old for a plane, if I die my husband is going to kill me...

leaning over he showed her how to put the four point seat belt on and described what to do if "bad things" happened. She was scared, no nervous, no fucking scared! A bead of sweat rolled down her back, funny it didn't feel that hot in the plane. 

Once he secured his belt he glanced around the outside of the plane before asking "Good to go?"

shit what did he say? 

"Huh?" she was flushed, shit he's winning, he's got me completely distracted.

"You good to go blue eyes?" once again that confident smile, not sure it made her feel more at ease, but he did have a nice smile. 

Returning the smile albeit a little weaker, "sure thing captain!"

Without another word he reached across and slipped the lock on the canopy he lowered it and secured her side. His elbow glancing off her chest as he pulled his arm back. 

That was weird she thought, I'm scared and yet that touch set another shot through her body.

He turned a couple dials, pulled and pushed some plunger thing in and extended his legs to some pedals on the floor. "Just try not to push on these ok?"

Fuck, now there were things she couldn't touch?

"Oh yeah, maybe keep your hands off this as well," he said as he pulled and turned the wheel thingy. 

I'm going to die horny... damn it, why didn't I just fuck that store clerk? Her thoughts amusing enough to almost distract her when the engine started. 

"Holy shit that's loud," she belted out. 

He laughed and then closed his canopy not before the smell of plane exhaust and fuel hit her. 

Reaching over he handed her a headset. "My hair," she joked.

"Looks great and smells awesome" he responded while moving a lever on the ceiling causing the whole plane to shake as the motor got louder.

"You good?" his voice sounding tinny and distant. 

"Peachy" she responded. 

With the windows closed, she could now smell his soap, shampoo, aftershave, crap, the plane smelled great now!

"Here we go" and then his voice even more distant on the ear phones, talking to someone else as the plane started to move across the apron. They followed a dotted line, almost like a road, pedals moving, every bump felt, I wonder if this thing will fall apart were the words screaming in her head.

Looking up she could see the sun in the blue sky as it warmed the cockpit through the glass, looking inside multiple dials, glowing numbers and a little gps screen looking back at her. 

The wheel thing in his left hand, his right arm on the lever up high, she could tell he was in the zone. 

Where should I put my hands she thought? Do I look scared, am I blowing this? I don't want him to think he's freaking me out, he will feel bad. Almost by instinct she placed her left hand on his shoulder and turned and looked at him. He glanced quickly, that fucking smile, why wasn't this scaring him? 

"Tell you what" he said, "put your left hand on top of mine and just follow me through the throttle." "You'll enjoy it more, just feel what I do." 

She placed her hand on his, warm, calm, a slight shake from the vibrations, she barely noticed the plane had turned and lined up on the runway. 

"This is the best part" his eyes smiling, wrinkles on the sides of his face. She could feel the strength in his arm as he pushed forward causing the plane to pick up speed, moving a little side to side in the lane, his arm now pushed fully forward, engine howling. If she wasn't so scared this would almost be cool. Then, when the movements and speed were almost violent the plane lifted from the earth, the ground falling away, his right arm easing back the sound quieting a bit. 

"Gotta move my hand for a minute," she was startled by his voice, holy shit she was flying, feeling the throttle, the lift, no more shaking in the plane, just calm, more sky, the earth rounding slightly, fall colours contrasting against plowed fields and the dark blue waters of lakes and rivers. 

Shoulders touching, feeling warm, calm, that easy smile. He flipped a switch sending a loud mechanical noise through the plane. She tensed and looked out her window to see the gear disappear into the wing. The plane banked right, still climbing, her ears popping, roads like this veins with tiny cars moving below.

"We will level off at 2700 feet and head north west to Georgian Bay, nice little spot up there on the water." 

She smiled and nodded, shit, he thought, I scared the crap out of her.

A few minutes later and the plane was leveled and trimmed heading north west at 130 miles per hour. It seemed like the plane sat still in the sky as the earth rolled past underneath. All those colours, way down a gull drifted, she saw it! How cool was that. This could be the best date ever... if he doesn't kill us by flying into the ground like a lawn dart. 

His right hand had fallen to her left leg. She didn't even notice till he moved it. Just casual up an down her thigh. There was motive behind the movements, his hand edging over, now on her inner thigh, shit he's horny she thought. "How much does it take to fly the plane?" she asked innocently.

"No auto pilot if that's what you mean" he responded eyes scanning the horizon then back in over the dials and gages before moving outside again. 

"Too bad" she said, "how long before we land?" 

"About thirty or so" was his response. 

"Do you think you could keep us from crashing if I took your cock out?" a question which stumped him.

His response came with tension in his voice "I would think I probably could." 

"What if I slid my plants down and touched myself?" now she really started to push him. 

"You're making it tougher by the minute" that damn smile again. But something else as well, a serious bulge. 

"Well it is hot in here" she said, and with that, she lifted her hips undid her jeans and slid them down kicking off one shoe and lifting her leg trying not to hit anything that may kill the engine.

Her jeans now gathered around her right leg, her left leg lifted slightly. The air feeling amazing, invigorating on her skin, this was seriously turning her on. She carefully placed her leg across his lap, her pussy gently spreading. His right hand finding her left leg again, gently caressing, moving inside her thigh climbing slowly. It came to rest on the edge of her bikini line, his left hand on the yoke (wheel thingy) steering the plane. 

Why wasn't he touching her? This was killing her, so close, the warmth, but not moving. He was making her wet with indifference, she needed his hand on her now. She slid her hips to the left, maybe he just couldn't reach over any further. 

Damn it, still no movement. Had he had a stroke? She arched again, moving against him, still no movement. This was getting frustrating.

Then, as abruptly as he stopped, he began moving again. His hand covering her entire pussy, the heat was amazing. She pushed out, lifting up, willing him. A finger pushed in easily, she was really wet, he slid up stopping on her clit hood. One finger then back down inside. This was insane, she was literally soaring  into mile high club. He slid a second finger in, while his palm pushed hard on her clit. 

"I want you to cum for me" his words breaking her trance for a moment. 

That will be really easy she thought as he continued to finger her. His hand forceful, a light sweat forming on her thighs, her legs, her neck. She raised up more pushing with her right leg, her left still across the plane on his lap. Focus was getting tougher as she looked outside the earth traveling by as a slow blur. 

A new smell in the plane, light sweat, sex, she was going to cum. He pushed deeper, harder, lifting, his fingers curled. Palm pressed hard.

She was cumming, muscles tense, legs hard, toes pointed, air sucking, hips bucking, cumming. 

"That was crazy" she said as he slid his fingers out resting his hand on her inner thigh. He just smiled. "Wanna taste?" she said wickedly as she took a finger dragged it through her pussy and reached across slipping it into his mouth. 

She eased her left leg back, dragging it deliberately over his bulge. "Your turn now," reaching across his body with her left hand she loosened his belt and unbuttoned his pants. 

"Ok, so lets be a little careful here cause well, we could crash."
He said this as he lifted his hips so she could pull his pants down. She teased him through underwear which were not doing much now from a retention perspective. Her fingers slipped under the waistband and found his smooth hard cock. 

"Take it out" he said his voice less controlled. 

She obliged, pulling it out. He pushed up slightly, the plane rocking side to side with the pressure on the pedals. 

It felt amazing, her hand around him, easing up and down. The warmth of her skin, her fingers so soft and gentle. But really what a crazy flight he thought, he was getting a hand job while flying, coupled with the fact that she was naked from the waist down AND he had just made her cum (something that he really hadn't forgotten). All the while the shores of Georgian Bay rolled into view on the horizon making them only 15 minutes from their destination and landing.

She used mostly her fingers, she didn't want him to cum too fast nor did she want them to fall from the sky just because she jerked him into a frenzy. Her eyes moved from him to the world outside then back to his cock. She loved playing with him as she slid a finger over the tip collecting precum then down the underside of the shaft to the base before cupping his balls. She would then start all over and slide two fingers back up occasionally teasing his swollen head by letting a couple fingers trace around the edges where she knew he would be most sensitive. 

Mean while her right hand had ended up between her own legs covering his as he gently rubbed her pussy. She couldn't believe that she would cum again but this flying and sex was really hot. 

He had her clit exposed between two of his fingers and she was rubbing it with her own. 

"Wanna taste?" she asked, as she took her hand off his cock and slipped a finger into her pussy then back out holding it up to his mouth. 

Without hesitation he leaned forward opened his mouth and gently sucked her finger. She tasted really good he thought causing his cock to twitch as the  sensation moved through his body. 

Outside it was land to the right and blue waters the left. Inside it was two people naked from the waist down, the heavy smell of sex in the air, a hard cock that seemed to have an unlimited supply of precum and soft pussy that was wetter than she could remember and not that far from a second orgasm. 

"If you cum you are likely going to make a mess, can I take my belt off?" she said hoping that she could get her mouth around his cock. Her strategy on his cock had changed to holding it completely in her hand and just moving her fingers like she was playing a piano occasionally touching the head. The sensation for him was killer.

"Better not we will be landing in five," he said trying to concentrate on the flying, her pussy, his cock and flying.

His hand lifted off her pussy sending a light chill through her body, it had been so warm and nice! He reached up and eased back the throttle lever the engine getting a little quieter as he pushed slightly forward on the yoke and adjusted his feet a bit. 

"You see those two small islands up ahead, we will be landing on the water in between them and pulling ashore on the one on the right." 

Her hands stopped moving, her mind clued into the fact once again that she was in a small plane and was about to land on water. 

"No big deal he said as he placed his right hand back on her inner thigh, if it makes a difference to you I have landed on that very spot at least twice."

Her response was decisive as she squeezed his hard cock " well given my cargo you better make it good." 

She could see him smiling under his glasses as the altitude dropped and the horizon moved higher. A wave of pleasure washing through her as he slipped a finger back inside her and was now pushing deep. 

"Lets make you cum one more time before we land" were his next words.

Her response to his words was simple as she began rubbing her clit with the index finger of her right hand while he fingered her. 

He envied his fingers as he wished his mouth could be down there, easing back on the yoke he leveled the plane at 500ft surveying the wind and the area her left hand holding his cock tight.

She was lost in the moment, hair messed, biting her lip, his finger pushing deep and fast while she rubbed herself her whole body on fire, stomach tight, sweat on her skin, face flushed, toes pointed then curled, the very fabric of her shirt on her skin, on her nipples turning her on as she came this time moaning loudly into the mic.

"Ok well how bout we put this plane on the water now" his hand barely having finished the job left her body and moved to the throttle again, as he banked the plane hard left  the horizon changing quickly. The another turn and he was distant on the radio again, telling area traffic they were going to land as the islands that they had seen were now passing by his side of the glass plane returning to earth quickly now.

Instinctively she pulled her pants back up although she left his down, his cock softening given his focus on other things.

Two more left turns as the plane continued it's decent, his right hand moving off the throttle momentarily to the flaps then after an adjustment back to the lever on the ceiling. 

She was tensing up, her sweat from the sex turning cold, the waves on the water completely visible as the lake seemed to charge up at them, only a few feet off the surface he moved the yoke in what she would think was chaos but hoped it was controlled, then the sound, water on the hull, was that normal? 

Are we going to die now? His pants down? Hell she didn't even give him a final orgasm! Their speed slowed and water flared high above the canopy and as quickly as it all happened the plane settled now a cruising boat.

He undid his seat belt and popped the latch on hers then reached up and opened his side of the canopy letting fresh air in. He pointed to the shore and said they would pull in over there. 

The air woke her, slapped her into remembering that she had not completed a task, her eyes moved to his cock, mostly soft now, she leaned over and grabbed his cock in her left hand and moved to a kneeling position so that she could take his cock in her mouth. 

She wanted to show him how happy she was that he hadn't crashed the plane and killed them so she began sucking hard, her hands moving over his balls and shaft. This was going to be fast and powerful she thought as she attacked him. His smelled sweaty fueling her on, the taste of salt, his cock literally growing in her mouth as she rubbed and jerked his shaft, her tongue swirling and licking as she sucked at the precum.

He lifted his hips and spread his legs, he was so horny, it had been so long since a woman did anything like this to him. His right hand sliding into her jeans which she hadn't had time to button and grabbing her naked ass cheeks. Fuck, he thought don't run aground. His last thought before his cock pulsed, his whole body tensed and cum shot into her mouth pulse after pulse. His left hand fought to not jerk the yoke out of the console as his whole body tensed. 

She swallowed and kept up continuing to work him but slowing her pace feeling for the first time his hand in her pants fingers in her crack. Then his hand was out, throttle pushed to neutral and and the plane went silent as he shut the engine off leaving the sound of waves on the hull momentarily before it slowed to a stop on the sandy shore.

He reached down and look off her head set, carefully untangling her hair, her mouth lifting off his cock, as he then took he his head set off as smiling. 
