 We walked into the studio almost 30 minutes before the class was to begin. My wife and I had been away from yoga for almost 18 months. Work and injuries had kept us away. For me it was tendonitis in both shoulders. For my wife, elbows and knees had been causing her grief.

"Good morning," the attractive young yoga instructor greeted us as we came through the door.

"Good morning. Good morning." We echoed each other in return.

"I'm Sarah. Welcome to Lotus Bud studios and our 6:00am practice. I haven't seen the two of you before."

My wife started to explain our story while I was scanning Sarah's face and body. "We signed up a couple of weeks ago. We haven't been to yoga for about 18 months. We used to go to..." My wife's voice trailed off yielding to the voice inside my head. Pretty young lady. Dark hair. Nice smile. White tank top covering modest, hmmm, unholstered breasts. Sarah backed up against the wall while my wife cheerfully continued our long yoga story. Tight yoga capris hugging shapely legs that parted at the top into a perfectly symmetrical gap and framed a rounded puffy camel toe. Tiny waist. Square shoulders. Beautiful feet.

"So you're getting back into yoga. That's fabulous." Sarah began. "If you can remember what it's like to be a beginner, do what you can. Don't push your limits the first few practices but do try to attempt most of the poses so your body and mind can begin to embrace them again."

I like this girl already. Yes, learn to embrace the poses with your mind and body. I agree. Other people were beginning to arrive so Sarah guided us to the side of the reception area after we tapped in with our membership cards.

"Is there anything in particular you want to begin to work on?" Sarah asked. "I like to be a hands on guide in the class so I will help you when I can."

Before I could respond my wife said, "My core. I really want to focus on my core."

"That's good. A strong core helps with all the yoga poses. Anything else?"

"Nope. Just my core."

"Okay. I will help you with that where I can. And you."

"Alignment. I want to work on alignment in all my poses."

"Hmm. That's a first, Sarah commented. I caught her running her eyes up and down my body. An eyebrow raising and one corner of her mouth curling up ever so slightly.

"How's that?, I asked."

"Well, that's probably the first time a student has chosen that as a focus. It's just so"

She stopped herself. "Oh nothing. Sure. Though I can't be with you for every pose, I will come by now and then to check and adjust your alignment. Okay, it's time you two get ready for the class. I will see you in the practice room."

After changing we met at the back of the class like all beginners should. There were about 8 other people in the class. All women (geez I loved yoga for that). We got down into savasana and let the heat of the hot yoga studio engulf our bodies.

Sometime later the room filled with the sound of soft rhythmic drums beating.

A few moments later Sarah's voice blended with the drums.

"Okay class. Slowly push yourself up to a standing position..."

And so the class began. Sarah alternated between instructing and demonstrating some of the poses. The heat from the room was intense and it wasn't long before everyone had a good sweat going, including Sarah. One of the first poses was tree. Sarah did one side facing the mirror creating my first distraction. Simply... My god, what a fabulous ass that woman has. Then facing us, it was damn near impossible for me to keep my eyes off that amazing gap between her thighs, which didn't do much for my balance. The next distraction was Sarah's sweat absorbing tank top slowly confirming she wasn't wearing a bra as the wetter it got, the more prominently her nipples showed through her top.

I did get my focus back to my practice and my breathing but also snuck glances at Sarah when we transitioned from one pose to another. Sarah was making the rounds visiting each of the students to help them get deeper into a pose or to adjust one thing or another about their position.

In Warrior II Sarah finally came and stood behind me.

"Just wanted to let you know you're doing really well. I'm going to make some adjustments. Let me know if I'm pushing you too much." Sarah whispered to me. 

"Ok", I replied.

Sarah stepped closer into me and stretched her arms along mine. Her breasts pressing ever so gently into my back. "Raise this one. Lower this one a little. Now relax your shoulders." She placed her hands on my shoulders and pressed down ever so lightly. She stepped away and said "Good. Next time I will help with your lower body alignment in this pose."

'Can't wait.' I thought while Sarah was instructing us to 'press forward and tilt down into Warrior III'.

The next time she came by was toppling tree. She ran a finger lightly down the length of my body starting at my heel, running along my bare leg, over my buttocks, along my side and down my arm. "Very impressive. Such a perfect straight line. Good. Very good." Then she walked away calling out the next pose.

On the floor she really helped my wife were her core. She did come by and massage my sweaty back when we were in child's pose. She did visit other students as well and as she had said was very "hands on" with everyone. All the while she kept the practice moving at a steady pace. In cobbler she came by and sat in front of me, put her legs on my thighs and pressed down. She stared into my eyes I think daring me to stare at her now very obvious nipples or her very split camel toe. She maintained her gaze and spoke to me, "Maintain your breathing. Now I want you to sit taller and not have your knees raise. Don't worry. I will help you to hold down your knees with my feet."

I closed my eyes and inhaled, then as I exhaled I tried to sit taller imagining a string being pulled from the top of my head. "Good", Sarah said softly, "Taller" she instructed. I opened my eyes feeling my knees trying to rise with my torso and her feet pressing down with equal force. Sarah was leaning back trying get leverage to hold down my knees. I couldn't hold her gaze because between me and her eyes were two pert nipples under a tight wet tank top pointing to the sky. Once my eyes fell to her breasts they couldn't help but continue down, down; down to her now raised hips, separated thighs and pussy lips whose contours were fully revealed by the clinging spandex of Sarah's yoga pants. My mouth watered to taste her. My cock hardened desirous of feeling her snug heat milking it.

Somehow I managed to look back up to Sarah's eyes. Her eyes raised to meet mine. Her face smiling back at me knowing what my eyes and mind had been enjoying.

"Nice. Very nice. Very well done. We will try to work on that once or twice a week until you can manage it on your own."

Sarah left, making her rounds visiting with each student until the class ended. We ended back in savasana. My heart rate elevated, my muscles exhausted, my mind humming. I laid still, eyes closed, focusing on my breathing while the drums continued to beat around us. I was drifting off whether in sleep in or meditation when I felt two hands on my shoulders. "Very well done today Steve. I give each of my students a little massage if they stay long enough after class. Stop me if it bothers you." Sarah whispered to me. She ran her hands down the centre of my torso. Her hands parted just above my pubic bone. Her hands came so to close touching my genitals that my eyes popped open. What a vision they were greeted with. Sarah was leaning over me. Her tank top was pulled up by her stretching to reach down my body revealing her taut abs. Her hands travelled to my hips the traced up the sides of my body back to my shoulders. Under my neck applying some accu-pressure on those muscles for a brief moment then up onto my chest and down my line of chakras again coming ever so close to my root chakra. Her tank hung away from her body just enough that I could see under it to her well-formed breasts hanging freely. Up my sides, under my neck again. She had to see the growing the bulge in my shorts. I was trying to keep my arousal down by her hands on my body and her body floating over mine was making that task impossible to accomplish. Though in hindsight, maybe my arousal was a secondary intention for her. One more journey down my chakra line. Sarah stopped placing a hand on each hip, leaned up on her arms and pushed down as if trying to widen my hips. The release of pressure was incredible. I quietly uttered "Wow." Though she might have thought I said that because Sarah's pussy was now positioned right over my face. It took all my will power not to reach up and caress it through her yoga pants. Sarah sat back, her hands moved up and rested on my chest, her palms over my nipples, moving ever so gently in little circles. My nipples hardened and my cock twitched in response.

"Stop by and see me after me after class. I want to review your practice with you before you go."

There was no way I was moving until at least some of the blood drained from my cock. A few moments later my wife was leaning down whispering to me. "Wow. I really like her class. Sarah asked me to stop by and see her. See you out there."

I waited a few seconds before rolling up my mat and following my wife out. I was the last one left in the room. At the front desk Sarah was giving my wife some pointers mostly about trying to maintain good posture through all her poses and how that will help her core.

"Thanks so much Sarah. I really enjoyed your class. And thanks for the pointers. Oh," my wife continued, "and that massage at the end where you pressed down on my hips. That was incredible."

"I know. The release you feel is liberating isn't it," Sarah replied.

My wife turned to me, "Okay dear, I have to run to get in on time. Have a great day. See you at home tonight." She kissed me on the cheek on headed for the showers.

Sarah was sitting behind the front desk with a towel draped over her shoulders thankfully covering her breasts so I was able to look her in the eyes.

"I guess you have to run to the office too?" she asked, hanging her head a little.

"Eventually. My train's departure is almost 2 hours away."

She raised her head and smiled, "Oh good. There are some things I can share with you. First, you have to understand that I am brutally honest and will say whatever I am thinking, well, pretty much anyway."

Sarah waved to a couple of women from the class who were leaving. "Thanks Sarah," they shouted, "Another great class and great massage, one of them added.

"See you next class ladies. Now back to you. Your form is really quite good. Your choice to focus on alignment revealed a lot to me before the class even started but there is much work we can do. Alignment takes so much focus. Oh, and speaking of focus, I owe you and apology."

"You do?" I queried.

"I do. I told you I'm honest. You did really well with your focus today considering I was walking around with my nipples showing through my tank top. I'm mean look at them." Sarah held back the towel draped around her neck exposing her nipples still prominently visible through her top. They're fabulous aren't they? They're just sitting out there asking to be caressed and squeezed." Sarah's hands followed her words first caressing then pinching her nipples through her cotton top.

"Really, I didn't notice."

"Bullshit. You were looking at them almost as much as I was." And she smiled at me.

"Okay, I noticed, but I enjoyed the challenge of having to focus on my yoga with such an alluring distraction trying to grab my attention."

"Oo. I like that. Hi Margaret. I think your husband will be back, what about you? I'm just giving him some pointers on his tree posture." Margaret is my wife, Sarah very skillfully changed the subject when she saw her emerge from the change room. Sarah lifted her foot onto her thigh, her hands joined over her solar-plexus. "I want you to think about being tall." She ran a hand up along her sternum lifting her eyes to the ceiling, "And I want you to think about tucking your pelvis under you." She place her hand on her butt and flexed her pelvis toward me. I looked down and her split pussy lips were pointing straight at me. I gulped.

"Listen to Sarah dear," Margaret said, "I'm sure she will make you a great yogi." She patted me on the butt. "You better get going. All the women have gone. You're going to hold Sarah up. He's always the last one." My wife directed her last comment at Sarah.

"That's okay. I'm in no rush," Sarah replied "I have another class to guide at 10:30."

"See you tonight dear. Have a great day. Stay in touch." And she left.

"Okay. I better go and shower," I said to Sarah.

"Sure. Look. I hope I didn't embarrass you. I am too outspoken sometimes."

"Not at all Sarah. I appreciate your honesty. And yes, your breasts and nipples are fabulous, but I did enjoy the challenge of trying to stay focused on yoga."

"Thanks Steve. Next time I will have to see if I can find a distraction you can't ignore."

"I'm sure you will think of something."

"Okay, before you go try to remember what I was showing you in class about warrior and what I just said here about tree. Next class we will work on those two, and cobbler of course," and Sarah smiled a wicked little smile, "then we will move on to other poses."

"Sure Sarah. Thank you. I'm off to shower and shave. I will be fast so I don't hold you up."

I threw the shower on to get the water hot then stripped down and grabbed a couple of towels. The shower felt good on my tired muscles. I toweled dry and was standing at the sink when I heard Sarah.

"Are you decent in there Steve?"

"Just a minute." I was standing naked, so I grabbed a towel wrapped it around me and tied the corners. "Sure. What can I do for you?"

Sarah walked in. "I just have to clean up in here. If it's okay with you."

"Sure. I don't mind. If you don't mind me shaving."

"Can I watch?"

"Can you watch? Sure. Any particular reason why you want to watch me shave?"

"Yes actually," Sarah confessed, "I think watching a man shave is one of the sexiest things to observe."

"Really?" I stopped mid-stroke.

"Yep. Really."

Sarah was standing next to me, looking up at me, her elbows leaning on the counter. Her chin resting in one hand. She watched like that for a few seconds then leaned her incredible body back against the wall. Her nipples were jutting out through her top and her yoga pants were still hugging her pussy like they didn't want to let go.

"Let's have some fun. Let's see how focused you can stay while shaving."

I stopped shaving and looked at her puzzled, "Care to explain a little more?"

"Try to get into tree and shave without losing your balance."

"Seriously?" I raised my eyebrows and I'm sure the look on my face communicated 'You're kidding, right?'

"Well. I just thought it a good opportunity to work on what we just talked about. Come on. Have some fun and challenge yourself at the same time. I'll even take my top off if you think shaving and doing yoga isn't enough of a challenge." Sarah grabbed the hem of her shirt threatening to lift it over her head if I agreed.

"Okay. I will try, but leave your top on. That's a distraction I could never defeat. And besides, I wouldn't know what to say if someone walked in and you had your top off."

"Don't worry about that. No one will be in for at least 2 hours."

I lifted my right leg and placed my foot on my thigh. My knee stuck out where the towel split under the knot I had tied in the ends. I stared into the mirror and waited until I felt myself centered. I raised my hand to shave my neck. So far so good. I started to lift my head and lost my balance, my foot falling to the floor.

"Not bad," Sarah commented, "But not so easy." She was smiling, but nodding in approval of my attempt.

"Give me another try."

"Sure. You have to think about every movement don't you?"

"Uh-huh." I muttered reaching down to place my foot on my thigh again.

I looked in the mirror and felt my centre again. Once stable I focused on nothing with my eyes, just on my balance. I raised my head, waited until I was steady then slowly raised my hand. I made several strokes on one side of my neck, I paused and thought for a moment, then reversed my movements, first lowering my hand then my head. Sarah clapped.

"Well done. But don't stop, you haven't finished. And you did cheat a little. Do the other side of your neck and I will guide you."

I reached my hand out a little but couldn't rinse the shaving cream off my razor. I looked at Sarah, then at the tap.

"Oh here. Let me help."

Sarah took the razor from my hand, rinsed it well then handed it back to me.

"Okay. I'm going to stand beside you so you can see me in the mirror. Here's where I want your pose to be."

She stood in tree. It was magnificent. She looked as straight as a tall oak, in fact, she looked 2 inches taller than when she was just standing talking with me. Her chest was high and her knee was pointing straight at the wall on her right.

"You're doing really well but this is what I see when I look at you."

I almost felt embarrassed. Her shoulders slouched forward ever so slightly, her knee turned in 5 degrees or so and her pelvis tilted back. She looked shorter as well.

"Put your leg down and come and stand behind me." I followed her instruction.

"I'm going to have you put your hands on me in various places so you can feel what muscles I engage to achieve better alignment. Don't be shy. Just do what I tell you, okay?"

"Okay."

"Alright then. Put your right hand between my shoulder blades." I followed her instruction. "A little higher. Now put your left hand on my solar plexus." I reached around. "A little higher Steve." I couldn't resist. I took a deep and cupped her left tit in my hand. "Cute. I deserved that," Sarah said, "but as nice as that feels, it's not going to help you understand how to get the most out of this pose." Sarah grabbed my hand and positioned it in the middle of her chest so my thumb was just caressing the underside of her breasts. "Okay, you should feel my shoulder blades draw together and my chest rise and draw in."

In an instance Sarah moved and I felt exactly what she said "WOW. That was amazing."

"Look at me in the mirror and see how my posture has changed."

"Double wow. That's amazing." The shock of feeling Sarah move had stunned the blood out of my slowly filling cock. Well, my focus changing from sex to yoga probably had something to do with it as well.

"Okay, now my knee position. Take your left hand and listen carefully to how I want you to position it. You're going to cup the top of my right buttock. Slide your thumb onto the top of the line separating glutes and let your fingers lightly grip the outside of the buttock."

I did what she said. "How's this?" I asked trying to position my hand as Sarah had described.

"Perfect. Now take your right hand and cup the bottom of my glute. Your right thumb should run parallel to the ground and your fingers should be under my glutes at the top of my groin."

'Okay' I thought to myself. I did as I was told, or I thought I did trying not to touch anywhere I shouldn't, like her labia.

"Look Steve. I told you not to be shy. Leave your thumb where it is but lift your fingers off my leg. Now put your fingers back on my leg with you middle finger at the top of my groin and let your other two fingers fall naturally where they fall."

I did as Sarah said. My last two fingers fell directly onto Sarah's pussy. "Okay. You need to push your fingers further under me so your palm is cupping my butt. Look, I know your hand is on my pussy. It's the only way to do this."

I slid my fingers further under. "Perfect. Now feel this and watch in the mirror."
