 The jet touched the runway with a lurch and a cloud of smoke. The huge jet engines reversed their thrust in a whining symphony of noise and dust. The brakes slowed the jet and it proceeded to make its way down the taxiway toward the British Airways terminal. Selena was restless, she was patiently waiting to see her father.

"Oh Jenson, at last, we're here." she bubbled excitedly.

"Yes Miss" came Jensons curt reply. He had woken about 15 minutes ago and wasn't in the best of moods. He hated flying long distance. Jet lag always made him grumpy and changing time zones put him off stride. 

The jet came to rest outside the terminal and the air-bridges extended like octopus tentacles. First class passengers were disembarking and moving through the plane slowly towards the exits.

Selena joined the queue and made her way forward. The smiling stewardess was busy seeing passengers off the plane and grinned as Selena got closer to the exit doors. As she drew even with her, she spoke.

"A note from the co-pilot for you," she grinned and handed Selena a folded piece of yellow paper. Selena tucked it into her pocket and made her way out the doors and onto the air bridge.

Jenson followed her out of the aircraft and onto the air bridge. He had all the responsibility of seeing them through the customs checks with a minimum of fuss. He didn't relish this part of the flight at all. Selena had enjoyed the flight, but to Jenson it was all work and no play.

They entered the terminal building and made their way towards the First class customs checkpoint. Jenson handed Selena her passport and declaration. She fidgeted nervously, excitement building inside her. She looked around and saw Andy, over in a far queue. He was arguing with a customs officer and appeared to be winning the battle of wits. She grinned secretively. She moved slowly forward and then presented her papers to the unsmiling customs officer.

"Any thing to declare?" came the officers gruff reply.

"No." came her terse reply.

"What is your reason for visiting Hong Kong, business or pleasure?" The officer questioned her.

"Both," she snappily replied. She was getting tired of this. She just wanted to be processed with a minimum of fuss and escape to the awaiting limo.

"Rotheram? As in Sir Colin Rotheram, the financier?" the officer asked.

"Yes," she snapped. "My father."

The customs office stamped her passport and handed it back. "Enjoy you're time in Hong Kong Miss." he replied.

She stepped away from the desk and made her way to the plush seating to wait for Jenson to be processed. He was back in the queue and would have a short delay till his turn came. The flight crew walked through the far doors and Selena's heart skipped a beat. David’s purposeful stride carried him of the others and as he passed her he beamed a broad smile.

"You got my note, I take it?" he asked her.

"The note!" he thought. It had temporarily slipped her mind in the bustle of disembarking. She reached into the pocket and withdrew the folded yellow paper.

Written on it in an elegant script was "Copthorne Plaza, Hong Kong. Suite 492. Will be here for 3 days, departing 27th at 5pm. Please call? Dave Simpson."

She smiled and nodded. "If I get time." she replied. Little did he know, she'd make the time even if hell froze over.

He marched away as Jenson strolled up.

"We have a ten minute wait, Miss. They have to process my briefcase and weapons permits. I apologise for the delay."

"That’s all right, Jenson. I'm used to that by now." came Selena's reply as she watched the broad back of the co-pilot disappear down the stairway.

Jenson reached into his suit jacket and produced a cellular phone. He rapidly dialled a number and spoke into the phone. He nodded a few times and disconnected the call, returning the phone to his pocket. 

"The limo is waiting at door 7, Miss. If you would like to go there and I'll wait for my cases to be processed." This came across as an order rather than a suggestion. Selena nodded her acceptance and strode off toward the stairs.

She approached the gleaming black limousine, with its impeccably tailored Asian driver.

"Welcome to Hong Kong, Miss Selena. Did you enjoy the flight?" the chauffer asked in heavily accented english.

"Yes thank you." Selena replied, noting the difference in height between them. The little asian driver was barely 5ft, and Selena towered above her. The driver leaned forward and opened the back door and Selena slid into the luxurious cabin. The door shut behind her with a reassuring clunk and she leaned back against the fine leather seat.

The driver resumed her post at the door and waited for Jensons arrival. Sitting on the seat was a large bunch of flowers and an envelope with her name on it in her fathers rough scrawl.

She briefly sniffed the flowers and then tore open the envelope.

"Dearest Selena, I'm in a business meeting and am unable to meet you in person. I will call you at the hotel tonight at 6pm. Da Mai has all the arrangements taken care off. Anything you need, ask her. Love Daddy"

A smile broke across her face and she looked out of the tinted window wistfully. She knew this would happen. It was always business with her Father. Granted he was CEO of a large banking corporation, but he could have met her at the airport. She smelt the flowers again and the thought faded.

She watched the comings and goings outside the terminal with disinterest. Jenson soon appeared pushing a luggage trolley and directing a luggage porter with another trolley. He pointed to the limo as the chauffer stepped to the trunk and opened it.

Jenson and the porter deposited the luggage into the trunk and Jenson paid the porter his tip. He climbed into the limo and the chauffer took her seat behind the wheel.

"Sir Rotheram has organised our stay at the Hong Kong Marriott, Miss Selena. We have the presidential suite." Jenson told her. "He'll meet us for dinner there this evening."

"Yes Jenson, I know. Da Mai told me when I got to the car" she replied.

The limo pulled out and into the traffic, Selena relaxed and her mind drifted off. She thought of Dave, the co-pilot. She was working on a plan of slipping away from Jenson for a few hours to rendezvous with him. She needed a 'time-out' away from his constant company. He was a good man, but after all, he was just another of her fathers lackeys.

"I need to do some shopping this afternoon Jenson. I'd like to go alone this time. I want some time to buy a gift for Daddy. Also I have some catching up to do with some old school friends here in Hong Kong." She pointedly told him.

"Miss Selena," he shot back, "You know that’s not allowed. Your father would kill me if I let you out of my sight here."

"I'm going Jenson. Don’t try to stop me!" she retorted.

"At least take Da Mai, she can take you around the markets and department stores and at least I'll know you're safe. And I wont tell your father. I have to report in as soon as we get to the Marriott. I'll tell him you're down in the lobby or the gift shop or something." Jenson told her.

"All right, I'll take Da Mai, it may be fun. And Jenson, thank you for your discretion." she fondly patted his arm.

The limo cut through the traffic and under the skilful driving of the petite Da Mai, they made the Marriott. Jenson checked them in while Selena took the room keys and headed for the lifts. She stepped into the carriage and told the doorman. 

"Presidential suite please."

"Yes Miss. Welcome to the Hong Kong Marriott. Please enjoy your stay." came the door-mans reply. The lift rose rapidly to the top floor. The door man held open the door and then followed Selena to the main door of the suite. 

"Allow me," he said, opening the door for her, and ushered her inside.

"Thank you" Selena told him and looked around the main living room at the luxurious furniture and classic elegance of the room. It was furnished in an old world opulence and style. Oil paintings hung on the walls and deep pile carpeting spread out before her feet. The doorman stood in the doorway and gave a slight cough, he stood there awaiting his tip.

"Jenson will be here in a minute," she replied, "He'll give you your payment."

Selena continued her tour, skipping from room to room. Hers was the main room and Jenson would have the butlers quarters off the living room. She stepped into the bathroom and giggled as she took in the sunken king-size bath. She closed her eyes and imagined the room bathed in candlelight and scented with sweet incense, the tub full of bubbles and a certain airline pilot immersed in the steaming hot water. A pleasant shiver coursed through her.

"Later, girl." she whispered to herself. She stepped from the bathroom out onto the patio. The city spread out before her, at her feet. The sounds of humanity sounded far off, she longed to be amongst the throngs, snooping through the bargain hunters in the markets far below. 

Jenson pushed the trolley through the door and saw her on the balcony, leaning on the rail. He winced slightly, then shrugged off the thought.

"Lovely view Miss?" he questioned.

"Yes Jenson, it is. I love this city, its always so vibrant."

Da Mai walked though the doors and turned and closed them.

"Do you require my services, Miss Selena?"

"Yes Da Mai. Give me half an hour to get ready, and we'll do some shopping. Where do you suggest?" She asked.

"I suggest the Downtown market for a start point." Da Mai smiled at her. Jenson raised his eyebrows. These two could be trouble together. Two attractive young ladies in their twenties, let loose in a city like Hong Kong. "Oh lord!" he thought. He knew Da Mai was one of Sir Colin’s trusted employees, he'd just have to take on trust in her.

Selena emerged from her room, dressed in blue jeans, a cashmere sweater and a silk headscarf. She looked casual but elegant.

"Da Mai, can you get another car? The limo is a bit big and stuffy for a shopping trip. I want to have some fun, to feel the wind in my hair. I wish I had my Boxster convertible here."

Da Mai smiled and reached into her pocket, extracting a cellphone. She dialled a number and spoke rapidly in chinese into it. She looked up at Selena and smiled. Selena didn't understand the conversation, but she clearly caught the word 'Porsche' in there.

"Your fathers Porsche convertible will be here in ten minutes, Miss."

"Great," replied Selena. "Now, come with me, I'm not taking you shopping in your uniform." Selena grabbed her hand and led her away from the room and toward the gift shop. "We'll get you some street clothes."

Fifteen minutes they returned to the suite. Da Mai was dressed in jeans and a sweater and headscarf as well. They both sported Bolle sunglass and were laughing like schoolgirls.

Jenson rolled his eyes. He laughed along with them, telling them they could pass as sisters. Selena knew he was worried. He didn't approve of their impromptu shopping trip or the immediate friendship that had occurred. He would have to talk to Sir Colin about this sometime.

The telephone interrupted their laughter and Jenson picked up the receiver. The conversation was short. He covered the mouthpiece and told the girls their car was downstairs.

"Right, gushed Selena "we're out of here. Don’t wait up Jenson!" she quipped.

"Dinner will be at 7," Jenson replied. "Don’t keep your father waiting. Have fun."

The two girls left the room and headed for the lifts. They chatted easily between them while waiting for the carriage to arrive. They stepped from the lobby and were greeted by the concierge. He snapped his fingers and a bright yellow Porsche drove up into the parking lobby. 

"Enjoy your day, ladies." he said while tipping his hat. The girls climbed into the low slung sports car and giggling again, they drove out of the parking lobby and into the traffic.

Selena relaxed against the leather seat as Da Mai skilfully handled the Porsche, weaving her way through the heavy downtown traffic. She thought about the flight and the days to come in Hong Kong. She recalled the lovemaking with Andy and a grin escaped her lips. She wished that could be something more than a wild fling on a plane. But she knew her father would never approve.

Da Mai parked the car in a parking building and set the alarm. "Lets hit the shops!" Selena grinned devilishly, and headed for the elevators. Moments later they were at street level. She headed into the crowds with Da Mai trailing in her wake. 

Selena cruised from shop to shop, buying clothes and shoes. She brought a beautiful chinese silk dress, covered in screen printed oriental dragons. It was beautiful, and she had plans to wear it for David, at their first meeting.

She strode into an outdoor cafe and orders two coffees. She needed to convince Da Mai to disappear for a while so she could meet up with David. This would take some arranging.

"Da Mai, I need a cellphone and the car. I have someone to meet and I need you total discretion. Father and Jenson must not know of this. Can I rely on you?"

"Of course Miss. I can call up for another car and I will follow you at a safe distance. May I enquire as to what you have in mind?"

"Sure," replied Selena, "I met a man on the flight in, he's the co-pilot and I want him. I want to go meet him at the Copthorne Plaza."

"Very well," Da Mai replied. "I shall follow you and wait in the coffee bar across the street. You have my full discretion. My lips are sealed." She flashed her a bright smile and made a phone call. "A car from the motor pool is being delivered to the Copthorne now. It will be there in 20 minutes. We have time to finish our coffees and make our way there. Are you comfortable with driving in the Hong Kong traffic?"

"Yes," quipped Selena. " I drive in London all the time and I've driven in LA. If I can handle that, Hong Kong will be easy." she joked.

"Good." Da Mai replied. 

"Finish your coffee while I get changed." Selena slipped away and disappeared into the ladies room. Moments later she re-emerged, clad in the silk dress. She looked stunning and Da Mai whistled her appreciation.

"You look beautiful, Miss Selena." Da Mai smiled at her. She was right. The orange silk dress complimented Selena's pale skin and flaming red hair.

Da Mai produced a cellphone and scribbled down the number, she then handed Selena a card. On it was Da Mai's cellphone number. "If you need me, just call that number. I'll be right there."

They left the coffee shop and returned to the yellow Porsche. Selena unlocked the car and slid behind the wheel. Gunning the engine they raced off into the traffic. Selena grinned as she fed the sports car through the traffic, she was enjoying this.

She drove the car into the parking lobby and handed the concierge the keys. Da Mai steeped out and touched Selena's hand. "Keep your phone close at hand, and call me if you need too. I'll be across the street in that coffee shop. Let me know when you plan to leave and I'll follow you in the other car. I've arranged with the motor pool for you to keep the Porsche until you leave for LA."

"You're a gem." came Selena's reply.

The two girls parted company, Selena striding into the air-conditioned hotel lobby and Da Mai crossed the street to the coffee shop. She crossed the lobby and fronted the reception desk. The attendant glanced up from the computer screen and smiled a greeting.

"Can I help you Miss?" she asked.

"Yes, would you be so kind as to ring Suite 492 and tell David Simpson that Miss Selena Rotheram is in the lobby and requests his company?"

"Certainly Ma'am." came the receptionists reply, "One moment please." She lifted the telephone and punched in the room number. After a brief delay the telephone was answered and she passed the message on. She glanced up at Selena and smiled.

"He's on his way down now, you may wait in the lobby."

She wandered over to a comfortable leather couch and sat down. Her eyes roamed the lobby, taking in the tourists coming and going and the general hustle and bustle. The lift doors bell rang and slid apart. There he stood, casually dressed in fine linen slacks and a polo shirt of navy blue. He looked even more handsome than in his airline uniform. Selena felt her heart rate increase dramatically and a flush came over her. 

He walked confidently across the lobby and looked around. Selena slid out of her seat and crossed the floor towards him, her legs were slightly unsteady and her nipples were hardening at the sight of him. He noticed her and smiled a broad smile. His eyes drank her in, scanning her fine figure from head to toe, noticing the small points of her erect nipples through the thin silk. He whistled slightly between pursed lips and spoke.

"You look amazing. Join me for a drink?"

"Love too." Selena gasped. She felt light headed and dizzy and it wasn't from the Hong Kong heat. The lobby was air-conditioned but to her it felt like it was 100 degrees. They crossed into the darkened bar, finding a booth in the corner. Dave motioned to the bartender and he came over to take the order.

"What will you have?" he asked her. 

"Vodka tall." she replied quickly.

"And a scotch rocks as well." Dave spoke to the bartender.

"How was the flight in?" He asked her. "I hope we didn't jar you too much on landing, it was a tricky cross wind this morning."

"The flight was perfect." she replied to him. The bartender returned with the tray and drinks, placing the glasses before them. They lifted their glasses in a silent toast and drank. The cool vodka was crisp on her tongue and soothing on her. She was glad she had taken the risk of meeting him here.

"So," he asked her "What brings you to Hong Kong? Business or Pleasure?" he accented the word 'pleasure' and smiled. 

"I've come here to see my father, he's a banker here." She looked into his deep blue eyes as she spoke. They mesmerised her with their colour and sparkle. 

"I'm spending a week here then flying to LA for a week to see my brother. We haven't been together for almost 2 years and I miss him. He's a designer in Hollywood, works for a movie studio."

"Wow, that’s a cool job." Dave replied.

"Where are you off too next?" Selena asked him.

"We fly from here to Ontario in three days, then through to New York and back to London. I then get two weeks off." he told her while sipping the pale scotch, the ice clinking against the glass as he swirled it around.

She smiled at him and sipped her drink. "I have to have dinner with my father tonight, and I think he's taking me to a show, but I'm free tomorrow. Care to take me sight-seeing?" she asked pointedly.

"I'd love too, Selena." He replied, a smile crossing his face. "I'll show you the sights the tourists don’t go, its a lot less crowded."

She motioned to the bartender for a pen and paper. "I'm at the Marriott, Presidential Suite. Heres my cellphone number. Call me in the morning and I'll meet you somewhere. I have a car so transport isn't a problem. You select the wine and I'll bring the picnic basket. I have to go now, get ready for dinner and all that. I'll see you in the morning." She reached across the table and kissed his cheek.

"See you tomorrow." She called over her shoulder as she left the bar. Dave watched her as she walked away, a broad grin across his face. He crossed the bar and mounted a stool.

"Same again thanks." he ordered. The bartender grinned and followed his glance. 

"Very nice" he quipped. "You're a lucky man."

"Yes indeed." came Dave's reply.

The ringing cellphone woke her, she rolled over between the luxurious satin sheets and found the phone on the bedside table. She answered it in a sleepy voice while checking her watch.

"Hello?"

"Hello Selena." came the cheerful voice through the phone, "Dave Simpson here. Did I wake you?"
