 I have finally finished up a rather hectic few days and now find myself sitting at the airport sipping on a cold lager and taking time to relax.

I almost thought it was you as a very enticing lady walked by and smiled, then stopped and asked if she could join me as we were both waiting to be called for boarding. "Of course, please, take a seat" I offered as she so perfectly slid her knees under the table and bent her hips in my direction as they followed. I must have been smiling as I was very taken with how perfectly her pencil skirt cradled and showed the curves of her gorgeous arse off so so delightfully. She noticed my gaze and her eyes dipped demurely towards the ground as she had enticed the reaction she was obviously intending.

She was wearing a light, white blouse. Light in colour and in texture and it showed off her form and flesh without being obvious. I noticed that she was wearing a half bra. Her breasts held up by silken cups of fabric that seemed to effortlessly cradle her womanhood.

It was a strange situation as we started to talk about New Zealand and what we thought of it. Casual tones and conversations seemed to be the order of the day but it was definitely more than that as she would brush her knees against mine as she turned to talk, or her hand would brush my arm as she laughed at a comment.

I enjoyed studying her face. It was light, joyous in how it expressed her thoughts as she talked and smiled in response to our stories. Her eyes were blue and I was grateful for that as it helped me to focus on her face until the opportunity arose when she looked up to order another drink and I took another glance at her breasts. Her nipples were now firm from when she had sat down and they pushed just over the edge of the silken cup holding the rest of her so perfectly. She whispered "Do you like what you see?" and it started me. For the first time in what seems like forever, I think I blushed in being caught out but I had been so taken by their shape I must have forgot how long I was admiring them.

"Please excuse my rudeness but I am simply stunned by your beauty."

She again looked down towards the ground. Her cheeks seemed to blush slightly and she softly responded. "As I have been of yours since I saw you and as such, I am flattered and surprisingly nervous that you find me beautiful."

Slowly I lent over and with the deftest touch of my lips, kissed her smooth long neck. She inhaled quickly at the touch of my lips on her flesh and the feel of my hand on her thigh as my fingers pressed gently into her firm flesh. "Then we are fortunate in our meeting"......

Late morning. The sounds and smell of a busy Sydney city try hard to cut through my tranquility and fight for my attention - I cradle my dopio close to my nose to keep it at bay. The smell of newly roasted beans and the feel of my half firm cock lazing happily in my jeans takes my mind back to yesterday's flight.

Moments after our first purposeful touch the boarding call beckoned us. We stood and made our way slowly down the flight bridge towards the plane.

I asked her what seat she had and noted it was only three rows from my own.

As we moved to enter the plane she turned and looked at me, and as she leaned in towards me she brushed the tip of her still firm nipple across my chest and whispered softly "Please use this toy as You see fit".

I kissed her glistening lips softly "I had intended to do exactly that".

We were shown to our seats and prepared for the flight.

Once in the air on our way to Sydney I unbuckled my seat-belt and moved along the aisle towards the bathroom. As I past her seat I brushed a fingertip over her earlobe in such a subtle way I almost felt her body shake in response. I kept walking and took the furthest restroom and smiled to her as I closed the door behind me.

I laughed to myself as less than a minute later I heard a very discrete knock on the door. Opening it to see her I moved to let her join me before again locking it.

Reaching down I took hold of the bottom of her tight skirt and started to pull it up her thighs and over her hips delighting in both the feel and look of how gorgeous a woman's arse looks in a dress when they don't wear panties and having the mirror behind allowing me even better views of her curves.

We didn't kiss. I watched her, smelt her but did not taste her as I unbuttoned the top of her blouse and admired the shape of her breasts.

I do so love the lines and curves of a woman's body, I thought to myself.

Unzipping my jeans to extract my cock from its confines she followed my actions and smiled. She did not move and knew she was there for my pleasure.

I knelt as best I could and sniffed at her exposed lips. Fuck, that smell... that warm, moist smell of a healthy aroused woman makes me so hard. Only then did I taste her. The tip of my tongue slipped over the hood of flesh covering her clit. She moaned and I scowled "No noise, none!"

Slowly rising to my feet my arms slipped between her legs and my hands cupped her firm arse as her feet lifted from the floor until we were standing there - her thighs on my forearms, her arse in my hands with her cheeks on the washbasin, her breasts firm and exposed and her cunt being slowing forced open by my swollen cock.

She smiled and slowly closed her eyes as my cock smoothly entered her until its tip was slipping along her warm walls.

My cock was so hard it almost hurt as I started to fuck her, harder and deeper with each pump. My shaft slipping between her walls as she squeezed herself around me with every thrust.

It was heated and the visceral use of a gorgeously inviting cunt by my cock made me speed up my rhythm. A rabid dog fucking a stray bitch till they were so aroused the bitches cunt refused to let go of the cock inside her.

I could hear her breathing quicken and knew she was close. Leaning in I took hold of one of her nipples in my teeth as I lifted her arse higher before lowering her soaking hole quickly back along my shaft as the flesh of her breast stretched from my teeth. She arched her back to relieve the pain as my balls slapped at her arse cheeks... her eyes flung over and looked desperately at me as I repeated this time and time again...

Her stomach was rock hard and contracted. Her cunt gripped around my shaft and with a simple, low rubble of my voice around her engorged breast..."Yes" she murmured...she came...she bucked and buckled. Her body awash with spasms as an orgasm washed through her and like an offering, she, her body, her mind..received it. But she did not make a single sound beside the simple "Yes".

My cock loved the feel of her bodies delight as it released itself around it and before it too joined it I picked her up and slipped her tight cunt from my shaft and sat her on the washbasin's edge.

Kneeling, I again sampled her. The closest I could place her was Chanel #5, my favourite.

We changed position and sat there against the washbasin. Her, squatting, legs apart, skirt still on her hips and her nipples erect and sitting at the edge of her bra.

She smiled as she took hold of my throbbing shaft and looked up at me as she started to lick her juices from the tip of my cock. Like a lollipop she licked and cleaned my cock as it slipped deeply into her mouth.

As she cupped my balls and gently pulled at them the head of my cock slipped into her throat.

The tip of my leather shoe lifted to play at her lips and my fingers slipped into her long dark hair as I started to fuck her throat.

She squatted down more and ground her clit over my toe as I took hold of her head and started to throat fucked her...used her deep and quick and as pre-cum started to drip from my cock she circled her fingers around the base of my balls and gently pulled and squeezed.

With a rush, cum sprayed from my cock down her throat, again and again as my fingers dug into her head and held her tightly...her clit riding my shoe like a dildo, hard, deep and fast as spray washed down her throat. Her tongue poked out and licked at my balls and gave her air as I continued to release into her..and then she again clenched and released. Her throat opening more and taking me deeper as she slowly ground her clit on my foot...all without a sound.

I let her clean me up as I pulled the head of my cock from her throat and lay it in her mouth. She licked and swallowed me clean until I pulled at her hair and watched as my cock slipped from her mouth and she stood up in front of me.

I brushed her hair into place and buttoned up her top as she continued to play with my cock. Reaching down I put it away and zipped up my jeans. My hand slipped between her legs and wiped slowly along her lips to pick up her moisture on my fingers before wriggling her tight skirt back over her thighs.

We stood there for a moment before she took hold of my moist hand and slipped one of its fingers into her mouth to suckle on. Releasing it she looked down and said in a small, almost silent voice "Thank You for using this toy".

She opened the door and moved back towards her seat as I stood there waiting a moment.

Smiling as I looked down and noticed the sparkle of my shoe and found myself running the tip of my nose over the palm of my hand.

As I returned to my seat I leaned over as I passed her "Do you have anyone meeting you when you arrive?"

"I was hoping you would be free." Was her smiling response ...