 Welcome to Part Five of The Florida Trip, aka The Baseball Trip: Season Two. You don't have to read the earlier stuff to get what's going on but, I mean, maybe try it? Just do a little bit and see how it feels. 

Everyone is over the age of 18.

When I woke up in the morning, the bedroom was empty. For the first time I could remember on this trip, I had a hotel room all to myself. It was eerie. Unsettling. I checked my phone for messages and found nothing. I got up, laid out my clothes, and took a long, hot shower. Let it all pour over me.

What had started as another amazing sex adventure with my friends was slowly turning into a fucking nightmare. My girlfriend, Alyssa, was MIA. My roommate, Julia, had ripped me apart physically and emotionally and now we weren't speaking. I'd accidentally inseminated Sarah's younger sister the night before and now both of them were gone. I hadn't fucked things up with Kelsey, at least, but she'd managed to upset almost everyone else on her own. I sighed as I soaped up. At least things couldn't get any worse.

Just as I felt my muscles start to relax, I heard my phone ringing. By the time I got out of the shower and wrapped myself in a towel, it was too late. I saw the call was from Alyssa.

"Where you at?" I texted her.

"Other hotel room," she wrote back. Well that was easy enough. I got dressed in shorts and a t-shirt and went over. No one was waiting for me by the hockey pool. In fact, the hotel grounds were still quiet. It didn't feel that early, but I guess it was for most people.

As I walked, I tried to enjoy the hot Florida sun. This was why we'd gone on our trip, after all. To escape the winter. Back home it was perma-gray and snow still piled on the ground weeks after it had fallen. Here, the sky was clear and cloudless. Everything was overbright and already too hot. I started to think that maybe I should have taken a colder shower.

I turned the corner to go around to the other side of the building and ran into Sarah and Chloe. Both of them were heading back to our hotel room. They had on t-shirts and shorts. Big dark sunglasses and floppy hats. Not exactly matching outfits but close enough. We shared an awkward hello.

"Everything... OK?" I asked Sarah. Her sister wouldn't even look at me. Chloe just stared down and kicked at the ground.

God, upset as they were, the two sisters were still so sexy. Sarah, brown hair up in a pony tail, her massive chest sticking out like it could barely be contained by her t-shirt. Chloe didn't have her sister's chest, but her butt was practically perfection. Looking at them, I couldn't help but remember the night before. Sarah sucking on my shlong as her bounteous breasts bounced. My cock pistoning into Chloe's pussy while I squeezed onto her ample ass.

But then, that was how I'd gotten into this trouble in the first place.

"It's fine," Sarah said, "We're fine. It's all, um, taken care of."

"I'm really sorry," I said to Chloe. To both of them. Sarah just nodded back.

"We're going to go take care of a few things," Sarah said, nodding back towards our room. "Kelsey and Julia are in the food court having breakfast. We'll meet up with you guys in a sec."

I started to say that I was happy everything was OK and that I knew I'd made a mistake and I was sorry. I wanted to tell them that I would meet up with Alyssa at the other hotel room and then join everyone else. That I was really looking forward to spending the day with everyone.

But Sarah and Chloe walked off before I could begin. Fuck, this was even more fucked than I'd thought.

*

I hopped up the stairs, expecting to have a quick catch-up with Alyssa before heading over to breakfast. I wasn't looking forward to seeing Julia, but I figured she and I would have to hash it out at some point. I didn't think Alyssa seeing Kelsey again would go well, either, but I figured they'd both at least pretend to be polite. It felt like a chance, if not to fix things, then at least get them to a point where we could start enjoying ourselves again. Also, I was really hungry, so maybe I was just deluding myself.

When I got to the door, I froze. For some reason, knocking seemed intrusive. Then I remembered that we'd never switched our magic bands from before. As far as Mickey was concerned, this was my hotel room. So, I waved my wrist at the door and, sure enough, it popped right open.

I heard them before I saw anything. My girlfriend's grunts and groans. The sounds she made as her body built toward ecstasy. The gasps that screamed she was fucking.

Alyssa was on all fours on the bed, facing outward. Her long, red hair cascaded down. Her tits hung over the bed, swinging back and forth. Her eyes squeezed shut as she rocked back and forth -- pretty face contorted in effort. And behind her, holding her hips as he slid her back and forth, was Kevin.

Kelsey's boyfriend was grunting with each push into Alyssa. His muscular forearms strained. His backside taut. His curly hair was somehow perfectly messy.

"Oh, hey man," Kevin said, casual as anything, "I didn't hear you come in." The copulating couple stopped. Alyssa looked up at me. I couldn't read her face.

"I, ummmm, sorry," I said, "Excuse me. I didn't mean to ummmm." I started to back out of the room. This was OK after all. It was what Alyssa and I had agreed to and we were both fine with how it was...

"Oh, come here, you big doofus," Alyssa said, and motioned me over to her with her head. The room was dark -- just a little bit of sunlight escaped through the blinds -- and it smelled of sex. My girlfriend's own scent and other things as well. Even fucking another guy, I still couldn't help be overwhelmed by how attractive Alyssa was. She had that naughty little smile that made me want to fuck it right off her face. I walked up to her with that exact thought in mind.

Without another word, my girlfriend reached out with one hand and unzipped my pants. Pulled my cock out of my fly. I wasn't hard, but that didn't last for long as my libidinous girlfriend pulled me into her warm, waiting mouth with one gulp. Her body started to rock back and forth -- the sign that Kevin had started fucking her again.

"Hmmmmm," she groaned, "That's better. I knew I was missing something."

I did my best to focus on the pretty redhead performing on my penis, rather than on the dude giving it to her from behind. Don't get me wrong, though, it was fucking hot. The two of us pushing and pulling. Stretching her out. A shared vessel for our pleasure. Alyssa seemed to feel it, too. Slurping on my cock with abandon. Far more sloppy and unrestrained than I was used to. "Uhn. Uhn. Uhn." with every push from behind.

I dragged my hand up to her cheek. Ran my fingers through her crimson hair. Alyssa started moving faster, shaking. Losing her focus as the fucking from behind her came ever faster. I felt her struggling for breath, snorting from her nose like a racing mare. But she kept sucking at me, as if my cock could provide her needed oxygen, as well.

All three of us moving like that, a symphony of squeaks, gasps and grunts. A strange Rube Goldberg-esque machine of fucking. No words. Just work. I heard Kevin make a low, loud grown.

"Mm!" Alyssa tried to speak around my cock, "Mm! Mhm! Mhm! MMMMMmmmmmmmmmm..." Her bottom dropped down. She reached up and took my cock with her hand. Stroking in time with her mouth.

I thought I might be a while, but Alyssa sucked the orgasm right out of me. Like a shake through a straw, my spend shot into my girlfriend's waiting mouth. I grunted. Squeezed her head probably a little too hard.

I stepped back, panting, while Alyssa rolled over. She grabbed a tissue from the nightstand and held it to her snatch. I caught Kevin's eye for a second and he gave me a little thumbs up. It was kind of cute, honestly.

"Well I want a shower after that," Alyssa said, "But at least I don't need breakfast." She rubbed her stomach happily, then stood up and gave me a kiss on the cheek. I zipped myself back up and adjusted, my cock shrinking back like a turtle into its shell.

I heard the shower turn on, a familiar sound at this point. Kevin covered himself with the sheets and started looking around for his clothes.

"I'll let you get dressed," I said to Kevin, "I'll be with the others up front."

"Yes," Kevin said, "Sounds good." He seemed very content, a little embarrassed (which was sweet), but mostly just relaxed. More than the post-orgasm thing. Like he'd found his place and was happy to stay there for a while. I was glad for him.

"I'm guessing this means you worked things out with Kelsey, finally?" I asked.

"Well," Kevin said, sheepish, "You could say that, I suppose."

*

"That piece of donkey dung dumped me," Kelsey said, anger radiating off of her. She was holding her coffee mug like she was strangling it. Her bright red cami top seemed to match her mood. For a second I found myself appreciating how stunning she was, but then I reminded myself that this probably wasn't the time to get swept up in her allure.

I'd found Kelsey sitting with Julia, Sarah, and Chloe in the over-bright food court in the hotel lobby. The place was busy -- full of families eating breakfast before heading out on the day's adventures. The air was filled with poppy tunes and the clatter of plates.

The women were all sitting around a table near the soda machine. None of them would meet my eyes. Instead they all focused on comforting Kelsey. The beautiful blonde looked upset, angry, all of it. A maelstrom of emotion that could barely be contained by her thin frame.

"Motherfucker," Kelsey said, "He woke me up early this morning, took me outside the room, and told me it was over. I think Old Yeller got a better ending than me."

"Did he say what happened?" I asked.

"Your fucking scarlet harpy, that's what happened," Kelsey said, "He spent all night with her and then he made some 'adult decisions.' I hope his little dick falls off while he's fucking that skank. She's probably got herpes. Loads of herpes. Like, the Walmart of herpes."

"I'm going to get something to eat," I said and stood up. Kelsey was clearly letting off steam. But just because I understood, it didn't mean that I was willing to get scalded. Sarah jumped up after me and we walked together. Getting through the food court was like working our way around a series of rugby scrums, people careening off in every direction. Somehow, we made our way up to the station with Mickey waffles. Despite the chaos, the line was almost empty.

"I'm sorry, Ben," Sarah said while we waited, "Kelsey's just upset. She doesn't mean those things. I know she doesn't."

"It's fine," I said, "I get it. How are you?"

Sarah looked away. "Fine," she said, "I'm fine."

I got my food, and we walked back to the table together. The girls were all sitting there, still comforting Kelsey. As soon as I got there, though, all four of them stood up. "We're going to take Kelsey for a walk," Chloe said.

"Yes. Of course," I said, "Anything I can do?"

"Just... Give her time," Sarah said, "Give us time."

"I want to be there for my friend," I said, "Is that really too much to ask?"

Julia stopped in her tracks. She spun around. The other three girls froze, as well. Watching. Julia marched back to the table and sat down right in front of me. Her hair tightly pulled back in a pony tail -- the rest of her totally wild. Out of control.

"You want to be there for people," she said, "Help them feel better." I saw the muscles in her arms go taut. Rippling with rage.

"You're my friends," I said.

"You told Brandon about me," she said. Not a question. My Mickey waffle smiled up at me, mocking with that shit-eating grin. "Ha ha!" he seemed to be saying, "You're fucked now, fucker."

"I'm sorry, Julia," I said, "I really didn't mean it. He came out and asked about you and me. Said you were, ummm, not active with him. In bed. It slipped out. I didn't mean to say it, I really didn't."

"So, you didn't mean to, conveniently, tell my boyfriend to dump me," Julia said.

"That's not fair."

"But it's fair for you to fuck me and then treat me like shit?" Julia asked. I noticed the eating area had suddenly gotten strangely silent. I didn't care. Everybody wanted to be angry today? Fine I could do that, too. After all, I'd walked in on my girlfriend fucking another guy. I'd probably screwed up the one good thing I had going with Sarah. Kelsey, of course, blamed me for her breakup. And Julia?

"I'm treating you like shit?" I shouted, "How about how you treat me? Brandon gets soft and loving and I get scratched half to death. Beaten and bruised. Why do I deserve that, huh? Because I'm just your punching bag, right?"

Julia seemed to inch back in her seat. All the girls, still standing there watching, flinched, too.

"I wasn't loving with Brandon," Julia said. It came out so quiet, I had to lean in to listen. "I just lay there because it.... I don't know why, but it wasn't the same. I kept wanting it to be like with you and it wasn't. It was awful and I hated it. Hated myself."

"I don't understand," I said. Matching her volume. Almost a whisper

"Last summer? With you? It was the best sex of my life. I mean, I'm never like that. I'd never, ummm, you know, ejaculated, like that before. Or anything. But you were gone and I couldn't have that. I thought it was easy. I'd meet someone else. But you broke me, Ben."

"Broke you?" I felt the anger rising again, "You missed me so bad? You could have had me. I was right there. I asked you and you shot me down. Hard."

"You ambushed me!" Julia said, "I was sitting on the couch watching fucking Game of Thrones and you asked me if I loved you out of nowhere. After, by the way, after you'd already gotten nos from Sarah and Kelsey."

"It wasn't like that," I said.

"It still doesn't give you the right to fuck up my relationship and then fuck with me. My feelings. You called me a robot before but I'm a human being." Julia pinched her arm so hard it went white. "You didn't have to stay, Ben, after you say I broke you so bad. You told me you were fine. Fine with me and being just friends. But then you turn around and do... Fuck you it's not fair."

"You're right," I said, "I'm sorry.

But Julia was already standing. I thought I saw her sniffle, but then she turned her back on me and all four girls started storming off. Wrapped around each other like they were forming a shield. A wall.

The girls were gone. I stayed out of a sense of, I don't know, pride? Fear? I sat by myself and dared the other tables to stare back at me. I tried to eat my waffle but it was cold and my stomach wasn't into the effort. I'd thought the day before had gone badly. It was nothing. A speed bump compared to the massive canyon I'd created.

I thought about Alyssa, my girlfriend, and how I really needed her support right then. I ached for someone who loved me to tell me that everything was going to be OK. Even if it wasn't.

And I realized that there was one more thing I had to do.

*

Alyssa showed up with Kevin about ten minutes after the other girls left. They both were all smiles till they saw the look on my face. Kevin quickly went off to get food. He could sense what was coming. Alyssa could, too.

"Let's go outside," she said. I let her lead me out of the lobby. It was still early, the pool wasn't open yet, and the water was smooth as glass. Alyssa found a quieter corner away from the buildings where there was little foot traffic. She leaned against the side of a concrete planter. One side of her face still looked a little swollen where Kelsey had slapped her. We squinted at each other through the brightness.

"You're not having fun anymore are you?" Alyssa asked.

"I thought I was," I said, "I tried to a bunch of times. But no."

"Look, I get it. You're down," Alyssa said, "But Kelsey will get over the breakup and Julia is, well, you probably both need a break from each other."

"She told you what happened?"

"Most of it, yes," Alyssa said, "And Sarah, well, like I said Ben. She cares for you. She'll admit them eventually if you let her. And things will be OK again."

"I hope so," I said, "But this isn't about all that. And I don't think it is for you either. You're not just 'fooling around' with Kevin. Are you?"

Alyssa looked away from me. "No," she said, "I don't think I am."

"It's OK," I said, "I'm happy for you. I want you to be with someone that makes you happy."

"We found each other yesterday after the big fight," Alyssa said, "We got to talking. We both were kind of in the same place, mentally, I think. He gets it. Gets me."

"And it's not just having fun," I said.

"No," Alyssa said, the word slipped out like a murder confession. "I'm sorry Ben. I didn't want to hurt you. I know this is not cool, what I'm doing. If you'd broken the rules like this, I'd... I'm not sure what I would have done. I'm sorry."

"Nothing to be sorry about," I said, "Even if it wasn't Kevin, I think it's time to move on. After the huge argument in the food court, I was sitting there, trying to eat my waffle. Feeling down. And I thought about how, in times like that, I'd want my girlfriend to be there for me. And then I thought about all the other times I've needed you. Like when I was dizzy in Epcot or unsure of myself..."

"That's not me," Alyssa said. "I'm not the coddling type."

"And that's OK," I said, "You should be who you are. It's just... not for me. I wanted to be someone who didn't have feelings, but I'm not. No matter how much I wish I was."

"I know," Alyssa said, "I've always kind of known. That night back in October, when I asked about the party, I was kind of pushing you, so you'd break up with me. I knew you wouldn't be happy with me fooling around. But then you told me about your baseball trip. And I thought, well, maybe I'd misjudged you. I'm sorry. I really didn't want to hurt you, Ben. I'd only feel bad if I did that."

"It really was a lot of fun," I said, "For a little while."

"I guess you're just a three-girl kind of guy," Alyssa said and laughed a little, "So domestic."

"I don't know," I said, "Maybe. Right now, I'm a no-girl kind of guy and I'm going to have to live with that. My stupid choices."

"At least you got a good-bye blowjob," Alyssa said. She was trying to be funny, I knew. But it was a reminder of why we didn't work out.

*

Alyssa, Kevin and I finished breakfast and then went up to the front desk of the hotel. We agreed that, for the safety of us all, Alyssa and Kevin should be, officially, severed from the rest of the Florida trip. The two of them were happy to be by themselves, anyway. They did their best to not be too affectionate in front of me, but I could tell they were excited about it being just the two of them together.

Kevin and Kelsey had driven to Disney in his car, so he would drive back with Alyssa. The room situation was also easily sorted out. Alyssa and Kevin could keep the room with the pool view while the rest of us would make do with the room we had left. It wasn't ideal, exactly, but it was workable. The front desk was very understanding and made the process of changing things over easy. I got the feeling this wasn't the first time they'd dealt with something like this. Disney orgies. Who knew?

I texted all these plans to the girls and got back one-word answers. Yes. Fine. Thanks. I didn't mention that Alyssa and I were now apart, and no one bothered to ask why she was shacking up with only Kevin.

With all that taken care of, Alyssa and Kevin ran off to who-knows-where. I didn't know where Julia, Kelsey, Chloe, and Sarah went either, and I decided not to bother them. It left me by myself in the lobby, lost about what I was supposed to do next.

We were driving home in two days. My trip already felt over. For a moment, I considered maybe getting a separate room for myself. Buying a plane ticket home. I wasn't upset about breaking up with Alyssa. Far from it. Our separation was probably the one thing I felt good about in the moment. Moving on from that relationship, it was more than stepping away from something toxic. It was embracing who I was as a person. Accepting my own personal happiness. It was the most satisfying thing I'd done in months.
