 Welcome to Part TWO of The Florida Trip. This is intended as a direct sequel to my previous Trip series, The Baseball Trip. Think of this as The Baseball Trip: Season Two. You don't have to read the original story to get what's going on here, but it'll definitely help. 

Everyone is over the age of 18.

I was back in the hot tub. Sitting in the warm, sudsy water. Sexy Sarah was by my side, slowly stroking my cock. My girlfriend, Alyssa, watched from across the way. Her own hands full of beautiful blonde Kelsey and her boyfriend Kevin. The pressure from Sarah's touch felt so good, pumping me, but somehow I couldn't cum. Alyssa cheered me on.

"Come on, Ben," she said.

"Cum for us," Kelsey said, her eyes half-lidded from the pleasure my girlfriend was giving her.

"Yes, Ben, do it," Julia said. My roommate was sitting across from me in the tub, leaning forward on her elbows like she couldn't wait for the big finish.

"I know you want to so bad," Sarah said.

"Come on, baby," they said, all in unison now, "Cum!"

I blinked my eyes open.

I was lying in bed, daylight creeping through our hotel window. My pillow smelled like chlorine and industrial cleaner. I rolled over, groggy, and found Alyssa staring at me. Light-green eyes half open.

"Hey," she said, sleepily, "Good dream?"

"Not bad," I said.

"Sounded like it," Alyssa said, "You were groaning in your sleep. But not better than the reality, right?" She smiled that naughty smile of hers.

"Yes," I said, "I mean no. I mean, about that. What happened last night..."

"It was awesome, wasn't it?" my girlfriend said. She brushed her red hair out of her face. "I mean, when you told me about your road trip last summer, I figured some of it had to be made up. But after last night at the pool? Holy fuck you weren't kidding. This is going to be so much fun. For both of us."

Alyssa leaned over and kissed me on the nose. I didn't know what to say. Like I had a question in me somewhere, but I'd left it next to my car keys back on the kitchen counter.

Before I could find it again, Alyssa rolled out from under the covers. She'd changed into a light blue, knee-length cami at some point during the night and I loved the way the sheer material hung off her incredible body.

"After all that, I definitely need a shower," Alyssa said and padded off to the bathroom.

I now had a clear look at the other bed. Sexy brunette Sarah was lying back like she might still be asleep. Her little sister, Chloe was next to her, resting her head on Sarah's shoulder. Eyes wide open and staring off. The high school senior saw me looking and grinned.

"Well that was interesting," Chloe said.

"What?" I asked.

"Don't play dumb, it doesn't suit you," she said.

"That's not what I've been told."

Chloe tsked her tongue at me and threw off the covers She stood up and stretched her arms over her head, giving me quite the view of her substantial assets. Then, as if no one else was in the room, Sarah's teenaged sister reached down and pulled her shirt right off.

"Chloe!" Sarah said, suddenly wide awake.

"What?" Chloe asked, "The bathroom is taken and I need to get changed. Plus there's nothing here he didn't see last night."

That was true, but that didn't stop me from appreciating the high school senior's body. Chloe really had a nice set of tits -- large and firm. And when she turned around to get into her suitcase? I mean, my God. That girl had an ass that demanded to be squeezed, slapped, taken. My brain knew Sarah's younger sister was a lesbian, but all my penis saw was a perfect target.

"Also, you're my sister and he's a boy," Chloe said, "So I don't really care if either of you are looking. Now if Alyssa was out here..." Chloe saw the surprised expression on my face and stuttered to a stop. "Your girlfriend's hot, Ben. That's all I'm saying."

"She is," I agreed.

"I really like her, Ben," Sarah said. She was sitting up now. Her brown hair hung down all tangled, creating curtains over her amazing, massive chest. Sure, Sarah was wearing a tank top and long pajama pants. It hardly held in how sexy she was.

"Thanks," I said, "For last night."

"Oh, it was my pleasure," she said.

"See, now that's gross," Chloe said and shook her head, "Breeders." She pulled on a sleeveless striped top and a pair of short, khaki shorts. We'd begun our trip freezing in Buffalo. We weren't even in Florida yet, but we'd already entered summer clothes territory. It was a wonderful thing to wake up to.

Chloe started to sit back down on the bed, but her older sister stopped her. "I need coffee, Chlo," Sarah said, "Can you go get some?"

"Get it yourself," Chloe said, "Ben and I are recapping last night's action. Speaking of hot chicks, Ben, your roommate's pretty awesome, too. And don't even get me started on Kelsey. I mean, I remembered she was pretty, but..."

"Chloe," Sarah said, holding her head like it was vibrating, "Coffee. Now."

"Fine fine," Chloe said, picking up her purse and heading for the front door, "Somebody needs to get laid. Try not to fuck on my side of the bed though, OK? I know I'm not sleeping there again, but I'll still be able to feel it scorch my soul."

Sarah threw a pillow at her sister, but Chloe had already escaped out the front door.

"So, about last night," Sarah said once her sister was gone. The buxom brunette scooched over to the side of her bed, reached out, and took my hands. Pulled me up so we were sitting across from each other.

Oh no, not this again. 

On our previous road trip -- the one in the summer with a little bit of baseball and a fuck-ton of fucking -- Sarah had spent the whole time doing dirty stuff with me at night and then feeling guilty about it in the morning. I'd assumed that since she was no longer in a relationship, Sarah would finally break her cycle of horny guilt (turned on remorse?). Apparently not.

"Sarah, it's fine," I said, "Seriously."

"But you and Alyssa."

"I'm pretty sure you saw how Alyssa feels about all this," I said, "She's just having fun. You should, too."

Before Alyssa and I had left for the Florida trip, we'd both agreed that it was OK to fool around a little. After all, it was a trip tradition. Besides, if the last adventure had taught me anything, it was that I wasn't made for real, deep relationships. That made Alyssa my perfect partner.

"Remember what Kelsey said the last time?" I said, "Just playing around. There's nothing to get mad about. Certainly not to be sad about. It's not a relationship, so enjoy the ride."

Sarah squeezed my hands. Sort of swung my arms back and forth. Nervous. "No, I get it. I mean, I started it last night. Well, Alyssa started it but it's not like I had to keep going. Anyway. I know it's not cheating. It's just... I want to make sure I'm clear about my intentions."

I smiled, genuinely. This was the Sarah I remembered and adored. Overthinking everything only after it had already happened.

"I'm happy you're with Alyssa," Sarah said, "I really am. Last summer was incredible. It changed my life. I know that sounds weird, but it really did. But even if we could be together, Ben? I wouldn't want it. Don't take it hard. I wouldn't want anyone right now. I feel like I've been trapped for so long and I want some freedom to figure out who I am."

The bathroom door opened with a pop. We'd been so engaged, I never heard the shower stop. Alyssa walked out wrapped in a too small, white towel. Her pale, freckled skin still dripping. She looked down at where Sarah and I were holding hands and frowned. Sarah dropped me like I was poison ivy.

"I should jump in the shower," Sarah said.

"Yeah, you do that," Alyssa said.

*

Alyssa and I got dressed while Sarah got clean. Eventually, everyone met down in the lobby. It was still early, but the sun was already way too bright for a group of people that had been up far too late the night before. The breakfast area was busy, but we were able to find a table big enough for all seven of us: Me, my girlfriend Alyssa, my roommate Julia, Kelsey, her boyfriend Kevin, Sarah, and her younger sister Chloe.

As we ate the hotel breakfast -- dry pastry and wet, powdered eggs -- I tried to catch Alyssa's eye. But she wouldn't look my way. She'd told me she wasn't upset back in the room, which is just girl-code for "I'm upset." I didn't know what to do with that. I tried explaining that Sarah was in the middle of giving me the "it's not you, it's me" speech, but Alyssa had waved me off.

Everyone seemed a bit uncomfortable that morning, honestly. As if being so intimate the night before had left us all feeling distant. It made sense. We were all still in our respective relationships. No one had broken up or even argued (Ironically, holding Sarah's hand had gotten me in more trouble than fingering her pussy). Yet we'd all gotten naked and done dirty stuff together. It was a tough thing to reconcile, even for those of us who'd done something similar the summer before.

Were we all 'on a break' or did the fondling mean something? Was this a one-time thing or was the whole trip going to be this way? All of us carried the questions but no one was willing to bring them out and share the weight. So, we just sank lower with the burden of it. It didn't bode well for our future of being cooped up together for hours in the car.

Julia looked up and caught my eyes. Like the truth of it all had struck her, mid-bacon.

"Disney," she said. I couldn't help but smile wide. Suddenly, everyone around the table was grinning and nodding. Like Julia had spoken the magic words to wake us from our melancholy spell.

"We're going to be in Disney World. Today."

*

After breakfast, we collected our things and marched out to the parking lot. I assumed we'd all grab the same seats: Kelsey riding in her boyfriend, Kevin's car. Me, Alyssa, Sarah, and Chloe with Julia in the big white Honda Odyssey. But as I climbed into my usual spot in the middle row, I looked up and saw Alyssa on the other side of the lot, getting into Kevin's little sedan instead.

I jumped up to go after her, but before I could move, Sarah got in behind me and I was blocked. The one moment I didn't want the sexy Sarah sitting next to me.

"Hang on," I said, and started to open the door on the other side.

"Dude, if you've got to piss, use the bottle," Julia said as she climbed into the driver's seat. "We've already wasted too much time this morning."

"But..."

Julia started the car, the roar of the engine preemptively ending our argument. I pulled on my seatbelt as if I was chaining myself to the seat. I stared out the window like a puppy watching its new owner head into the supermarket. What the hell?

I kept an eye on Kevin's car as it followed us out of the parking lot, down the service road, and onto the highway. As if by tracking my girlfriend, I could keep our relationship under control. I knew Alyssa wasn't happy about... something. But it didn't make sense. She'd encouraged me to fool around. After all, hadn't she done the same with Kelsey and Kevin?

But maybe that was the problem. Alyssa told me she was attracted to the K couple, as I'd started to think of them. To be fair, everyone was into them. They were celebrity attractive, yet real-world right there. But what if Alyssa meant something more than just the usual objectification. What if last night had meant something more. Not for me or Sarah, but for the triad in the other car?

Sarah reached over and rubbed my arm. "I wouldn't worry too much," she said, "Remember, Kelsey's on her best behavior for her boyfriend."

I nodded. That did make me feel a little better. The old Kelsey would have... Well I didn't want to think about what our little slut would have been up to with my girlfriend.

"Yeah, what's up with that?" Chloe asked. I couldn't help but notice that she'd claimed the front seat next to Julia. The two of them had been hand-partners the night before, as well. I knew Chloe was in a relationship and Julia was about as straight a girl as I'd ever met. Except for that one time the previous summer. And these road trips did have a history of ending high school relationships. OK, so maybe I didn't know anything at all. I guess my point is that the two of them together again caught my eye. That's all.

"Kelsey wants to be a 'good girl' for her boyfriend," Sarah said, "She doesn't want him thinking she's some kind of slut."

"Seems like a lot of work, just to end up with an unhappy boyfriend in the end," Julia said, "Either he likes you chaste and he's going to be disappointed, or he wishes you were loose and leaves for someone who will be."

"That reminds me, what happened with you and your last boyfriend?" Sarah asked, "I mean, I'm happy to have Chloe along and all, but I thought Brandon was coming with us. Not that I'm prying. OK, I'm prying. What happened with you two?"

"Ben fucked it up," Julia said.

"Seriously?"

"I did not," I said. I was happy to have a distraction from my own dark road, but this was not the alley I wanted to turn down. I still felt responsible for Julia's break up, which meant I definitely didn't want her to blame me for it. Because, you know, being defensive and cagey is always the way to improve a friendship. "We had one conversation about the Sabres," I said, "That's it."

"And the next morning, out of nowhere, the fuckface dumped me," Julia said, "Whatever, I'm over it."

"Well, I mean, the Sabres are pretty bad this year," Chloe said.

"Shut the fuck up. Like your stupid Devils are any better," Julia said. She swerved the Odyssey out of the lane, slamming the gas and the horn at the same time. "Out of my way, assbitch!"

Well at least Julia was over it.

*

We crossed into Georgia and, I swear, the sun got brighter. The roads opened up, the trees turned greener, and all the highway signs showed speed minimums but no maximums. An invisible line and a "welcome" sign with a big orange peach on it could change the world, apparently.

We were all for marathoning it through -- we wanted as much Disney time as possible -- but our gas tank wasn't on the same page, so Julia pulled over to fill up at the first exit we came to. Kelsey's car slid into the pump behind ours.

I saw Alyssa jump out of the back seat and head over to the station's convenience store. I climbed over Sarah to do the same. No matter what anyone said about Alyssa understanding, I needed to talk to my girlfriend. The other girls stared after me as I sprinted into the convenience store.

"Wow, he really did have to pee," Chloe said.

"I don't know why he didn't just use the bottle like a big boy," Julia said.

Inside the rest stop, I scanned the aisles of candy bars and Pop Tarts until I saw that telltale shock of long red hair. I found Alyssa near the back, studying a shelf full of chips like they might hold the secret to solving our global energy crisis.

"I'm really craving Ruffles," she said, "But they don't have any. They are these things called 'Ridgies' but I don't think it'll be the same."

"Are we going to talk about this?" I asked.

"You think I should get Doritos, instead?" Alyssa asked.

"Come on. You're not allowed to be mad at me," I said, "We talked about this. Being an 'adult' and all that. Besides, you were fooling around in the hot tub, too." Alyssa looked at me a little surprised. Did she really think I hadn't noticed?

"No, of course I knew," Alyssa said. "I just..."

"You wanted to have a little fun," I said.

"Yeah, like we talked about," Alyssa said, "I thought that's what this trip was for."

"So you can play around," I said, "But when I do it, I get in trouble?"

Alyssa eyed me up, like trying to figure out if all my wires were connected properly. "You don't see it do you?" she said, "You and I can be together and do these things because we trust each other that it doesn't mean anything. That girl? Sarah? She wants something more."

"Alyssa, I told you this already. When you came out of the bathroom, Sarah was telling me she doesn't want a relationship. Seriously. She's just playing around. Like you. Like all of us."

"If you say so," Alyssa said. She leaned over and kissed me on the cheek.

"I know so," I said.

"Look, I'm not saying you can't fool around with Sarah," Alyssa said, "Hell go slap around those giant fun bags of hers till they burst. I trust you. Just keep an eye out is all I'm saying. I've seen it happen before and it's like spilling poison down a well. Once feelings get involved, you can never get them out again."

"It's just a little playful fondling," I said, "Nothing more. Like we agreed. I know that you're the only one for me."

Alyssa stepped back and smiled at me. "Well, let's not go crazy or anything," she said, then skipped out of the store.

*

I went to the bathroom, then bought a bag of the Ridgies and a bottle of Coke. After I paid, I walked back to the car. My legs were already stiff from the long drive and I hobbled around like someone had tied my laces together.

Alyssa was sitting in the backseat of the Odyssey, waiting for me.

"Kelsey and Kevin wanted some 'alone time,'" she said and shrugged. I figured the couple was having their own negotiations about what had happened the night before. Not just the helping hands from my lusty girlfriend, but before then -- in the pool -- when Kevin had grabbed for topless Alyssa, sending Kelsey and her bare breasts over to me.

"Their loss," Julia said, "This here's the party car."

Sarah took shotgun next to Julia this time, so Chloe settled for the third row. Once we got on the road, Julia used the GPS to show us how much further we had to go -- a thin green line, shorter than my pinkie, was all we had left. Disney felt so close, so real. Suddenly it was the only thing we could talk about.

"I can't wait to meet Mickey," Chloe said.

"Oh come on," Sarah said, "That's a cop out."

"Please, like you don't want to go see Winnie the Pooh," Chloe said.

""Everyone wants to meet Mickey," Sarah said, "It's like saying vanilla's your favorite ice cream. What Pooh and I have? That's special."

"Uh huh," Chloe said, "What about you Julia? First character?"

"I don't know," Julia said, "I'm way more excited about the rides. Buzz Lightyear maybe? Or Stitch? I guess Stitch."

"Way to nail it down there, buddy," I said.

"I haven't heard you mention anyone," Julia said.

"Oh that's easy," I said, "Cinderella."

"Ben that's creepy," Chloe said.

"Seriously, dude," Julia said.

"Fine fine," I said, "I guess I've got enough princesses here in the car to keep me busy."

"It's been so long since I was at Disney," Alyssa said, "I don't think I even remember which characters are there."

"We went a few times when I was younger," Julia said, "I haven't been since high school, though."

"Chloe and I haven't been in a long time, either," Sarah said, "Not since we were super young. Before our Dad... Well I doubt Chloe even remembers. What about you Ben?"

"I haven't been since third grade," I said, "Family car trip. Exactly like we're doing now."

The whole car turned and stared at me. Even Julia, who was driving. Four beautiful female faces, all of them turning a bit pink. Arousal or embarrassment, I couldn't say.

"Fine," I said, "Not exactly like we're doing now. Not at all."

*

When the car crossed into Florida, we all cheered. In only two days we'd gone from too cold for heat to too hot for A/C. From icicle covered, leafless trees to balmy palms. It really felt like we'd accomplished the impossible.

We had originally planned to stop in Jacksonville for lunch, but now that the Mouse was within reach, no one wanted to even pause. Instead we broke open the chips and candy we'd bought at the rest stop and resolved to drive on.
