 Friday morning my wife and I walked into the studio talking about our plans for the weekend and not paying attention to anything happening around us.

"Hey, good morning you two. I see we haven't lost you yet."

It was Sarah, smiling and seemingly happy to see us.

"Hey Sarah." My wife returned the greeting.

"How's your core coming along?"

"Great! Just great. Though my abs are feeling a little stiff and tired."

"They will get used to the work in no time." Sarah encouraged. "And you, I'm sure you need lots of help with your alignment right?"

"Guilty as charged."

"Okay. I was sitting here thinking about what I would do in class today. As I have an experienced class I should be able to call out the postures and do a hands on class. This will be good. See you two in class."

We were laying in savasana. I heard Sarah tip toe into the class and start her drum music.

"Okay class. Let's all slowly get to a standing position and start our warm up and breathing."

We all stood up on our mat and began to inhale and exhale in unison, each time trying to expand our lungs a little more.

"Today I will be a hands on guide. I know what each of you is trying to work on and trying to improve. In each posture I will visit one or two of you."

Sarah was walking around the room while she was talking and near the end of her speech was walking towards me.

"Okay class, let's begin with Tree pose." And Sarah was behind me.

"Okay Steve. Try to remember our private lesson."

'How could I forget our 'private lesson'', I thought to myself. I was trying to do all Sarah had taught me.

"Very good Steve." Sarah placed her hands on my chest. "Your chest is nicely opened. Your pelvis is level and pressing up meaning your abs are engaged." Her hands went to my hips then across my abs. "We still need to work on getting that knee back a bit further. Try to engage these muscles back here a little more." Sarah's hand moved to my ass and her fingers slid just far enough between my legs to squeeze my balls against my scrotum without anyone noticing. I smiled at her coolness.

"Okay class switch." And Sarah moved on to my wife, helping her to engage her core during tree and another lady instructing her to level her hips.

Sarah was wearing white yoga capris and a snug light blue t-shirt. No bra. 

The next visit I got from Sarah was during the Warrior series. Warrior II to be exact. I always loved this posture but Sarah would make me love it more for several reasons.

"Not bad Steve, but this is a very challenging and rewarding posture. We're going to do this in steps. First your hips and shoulders. Let's get those aligned."

Sarah placed her hands on my hips sliding me towards my left foot then my right until she found a place where my hips were level.

"Again we have to open your chest and lift your arms a little." Sarah ran her hands across my chest skillfully dragging her nails over my nipples though no one in the class could tell she was doing that. My balls and cock twitched.

"Good. Now we want to tip that pelvis forward and up." Sarah placed a hand just above my pubic and her other hand low on my ass. As she said "Now tuck this under." Her fingers once again pressed against my balls." She was sneaky.

Sarah continued moving around the class. As we finished our standing series Sarah announced that she was going to visit each of us during our savasana imploring us to consider it a posture and not just a lay-down. Sara continued to give us pointers while we were getting positioned on our mats. Sarah moved about the class. I could hear her whispering to each person as she visited them but was unaware where precisely she was in the room.

"Hi Steve" Sarah purred into my ear startling me from calm. "You do this pretty well. You listen so well. You could be my little slave I think Steve. That would be so fun. But for now I'm just going to make two adjustments. We need you to flatten your hips and then we need to release your cock. Like a good boy you're going to let me reach up under your shorts and pull your cock and balls out from under that silly liner and you're not going to move or make a sound while I'm doing it."

Sarah moved down between my legs lightly pressed down on my hips then smoothly slid her hands up under my shorts, under the liner, placed one on my cock and balls looping the other around the liner and pulling it to the side releasing my equipment so it was now hanging freely under my shorts.

"Well done Steve," Sarah whispered giving my cock one last squeeze before moving onto the next student. I laid there in savasana, my focus now trained on trying to supress the erection Sarah had stirred up with her adjustments. My cock and balls hung freely which was fine during the floor postures. There were a couple of time I felt or saw some portion of my stuff hanging outside my shorts. No one else noticed, except maybe Sarah who was stealing glances my way when she passed my place on the floor. 

Sarah continued moving about the class I stole glances at her when I could admiring the fit of her yoga pants, the growing definition of her camel toe as the crotch of her pants worked its way between her labia and the way her t-shirt clung to her breasts a little more with each drop of sweat that oozed from her body.

The next time Sarah came by was when we were in pigeon. You start in downward dog, raise one leg up then let it flow down flaring your knee up towards your armpit, then laying yourself as flat as you can. I love the stretch I feel in my glutes, hip and thigh in this posture.

"Pretty good Steve, but don't rush to get your chest on the floor. Let's raise it up a bit and get your ass a bit lower. You feel a better stretch in the right places." Sarah was leaning over me. She placed a hand on my chest with light pressure encouraging me to sit taller. But, like a good magician her hand on my chest and her face close to my ears were all misdirection. Her right hand slid down over my butt and between my legs cupping my exposed testicles. She massaged and plied them well directing me to alter my posture. "Good. Now try to be tall again reaching your chest to the mirrors while keeping your hips low to the ground." The little witch had expertly wrapped her thumb and middle finger around my sack in and 'OK' configuration trapping my balls and was now tugging them down towards the floor. I grunted a little.

"Does that feel good my little slave? Should I pull a little harder? They feel so nice and big trapped in the palm of my hand, and so very vulnerable." She squeezed them a little.

"Switch sides everyone."

Sarah knelt beside me while I went through downward dog and pulled my other knee up to stretch the other side. My balls and erection were fully outside my shorts but no one noticed except for Sarah whose position on the floor was blocking anyone from having a side view of my predicament.

"Beautiful Steve. Much better. Do you feel the stretch here, here, here and here?"

"Yes. The stretch in much better, especially in the last place you indicated."

Sarah had reached under me and pulled my cock back between my legs and was calmly kneeling beside me stroking it. Sarah gave my cock an extra squeeze in response to my comment.

"Okay class. Let's switch to cobbler."

Before I could move Sarah swung around in front of me, between me and the mirrors. I knew when I sat up my balls and cock would be hanging out of my shorts. I closed my eyes and took a couple of deep breaths trying to focus on anything besides Sarah. My erection subsided enough that it wouldn't pointing to the ceiling when I spun around.

"That looks better already Steve. I don't think you will need as much pressure to hold down your knees this time." Sarah draped her knees over my legs instead of placing her heels on my thighs. She wiggled closer to me until my toes were pressing against her cunt. I glanced down at her chest. Her nipples were pointing straight at me, sitting high, asking to be fondled, pinched and sucked.

"Okay class. There's a simple way to know if your heels are too close to your crotch. Try wiggling your toes. If you can't do it easily or it's uncomfortable, just let your heels slide out half an inch or so. Go ahead now and try to wiggle your toes." "Sarah looked at me with a wicked little grin. "Come on Steve. Wiggle your toes. I need to have some fun too." That last sentence said in a whisper meant only for me to hear.

I wiggled my toes against Sarah's pussy. My cock hardened. Sarah closed her eyes and smiled then flipped herself off my legs.

"Okay Mary. I need to check you in this posture before I release everyone into their final savasana. Everyone remember those adjustments I made for you during savasana in the middle of class. I will be coming around to make a quick check on everyone before you go."

When Sarah lifted her legs off of me I adjusted myself as quickly as I could so no one would see my exposed genitals. No one was looking really and my erection quickly subsided. As nonchalantly as possible I tucked my balls and cock under my shorts though they were still hanging outside the liner.

Sarah was done with Mary and we all laid down in savasana. Sarah quickly made her rounds spot checking everyone. When she reached me she started by kneeling at my head, bending down and whispering to me, "You were good today Steve. Very good. Stop by before you head to the showers if you don't mind." She leaned over me pressing down on my hips then slid a hand in my shorts and pulled the liner over my cock and balls. She stood up and as quietly as she could said "Well done today everyone, feel free to leave when you're ready."

No sooner had she finished talking when I heard people getting up and heading for the door. Margaret came over to me seconds later "I have to run to a meeting hun, I will see you at home tonight" and she was gone. I took a few deep breaths and recounted the practice. I wondered about Sarah playing with my balls and cock and her comment about being her little slave. I took a couple of deep breaths to settle my mind then made my way out to the lobby.

Sarah was acknowledging two women who were leaving when I entered the reception area. Without looking at me Sarah said, "You're really pretty good you know Steve. I mean considering you've only been back at it a week or so you're doing well."

"Thanks Sarah. You're a good guide which I'm sure is a big part of my progress. Is there..."

"No Steve. You're a good pupil. I could see a huge improvement in the postures we worked on last week." Sarah interrupted me. "And today you maintained your focus so well even with the all the distractions you had in there."

I looked around to see if Margaret was coming out. I was feeling a little edgy with all that had transpired in the last hour.

"Don't worry Steve. I will watch for Margaret. Besides, she's the last one in there so when we hear the locker room door open, that will be your wife." Sarah briefly changed the subject, "You know, I can never figure out how people can work out for an hour, get all sweaty and icky and then put on a coat, get in their car and drive home without stopping to take a shower."

I shrugged my shoulders in agreement.

"Today there were a few postures where I noticed your alignment is suffering a bit. I'm just not sure what order to work on them yet. Not to worry, when I figure out if any of the issues are related we will work on those at the same time."

"Thanks Sarah. I look forward to getting your help. Is there anything else?"

"Gee Steve. I was expecting at least a thank you for giving your balls such a nice massage in class. Last class you and your wife commented on how great my class ending massage was."

Before I could answer the woman's locker room door opened. Margaret strode into reception. "Hey you two, talking about anything interesting?"

"Nah," Sarah was quick to respond, "Just a small meeting of the mutual admiration society. Me telling Steve how well he's doing. Steve telling me what a great instructor I am and what great hands I have."

"I can agree with two out of three of those statements," Margaret offered, "But you have to stop telling Steve he's doing well. He doesn't need that type of encouragement."

Margaret gave me a quick kiss then ran out the door.

"See you later hun."

Margaret was gone before I could answer.

"Well, it's just you and me now Steve." Sarah said walking over to lock the door. "There are so many things I could do you to you and I know you would respond so well, but maybe today I will just let you think about that while you go and take your shower." Sarah walked over to me, looped her arm through mine and started walking me to the men's locker room.

"Did it feel good when I was touching you in class today? You know, I've never done that before. It was just so damn exciting for me. I was so close to putting my head between your legs and sucking your balls into my mouth."

We were just outside the men's locker room. I dropped my mat and towel and pushed Sarah up against the wall. Before she could say anything I had my mouth over hers in a deep French kiss. I didn't wait for any foreplay. I hooked my fingers into her waistband and tugged her yoga pants down so they were mid-thigh. I shot my right hand between her legs and my left under her tank top straight to her right tit. My right hand worked furiously to get to her pussy pulling her thong to the side, hooking the back string around her left buttock. Sarah was too busy gathering herself and trying to spread her legs so I could get at her pussy to get her hands anywhere on me. Her pussy was wet and slippery, her nipple hard. Her kisses grew more intense and were flavored with repeated moans. My fingers were in and out of her pussy and rolling over her clit as best they could in the confined space of her trapped thighs. Sarah finally dropped her arms, I thought to start playing with my cock that was trying to burst out of my shorts. Instead she grabbed her pants and started wiggling out of them finally finding a way to get a knee free and a foot out of one of the legs.

"God yeah. Two fingers. Three!" I obliged her request. Sarah didn't care about me at this point. I had both hands exploring her ass and pussy. She had wrapped her arms around my neck and was kissing me and imploring me to finger her harder and rub her clit more.

She finally pulled her lips away from mine and started pushing my head down. "Eat me. Get your head between my legs and eat me like you've haven't eaten pussy for a year."

I was on my knees. Sarah had a hand full of my hair jamming my head into her cunt. She draped her right leg over my shoulder. "Finger me. Use three fingers. NOW." I jammed three fingers into her. She tilted her pelvis forward trying to help me hit the right spots with my tongue and fingers. Sarah's labia were shaved bare. Her pussy was topped with a well-trimmed yet bushy triangle of pubic hair. When her second hand grabbed the back of my head I knew she was close. Her right thigh started squeezing my head and her hands were pressing my face so hard against her pussy the only thing I could move was my tongue.

"Oh Oh Oh Ohhhhhhhhhh" Sarah cried out an illustrious orgasm. "Oh god. Oh god."

BANG BANG BANG!! What the hell someone was knocking at the door. Sarah's body was still pulsing out the last few beats of her orgasm. "Shit." Sarah said pushing me away and reaching for her pants. BANG BANG BANG. "Get in the locker room now. I will see who this is."

I gathered my things, licking Sarah's pussy juice from my lips while she struggled to pull her sweaty pants on wiggling her bare ass in front of my face. I watched Sarah turn the corner and head for the door her white thong showing through her damp pants was still hooked around the side of her ass.

In the change room I slipped out of my sweaty clothes and headed for the shower. The musky smell of freshly eaten sweaty pussy wafted around my nose with every turn or bob of my head. I washed my face last bathing my mind in the heady aroma of Sarah's cunt while I washed the sweat from the rest of my body.

I walked to the basin to shave wondering who had been at the door. My cock was heavy with blood from the several erections I had worn at various times and the ever present memory of having my face pressed against Sarah's vulva.

I heard the door to the change room open and before I saw her I could hear Sarah. "Look at me. Christ just look at me." Sarah walked in and stood in front of the full length mirror quickly turning so her back then her front were displayed in the mirror. She finally turned to face me her hands out to the side.

"Can you fucking believe it? That was your wife. She had dropped her cell phone in the locker room and realized it part way to work. Her and I were crawling around on the floor and finally found it lodged behind one of the benches. Christ. And all I can smell if freshly eaten cunt drifting in the air around us and I look in the mirror and my thong is all scrunched beside my pussy and looped around my ass and my black pubes are creating a grey triangle for everyone to see and my god damn nipples are sticking out so far I could have poked her eyes out if she got too close."

"Maybe she didn't notice," I offered trying to calm Sarah down.

"Didn't notice. DIDN'T NOTICE! LOOK AT ME!! THE THREE FUCKING BLIND MICE WOULD HAVE NOTICED FOR FUCKS SAKE"

"I'm looking Sarah. It's not that noticeable." I said, sputtering out supressed laugh with the last few syllables.

"Great so now she thinks we're in here having sex. Why else would the door be locked and me smelling like a freshly used cunt?"

"Did she ask why the door was locked?"

"Fuck it, I have to shower." Sarah started undressing right there. "Throw me your towel. No. When I opened the door I told her I was in the back. Whatever the fuck that means."

"So don't worry. Next time you see her apologize and tell her you were embarrassed. Tell her you were in the bathroom."

"Sure. And I couldn't put my underwear on straight when I stood up from wiping my ass? Brilliant Steve. Just brilliant."

"So take her aside and tell her you had a great fuck the night before and were in the bathroom masturbating remembering how great it was. She would believe that."

Sarah was naked and walking to the shower, grabbing my towel as she walked past me. Fuck she has a great body. "Hmm, now that I could do, and I could sell that. Let me think about that one."

I turned and continued shaving while Sarah showered. I was just rinsing my face when Sarah walked out threw me my towel and said "Dry my back for me." No 'Please' or 'Would you mind' just 'Dry my back for me'. Not that I minded.

I patted my face dry first then started patting her back. Her body was a thing of beauty. Taut. Lithe. Toned muscles and smooth curves everywhere.

"Do my legs to please." She spread her legs a bit and placed her arms akimbo. I bent down a started drying her legs. Her ass was right in front of my face. Her labia perched perfectly between her thighs. I was just finishing her second leg when Sarah said, "Now lick my ass. I love having my ass licked and it's nice and clean right now so lick it for me."

Sarah spread her legs a little more and placed her hands on the wall in front of her. Who am I to refuse a beautiful woman who asks such a simple request? My cock was rock hard when I started sliding my fingers over Sarah's thighs. My lips kissed the bottom of each buttock then I slid my tongue along the crease of her nice.

"Nice. Very nice. And don't forget to dip your tongue inside once or twice while you're there."

My hands kept running up and down Sarah's legs in unison with the passes my tongue was making up and down her ass, my tongue probing deeper with each pass.

