 Ray had been going into the same flower shop for the past two years, and the owner of the shop knew him well. She was a nice lady of German descent who kept the business going after the untimely death of her husband a few years before. Ray had a good relationship with her and knew enough about her to know that her two daughters and her son helped her out with the shop when she needed it. He had never seen the son and had caught only a glimpse of one of the two daughters, one of whom was a striking blonde whose smile could stop a man dead in his tracks. She looked a lot like her mother, and Ray thought that if the elder woman looked like this when she was young, she was really something. Having seen only one of the daughters, he often wondered what the other one looked like. All he knew of her was that she was a sophomore at a college on the other side of the state, which explains why he'd never seen her in the shop.

On this day, he had to go into the flower shop to order some flowers for his mother's birthday, and he knew that the owner of the shop would know what he was there for as soon as she saw him. To his surprise, though, the elder woman wasn't there. Behind the counter instead was a young girl with long, dark red hair worn in pigtails. As he got closer he could see that she had the greenest eyes he'd ever seen, and was wearing a plaid schoolgirl-type skirt beneath a green wraparound florist's smock. The smock covered her shirt so he couldn't see what her shirt looked like, but he could see that the girl was very well-endowed, the slopes of her large breasts tenting out the front of her smock. He tried not to stare as he walked towards the counter. She smiled at him as he approached.

"Hi, I'm Bettie, can I help you?" she said, her green eyes sparkling.

"Yes, I'd like to buy some flowers for..." he began.

"Your mother's birthday," she finished for him.

"Yes, that's right!" he said, surprised. "How did you know that?"

"My mother told me you'd be in here today, and why," she said, looking at him with those emerald green eyes and smiling at him. "She also told me to take special care of you, that you're one of our best customers."

"Well, that was very nice of her!" Ray said, smiling back at her. "You must be the daughter who's in college," he said.

"Yes, that would be me," she replied. "College keeps me pretty busy so I don't get many chances to help out here in the shop, but I'm home on break now so here I am!" She smiled broadly at him as she spoke, her green eyes flashing brightly.

"So what would you like?" she asked, putting her hands behind her back and rocking her shoulders back and forth slightly, stretching her green smock tight across her more than ample bust line. He tried not to let his eyes lock on her breasts waving at him as she did so.

"Well, what would you suggest?" he asked.

"Some roses would be nice," she said, turning and walking to the display rack behind her. She reached up to get a bundle from the top shelf, and when she did her skirt rose up and revealed the bottoms of the cheeks of her ass to him. She wasn't wearing any panties, and he felt his cock stir slightly. She retrieved the roses and turned to face him, showing them to him.

"Very nice," he said. "What else would you suggest?" 

"Well, let's see what else I have that may interest you," she said. She turned and put the roses back up on the shelf, showing him the bottom of her ass again. He wondered if she was intentionally flirting with him as she moved to the middle of the shelf and bent over from the waist, picking up a display from the lower shelf. He got a clear view of her rounded, shapely ass as her skirt rode up again, and his cock began to grow. She straightened up and turned around as she showed the display to him.

"This is a general-purpose display, and is very nice," she said, smiling at him. 

"Yes, it is, but I'm not sure that's the one I want," he said.

"Well, take a look at this rack," she said, turning to put the display back. "I have several things here that I think you'd like," she said, bending over again to put the display back. This time her feet were slightly apart, and when she bent over she gave him a clear view of her shaven pussy lips nestled beneath the rounded curves of her ass. She looked around at him, still bent over, and said, "See anything you like?" 

"Yes, I do," he said, positive now that she was flirting with him and was very serious about it. "I see a very nice display, rounded and full, with some very smooth and delicate petals that I'll bet are very soft to the touch. Right?" he asked, and she smiled a wicked smile as she stood up and walked over to the counter.

"Right," she said, "they are very smooth indeed. Would you like to see for yourself?" she asked, the look in her eyes speaking volumes.

"Yes, I would, very much," he replied.

She walked around from behind the counter and over to the door, where she turned the lock and hung a sign in the door that said, "Back in 30 minutes," then walked back and took Ray by the hand, leading him past the counter.

"Come with me!" she said over her shoulder, and Ray followed her into the back of the shop into the work area where the flower arrangements were put together, out of sight of the front windows of the shop. The air was heavy with the scent of flowers.

"I have something else I think you'll like, too," she said, stopping and turning to face him. She reached down and untied her smock, pulling it open to reveal her breasts to him. She was wearing a see-through light blue shirt and no bra; her large breasts were clearly visible through the blue material. Her areolas were very large, and centered in each one was a pert, round nipple. She pulled the smock aside and then pushed her breasts inward with her fists, creating some spectacular cleavage. He could see her perfectly round nipples getting hard and poking against the shirt as she pushed her breasts together.

"Well, what do you think?" she said, smiling a 'come fuck me' smile at him.

"I think they're spectacular," he said, walking over to her. He placed his hands on her breasts, lifting them in his palms and then squeezing them firmly. He rubbed his thumbs over her nipples and she shuddered, inhaling a sharp quick breath as he did this. With his hands massaging her soft, full breasts she wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him long and deep, her tongue snaking into his mouth and finding his. She pressed her hips against him and felt his hardening cock; she ground her hips against it slowly as they kissed. He slipped a hand down around her body and grabbed her ass with it, squeezing the round globe hard as he pulled her close to him. She slipped a hand down his body to find the hard tube of his cock, squeezing it through his trousers. He was rock-hard now, throbbing with desire, and was aching to fuck her. He slid his hand around her hip and under her skirt, sliding his fingers over her smooth pussy lips. He slipped a finger between them to find that she was soaked. She jumped when his finger slipped over her clit. She finally broke the kiss and spoke in a breathless voice, her desire obvious.

"I've wanted you ever since I saw you for the first time," she said, nibbling on his ear while gripping his cock with her hand. "I just couldn't get my mother out of here!"

"I'm glad you did," he said, sliding his finger inside her pussy. She gasped, then moaned in his ear as his finger slid in deep. She was sopping wet and ready for him.

"Not as glad as I am," she said, stepping back from him, "and not as glad as you're going to be!" She dropped to her knees in front of him and reached for his fly, quickly unzipping his pants. She reached inside and slipped her fingers inside the fly of his boxers, pulling out his hard cock. She smiled when she saw it for the first time.

"You've got a great prick, Ray!" she said, smiling up at him as she wrapped her hand around his hard shaft and began to pump it up and down. "Nice and hard; big, too! How big are you?"

"A little more than six inches," Ray replied, watching her pump his cock with her hand.

"Mmmm, this is gonna feel so good inside my tight little pussy!" she said, looking at his cock. "But first..." she said, never finishing the sentence. She slipped her mouth over the head of his cock and slowly sucked nearly his entire shaft into her mouth. As she began sliding her mouth up and down his cock, she reached inside his boxers and pulled out his balls, massaging them in her hand while she sucked his cock. Ray closed his eyes and let the sensations wash over him; this girl was good! If she kept this up he'd be blasting his load in her mouth in no time! But for the moment he just let her go at him, enjoying the sensations of her tongue sliding around his shaft and the head of his cock.

After several very enjoyable minutes of the best blowjob he'd ever had, Bettie slipped his cock from her mouth and then licked the underside slowly from the base to the head, then looked up at him and smiled.

"I could make you cum like this," she said, pumping his slippery cock with her hand, "but I'll save that for later. I want this big, hard cock inside my pussy, and I want it in there right now!"

She stood up, keeping one hand wrapped around Ray's cock, and kissed him again. Then she turned around and bent over, resting her elbows and forearms on the worktable in front of her. Her short skirt lifted up over her ass as she bent over, and she spread her feet apart to reveal her smooth, shaven pussy lips to him. Ray could see that they were already swollen and parted, and he could see the moisture on them. She looked over her shoulder at him and gave him a wicked, "fuck me now!" smile as she wiggled her ass at him.

Ray unfastened his pants and dropped them and his boxers to the floor as he moved in behind her, his hard cock pressing against her smooth pussy lips. He slid the head of his cock up and down her slit to get it wet with her juices; she was more than ready for him! He placed the head of his cock against her opening and pushed, sliding his entire cock deep inside her pussy with one stroke. She was incredibly wet and incredibly tight, and she threw her head back and moaned as Ray filled her up.

"Oooohhh, that feels good! Aahh, yesss!" she said as she pushed back against Ray's hips, driving his cock deeper. She wiggled her hips against him, her tight pussy gripping his shaft. She was hot, wet, and tight, tighter than any woman he'd ever been with before, and Ray knew that it wouldn't be long before he was filling her up with his cum. Ray moaned as he began stroking in and out of her in long, deliberate strokes.

"That's it, Ray!" she gasped, thrusting back to meet his strokes. "Fuck me! Fuck me hard! Fill my tight little pussy up with your big, hard cock!" She gripped the edge of the table as she moved against him, driving his cock deep into her with every thrust. Ray grabbed her hips with his hands and began driving hard, thrusting his cock deeper inside her pussy. 

"Oh, yes! Yes!" she cried, "That's it! Oh, baby, you're gonna make me cum!" Ray could feel her gripping his cock with her pussy muscles as he stroked in and out of her. The underside of his shaft was rubbing against her clit, and was driving her closer to orgasm with every thrust. Ray looked down and saw his cock, shiny with her pussy juices, sliding in and out of her smooth, shaven pussy, her inner lips gripping it as he slid out. He knew that he was going to cum soon, and hoped that he could hold out until she did. He didn't have long to wait.

"I'm gonna cum! I'm gonna cum...oh my God, I'm cumming!" she cried, clamping down on his cock with her pussy as she slammed her ass back against him. She screamed as her orgasm exploded inside her, washing over her with wave after wave of intense pleasure. Ray felt his cock widen and knew that he was going to cum also, and within second he did. His cock exploded inside her pussy, blasting stream after stream of hot, thick cum deep inside her. He kept thrusting hard as his cock spurted again and again, and she kept slamming her hips back into him. She came again, harder, as his cock pumped his load into her. He gripped her hips hard and pushed forward harder than before and then held it there, feeling his cock spurt and pump as her pussy clamped down on it. He held it there until the spasms stopped and the last drop of cum slipped out of his cock; by now she had stopped cumming also, and she slumped forward onto the work table, gasping and panting for breath. They stayed that way for several minutes, catching their breath, until he felt his now-softening cock begin to slip out of her sopping wet pussy.

"Ooh, let me!" she said, quickly spinning around and dropping to her knees in front of him and sucking his softening cock into her mouth. She sucked him clean, draining the last bit of cum from his shaft with the powerful suction she created with her mouth. When she had sucked him clean she let his cock slip out of her mouth with a pop, then grinned from ear to ear as she stood up in front of him.

"Mmmm, wonderful!" she said, licking her lips. "I just love doing that!"

"You're really something, Bettie!" Ray said, smiling at her as he reached down to pull up his pants.

"Why thank you, kind sir!" she said, retying her smock around her waist and straightening out her short skirt while he finished fastening his pants. She kissed him again, deep, and then they walked out of the work room. She went back behind the counter and he went around front, where she gave him a dozen roses and charged him for a single rose.

"Now is there anything else I can do for you, sir?" she asked, grinning from ear to ear.

"Well, as a matter of fact, Secretary's Day is next week," he said, grinning back at her.

"Yes, it is," she said, returning his grin.

"And my secretary sure does deserve some flowers," he continued.

"Of course she does!"

"But she's picky about her flowers; it may take me several trips here to decide what I want."

"If that's what it takes, then by all means! Feel free to come as many times as you'd like!"

"Why, thank you, Bettie, I think I will!" Ray said, turning to walk away. He got to the door and turned around, his hand on the doorknob. "I'll see you in a few days, then," he said.

"I'll be looking forward to it!" she replied.

Ray left the shop and closed the door behind him. All the way to his apartment he was thinking of all the holidays ahead of him, all of them that would require flowers...