 Jake switched off his iPad and laid it on the bed beside him. He was rock hard, having just watched a cumshot compilation video on a tube porn site. It was just after 1AM, and although he had to be in his client's office at 0800 the next morning, he didn't feel tired. He needed a cigarette, and decided he would go and have one before maybe finishing himself off with another video before going to bed.

He stood up, adjusted the tight material over his crotch and crossed the hotel room to pick up his pack of cigarettes. He felt wired, rather than sleepy. It had been a tough week, with a difficult client and he was annoyed that he had to stay over another night away from his family just so they could perform the software upgrade on a Saturday morning so it was fully out of hours. He was in the North of Scotland, and despite it being the middle of summer it was still cold to him. And he wouldn't get home until Saturday evening. Added to the fact he then had to travel again on Sunday night, he felt quite disgruntled.

He quietly closed the door behind him and walked to the elevators. It was a chain hotel, typical of the ones he regularly stayed in although this one was slightly different in that it was attached to a shopping centre. The main entrance was on the first floor opening directly onto the upper floor of the centre, though there was a ground floor entrance which opened onto the street. He pressed the button for Lower and a minute later opened the door out into the quiet street at the side of the hotel. He felt the wind blowing between the buildings and shivered, then felt a bit stupid as two guys passed him wearing just jeans and t-shirts. He thought that he could never get used to this kind of climate, further disgruntling him as he thought of his wife and two children some 700 miles away in much warmer temperatures. Not that they'd be out at this time of night of course.

He lit his cigarette, took a long drag and checked his iPhone, randomly glancing at his Facebook news feed. He could hear the sound of heels and loud laughter from around the corner, and he looked up to see five girls approaching the hotel. Taking another drag, he assessed the approaching party. It caught his eye that they were all dressed in white, and there seemed to be a lot of long, dyed blonde hair on show. He spotted the platform shoes, then the bare legs of the four of them wearing extremely short dresses. The fifth girl, the tallest, was wearing tight trousers. They stopped about 6 or 7 metres from him and he heard their loud giggling as they huddled together. He looked back at his phone, not really paying attention to it as he took another drag of his cigarette. 

Jake was 35, and his professional career had taken him around the country. He was used to living Monday to Thursday in hotels, so being in one on a Friday night was rare. It did occur to him that he'd seen plenty of sights over the years, but he sneaked another glance towards the group. Five young blondes in sexy outfits; he decided that a group sex video would be his next watch when he got back to his room.

He took another draw on his cigarette and looked again at his phone. He heard the voices rise excitedly, then a loud burst of laughter. He kept his head down but cocked his eyes to see what was going on. One of the girls, wearing bright red shoes, had her head in her hands and was shaking her head furiously whilst the others were remonstrating wildly and laughing. He couldn't make out their words clearly, but, as the tallest girl started to walk towards him he heard her shouting back "you have to doll, it was agreed at the start." The laughter volume increased.

She strode towards him, and he lifted his head. "You a'right mate?" she said in a broad Scottish accent. He didn't know the regional dialects in Scotland, but she sounded like one of the women he was working with, who was from Glasgow.

Jake nodded as he took a final draw on his cigarette and flicked it away.

"Ummm, yeh, not bad. You?" As she neared him, he took a closer look at her. She was taller than his own 5ft10 inches by a good 3 inches, although her platform wedge shoes made up at least 4 or 5 inches of that. She was wearing tight fitting white trousers, with a high waist, and loose fitting white top with thin shoulder straps and a deep plunging V front, giving him an uninterrupted view of her cleavage as she stopped right in front of him. She had long dyed blonde hair, dark eyebrows and long dark eyelashes. 

"Any chance I could scran a fag off you mate?" she asked, a wide smile on her face.

He guessed that 'scran' meant borrow or have, so he nodded and opened the packet, offering it to her. She smiled and took a cigarette out, then waited expectantly for him to offer his lighter. He flicked it on and held it out to her. She bent down to light it, and he felt his cock twitch as he got a good look down her top.

"Thanks," she said, standing up to her full height. "You stayin' in the hotel then?"

Jake nodded. "Yes. What about you guys?"

"Aye. You on holiday?" she replied.

Jake let out a short laugh. "I wish. Here for work." He decided to light himself another cigarette.

"Work? On a Friday night, that's a bit shit innit?

Jake sighed. "Yeh, bloody client wants stuff done out of hours so I'm stuck here until tomorrow afternoon."

She giggled. "Bummer mate. What do you do then?"

Jake took a drag and blew the smoke upwards. "I'm an IT Consultant."

The girl nodded. "Cool. Where you from?"

"London," he replied. "Well, just south of London. Bloody cold up here," he laughed.

She exhaled her smoke and laughed. "Aye, it's fucking freezing for us and we're frae Glasgow, so that's saying something."

Jake wondered that if they were also finding it cold, they didn't seem to have dressed for it. Not a jacket in site, and plenty of bare legs and arms. She seemed to read his mind.

"Freezing ma fucking tits off," she added. "But you get used to it."

Jake laughed, amused by her choice language and phrase. "So, what brings you lot up here then?"

She took another long drag, then glanced back to her friends. "See Sharon there, with the red shoes?"

Jake looked over at the girl who had been holding her head in her hands. She was turned side on to him, still shaking her head as they all talked. She was wearing a tight fitting white dress, the main body of which had a round neckline, was sleeveless and seemed to barely cover the bottom of her ass, with a thin see-through hem of about two inches. He nodded.

"She's getting married next week," the girl continued. "We're on her hen weekend. Or bachelorette party; is that what you lot call it down South?"

Jake laughed. "We call it a hen party too, think bachelorette is American."

The girl shrugged. "Whatever. We're here tonight and tomorrow. Started drinking at like 11 this morning so we're all pretty fucked," she grinned.

Jake smiled. An image of them being fucked, not in the alcohol sense, flashed into his mind.

"You had a good night, well, day and night then?"

The girl nodded. "Aye, been a laugh." She grinned at him. He suddenly felt awkward. Although he was a confident person, certainly in his professional life, he often found it difficult to talk to women, especially in situations like this. In truth, he was really a bit of a geek and had very little experience of talking to girls in this context. He heard another shrill burst of laughter from the group and he suddenly felt self conscious. The girl was staring at him, like she was waiting for him to say something.

"So...ummm...who is the bridesmaid?" he asked.

"Me and Amanda," she replied, pointing to a girl in the group. "Her on the end, with the skirt." 

Jake looked over at the group again. Amanda was nearly as tall as the girl he was speaking to, with long hair falling over her shoulders in curls. She was wearing a high waisted, tight skirt and a tight top, again with thin shoulder straps and a plunging V. As she looked back at him, he saw that there was a gap between the bottom of the top and the waistband of the skirt, leaving a band of her midriff uncovered. She was wearing black ankle boots. She gave him a little wave. 

He waved back, feeling awkward again. 

"Cool. Excellent," he said, not really sure what else to say. It struck him that they all looked quite young. He glanced again at Sharon, and instinctively, added "She looks a bit young to be getting, ummm, hitched."

The girl burst out laughing. "Aye, yer fucking right there. We've tried telling her like, but," she shrugged, "she's fucking daft."

Jake laughed. "Tell me about it, I've been married 10 years." He tried to sound nonchalant, and he wasn't sure why he was so keen to announce he was married. 

"10 years aye?" she replied. "How old are you like?"

"35. You gonna tell me I look older yeh?" he joked. 

She frowned, and squinted at him. "I thought you were younger to be honest, but 35 is no exactly old."

"Thanks," he smiled. He liked her accent, even though her grammar wasn't exactly Queen's English. "How old are...ummm...you lot then, if you don't mind me asking?"

The girl smiled. "I'm 22, Sharon and Amanda are 21, Stacey is 20 and Collette is 24."

Jake let out an exaggerated whistle. "Yeh, way too young to be getting tied down," he laughed, despite the fact that his wife was only 23 when they'd got married.

She took another draw, blew the smoke way and said, "Must be pretty shit, being away from your missus?"

Jake shrugged. "I'm away a lot, so you kinda get used to it."

She laughed. "Bit of hotel porn to keep you going huh?"

Jake coughed, his eyes looking at the pavement. "Well..."

She laughed again, interrupting him. "You get to claim in-room movies on your expenses do ya?"

Jake tried to smile. He shifted his feet uncomfortably, surprised by her questioning and intuition. "Ha. I don't think my client would stretch to that," he replied, trying to remain cool.

She grinned, took a final drag and threw down the cigarette butt. "This could be yer lucky night then mate."

Jake looked at her, a quizzical expression on his face. He'd wondered what her motives were for coming to speak to him, and his suspicion that it wasn't just a cigarette that she wanted fleeted across his mind. "Ummm...how...how do you mean?"

"I'm Gemma by the way," she said, offering her hand to him. He took it tentatively and shook it. 

"Jake," he replied, eyeing her cautiously.

Gemma smiled, keeping hold of his hand an extra moment than was normal, before letting it go. "Well, you see, the thing is." She grinned, her expression betraying that she was about to say something out-of-the-norm. "We...ummmm...set Sharon a load of challenges, as part of her hen do." She ran her hand through her long hair. "Just daft stuff, ken what I mean?"

Jake nodded, knowing that 'ken' meant know, but not really knowing what type of challenges she was referring to.

"Stuff like getting a pair of pants off a bloke, snogging a traffic warden, downing a jager bomb..." her voice trailed off and she ran her hand through her hair again. "And...ummm...a few other things." She started to giggle. 

Jake shifted his step uncomfortably again. He wondered why she was telling him this.

"Anyway, cause she was a bit of a..." she grinned, "slut when we were younger, we set a forfeit if she didnae complete all the challenges."

Jake flinched as Gemma described her friend as a slut. He also wondered what she meant by younger; they were hardly old as it was.

"Thing is, she only did 9 o' the 10 challenges, so she has to dae the forfeit." He'd learned enough of the Glaswegian dialect to understand that 'dae' meant 'do.' He nodded slowly.

Gemma bit her lip and stared straight at him. "So...ummm...we need somebody for the forfeit."

Jake felt his heart beat quicken. He wanted to know what the forfeit was of course, but he also knew that he was about to be asked to be involved in it, and something was telling him he would be wise to make a run for it. Despite his senses, he shrugged his shoulders. "Oh right. Poor...ummm...Sharon," he forced a laugh.

Gemma took a visible deep breath. "So...ummmm...this could be your lucky night mate," she repeated.

Jake felt his stomach churn. Against his better judgement, he found himself asking "w...what's the forfeit?"

She started to chuckle, then she cast a glance back towards the group. They were now all looking at her, and he noticed that Amanda was holding on firmly to Sharon. "Well," she cleared her throat. "If she didnae do all the challenges, she has to give a stranger a blowjob."

Jake gasped. "Jesus," he exclaimed, genuinely shocked. 

Gemma burst out laughing, and for a split second, he thought she winding him up. "Aye, she was a bit of a BJ queen at school, so its kinda fitting, don't ya think?"

He quickly realised it wasn't a wind up. What did he think? He didn't know what to think. He found himself lighting another cigarette, coughing as he lit it. "Jesus," he repeated, trying to think of something appropriate to say. "And she agreed to that?"

Gemma laughed again. "Aye, but she didnae know the challenges we had in store for her!"

Jake took a long drag. "What...ummm...challenge did she fail then?" he asked, trying to delay the conversation returning to his inclusion in their game.

Gemma grinned. "Well, she did give her panties to a bouncer in the club," she giggled. "But she chickened out o' flashing her pussy to the taxi driver." 

Jake shook his head in disbelief. "Are...are you serious?"

She nodded. "Aye, of course. Rules are rules an' all that."

Jake exhaled smoke. He was still shaking his head, taking in what he was being told. 

"So basically Jake," she continued, lowering her voice. "We need a stranger for Sharon to suck off, and, well...you're a stranger."

He looked up to see Gemma grinning at him from ear to ear. He couldn't believe her confidence, couldn't believe the conversation, couldn't believe he was being propositioned like this.

"She's fucking good at it mate," Gemma went on. "And the rules are she has to swallow."

Jake gasped again. He was astonished. "I...you...I mean, are you serious? You must be having a laugh, surely?"

Gemma frowned. "Err...nah. I'm being deadly seriously." She raised her eyebrows. "So, you want to get sucked off by ma mate?"

Jake looked to the side of her, straight at Sharon. She was stood with a grim expression on her face, but all he could think of was that there weren't any panties under that dress. He felt his cock twitch, and cursed himself.

"Fuck...look, I'm flattered, obviously. But...well, I'm, I'm married. And..." he made a point of checking his watch. "It's nearly 1.30...and...well, I've got to be in the office at 8."

Gemma sighed. "Awww come on. You'll be having a wank to a porn movie anyways, wouldn't it be better to get off wi' a blowie instead?"

Jake groaned. She was right after all; he would most definitely be going straight to his room to load a movie and wank himself off. And of course, a blowjob from Sharon would be...well, incredible, but his head was spinning. He was married; he'd never cheated on his wife; but then he'd never been so directly propositioned. He'd regret his decision either way, he knew that for sure. His cock twitched again.

"Wow." He rubbed his hand across his chin. "W...what about Sharon though? Is she...ummm...happy with all this?"

Gemma sighed again, and he sensed she was frustrated at him. She turned around and beckoned for the group to come forward. Jake's stomach was in knots.

"Right girls, this is Jake," she said. "Jake, this is Collette, Stacey, Amanda and, of course, Sharon," she said, pointing to the girls in turn. They were all beaming smiles, apart from Sharon.

Jake looked at the girls. He looked at Collette, the only one he hadn't been able to clearly see yet. She was wearing a thin white dress, which bunched around the waist and had loose fitting sleeves. It was the least sexy of the outfits, but with high heeled white platforms and long skinny legs, bare to three quarters up her thigh, hair swept back into a long pony tail and bright red lipstick, she was still attractive. Stacey was the shortest of the group, again with a tight fitting short white dress, bare arms, slightly chunky legs and black high heeled shoes. 

"Hi," he said, aware of how meek his voice was. He didn't know where to look.

"Shazza babe," Gemma laughed. "Jake here is going to be your forfeit." 

Sharon glared at her friend as the others all squealed with laughter. There were comments, but he didn't hear any of them.

"Hang on, I didn't say..." he protested, but was instantly interrupted by Collette.

"Fuck Gems, you're fucking mental babe." She was grinning gleefully. "He's a'right Shaz. She could have picked a munter y'know." 

Jake forced a smile, appreciating that he was at least deemed 'all right.' He looked at Sharon.

"Your...ummmm...friends have really got it on for you huh?"

She looked at him and rolled her eyes. "Aye, fucking sluts," she hissed, looking around her friends before they all, Sharon included, burst out laughing. 

Again, he had the sudden feeling it was all just a wind up. "They won't let you roll over your challenge to tomorrow then?" he asked, forcing himself to laugh and to at least try not to appear a bumbling idiot.

"Nae fucking chance," retorted Amanda. "By this time tomorrow she's gonna be fucking comatosed, man!" She had an even stronger Glaswegian accent, that made him flinch slightly. They were all laughing again. She looked him up and down. He felt his cock twitch as he looked at her. The bare skin between her skirt and top was tight, and the tightness of her deep V made her cleavage even more pronounced than Gemma's. "She'll be either so pissed she'll have passed oot, or we'll be tying her doon an' gettin' some fucker to shag her brains oot!" she added.

Jake winced. Her dialect and the sheer smutiness of her comments marked her out as the 'dirty' one in the group. For a split second, he wished she'd been the one on offer.

"Are we doing this or no then?" said Sharon huffily. Jake looked at her. She had a wide face, heavily made up eye makeup and a small mouth with lipstick to match her shoes. His cock twitched again. Her dress clung tightly to her small frame, but her boobs looked large and full against the material. He couldn't make out if she was wearing a bra, and he gulped at the realisation she had no underwear on. She had great legs too, their whiteness accentuated by those bright red shoes. 

"I...well...if...if you're sure..." he found himself muttering.

She sighed, shrugging her shoulders. "I dinnae have a fucking choice mate," she snapped.

Jake gulped. He took a final drag of his cigarette and threw the butt away, trying to think of a way of getting out of this situation.

"Where then?" he heard Collette say.

"Sharon's room," Gemma replied, grabbing his arm. 

Before he could protest, he was pulled towards the door. His mind was reeling, trying to comprehend what was happening, and before he knew it, he was in the lift with the five girls.

He stood in the lift, unable to speak as the girls chatted excitedly. Stunned by the surreality of the situation, he found himself walking along the corridor, briefly realising he was on the same floor as his own room. As he passed his door, he considered just quickly diverting to safety, but in moment he was hearing the click of the door close as he was hustled into a room identical to his own.

He looked around, noting the make up bags on the desk and clothes strewn on the floor.

"Right, keep the noise down girls," he heard Gemma say authoritatively. "We dinnae want to be chucked oot!" They all giggled. 

He took a few steps towards the window, trying to control his rapid increasingly breathing. A pit of nerves swirled in his stomach. He pictured his wife, and internally cursed himself for not being stronger. How had he let himself get into this situation. I need to stop this, he thought.
