 She is tall, about 5'8", with a slender and well toned body, earned from her devout and daily practice of yoga. She has very long and shapely legs. Her legs were the first thing I noticed about her, the day we first met. Although bordering on being thin, she still has pleasingly curved hips that widen just enough below her thin waist to give her an attractive shape. Her ass is round and firm with well toned cheeks. She is slightly small breasted, but she has more than enough, and her breasts are upright and very nicely shaped. She wears her straight dark brown hair shoulder length and parted in the middle with bangs. Her face is pretty, especially when she makes an extra effort to use makeup to her advantage. Her eyes are hazel green and in the right light, her eyes look very green and quite striking. At age 37, she is a very fine looking woman. And I am the man lucky enough to call her my wife.

Although my lovely wife and I have enjoyed a very frequent and satisfying love life, recently I began to feel like it was time to try something different to spice things up. While our sex was still very good, after ten years of marriage it was all beginning to seem a little too familiar to me, and not quite as exciting as it was earlier in our relationship.

One Friday evening after we both got home from work, I suggested that we play cards; some Texas Hold 'em... I must have had a little bit of a gleam in my eye, because she smiled slyly back at me and said, "So what are we playing for? Our clothing?" I answered that while that was a very appealing idea, the stakes weren't high enough. No, what I wanted, was to play a match in which the winner takes all and the loser has to do something very special for the winner, something specific that we bet on in advance of the match. In poker, it's called a forced wager. 

And then I asked her that if she were the winner, what would she want me to do for her, more than anything else that she could think of? She looked very intrigued by the proposition, gave it some thought and then gave her answer.

"If I win, I want you to do all the house cleaning and the laundry on a list of chores I give you for a week, and you have to cook me supper every night for a week." she said, smiling deviously.

She caught me off guard, because this wasn't the answer I expected, which I thought would have more to do with what she wanted me to do for her sexually. I should have known better, and I shouldn't have made the mistake of expecting her to think like a man. I also should have known that she would anticipate my very male way of thinking, and as a woman she would be delighted by the chance to cross me up. The expression on her face was now mischievously smug and she was clearly quite happy with her comeback to derail my plans. 

So I took a deep breath, and replied, "Now those are high stakes. But... you're on. As long as you agree right now to what I want from you, if I win." She rolled her eyes and said "And I'll bet it has nothing to do with cleaning or cooking, because you already get that from me."

"No fair!" I shot back. "You know I do a lot of that stuff for you. I help you a lot!" She stared back at me coolly and replied, "But you still don't do as much of it as I do, do you... My bet is for you to do it all for one full week, and that means everything on my list that I'd normally do, including the seven dinners you cook for me too".

I inhaled deeply again and staring directly into her eyes, I answered "Like I said, you're on! Everything just like you said, you will get, IF you win. But now it's time for you to accept my bet, which is that if I win, you are my sex slave for the weekend, and you must do anything I want from you... with only one reservation. You get only two chances to refuse, if I want something from you that is just too much for you. But... only two chances, and used only those two times for whatever it is that you can't stand, which I can no longer ask you to do after that. But once you use those two chances, you can't refuse anything else I want after that, for the rest of the weekend."

She looked back at me with her eyes a little spooked, and said, "What you want is pretty high stakes too. How do I know you won't come up with more than two things I can't stand? Maybe I really need several chances to refuse, for me to be OK with this."

"Nope." I was quick to answer, "Two is all you get. We've been having sex for over 10 years now. By now I'd hope that you trust me enough to know that I'm not going to become the Marquis Du Sade and do terrible things to you. I'd hope by now that you know I love you too much, to ever want to do things that I know you'll hate. No, I'm actually hoping you'll enjoy being my love slave for the weekend."

She smiled sarcastically, and said "Before, you described it as me being your sex slave. Now you're calling it being your love slave... You've always been the guy who looks for better words to call the same thing, if someone doesn't like what you're talking about."

"Well if you don't like it, then we can just forget about the whole thing." I answered, my irritation rising as I became annoyed that this was becoming a struggle instead of something fun that we could both enjoy. She was quick to notice my irritation, so she changed her direction.

"No, I didn't say that. I'm just feeling like it's a big step for me to give up almost all my control of what happens to me sexually. But I didn't say I don't want to do it, because now I'm saying that you're on for the bet, and don't be so certain that you're going to win." Her eyes suddenly looked playfully mischievous as she added, "If I were you, I'd start getting my cleaning supplies ready now! We'll just see about who's really gonna be the slave around here!" 

I tried to not let my face look too devilishly pleased and excited as I went to get the cards. After all, we were about to play some high stakes poker!

I've always been very good at keeping a poker face and leaving no hint as to what I'm really feeling when playing cards. And I've won before with some skillfully played bluffs. She's not as good at keeping her face emotionless as she looks at her hand and she's not that good with bluffs either. But the better poker player can still lose if the luck of the game really turns against him and he can't buy a good hand to save his life.

But this night, there was enough luck in the cards for me and though she played a very good match, she didn't play well enough to win... She was busted, and now she was mine. But my strategy didn't end with the cards... To begin as my love/sex slave, I would start by telling her to do things that weren't that shocking; just unexpected... and enough to cause within her a curiosity and building anticipation for what she didn't know might be coming next. 

The strategy was to start out with things she could accept and enjoy, and get her to like this game. Then, as she got increasingly aroused with passionate excitement, I'd begin to ask her to do things increasingly more shocking to her sensibilities, but not so much that she'd recoil away from it.

We started with her standing in the bedroom while I lay stretched out on the bed, and asked her to slowly remove one article of clothing, until all my requests left her standing in front of me stark naked. It was obvious that she was already feeling aroused, with her pink nipples erect in the warm room, centered and pointing slightly up from her nicely shaped and very sexy breasts. As she felt my eyes visually caressing her nakedness, her eyes were now smoldering with a look of hot desire and a longing for something more... 

My eyes traveled up and down her nude body, staring intently at all of her fully exposed nakedness, and as I asked her to turn very slowly around in a circle, my eyes lingered on those places that excited me the most. 

Her ass curved attractively outward from her narrow waist in a very sexy shape, and her cheeks were round, firm, well toned and tight. Even fully clothed, it turned me on to look at the shape of her ass. But staring at her hot ass naked always started to make me hot and hard, and now was no exception. 

When she turned to face me, my gaze traveled downward as I admired her dark brown triangle of pubic hair, that didn't quite conceal her pouting pussy lips below. She kept her bush neatly trimmed on the borders, but still long enough to be soft and very sexy to my touch. 

Then came the unexpected. I stood up... and asked her to get dressed again. She looked quite surprised and asked me why I'd want her to put her clothes back on. There was even just a slight hint of frustration in her voice, as it was clear that she had expected something far more exciting than being told to get dressed again.

I smiled with pleasure and told her that soon all would be revealed, silently enjoying my play on words. But she was quick to pick up on it, and sarcastically replied, "Well I guess that all will have to be revealed again!" It was all I could do to not burst out laughing, but I didn't want to ruin the mood I was trying to create... 

I wanted her to get dressed, but not in the same clothes. Instead, I asked her to put on my favorite matching pair of her black bikini panties and black lace bra. Then the black translucent stockings and matching black laced garter belt. I was having her do a striptease for me in reverse. Next were the black 4" high stilettos for her feet, which lifted up and showed off her full and very pleasingly curved ass, and her long shapely and slender legs. 

She was starting to look very hot and I was beginning to get quite turned on as I watched her. She knew it, and her eyes were sultry with desire again. I had her put on my favorite dress that I bought for her... deep blue and tight around her well shaped cheeks, but not too tight... just enough to show her off to any appreciative eye, including my own. Yes, that dress subtly emphasized the hot sexiness of her very alluring ass. On the edge of provocative, but not without class.

I asked her to spend extra time putting on her make up to bring out the true beauty of her hazel-green eyes, and the finely soft contours of her very attractive face. Then my favorite perfume, the one with the scent of wildflowers that she wears when we go out. I told her how beautiful she is, just how strikingly beautiful she really is... and how badly I wanted her, but not quite yet.

She asked me if we were going out. I said "Yes, we are going out. We'll go out to our favorite restaurant. But... with one condition. You must remove your panties right now, and go out without wearing any panties under your dress. I want you naked and exposed down there. It will be our little secret." I told her, my voice getting husky and deeper as my lust and arousal increased. 

She paused briefly, with a hint of uncertainty in her eyes, but it quickly vanished as she reached down to pull up her dress, unsnap the garter belt and then pull her panties down and off. As she tossed her panties aside, we hugged tightly and kissed long and deeply. I could feel from the passionate urgency of her kiss, that she was beginning to get hot and excited by playing this game with me.

As we drove to the restaurant, my right hand slid my fingers under her dress, slowly and sensuously stroking higher up the inside of her thigh, but then stopped and traveled no higher. I wanted my fingers there as a reminder of the moist nakedness between her legs, and to tease her with anticipation, as she waited for me to move my hand all the way up to her sex. No, I thought silently, not yet...

Soon we were in the crowded restaurant and seated. Her face was a portrait of mixed emotions, caused by a relentless awareness of the nakedness between her legs in this crowded room, amongst so many strange men and women in public. She looked nervous and slightly embarrassed, but then her eyes would change to a look of heightened awareness and excitement, with a hot blush on her cheeks that wasn't from her makeup, while the redness forming on her neck hinted at her increasing sexual arousal. But as she felt her rising sexual heat here in such a very public place, the nervousness and embarrassment would return. Followed again by even more arousal as she felt herself getting wet... And so her battle of conflicting emotions continued. 

The waiter showed up, and she faked a relaxed and pretty smile as he took her order. But as soon as he left, I shifted closer to her side and leaned in close to her neck as I whispered in her ear... In a whisper audible only to her, I breathed into her ear that I was going to run my hand up under her dress, all the way up the inside of her thigh and then caress and massage her hot and moist pussy. Her eyes widened as she heard, and I held my breath, expecting her to use her first chance of refusal to stop what I now intended. But after a long pause, her eyes closed as she whispered back, "Do it."

My own crotch was feverish with heat and hardness under the table as I stroked and massaged her there. I played my fingers gently and slowly around her clit and ran my finger tips up and down the wet slipperiness of her swollen inner lips, pushing between them, but not yet penetrating. 

As her breathing became more rapid, she struggled mightily to calm the overheated look on her face and to not cry out loud. She tried to control the urge to twist and squirm her hips and thighs as she became more and more consumed with the fire now raging between her legs. She could not stop an involuntary visible shudder that shook through the length of her body. She prayed no one saw, as she struggled to maintain her composure. 

She looked at me desperately and in an urgent and apprehensive voice, she spoke as quietly as she could, telling me that "Chris, I don't think I can hang on much longer. If you don't stop, I'm gonna cum in front of all these people! Everyone will know!"

I stopped the movement of my hand, but held it in place, then turned and whispered "Do you want to stop me with your first chance of refusal?" Her face was strained with powerfully conflicting emotions as she choked back "No!" "No, but please don't make me cum in front of all these people! I'm getting too close Chris! I won't be able to hold it back!"

I saw the fear and intense urgency burning in her eyes, so I slid my now wet and slippery hand down the inside of her thigh and out from under her dress. She slumped her shoulders down on the back of the booth and heaved an audible sigh of relief, looking like she didn't care if anyone noticed... She didn't care because she knew they wouldn't be witnessing the peak of the terrible and wonderful thing that almost happened to her. She looked at me with her eyes brimming with gratitude and mouthed quietly "Thank you."

'Score one for trust...' I thought silently.

She was happily giddy for the rest of the meal, laughing and joking about the various men in the restaurant and how they'd feel if they knew what was really going on and what almost just happened so close by to them. I answered back that I thought "The men here would be very shocked if they knew, and then after getting over the initial shock, some might disapprove, but most of them would be jealous, because almost all of them would secretly wish that they were the man taking you home tonight." She looked pleased as she giggled at what I said. And then I added "Of course their wives would all absolutely hate you, if they knew."

"And that's because they'd be the ones who are really jealous!" she playfully replied. They'd hate knowing what they're missing, and really hate knowing how much their husbands would want me!"

I knew she was having fun and feeling really good about herself, after what even I had to admit was a pretty outrageous thing to do, but still an amazing and unforgettable experience for both of us. Even if she hadn't begged me to stop, I already had planned to stop if she reached the point where she might orgasm in front of the entire restaurant. That would have been going way too far and she'd end up feeling really humiliated and hating me for it. 

But no, this experience had gone perfectly, and just the way I had hoped for. In spite of the flood of intensely powerful and even frightening range of mixed emotions she had gone through, she came out of it exhilarated and happy. And I showed her that she could trust me to know when to stop.

After we left the restaurant and were walking towards the car, she looked around to see if other people were close by, and seeing they weren't, she turned to me and exclaimed, "Oh My Gawd!!! I still feel sooo naked under this dress! Naked and still kinda hot..." she added, looking at me with suddenly seductive eyes. "So what do you do for an encore after that one, huh Captain?" she asked, playfully teasing me with a sarcastic but sexy tone of voice.

"You'll find out soon enough." I answered with a sly smile. "Get in the car, because I'm taking you for a ride!" She responded with a playful shriek and couldn't get in her seat fast enough.

The whole way there, I had my hand up her dress, massaging and manipulating her sex with all the magic I possessed, to make her crazy with burning sexual heat. It was challenging to do while driving, but I still managed to get two fingers encircling and then stroking her clit, gently at first, but as she grew more aroused, I stroked faster and with more pressure. She was moaning and crying out, and as her moans and cries became louder and more frequent, I knew she was close...

Suddenly she came so hard that she wrenched her hips high and hard upwards while screaming out loud, then collapsing back down into the seat, still quivering, whimpering and shaking. And we hadn't even arrived at the place I wanted to take her for the main event!

But we were there soon enough. I pulled into the large and empty parking lot of a college athletic field, where a couple nights ago I had noticed that in the very back, a few of the lot lights were out, making it dark enough for it to be hard to see a car there from the main road. Just as I did back when I was 17 years old, I looked around for cops and other cars that might have other people and potential trouble in them. Seemed like we were all alone.

She looked at me and laughed! "You mean we're gonna make out here like a couple of kids? That's the next big thing?" She laughed even more. But she grew quickly quiet when she saw me get out of the car and come around to open her door, dangling a pair of handcuffs... 

She watched me with eyes now wider as I pulled her door open wide and pushed in on top of her. She gasped in shock when I roughly grabbed her with my arms around her upper body, twisting and turning her over so that now her back was facing me. I quickly unzipped the back of her dress and pulled down the front to expose her black lace bra. She gasped again when I grabbed both her wrists, pulled them up and quickly handcuffed them to the steel supports of the headrest on her seat, and then lowered the seat back so she was positioned for what I wanted to do to her.

I pushed a button, moving the seat back as far as it would go, to give me a little more room to move. I grabbed her waist and pulled her up with her knees pushed forward on the seat, so now her hotly sexy ass was raised up in front of me, but still covered by her dress. But it was dark in the car and I wanted to see her... As my overheated lust took control of my mind, I no longer cared about staying hidden in the dark, and I turned on the roof lights. She was now fully exposed in the light, and my view of her was worth the risk!

Kneeling close behind her, I dropped my pants and boxers, exposing my big throbbing and hard cock, as it spasmed up and down a couple times from contractions in my groin, and pointed directly at the center of her ass. I could feel her trembling on the seat, and briefly wondered if I had scared her enough that she was about to use a chance for refusal. But she remained silent except for her hard and rapid breathing.
