 My first attempt at a story, hope you enjoy.

*****

As I walked through the forest, the sweet scents of the wild flowers filled the air; Hyacinth, Bluebells and Lily of the Valley. The relaxing aromas, the warm sun on my skin and gentle singing of the birds echoed and put me at ease as I attempted to clear my head. I have been feeling frustrated recently. Working, eating, sleeping. Feeling like a robot. I decided to try and channel my frustrations into something positive and distract my mind. The early morning walks, though don't seem distracting enough, are beautiful and pleasant nonetheless and make me feel a little more human. 

The start of another week. Another Monday. How am I going to get through this one? I thought to myself. I've been single for the past few years with little contact with any men and I'm now finding the days difficult to deal with as my sexual frustration is at an all-time high. The lack of touch and heat from a man has engendered the pure desperation to feel a kiss and hands on my body, to hear a sweet, hot whisper in my ear and the moaning, groaning pleasures of a man's voice. These thoughts capture my mind and my body, it feels so animalistic and uncontrollable. The need is biological and psychological. I've only just realised the terrible side effects of sexual frustration.

I sat in my car before work, parked outside in the staff spaces. I was wearing a high waisted tanned coloured skirt that came just above my knee, it was split up my right leg by several inches and an off white, tight strappy vest top. My long, dark blonde hair was wavy and came down to my hips and I had pinned a little lily of the valley flower in my hair above my left ear, so I could enjoy its sweet scent all day. I've just started my first graduate job in local government and at 26 I'm still very young an inexperienced compared to the rest of my colleagues. Before I went into work, I lost my mind to sexual thought as I did often, imagining the touch of a hand holding my right thigh, stroking it softly. I let out a moan, my head rolled back and my eyes closed while I breathed heavily. I quickly pulled myself together after a moment and went into work.

The day past slowly. I sat at my desk trying to concentrate with wet lacey panties. There were a few men here that excited me, I thought about them coming onto me frequently but it never happened. I doubted myself sometimes, is there something wrong with me? I took a quick bathroom break and checked myself out in the mirror. I was short, 5'1, with a curvy size 12 figure, I had a flat stomach, round ass and large breasts. I fixed my hair and put on some lip gloss, though I never wear make-up, just something to moisten my lips, as I have sensitive, light skin with some freckles. I went back to my desk and tried to get through the rest of my day. My mind was slipping in and out of sexual thoughts. I was thinking about a man kneeling over me as I lay on my back, he was holding my thighs and pushing them open while he watched me touch myself. I stared into his eyes as he told me to lick my fingers and taste my pussy. I licked and sucked my own pussy juices off my fingers and begged him for his cock. 

"Please baby, I want your cock inside me so badly". He refused me. 

"Oh, baby please..." I moaned. 

Suddenly I was interrupted by a colleague asking me for a favour. I was a little embarrassed, I think I looked a little out of it with goose bumps on my skin and flushed red cheeks. I suppose this little sexual day dream I just had was a reflection of how I feel in reality. Deprived. 

Finally, the long day was over. I needed to get back out into the forest before the sunset, for some more distraction. Masturbating and touching myself sometimes only increased my frustration and feelings of loneliness. I've not lived in the area very long, I moved here for my job and its beautiful setting, leaving my friends and family miles and miles away. So being sociable at the moment was rare for me too! 

I'd been exploring the forest behind my new house for about a week now, going further and further every time, finding gorgeous new places. I came across a little stream that evening and I sat on the ground taking in the sounds of the water. Breathing the sweet air in slowly. It was so tranquil and peaceful. However, my peace was broken quickly by a barking brown Labrador that ran up to me as I was on the floor.

"Sorry!" A voice shouted from behind me. 

"Hey, no problem, it's fine. I love dogs. He's beautiful, what's his name?" I said. 

As the figure walked closer to me, I saw that he was a handsome man, tall, dark shoulder length hair and a beard covering his face. He was wearing a red and black tartan, flannel shirt and some blue jeans and heavy black boots. 

"This is Jack, he wouldn't harm a fly!" He smiled sweetly at me. He had such a lovely voice too, deep and husky. 

"What are you up to out here, if you don't mind me asking?" He enquired. I felt a little shy and silly. 

"I'm just relaxing, you know, taking a walk and passing the time." I said, trying to hide my attraction. 

"Well, would you like to take a walk with me...? I'm Justin by the way. I've not seen you around before." 

"Sure, I'd love to. My name is Sara. I've not long moved here, onto Willow Tree Lane." 

"Oh great, I've been living on Willow my whole life. I'll show you around." He seemed pleased and excited to have met me. We walked on with his Lab and made conversation about each other. He was very interested in where I had come from and my job and everything about me really. I didn't get much chance to ask him about himself. He paused from questioning me every so often to point out something quirky about the forest and show me cute new places. He seemed as into nature as I was and I was genuinely having a good time with him. I'm glad I decided to come out this evening. He walked me back onto Willow Tree as it was just about to get dark. 

"It was lovely to meet you Sara, I'd love to walk with you again. If you ever need anything, I'm number 6." He said eagerly. What a lovely guy I thought. He had made me laugh, blush and gave me butterflies. 

"I would love to walk with you again Justin, I will be out in the morning again, before work." I hinted. 

"Great, I'll knock you at 6:30am, have a good evening, Sara." He smiled at me as he walked on up the street. Oh my. Well wasn't that a treat. Meeting a hot guy, who lives on my street. Beautiful to look at and listen to, clearly intelligent and so interesting. I couldn't help myself when I got into bed that evening. I put on a thin, soft evening nighty that fell just below my ass cheeks with a black lace trim. I slept in my black lacy thongs and no bra as I love the feeling of lace against my pussy when I'm feeling aroused. My hard nipples rubbed against the soft fabric as I lay in bed enjoying the sensations on my body from the different materials. I slipped my hand under my nighty and started to play with my big, hard nipples. My breasts and nipples are so big that I can reach my nipples with my mouth and suck them myself if I wanted to. I softly stroked them and my pussy started getting wet. With enough patience, I could cum just from nipple play. I twisted and pulled them harder and started to suck them. My lacy underwear was so wet but I didn't touch myself. I got myself so turned on and didn't finish myself off. I love the feeling of being in such a heightened sense of arousal in this way and I fell asleep in my wet panties.

I met Justin again in the morning. We met every morning and evening for the following week to walk through the forest. Every night I went home and got myself more and more worked up thinking about him and his hot broad, muscular body. We were like giddy teenagers, laughing and joking around. He asked me if he could hold my hand at the end of the week as we walked. It was so innocent yet so hot. 

"You look so beautiful, Sara." The sun was about to set but the air was still warm. He stared into my eyes as he held both of my hands and came closer to me slowly to kiss me. My heart leapt from my chest and my cheeks and clit both rushed with blood as he planted his hot lips onto mine. Our tongues started to dance together and he began breathing hard, making deep sighing sounds. I let out a little moan and felt my body turn weak as the excitement coursed through my veins. That kiss was so hot, my pussy was already wet. I wanted to feel more of his body, to have more of his lips. He put his hands onto my hips and moved them up and down my hour glass figure while our lips were still locked. I put my hands onto his face. I paused a moment. 

"Would you like to come back to my place...for a drink?" I asked nervously. 

"I would love to." His expression had changed along with the general vibes he was giving off before. He seemed to have turned quite intense and serious. He was looking at me with his smouldering eyes that were full of desire. Just his stare sent shivers down my spine. I was so excited now. Justin is coming back to my place, he wants me. I want him.

Justin took his Lab back home and came back quickly. I offered him a drink of Pinot Noir and it turned out he was a lover of red wine too. I find red wine always heightens my arousal too. We sat close to each other on my sofa as we drank just a glass each and chatted. It started turning quite a lot more personal than usual. He started asking how long I'd been single for and quickly moved on to complimenting me.

"Sara." He paused and looked at me intently. 

"You are not only so beautiful, you are so hot. I want to touch you baby girl. Do you want to touch me?" He said very confidently. I was a little shocked at first, I wasn't used to that kind of approach. I felt so nervous and didn't know how to reply. 

"Yes." I whispered anxiously. I haven't fucked a guy in two years and now it was finally happening. He came closer to me, rubbed my cheek and moved his hands down onto my shoulders and slowly moved my hair back so he could kiss my neck. He kissed, licked and sucked my neck and I could now feel my heart beating in my pussy I was so turned on. Goose bumps started to rise on my skin and I moaned softly. 

"Oh baby, your skin is so sweet." He whispered into my ear. He started to unbutton the black, tight shirt I was wearing, revealing my huge tits and cleavage in my black bra. He looked down at my chest and squeezed my tits, pulling them out of my bra and letting them rest on the wire. 

"Mmmm, fucking beautiful." He growled, as he squeezed and played with my nipples, taking them into his mouth, flicking them with his tongue. They turned so hard for him and I could feel my cum running out of my pussy. 

"Oh god. Yeah." I shivered. Enjoying every sensation he was giving to me so generously. He came back up to kiss my lips. My cheeks were bright red and I was breathing hard. He looked at me again as I reached to pull off his t-shirt off. I admired his broad and muscular body and the hair on his chest. His smell turned me on more. I rubbed my small hands up and down his torso, feeling all of the contours in his skin. I finished taking off my shirt and bra and straddled him. Kissed him hard and moaned. I started feeling more confident. 

"I want to suck your hard cock baby. I want it so deep down my throat." I said, as I looked down at him. He bit his lips but said nothing and started undoing his belt, which he completely took off and put down on the ground. I put a cushion on the floor under my knees and knelt in front of him as he sat on the sofa. I was topless, still wearing a short black skirt and pull up stockings. Hidden under my skirt was a pair of suspenders and dark purple, silky thongs. He pulled his cock out of his boxers and I held it with both hands admiring it. He was fucking rock hard for me and he was leaking pre-cum. I didn't hesitate to clean that off with my mouth so I could get a good taste of him. I shoved his dick down my throat straight away and gagged on him, pushing him down as deep as I could manage, moaning onto his cock as I did. I sucked deeply, taking in all of him, up and down. 

"You fucking dirty bitch." He moaned. God, I love how he spoke to me. He put his right hand on my head but wasn't forceful. He could tell I was loving it and he let me enjoy him how I pleased. I started concentrating on the tip of his dick. I squeezed his cock between my big tits as I looked up at him and ran my tongue around his tip, alternating from sucking and licking. I spat on his hardness and watched it run down him before sucking it all up again. His body jolted upward and he grabbed my head and pulled me up towards him.

"Stand up and turn around baby girl." He demanded. I did as he asked. He grabbed the top of my skirt and pulled it down revealing my suspenders, stockings and my purple thong. 

"Fuck." He uttered under his breath.

"Bend over for me." I lent forwards and he grabbed both of my ass cheeks hard with his hands. He spanked my right ass cheek and let out a growl. He was admiring, spanking and squeezing me for a while before he moved his face between my ass and started to lick over the top of my thong. He pushed me further over and moved my thong over to one side, revealing my hot, throbbing wet pussy. 

"God, you have such a beautiful, little pink pussy and ass baby. You are so wet for me, aren't you?" He asked. My pussy was smooth and hairless. He ran his fingers over my ass and pussy, spreading my wetness all over.

"Yes baby, It's all for you." I answered. All I could think about was him driving his hard cock into me. But he was taking this slowly. He pushed his face between my hotness and licked and sucked my pussy lips and ass, drinking down my cum. The sensations were out of this world, the chemicals of pleasure ran through my body. I was moaning loudly as I was bent forward, my back arching. My eyes were shut. My mind was dancing as he enjoyed me.

I felt like I was starting to get closer to orgasm as he pulled away from my pussy. 

"Kneel down." He asked. I got down on my knees again and he stood up and looked down at me. I saw him eye his belt every few seconds and it made me feel anxious. He was holding is huge, hard cock, stroking it above my face. Then his vibes suddenly switched to a softer tone and he asked me to kiss him. I stood up and we licked and sucked each other's tongues before I invited him upstairs into my bedroom. I lay down on my silky, white sheets and he knelt in front me of. He took off all my underwear and opened my legs wide, his eyes were hungry. He softy stroked my inner thighs, teasing me, my head rolled back. 

"I'm going to fuck your pussy baby." I was so excited, so nervous too. I was wet but so tight from the lack of dick over the last two years. I let out a huge moan as his body came closer to mine, in pure anticipation to feel him inside of me. He held open my thighs and slowly circled my swollen clit with his hard on, both of us moaning and groaning. 

"Please baby, fuck me, fuck me." I pleaded.

"I love to hear you beg like that. Beg me. Beg me for my cock." He said, looking deep into my eyes. I grabbed his hips and tried to push his cock forward inside of me but he moved back. 

"Oh God, I want you, I want your cock inside of me, please I beg you to fuck me. However you want, whatever you want." I said so desperately to him. I was already so close to cumming. He lunged forward and pushed his cock into my tight, wet pussy. Holy shit. So fucking good. The pure pleasure. I let out a scream as he pushed his cock onto my G spot. He grabbed both of my thighs and fucked me quickly, panting. He was watching my huge tits bounce up and down as he enjoyed my pussy. I was screaming with pleasure, shouting his name as my eyes rolled back into my head, my hands grabbing the sheets either side of me.

"Yes baby, yes, yes." I screamed as my body and pussy went tense, my orgasm building quickly. My pussy squeezed his cock inside of me as I came so fucking hard for him.

"You're so fucking beautiful when you cum." He said. Then he quickly flipped me over and I knelt in front of him, my bare ass in the air. He stood up behind me and spanked my pussy gently for a few minutes before putting his cock inside me again. He fucked slowly this time, so intense. He held my hips and rocked me back and forth onto his hardness. It felt so good to be fucked like that after cumming.

"I want to cum now baby." He growled.

"Not yet, please." I pleaded with him. He let out a huge groan.

"Fuck baby, I'm sorry. I'm going to cum on your beautiful pussy and ass." I didn't want it to stop but I wanted to feel his hot load on my body. He thrusted hard inside of me a few more times before pulling out. 

"Ohhh, Sara." He moaned as he wanked his cock with one hand and pulled open my pussy wide with the other, wetting my hotness with his huge load of hot cum. He admired his cum all over me for a moment, rubbing it into my ass and pussy before we both collapsed on the bed next to one another, smiling. He held me in his arms and kissed my head. I already can't wait to experience more with Justin.