 Both characters are 18. Enjoy :)

So far it was another ordinary day at school, but things were soon about to change. I was sitting at my table in ceramics drawing little designs on my vase when I noticed Alison staring right at me from across the room, a cute little smirk forming on her face.

Alison was 5' 9", slim, and drop dead gorgeous; she had dark brown hair, light brown eyes, long perfectly toned legs, shapely hips and a set of 34Cs to die for! We always teased each other during and outside of class. After being great friends for years, I had finally worked up the courage to take her out to dinner the other night. We had fun the whole time, ending with a short kiss by her front door. Cliché I know but hey it's how it went down.

Walking up to my table me she asked in a calm tone of voice, "Hey...the teacher asked me to go in the back room to get something but...I need some help...It's kinda heavy." Setting down my pick I replied, "Sure Alison...not a problem." I couldn't help but catch the little smirk form on her face as I followed her into the back room. I wondered what it was she really wanted, as something seemed fishy. As I entered the room, Alison came in behind me and shut the door. 

"So what is it that you wanted me to...."? I was cut off by Alison 's mouth as we met for a slow and passionate kiss. Her tongue quickly found mine and started dancing around in my mouth.

Breaking the kiss, Alison stared into my eyes with a smile that lit up her pretty face. I stammered, "God Alison...what was that for?"

"Just something I've been dying to do all day! And I bet you have too...haven't you?" Alison asked before she began to slowly kiss my neck and shoulders. I groaned as I felt her hot breath tickling my skin, her hands caressing my back through my shirt and her breasts crushing into my chest.

"Oh god Alison...I've been thinking about you and the night we had together all day." I whispered as she pressed her nipples into my chest, my whole body tingling as she continued to slowly and lovingly kiss my neck.

Needing more, I wrapped my hand behind Alison's head and our eyes met as we stood face to face with each other. As our lips met again, we kissed as our hands began to pull at each other's clothes. As our kiss continued, Alison reached for the bottom of her shirt and pulled it up over her head, briefly stopping the kiss as she pulled it up and over her head, tossing it aside as she brought her lips back to mine. Her hands now pulling at my shirt, I did the same as she did, briefly breaking the kiss as I pulled off my T-shirt and tossed it to the side. As our kiss continued we unbuckled and unsnapped each other's belts and jeans, letting them fall to the floor before kicking them aside. Breaking the kiss, we both stood facing each other in nothing but our underwear. Alison giggled as she noticed my eyes traveling up and down her body, clothed only in white lingerie. Her eyes locked onto my swelling cock, quickly forming a tent in my boxers.

Her body was so perfect, from the smooth skin of her long and toned legs, to the perfect curves of her hips leading up to her perfectly formed tits. As my eyes reached her beautiful face, her pretty brown eyes locked onto mine. Alison smiled and whispered, "Time for us to have a little fun..."

Placing her hand on my chest, she pushed me back onto a chair and wrapped her hands around my back as I wrapped mine around hers. My hands slowly traveled up the smooth skin of her back as she lightly kissed my collarbone. "oohhh yessss..." Alison hissed as I brought my hands up to the clasp of her bra. I quickly undid it as she released her hold on my back, letting it fall from her chest down the floor below us. I gasped at the sight of her perfect tits hanging free. I leaned forward, once again wrapping my arms around her as I gently kissed the soft skin of her bare shoulders and neck. I broke the kiss as Alison stepped back from me, hooking her thumbs in the waistband of her panties.

Alison ginned deviously as she slid her panties down her long, smooth legs to her knees before releasing them, letting them fall to her feet before kicking them to the side. I couldn't help but return her devious grin as I looked over her perfect body. It was a dream come true seeing Alison standing before me completely naked, her breasts heaving with every breath, her soft and toned legs pressed together, with just a small tuft of brown hair between them.

Alison walked sexily over to me, her hips swaying with each step. Sitting on my thighs, she wrapped her hands around my neck and leaned down into my shoulder as we both began kissing each other's neck and shoulder. My caressing hands soon traveled from her back to her chest as our lips locked in a passionate kiss. I began to lovingly caress and cup her soft breasts and lightly pinch her nipples. Alison brought her hand to my face and slowly caressed my cheek as we kissed more passionately. As I brought one of my hands down towards her pussy, she moaned into my mouth and stood up, denying my hand access. Seeing her stand before me, I was confused by her sudden rejection. Seeing the conflict in my eyes, she smiled and giggled,

"Hehehe oh come on...we both know I want more than your hand down there!" Quickly returning to her position, her legs straddled my thighs and her cunt hovered over the tent in my boxers. Reaching down to my waist, she pulled them down towards my knees and I used my legs to push them down. It was perfect timing, as I was able to kick them off just as Alison lowered herself into my throbbing cock.

"Ohhhhh goddddd fuck!" Alison cried out as my cock slid balls deep into her tight cunt. Alison slowly began to push her hips back and forth, letting my cock slide in and out of her pussy.

"Oh shit Alison! This feels so fucking good!" I shouted out as I felt Alison 's hot, wet, tight, silky smooth pussy gripping my cock as she began to ride me in a faster and faster pace.

As Alison rode my cock harder and harder, she pressed her tits into my face, I could feel her breasts, nipples, and soft brown hair tickling me as she cried out with pleasure. I couldn't believe how good her pussy felt around my cock, it was like a vise, squeezing my cock closer and closer to orgasm.

Pulling back from me, she leaned back and stared down at my cock as it thrusted in and out of her cunt. Her eyes darting back to mine, she smiled and cried out,

"Ohhhh god! Were finally fucking! Oh my god yes! Feels so fucking good!"

Wrapping her hands around my neck our lips met again for another hot passionate kiss. Alison screamed into my mouth as her orgasm hit, her cunt squeezing the hell out of my cock as she rode out her orgasm. Pulling back from me, she threw her head back then forward, her face meeting mine as she slowly ground her pussy into my cock.

I stared back at Alison's face, as she met mine, she looked so sexy with her hair tossed everywhere. It was then I realized just how beautiful she was and how much I loved her. As our eyes met, Alison smiled and brought her hand to my cheek, lovingly caressing my face. It was then that it hit me. I was finally fucking Alison! The girl of my dreams! I grabbed her hips as she began to grind her pussy harder and harder into my cock.

"Oh fuck...Alison...I gotta pull out...I'm gonna cum!"

"NO! Don't pull out! Cum in me...it's ok..." Alison gasped

"Are you on the pill?!" I moaned

"NO! And I don't care! Just fucking cum inside me!" Alison screamed

As I stared deep into Alison's soft brown eyes she dropped herself onto my cock, its head kissing the opening to her cervix. I groaned as I felt my balls tighten and a massive load of sperm shoot out of my cock deep inside her hot cunt. Alison shuddered with pleasure as she felt my cock fill her with my hot, white, sticky cum. Our lips met again and we kissed passionately as I moaned into her mouth feeling my cock shoot several more long ropes of life giving sperm deep inside her fertile, unprotected womb. 

Both of us panting with exhaustion and release, Alison collapsed onto me, both of us grinning with happiness as we snuggled into each other's bodies. As I pulled her hair back from her face, she smiled at me and gave me a cute peck on the lips before closing her eyes and happily resting her head on my shoulder.

"God I love you so much..." Alison whispered as she lightly kissed my neck and ear.

"I love you too Alison...now and forever." I managed to pant as my lungs worked overtime from my exertion.

Rubbing her hands up and down my chest Alison smiled and said, "Glad to hear it...but we better get dressed and get out of here before the teacher comes looking for us...be a little hard to explain this."

We both quickly dressed with a few playful kisses and touches. As I sat down at my table I looked over at Alison as she walked back to her table. Alison smiled back at my gaze and I realized my life had changed, but definitely for the better.