 Chapter 5: Christmas

Dear Readers, You have kindly waited for this chapter of the story to appear. I hope the continuing tale of John and Judith has kept you entertained while Will and Amanda fell in love and their story continued. Here, then, is the next installment. Thank you for your patience...

Will and Amanda glowed with happiness. They had found the one person to complete them, and didn't take that lightly. 

At the office, they remained very professional. They had separate offices, but could often be found visiting each other, working on projects. They developed a special language, sending one-word emails that said everything. 

They were envied. The women saw it as a fairy tale, two people perfect for each other, finding and loving the other. Men saw it as a precautionary tale, wondering why they continued going clubbing when the perfect woman was often right in the next office.

As circumspect as their public life was, their private life was different. They fell in love with a passion. Making up for lost time, all their time away from work was spent together. First they found the perfect home, a tiny southern plantation, with rolling green hills and enormous old oak trees all along the property. They wanted to make the house their own, place their own distinctive mark there. Most nights were spent selecting colors and furniture, painting and moving, adjusting and tweaking until each room was perfect. They made it a wonderfully warm home, comfortable and charming, a haven.

Will had told Amanda about John and his career in the northern city. Together, they worried about his life, his lack of a partner, his loneliness. Both wanted more than anything to invite him to visit, to share their happiness with Will's closest friend. Will missed John. No one would ever be as close to him, know him as well as his old friend. But Will had Amanda and she was slipping into all corners of his life, filling him with a happiness he never thought possible.

Soon, the Christmas season arrived and their focus changed to the first of many holidays they would spend together. They were aware that the things they did now were the beginnings of traditions they would enjoy the rest of their lives. So the Christmas decorations had to be perfect. The tree had the be the absolute best. They went out in mid-November to shop for one, going to a local tree farm famous for its full, beautiful pines and firs. After searching nearly the entire lot, they found the one they wanted. They planned to place it in the family room, filling one end of the room with the fragrant tree, its branches reaching toward the high ceiling.

Finally, it was time to pick up the tree. They drove out to the farm and watched as their very first tree was loaded onto the borrowed truck. Driving away, the scent of pine filled the cab, intoxicating and thrilling. At home, they followed the instructions carefully, placing it in the new stand, setting it the area they had selected. 

They sat back to appreciate the beauty of it, still without lights or decorations, just majestic against the tall wall. Another tradition was started then, making love under the naked branches, with visions of sugar plums and each other filling their minds.

It amazed them both how often they agreed on things. Yes, white lights were perfect, as long as there were millions of them. Yes, ornaments should be delicate and sparkly, hanging from every branch, filling the room with a gentle glow. Oh, yes, Christmas stockings, definitely, hand-made ones would be perfect!

Like two children, they set about making this Christmas, their first together, one to remember. One night, they came home and changed into comfortable sweatsuits. Dinner was trays of goodies, sliced meats and cheeses, veggies to dip, wine to sip. They turned off the phone, letting the machine pick up calls. Filling the player with Christmas CDs, they lit candles and started to work. First the lights. Both wanted the tree to look like a fairyland. Will was selected to string them, based on his skill, agility and height. He was to thread the light strands around the trunk of the tree, up and down, then slowly begin circling the tree, making sure that every branch was laced with them. While Will worked so diligently on the lights, Amanda was moving around the room, setting up various decorations they had purchased or made. She watched her love, admiring his long form in the clinging sweats. He was so graceful as he worked. Finally, she stopped all activity and just looked at him as he carefully threaded the light strands as instructed. She found herself smiling, tingling, as she observed his tight ass under the sweats. When he climbed onto the chair to continue, Amanda came up behind him. She waited until his hands were totally occupied, then she moved up closer, pulling his sweat pants down with one quick motion. When he turned to look down at her, surprised by her actions, she found herself level with his sweet sleeping cock. She admired it. Soft and pink, nestled in luxuriant brown curls, looking so delicious. She moved closer, placing her hands on his hips, closing her eyes and inhaling the intoxicating scent of his manhood. Her mouth moved to his cock, her lips just brushing lightly over it, then licking it softly, pulling it gently into her warmth. This was something she loved, taking his baby cock into her mouth and feeling it come alive and grow. She began to delicately suck on it, felt it harden instantly, filling her mouth and then becoming too large for her to hold comfortably. She slid her lips up and down his hard shaft, enjoying the feel of the slick, tight skin. She circled his flesh with her tongue, licking him as if an ice cream cone that was particularly delectable. Her fingers clutched his hips, pulling him closer with a rhythm of desire. Her nose was buried in his curlies, her mouth busily sucking and stroking. She loved the way he became totally ready in only minutes. Her fingers moved to his balls, massaging and gently teasing them. His hands left the tree and moved into her hair, encouraging her as she made love to him. She could hear his soft moans, feel his hips swaying against her. His fingers tightened, and he stiffened. Then his lovely cock, so hard and hot, grew even more, just before he exploded into her waiting mouth. She swallowed happily, enjoying the salty/sweet taste of him. She remained wrapped around him, softly now, barely sucking, just licking him gently, kissing him as she cleaned his content cock. Happily, she pulled up his pants, patted his ass, and continued with her decorating.

The rest of the evening was equally productive. After all the ornaments were hung, they sat back and admired their handiwork. The lights glowed in the darkened room, reflected on the shiny bulbs they had chosen. They sat on the floor, leaning against the sofa and enjoyed the warmth of the room. They went to bed that night pleased with their accomplishment.

They loved each other. They also liked and enjoyed each other, finding new things each day to delight them. Each evening, after work, they went home together to their sanctuary, adding new treasures to the already lovely house. They made love nearly nightly under their tree, enjoying the afterglow in the twinkling lights.

One night, Will was caught in a meeting. He sent Amanda home, promising to get there as soon as possible. When he finally entered the long drive, he noticed that no lights were on downstairs. He opened the door quietly, thinking perhaps she had gone to bed early. Then he saw the glow of the Christmas tree in the family room, pulling him into the room. Entering, his eyes were drawn to the far wall. There stood the lovingly decorated tree, lights luminous. But it was the present underneath that drew him closer. There was Amanda, asleep, dressed in a beautiful red teddy, with a note propped beside her.

The night had turned chilly and Amanda had a fire burning, the flames burnishing her pale skin to a golden hue. There was a wine bottle, less than half full, and an empty wine glass beside her head. Will stood there, admiring his sweet woman, smiling at her as she slept so peacefully. Then, he felt his cock stirring as he looked at her desirable body, dressed so scantily. 

He carefully put down his briefcase and eased out of his shoes. He removed his jacket and tie, rolling up his shirtsleeves. All the while, he never took his eyes off Mandy, so deliciously unaware. 

He picked up the note, addressed to him. Opening it, he found Amanda's flowing handwriting. "Dear Will, I wanted to give you an early present. ME! I am wrapped with care, ready to be opened and enjoyed by you. Please, Sir, help yourself. I love you." 

Lying beside her, he inhaled her delicious scent. Her silky hair shone in the firelight, her skin was warm to his touch. He kissed her shoulder, running his fingers over her satiny skin. His fingers moved to the row of buttons holding the teddie together. Slowly, he opened them, one by one. He kissed and licked the pale skin as he exposed it. He could hear Mandy's even breathing, and it felt slightly naughty to be making love to her sleeping body. It also felt extremely erotic. His fingers continued their skillful removing of her clothes, his mouth continued its journey over her tender flesh.

The teddie was tricky, buttons, little bows, snaps, but Will was a man on a mission and was finally able to open his present fully. It helped that Mandy seemed to move slightly to assist him. When the last snap was undone, and his Mandy was disrobed, Will sat back and just appreciated her beauty. She was stretched out now, her legs slightly separated, her lush blond curlies gleaming in the firelight. Her breasts rose evenly with her slow breathing, her nipples hardened in the slightly cool air. He leaned forward and gently sucked one of the pink nubbins into his mouth, feeling it tighten and pucker beneath his tongue. His hand covered the other breast, plucking the nipple and teasing it to firmness. He heard a tiny moan from Mandy, but she still appeared to be asleep. 

Surreptitiously, Will continued his path down her sleek body. He kissed and nipped and enjoyed her flat tummy, her smooth skin. He paused when he reached her luxurious bush. He happily buried his face there, inhaling Mandy's vanilla scent. The curlies tickled his nose, making him smile. It seemed her legs fell apart even further, giving him access to the treasures he sought.

Slowly, he used his nose, sliding through the curls, finding the slit that guarded her hot pinkness. He was so excited, his face so close to this very familiar pussy, while Amanda slept. His tongue slipped out, finding again the slit, so swollen and already damp. Up and down he lapped, moving deeper with each lick, enjoying the myriad of textures he discovered there. 

He loved her clit. It was tiny, nearly hidden, yet most powerful. When his tongue slipped to it, it stiffened and throbbed. He abandoned the rhythmic lapping, concentrating instead on this. He licked it slowly, flicking it with his tongue tip, encouraging engorgement. He circled it clockwise, counter-clockwise, then again, up and down. Mandy's hips were wriggling now, her legs opened fully, her pussy a gift she offered freely. 

Will's tongue moved down, deeper, plunging into her deepest pink. Fucking it, over and over, his tongue imitating his cock, moving in and out, his face wet with her copious juices. Then, he had to return to her clit. He needed to feel her tighten around his tongue, wanted to make her come hard. 

Will wasn't sure when Amanda woke, but suddenly her fingers were in his hair, guiding him on his adventures. Her hips lifted from the carpet, her pussy meeting his face as he thrust into her. Her thighs, on either side of his face, tightened, locking him in place. He felt her stiffen, her fingers gripping his head, then he heard the sound he loved, her orgasm. The roar started deep in her throat, guttural and primal. He couldn't stop, his mouth in continuous movement over her center. He heard his name as she cried out, felt her spasms pulling his tongue deeper into her needy cunt. 

Her words finally pierced his brain. "Now, Will, darling. Now. I need you inside me now. I need to feel you entering me, fucking me, filling me. Take your naughty little Christmas present and use it, love it, fuck it. Please, Will. Now!"

He loved her savage need, her intense desire. It took mere seconds for him to shed his clothes, his cock already engorged and dripping. He moved up her body, poised above her. Then his cock moved into her, entered the home he had grown to love. It was a perfect match. He plunged deeply into her, satisfying the desire his tongue had awakened. Over and over, his cock worked into her depths. The exquisite stimulation, the fierce need for completion drove him repeatedly. He could feel his cock stiffen more, his balls were full and tight. Then, just as he thought he would explode, Amanda began spasming beneath him. Her throbbing pussy pulled his cock, her naughty, needy words filled his head, sending him over the edge and he felt himself shooting come into her depths. Their cries mingled and filled the room. His strokes slowed, but continued, sensual and easy now. He kissed her face, her eyes, her mouth. 

Afterward, lying beside her, he cradled her body to his. They murmured words of love. 

It was a Christmas to remember.

To Be Continued...