 The band stopped playing to take a break. The naked girls picked up their clothes and climbed off the stage. Allie and Erin headed upstairs, along with a bunch of other people. Erin pulled Allie aside, away from the flow of people going up and down the stairs.

"You want another beer? I'm gonna get another beer," she said.

"Yeah. I think I'm gonna get drunk," Allie said.

She rubbed the front of her jeans. Something in her crotch felt odd. Her eyebrows arched up. Of course. It was that stranger's sperm leaking out of her pussy. Was she going to get pregnant?

"So what happened?" Erin said.

"With what?" Allie said.

"With you and that guy. I thought you were going to fuck him."

Allie opened her mouth to speak, then closed it again. Erin said that word. She had never heard a girl say fuck. She had hardly ever heard anyone say fuck. She shrugged.

"I-I did."

Erin stared at her with a puzzled look on her face, then her eyebrows went up and her mouth fell open.

"Oh my God. You did it with him? He fucked you right there at the bar?" she said.

Allie nodded, and had a big grin on her face. Erin shrieked.

"No way. That's so wild," she said.

She grabbed both of Allie's arms and looked into her face with stern, set eyes.

"Ok. Who are you and what have you done with my friend?" she said.

Allie laughed.

"I know. I can't believe it, either. I feel so ... out of control."

Part 2

Someone put a hand on her ass. She jumped, and spun around. Standing in front of her was a gorgeous, tall man. He was a little older, with faint wrinkles at the corners of his eyes, and a few gray hairs on his head, and an uneven, wry smile that made his blue eyes look playful. Her jaw dropped. Was this the man who had ... How did Erin put it ... fucked her downstairs?

"Hi," he said.

"Hi," Allie said.

She looked at Erin, who also had a surprised look on her face.

"My friend just told me you have a sweet, hot pussy," the tall man said.

Allie blinked.

"Your friend?"

The tall man chuckled. It gave him a boyish, mischievous appearance, which was inconsistent with the lines on his face.

"Yeah. My friend. He's the one who banged you downstairs."

"Oh," Allie said.

"I'd like to see if you're as sweet and hot as he says. You wanna get it on with me?" he said.

She couldn't answer right away. Was this the way a man asked a girl to have sex with him these days? Wasn't he supposed to ask her on a date and bring her flowers? But then, the guy in the basement didn't even show his face.

She looked at Erin, who shrugged and said "Go for it."

Allie looked back up into the tall man's beautiful blue eyes, and smiled.

"Sure," she said.

"Wonderful. Let's find a place where we can be alone," he said.

He took her hand and led her to the back rooms of the house. Allie waved to Erin before she vanished in the tide of people crowded into the main room.

He took her straight to a small bathroom off the kitchen, as if he knew the house. No one was in the bathroom, and the people in the kitchen were not looking their way when they went in together. She looked at him again. Did he live in this house?

He locked the door. There wasn't much room in the small bathroom for two people, but that didn't matter. He pulled her to him and started kissing her. He slipped his arms around her and planted his lips on her lips. She squealed, but it was muffled in her mouth. She had to stand on her toes to reach up to him. When his tongue touched her lips, she did not resist, but opened her mouth and let it in.

His hands moved down her back to her ass. He squeezed hard. His fingers dug into her soft flesh. He pulled her tight against his body, and she felt a hard lump in the front of his pants pressing into her belly. Was that his ... penis?

"You're gonna need to take these off," he said, and tugged at the waistband of her jeans with his finger.

"Ok," Allie said.

She took a step backward and popped open the button of her jeans. Her eyes drifted down to the front of his pants. He had a bulge there, but it hung down the leg of his pants, like he was hiding a length of pipe in his pocket. Her eyes got wide. Was that his ... penis?

He was smiling, as if he knew that she had discovered his secret. His beautiful eyes sparkled. A tingle ran down her spine and buzzed between her legs. She couldn't believe she was getting to lucky with such a good looking older guy.

Her jeans dropped to the floor and she stepped out of them. His smile got bigger. With her eyes on his, she hooked her thumbs over the waistband of her panties to push them down, and poked her thumb through a hole.

"Oh no," she said.

"What's wrong?"

She looked down at the panties. The front was torn open from the crotch to the waistband.

"I think your friend tore my panties," she said.

"Lucky him," the tall guy said.

He lifted her onto the vanity by the sink. She pushed herself up on her hands so her butt was off the counter, and he yanked her panties all the way down her legs.

"You won't need these anymore," he said, and tossed them into a small wicker trash basket.

The panties hung over the edge of the basket. The crotch was stained with wetness, probably a mixture of her fluids and the first guy's sperm. She looked up to the tall guy's face. He pulled up the bottom of her shirt.

"You have fantastic tits," he said.

Allie blushed and turned her face away.

"I think they're way too big," she said.

"Don't be ridiculous."

He pulled her heavy bra away from her chest and let her oversized breasts fall free. The air was cool on her nipples and they stiffened immediately. He put his hands over each breast and she gasped. His touch was warm, but rough, like when he squeezed her ass. She arched her back toward him, to make it easier for him to get his hands around them.

She let her legs spread apart. He moved between them, pushing them even wider. The hard ridge of his erection rubbed over her warm groove, and she moaned. He bent his head down and kissed her again.

Her head was spinning. She was breathing hard. This was all so much to keep up with. She couldn't believe she was about to have sex with her second man that night, and both of them complete strangers. Hell, she didn't know either of their names. Mom would have a stroke. Why had she never let herself have fun like this before?

His mouth was still clamped over hers when she heard the zipper of his pants go down. He stepped back and let them drop to the floor. His erection pushed out the front of his boxers. He pushed them down to his ankles and it flopped out. Allie sucked in her breath.

"Oh my Lord. What is that?" she said.

He grinned like the devil.

"You like it?" he said.

Her stomach twisted. That couldn't be a real penis. It was at least as long as her forearm, and as big around as her wrist. It stuck straight out from his groin like the branch of a tree.

"I don't know. Are you gonna use it on me?" she said.

"Oh yeah. You know it," he said.

He hooked his hands under her knees and pulled her legs apart. She was trembling. Her eyes were locked on the end of his huge, swaying cock. It moved closer to that sensitive pink area between her legs. The first guy's penis felt great inside her. Was his as big as this one?

He held it around the middle of the shaft and lined the head up with her pussy. It touched her delicate opening and she flinched. It was hot. He pushed forward. The head split her pussy lips and stretched them open. He kept pushing. More of his cock sunk into her, stretching her even more.

"Oh my God," she said in a low whisper, and groaned.

She bit her lower lip. Her toes curled. It was still stretching her open. No, this one was much bigger than the first guy.

She squeezed her eyes shut. Was he making her cum again? It was hard to separate the pain of being stretched open from the pleasure of having such a huge cock forced inside her.

The head of his cock bumped up against something deep in her belly, and she jumped. She put her hand on his stomach, pushing him back.

"That's deep enough," she said in a trembling, wavering voice.

"I still got half of my cock to go," he said.

Allie looked down between her spread legs. How could she take that obscenely huge thing inside her tiny hole? It looked like he was impaling her on a baseball bat, and still had several inches to get into her.

"What are you going to do?" she said.

"What I came here to do," he said.

He pulled his hips back so a few inches of his cock slid out of her pussy. The shaft was shiny with a coating of her juices. He leaned forward and pushed those few inches of thick cock back into her. She groaned out loud.

The pain of being stretched was gone. She was left with the slow, gentle friction of his cock sliding in and out of her hole. She rocked her hips back and forth to the slow, gentle rhythm of his hips.

Slow and gentle didn't last long. His hips pumped faster and deeper with every stroke, until he was fucking her fast and hard, and she was screaming out loud. Her eyes rolled back in her head. Her body twitched and jerked. If she was cumming, it was hard to tell. There were so many intense sensations running through her body it was hard to keep anything straight.

The bathroom door opened. Allie turned to look. Her mouth hung open and she had drool dripping from the corner, and her eyes wouldn't focus. Outside the door, it looked like about a dozen people staring at them.

"Shut the fucking door," the tall guy shouted.

Allie jumped. She would have slipped off the counter, but she was pinned to it by his huge cock.

The door stayed open for a moment, then slammed shut. The tall, gorgeous guy between her legs grumbled something she couldn't make out, and started fucking her even harder.

She turned her head up to the ceiling and groaned. Her legs hung limp in his hands. She could do nothing but take it, but it was the best thing she had ever taken in her life. When she started to cum, she was sure of it.

"Oh ... Oh God ... Oh God," she shouted.

She didn't notice that he was cumming, too, until she felt the splash of hot cum deep in her belly. Her body shook and lights flashed in her eyes, and she nearly passed out. Her vision dimmed. When it came back, the tall, gorgeous stranger was motionless between her legs, panting and huffing.

"That was ... incredible," she said. She was panting, too.

He wiped the sweat from his forehead with the back of his hand.

"Yeah," he said, as if it was no big deal, as if he fucked the hell out of younger co-eds every day.

She glanced down at his cock, still buried in her pussy, then back up to his passive face. She frowned. He probably did.

He lifted himself off of her. Their sweaty skin peeled apart like they had been held together by an industrial strength adhesive. Allie watched his cock slip slowly out of her hole. It looked no less erect than when they started. It was coated with their fluids more than three quarters of the way down the shaft. Her eyebrows arched. She got that much of his cock inside her? Where did it all go?

The head of his cock finally fell out, and drooped between his legs like a hose, almost to his knees. But only a drop of cum leaked out from her pussy lips. Had it run out of her already? She sat up. No, it was sloshing around inside her.

She hopped off the counter. With her feet apart on the cold tile floor, she pushed on her belly below her navel. A flood of cum gushed out of her pussy and ran down the insides of her legs, all the way to her feet.

"Wow. That's a lot of cum," she said.

He was pulling his pants back up.

"Yeah. I do that," he said, like it was an everyday thing for him.

Allie stared at the cum dripping down her legs. She hoped she didn't get pregnant. Between the two of these strange men, she would never know which one was the father.

He smacked her bare ass with the palm of his hand, and she jumped.

"You're one hot fuck, babe. Great tits, too," he said, pointing to her bare chest.

He opened the door and went out. She let out a sigh. She tucked her heavy boobs back into the bra and pulled her shirt down. She used a handful of tissues to clean the cum from her legs. Her torn panties were still hanging on the edge of the waste basket. She pulled up her jeans. It felt funny to have the rough fabric rub against her bare, sensitive crotch.

She opened the bathroom door. Outside was a group of people, all staring at her. She tensed. Did they all know what had just happened?

She pushed through them to the main room, where she finally found Erin.

"What happened?" she said.

Allie took a breath. Her face was flushed and warm.

"Oh my God. It was so fantastic. He was like this," she said, and held her hands about a foot apart.

Erin's mouth fell open.

"No way. And he fucked you?"

Allie nodded. "I lost my panties, too."

Erin squeezed her hands and both girls laughed out loud. Beside them, another girl was standing with her back to them, talking with two other girls. They stopped laughing when they heard part of their conversation.

"Can you believe it? I bet that slut didn't even know that guy," she said, and the other two girls shook their heads.

On Monday morning, Allie was late arriving to her debate class. All through the competition preparation, she had trouble focusing her concentration. The mock debates breezed by, and she hardly noticed.

At the end of class, she was packing her books into her backpack. She had a grin on her face that would not go away, even when Suzette, the teacher's assistant, walked over to her desk, shaking her head.

"Allie, I'm so sorry you didn't make the debate team. What happened? You were so well prepared," she said.

Allie let out a sigh. She felt like she could float away.

"I don't know. I went to this really wild party, and there was this really loud band, and so many cute guys. I guess I was just distracted."

Suzette had a frown on her face.

"I could never go to one of those wild frat parties."

"Why not?" Allie said.

She zipped up the backpack and slung the strap over her shoulder. Suzette leaned closer and lowered her voice.

"My girlfriend? She was at that party with her boyfriend, and he's from out of town? She said that people were doing it right in the bathroom. Can you believe it?" she said.

Allie made a horrified look on her face, and covered her open mouth with her hand.

"Oh my God. No, I don't believe it," she said, and tried not to laugh.

Suzette nodded, looking straight into her eyes.

"She said she and her boyfriend witnessed a girl having sex with a professor, right in the bathroom."

"Oh my God. He was a professor?" Allie said out loud.

She repeated it in her head. He was a professor? How could she find out what class he taught?

Suzette was nodding. The look in her eyes was grave.

"Now she's afraid he wants to break up with her because she goes to a school with such low morals. Can you believe that?" she said.

Allie grinned.

"Give her my phone number. Tell her to have him give me a call. I'll see if I can change his mind about morals," she said, and walked out of the classroom.

She walked with her head up and it felt like her feet barely touched the ground. Now all she had to do was find out what class he taught. She was going to have to change her major to faculty anatomy.

End.