 It was almost ten o'clock at night. Allie Miller took off her glasses and rubbed her eyes, and looked at the alarm clock on the stand by her bed. Was that right? Had she been studying for seven hours? She needed a break.

She padded across the small dorm room in her fluffy pink bunny slippers to the small refrigerator and got a cold bottle of water. She twisted the top off and took a drink. She went back to the arm chair in front of her bed, past Erin's bed. Her roommate had been out all day. Where could she have to go if she wasn't going to classes? And her bed was trashed. Was she ever going to make her bed?

Allie sat down again in the chair with her text book and her notes, and put her feet up on the table. She couldn't worry about Erin. She had a mock debate coming up on Monday, and was determined to do well on it.

She looked at the blank wall by the door, and smiled. She wanted to do well for Professor Morris because he was so smart, and, well, so cute. All her life, she had assumed that college professors were all old and gray haired and frumpy. She never imagined they could be ... sexy.

She yawned. It was getting late. She was already in her sweat pants and t-shirt that said Michigan State University on the front. It was time for bed. Erin could stay out all night if she wanted, and get in trouble with her grades. She was going to get some rest. There would be time for more studying tomorrow.

She went into the bathroom to brush her teeth. When she came out, Erin was standing by her bed, tossing through her clothes.

"Erin. I didn't hear you come in," Allie said.

Erin looked up briefly.

"Hey Allie. Have you seen my purple shirt?"

"No, I haven't," Allie said, and shook her head.

She picked up her textbook and closed it, watching her roommate out of the corner of her eye. Erin was a different story. She really wanted to like her roommate, but they were so dissimilar. She was wearing tight, low jeans, and her purple shirt really showed her cleavage. But then, she went to public school, instead of being homeschooled. She was sure that was why she was so wild and out of control.

"There it is," Erin said.

She bent down beside her bed and snatched up her purple blouse from the pile of clothes collected around her bed like moss. As if she was alone in the room, she pulled off her tight green t-shirt and put on the purple blouse.

It was cut low, and showed Erin's cleavage. With her hands, she adjusted her boobs under the shirt so they showed even more.

Allie tried not to stare. Her roommate was so skinny, and had a perfect body. Her breasts were the perfect size, not oversized like her own. She wasn't heavy, just a few pounds overweight. But her boobs were just too big.

"What are you doing, Allie?" Erin said.

She sat down on the corner of her bed to touch up her lip gloss.

"I don't know. I was thinking about going to bed."

Erin turned to her with her mouth hanging open.

"Go to bed? You're kidding me, right?"

"No, I'm not. It's late," Allie said, and picked up her notebook and pen.

Erin laughed.

"It's not late. Hell, it's only ten o'clock."

"Where are you going?" Allie said.

"I'm going to a frat party. With guys. Come on. Why don't you come with me?"

"I don't know. I really should get to bed," Allie said.

"You've never been to a party with guys, have you?" Erin said.

Allie hesitated, and looked away.

"Not really."

"I can tell. Look. Why don't you just come with me? Let yourself go for once. Have some fun," Erin said.

Allie crossed her arms over her chest. There would be people there. Could she go to a strange place where people would see her?

"I don't know," she said.

Erin shrugged and stood up.

"Ok. I'll tell you all about it tomorrow."

"Wait. I'll go," Allie said.

She pushed her glasses up on her nose. Erin smiled.

"Cool. Get changed. Put on something hot," she said.

"I don't think I have anything ... hot," Allie said.

Erin paused and looked at the moat of clothes around her bed. She scooped up a blouse and held it out.

"Here. Wear this," she said.

Allie took it and held it up to her chest.

"I can't wear this. It shows too much."

Erin grinned and nodded.

"That's the point, girl. And you got a lot to show."

Allie turned her back to Erin to change into the shirt. Nothing made her more self-conscious than to know that someone was looking at her breasts.

It was a long walk to the party. They walked clear across campus, past all the other frat houses, and it was a chilly October night. The borrowed shirt had a deep V down the front that revealed much more of her breasts than she was comfortable with. Mom would never approve. She wished she had at least worn a jacket or a sweater. Now her nipples were hard, and she would have to keep her arms crossed all night so guys wouldn't stare at her chest. That was so embarrassing.

The frat house was packed with people and it was difficult to move trough the crowd. Allie stayed close to Erin. It was too easy to get lost in there, and she didn't know anyone.

There was a pounding music that shook the whole house. Allie could feel the vibration in her feet. As soon as they were in the front door, someone handed each of them a beer in a red plastic cup. She looked at the beer. She was still only eighteen. Could she get in trouble for drinking?

But it didn't seem to bother Erin. She was only a year older than her, and she was taking a big drink from her cup. Allie shrugged and took a sip. It was bitter and made her shiver. If it was good enough for Erin, though, it was good enough for her.

They stood together off to the side of the main room, sipping the beer in their red cups. All around them were cute guys, some tall, some short, some with dark hair, some with light hair. Erin had a big grin on her face. She leaned close to speak into Allie's ear, over the noise of the music.

"Isn't this cool?" Erin said.

Allie nodded. There were so many guys. Why had she never done this sooner?

Erin looked into her red plastic cup.

"Let's get some more beer," she shouted into Allie's ear.

Allie nodded again. She still had about half of her beer left. She drank it down quickly and followed Erin through the crowd.

They found a guy in another room with a keg. He refilled their cups, and Allie tried to get his attention to thank him, but the music was too loud, and he was too busy refilling other people's red plastic cups. She moved on with Erin.

They found a stairway to the basement, where people were going up and down. The music was louder there.

"Let's go down there," Erin said.

They pushed their way through the people to get down the stairs. It was dark in the basement, and even more packed with people. Against the back wall of the basement was a real bar, where people were jammed in, getting drinks. At the other end of the basement was a small stage, where a real band was cranking out very loud music.

"This is so cool," Allie shouted into Erin's ear.

"Let's go to the bar," Erin shouted.

They fought their way to the bar. Erin got another beer. Allie watched her get her cup refilled again by the cute guy behind the bar. How did she drink it so fast? Her own cup was still full, and she was getting dizzy from her first beer.

They watched the band for a while. It was too dark to see much. Allie would have liked to go back upstairs, where she would at least get to look at the cute guys, but she was too afraid to leave Erin's side.

In the middle of one of the songs, two girls climbed up on the small stage and started to strip out of their clothes. The guys all cheered and whistled. Allie felt her face get warm, and put her hand over her mouth. She should not be there to watch this.

But Erin turned and put her hand on her shoulder. She was laughing out loud like it was the funniest thing she had ever seen. Allie stared at her. How could she think this was funny?

She looked at the girls on the stage again. They had removed their shirts and jeans, and were dancing to the music in their underwear. One of the girls put her hands on her hips and thrust her backside in and out.

The other girl removed her bra and ran her hands over her bare chest. The guys in the crowd whooped and shouted. Allie could not tear her eyes away. She had never seen anything so horrifying.

But there was another feeling inside her, that made the horror of what she was seeing seem insignificant. The two girls on stage started kissing, and put their arms around each other, and were touching each other in different places. The feeling made her warm between her legs, and made her nipples tingly. She looked at the beer in her cup. How much of it was the alcohol?

She turned around and rested her elbows on the bar. Her head was spinning. She rubbed her legs together and gasped. There was no way she could deny it. She was horny.

She turned her head down and rubbed her forehead. That was her problem. She was lonely. Lonely and horny. That was a bad combination. How long had it been since she did anything with a boy? Was it that long since she fooled around with Rob in the back of his Dad's car? For all that time, she regretted letting him take her virginity, and denied that she could be horny. Right now she would have given anything to be in that backseat with him again.

"Hey Allie? You ok?" Erin said.

Allie nodded.

"Just a little dizzy."

Erin patted her shoulder.

"You're drinking your beer too fast. Just take it easy for a while and let me know when you're ready for another one," she said.

Allie shook her head. She wasn't going to be ready for more. She was going to be ready to go home.

Erin, though, was already flirting with the bartender. He was cute, and looked interested in her. Allie watched her friend. He probably had his own car. Would Erin wind up in the backseat of it with him before the night was over?

Someone was pushing against her. People had been bumping into her since they got there. It was hard to avoid being jostled and bumped with so many people pressed together. This one, though, was different. This one was pushing against her butt.

She pushed back, and something hard wedged between her butt cheeks. She gasped, and her eyes opened wide. Was that what she thought it was?

She was afraid to move, hoping that it was just her imagination. She was freaking out over nothing, she was sure. It was probably a woman's purse, or a guy with a wallet in his back pocket. No guy would be so bold to push his hard penis into a strange girl's butt in a dark room, would he?

She pushed back again. Whoever it was behind her pushed back, and se felt it again, the hard ridge that wedged between her butt cheeks. There was no way to mistake it that time. There was a strange man behind her pressing his erect penis against her butt.

Allie panted. Both of her hands were flat on the bar. Her face was flushed, and she had perspiration on her forehead. She felt warm all over. She looked back over her shoulder. All she could see was the vague outline of a tall man. It was too dark to see his face.

He pushed forward against her again. She moaned. A tingle ran up her spine. What was she going to do?

Her pulse was racing. She looked at Erin beside her, whose eyes were locked on the bartender. Couldn't she tell what was happening right there beside her?

The strange man put his hand on her hip, and she moaned again. It was hard to deny, though, that his hard penis felt good right where it was. Should she let him keep it there? What if he expected more from her?

She leaned over to her roommate.

"Erin? I think the guy behind me wants to ... have sex with me."

Erin stared at her. "No way."

"I think so," Allie said, and nodded.

Erin looked back, but if she could see anything more about the strange guy, she couldn't tell.

"Go for it," Erin said, with a big grin.

Allie just stared at her. How did she know she was going to say that?

She was breathing hard. Her fingers clawed at the far edge of the bar. She held her breath. This was the craziest thing she had ever done. What would Mom think if she knew she was trying to entice a complete stranger to have sex with her?

She looked at the beer in the red cup on the bar in front of her, and at her friend Erin, who was engrossed once again in the bartender. She grinned. It was a smug grin. It was time to stop worrying about what Mom would think. It was time to stop behaving the way she thought Mom expected her to behave. It was time to be like Erin, a little wild and out of control.

She pushed her butt back again and wiggled it a little side to side. Both of his hands squeezed her hips and pulled her back. The ridge of his erection pushed deeper into the groove between her butt cheeks. She gasped. That was all it took.

He rocked her back and forth. His hard bulge rubbed along her pussy, where she was warm and wet. She moaned softly, and lowered her head to the bar. His strong hands were squeezing the soft flesh of her hips, holding her up, moving her back and forth. It was a good thing. Her knees felt weak, and she was sure she would fall down if he let go.

He must have known about some place they could go. Maybe there was a bedroom upstairs, or maybe he had a car with a big backseat. But before she could turn around to ask, his hands reached around her waist and popped open the button of her jeans.

"Oh my God," she said out loud.

But the music was too loud for Erin or anyone to hear.

His fingers pulled down her zipper. She reached down to stop him, but he pushed her hands away. He yanked the back of her jeans down. She felt a cool breeze between her legs. Was she really that wet down there?

His hand slipped down the back of her panties, and his finger rubbed her slit. Allie moaned and bit her lower lip. His finger touched her most sensitive spot and her back arched. That was it. She gave in. He could do anything he wanted to her.

He pulled her panties down to the middle of her thighs. Was that a tear? Did she feel them rip? Was he going to be rough with her? The thought made her shiver. She couldn't wait.

For a long time, there was nothing, as if he had left her like that with her jeans pulled down. What was he doing? Had he split and left her like that?

She was just about to turn around to find out what was keeping him when she felt a warm, hard penis pressed against her butt. She flinched and let out a yelp. She looked around. There were so many people pushed up against them, jostling them and moving to the music that no one could see anything.

The hard penis was poking her butt, like it was trying to find its home. Allie snickered. At the moment, she didn't care if she was up on that stage, bent over with her jeans down and a stranger about to have sex with her, where everyone could see them. She just wanted him to do it to her.

His rough fingers pulled the lips of her pussy open. She winced. Finally, the head of his penis pushed between her wet lips. Allie lifted her head and gasped. It was so hot and so ... thick.

The bartender grinned at her. Allie blinked. Did he know what was happening to her? She looked at Erin. She was grinning at her, too.

The guy behind her pushed his penis in slowly. Allie gritted her teeth and whimpered. Her whole body shook. She was having an orgasm, but so soon? She didn't know that was possible.

It pushed deep inside her, deeper than she would have believed a penis could go. The stranger's hands held her bare hips, and rocked her back and forth.

She lowered her head and moaned, although she couldn't hear it. The gentle rocking motion was hypnotic. The deafening music and the bright flashing lights on the stage became a blur. All of her senses focused on the thick, hot penis that stretched her open and probed deep into her body.

Allie was panting, and moaning out loud through her open mouth. Her nipples and her big boobs brushed the top of the bar every time she rocked back and forth.

The rough hands squeezed her hard. His hips slammed against her butt, and she felt a warm fluid shooting into her womb. Her eyes snapped open.

"Oh my God," she said, and she orgasmed again.

Her back arched and her head turned up. Her body spasmed over and over, like someone was touching a live electric wire to her toes, and the jolts shot through her body over and over, all the way to the top of her head.

The intense waves of pleasure hadn't finished rolling through her body when the stranger pulled his penis back out. Her head dropped to her folded arms on the bar. Her whole body went limp, and she would have fallen to the floor if Erin hadn't grabbed her arm.

"Allie? Are you all right?" she said.

Allie nodded and brushed her long, dark hair out of her eyes. She pushed her glasses up on her nose.

"I'm great," she said, and smiled at Erin.

She was trembling. It took a minute to calm down. She bent down and pulled up her jeans and panties before another strange guy decided her bare butt was an invitation for him to insert his hard penis.

That thought made her flush, and she touched her hand to her bare chest, where the open shirt exposed her cleavage. What if she had a room full of guys, lined up, waiting to insert their hard penises and do it to her, have sex with her from behind? The idea sent a chill down her spine. Could she make that come true?