 You need to read "A Business Affair" to get the background on this story.

After they arrived back home from their business trip Mark & Tina agreed to keep their relationship platonic. This was more Tina's decision but as Mark didn't want to lose her as a friend & business partner he went along with it - besides at least this way there may still be a chance between them further down the track.

Months passed since the last business trip, although it was always in the back of their minds, but it was long over and never spoken of. Mark attempted to broach the subject on many occasions but was always shut down by Tina. Mark had reluctantly began to face the facts that their previous trip was nothing but a once off, albeit a great sexual escapade.

It was late one Friday night in winter at the office & they had been working on a huge proposal for one of their biggest clients. Knowing that they would have to spend the whole weekend to complete this proposal, Mark suggested to Tina that they call it a night & meet at his house tomorrow morning at 9am to get a full day in. That night all Mark could think about was Tina's tight little body & he couldn't get out of his mind every detail of his last business trip with her and the mind blowing sex they had both enjoyed... He could think of nothing else but how good it was being inside her. He decided that tomorrow he is going to make his final move & if she turns him down again he will force himself to get over her forever.

Tina arrives on time at 9am & they get straight into the huge amount of work that waiting for them. The day passes quickly & before they know it it's dinner time. Mark orders Chinese & opens a bottle of wine. Over dinner they eat & chat and before they know it they are on their third bottle of plonk & the work has been pushed to the side. Tina told Mark that her husband was out of town so he wouldn't worry if she didn't come home that night and seeing she'd had too much to drink would he mind if she stayed the night. Mark saw this as his chance and suggested they have a spa to relax and de-stress after a very busy day.

The night air was chilly but the spa was very hot so it was nice just sitting and talking. Tina laid back with her eyes shut and murmured that it would be nice to have a shoulder massage at the same time the jets were positioned in other places on her body. Mark told her to come over to him and sit between his legs and he would do it for her. Whether it was the alcohol or just the relaxed mood she was in she agreed and as she moved over to him she thought about the days they shared & smiled to herself. As she sat back and made herself comfortable leaned back against Mark, she noticed that one of the jets was pointing straight at her pussy & it was getting her quite aroused but she didn't move or mention it to Mark.

Mark started rubbing Tina's shoulders and as he did he casually but purposefully let her straps slip down her arms. He could see her breasts just below the water line her nipples still covered by her hot pink bikini but barely. His already hard cock grew even bigger and he could feel it putting pressure on her back. "I think you are getting more enjoyment out of this than I am" Tina said. "I think you are right" Mark whispered and brushed his lips against her ear. She pushed back against him and he took it as his cue to make his move. He un-clasped her top and moved his hands around to take its place on her breasts. Tina didn't react at all, so Mark began to gently twist her nipples between his fingers, and that caused Tina to moan in pleasure and she turned her head to kiss him.

With one hand still teasing her erect nipples the other moved down to her pussy. He gently used his fingers to trace the outline of her pussy lips through the thin pink fabric. After teasing her like this for about 5 minutes, he slid his hand into her bikini bottoms and to his surprise and pleasure her pussy was completely shaved. Unbeknown to Tina, this was one thing that really turned Mark on. Sensing his approval she said "I heard that a completely shaved pussy makes for a more intense orgasm, I did it this morning so I think we should prove the theory." Mark was in heaven, not only did he have her exactly where he wanted her, he knew that it wasn't just the alcohol talking - Tina wanted this to happen too and it seemed had almost planned it.

Rubbing her clit and sliding his fingers up and down her lips he could feel her juices flowing. He could also feel the pressure of the jet against his hand and said to her "We are a naughty girl aren't we?" Nodding Tina stood up, removed her bikini bottoms, turned and straddled Mark. The jet was now shooting directly between her tight arse cheeks and she could feel her first orgasm building. She forced her tit into Marks mouth and he nibbled and sucked her nipple while she played with her clit until the orgasm racked through her body.

All this was too much for Mark to bear - he had been waiting for this for months and just watching her pleasure herself he felt the cum building in his aching balls. He quickly removed his shorts and sat Tina on top of his throbbing cock. It slid in easily and he could easily feel the heat of her pussy over the temperature of the water. She moved up and down faster & faster and as she screamed "I'm cumming" he shot his load deep into her. 

Their movements slowed and she collapsed onto him. "My god Mark" she breathed, "I have been wanting this for months". Mark had to ask the burning question "but what happens now?" "I leave my husband but before that," she said with a twinkle in her eye "I think you need to show me what you can do with your tongue". Laughing Mark lifted her to the edge of the spa & knelt before her. He started at her mouth & ran down her body until he reached her bare pussy. He could still taste his cum dripping from her slit but he didn't care. He slowly licked up & down her pussy lips tickling her clit as he reached the top & her anus at the bottom. She wiggled around pushing herself against him but he wasn't going to give in to her quickly. He remembered reading somewhere that tracing the letters of the alphabet with your tongue put a woman into ecstasy so he started with A and by the time he had reached J she was cumming once again. All of this was causing Mark's cock to stiffen up again, but he resisted the temptation to fuck her again right now and let her finish her orgasm purely with his tongue lapped at her pussy...

They got out of the spa and dried off and Mark suggested they should return to the Master bedroom where he had a few surprises for her... Tina's only comment was "Really!!" but couldn't wipe the mischievous grin from her face...

to be continued... if feedback is good.