 Pt. II: Slippery When Wet

It had been a week since Monica and I had consummated our secret love, a week filled with acts of unspeakable sexual pleasure. It had nearly killed me, and Mr. Happy was starting to wear from the friction of her pussy and the constant bath of saliva and sweet, vanilla come that Monica had given me. My legs needed a rest and Happy was in need of some Vaseline Intensive Care lotion.

I still had not come directly on Monica's face, so I decided that it was time to cover her lips and cheeks with my liquid love. This would be no easy feat, as she seemed to dislike the "money shots" in a porn film we had watched. It appeared my perverted vixen had a sexual weakness after all, and I took it upon myself to cure her of her misplaced seminal anxiety.

That night, I tried to get her into the mood with a sensual massage and a heavy amount of pussy licking and clit sucking, after which she sucked my cock with fervor. When I attempted to pull out of her mouth to soak her face, she grated my head with her teeth and pulled me back in. "You know I don't want you to do that!", She sensually growled, come dribbling out of her mouth. She forced the point painfully, biting my tongue as I tried to force myself into her mouth and retrieve my special treat of salty treasure. It was days before she sucked me again, even then allowing me to come only on her perfect breasts, and not her virgin face. "Well, at least this time she didn't bite" I reminded my self, trying to assuage my disappointment with her insensitive show of sexual modesty.

The following day, I realized that it was time to really please her, else I might never see her face covered with come again, unless she wanted to return to the heady days of "the cup", something I would never object to, of course, but it no longer held the same thrill it did the first night we shared our love. I went to the store to buy candles, several towels, and a side trip to the local adult store for a bottle of massage oil.

Arriving home, I put her favorite McLachlan CD on, lit the candles and laying the towels out on the floor. A few minutes later, Monica arrived to find me waiting at the side of the tub, readying it for the night.

I stripped the sweaty clothes off of her perfect body, invited her into the tub and scrubbed her beautiful breasts, then moving down to her legs and ass, working the almond oil into her ivory skin and massaging her tense muscles. I then worked up her back, stopping again at her perky tits, rubbing the oil into them and pinching her nipples, hardening the soft pink knobs into stony pleasure buttons, grazing them lightly until I moved to her face and caressed the curve of her cheeks, kissed her eyelids, and brushed her eyebrows with my tongue, causing her to start and then breathe deeply. Totally relaxed, I knew that she would now let me orgasm unencumbered. I shifted one hand down to her breasts, the other plugging the drain on the tub and tickling her toes to awaken her from her rapturous bliss. Removing my hand from her breast, I reached behind me for the towels and turned on the hot water. Placing towels under her head and back I told her to lay back and move her waiting cunt to the to the warm stream at her feet. She obliged and positioned herself so that her lips were directly beneath the persistent flow.

Placing towels at her side, I joined her in the tub; kneeling above her face and advancing my still soft cock. Reaching back, I separated the folds of her velvety pussy and discovered her clit, still in it's sheath, but quite hard. I teased it with my fingertips enough to advance it into the water and introduce Monica to a new level of pleasure. The feeling of the water on her clit caused her eyes to open with a gasp, seeing my now hardening cock dangling in front of her lips. She tried to take me into her mouth, but I withdrew, resisting her velvet tongue and whispering that she could not touch me tonight, only I her, and with this, began stroking my cock in front of her face.

She would have resisted my obvious intention, but the persistent pressure of the water against her clitoris begged her to stay. As she came upon her fourth orgasm, my cock began to swell, my come ready for her angel face. At hearing my moaning, she opened her mouth in anticipation, waiting to swallow my come. I stroked her face with my free hand and closed her eager mouth just in time to withdraw my hand and shower her face with a river of hot come.

She shrieked at the realization that I had come on her face, but a fifth orgasm hit her in waves, removing from her any remaining hint of sexual prudery.