 I know that when I'm this drunk by 9pm, it's going to be an adventure of a night. I'm already laughing uncontrollably, my back sliding down the wall as I try to explain to my partner in drinking crime, Ryan, how I'd caught our prof with his nametag upside down at the awards ceremony. Ryan pulls out another bottle of wine, and takes a healthy swig. I grab the bottle and copy him. Yeah, we work hard, but we know how to play.

We catch up with our pub crawl team at a dirty little bar in Quebec. It's recently been opened, and still has construction material everywhere. I grab a roll of carpet and dance with it, while the bouncer politely tries to take it away. Like I said, drunk, but so is everyone else.

I'm blaming the night's events on whoever's idea it was to have the pub crawl finals be a pitcher chugging contest. Our team had to finish ten in the time that the rookie team, twice as big, finished eight. And we did it, and now I am completely gone.

I get gutsy and quite horny when I drink. I saw my target... a first-year, but a very sexy one. He's got downy wavy brown hair, bright blue eyes, and a killer smile. He's maybe only three inches taller than me, but he's got broad shoulders and a muscular chest and arms. I walked over to him and started chatting him up. I don't even know what I said, but I know that we were dancing soon after. 

I'm a terrible dancer, but when I get like this, it doesn't matter. We were all over each other. I could feel him pressing his crotch against my hip, and I pressed back. I doubt we even talked, but we were soon making out in the middle of the dance floor. His breath smelled like smoke, and he liked to sing the words to the DJ's songs into my ear. He had a deep, suggestive voice, which, combined with the already-dirty lyrics of the club music, were driving me wild. He'd whisper "smack that" in my ear, and grab my butt playfully with a free hand. Then he'd kiss my neck, starting along my collarbone and working his way up to my ear. He'd breathe heavily in my ear, and use his tongue to tickle my earlobe and then slide back down my neck. I love the confidence of these French guys, to have the nerve to be all over a girl several years older than them in the middle of a bar. 

I play back. I nibble lightly at his collarbone, then suck a little until I feel him react to push me away, afraid I'll leave a mark. I look up into his eyes, and smile my naughty smile that screams "I'm going to do it again." I run my hand up his spine from his lower back all the way up his neck, and I run my fingers through his soft hair. Then I make my attack, pulling his face towards mine and plunging my tongue into his mouth for a second. 

Kissing can be so teasing. I kiss him hard for a couple seconds with my tongue, then pull back and bit to grab his lower lip between my teeth and my lower lip. I drape one arm around his neck, and let the other hand slide down his side to his hip where I dig my fingers into his ass cheek. I know I have powerful hands, and I love to use them. I'll grab a bundle of muscles for a second and breathe hard in his ear, letting him know how intensely I want him. Then I'll release him and find a new spot to torture. 

We are getting way too intense for the dance floor, so he leads me upstairs around a corner in a deserted hallway leading to the fire exit. I push him into the corner, pressing my full body against his. I can feel his hardness against my stomach, and my breasts are mashed against his chest. I take both his hands and hold them forcefully at his sides. Then I assault his mouth with mine. 

I release one of his hands and dig mine into his shoulder. He slides his free hand under my shirt and onto my hip bones and traces a finger along my waistline. It tickles, and I squirm but manage to keep up ravaging his mouth and neck with my lips. His hand creeps up my flat stomach and onto my breast. I gasp as he sneaks under my bra and cups my boob in his warm palm. He's encouraged, and pinches my nipple between his thumb and forefinger. I push my hips harder against his, making sure to rub against his crotch. 

In one swift move, he lifts me from under my butt and swings me into the corner so that I'm pressed against the wall. I wrap my legs around him, and hold tightly to his shoulders as he pins me against the wall. The kisses turn to light and quick and teasing, and we both giggle as we explore each other's faces with our lips and tongues. I wriggle my hips so that he can feel how warm my pussy is through my jeans as I press against his stomach.

He lets me down from the wall and pulls me down the hallway, back towards the bar. Before we get to the stairway though, he makes a left turn and we sneak into the boys' bathroom. Luckily there's no one waiting around it to see us. We tumble into a stall and lock the door. He drops the lid down, and sits on the toilet. I perch myself playfully on his lap, straddling him. We make out again, but this time there're no inhibitions below the waist.

I undo his belt buckle in a matter of seconds, and pull his penis out of his boxers. He's incredibly hard, which is pretty impressive after all of the beer we've had. I form a ring around the base with my thumb and forefinger, and slowly milk him up and down, all the while kissing him. He gets my button undone with one hand, and slides his hand down the front of my pants. He presses two fingers against my crease, and rubs back and forth a few times. 

"You're so wet," he growls in my ear in that sexy French accent. 

Then he plunges his two fingers as far as they'll go into my pussy. I can feel him curl his fingers inside me, putting pressure against the top wall of my vagina. His palm grinds against my clit, and I groan into his ear.

"Is it good for you?" He asks.

I reply with another moan into his ear, followed by wet kisses down his neck. We're so sloppy and so hot. We play our free hands and our mouths all over each other, while he fingers me and I jack him off. I can feel him getting harder and harder in my hand. His head is swelling, and the shaft is so solid I wouldn't know it was skin except for how smooth and soft it is. I know he's about to cum, and I quicken up my pace and focus on his head. I breathe deeply and heavily into his ear, and whisper "I'm going to make you cum."

His hand pulls from my vagina, and he tries to back away from me as he orgasms, trying not to get any of his seed on his pants and mine. I keep jacking him and my hand gets covered in his warm sticky cum. I look at his face, his eyes partially closed and glazed over and his head back as he revels in his orgasm. I grin. I've always thought Quebec bars are so dirty, and here I am, helping to contribute to the notorious reputation and loving it.

The door to the bathroom opens, and I can here a couple of people coming in. They're stumbling and yelling, and are quite drunk. One pushes on the door to our stall, and finding it locked, looks to see if there're feet under the door.

"Oh man, there're two people in there!" he yells to his friend. 

Gabriel and I both look at each other and grin sheepishly. We're so busted. I jump up and frantically do up my pants. He grabs a bunch of toilet paper and tries to get most of the mess off of his front. We're escaping out of the stall door ten seconds later, laughing the whole way as the drunk guys gawk. 

He pecks me quickly on the mouth in the hallway, and then we part to go find our respective groups of friends. I find Ryan macking with some girl on the dance floor, and "accidentally" bump into him as I go by to take a seat at the perimeter tables. 

"Where'd you get off to?" He asks. 

I smiled deliciously at his pun. "Oh, I was just talking with Justin, Steph, and Gabriel upstairs for a while. I see you're having a good night though."

He gives me the thumbs up, and turns back to the girl. I'll wait here for another few minutes, then catch the next shuttle bus home. My head is whirling, chastising myself for being so drunk as to allow myself to fool around in a bar bathroom, but loving how intensely erotic it was.