 The following story is true and although I do feel a twinge of guilt about the whole thing I would not trade the memory of this experience for anything.

Let me begin by informing you that my favorite hobby is massage. I started giving my wife massages many years ago and about two years ago started doing massage for some of my co-workers, just neck and shoulder of course, and soon the word was out that Rob gives great massage! It has been a lot of fun and although I am told I am great at it I don't charge people because I am not a licensed massage practitioner. Besides that would take some of the fun out of it and for me it is just a hobby. 

Over time many of my massage recipients have requested I do a full body massage and I have always been happy to comply. On a few of these occasions things went past the norm of massage and entered into the intimate zone. I have always allowed this so long as the female seems to coax me along. Up until last week I had never done more than finger these ladies to climax and on one occasion I actually performed oral for a lady. All three of these ladies were married and all were a little bit ashamed after the experience however two of them came back for repeat performances! All three were also friends of my wife who knows nothing about the fact that sexual play has become a part of my massage work with certain customers.

Anyway now to the story at hand. My wife and I are both in our 30s and she is captain of a church softball team. We had a mutual friend at the church, Sally Morris, who my wife got to know through a bible study she was teaching. Sally is 22 years old and a very curvy yet very conservative young lady. She is about 5'5", has brown hair and eyes and her measurements are 36-24-38. 

Her narrow waist blossoms into a very pronounced full bottom and her thighs are soft and creamy with not a blemish or flaw to be found. While my wife was teaching the bible study a couple of years ago she got to know Sally very well because Sally was having some difficulties with balancing the needs of her boyfriend and living a pure life in the name of god. Sally had confided in her that although she had never let her boyfriend do more than kiss her, a couple of weeks ago they were laying side by side on the couch watching a movie and while kissing her he had placed his hand on her breast outside of her sweater. 

She had allowed him to continue the rubbing as he lay behind her and soon he was pushing his pelvic region into her denim clad bottom. She knew this was wrong and turned to tell him to stop but it was too late. Just as she told him they had to get up he started shaking. She said she had tried to get up but he put his other hand around her and was now squeezing both of her breasts savagely as hips bucked into her bottom. She could feel his huge penis through the back of her pants and through the thin material of his dockers. 

Again she tried to get up but he held her full breasts tight and told her how much he loved her and that he couldn't stop. And then it happened. A deep moan came from his chest and penis began to spasm. She could feel the pulsing of his member as thick jets of warm cum filled his pants. Jet after jet of hot gooey cum. It seemed to Sally that it lasted forever. Finally with one last thrust he seemed to calm down. It had happened, he had cum on Sally Morris. There was a big spot leaking through the front of his pants, he was embarrassed and Sally was crying. 

Anyhow Sally was absolutely mortified by the experience and eventually confided in my wife. It was all my wife could do to keep from laughing but she eventually assured Sally that these things happen and she does not need to feel guilty about it. That was two weeks after the incident and Sally rekindled with her boyfriend with the understanding that there would be nothing more than light kissing until they were actually married. My wife was terribly amused by this but we figured its her life, if she feels that strongly about it than its probably best if she waits. We were just shocked that some people are actually that conservative. My wife was a virgin when we got married but she had given many a handjob and was crazy about sixty-nine.

A few months later Sally Morris and her boyfriend stopped by the house. Sally was beaming ear to ear as she showed us a rather impressive engagement ring. They had set a date for the end of the summer and were both very excited. Sally had said the only bad part was that her fiancé would be gone for the next seven weeks as he was a commercial fisherman and the season was about to begin. It would be well worth it though because he would make a lot of money (over $30,000) for just seven weeks of work. They would buy a home when he returned and settle into married life. My wife said she understood and asked Sally if she would like to play on her summer softball team to keep her mind off of her fiancé while he was gone. Sally finally agreed to give it a try but told my wife that she wasn't much of an athlete and had pulled a muscle in her leg when she had turned out for soccer in high school. It had taken a couple of months to heal and it had left her with a bad taste for athletics in general.

As the summer began, Sally's fiancé left town for his boat and the softball season got underway. Of all things to happen Sally went out and pulled a muscle in her leg. The same muscle she had pulled a few years ago in high school. She went to the doctor who assured her it was just a pull but recommended ice and possibly massage therapy. When she told my wife she couldn't afford a massage therapist my wife was of course quick to recommend my services. Sally was delighted and I assured her that although I was not a professional I would be able to help her feel better. We set an appointment for Saturday morning at 9, my wife would be at a Church function but I would be home so come on over. 

When Sally arrived that morning she was wearing a white t-shirt that said Jesus Saves on it and a pair of black spandex shorts that swelled around her full bottom. I advised her to come with me and I opened the door to the stairs and ushered her up to our spare bedroom where the massage table was. As Sally walked up the stairs in front of me I couldn't help but stare at the two swells of her bottom pumping up and down as she walked. I felt a twinge in my groin but I quickly pushed the nasty thoughts out of my mind. 

As we entered the massage room I told Sally to remove her shorts and lie face down on the table. She gave me a funny look and I assured her that in order to administer a massage clothing must be removed. She hesitated and so I said just relax hon, remove your shorts because we will be working on your upper thigh. You are welcome to keep your underpants on if it makes you more comfortable. Finally she agreed but was mousy about it and seemed very nervous. I asked her to lie face down on the table. My eyes were instantly drawn to the swell of her ass hidden now only behind the conservative 1950's style light blue panties she had on.

As I began the massage I attempted to make small talk in hopes of relaxing her just a bit. Soon we had a casual conversation going on about her life and her fiancé and all the wonderful things that lie ahead for them. Throughout the conversation I was massaging the backs of legs with deep firm methodical strokes. I felt Sally's body relax and I continued my massage. After 30 minutes or so of this technique I got a little bolder and began to massage up higher and higher until I was massaging Sally's ass on each upward stroke. 

Sally was a little alarmed and turned and asked me if I was supposed to be doing that. I laughed in a carefree manner and assured her that in order to properly treat a pulled muscle we have to work not only the subject muscle but the attached muscles as well which in this case included her fanny. 

"In fact Sally," I said, "I am going to need you to remove those briefs now." Sally instantly turned red and said she couldn't do that. At this point I put a rather cross tone in my voice and told her to remove them right now. Sally hesitated and said she needed to go now. I very quickly responded in a sharp tone that she needed to lower her panties and get back on the table or the effects of the massage would not work. I assured her that we were both adults and she needn't be fearful of me. 

She finally agreed but was back to her nervous state so the process started over. Small talk, relax, back to massage. I now had full access to Sally's beautiful rear and could hardly contain the swelling in the front of my pants. As I pushed her cheeks upward they would separate giving me a peek at her hairy brown crinkle and a glimpse down to the thick hairy lips of her unused pussy. 

I continued my stroking motion and continued to get bolder and bolder and then eventually crossed the barrier and let the palm of my hand drop down and press against Sally's vagina. Sally turned around in shock and I ordered her to "stay still we have to apply the correct pressure to the pelvic region or the massage work wont be effective." I then coated my hand with KY jelly and continued to massage her pussy. My technique had worked! Sally's pussy began to moisten. 

I asked her to turn over on her back and finally she agreed. She was teary eyed and asked me if this was really supposed to be part of the massage. I assured her it was and asked her again to calm down. As Sally lie on her back I ordered her to bring her knees up and lightly spread her smooth plump thighs because I would need full access to her pelvic region. She hesitated and then wiping a tear from her eye she finally cooperated. As her legs opened the smell of female arousal became very strong in the air and I began to massage Sally Morris's cunt.

Sally Morris was getting her cunt rubbed! As I continued with my administrations the inevitable happened and Sally's hips began to rise up of the table. Her vagina seemed to open and was now fully lubricated. She asked me how much longer this was going to take and I told her not to worry just relax. She said she felt funny and didn't know that massage would be like this. I continued the massage, eventually working one finger into the tight hairy cunt of the young, innocent Christian girl and then it happened. Sally Morris began to moan. Her thighs clamped around my hand her bottom lifted off the table. 

OOOOhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... AAAhhhhhhhhhhhh... ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh Sally continued to moan and shook for almost two full minutes. When she was done she opened her eyes and I asked her if she felt better now. Did the massage relieve some pressure down there? Sally was in tears and shaking but she managed to say yes, she thought the massage made her feel very good. The room was now filled with the scent of her excited pussy and as I pulled my hand away from her cunt I was absolutely amazed at the amount of liquid this little lady had generated. Her legs were soaked all the way down to the knees with pussy juice and the sheet on the bed was soaked as well with juice trickling down over her hairy asshole.

At this point I unbuttoned my pants and quickly dropped them and my underwear. I figured things had gone this far and I was not about to stop now. My boner throbbed. Nine inches of solid boner needed relief. I moved up in between Sally's knees and the smell was almost too much for me. I ordered Sally to open her legs and she refused but I soon coaxed them open. 

She asked if this was supposed to happen and how it would be looked at in the eyes of god. I told her that god had meant it to be or he would not have brought us together. She then said that she wanted to go home, that she was scared she began to struggle. I then leaned up and placed the tip of my penis at her entrance and pinned her legs up to stop her from struggling. With one deep push I was up into the tightest slipperiest cunt I have ever experienced. 

Sally was crying NO NO NOOOOO stop!! stop...... and then her cries seemed to turn to a more soothing ooooohhhhhhhhh...... ahhhhhhhhha ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh OOOOOOhhhhhhhhh her big bottom was bouncing of the bed now, her legs tightly gripping my back. Over and over and over she came. her big tits shaking underneath her t-shirt and her pussy, motored by her healthy hips pumping and pumping for all she was worth. 

We fucked for a solid hour and then it hit me. I told her to hold on cuz im gonna cum way up your pussy and then reached my hands under her ass held on for all I was worth. As I began to shoot load after load after load of my boiling cum way up into her cunt I stuck the tip of my finger into her gooey brown nether hole and it pushed her over the edge for one last orgasm. We lay perfectly still for about fifteen minutes with my penis still deeply lodged into her crack. As I was about to get up I felt a stirring again and realized my penis was cumming back to life. 

Soon I was pumping into this Victorian beauty queen again and she having yet another orgasm (probably her 6th or 7th). As I felt the cum rise in my balls this time I withdrew my penis and brought it up to her face. She asked what I was doing and I grabbed her hand and placed it around my pulsating cock. She instinctively knew that she had to pump and she quickly got into action. When the first hot jet of cum splashed across her face she seemed to flinch but then seemed to actually enjoy it as I splashed my full load onto the pretty girls face. When I was done she took my penis in her hand and rubbed it all over her face and then did something I will never forget. Opening her lips she scooped a big glob of cum into her mouth and then kind of giggled and said she just wanted to see how it would taste. She took in another big glob and swallowed. 

Sally left the house about 12:30 and had been thoroughly fucked for over two hours. She and her fiancé are getting married next week. She did stop by the house the other day when my wife was gone and asked me if I had told anyone what we had done and I assured her I had not. She asked me to promise from deep deep in my heart that I would never tell a sole. She said she had never been with anyone intimately and if her fiancé ever found out he would be furious and never marry her. 

I told her I would never say a word but I asked her if she could do me a favor in return. She said ok so long as I swore I would never tell anyone about our secret day. I agreed and then I told her what I wanted. One last blowjob. She was taken aback by my request but finally agreed to do it. Her head bobbed up and down like a machine while she held my penis with her hand. 30 minutes of nonstop bobbing up and down until I could hold out no longer began to shoot into her mouth. She swallowed hard but I hadn't had sex for about ten days so there was to much for her. Several big globs ran out of her mouth and down her neck all over her pretty sweater. 

I hugged Sally goodbye and told her how much I wished her luck with her new life and husband. She smiled and walked away. As I watched her from the window I saw her in her car. She didn't know I was watching and her hand dropped down to her sweater to clean off a glob of jism that we had somehow missed. As she scraped it off with her finger I expected her to wipe it onto a tissue or something but instead she brought it to her nose, smelled it and then put it in her mouth. Sally then started her car and drove off. It will be fun to go to her wedding next week and think of the nasty things I did with the naive little Christian girl.

Did you like my story? I hope so. Please email me your feedback, comments or just to chat.