 AN: I do appreciate honest feedback and votes, so please do after you finish reading! Enjoy!

*

We were running through the house like little children, and Archie still hadn't caught me yet. I would've expected a football player to catch me by now, but I liked this!

"C'mon Archie, I know you can catch me!" I said, panting as I weaved around a table. I could hear him breathing hard behind me.

"Don't worry, I'll get you!" he panted. The whole reason that we're running around is because I told him that if he could catch me, then we could release some tension. Otherwise, we'd cuddle for the rest of the night. Though I wanted him to catch me, in the end, I proved too fast for him. I fell onto the bed, laughing to myself. In just a minute or so, I'd have to look at the awfully teased look on his face and taunt a little more. I gave him a naughty smile as he walked into the room. I took in my boyfriend's amazing features, loving every part of him. 

His dark brown hair was mildly spiked, some of it stuck to the light sweat on his brow. Those sexy milky blue eyes, though full of need right now made me fall in love over and over again. His body was not hugely muscled, but toned just right, which was perfect for all the times I just wanted to hold him. Wearing a dark blue nameless jersey and some shorts, I pretty much wanted to tackle him right now. But I wasn't giving in, not just for the inevitable to happen. I wanted him to break me down! 

His face was full of frustration as he plopped down on the bed, next to me. Facing towards me and propping himself up on his elbows, he gave me a shocked look. "Where'd you learn to run so damn fast?"

I grinned. "Its just adrenaline. Too bad you didn't win...even with home field advantage! And I was so turned on by you chasing me..." I continued. I then pouted, giving off some tease that would make him try more to get at me. Of course, tonight, he was not going to let me leave without being fucked. But who said I would voluntarily leave without being fucked anyway? He picked up on my pouting face, giving me a somewhat sympathetic glance.

"Oh come on baby, I was too...I still am..." he convinced, putting his arm around me, trying to kiss my lips. But my torture kink was still activated. I pushed him off and got up, almost wanting to laugh at his exasperated sigh.

"Sorry babe, fair is fair. I'll be in the other room when you're ready to cuddle." I said, walking out. Heading to the living room, I sat on the couch. I know that he would be coming after me soon, so I took off my t-shirt, leaving a wife beater on. I had already taken off my panties in anticipation for the chase, and now I was soaking wet between my thighs. I could hear his footsteps approaching as I lay back on the pillows, legs spread and my skirt hiked up my slender thighs. He came up, wearing some boxers, a semi-erection, and a taunted grin. Letting out a deep groan in his throat, he gritted his teeth. I wondered just what he was imagining, giving off a soft giggle. I smirked, loving his sexy body, as I looked him up and down, biting my lip. I loved that he never gave up, and I got even wetter imagining how far I could tease him. Moving to a sitting position, he sat down next to me.

"All right baby, you won...now don't you want to celebrate?" he asked, breathing hard. I shook my head; I was not falling into those puppy eyes that he gave me, nor that rich, sexy voice that usually got him what he wanted, and I was definitely not letting him give up that easy.

"Oh Archie, waving the white flag are we? You usually don't give up this early in the game, and I liked that."

"Well, coming in here and seeing you spread out on the couch doesn't help me at all." He said, almost looking to beg me to let him ravage me right now. Nope, sorry, begging isn't going to work with me. I stood up, turning away from him to head back into the bedroom.

"Well, maybe I should put my clothes back on..." He immediately stood, pulling me backwards to him, his arms around my waist. My hands made no moves to touch him back, my arms limply against his at my sides. Hearing his irregular breaths and feeling his full erection against my back was so enticing. I liked when he began to get rough with me; it always turned out so fucking well at the end. I sighed, feeling his hands roam across my smooth stomach, continuing upward. I could feel his breaths near my ear, making the hairs on my body stand up and my skin grew goose bumps. Like magic, the thumping that had first started at the beginning of the chase turned into an almost painful throb deep inside my walls. He was a master at turning me on.

"If you even put on one piece of clothing, I will take all of your clothes off..." he said, groaning as he kissed my neck. I sighed, my eyelids heavy and my eyes rolled back, loving his sexual aggression. I loved that he liked to lick my neck and suck on my shoulder, drawing out a deep, sultry moan from my lips as I moved my head to further encourage him. I was going weak, but I wanted more aggression, so I led him on.

"See Archie, that's what I love to hear..." I moaned, feeling his hands running over my nipples, his fingers pinching and rubbing them. Taking a deep breath, I pulled his arms away and walked back into the bedroom. He followed as I walked over to my clothes, conveniently on the floor. I bent down to get my shirt. "Hmm...look what we have here, I took my shirt off. Well, I guess I gotta put it back on..." I teased, pulling the garment over my head.

"I'm warning you, don't make me..." he reminded, taking a step forward. I smirked, taking it one final step forward. This was going to do him over, and I was going to get the fucking of a lifetime. I reached over, grabbing my thong panties and held them up. I smiled, seeing that angry look on his face, and loving it as though it were a Kodak moment.

"And look at this...I took my thong off too...well, I'd better put that back on too!" I said, sliding them up my legs. I barely got them on my ass before he came up.

"I warned you. I'm going to fuck you so hard...you'll never tease me again!" he said, grabbing me; I took a mental moment to squeal with joy. He was trying to pull my thong down and I was trying to pull it up, engaging us in some strange sexual tug of war. The thin fabric quickly gave way, ripping from my thighs with a loud 'rip' and we hit the floor. I struggled with him as he pulled my skirt down, pressing his legs down on mine so that I wouldn't get away. I looked up at him, turned on by the determination in his face as he took off both of my shirts at the same time. I tried to move my arms to push him off of me, but he slapped them out of the way, growling angrily at my persistence. 

He pulled down his boxers, his livid, hard cock dripping with pre-cum. I licked my lips, looking at the massive, reddening organ; I sighed, for the immense pain and passion it was about to bring me would leave me walking funny for the next few days. And then he plowed inside of me, groaning loudly and continuing to hammer away at my pelvis with deep, rough thrusts. I wrapped my legs around him, nearly screaming as he put my arms above my head, crushing his mouth on mine. I didn't think a man on this earth could fuck me this good! I took in the scenery, noticing every muscle in his body was tight, his facial expressions unchanged from the anger, frustration and the need to teach me a lesson I'm sure I'd never forget.

"Fuck! Oh, fuck, Adam!" I screamed, my toes curling with pleasure and pain. I also didn't think that he could fuck me so good that I would scream his real name! Over and over again his cock invaded my walls, relentlessly rubbing that spot that was designed to throw me over the edge in bliss. And right now, that sensation to orgasm was on its way very fast. I whimpered in shock as he pulled out, breathing hard, my chest heaving for breaths. 

He pulled me up as he stood, pushing me on all fours onto the bed. He spread my legs wide, pressing down on my back to hold me still as he slid deep inside once more and continued beating my pussy up for all its worth. I moaned and gasped into the sheets, feeling my wetness trickle from my pussy down my thigh slowly. I began to hiss, the sensation to come making me jump off the bed a bit. It was something about being fucked from behind that made me very sensitive, and he knew that very well. I wasn't sure what was louder right now; the continuous banging of the headboard against the wall, the creaking of the bedsprings, or my cries of joy!

Ohh, oh, baby, yessss!" I muffled into the bed, unable to keep it to squeals. The sensation had become unreal, and it was time to come! Very tightly my pussy contracted around his cock, the waves of passion cutting through me like a blade, that coil breaking loose inside of me, the cup runneth over. I moaned hysterically loud, shaking in a wild fashion as my hips pushed back to him, riding out every last shock of bliss. I felt my knees trembling, my breaths heavy and jagged. I could feel his cock twitch repeatedly as he roared, shooting his hot cum fiercely inside of me and filling me up. Holding me still, he finally stopped, pulling out slowly. Still very sensitive, I shivered, now feeling the mix of our juices running down my thigh. He laid me down on the pillows, my head on his chest, as he wrapped his arms around me. 

We began to calm, our breaths starting to become normal again. I sighed annoyingly, hating that shaking sensation that resounded between my legs, but that wouldn't compare to not being able to walk much the next morning. It suddenly seemed like I could care less, relaxing into what was soon to be sleep.