 I had ushered Kendra out of my classroom and waited for Johnny to return to clean my room. He never showed. I was tired because Kendra had spent the last half hour fucking me in my chair. I left for home.

The next day after classes I was at my desk finishing some grading when Johnny came into my room, pushing the maintenance cart. I looked up and he was looking at me.

"O.K. if I clean your room now, Ms. B? You look a little tired out. Are you busy?" he asked.

"No, Johnny, I'm not busy. Yes, you may clean the room." He was still staring at me. I had a funny feeling and finally looked away, back down to the work on my desk. I could hear him move the cart, pick something up, and begin to clean the chalkboards.

He finished with the chalkboard on the opposite wall and moved to the boards on the wall alongside my desk. I could hear him rubbing the boards and tried not to appear distracted. He stopped when he got alongside my desk. I looked up. He was facing me and looking at me with a long, foam eraser in his hands. He was smiling and rubbing the eraser.

"What?" I asked nervously as I watched him stroke the eraser.

"Who was that who left after I was in here yesterday? Was that Kendra? I remember her from junior high. Was she in here when I was in here earlier?"

Busted! I could feel the embarrassment begin to rise up my face.

"Uh... No... Uh... Yes, that was her. Uh, she was doing some extra credit work," I stammered and then looked away. He didn't move.

"O.K., that's cool. What kind of work was she doing? Did she do a good job?"

I wasn't sure where this was going, but for some reason my pussy tingled. "Uh..." I struggled to come up with an answer.

"Uh, she was doing... Uh, I can't say. A student's work is private, covered by privacy laws, you know." Whew, that was some quick thinking, I thought.

"Oh, yeah. Privacy laws, huh," he replied with a slight smirk.

Then he said "Looks like the lab tables are pretty clean. Guess you crack the whip on those students making sure they clean up. Why don't you just stay there? I'm going to dust and sweep the floor, then I'll be finished."

"O.K., Johnny," I said, all of a sudden feeling so weak that I couldn't move anyway.

*****

"So, what did you think was going to happen?" my husband asked as he stood behind me with his hands on my tits. I was telling him what happened during my day at school. We both know and are comfortable with my overwhelming need to have sex and the fact that I look for and try to take advantage of every opportunity. My job as a high school teacher with eighteen year old students avails me of more opportunities than one might think. When I get home, I tell my husband what happened and we end up having sizzling sex.

We were sitting at the kitchen table when I started to tell him what happened to me that day. He got up from his chair, walked over to stand behind my chair, and grabbed my tits.

"Oh, god! That feels so -"

"Keep going. I want to know if he fucks you," he interrupted me and put his hands inside my bra.

*****

It didn't take long and pretty soon Johnny was done. He came back to my desk and stood over me.

"Alright, Ms. B. I gotta lock up. You finished there? Get your things and let's go so I can lock the door," he said in a no nonsense manner.

I was finished with my grading long ago, but was hoping he would finish and leave so I could take my lab coat off and get dressed. Like most days, I was naked under my lab coat. Now he wanted me to leave with him. Even though the room was cool, I was getting warm under my coat and was worried about slowly losing control of the situation.

"That's O.K., Johnny. I can close up. You go ahead." I tried to regain some semblance of control.

"No can do, Ms. B. Rodney said I was to lock up after I cleaned the rooms. You don't want me to get into trouble, do you? Here, stand up so I can help you take your lab coat off and you can get your things."

I got up from my desk and, avoiding him, walked toward the supply room where I had left my clothes.

"That's O.K., Johnny. I can manage." I felt things slipping away.

"No, I insist on helping," he said and reached for my lab coat.

I pulled away, hurried to the supply room, opened the door, and went in. He followed me and stood there, holding the door open.

"O.K., Ms. B. Go ahead and get your things. I'll just wait here."

"Johnny, you can't wait there," I said, sensing real trouble.

"It's O.K. I'll hold the door while you get your things. Then we can go."

I stood there not knowing what to do. I couldn't take my lab coat off with him standing there and couldn't figure out how to get him to leave and close the supply room door. He made the decision for me.

He let go of the door and walked to me. "I guess I'll just have to help you with that." I couldn't move. He stopped in front of me and started to unbutton my lab coat.

*****

"Fuck! You were trapped in that little supply room with the janitor. I suppose all you had on today was the lab coat," my husband said.

"Yeah. I was giving crotch shots to the men in the teacher's lounge during lunch time. Yes! Harder!" I said as he pinched and pulled my nipples.

"I guess it wasn't long before he was all over your tits like this." My shirt was open and he pulled my bra up over my tits. He kissed my neck as he smothered my tits with his hands.

"Oh, god! That feels sooooooo good!" I tried to reach for his cock, but he was behind me and had me pinned to the chair. I moaned out of desperation for some cock. He stopped kissing me just long enough to say "Keep going with the janitor."

*****

Two buttons undone. I could feel my cunt leaking.

"I don't mind helping, Ms. B."

Three buttons undone. His hands rubbed against my naked breasts through the lab coat. My breathing increased and was ragged with excitement and lust. I was frozen.

"Just a few more buttons, Ms. B."

Four buttons undone. My lab coat began to part exposing my nakedness.

"Uh, Ms. B..." Johnny said as he noticed I had no top on under my coat. He pulled the coat apart and my tits sprang out.

"Oh, yeah, Ms. B. Your tits... You've got nice tits." A smile crossed his face and he firmly pushed me back against the counter in the supply room. Now I could hardly breathe.

"Ms. B. Let's see what's under the rest of the lab coat." He quickly unbuttoned the remaining buttons and pulled the coat apart.

"Fuck, Ms. B. You don't have any clothes on." He held me against the counter and looked me over from my tits to my quickly gushing pussy.

"Son of a bitch," he said as he roughly grabbed my tits and started squeezing them.

*****

"I knew he'd be all over your tits," my husband said as moved around in front of me and began kissing and sucking my tits. "Fuckin', glorious tits." He pinched one nipple and bit the other one.

"The janitor's hands were large and strong," I said. "He squeezed them really hard."

"Oh, fuck, Baby!" He spit on my tits and licked them off.

"What happened then?"

*****

"Uh... Johnny," I moaned with a hoarse voice. Now I was breathing really hard. I knew he was going to fuck me.

He continued to maul my tits, pinching and pulling my nipples, sending charges through my body and further wetting my cunt.

"Ms. B. I've never seen you naked. Did you take your clothes off just for me? Did you do this knowing I was going to clean your room tonight?"

I shook my head, but could not speak. My body was fast approaching fever pitch and then he touched my shaved cunt. I moaned under his hand, spread my legs, and crouched slightly.

"Ms. B. You're soaking wet. You're just waiting to be fucked. You want to be fucked, don't you? You want me to fuck you, don't you? Well, this is your lucky day, Ms. B. I'm going to fuck you."

I had no resistance. With one hand on my tits he unsnapped his pants and pulled his shorts down over his cock. I glanced at it, red, hard, and long. He reached under my knee, pulled my leg up, and quickly impaled me with his cock, pushing me back harder against the counter. 

I closed my eyes, put my hands against the counter to steady myself, and waited to be fucked by the janitor.

"Fuck, Ms. B.," he said as he began to fuck me hard in the supply room. He pushed me back so I was leaning backwards over the counter and that pushed my cunt out toward him. He began to fuck me harder, pushing the small of my back against the edge of the counter with each stroke.

*****

"My god! That's so hot!" my husband moaned as he licked my tits and jammed his hand between my legs. "Take my cock out."

I struggled with his belt and zipper, but finally his cock sprang free. I grabbed it with both hands.

"Damn! Hurry with the story. I have to fuck you soon!"

*****

"Uh... Uh... Uh..." I groaned from the pain in my back and the pleasure in my pussy. He had a wild look in his eyes and picked up his pace, fucking me faster and faster. Pretty soon he groaned and pushed his cock in and held it. I felt him spray his cum inside me. He stroked again and held it in. I felt another spray. And again, and again.

Finally he was done. He pulled out, released my leg, and let me straighten up. I looked down at his cock. It was glistening with his cum and my juices.

"Well, Ms. B. I guess you got what you wanted. Do you want to lick my cock clean?"

"Hell, yes, I wanted to!" I thought.

"Maybe some other time, Johnny," I struggled to answer causing him to smile broadly.

"O.K. I guess I gotta go now, Ms. B. I'll leave it to you to lock up like you said. Maybe I'll get to clean your room again sometime. Then I'll fuck you again. How would you like that?"

I just nodded. He put his cock away, snapped his pants, and left the supply room. I heard him push the maintenance cart out of the room and close the door.

I stood there leaning against the counter with his cum running down my legs. I could hardly wait to get home and tell my husband about my day.

*****

"Oh, fuck! Here get up!"

I stood up and my husband bent me over the kitchen table, reached under my skirt and ripped my panties off. I grabbed for the other side of the table as he plunged his cock into my soaked pussy. The table was moving with each of his thrusts as he started fucking me hard. I grunted each time he slammed into me. "Uh... Uh... Uh..."

He leaned over me, pushed my head sideways onto the table, and half whispered into my ear "Do you still have some of that janitor's cum in your cunt?"

"You bet I do..." I groaned out an answer.

"Oh, fuck, baby!" he said as the thought pushed him over the edge. He pushed on my back harder, smashing me onto the table as he slammed his cock into me and held it there jerking and twitching while he dumped his own load deep in my cunt.

Pretty soon he relaxed and stopped pushing me into the table. He leaned over and whispered into my ear "That was hot, babe. I bet you can't wait until he cleans your room again."

"Yeah. If he fucks me, I'll probably lick his cock clean."