 James glanced at his watch as the taxi drove away, 6.58. He walked up the drive and rang the bell. It was opened immediately, not by a member of her household as James had expected, but by Alison herself.

"Ah, punctilious as usual James." She greeted him, "Please come in, my study is there on the left."

James was not sure if he was disappointed or relieved to see that Alison was dressed in a dark grey, even clerical grey business suit. No backless gown, no micro skirt, but down to earth sensible clothing for a formal business occasion. he was pleased that he had not 'dressed'. For a while he had deliberated as to whether he should wear a dinner jacket, nothing informal either. he was wearing a dark suit and a conservative (with a small 'c') tie.

Seating himself as indicated he started to discuss Alison's investment portfolio.

He was surprised to hear Alison say, as they came to the end of their discussion that it was already 8.45. "Sorry that I extended the meeting James, it was unintentional, you are quite amenable to a late meal? she said as she took him through to her drawing room.

"Dinner will be ready shortly, I have opened the wine, I hope you don't mind eating in here. The dining room is a little bit on the big side just for two and I have no staff on duty. The drinks cabinet is over there, just help yourself. I would enjoy a large gin and tonic with lots of ice please. Now you will have to excuse me for a few minutes. I must make sure all is absolutely right."

In fact Alison was away for thirty minutes but when she returned James felt his pulse quicken. She had on a plain black gown, the front plunged almost to her midriff and the neck revealed her breasts almost in full. The edges of the material just managing to cover the nipples. Obviously she was NOT wearing much of a foundation garment. This woman could never be seventy-two years of age. Not unless she had discovered the secret of eternal youth.

"Sorry I have taken so long, dinner will be ready in five minutes, I promise, just time to enjoy these drinks." So saying she sat on one of the club chairs and crossed her legs.

James could not help but stare. The dress fell away, the slit in the side which he had not noticed was cut to mid thigh and he had a glimpse of a lacy stocking top for a fleeting moment. He sighed with incredulity. her legs were perfect.

"James, tell me, are you finding my age difficult to accept, the fact that I am 72 yrs old, well be assured I am but I have the body of a woman, almost quite literally three quarters of my age, the body of a woman of 50. Over dinner I will explain. If you had that opportunity would you take it?"

James was again fantasising if he was 45 again what could he not do for this woman but she interrupted his dreams by announcing that dinner was served.

The food was exquisite, Scottish smoked salmon and slivers of lemon served with wafer thin slices of brown bread. An ice cold bottle of Chablis was the perfect wine for the occasion. Next Alison served an orange and grapefruit sorbet.

The main course was a thick fillet of Aberdeen Angus beef served with broccolli, courgettes, roast and duchess potatoes and roast parsnips. A bottle of Nuits St George 1984 complimented this main course.

Bombe Alaska was then offered and although he knew he should have refused this too was accepted with a glass of Sauternes.

A good slice of Stilton and a glass of vintage port brought an excellent meal to it's conclusion.

During the meal Alison had told him of an adventure she and her husband had enjoyed some five years previously. In Borneo her husband had insisted on meeting up with a native who had been in the Malay Rangers during the Emergency in the late 1940's early 1950's against the Chinese and Malayan communist terrorists. Sunghi Mohammed Dhou was not the head man of his tribe. Alison knew that he had to be at least 70 but he looked no older than 30. It was a tribal secret but as Alison husband, Mortimer had saved this mans life in a guerrilla ambush this secret of longevity was given to them.

It had to do with Oriental fruits that were equally well know to the West being fermented with a particular grass. On returning home Mortimer laughed off the idea even going as far as suggesting that it was not his old friend that he had met but the son or even grandson of his friend who had over the years digested the history of the Malay rangers to the extent that he believed himself to be his father/grandfather. Mortimer did not take the elixir. Alison, by her own admission, being vain and not wanting to lose her sexual attractiveness had, in secret, her once being a commercial Chemist, managed to distil the elixir and she had been taking this aid to youthfulness once a month ever since. Unfortunately Mortimer had died of old age, in fact, as Alison was now on the port, she admitted that he was in the midst of an amazing sexual excess when, in Alison's less than her normal Oxbridge English suggested that "My dear old husband, instead of Coming, he Went!!"