 "Kendra, why do you think you should have a higher grade?" I asked as she stood in front of my desk, holding her books against her under her chest so they pushed her tits up. It was the first indication I had that she was going to try to get a higher grade without any additional academic work. I was the fucking teacher, so I had to see where this would lead.

"Well, Ms. B.," she replied as she shifted her weight to one foot and leaned slightly forward. "I did add some freehand drawings to the assignment and even though Sara helped me, I did most of the work by myself. That should count for something. And I've handed in most of the homework. Besides, Jaime got a higher grade than I did and I looked at her work and it's not even as good as mine."

"True," I thought as Kendra kept rambling on with various bogus reasons of why her grade should be higher. Jamie did get a grade that was adjusted up after she came in after school and pleaded her case. It also helped that she massaged my shoulders and ended up eating my pussy as I leaned back in my chair with my feet on the edge of my desk. She was persistent with her massage technique and quite good. So good, in fact, that in no time her hands were inside my blouse on my generous tits.

"Jaime," I asked without any sense of disapproval. "What are you doing? Do you think it's appropriate to massage your teacher's breasts?"

"Ms. B., this feels so good when I do it to myself, I thought it would feel good if I did it to you. Does this feel good, Ms. B?"

"Yes, Jamie. It does feel good. If you unbuttoned my blouse, you could have better access," I encouraged, hoping she would take the hint.

Jaime moved around in front of me and unbuttoned my blouse and pulled it out of my skirt. She pushed both sides of my blouse outside my bra-encased breasts. She just stood there staring at my chest.

*****

Still in my early thirties, my C-cup tits were in fine shape. Nice, firm, and round with large areolas and prominent nipples that stiffened to more than a half inch with just the slightest provocation or touch. They were one of my defining qualities in my unending quest for fucking and being fucked.

Early on in our relationship my husband and I realized that I had an almost unquenchable thirst for sex. Understanding and accepting that, and taking advantage of available opportunities for sexual encounters, our mutually satisfying sex life included reliving my sexual encounters as we fucked. My teaching career afforded many opportunities which my husband and I relived.

My husband stopped teething my nipple long enough to ask "What did she do then?" I was naked from the waist down on the sofa in the living room. He had unbuttoned my blouse, unclasped my bra from the front, and was ravishing my tits. I had one hand pulling his head into my chest - god, I love it when he sucks my tits - and my other hand was struggling to free his eight-inch cock.

*****

"Jaime, you can touch them," I urged her.

She reached in and touched my lace half-bra, cupping each breast. Her breathing had noticeably increased. She rubbed her fingers over my tits above my bra.

"Ms. B. Your breasts are so nice - and so large! Can I see them?"

"Yes, Jaime. There's a clasp in the front. Just unclasp..."

Without waiting for me to finish, she reached in front, unclasped my bra, and pulled the two sides away, exposing my tits. Immediately, her hands were on them, massaging them, pulling my nipples, squeezing them, pinching my nipples. She was staring at them and licking her lower lip. Then she grabbed each nipple between her thumbs and forefingers, pinched them, and pulled them out.

That sent shock waves through my body and I slumped slightly in my chair.

"Jaime, how do you know to do that?" I asked, my voice cracking with sexual emotion.

*****

"Nice," said my husband as I repeated my encounter exactly as I remembered it. "She probably has some boy doing that to her tits all the time. No wonder she knew what to do. What did she say?"

"She didn't say a word," I said. "She knelt down between my legs and, pushing my skirt up, scooted in and began kissing my tits. She smothered them with gentle kisses, sucking kisses, hard kisses. She licked my nipples and sucked each one into her mouth, tonguing them and biting them."

"Well," I said to my husband as he performed the same action on my tits. "You know how wet I get when my tits are played with." He reached between my legs and stuck two fingers into my already soaked cunt. He groaned and I groaned. "Fuck!" I said and moved to get more of his fingers into my cunt.

*****

Jaime didn't answer me, but continued assaulting my tits. After several minutes of this from her, I could hardly stand it. Here was this pretty eighteen year old teenager between my legs, holding my tits in her hands and kissing them all over. I reached down and grabbed her tits. I was amazed at how hard and firm they were. She groaned against my tits. I had had enough of this.

"Jaime, move back," I directed.

She rose up, wiped her mouth with the back of her hand, and moved back against my desk.

I lifted up and pulled my skirt up to my waist exposing my panties.

"Jaime, take off my panties."

*****

"Geez, just like that?" my husband said as he finger fucked me and bit my nipple. "What did she do?"

"I'll never forget this," I said to him. "She must have known I was the fucking teacher because she smiled, licked her lips, reached up, pulled my panties off, and dropped them on the floor. She reached down and pushed my knees up; I put my feet on the edge of my desk."

"And your clean cunt was staring her in the face," my husband added.

"My cunt was staring her in the face," I repeated.

"Just as if this was a daily occurrence for her and without any encouragement from me, she began to eat me out."

"Fuck," my husband said as he got up and took his pants and boxers off. His hard cock jutted out at a sharp angle.

"Get down here on the floor. I have to fuck you," he demanded.

I got down on the rug and he pushed my skirt up and pulled my panties off. I spread my legs and he started to fuck me.

"Uhh... Uhh... That's good," I urged him on. He began to fuck me harder.

"Keep going," he said between thrusts. "With Jaime."

*****

Jaime ate me out like a pro. She licked and sucked and bit my cunt lips over and over again, slurping and cooing. She gently sucked my clit and, as if she knew when I couldn't stand it any longer, she sucked my clit hard and stuck two fingers up my cunt. I screamed and came all over her face and her hand.

*****

"Oh, shit, baby," he moaned and I felt him come. Not to be left behind, while his cock was still spewing, I reached down, rubbed my clit, and came hard. Later when I could talk, I continued the story.

*****

"Wow! Ms. B.! That was something!" Jamie said as she grinned and wiped her face with her hands and licked off her fingers.

*****

"You're really something!" my husband said. "I love to fuck you. What happened then?"

"I raised her grade ten points."