 "Young lady, what do you think you're doing?!"

At the end of the school day I was walking down the hall to the assistant principal's office for a curriculum meeting and was passing the cafeteria when I heard strange sounds. I stopped and listened. Sure enough, it was coming from the cafeteria. I stepped up to the double doors and put my ear to the door. In an instant I recognized the sounds.

I opened the door and stepped into the room. There to the right was the source of the sounds.

Jenny, one of the cheerleaders, was on her knees and had Matt pushed against the wall with his pants down around his ankles. She was naked from the waist up and was deep throating him with her face flat against his crotch. Her hands were around his thighs and her tits were pressing against his legs. His eyes were closed with one hand braced against the wall and the other hand on the back of her head.

These two eighteen year olds were oblivious to my presence.

She made slurping and gagging sounds as she pulled back from his cock then jammed forward to slap her face against him again. He groaned with a cute little squeal at the end revealing the pleasure he was getting from her. Her nostrils were flared open and her mouth was stretched wide with saliva dripping from her chin down to her tits.

*****

"Oh, my god!" said my husband. "She was sucking him off right there in the cafeteria and you walked in on them?"

I had gotten home before my husband who had just arrived. He had me leaning over facing the kitchen wall with my skirt bunched around my waist and his hand was rubbing my pussy through my panties. 

We both recognize my ravenous need for sex. As a teacher in a school with eighteen year olds, I took advantage of every opportunity that presented itself. That's how I got my reputation as the fucking teacher.

This is part of our sex play. I tell my husband what happened during my day and then we have passionate, fiery sex. We both get off on my exploits at school.

"Yeah. Right there. Oh, yeah. Your fingers feel so good on my cunt."

"That was a hot scene! What happened then?" he asked as he pushed my panties aside and pulled on my cunt lips.

I groaned and moved back against his fingers.

*****

I stood there watching them. She was doing a good job on his cock, deep throating him, then pulling back almost to the end. Spit was dripping down her chin as she held her mouth over the end of his cock and swirled her tongue around the end. Some of her blond hair had gotten wet and was stringing together. Without removing her mouth from his cock, she would slide her lips up and down one side then the other side, slurping loudly. Then she would engulf it again, bobbing and sucking on it noisily.

They must have been there a while, because his cock was glowing red from the friction. I noticed that it was a nice size, not too long, but nice and thick with dark red veins running up and down its length.

A pang of envy hit me and I realized I was getting turned on; my pussy was getting wet.

All of a sudden Matt opened his eyes and saw me. I quickly put my finger up to my lips to shush him. His eyes were wide with excitement and fear, but he didn't say anything. I knew I couldn't pass up the opportunity.

"Young lady, what do you think you're doing?!" I spoke loudly enough to scare her.

She jerked off his cock and looked over at me. His cock slapped up loudly against his belly. Spit dribbled from his cock to her chin.

She looked scared and it was a second before she said anything.

"Uh... I... Uh... We..." Then she realized she was kneeling on her cheerleading sweater and her tits were on display. She tried to cover her breasts with her hands and arms, but the effort was useless in trying to hide her generous tits.

I continued looking right at her. "What do you have to say for yourself?"

She tried to speak, but could only mumble something incoherent.

I answered for her. "Jenny, put your sweater on and leave. I'll need to think about what I'm going to do about this."

She dropped her hands off her breasts, reached down for her sweater, and stood up. Her perfect tits swayed and the nipples looked to be hard as rocks. As she was putting her sweater on over her head, Matt started to move. I held my hand up indicating that he should stay where he was.

"Ms. B., I... Uh... I'm sorry... Uh..."

"Jenny, don't say anything. Just leave for practice or wherever you're supposed to be."

She glanced at Matt, then at me, and quickly left the cafeteria.

*****

"You are so devious!" my husband complimented me. "You got rid of the girl and this hung eighteen year old was up against the wall with a hard on."

He stuck two fingers into my cunt. "Fuck, you're wet."

"Yeah, baby. Spread your fingers apart. Yeah, just like that... Oh, god." I moved against his hand.

"Go on. What did you do then?"

*****

After she left, I again put my fingers to my lips to indicate that he was to be quiet. His hard cock was shiny and red, and was beginning to flag just a little. After all, a teacher had just discovered them and he was probably half scared to death.

I smiled at him, walked over, and stood in front of him. His cock drooped a little more, but I wasn't having any of that. I reached up under my skirt, pulled my panties off, and dropped them on the floor beside us. His eyes bugged out even more.

I put my hand between my legs and felt my cunt. My god! I was wetter than I thought. I soaked two fingers of my hand and brought them up to his mouth. I shoved my fingers into his mouth and put some pussy juice on his tongue.

He closed his eyes, moaned, and licked my fingers.

I reached down with my other hand and grabbed his cock. My fingers didn't reach all the way around it. It pulsed and I could feel it get stiffer. I stroked it and he moaned again on my fingers.

I leaned my head in close to his ear. "Matt, did you like Jenny sucking your cock?"

He moaned, sucked my fingers harder, and nodded his head.

"Matt, you're in big trouble, but I think we can work it out. O.K.?"

Again he nodded his head.

"O.K., Matt. Here's what we're going to do. If you do what I say, maybe we can forget about you getting into trouble. O.K.?"

He nodded his head.

*****

"Oh, my god! You are so bad! I can hardly wait to fuck you," my husband said urgently. He pulled my panties down and I stepped out of them. He held my skirt up above my waist and gave my butt a couple of hard swats. Almost before I could holler - and I did holler - he stuck his fingers back into my cunt.

"Oh, you're fucking killing me," I moaned. He slapped my ass twice more and I groaned. "Your fingers... Your fingers..." He jammed his fingers back into my now sloppy cunt.

With the fingers of one hand in my cunt, and his other hand holding up my skirt, he pushed me up hard against the wall, leaned up against me, and hoarsely whispered into my ear, "The story, goddamn it. The story."

*****

"Matt, I'm going to pull my fingers out of your mouth, but you can't make a sound. Understand?"

Again he nodded his head. I was looking at him and slowly stroking his cock. His eyes were wide with excitement and fright.

"I'm going to suck your cock until it's hard as steel. I'm going to play with your balls and I'll probably suck your balls into my mouth. I'm going to spit on your cock and lick it off and I'm going to shove your hard cock down my throat as far as it will go. Do you understand?"

"Uh, huh," he moaned, with my fingers still in his mouth.

"If you make any noise, it's all over." I paused.

He nodded again.

"Then Matt, after your cock is hard and I've sucked on your balls, I'm going to get up and go right over there and lean over that lunch table. You're going to pull your pants up to your knees, walk over to me, flip my skirt up over my back, and fuck me. You're going to shove your cock into my pussy and fuck me hard. You're going to fuck me hard until I come, then you're going to dump your load in my cunt. Would you like to fuck a teacher, Matt? Have you thought about fucking a teacher? Would you like to fuck me?"

He nodded his head vigorously. My nasty talk was making his cock harder.

"Remember, Matt. No sounds."

His head nodded again.

*****

"I can't believe you told him exactly what you were going to do!" my husband said as he continued to finger fuck me.

Then he added, "Listen. Here's what we are going to do. If you do what I say, I'll fuck you so hard you'll be screaming for me to stop. Do you understand?"

Oh, my god. He was telling me exactly what we were going to do, just like I told Matt. He was replaying my story with me. An electric jolt went right to my pussy; I gushed on his hand.

"Uh, huh," I replied.

"Good girl. But you don't have to be quiet. You can holler all you want. O.K.?"

"Uh, huh," I answered.

With that he pushed his fingers hard into my cunt and stuck his thumb in my ass.

"Aaaaaaaaaeeeeeeeeyyyyyyyyy!" I yelled as the sensation flooded my body and I came hard on his hand against the kitchen wall. I jerked so hard I don't know how he kept his fingers in me, but he did, squeezing his thumb and fingers together to drive me further into my euphoria.

"Oh, you bastard! You wonderful bastard!" I was able to yell as he held me against the wall and my body shuddered and lurched involuntarily.

Finally, he pulled his thumb and fingers out and stroked my cunt lips letting me down gently.

"And that's just the beginning," he said. "Now get on with the story."

"I can't talk," I gasped. "Wait until I catch my breath."

"O.K."

*****

I took my fingers out of Matt's mouth and dropped to my knees. I began licking his cock from the base to the tip and heard him groan deep in his gut. I could taste Jenny's spit and felt my cunt throb. I proceeded to give him an adult blow job, using all my skills and talents to make him harder, but not let him come. His cock was wide and I found my own mouth stretched as I pushed my face against him, feeling his cock slide over my tongue and jam against the back of my throat.

I pulled off to catch my breath, spit on his cock, opened my mouth, and pushed forward so my face was against his belly and his cock was all the way down my throat. I was breathing hard through my nose when I felt his hands on the back of my head. All of a sudden there was more pressure pulling my head into him so much that my nose was covered and I couldn't breathe. I tried to back off, but his grip was too strong. I put my hands on his legs and pushed back, but to no avail.

I could feel his cock twitch in my throat as his hips began to move back and forth. His strength scared me a little and I realized that I had to regain control. I reached down and grabbed both his balls and squeezed. Immediately, he released my head, I pulled off his cock, and took a deep breath. His cock slapped up against his belly.

As much as I liked his cock in my mouth, I couldn't go through that again. He was as hard as he was going to get and I was ready. I spit on the tip of his cock while I gently massaged his balls. I dipped my head in and licked off my spit.

Then I got up and walked the four steps over to the cafeteria table and leaned over on it with my legs spread. I could hear him pull his pants up and shuffle over behind me. I felt the cool air between my legs as he flipped my skirt up and rubbed my butt with his hands.

"Fuck! Son of a bitch!" he muttered under his breath.

I smiled to myself envisioning the picture of a teacher leaning over a table naked from the waist down with a healthy eighteen year old about to shove his large cock into her cunt. I waited.

*****

"You are brilliant!" my husband complimented me again. "Turn around." He pulled his hand out from between my legs.

I turned around clumsily, now with my back against the kitchen wall. 

"Unbutton your shirt and release your bra. I want to suck on your tits." He told me what to do.

As quickly as I could, I took my shirt and bra off and dropped them on the floor.

"Nice," he said as he latched his lips onto my nipple and started sucking. I groaned loudly as he stimulated my extra sensitive tits and nipples, sucking and biting and licking and kissing.

He pulled his head off. "Continue," he commanded, then went back to my tits.

*****

I felt Matt's hands on my hips and the head of his cock between my lips as he tried to locate the entrance. Then he was there. He pushed forward and plunged right to the hilt, spreading my cunt and sending electric sensations through my body. It was wonderful!

Then he began with no fooling around. Just plunging all the way, pulling out to the end, and shoving back in again. He fucked me hard and steady. I could hear a little "Uh... Uh..." each time he rammed his large cock into his teacher's pussy. I had grabbed hold of the edges of the table as his rhythm increased and he slapped his groin against my butt. I could feel all the ridges of his cock on the inside of my cunt as he continued to hammer me in the cafeteria.

We continued like this with the squishing and slapping sounds echoing in the large cavernous room.

Then, without warning, it hit me like an explosion, pounding through my body, my entire being, dizzying me. I closed my eyes and gripped the table, feeling like his cock was two feet long and my cunt was taking it all. I must have convulsed - I'm usually active and noisy when I come - but all I remember is floating on a cloud of electricity with voltage pulsing through my body. The feeling, the danger, the excitement, the large, eighteen year old cock all combined to make my orgasm one of the best I have had.

Matt must have known, too, because he grunted "Ugh!" and I felt his cock dump spurt after spurt deep inside me. He pulled my hips against him and held it as his cum filled me up.

After a minute, he pulled out and backed away. I got up and quickly went over, got my panties, and pulled them on. He was still standing there with his wet cock slowly softening.

"Matt, you're not in trouble any more. You followed directions very well. Pull your pants up and get to where you were going. And don't you dare tell anyone about this. I'll deny it and they'll think you are lying. Understand?"

"Yes, Ms. B. I won't tell anyone," he lied. He pulled his pants up and left the cafeteria with a wide smile on his face.

I could feel his cum soaking my panties as I enjoyed the mental image of his cock stretching my cunt.

I was late for the curriculum meeting, but figured I might as well go anyway. I left the cafeteria with cum-drenched panties and a smile on my face.

*****

"Oh, my god! I can't wait any more," my husband said as he pulled his pants down. He lifted me up by my legs and set me down hard on his cock. He fucked me against the kitchen wall until I came twice. Then he took me to our bedroom and fucked me hard until I screamed for him to stop. It was a perfect story.