 "Gee, Ms. B.! Your tits are making circle marks on the chalkboard!"

I couldn't see them. He had me pushed up against the chalkboard with one hand in the middle of my back and his other hand cupping my pussy from the front. My face was sideways with my cheek against the board and the palms of my hands were flat against the board on either side of my head. After pulling my shirt and bra up over my tits, he had roughly mauled them before pushing me up against the chalkboard at the side of the classroom. He held me there while he reached up under my skirt and pulled my panties down past my knees.

"Fuck, you're wet!" he exclaimed as he rubbed back and forth along my sex.

It was true; I was oozing. I could only whimper and try to spread my legs farther apart.

He removed his hand and I heard him unzip his pants. The next thing I knew he had effortlessly shoved his cock into my waiting cunt.

"Oh, god..." I managed to moan as the length and girth of his cock surprised me. However, the ease with which he penetrated me was not a surprise. Since I discovered the latent sexuality of the senior class and how I could use them to satisfy my own unquenchable yearning to fuck and be fucked, I had taken advantage of every opportunity these highly-sexed eighteen year olds provided. This was one of those opportunities.

"Chad, not so hard... Uh..." I begged as he pushed me against the chalk tray with each thrust. He ignored my plea and kept pounding me with that oversized, teenage cock.

He was a big boy, way over six feet tall with a physique and strength to match his size. I guess it should have been no surprise he had a cock to match. He had told me he didn't go out for sports because he liked to do too many other things. Maybe this was one of the other things he liked to do. I silently wondered how many girls in his class had been pleasured by his cock.

"Oh, god, Ms. B.! I'm coming! I gonna come! Oh, yeah, yeah! Oh, fuck!" He pushed me harder against the chalkboard, mashing my tits even more, and bucked his cock up into my compliant cunt as I felt spurt after spurt splash into me. God, it felt good. Even though I hadn't come this time, just feeling his hard cock and the amount of cum he dumped into me almost made me dizzy. There was no denying that I was the fucking teacher.

He was still hard and didn't pull out, but instead, reached between us and stuck his finger into my cunt alongside his cock. This gave me a brand new sensation.

"Oh..." I gasped as he smeared his finger with both our juices. Then, without warning, he pulled his finger out and stuck it into my ass.

"Aaaayyyyeeeee..." I wailed as I came immediately, succumbing to my pent up needs, even as my hard spasms were suppressed by him pushing against me.

Before I had a chance to completely savor the moment, he had pulled both his finger and his cock out. I cried a silent "Noooooo..."

"Oh, Ms. B. I'm sorry. I didn't know that would happen. Greg told me I should do that. He said a girl he used to go out with told him to do that and it would drive her crazy. Are you O.K.? I'm sorry."

"Chad, it's O.K. It's O.K.," I reassured him. It must have been the first time that a girl had come on his finger up her ass. It was a fantastic feeling and I thought I needed to let him know that it was O.K. to do that. I regained my strength and turned around. He was leaning back against the lab table.

"Chad, it was just the right thing to do and the right time to do it. Don't worry about it. It was great!" I said as I pulled my panties up so his bucket of cum wouldn't leak out, smoothed my skirt, pulled my bra down over my tits, and positioned them comfortably. I looked at Chad and he was just watching me, leaning against the table. He spent, shiny cock was still out; it must have been six inches long! I smiled as I pulled my shirt down and said "We'd better get decent now."

He put his cock away and zipped up his pants. We stood there looking at each other.

"O.K., Chad. This is just between us. Don't say a word about this to anyone. It just happened," I told him knowing full well that him fucking me would be common knowledge within minutes and secretly hoping that it would lead to more opportunities.

"Oh, Ms. B. Don't worry. I won't tell a soul," he lied.

"O.K. You have to go now. My next class will begin soon."

He turned, walked past the lab tables to the door, and left. I turned around to look at the chalkboard. There were three marks on it where the chalk had been rubbed off. One mark where my face had been pushed against the board. I turned to the lab table, got a paper towel, and wiped the chalk off the side of my face that had been against the board.

And, just like he said when he was fucking me, there were two circles where my tits had been pushed up against the board. I smiled, knowing that the residual chalk on my tits would remind me later what happened. I picked up an eraser and erased the marks from the chalkboard. No use advertising things too blatantly.

I turned and looked over the room to make sure that things were ready for my next class, the second semester senior chemistry class. There were eight lab tables spaced so that four students could work at each table, two on each side. Each table had two sinks and two butane outlets. A fire extinguisher was mounted on the side of each table. The door in the front corner of the room was set back from the hallway by a short entry way. Lockers lined each side of the hall outside the door. The door could be locked from the inside, but I rarely locked it as it added to the excitement of the occasional sexual incident. Windows spanned the wall opposite the door with chalkboards along the walls on each side of the door. My desk was at the rear of the room, facing forward and directly in front of supply cupboards and drawers under a counter along the back wall. A small, lockable supply room was off the corner of the room away from my desk. I had previously put out supplies for this class, so everything was ready; all that was needed were the students.

I walked back to my desk, feeling cum ooze out of my cunt, soaking my panties. "Nice," I thought. "I'll have to be careful about sitting down for the rest of the day. Before I leave for the day, I'll take my panties off and lay them on the seat of my car, savoring the scent all the way home."

*****

"Fuck! That was hot!" my husband said as I told him what had happened that day. "I smell the chalk dust on your tits."

He had me naked and spread eagled on our bed and had been fucking me while I told him the story. We were both in our early thirties, married for six years with no children. During the three years before we were married, our experimentations with sex made us both realize that I had a ravenous sexual appetite that had to be constantly fed. My career as a high school teacher provided the opportunities, but was extremely dangerous. Any slip up could cost me my job. The excitement of the danger heightened our own sex as we relived my frequent encounters.

"Here, smell this," he demanded as he shoved my cum-soaked panties into my face. We both took a deep whiff as he punished me so good with his eight inches of hard cock.

"Oh, fuck, baby! I'm going to come! Now! Now!" I hollered as the scent and the memory and the feeling overwhelmed me to another shattering explosion. I tried to spread my legs farther apart as my body jerked with spasms and he pounded me relentlessly.

"Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Oh, my fuckin' god..." he groaned as I felt his thick cock gush his load on top of what was left from Chad.

"Oh, shit, baby," he said as he slowly came down, pulled out, and rolled off to the side. "That was one of the better ones. He couldn't have known how hard you come with a finger up your ass. How was the door?"

"It was unlocked," I answered.