 Sonora and Alen sat in the kitchen both doing their brief homework. They were waiting for their parents to return so they could go out. Sonora’s mom had married Alen’s dad two years ago when they were both sixteen. It had been a big adjustment for Alen who had had to move across the country to live with his new family. Sonora had been kind to him, taking him around school and introducing him to all of her friends. Now, two years later, they moved around in the same circle of people and were pretty good friends themselves.

At eighteen, their parents were still very strict, always wanting to know where they were and whom they were with. Thus they had to wait for the parents to get home before they could leave. Needless to say, they couldn’t wait to go to college. In the fall both would attending the same college. Today Sonora had come home and changed out of her sweaty gym clothes immediately. Now she had on a skimpy silk robe that only reached mid-thigh. Alen didn’t really notice though, she wore it a lot. However, he did notice the way she was leaning over her books now. Her robe had fallen open to reveal the top of her pert breasts. Alen sucked in his breath and looked away. Did she know? Sonora looked up, a slight smile on her lips, “Something wrong?” 

“No, I was just thinking I was hungry. Would you grab some Cheerios for me?” Alen asked innocently. He wanted to see if she really was teasing him. She reached up to the top shelf where they kept the cereal. The bottom of her robe lifted to reveal the top of her legs and just a hint of her rear. His breath hitched as she handed him the box. Alen quickly poured himself a bowl and excused himself to his room. While he sat on his bed and unzipped his pants he wondered just exactly what she thought she was doing. Nothing like this had ever happened before; she’d always been very modest. Was she trying to torture him with something he couldn’t have? He quickly forgot his musings as he brought his semi-erect member from his pants. Slowly he stroked it to full erection. Taking some pre-cum he slicked his shaft and began rubbing the underside. This was his favorite method, his most sensitive area. He was all too quickly near orgasm, moaning deep in his throat, softly so no one would hear.

As he shot his first load he heard a tap on his door. Sonora’s voice called out, “They’re home, I just thought you’d like to know.” Before she left she cracked open the door and poked her head in. A look of shock covered her pretty face when she saw what Alen was doing. The door slammed quickly and he heard her walking away at a fast pace. He had never been so humiliated in his life.

Down the hall, in her own room Sonora smiled to herself. She had wanted to know if he could think of her as someone other than a sister. The answer she had gotten was a definite yes. Why hadn’t she tried this before? She jumped in the shower and quickly got herself off before going out. 

It took a few days for Alen to get over his embarrassment. What was worse was Sonora seemed to sense what he was feeling. That weekend she left the door to the bathroom open. He walked in on her with only a skimpy towel around her waist. For a few seconds he just stood there staring. She turned to face him, giving him a good view of her chest and actually smiled. Fortunately he came to his senses and beat a hasty retreat. That night Alen decided that all this was no accident. If she was going to torment him, he would give it right back. It was on. He took to wandering around the house in boxers and leaving the door to his room open. He made sure she heard him enjoying himself more than a few times. She walked in on him in the bathroom quite frequently, always looking for a few seconds too long before she left. 

The little glimpses developed into somewhat of a game between them. They always tried to one up one other, doing something more outrageous than before. The only rules were that there was no touching. Sometimes they would stare at each other in various states of undress for minutes. But there was never any touching.

Alen hoped she was as frustrated as he was. He had begun masturbating almost twice as often.

“Alen would be glad to know how horny he gets me,” Sonora thought one night as she stripped to go to bed. As always, she left her door open. She began picturing him in her mind fully aroused as she had seen him several times now. Sonora pictured him driving that juicy cock into her as she began touching herself. She started by lightly rubbing her aching breasts. Then she let one hand drift lower to her wet opening.

She ran one finger along her slit slowly until she couldn’t take in anymore. Her finger now ventured inward to lightly rub her throbbing clit. Her other hand strayed back to stroke her tight ass hole. Feeling more and more urgent Sonora picked up the pace until she was bucking her hips off the bed. A loud moan escaped her lips as she came.

Slowly the haze of pleasure faded and she opened her eyes to see Alen sitting across the room. He was shamelessly hard and made sure she could see it before he left. Sonora blew him a kiss before rolling over and going to sleep with a smile on her face.

The next day passed without incidence. Alen however didn’t know that Sonora had planned a new stunt that would bring the game to a new level. That night, after everyone had gone to sleep, Sonora slipped from her room into Alen’s. He was lying on his bed more asleep than awake when he felt her slip under the sheets beside him. Taking her actions as a blatant invitation Alen turned to wrap his arms around his beautiful tease.

“Ah ah ah, you know the rules, no touching,” she scolded him.

He gave an exaggerated groan and turned on his side away from her. It was hours before either of them slept. 

For a few days they played the new game until both were so tired they were forced to stay in their own rooms. On Saturday both their parents were away on a visit to some friends. Sonora decided she had had enough of the teasing. She had to have him. 

That night she boldly stepped into his room. A look of mixed pleasure and pain was on Alen’s face for she was completely naked. “Game over,” she whispered as she approached him. 

Slowly she molded her hands around him, tracing his body but not quite touching him. Alen couldn’t breathe. His resolve broke and he pulled her lithe body to his. She didn’t protest. On the contrary, Sonora began to strip him as quickly as possible. When she finished he stood before her, a glorious man, his member saluting her. Though she had seen him thus before, the sight of him never failed to make her gasp. Once again they came together, mouth to mouth, chest to breast, thigh to thigh. They fit as if fashioned for one another. Alen’s large hands strayed to her buttocks as he pulled her up and fitted her to him. They devoured each other before gently laying themselves out on his double bed. 

Both were panting now, hot for one another. Their mouths moved at a frantic pace as their tongues paralleled the thrusts of mating. Without foreplay Alen fitted himself against her hot entrance and began to push. His enflamed head pushed into Sonora inch by agonizing inch until he lost all control and thrust into her.

Sonora screamed. Alen was shocked. She was a virgin. The siren that had teased and tormented him for months was a damned virgin. He stilled within her while she adjusted to his invasion. Soon she eased under him then wrapped her slender legs around his flanks. That was all the encouragement he needed. 

With all the care in the world Alen withdrew from her tight sheath till only the tip of him remained. He took time to admire the girl below him as her face twisted, begging him to come back to her.

“Tell me what you want,” he murmured.

“I want you. I want you inside me now.”

Sonora bucked her hips up and pulled her legs tighter around him. He was effectively imbedded to the hilt. Alen then began long, sensuous strokes in and out of his new lover. His slow pace continued until he thought both of them would shatter. Unconsciously his pace increased, now pummeling her into the bed. 

Sonora was in ecstasy. She felt wondrous feelings building inside her, pooling where their bodies met. She writhed and bucked beneath him, seeking more. 

Alen knew he was nearly spent. He could not last much longer. Wanting to feel her pleasure, he reached down to where their bodies met and found her bud. She didn’t need much encouragement, a few strokes and she was gone. Sonora’s body began convulsing wildly as she clung to the man above her. Her inner folds clasped and grabbed at Alen’s busy member until he too shattered, sending his seed deep within her. He yelled to the ceiling his immense pleasure. Completely spent, he collapsed on her and they lay panting. 

Slowly the world came back to them and they became aware of slight gasping noises coming from near the door. They looked up. All they heard was “Oh My God” before Sonora’s mom collapsed in a dead faint right outside Alen’s room.

More to cum? Please tell me what you think.