 It was Friday night and my lover, Ruby, and I were lounging, sipping after-dinner drinks. Both of us had worked like dogs during the week, but this was our time and we were going to make the most of it. One way was to spend as much time as possible playing sexual "games". We'd each take a turn creating a scenario that would be interesting for both players to act out. It could be wild or tame or anything in between. Both of us were itching to start but we had come to know that the anticipation of what may come greatly heightened our experience. 

After a couple of drinks and some very suggestive chit-chat we were both very "hot to trot". Ruby looked me in the eye and stated she had concocted a particularly devious sexual game to be played in our basement rec room. I licked my lips thinking what she had in mind. From past experiences I knew was that by morning my cock would be in complete agony and my nut sack would be totally dry and shriveled like a prune while Ruby's pussy and asshole would be inflamed from overuse and very tender to the touch. But we wouldn't care because we'd both be completely sexually satisfied. After a day of sleep we would start over, except we would play my game.

We walked down to the basement and entered the rec room. Ruby had set up a massage mat on a low table we had down there and laid out some things for us to wear. She told me to light the candles and incense she had arranged around the room. I was to put on some soft music and turn out the lights. Afterwards I was to dress in what she left for me and wait for her. She would prepare herself in the next room and come back when she was ready. 

I lit the candles, got the incense going, put on the music, turned out the lights, and got dressed. The outfit was very minimal, cuffs for my wrists and ankles and blinders for my eyes. I put them on and waited for Ruby. Soon footsteps announced her return. Evidently she looked around the room and at me and was pleased with what she saw.

"You've followed my instructions to the letter. Excellent. Let me tell you about tonight's game. I will fasten your wrists and ankles to the four corners of the table. You'll be able to move around a bit, but you won't be able to get out of the restraints without my help. In order to be freed, you'll have to win the game, but it won't be easy! You see, in a few moments I'll begin toying with you in a way that will make your cock grow nice and hard. That's when the real fun will start! I'll do things to you that'll make you beg to cum, but your job is to hold back. I might stroke you or blow you or fuck you with my pussy or ass. I may do it gently or hard as I can. Part of the fun is you won't be able to see what I'm doing! You'll just have to wait for whatever is next to happen. I'll be watching your face and body squirm and the joy of knowing you can't stop me will make me cum and cum and cum some more. I can cum as often as I want, but not you! If you want out of the cuffs and blindfold, you'll have to win the game and to win the game you must not cum for at least 1 full hour. If you do that, I'll let you go and you'll be free to do whatever you want with me. But if you fail you'll spend the night tied to this table all alone with the biggest case of blue balls you ever had. In fact, if you fail, I may decide you're not man enough for me and go out to find a real stud or two. You wouldn't want me to do that, would you? I'll bet the mere thought of some stranger fucking me hard and dumping his seed in me is too humiliating for you to bear. So you better not fail! I see it's now 8:50. We'll start our little play at 9:00 sharp. I suggest you make use of those 10 minutes to take care of nature and otherwise prepare yourself."

Oh shit, this was going to be a tough game to win! One hour with Ruby without cumming sounded like torture. To me Ruby is the most exciting woman on earth. She has a lovely and expressive face, firm tits that are not too big and not too small, wide hips with a big jiggly butt a lot of women would die for, and soft thighs framing an exquisite pussy. She's smart and clever and fun to be with. She's also a bit of a binge nymphomaniac, meaning when she gets that special itch, it takes an awful lot of hard sex to make it stop. 

I told Ruby I needed to pee to empty out my bladder. I started taking off the blinders when Ruby swatted my hands and said

"What do you think you're doing, buster? You keep that on! I'll lead you to the toilet so you can piss. Come on, stand up."

I did and Ruby grabbed my cock and started tugging. I didn't immediately move.

"Well, do you need to pee or not? Make up your mind! You do? OK, Let's go!"

She gave my cock a yank and I followed. I felt the cold tile floor of the bathroom and heard the clack of the toilet seat being raised. Ruby held onto my cock and told me she had it aimed at the bowl and to go ahead and piss. I did and Ruby started giggling. She remarked that she'd never a man pee, and the sight and feel of piss streaming through my urethra was interesting. When I was done she gently dried prick head. Then I was led back to the table and instructed to lie down on the mat. My wrists and ankles were quickly attached to the corners of the table. Ruby asked if the restraints were on too tight. I moved around a bit and answered "No."

"Let the games begin!"

Without warning Ruby's mouth Hoovered my cock down to the root. The shock effect was so intense that I very nearly blew my load down past her tonsils. I knew she would have enjoyed that, but I was intent on winning her game. I used my willpower to ignore the pressure building in my cock and balls. I knew that if I could withstand the initial assault I would be OK. After a minute or so Ruby settled down to giving me one of her patented blowjobs, making skillful use of her lips, tongue, teeth (gently nibbling the head and shaft), and fingers. 

Ruby let my cock loose after what I estimated were 10 or so minutes. I breathed a sigh of relief. However, it was a very short-lived respite as Ruby started licking my chest, paying extra attention to my nipples. I don't know about other men, but my nipples can be extremely sensitive. There have been times when Ruby made me cum just by licking and sucking on my nipples but without ever touching my prick. It seemed another such event would soon happen as I felt pre-cum dribbling down my cock-shaft while she nibbled on my man-tits. Pretty soon it wouldn't be pre-cum erupting from my dick! 

It seemed an eternity, but she finally stopped molesting my nipples. I had dodged another bullet. What's next, I wondered? All too soon, I found out. Ruby went back to my cock. It was absolutely rock hard. Ruby cooed and described what it looked like.

"Oooh, it's real fat and hard! I can see all the veins sticking through the skin. There's lots of yummy cock juice bubbling out of the slit. It looks like its ready to blow its load. Don't you want to cum? I bet you need to really bad! I want to watch it shoot out of your big prick. When you're done I'll lick you clean. Then I'll take off your blindfold so you can see your thick spunk on my tongue and watch me swallow it. We both know how much you like that! All you have to do is listen to Ruby! C'mon baby, give Ruby your hot salty man-juice!"

Oh, how I wanted to! Her lips were mere millimeters from my cock and as she talked I could feel her breath tickling my manhood. The pre-cum was flowing faster than before. But, I needed to win the game so I gamely shook my head "No".

"You're a fool. You asked for it! No more Ms. Nice Gal! You're gonna beg me to stop but I won't! I'll just watch you squirm and laugh!"

Without warning Ruby straddled my head and lowered herself until the tip of my nose was against her asshole and her pussy covered my mouth. 

"Eat me!" she exclaimed.

She ground her cunt over my mouth to get me going. I ran my tongue up one side her slit, lingered over the clit and licked down the other side. I did this back and forth, over and over. Ruby was moaning with pleasure. Slowly she shifted her bottom so that my tongue had easy access to her cunt-hole. Her womanly juices were copiously flowing onto my tongue and over my cheeks and chin. Soon I noticed a change in the flavor of her juices from smooth and delicate to more watery and tart. Before I knew it she was squirting woman-cum into my mouth and all over my face. Ruby frequently squirted her love nectar when she was in the throes of orgasm. Most times it would trigger my own eruption. But tonight I fought hard against the urge and won.

After coming down from her orgasm Ruby again shifted position. At first I thought she was getting off the table, but instead she moved so that her swollen and sloppy pussy was right over my raging hardon. Ruby grabbed my prick by the base and gave it a hard squeeze. I expected she would slide my cock into her cunt-hole and fuck me for a while. But no, instead of her soupy pussy, I felt something prickly rubbing against the head. For several moments I couldn't figure out what was happening. Then it hit me. Normally Ruby shaves off all her pubic hair so that her mound is silky smooth. Both of us like her that way. But for tonight's festivities Ruby had not shaved and she was running the my cock over the resulting stubble. 

I now knew all was lost. Ruby had accidentally discovered some years ago that rubbing my cock against her unshaven cunt made my prick super sensitive to the point where the slightest additional contact would set me off. The thing is that I wasn't terribly fond of pubic stubble. It felt like countless little pins dragging over my penis. If it was done for a long enough time it brought up images of my cock being scoured with a Brill-O pad. But Ruby knew all that which was exactly why she was doing it! She knew that the feeling of pussy stubble on top of all the earlier stimulation to my cock would finally break me.

On and on she ran my penis over her unshaven vagina. I was near tears and begged her to stop. Ruby just laughed and increased the speed of her torture. I shouted out that I gave up and that she won. She slowed down but didn't stop. 

"You're sure you give up? If I stop you'll do what I say, no questions asked?"

"Yes, yes, just please stop! I can't take it any more!"

With that, Ruby stopped rubbing, but had one more bit of agony left for me to endure. I felt Ruby adjust herself on the table after which she slammed her pussy down over my anguished erection. The added heat of her vagina made my cock feel on fire. After maybe 5 strokes I started shooting streamers of boiling cum into her womb. As it flowed back down it added to the heat I felt in my cock. I tried to get out of her pussy, but she wouldn't let me go. My cock was trapped and I couldn't do anything about it. Time no longer had any meaning. Each of her thrusts seemed to take an eternity. 

Eventually Ruby got off my withered tool and mounted my face again. 

"Lick my pussy until it's clean. I don't want any of your scum in me. Eat!"

Like a robot I began licking her femininity. Almost immediately I tasted my spunk mixed with her own juices. Damn, I must have sure dumped a lot of it into her! I licked and sucked and kissed and soon I could no longer taste my ejaculate. Ruby just continued riding my mouth until she erupted in another massive orgasm. She went crazy! Her thighs slammed together against my face and her juices flowed into my nose and mouth. For a long time we'd had a private joke that she might kill me by either suffocation due to her face-sitting or by drowning me with her copious vaginal flow. As things were, tonight I just might die of both causes simultaneously!

At long last Ruby got off me and announced that the game was over. I was sure I had lost and wondered if Ruby would really go find some other man or men to scratch her lustful itch. She released my feet and then my hands. I sat up and removed the blinders. It took a few seconds for my eyes to adjust to the light. I looked around and saw Ruby completely nude. I look down at her "Y" and saw her labia were all puffy and cherry-colored.

"How did I do?" I asked.

"Take a look for yourself" she answered.

I looked around the room and noticed a small clock. "11:48" it said! I was stunned and turned to face Ruby. 

"You kept me here for almost 3 hours? You said 1 hour and the game would be over!" 

"I know", she replied, "but you were doing so well and I was so enjoying myself it seemed a shame to end it. Besides, if you had paid attention to your senses you would have realized the incense burned out a long time ago and the CD was running the same songs over for the third or fourth time! Don't blame me for your lack of awareness!" 

She looked at me with those big eyes and her head tilted in a pose of innocence. With a squeaky little-girl voice she asked,

"Are you angry with me?"

"Why, you witch! Am I angry with you? Come here and let me show you how I feel!"

I moved to grab her, but she pulled away. I circled the table several times and she managed to keep just out of my reach. I stopped to calm down a bit when Ruby asked,

"Is this what you want, big boy?" 

In the best tradition of total sluthood, she bent over and spread her ass cheeks revealing her cunt and her rosebud of an asshole. 

"If you think you're getting in here, you're nuts!"

I replied

"You'll soon feel my nuts you she-devil!"

I lunged over the table and grabbed her by one leg. She made a half-hearted attempt to get away, but we both knew what would happen next. I picked her up and draped her face down over the table. Her fat ass cheeks jiggled a bit then flattened out to the sides. I parted those cheeks with one hand and with the other gathered up a large dollop of pussy juice. I rubbed the slick outflow over her asshole and with little ceremony rammed home my aching manhood. In and out I went, going deeper with each thrust. 

"How do you like that, whore?"

"Not bad", she replied, but her quiet gasps and cooing told me she was in ecstasy. I fucked her ass for a long time, but, as they say, all good things must end. I pulled out of her puckernut and rolled Ruby onto her back. I straddled her chest and jerked my cock until a fresh batch of sperm erupted onto her face. I pointed my pecker at her mouth, her eyes, and her nose. Damn, my aim was good! It took six squirts before my nut sack was empty. I got off Ruby's torso and watched her scoop my thick load into her mouth. She was deliberate about it, making sure to give me the best possible show. Naturally, I wasn't disappointed.

By then it was approaching 1:00 AM. Ruby gently washed my cock using soap and warm water, making sure it was clean enough to eat. In turn, I applied ice chips to her superheated mound. She felt so hot I half expected the ice would instantly turn to steam. We sat for a while and talked about the game. Ruby said she had had at least seven orgasms, some that were light and pleasant, and the rest of the "I'm being turned inside-out" variety. I came twice, but both times I jetted out far more sperm than usual and it was considerably thicker than normal. We were both pleased at how things turned out. 

At about 2:00 AM Ruby asked me to fuck her again. My penis ached and I was afraid of how much an erection would hurt. I looked into her eyes and asked if that was what she really wanted. She nodded her head "Yes." I moved between her thighs with the idea of licking her until she was nicely wet. I needn't have been concerned; Ruby's aroused pussy hole was full of her nectar. My cock quickly grew to attention. It hurt, but I knew that the warm moist heat of Ruby's snatch would soothe the pain. I slid in and began to slowly pump in and out, picking up the tempo as she became more excited. As we fucked I played with her soft tits and rolled her nipples between my fingers. I kissed her on the mouth and caressed her face and hair. Soon Ruby started breathing very deeply and before I knew it my cock was being washed over by another of Ruby's orgasmic gushers. This made me cum deep in her hot cunt. 

After coming down from the heights of ecstasy, we lay in bed together. My sperm and her juices drooled from her pussy onto the sheets in an expanding blot of wetness. Some residual ejaculate seeped out of my cock adding to the mess. Ruby's face had that glow of deep sexual fulfillment. I had a huge smile on my face. Before going asleep, we agreed to begin a new game at 9:00 that evening when it would be up to me to decide the rules and select the venue. She asked if I would tell her what I had in mind. All I said was for her to think of her deepest fantasies. One of them would come true. She gave me a questioning look, but I just shrugged my shoulders and said to wait until tonight.

We moved into a spoon position and my cock automatically eased up against Ruby's big butt crack. I cupped her tits and soon we were both drifting into sleep. My final thought was how delighted Ruby will be to finally act out her fantasy of the good Catholic schoolgirl being deflowered by the nasty man. A slight smile crossed my face as I surrendered to my dreams.