 My friends had dragged me to this bar on top of a downtown hotel. The scenery was nice, with quite a few ladies enjoying the rooftop pool on this hot summer day.

About 3 drinks after we had arrived, this petite Asian woman walked up to us. She was alone, and obviously very cocky. Before we could say anything, she said:

"Today is your lucky day. You're going to watch me strip, and then you're going to buy me a drink."

And with that, she took off her clothes, revealing a stunning body barely covered by her bikini. She then turned towards the pool, giving us a look at her perfect ass.

My friend and I looked at each other, surprised to say the least. Before jumping in the pool, she turned around and looked at us, biting her finger, like the naughty little girl that I now know her to be.

I remember thinking how sweet it would be to fuck this young woman. Her body was incredibly tight, and her tits were simply out of this world. They were a nice C cup, perfectly round and firm.

She obviously loved to tease. She knew our eyes were glued on her and that we would be hers for the taking. 

After a few minutes in the pool, she returned to our table just as the waiter was bringing the cosmopolitan I had ordered for her.

"Thanks!" she said, as she took a sip from her drink.

"So what are you boys up to tonight?" she continued.

"Enjoying the last of the summer sun," my friend said.

"Yeah, me too" she responded. "None of my friends wanted to go out with me. I hope you guys don't mind me crashing in on you like that."

"Oh, no, by all means," I said.

My mind was racing with extremely graphic scenarios of the things I would do to this young woman if we were alone.

She had another sip from her drink. I was too busy thinking about sucking on her breasts, I hadn't even realized that my bulge was showing through my pants.

She, however, had taken notice.

"Oh!" she laughed. "Did I do this?" she asked, flirtingly.

And with that, she quickly rubbed my semi-hard cock through my pants.

"I'm Aliyah, by the way." She laughed again.

"I'm Simon," I answered, holding out my hand.

We shook hands, but I didn't let go of hers. We looked at each other passionately for an instant. There was no doubt anymore -- I was going to ravage this woman like the young slut that she is, and it was obvious that's what she wanted.

Seeing what was going on, my friend excused himself.

"So, Simon," she said. "Are we going to play this game much longer, or are you going to take me home?"

Still holding her hand, I placed my hand on her ass, pulled her close to me, and whispered in her ear: "I don't even think I can wait. I want to fuck you right here, right now. Let's get a room downstairs."

I let my hand slide from her butt cheek to her crack and felt her moist pussy for the first time.

She responded by kissing me and caressing my growing cock through my pants.

I got up, and signaled that we were heading for the elevator. She quickly gathered her belongings.

My hard-on was obvious to anyone standing nearby but it was the last thing on my mind. It felt like the elevator would never get here fast enough.

When it finally got here, other people had joined us. We entered the elevator, and immediately placed our backs against the wall. Aliyah slid her hand in my pocket and softly jerked my prick.

I responded by sliding my hand inside the back of her bikini and gently placing my middle finger on her asshole. She shivered, bit her lip, and began stroking my dick faster.

Once in the lobby, we proceeded immediately to the reception desk and I requested a room -- any room would do. The lady receptionist gave us a look and Aliyah responded with a large smile.

In a few minutes we were done and headed back to the elevator.

This time there was no one with us. Aliyah wasted no time in pulling my dick out of my pants.

We kissed again. She kept jerking my now incredibly hard dick like a pro. I slid my hand down the front of her bikini bottom and found her pussy lips. They were fully engorged and I could tell she was very excited.

I slid two fingers inside her, just for a second as we had arrived to our floor.

I swiftly hid my cock back in my pants, and walked towards our room. I opened it with the magnetic card and let her in.

As I entered after her, she turned around and pushed me against the door, slamming her mouth on mine. Our tongues intertwined and I felt her incredible breasts for the first time.

We kissed for a good minute as she proceeded to let my cock free again. She slowly wrapped her little hand finger by finger around my shaft and I almost came right there.

I tickled her earlobes with my tongue and kissed her neck as I fondled her breasts. I untied her top and finally got a glimpse of her incredible tits.

She looked at me with lust on her eyes and got down on her knees. She licked my shaft from the bottom to its head and in a quick move took it all in her mouth.

I gently grabbed her long black hair and watched this beautiful angel as she sucked my cock. I pulled her hair and she looked me in the eyes. She raised her hand and began to fondle my balls. The feeling was surreal.

I pulled her hair stronger and she began sucking harder. I fondled her breast with my free hand.

She eventually slowed down and teased the tip of my cock by circling her tongue around it.

"Come," I said. "Let's get on the bed, let me fuck you."

But she didn't move. She said: "I want you to cum on my tits first."

And with that, she swallowed my cock whole, sucking it with all her might.

"Ok," I said "but play with your pussy for me baby."

Even with my cock in her mouth, I could tell she smiled. She let go of my balls, and slipped her hand inside her bikini bottom.

I wasn't very long before I felt a familiar feeling ramping up my legs, and I began shooting my jizz in Aliyah's mouth. Feeling this, she pulled back, swallowed in a big gulp and squeezed the last of my cum on her nipples.

We both had a very satisfied look on our faces. She slowly kept jerking my dick until it soften a bit.

That was my cue. I picked her up, walked the few steps to the bed, and threw her on it. She let out a scream.

From the bed, she was looking at me with a naughty look on her face. I lost my socks and boxers, and grabbed her right leg.

I kissed her toes, then her feet. I kissed her leg, and slowly joined her onto the bed. She grabbed her breast with one hand, and slipped the other under her bottom.

I wasted no time in removing what was left of her bikini. I then stopped for a minute to contemplate the view: this beautiful young asian woman was playing with herself in front of me, and my sperm was still dripping from her tits.

Just as I was about to dig in and kiss her beautiful pussy, she said: "just so you know... I'm a squirter."

"Excellent" was all I said before I kissed her slit and inserted two fingers between her pink lips.

I finger and tongue-fucked her for what seemed like a few minutes before she convulsed in a loud orgasm. I was drenched in her juices and loving it. I kept kissing and teasing her clit, and she kept cumming.

In no time my cock was fully erect and ready to go again, but I was enjoying this too much. I could've licked that gorgeous woman's pussy for hours.

After a particularly intense orgasm, she said: "get up!"

As I did what I was told, she turned around and got down on all fours. I could not resist the sight of her inviting tail up towards me and without hesitation I pushed my meat inside her.

"UUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM" she let out.

I grabbed her by the hips and began to fuck her very loudly. There was no tenderness to it. I was fucking her as hard as I could and with every thrust she pushed back towards me as if she was trying to get me as deep as possible inside her.

She kept saying: "Uh, uh, oh yeah, ooooh yes baby!!!!!!!"

I fucked her like this for a few minutes, then slowed down a bit. After a few more thrusts, I pulled out, and kneeled behind her to lick her glorious pussy again.

But she would have none of it. "What are you doing?" she said. "Get back behind me and fuck me!"

Being a gentleman, I did as I was told. I got up, grabbed my cock, and placed it at the entrance of her wet pussy again. I slowly inserted the tip in between her lips, and gently rocked it in and out of her.

Without warning, she pushed herself all the way back and again engulfed my prick completely.

I rammed her as hard as I could. I would slide all the way out of her moist cunt, and in one thrust slide as deep as possible inside her again. I held her tight by the hips and she was moaning loudly the whole time.

She came several times during the course of our fuck session. Every time she would shiver and drench my cock beyond description. Her juices were flowing down my legs, and it was like that time after time after time.

I was in heaven. I kept fucking her like that until I felt a tingle in my balls. I pulled out just I was about to cum and I placed my cock between her butt cheeks. She slid her opening up and down on my shaft and I blew a massive load on her ass and back. 

I fell onto the bed, exhausted. She turned to face me and grabbed my limp dick.

"Shower?" she asked, just before lowering her mouth onto my prick to lick it clean.

Aliyah and I fast became regular lovers. And she's given me much more to write about since then...