 He was nothing more than a dark shadow in the night, as he got out of his car, until lightening lit up the sky. The rain was glistening off his bare chest in the light. I knew the feel of that rock hard chest, I delighted in that chest, but I was dying to taste it, taste everything. However, this was his game, his rules. I was to do nothing with out his command and I had yet to make it that far. Already I could feel the heat pool between my legs. I closed my eyes and took several deep breaths. I had to remind myself I could win this game. All I had to do was not make a sound. 

I saw him for the first time three months ago at a party that my best friend had thrown. He was encircled by what could only be described as a pack of females. Red, blondes, and brunettes were everywhere all vying for his attention. He was dressed in a grey cashmere sweater and slacks, he looked bored with what he was seeing and hearing. 

His green eyes were scanning the room with a lazy attitude that emitted the feeling that he would rather be anywhere but where he was at that moment. While he was bored, I was fast becoming excited. His eyes briefly scanned over me only to return once again. I felt as if my insides had melted. 

When he winked at me, I could not have been more shocked. With at least seven women surrounding him, he still noticed me from across the room. I was reluctant to release the eye contact we shared, I had a ridiculous thought that if I looked away he would disappear into the night. Not surprisingly, that is exactly what happened. 

A week later, I saw him again and this time I got to get a whole lot closer. So close in fact, that he brushed my cheek with his finger, no words were exchanged between us, just his wink. For the next three months, he slowly stepped up the contact between us. A brush of his finger tips here, his lips there. His smile and wink always evident what wasn’t were words. 

That is until three days ago… 

He stopped at the bottom of the steps to the patio and looked at the window knowing I would be watching him. The rain was coming down harder with each minute. He stood there waiting. When the sky lit up again, he crooked his finger at me telling me to come to him. I kicked off my sandals and headed out the door with out a second thought. I was smoldering. Just watching him toss his head, back to throw his hair out of his eyes had me melting at the knees. Before this night was over, I had high hopes that we would both be on our knees. The lightening struck again and the game had begun. 

I stopped and waited at the top of the stairs with the rain beating against my back listening to the thunder. He motioned for me to turn around. I turned, letting the rain drench my white tee shirt against my breast. My hard and extended nipples now outlined by my dark areolas straining against the wet cloth. 

I waited for him to tell me to turn back around. Instead, I felt him run his finger lightly up the back of my calf, the back of my knee, then slowly up my thigh under my skirt not stopping until he reached the top of my ass leaving a small trail of heat where his fingers had touched. Slipping a finger inside the top of the panties I was wearing, he ran his finger back and forth across my back, plunging his finger deep to skim across my bare ass. Then his hand was gone. 

I had to swallow a moan of disappointment. I was trying not to show how much he was affecting me. I stood as still as I could, slowly counting to ten repeatedly. After three days of this game, I knew the rules well. No sounds permitted. If I made a sound he would leave, and come back tomorrow and start all over. That was the last thing I wanted. I wanted his cock deep inside me tonight. 

I heard him slowly climb the stairs until he was directly behind me. He wrapped his arms around me and licked from my neck up to my ear then back down. He bit my neck lightly and pulled away quickly taking my tee shirt off at the same time. He stopped pulling the shirt off just over my head my hands and head captured, leaving my neck tilted to the side and vulnerable to his attention. He nipped and licked at my neck until I was not sure if I could hold the moan back.

He tossed my shirt onto the ground and cupped each of my breasts. I leaned back into him wanting to have more contact. I reached up and wrapped my hand behind his head holding him to my neck. Pushing my hips forward I reached back to undo his jeans. I was delighted to find that they were already unsnapped. With my fingers on his zipper, I waited for the okay to proceed. 

Before I could work my hand into his jeans, he pushed me forward. We walked to the end of the patio where a table and four chairs occupied. He took my hands, placed them over my breasts, and lightly began massaging them. He stopped then started again adding more pressure then stopped once again. This time when he stopped, I continued to keep squeezing and felt him buck forward in response. He placed his hand in the middle of my back and pushed me forward so that I bent over the table.

He reached down and ran his finger between my legs and over my clit. Thunder and lightening rocked the sky as I looked over my shoulder to see his reaction to the crotch-less panties I was wearing. His eyes flared and a half smile played on his lips. I started to give a small smile in return, only to have him slide his finger into my wet pussy. He slowly began sliding his finger in and out repeatedly. He then slid in another finger only to remove it and start to rub my clit.

His lips and tongue trailed down my back as his fingers worked the tie loose that held my skirt together. Soon the skirt joins the tee shirt on the ground. He worked his way up my back to my neck. My legs started shaking. His fingers slowed down in their thrusts then stopped all together deep inside me. He slowly, slowly withdrew his fingers from my pussy I pressed my ass back against his hard cock. For my action, I received a small pinch on my ass even as his hips shoved forward against me before turning me around. 

He placed his hands on my hips waiting once again for the lightening to strike before he placed me on to the table. He bent forward, took my nipple into his mouth, and began to suck gently running his tongue in circles around my nipple. I leaned back giving him better access. 

I wrapped my legs around his waist and pulled him into me. His hard cock outlined in his tight wet jeans molded tightly to my pussy. The jeans caused a rough but exciting friction against my thighs as I rocked my hips. 

He lifted my leg from his waist to place my foot on the table then repeated it with my other foot; making sure, my thighs were kept wide open. He knelt down and took my clit between his teeth all in one motion. I was glad the thunder rumbled once again because I was not sure if I let a moan escape or not. 

He licked my pussy, his tongue slipping in and out of my burning passage. My hips bucked up seeking his touch, begging for his touch. His thumb rubbing against my clit bringing me closer and closer to release only to stop moving right before I could explode. His finger slid into my pussy stilled. 

Resting on my elbows, I threw my head back letting the rain beat against my face. My eyes closed in surrender I bit my lip to keep from screaming out. It was getting harder and harder not to scream. 

He took my hand, placed it over my clit, and pushed softly. As I began to move my fingers, he moved his. If I stopped, he stopped. The faster I went, the faster he went, his movements mimicking mine. 

At his look, I stopped and slid three fingers down my pussy pulling my lips apart, slipping my middle finger into my pussy with his. Together we worked our fingers, in and out, faster and faster, slower and slower. He stood and leaned over me taking my nipple in to his mouth and biting lightly. 

I moaned deeply. He placed a kiss upon my lips, withdrew his finger and looked down at me with a wicked smile on his face. “Your getting better at holding those moans in, maybe next time you will be able to hold out until my cock is deep inside you.” Then he turned and walked away running his hand threw his hair. 

I lay back on to the table panting and cursing myself. How could I have let that moan loose? Maybe it was a subconscious thing. Maybe I wanted to draw this out as long as I could. I closed my eyes and re-lived everything he had just done to me. The rain pelting against my feverish skin was refusing to let the heat cool. 

A smile played at my lips as I listened to him drive away, I would not lay money on me remaining silent for a long, long time.