 "Baby, I want this one." Jade cooed sweetly, leaning back into Alex's figure and holding up the movie of her choice for him to see. "Jade, whatever you wanna watch is more than ok with me, babe." he replied charmingly as he slid his arms around her small waist and leaned his head down to rest his chin on her shoulder. "It won't matter to me because I'm gonna be watchin' you the whole time." he added huskily in her ear before discretely licking the outline of her ear lobe with his agile tongue. 

Jade lightly shuddered at the feeling, but quickly regained her composure and turned around in his arms. "Just so long as you don't interfere with my movie, because I wanna actually watch this." she replied seriously with a little smile. As she looked up at his 5'9 frame from the peak of her 5’4” figure, she laughed to herself. "What are you laughing at, baby?" Alex asked, confused.

"This is the most ridiculous thing I've ever seen in my life." Jade replied and chuckled lightly, motioning to his brown curly-haired wig. "Well, it seems to be the only way I get a little peace and quiet when I go out of the house, so you, little missy, are just gonna have to deal with it." Alex shot back slyly. He pulled her body closer to his with his arms around her back as he brought his face down to hers, playfully nuzzling her nose with his. 

Jade laid a quick kiss on his lips before freeing herself from his embrace and walking over to the counter to check out the movie. After quickly paying for the video, Alex scribbled out a sloppy signature on the receipt and the two of them made their way out of the store and into the dark, dreary, wet night. 

"Alex hurry! I'm getting soaked!" Jade screamed through her laughter as she playfully beat on his back, trying to get him to hurry as he fumbled with the keys, desperately trying to unlock the truck door. Finally, after they were both good and soaked, Alex got the door unlocked and Jade jumped inside to the slick leather seats of his Tahoe. She brushed her wet, brown hair out of her face as she sat there laughing, watching Alex scurry around the front of the truck to the driver's side door, the dark curls of his artificial hair now hanging straight and thick against his face. 

She laughed even harder as he pulled on the handle, only to find that it was locked. "JADE! Let me in, babe! I'm getting drenched!" Alex screamed through the glass of the window, banging on the pane. Jade simply doubled over in laughter as Alex, in view of the situation, found himself laughing too. Finally, she got herself under control and hit the unlock button on the door panel. Alex hopped inside, slamming the door behind him, and looked over at her. The two of them stared at each other for a moment before breaking back into hysteric laughter. 

They were both completely drenched, Alex more so than Jade, but both soaked nonetheless. "I'm gonna get you later. You know that, right?" he asked coyly, leaning over to take Jade's chin in his hand and bringing his face only inches from hers. "I wouldn't have it any other way." she replied sweetly, dropping a little kiss on his wet lips before leaning back into her seat once again. "Now drive! I wanna get out of these wet clothes." "I wanna get you out of those wet clothes too." Alex returned suggestively, wiggling his eyebrows and placing his right hand over on Jade's thigh, which was covered by wet blue jean material, as he pulled the truck out of the parking lot. 

Jade simply laughed and yanked the ridiculous brown, soaked, wig from his head, instantly freeing his wild brown locks which flew in all kinds of directions. She lovingly smoothed the wild hair with her small hand, lightly allowing her nails to stroke his scalp. "Mmm, don't do that baby." Alex moaned lightly, trying to keep his attention on the road as the rain poured down harder and the lights of the streets blurred his vision through the front windshield of the truck. Jade would have ignored his request on any other given night, but considering the road conditions, she found it wise to comply and stop distracting his attention from the road. 

The ride home didn't take long, and soon they were pulling into the garage and out of the downpour. "You know, baby..." Alex began as the couple made their way out of the garage and into the house, "wet really is a good look on you." He continued to walk behind her through the kitchen and into living room, tossing the video down on the couch, and then followed her up the stairs, watching her soaking wet, jean-covered ass the whole way. 

Her brown hair was slightly drying now, revealing her natural waves, and it hung just below her shoulder blades. "I could say the same thing about you, sexy boy." Jade replied slyly as she reached the top of the stairs and turned around to watch as he mounted the last few steps right behind her. The thin white material that composed his T-shirt was completely transparent, revealing anything you'd ever want to see of his chest. His usually baggy track pants were now clinging mercilessly to his lower half, revealing everything you'd ever wanna see of that, too. 

The two of them made their way into the bedroom and over to their respective dressers, both of them pulling out fresh, dry clothes. Alex stood and watched as Jade, with her back to him, peeled the wet material of her shirt up over her head, letting her brown hair cascade back down her now bare back. She quickly unclasped her bra and tossed it to the floor to join her wet shirt.

Reaching into the bottom drawer of the dresser, she retrieved a little navy blue, spaghetti strapped tank top and quickly pulled it over her head. Alex continued to watch as she then struggled to peel the stubborn jean material from her body. 

Finally, after a tiresome battle, the soaked slacks were dropped to the floor, along with her underwear, and replaced by a little blue cotton thong and a warm pair of old sweat pants that hung low on her hips, leaving a section of her stomach unclothed. After she was finished dressing, Jade turned around, only to be met with Alex's intense stare that was already glued to her body. 

A slight grin stretched across her face as she seductively swished her hips over to him. "Were you watching me the whole time?" she asked, smoothly draping her hands on his chest. "Yes." he answered bluntly with a broad, proud smile as he looked down at her. "You could have helped me." Jade whispered sexily as she stood on her tip-toes and passionately enclosed his lips with her own. Her graceful hands slithered their way up his chest and around his neck, lightly running through his messy brown locks of hair as her tongue confidently probed his mouth, lightly running along the rows of his teeth. 

Then, just as Alex released a small sigh of satisfaction and embraced her small figure in his still wet arms, she brutally broke their lips away. "But its too late now." she giggled nonchalantly as she started for the door, casually flipping the rivers of brown, wavy hair over her shoulder. "Time to watch the movie!" she called as she skipped down the stairs and into the living room. 

Alex stood with his mouth hanging open in shock that she was being such a tease. He looked down at himself, standing nearly at full attention, and not the least bit bashful about the way his thin track pants were doing nothing to disguise his arousal at all. "Playing fuckin' hard to get. Damn tease." he muttered to himself with a small grin. "Gotta love her though." he laughed as he hurriedly discarded his wet clothes and threw on a pair of flannel pajama bottoms, skipping the boxers, and bounced down the stairs. 

"So,..." Alex started as he plopped himself down onto the couch, "What are we watching again?" "Unfaithful." Jade replied from the floor in front of the large TV screen, waiting on the video to rewind. Once it had reached the beginning, she pressed play, stood up, and walked back over to the couch, flipping the lights off along the way. Alex watched as her beautiful form, illuminated only by the hazy blue light of the television screen, sauntered over to him and routinely laid herself down along side his body. 

He laid on his back, gazing down at her lying in his arms with her head resting on his bare chest and her small hand draped beside her face. She snuggled her body into his for a couple of seconds before she was finally situated. "Comfy?" Alex asked cutely, lovingly running his fingers through the brown hair that topped her head as it lightly fell down her shoulders and back. "Mmm, very." Jade replied, keeping her eyes on the TV screen as the movie started. 

Alex smiled and continued to stroke through her hair as he too watched the movie, which both of them had seen no less than a dozen times. After about 20 minutes, his gaze wandered from the TV and came to rest on Jade's figure lying in his arms. Her hand had subconsciously begun to trace little random circles on his chest and tummy with her little fingertips, giving him tiny chill bumps all over. He leaned his head to the side, getting a good view of her face, which was concentrating on the movie. His gaze then slipped further down her body to her chest. 

He could see straight down the little tank top that she were wearing. The soft navy cotton clung tightly across her chest and dipped down to the top of her breasts, and that was if you were looking straight at her, which Alex wasn't. His view was one that went straight down, revealing an eye-full of cleavage that was beginning to drive him insane. His hand, which had previously been stroking her hair, skimmed down her back and smoothly slid underneath the material of her shirt to rest on her bare side. 

Jade, feeling Alex's hand begin to wander, drew her knee up to rest on top of his thigh, lightly snuggling her crotch against his hip. Alex's eyelids drooped as he bit his lip and shook his head lightly, thinking to himself, "I swear woman...damn! She don't need to do that kind of stuff. That's alright, two can play at that game." He slowly let his fingers glide along the soft skin covering Jade's rib cage, smoothly making his way closer and closer to her breast.

Once there, he gently traced the fold underneath of it with his fingertip before slowly bringing his entire hand up to cup her breast in his palm. Instead of leaving his hand there however, he quickly slid it back down to her stomach and back over to her hip, resting it there. 

Jade grinned to herself and thought, "Alright, if that's how you wanna play," knowing that she was the better "tease" of the two of them and that she could easily hold out longer. With her eyes never leaving the screen, she slowly trailed her fingertips down his stomach, continuing to draw little circles all the way down to his bellybutton. Once she reached that point, she curled all of her fingers into her palm, saving her index finger, which she allowed to tediously glide down his little happy trail to the waistband on his pajama bottoms. 

Alex released an almost inaudible sigh, knowing exactly where she was heading, but, to his surprise, her finger simply retraced it's path back up his stomach, coming to rest on his chest right beside her face, which was still glued to the TV screen. Alex slightly frowned to himself, disappointed that his now slightly crowded pajama bottoms were ignored by Jade's heavenly touch. "Maybe she really does wanna watch the movie." he thought. 

After a good five minutes of motionless peace, Alex had fallen back into the plot of the movie, subconsciously rubbing Jade's bare side every once in a while. Just as he was about to forget her little "game" of tease, he felt her fingers once again begin their slow decent down his stomach. 

Alex instantly felt that anxious tingle and his pants became slightly crowded yet again as her feathery touch glided down his body. Once she was confronted with the waistband of his pants, she smoothly rubbed her knee over his thigh so that it was resting on top of his quite obvious arousal, causing a low moan to slip from his mouth as he felt her leg gently rub over the length of him and remain there. "You like that baby?" Jade asked, bringing her body to lay half way on top of his as she rested her chin on his chest and looked up into his eyes. 

"I thought you wanted to watch the movie." Alex replied with an amused grin. "I did. Now I wanna play." Jade replied with a wicked smile, bringing her body fully on top of his and letting her legs fall to either side of him. "What do you wanna play?" Alex asked curiously as Jade slowly slid her body up his until her face was level with his. She lightly skimmed her nails through the brown locks of hair on his head that were scattered in various directions as she pretended to rack her brain. 

"I wanna play fuck Alex." she answered proudly with a beaming smile. "Now that game sounds like a hell of alot of fun!" Alex laughed as he enveloped her body with his arms, bringing his lips up to hers. Jade graciously granted him access to her mouth, allowing his tongue to roam all over the inside. After a heated moment, she broke her lips away and slowly left a trail of wet kisses over to his ear. 

Taking the lobe into her mouth, she sucked it lightly and tugged on it with her teeth. After hearing a thick sigh escape Alex's lips, she released his earlobe from her mouth and sat up on his waist, looking down at him. "So, you wanna know how to play?" she asked innocently, biting her lower lip as she lightly glided her hands over his chest. 

"Sure baby, how do you play?" Alex asked, going along with the innocent theme while he ran his hands up her sweatpant-covered legs that rested on either side of him. "Well, its really simple." she stated, picking up one of his hands from her legs and bringing it up to her lips. "You just tell me what to do, and then I do it." She quickly slipped his long finger inside of her mouth and sucked it hard, raking her teeth along the flesh. 

"Oh damn baby, suck my dick like that." Alex grunted thoughtlessly with his eyes closed as he relished in the feeling of Jade's mouth. She instantly released his finger from her mouth and moved down his body. "Your wish is my command." she mumbled as she quickly pulled the thin flannel from his legs, tossing it onto the floor. 

His fully aroused member immediately confronted her, standing at full attention, throbbing, and already oozing tiny drops of pre-cum. Jade kneeled between his legs and grasped onto his rock hard cock at the base, bringing it to her lips. Alex's head instantly flew back in ecstasy, feeling her mouth take his entire length in, doing exactly what he asked without bothering to tease or take her time. 

Jade's mouth went up and down on Alex's throbbing cock, sucking just as hard as she had been sucking on his finger, and gently raking her teeth along the pulsating flesh occasionally. Alex's hands were tangled in the mass of brown hair that draped over her head and the actions it was performing. "Uh, damn! Just like that baby...oh god...suck me harder." he grunted breathlessly as she continued to work her mouth magic. 

She had gone down on him plenty of times before, but this time was different. She had never been this straight forward about it and never this aggressive. Needless to say, Alex was thoroughly enjoying it. "I wanna fuck your mouth, baby girl." he growled, flipping Jade over so that he was kneeling above her head. His hands remained tangled in her hair, bracing her head as he thrust his rock hard cock in and out of her welcoming mouth. 

Jade withdrew her lips slightly so that her teeth were more predominant. "Oh fuck! Hell yeah baby...oh god!!!" Alex yelled through his grunts. As he felt her teeth scraping against his pulsating flesh, he bucked his hips to her mouth. Jade grabbed his ass with her hands and continued to welcome his cock into her mouth with every thrust. 

"Oh baby, close your mouth around me." Alex pleaded and was immediately obeyed, feeling Jade's hot, wet mouth surround his throbbing cock as it pushed in and out of her mouth. "Make me cum baby...suck me." he commanded. Jade braced his hips with her hands, ceasing his movements as she took the length of him down her throat and sucked him in. 

That was all it took for Alex to fly over the edge and his hot spurts of liquid shot into Jade's mouth. "Oh god! Uhhh!" he grunted loudly, collapsing onto all fours as his entire body trembled with orgasm while Jade continued to take everything he had to offer, swallowing it all. 

Nearly spent and covered in sweat, Alex remained on all fours with Jade still beneath him. After swallowing the last drop of his salty juice, she released his cock from her mouth and slowly slid her body up under his, wrapping her arms around his neck. "What now baby?" she asked innocently, smiling from ear to ear as she looked up at his exhausted expression. 

Alex could do nothing but release a little chuckle as he eased himself down on top of her body. "I like this game." he softly whispered next to her ear as he rested his head in the nape of her neck. Jade let him catch his breath, tenderly gliding her nails through his damp hair. "So what else do you want me to do, baby?" she purred next to his ear, lightly taking the soft flesh into her mouth, instantly feeling his arousal return and press against her thigh. 

"Mmm..." Alex mumbled from her shoulder before sitting up slightly to hover just over her body. "I want you to stand up and get rid of all of those clothes first." he stated simply, sitting back to allow her to stand. 

Alex, in all his naked glory, settled himself back against the couch, his arms spread across the back of the sofa with his legs spread comfortably apart...the classic "guy" position. Jade stood before him, simply smiling at his nude form. "What do you want me to take off first?" she cooed seductively. "The sweatpants gotta go." he replied, watching as she automatically slid the thick material down her legs, revealing her little blue thong undies. 

She stepped out of the pants and kicked them to the side. "What next?" she asked. "The shirt." Alex answered, continuing to watch as she smoothly peeled the thin cotton tank top up her body and over her head, discarding it next to her pants. Alex instantly felt himself grow harder as he gazed at Jade's half naked body, standing right in front of him. He subconsciously licked his lips while staring at her newly-revealed breasts, causing her to giggle slightly. 

"Only one thing left." Jade smiled, hooking her thumbs in the sides of her underwear, ready to pull them down her legs. "Wait!" Alex said, stopping her. He sat up, placing his elbows on his knees as he leaned forward, bringing himself a few inches from her bare flesh. "What is it?" she asked in confusion. "I want you to turn around so that you are facing away from me." Alex commanded gently, watching as Jade's soft form whirled around to leave him staring straight at her practically naked ass. 

"Ok, now you can take that little thong off." he told her, satisfied with his view as she bent over slightly before slowly gliding the cotton panties down her legs, stepping out of them, and tossing them to the side. Jade grinned to herself, knowing that he was thoroughly enjoying his view. 

Alex, not being able to resist any longer, reached out and gently slid his hands over her waist and down over her ass, giving it a light squeeze before letting his hands glide down the backs of her thighs. "Now turn around." he instructed. 

Jade slowly turned around and stood waiting for further instruction. Alex slowly turned and settled himself back on the couch, lying down on his back and motioning for her to come closer. "Now, come here baby, and sit right here." he quietly commanded, patting his stomach. She nodded in affirmation and took a step closer to the couch before raising one leg over his body, slowly lowering herself down so that she was straddling his stomach. 
