 If you haven't read the first two chapters yet, I suggest you do. It will make more sense and introduce you to the characters.

Thank you for your comments and votes, it's the only way that we, as writers, know if you like it or not.

I pondered over which category to put this chapter into, as it only involves two people at any one time. Because of that, I decided to put it in the Erotic Couplings group. Chapter 4, when I write it, will be back in the Group Sex category.

I would like to thank amandak921 for invaluable help with editing.

I hope you enjoy your read. 

*****

Jean and I finished dressing and went back into the kitchen. I put some money in the pot sitting on the side and joined Jean, who was talking to Katy and Pen.

"Thank you for welcoming me into your house tonight, Pen, it's been a fantastic evening."

"Pleasure's all mine, no really, I mean the pleasure was all mine. Well, perhaps Jean's as well." She said with a very warm and happy smile. "I hope that we'll be able to see you again in the near future?"

"Oh, I'm sure you will, can't think of a better way to spend a Saturday night." I replied.

"Goodnight everyone, look forward to our next meeting." Jean said as we went out of the front door to my car.

Once inside the car and on our way, I asked Jean.

"Meeting as we are doesn't upset the dynamic of the group, I hope?"

"No, not at all. We often get together other than on the group night. People tend to have their own little sub groups. No jealousy, just good clean fun. Well, not necessarily clean, but good fun. I find I often want some excitement more than once a fortnight. It's just down to who's free at a suitable time. So what work do you do then, that gives you such an early start?"

"Paramedic with the ambulance service." I said. "Twelve hour shifts starting at six thirty in the morning or evening."

"Oh, I could never do that. Can't stand the sight of blood."

"Funny, but a number of people say that. Don't really think about it at the time, training kicks in and you do what is needed. Mind you, there are loads of jobs that I couldn't do. Police, miner, school teacher, for example."

"That's what I am, a school teacher."

"Well, there you are then. You must have the patience of a saint." I said.

Just then we arrived at Jean's flat. I parked the car in a visitor space and we went inside. It was bigger than I expected, with two bedrooms, the main one having an en suite, and a large living room. I followed Jean into the kitchen which had a table and four chairs down one end.

"Coffee?" She asked.

"Yes, please, that would be good." Looking at Jean seriously, I said. " Um... I've a problem."

"What do you mean, you've a problem." She said, looking concerned.

"Well, I haven't brought anything with me in which to sleep."

Jean looked at me for a moment.

"There's only one solution to a problem like that. You'll have to manage without anything." She said with a twinkle in her eyes.

"Thought you might say that. Oh well, I suppose I shall just have to put up with it."

"Well, you can put up with it, if you like, but I'm going to enjoy the view, thank you. Just go and sit down while I bring the coffee over, I nearly took you seriously there."

I went and sat at the table and Jean joined me with the coffee and some biscuits.

"Help yourself to the milk and sugar."

"What's all this about me having a good tongue, then?" I asked.

"It's not so much about you having a talented tongue, although you do, you know. More about Roger and Bill not using theirs. Bill will, but nowhere near as well as you do. As for Roger, I've never known him please any of us that way. It's funny, because he's very caring in other ways, just doesn't like doing it. So when you came along, it was a bit of a revelation. A very nice one, I might add." 

"Oh, I see. I've never considered I do anything different from other blokes. Their loss, is all I can say. I just love giving a lady pleasure and it's something special when she comes. Come on then, let's hear about the other ladies?"

"There's not much to tell really. What do you want to know?" Jean asked.

"I don't know...How about Pen, what's her job and where's she from, and Sam always seems to be bright red whenever I see her?"

"Well, Pen's a solicitor and has been for years, hence the nice house. Never found out if she was married, she doesn't talk about it. As for her parents, her mother is Thai and her dad English. He moved out to Thailand when he married her Mum and they only came back for Pen's education. Yes, Sam does blush rather a lot when she's having fun. I believe she is one those women who can have a climax as a man slides into her. Certainly, when I was with her and Bill a couple of weeks ago, she was having them almost continuously when he was inside her."

"I haven't been with Sam yet, but it sounds as if it will be interesting. I haven't even seen Bee yet, of course."

"Oh, you can't miss her. Bright red hair last time I saw her, piercings in her ears, nose, and tongue. Also to other parts of her body, but I'll leave you to find those!" Jean said with a chuckle.

"She sounds different, look forward to meeting her sometime."

"As for Bill and Roger. Bill works in computers, don't ask me what he does, he completely loses me. That's where the program on the computer tonight came from. Roger used to be a rugby player, with one of the top sides I believe, but injury stopped that. Not sure what he does now, something in business locally."

"Thought he looked fit, certainly got the build for it."

"Well if you've finished your coffee, I guess it's time for bed. Off to sleep quickly then... Unless you had other ideas?" Jean said, standing up, with a twinkle in her eyes.

"Me? No, nothing springs to mind. I'll see if I can think of anything on the way there."

She put the mugs in the dishwasher and the milk in the fridge. Then turning to me, took my hand and led me into her bedroom.

As we neared the bed, she turned round to face me. I took her face in my hands and bent to kiss her. Our lips met in a lovely warm kiss that sent shivers down my back. Opening my mouth a little, I moved my tongue out and slid it gently along her lips. They parted to receive me and I explored the inside of her mouth.

I put my hands behind her neck and undid the halter top of her dress. Letting the two pieces of cloth slip through my hands, her beautiful breasts were fully exposed. I broke the kiss and moved my mouth down her neck, kissing her all the way. Reaching the top of her chest, I kissed around her breasts, slowly moving towards her nipples.

I ran my tongue around the areola of her left breast, before dragging the full length of my tongue across her nipple. Jean moaned quietly, as she pushed her chest forward, gripping the back of my head with her hands. Sucking her hardening nipple into my mouth, I flicked my tongue across it several times. She moaned again as I released her now very hard nipple, and transferred my attention to her other breast. Very soon her body was twitching, as I excited her other nipple to hardness.

I lifted my head and locked lips with her again. Slipping my hands down her back, I found a zip at the waist of her dress. Undoing the zip, I let her dress drop to the floor. Jean stepped out of it, revealing her pale blue thong.

Reaching up, she undid the buttons on my shirt and slid it down off my shoulders. Our lips met again as I pulled her into me, feeling her hard nipples press against my chest. Sliding my hands down her back, I grasped her bum cheeks. Massaging them, I revelled in their feel, soft, and yielding to my touch.

Jean undid the button on my jeans, the zip quickly following, and drew them down. Kneeling, she removed my shoes, pulling my jeans off my feet. Looking up at me with a smile, she ran her fingers over the growing outline of my cock.

"That looks interesting." She said.

Slipping her right hand inside my boxers, she grasped my cock. At the same time her left hand slid my boxers down to my knees. Rubbing her hand up the length of my dick, her other hand took hold of my balls. Despite having already come twice that evening, I still seemed ready for more as I grew to my full length. Tingles and jolts of pleasure radiating from my groin as Jean caressed me.

Bending down, I put my hands under her elbows and helped her to her feet. Kicking off my boxers, I gently walked her backwards until her legs touched the bed and sat her down. Hooking a couple of fingers either side of her thong, I pulled it down as she lifted her hips off the bed. Her beautiful pussy came into view, the line of her lips already glistening with fluid.

I couldn't resist. Kneeling down, I could feel the heat radiating off her sex onto my face as I drew close. I slid my tongue the full length of her glorious pussy, sipping on the sweet liquid, then drank it down. It was sweet, yet bitter, and smelt like lilac in bloom. I wanted more.

Lifting her legs over my shoulders, I had unfettered access to Jean's beautiful sex. Sinking in past the outer lips, I pushed my tongue down as far as I could reach. Pulling back, and then pushing back inside, I tried to fuck her. She was writhing on the bed trying to pull away from my assault, but yet at the same time pushed her crotch into my face.

"Oh, you do such wonderful things to me." She gasped. "Put your cock in me. Now. I want to feel its length fill me up."

Well, who was I to argue with a lady. Standing up, I helped her up further onto the bed. Pulling off my socks, I climbed up after her and, as she parted her legs, I slid up between them. The tip of my hard shaft brushed against her pussy lips.

"Is this what you want?"

"God, yes, put it inside. Don't tease, I want you to fuck me... Now... Hard."

Tensing my butt, I thrust slowly into her, sinking down in one go, until our pelvic bones met. She was very wet and the hot, tight walls of her pussy gripped my shaft. The feeling was electric and sent shivers up and down my back as the head of my penis brushed against the sides of her sex.

"Ohhh!" She went, as she pushed out a lungful of air. "That's just what I need. Now don't you dare stop until you fill me with your cum."

Rising up on my arms, I pulled right out and then plunged back down, driving my cock into Jean's willing pussy. Building up a steady pace, I could hear her groan each time I bottomed out. Jean's breathing started to shorten as a red blush spread over her shoulders. Her hot and slippery tunnel was driving me crazy as I increased the pace of my onslaught. The groans changed until it was a rhythmical. 

"Yes... Yes... Yes."

Each time I drove into her. I knew I wasn't going to last much longer and I could sense that Jean was nearing her climax as well. She lifted her hips off the bed trying to drive me in deeper, as her toes curled and she took in a gulp of air. There was a moment of silence as she didn't move, her hips suspended off the bed, her mouth open in a silent shout. Then her orgasm hit. Her pussy clamped down momentarily on my cock, making it almost impossible to slide in or out. Shudders engulfed her body as her pussy relaxed its grip, her legs trembling.

It was too much for me. I managed to drive hard down into her love hole as my cock expanded. There was that lovely feeling as my cum raced up my shaft, before I shot first one, then two, and then three ropes of white cum, coating her inner walls. Two or three decreasingly smaller contractions followed, as I seemed to empty myself into that amazing woman.

After what seemed like an age, she relaxed back down onto the bed and took in a huge mouthful of air. Tremors and quivers still shook her body, gradually starting to diminish as Jean slowly opened her eyes. She didn't look as though she was properly awake, with a dazed look on her face. I rolled off and cuddled in beside her, my rigid shaft still buried in her.

"What did you do to me?" She asked. "Not sure when I last came like that."

"It certainly felt a bit more intense than others you've had. Difficult to tell from my end, though."

"Well, I can assure you it was. I could even feel you as you came. Now please just come out, I'm far too sensitive for any more activity."

My rapidly deflating cock was already almost out, so with just the slightest movement I slid out. The air feeling cold after the hot, moist depths of her pussy. We lay there, cuddling in each others arms, kissing and caressing. It's a lovely time after such a high and I didn't want to move. We drifted off into a short sleep with Jean's head on my chest.

After some time, I felt Jean move. As I opened my eyes, she gave me a very warm and tender kiss.

"Just need the bathroom, don't go away." She said

"Only if you promise to come back to bed."

"Silly." She replied giving me a little nudge.

Returning to the bed, she pulled a sheet up over us, as I spooned in behind her. She turned back towards me and our lips met for a quick kiss. Settling down I soon heard Jean's breathing change as she dropped off to sleep. She really is a lovely lady, I thought, as I drifted off to sleep.

+++++++++

I awoke sometime during the night needing the toilet. It was still dark outside, but with the help of the street lights, I could see enough to move around. Sliding carefully out of bed, so as not to wake Jean, I went into the bathroom. Coming out, having seen to my business, I could just make out the outline of her body under the sheet. The heating was on in the room and we had both been fairly hot in bed. As I slid back under the sheet I heard Jean whisper in a sleepy voice.

"Are you all right?"

"Yes, thanks, just needed the loo."

She was lying on her right side with her legs drawn up towards her chest, so I snuggled up behind her in a spoon position. As I did she pushed back with her hips so that her bum squeezed hard against me. I put my left arm over her and she pulled my hand into her breast, which I gently massaged. Her nipple immediately grew and hardened into a firm point.

"Mmm, that's nice." She said sleepily.

With all the contact with Jean's soft and velvety skin, my cock started to grow. As it expanded it moved up and made contact with her arse and pussy lips. Moving her hips backwards and forwards, her lips rubbed along the length of my cock, quickly bringing me to full erection. She moved her arm over her thigh and I felt her hand grasp my rigid shaft. She slowly worked it back to the entrance of her pussy. Pushing the head of my dick back further, it slid inside her lips, which closed round my shaft. The smooth, hot, silky feeling engulfed me as I slowly pushed up into her.

Drawing in a deep breath, a little shudder went through Jean's body as she pushed back down onto my cock. I paused to fully enjoy the wonderful feeling of her sex, then slid back out until just my head was inside her. Jean was still wet from our activity before we went to sleep, so with a couple of slow thrusts I was fully inside her. My hips tight up against her bum cheeks.

"God you're so deep," she said dreamily. "You're filling me up, it feels sooo good."

We were both still half asleep and I didn't feel like fucking her hard. A slow gentle pull back, with an even slower slide back in, had us both tingling all over. Jean straightened her legs, which meant I was rubbing along the front of her pussy each time I slid in. The effect was soon obvious, as she shuddered each time I found the rough spot on the front wall of her love hole. I continued to push in and out in a slow and steady pace just enjoying the feel of her hot, smooth, and wet pussy. The electric tingles travelled up and down my shaft as I rode her, building my excitement. Jean's breathing was starting to change as we continued our fuck, becoming shorter, with a little murmur from her each time I bottomed out.

"John... I'm going to come... Again." Gasped Jean. " Don't stop... Nearly there."

I maintained the steady pace, pushing a little harder as I entered her each time. Jean pushed back with her hips, arching her back. Her hand grabbed the sheet, her knuckles going white, as she yelped at loud. Her pussy muscles gripped my cock as her climax peaked. For a moment, I was unable to slide my cock back inside her, then, with a sudden intake of air, she relaxed her grip on my shaft. The tightness and heat of her hole, was quickly building me to my own pinnacle. With two quick thrusts deep inside her, I pushed in as far as I could and shot a rope of my white cream.

Jean groaned as she felt me fill her, tremors still shaking her body as she rode out her own climax. I hugged her tightly to me as we enjoyed this intimate time together, little muscle contractions still shaking her body. Lying there with my dick embedded deep within her hot pussy, I heard Jean mumble.

"That was very unexpected."

"Well, if you will go to bed without any clothes on."

"Mmm, I'll do it again if that's the result. It was lovely, just slow and gentle."

"It was good wasn't it? Still, I'll let you go to sleep now." I said. "Night, night."

I was snuggled up behind Jean with my dick still deep within her. Giving her breast a gentle rub we drifted off to sleep.

+++++++++++

The air around me was all wet... I was floating in a sea of warmth, waves of moisture were washing over me... I was being sucked into a large cavern, the walls brushing against me... Long, thin ferns were grazing my thighs... It was exciting, no electrifying... Pleasure was building... The wetness was all engulfing...

Gradually waking up, I was aware of something warm and wet slowly moving up and down my cock. Opening my eyes, I found Jean's long hair, falling forward in front of her face, brushing my hips as she sucked my shaft. Looking up at me, she tucked her hair behind her ear. She even managed to smile, despite having my dick in her mouth.

Her eyes locked with mine as she continued to suck me up and down, wrapping her tongue round me. She paid special attention to the head of my cock, sliding her tongue all round it. I don't know how long she had been blowing me, but I was rock hard. I was also starting to feel that all too familiar sensation, indicating my impending climax.

"I'm nearly there." I warned Jean.

"Mmm." Was all I heard as she tightened her mouth round my cock.

Speeding up, she massaged my balls at the same time, all the time keeping her mouth tight round my shaft. I couldn't hold back as my cum rose up to spurt out of my hole. I couldn't imagine that there could be much left after the last twenty-four hours, but I managed to fire off three times. Jean took it all and quickly swallowed it down. Lifting her mouth off, she licked the little dribble leaking out of my dick.

"Morning!" She said with a beaming smile.

"Morning, beautiful, that was a wonderful way to be woken up."

"Well, you've given me so much, felt that was the least I could do for you. I'll just go to the bathroom and be back." Jean said with a lovely smile.

I laid back down on the bed and watched her as she sashayed herself to the bathroom. Just as she reached the door, she looked back over her shoulder.

"Like the view?"

"Just beautiful!" I said, "never tire of looking at you."

Coming back out of the bathroom, she smelled of toothpaste and soap. She laid down and cuddled up to me. Putting my arm round her shoulder, she rested her head on my chest. I could become very used to this with Jean, I thought. She was beginning to get under my skin. She turned to look up at me.

"Penny for your thoughts."

"I was just thinking how lucky I am." I said. "Just a couple of weeks ago, I was alone, shopping in a supermarket. Now, here I am in bed with a lovely lady, after the evening and night of my life. You're someone special, you know!"
