 The Game, Part 1

Disclaimer: As with all my work, this is erotic entertainment for adult readers. It contains substantial sexually explicit scenes and graphic language which may be considered offensive by some readers. All sexual activity in this work is consensual and all sexually active characters are 18 years of age or older. -- VH

*

My name is Tommy, I’m a senior in high school. So the crew I run with -- we’re all seniors - came up with something we called ‘The Game’. The goal was who could fuck each other’s mothers, and who could fuck the most mothers. The way we’d play it was to be over at one of our mother’s houses (when no one else is at home, of course) and at some point say, “Gee Mrs. X, you sure are looking beautiful today,” and when she responded, blurt out something like, “I mean, you really look fucking hot!” and see where it goes from there.

Looking back, all I gotta say is the results were incredible, far beyond what I could have possibly imagined, going in.

But before we got started, there was an obvious hurdle. A guy could claim he fucked somebody’s mother, but how would we know for sure? There had to be proof, and a pair of panties wouldn’t be enough to cut the mustard. We talked it over and it was Johnny Hart the class science nerd who came up with the brilliant solution.

“Check this out,” he said. He was looking at a webpage full of spy cams, gadgets like that. There were mini-cams that could save pics to your phone, via Bluetooth. Perfect for our perverted plans. We all made a selection -- Johnny chose a pair of nerd glasses with a built in mini-cam. I chose a ring that featured some kind of Norse Viking symbology, which I thought was apropos. When my mini-cam ring came in the mail, I excitedly tried it out and the results were better than I hoped for. MILFs of the World, look out.

That very afternoon I went over to Andy’s house and rang the doorbell. When his mom answered the door, I asked, “Hi, Mrs. Slotten. Is Andy home?” knowing full well he wasn’t.

“No, he’s at his play rehearsal,” she said. “He won’t be home until after five.”

“Can I come in?” I asked. “It’s hot and I’d like to ask for a glass of water.”

“Why, certainly,” she said. “Perhaps you’d like a glass of freshly squeezed lemonade?”

“That sounds wonderful, Mrs. Slotten!” I replied. Freshly squeezed, I thought -- you can squeeze my lemon until the juice runs down my leg. Heh-heh.

She led me into the kitchen. As I leaned back against the counter sipping a glass of lemonade, I played my opening line:

“Gee, Mrs. Slotten, you sure are looking beautiful today.”

She looked at me quizzically. “Why, thank you, Tommy,” she smiled.

“I mean, you really look fucking hot!” This earned me a double take.

“Uh, don’t you have a girlfriend, Tommy? Aren’t you going with Brittany Lockhart?”

“Yes, I am! Would you like to see a picture of her?” I whipped out my phone, went to my pictures folder, and handed my phone over for Andy’s mom to see.

“Oh, she’s pretty in this picture!” Mrs. Slotten said.

“Yes,” I said. Then I reached over and casually flipped the image to the next one, almost as if by accident. It was a picture of me, completely naked with a smile on my face and my hard cock poking straight up and out.

“Oh . . . my . . . goodness!” Mrs. Slotten gasped.

“Oh, I’m sorry, Mrs. Slotten! You weren’t supposed to see that!” I pretended to try to take the phone back.

“No, no -- it’s okay,” she said, waving my hand away as she continued to stare at my naked picture, mesmerized. “I want to . . . look at it . . .”

Mrs. Slotten seemed hypnotically drawn into the picture on my phone, and as I watched her look I began feeling stiff in my jeans. She finally spoke, her eyes still focused on the naked picture of me. “You know, Tommy,” she said quietly, “You are an incredibly handsome young man.”

“Thank you, Mrs. Slotten.” My pulse was pounding in my temples, and my cock was straining against the front of my jeans.

“Come with me into the living room,” she said. She still held my phone in her hand, her eyes glued to it, as she led me out of the kitchen. In the living room, she said down on the sofa and put my phone on the coffee table. I was standing before her, expecting to get my butt chewed.

Mrs. Slotten spoke very slowly and in a low tone. “I would like to, Tommy . . .” she stammered, “I would like to . . . see you,” She pointed at the picture of me on the phone, “. . . like this.”

FUCK, I thought, this thing is gonna happen!

I stood up. My heart was beating like a jackhammer and I felt a little dizzy. I was uncertain if this was really happening, but it was. I slowly pulled my t-shirt over my head and kicked off my shoes. Mrs. Slotten was looking at me like a hawk as I undid my belt and unzipped the fly of my jeans.

This was the Point of No Return. I dropped my jeans. I wasn’t wearing any underwear, and my boner popped straight out.

Mrs. Slotten’s jaw dropped at the sight my hard cock. I could barely believe I was standing there in front of Andy Slotten’s mom, buck ass naked with my jeans around my ankles and my hard cock pointed straight at her face, inches from her parted lips.

“OH . . . MY . . . GOD . . .” she gasped, her gaze focused on my cock. Then she whispered, “Oh Tommy, you’re beautiful.”

I stepped on my socks and pulled my feet out of them and from my jeans. Now I was standing in front of Mrs. Slotten as naked as Roman statue. She couldn’t take her eyes off my cock.

Then something totally unexpected happened. My cock visibly throbbed. Mrs. Slotten leaned forward, closed her eyes and placed her lips on my swollen cockhead.

“Y-E-S-S-S-S-S . . .” I hissed. After several moments, Mrs. Slotten leaned back and opened her eyes. She looked up at me and sort of smiled.

Another tremor passed through my cock, and glistening drop of silvery liquid formed at the slitted end. Mrs. Slotten -- my friend Andy’s mom -- leaned forward once more. This time the tip of her tongue darted out and she lapped up the droplet of pre-cum.

Then her lips formed an O and she took my hot, hard cock deep into her warm, wet mouth.

Her wet mouth felt fantastic around my throbbing rod. Even better was the feeling I got from thinking this was my friend’s mom, a married woman at least twenty years older than me, with my cock in her mouth. Totally forbidden territory.

The entire thing was so surreal that I went into a sort of out-of-body experience, even as Mrs. Slotten looked me dead in the eye as her ruby-red lips went up and down my pole.

But I wasn’t so moved by the experience that I forgot the single most important aspect of this afternoon’s mission. I rotated the ring on my finger, held it out to get a good side view of Mrs. Slotten’s lips wrapped around my cock and snapped my first pic.

“Oh, Mrs. Slotten!” I gasped. “Mrs. Slotten!”

Mrs. Slotten released me from her wet mouth. Holding my stiff cock in front of her like a microphone, she said, “You know, Tommy, when you’re standing in front of me buck-ass naked with your cock in my mouth, I think you can call me Brenda.” Her eyes never left my swollen, throbbing cock as she spoke.

“Yes, Brenda,” I said quietly.

“And I think we’d better take it upstairs, what do you think?”

“Whatever you say Mrs. Slotten, I mean Brenda.”

Now I was in the bedroom of my buddy Andy Slotten’s mother. I lay on the bed with my cock pointing at the ceiling, my hands behind my head watching as Mrs. Slotten slowly undressed in front of the mirror, down to her black bra and panties. She turned and faced me, reached behind herself and unhooked her bra. My jaw dropped as her large round breasts were at last revealed to my hungry eyes.

Then Mrs. Slotten put her thumbs into the sides of her panties and pulled them down, her heavy boobs hanging down like ripe fruit. She stood back up, hands on her hips, seemingly posing for me, totally unashamed of her nakedness. Andy’s mother had nice big round tits, and magical hips.

I pulled her down on the bed and we lay together. I put my hands at last on those glorious boobs of hers while she stroked my cock. Then I was lying on top of her with the head of my cock pressing against her wet pussylips. Mrs. Slotten was looking at me with this calm look on her face, as if what we were about to engage in was the most natural thing in the world. Her large breasts pressed against my chest, she held onto my arms and when I pushed my hard cock into her warm wet hole, her eyes rolled up in their sockets and she gasped, “OH . . . MY . . . GAWD!”

And then I was in her wet pussy -- she was surprisingly tight - and we were fucking.

It was nothing short of amazing, levels beyond the fumbling and fooling around I’d experienced so far with the girls at school. She exuded a confidence and enthusiasm as she wrapped her legs around mine and led me on a pleasurable afternoon in the sheets.

I grabbed her asscheeks as her pussy gripped my rod. I felt her pussy get very wet, it seemed like her pussy juice was squirting everywhere. She was rolling around on her back sighing and moaning like the fucking was MELTING HER BRAINS.

“I want to ride you,” she gasped, and we disengaged, switched positions. I rolled on my back and Mrs. Slotten straddled me, guiding my cock into her pussy. I slid in easily, she was so wet.

She started riding me slowly at first. The view was simply incredible. I took her huge boobs in each hand and began playing with those beautiful tits. As I pinched and pulled at her nipples she threw her head back in ecstasy. I took the opportunity to sneak a pic with my spy cam.

My pole slid in and out of her faster and harder. She began crying out: “Oh my God! OH GOD! It feels SO GOOD to fuck a young stud like you, Tommy! . . . OH! I haven’t had sex like this in at least ten years! . . . OH! I’m so horny! You make me SO DAMN HORNY!”

“Ride me, baby,” I gasped. “You are so damn sexy.” I was obviously satisfying her, and the sense of self-confidence this gave me made me start fucking her like a jackhammer.

“Oh Tommy . . . Tommy . . . mmmmm . . . you feel so fucking good in me . . . Y-E-A-S-S-S-!-!-! I NEED THIS!” Mrs. Slotten cried out as she came, grabbing me as she rode my dick.

We rolled over again, back into missionary. I slowed the pace, started getting in some of those long, quality strokes. Mrs. Slotten was getting it as good as I was giving it to her. Her pussy was clamping around my cock. I moved my hands around her ass cheeks as I sped up again and started pounding it home.

Mrs. Slotten was hanging on for dear life and crying out: “OH! OH! OH!” then “OH YES TOMMY! FUCK ME! FUCK ME! FUCKMEFUCKMEFUCKMEFUCKMEFUCKMEFUCKME!!!!”

We came together, her pussy muscles gripping my cock as it spasmed, shooting my load into her hot pussy. I pulled her down to me, prolonging the sensation as every drop of cum spilled into her.

Then we lay still, clutching one another, panting like dogs. “Oh Tommy,” she sighed, “Oh my God! Oh my God!” My cock remained in Mrs. Slotten’s pussy, slowly deflating. I finally climbed off and collapsed next to her.

There was a hell of a wet spot.

Mrs. Slotten got up first, did her run to the bathroom, then came back with a wet washcloth and started cleaning my cock. “Oh Lord, Tommy, that was AMAZING!”

“Thank you Mrs. Slotten.”

“Brenda.”

“Yes Ma’am.”

“Yes Ma’am,” she repeated. “That sounds funny, considering . . .”

“Considering what?”

“Considering we’re both naked, we just finished making love -- the most incredible sex I’ve had in ages -- and right now I’m cleaning your cock off and OH MY GOD you’re getting hard AGAIN!”

With that, Mrs. Slotten leaned over and began licking me clean. She was right, of course, I was getting hard again.

“Oh my God, can you do it again so soon?” Her eyes darted around. “Oh my God, do we have time? Oh, damn. Oh Tommy, I think you’ll have to go, Andy will be home any minute.”

I grabbed my shit and scooted out of there, taking the back door and jumping the fence into the property that faced onto the next street over.

The next day after school when we got together to compare notes, I showed the guys my pics of Mrs. Slotten with my cock in her mouth, Mrs. Slotten naked, Mrs. Slotten riding my cock. The guys were flabbergasted:

“Woah!”

“Dude!”

“You did it! You really did it! Fuckin’ A!”

All except Andy Slotten, that is. Andy had this fucked up, desperate look on his face, his mouth wide open. Andy didn’t say a word, he just turned around and ran the fuck out of there.

We looked at Andy as he beat his retreat. When Chuck Foster started snickering, I elbowed him in the ribs and said, “Hey, c’mon man, it’s his mother. This is serious business, man. This ain’t about scoring points in the schoolyard.

We all looked at each other and nodded, dead serious. It might be a game, but we were obviously playing for keeps.

(To Be Continued - V.H.) 