 The teasing you endured has your cock so hard. As I gaze into your eyes, I notice a hunger in them I've never seen before. You lean down and whisper into my ear, "You are very good at teasing but now it's pay back time." You loosen the laces on my corset slipping it off of me. You laugh as you bind my wrists tightly tying them above my head to the headboard Your throbbing cock nestled between my large breasts as you finish securing my wrists. You reach over onto the bedside table getting a small bottle of cherry flavored massage oil. You drop several drops on my breasts and a couple on your hard cock. Reaching down you grasp my breasts rubbing them as you grip them together, your hard cock throbbing and pulsing between them. You thrust your hips as you straddle me, squeezing the sides of my breasts, letting them envelop your hard cock. You thrust your hips, your hard cock gliding between my oiled breasts your fingers sinking into my skin as you squeeze them tight around you. 

My nipples are as hard as diamonds you pinch them with your thumb and for finger. As you roll my nipples between your fingers I moan with a mixture of pleasure and pain that makes my clit throb and my body tingle. The feel of the friction of your hard cock sliding between my breasts as you play with my nipples makes me so horny. You tell me to lick your cock as it appears through the top of my cleavage. I obey, flicking the head of your cock with my tongue each time it appears. Your moans fill the room as you pinch my nipples harder. I cry out, My clit throbbing, as I lay helplessly squirming. I want to feel your cock inside me so bad that it makes my pussy ache. I begin to beg and plead with you to fuck me. You look down and chuckle at me as you continue to tease me while you pleasure yourself. You've earned it and plan to tease me just as badly as I did you if not worse.

You stop thrusting. You move down my body licking the cherry flavored oil off my breasts, your tongue circling my hard nipples. I want you so bad. My body trembles as your tongue continues its journey down my body. It feels so hot and wet as you lick your way down my stomach circling my belly button nibbling as you go.

You finally reach my pussy. You slip my thong off of me, blowing your hot breath on me before lightly touching my sweet shaven slit with your tongue. I want so badly to reach down and run my fingers through your hair and pull you down closer so I can feel your tongue delving inside me. I thrust my hips forward but you hold my hips down, making sure that your tongue stays on the outside of the folds of my slit as I squirm in your grasp groaning and writhing.

You move off of me and leave the room briefly. I lay bound to the headboard. My whole body tingling with excitement as I wonder what you are up to. You return hiding something behind your back. You place what ever it is on the nightstand. You turn around with another silk scarf. You gaze at me with passion and desire burning bright in your eyes as you pull my thigh high boots off leaving me totally nude. You once again straddle me as you blindfold my eyes. I can't see a thing you are doing. This gets me even more excited. 

I feel you climb back onto the bed. You are on your knees, straddling my face. I feel the weight of your body as you ease forward onto me, your balls resting on my lips. I open my mouth sucking on them gently. I caress them with my tongue. I feel you spreading my pussy dripping something warm and sticky onto it. You finger rubs over my pussy and clit. I moan softly with your balls in my mouth. I want you so bad. You drip more of the warm sticky substance onto me as you continue to rub. I feel it dripping down my slit coating my pussy. 

My body quivers the vibrations of my moans on your tender balls growing stronger as they grow louder. I can feel your cock growing harder as I lick suck and nibble on your sensitive balls. My body shudders and tenses as I build to a climax. You stop abruptly. I hear you laughing softly. "You don't really think I'm going to let you cum this soon, do you?" You say in a teasing voice. I groan, my body aching for release. I keep sucking and licking on your balls wanting to please you so you will rub my clit some more and let me cum. But you stay kneeling with your knees straddling me. Your moans of pleasure filling the room. You reach down as you move off of me replacing your balls with your fingers. I suck them into my mouth tasting sticky honey mixed with my sweet wetness from my hot wet pussy.

I feel you reach up and untie my wrists. I sigh with relief thinking you are going to end my torture and let me go so I can hold you as we make love. You gently flip me over onto my stomach securing my hands back to the headboard. Your hands grip my hips urging me up onto my knees. Your strong hands grip my ass cheeks spreading them apart, your fingers digging into my skin. I automatically arch my back exposing my honey glazed tight pussy.

You slowly run your cock down my ass to my sticky slit as you grip my cheeks spreading them. I squirm as I feel the head of your cock gliding over my tight ass on its way to my tight pussy. You let the head of your cock barely enter my tight pussy holding my hips in place so you can tease me with your hard cock as you enter me very slowly. My pussy clamping around your hard cock as you enter me inch by thick hard inch. Your huge cock stretching the walls of my pussy. I can feel it pulsing with excitement. You enter me half way and then pull your cock back out still gripping the cheeks of my ass open. My agonized moans fill the room. I want you so bad it hurts. All at once, you thrust your hard cock deep inside me. My pussy pulses and grips your sensitive cock as you grind your hips into me. You begin to thrust hard and deep with a steady rhythm as you pull me onto your cock. Your balls sticking to my throbbing clit as you slam your hard cock passionately into me with so much momentum that you knock me forward with each toe tingling thrust. My moans turn into cries of sheer pleasure. 

Your fingers move to my long hair wrapping it around your hand as you pull me back into you. Slapping my ass with your other hand, you leave a hot red handprint on it. The slap makes me tense up. My pussy clamping around your hard cock. You slap me again and again each time making my body tense, making my pussy contract, and milking your pulsing cock. My body quivers as I start to cum again. This time you allow me to. I shake as I scream out with the sweet release of pleasure jolting through my body. My head thrown back, my lips parted as you continue to pull me back onto your cock by my hair. You lean into me burying your cock deep inside my tight pussy as you untie my wrists. My pussy continues to quiver, grip and convulse around your cock as the waves of pleasure slowly subside.

You remove your honey and cum drenched cock from my pussy rolling me over and untying the blind fold. I look at you with love and adoration as I sit up taking your cock into my hot mouth. Moaning as I taste the mixture of sweet honey and my sweet cum. You caress my cheek as you run your fingers through my hair tangling and gently gripping it as my lips glide tightly over your shaft. I take you willingly into my tight throat. My tongue licks at your balls as my throat contracts around your dick nestled deep and tight inside it. I resume my sucking feeling your body shake with your thrusts. I reach up feeling your balls start to tighten, I graze them with my long fingernails. 

You take your cock out of my mouth right as you start to cum. Your hot salty sweet load spurting into my waiting mouth, coating my face and breasts. I lick my lips loving the taste of your cum as you trace my lips with the head of your cock squeezing out the last few drops as I flick it with my tongue. I lick my cum glazed lips. You look at me lovingly as I wipe your cum from my face with my fingers licking and sucking them clean relishing the taste. I quietly slip off the bed to walk to the shower. I turn and see you watching me with lust still smoldering in your sexy blue eyes. I beckon you to join me with a seductive grin. The game may be over but the fun is just beginning.