 Part 2 - the girls go fishing

"Shall we meet this Saturday."

"Yeah. At the place we always used to meet."

A quick agreement for a rendezvous, made during the week. The time and place agreed.

It was not exactly an uncommon occurrence waiting for Siobhan. Danielle swung her bare legs as she sat on the old wooden bench in the shade of the tree just as she had done so many times before. And as she had done so many times before she was waiting for Siobhan who was late. Not very later but late nonetheless. Her eyes cast around for something to look at. Across from her the old brick wall almost glowed in the hot sunlight. Certainly the orange of the brickwork had an almost fiery quality. It was in the nature of bricks to be born of fire; to have been baked in the furnace. It was almost as if they were reliving that experience. And in the wall was an old green door; a door Siobhan and she had often wondered about. Danielle frowned. Had she and Siobhan not gone through that very door the week before? A fragment of memory touched the surface of her mind and drifted away. No, she did not think that was likely. She would certainly have remembered that.

It was an old wooden door with flaking green paint. Nothing particularly unusual about it apart, perhaps from the way its top was arched to match the brickwork. The contrast of the orange of the bricks and the green of the door was somehow pleasing.

"Hullo." Siobhan was not that late after all. Danielle had been settling in for the usual wait.

"You're early - I mean not late."

"Couldn't settle. All morning I've been thinking about meeting you. Must be developing a crush on you."

It was funny. That was the last thing at all likely. Not with the way Siobhan talked about boys. "I dunno, I couldn't settle at all, it was as if..."

Danielle did not find out what the 'if' was.

"Danielle! That door. You know. That door," she pointed towards the old wall, "it's open."

Danielle was more than used to Siobhan talking about 'that door.' The door in the brick wall seemed to hold some sort of fascination for her. She did not think she had ever seen it open before. Not that it was very open across the road - just ajar. She frowned, she did not think it had been open at all when she had been looking at it.

"Come on let's go see."

Danielle was reluctant but as usual followed her friend across the street.

Siobhan pushed at the green door and it swung further open, just the merest hint of a creak to its hinges. The sight that greeted them was almost breathtaking. A hidden walled garden of flowers, lawns and shrubs. It was exquisite, colourful and full of scent. It quite stunned Danielle as she followed the swish of Siobhan's cotton dress down a path of red bricks. Her sense of smell was stimulated by an onslaught of scents: was that the smell of an orange tree? Perhaps, certainly lavender and most definitely the smell of newly cut grass.

Danielle frowned for a moment as she watched her friend step onto the grass. It was emerald green, clearly well watered and tended. She was not sure she could see one weed. There were certainly no daisies or buttercups. Her frown was for the hint of a memory. She had the sudden recollection of the acrid smell of a lawn mower starting, its dark green frame shaking and throbbing with the suddenly active petrol engine.

It was a momentary thought before her eyes swept across the multitude of flowers calling for her attention, almost overloading her sight with their variety.

Overhanging the path an orange tree, its dark glossy leaves pleasing and contrasting with the vividness of the ripening fruit. She had indeed smelt and now could see them. Her hand reached up to a pair of oranges growing closely together and felt their skin. It was smooth but lightly pitted. Danielle was tempted to scratch the thick rind and release the sharp smell of the zest, even to pick and peel and taste the sweet juice.

"Siobhan, we shouldn't be here." But her friend was not listening, was seemingly captivated by the tinkling of a little fountain. She was standing, looking down at a stone edged pool in the middle of the lawn. At its centre a stone column rose and from it issued a steady stream of water rising up into the air and falling gently into the water below. Danielle knew the falling water would oxygenate the water and from its clarity and the clear healthiness of the moving goldfish was evidently doing just that.

The water looked cool and pleasant. Danielle wondered if Siobhan too was thinking how good it would be to dangle legs in the water or perhaps bathe with the fishes. She looked around but there was no sign of anyone in the garden, trespassing was one thing but getting into somebody's ornamental pool and bathing quite another.

"Oh Danielle, isn't this so lovely. A secret garden just like I had always imagined."

"Mmmm. Lovely but..."

The fish swum lazily in the pool. Big ones and little ones, moving in and out amongst the lillies.

It was as if Siobhan knew what she was thinking, "we don't need to leave yet, there's no one, not even a gardener. We can stay for a bit. Look, a little place to sit, would 'bower' be the word?

It was just so. A bower formed of overhanging willow, its pointed leaves giving shade from the sun. Within it a pretty little wooden seat. Siobhan went and sat upon it. Danielle followed.

They sat side by side, their bare knees almost touching. Even in the shade it was hot. Danielle could feel her perspiration trickling. Across from the bower the water of the pool looked so cool.

"I'm going to..." Siobhan kicked off her sandals and made her way barefoot across the mown grass.

Danielle had never seen such neatly mown grass with perfect stripes going up and down the lawn. It was cut very close to the ground. She watched as Siobhan stepped off the grass onto the stone edging to the pool. It was set flat with the grass, lichen greyed stone in an oval shape. Siobhan's feet were on the stone, her toes curling over the edge at the edge of the pool. Her toenails were painted green to match her dress and fingernails. Danielle thought Siobhan had pretty feet but, there again, most everything about Siobhan was pretty.

"No, Siobhan you mustn't."

But when had Siobhan listened to her?

Danielle reached, grabbed Siobhan's sandals but even before she had reached her, Siobhan had her legs in the water. Danielle could see her brightly painted toenails wriggling down there amongst the fishes.

Momentarily startled by the sudden appearance of two pale feet, the fish had taken themselves to the other end of the pool. It was not long before they were back.

"This is nice," said Siobhan gently moving her legs in the water.

It did, indeed, look nice - nice and cool. Danielle looked up the garden and back down it. There was nobody else there, indeed, unless someone came through the green door, it was not obvious how anyone else could get in. But if the door had been ajar surely that meant someone had come in - or had someone popped out, perhaps to the shops or simply forgotten to lock the door? Perhaps the person would not be back for a while.

She looked down at the water, at Siobhan's legs and feet moving within the cool liquid. Kicking off her sandals Danielle sat down beside her friend, knees drawn up inside her dress and her toes curling over the edge of the stone lip to the pool.

"Go on," said Siobhan.

Danielle frowned but the cool water was just so inviting. She dipped her toes.

"They tickle," said Siobhan. The fishes had returned and one or two were close to Siobhan's legs, even touching them with their mouths.

One came right up to Danielle's big toe, right there on her right foot just poked into the water. She giggled. It was sweet seeing them come to make friends and, yes, it did tickle. She slipped the whole of her foot into the cool water. One foot and then the other and almost before she realised it she was in up to her knees. The fish swam around, in and out of the girls' legs.

Around them the garden. So beautiful, so tranquil, an oasis of perfection in the city. A gentle and soothing hum of insects and the tinkle, tinkle of the fountain. Dainty butterflies moving from flower to flower seeking nectar. A few trees over by the wall rose towards the blue, blue of the sky but casting little shade. It was hot.

"I wish this was my garden."

But it was not. Danielle knew they were trespassing, but there seemed nobody there to mind.

"If this was my garden," said her friend," I'd get right into the pool, "wouldn't you?"

And Danielle knew she would. The water seemed so clear, so clean and fresh. Crystal clear, as oxygenated and fresh as a running mountain stream. She thought of snow melt running down the mountain and warmed by the hot sun as it tumbled and splashed over rocks down and down to the lower pastures. Danielle imagined Siobhan and she out for a hike and cooling themselves in a little rock pool. Two girls together unembarrassed to drop their day sacks and unbutton shirts and shorts, unembarrassed to pick their way hand in hand, bare foot over the rocks and into the pool. Unembarrassed to have their breasts out in the open or see each other's private hair, Siobhan's so red, hers so dark.

But what if some youth, tall and fair caught them, nymph like at their bathing? Would she mind being admired? The young man smiling at them and clearly in no hurry to leave, just sitting and watching. She could imagine her friend being flirtatious, acting both coy and provocative, even inviting the young man to 'join them.'

She imagined watching him undress. She found herself liking the idea of him taking his time, a slow, unhurried undoing of buttons, gradually, tantalisingly revealing a flat male chest. She perhaps slipping lower in the water to hide her nipples, watching as he bent to undo his boots, admiring the long curve of his back and strong arms. Perhaps he might turn away as he undid his shorts, so the first view of what was hidden was his tight, firm bottom and slim, masculine hips. Would his thing be or would it not be?

Danielle looked up from a contemplation of feet and swimming fish and realised her thoughts had made her feel a little sexual. There was wetness in her panties that was not simply perspiration. She sighed, it really was a lovely garden.

Would the young man have erected? The idea of him turning and it being 'there' very pleasing to her. She imagined a joint gasp from both Siobhan and herself. A proper, or was it old fashioned, gasp from young girls at such a sight. Not that she had seen, but she had thought a lot about such things. In her mind she visualised the youth's penis, curving straight up in the air, long and rounded at the end, looking so un-girl like, like it meant business. Well, there were two of them to one of him but... 

Danielle moved her thighs, opening and closer them causing movement in the water and the fishes to swim.

"I'm going to."

"Going to what?" Said Danielle, turning to her friend.

But already Siobhan was unbuttoning her dress.

"No, you can't."

But she could. The dress slipped easily over head to lie on the grass, a tumble of green cotton. Siobhan all at once almost as Danielle had imagined her by, or in, the mountain stream. Siobhan in just a pair of panties. As usual she had not worried about a brassiere, really had no need of the support, her small breasts such a contrast to Danielle's own.

"Really Siobhan, what if someone should come?" Indeed. What if someone was to come and see Siobhan's rather small breasts but with their rather dramatic big brown areolae all set around with orange brown freckles. You could easily have seen the freckles in the vee of her dress neck but would not have known how they extended.

A giggle and then the girl lifted her bottom and slipped her panties downwards across her thighs and then raised her legs out of the water and, leaning back with her legs in the air, slid them up into the air, past her knees and feet, getting them a little wet in the process. Had someone been standing the other side of the pool then he, and Danielle imagined a 'he,' would have seen a great deal of Siobhan that was normally hidden. Indeed so high up were Siobhan's legs that Danielle herself caught sight of what nestled between her legs.

Siobhan as naked as the day she was born, naked in the garden. Pretty as a picture but...

"Siobhan!"

But as usual her friend ignored her and not only put her feet and legs back in the water but slid in right up to her tummy.

"Ooooh - cold. But nice!"

Danielle could not stop looking around the garden expecting someone to come at any moment, worried for her completely naked friend: but the bees kept travelling from flower to flower and the occasional butterfly made its way over the pool, all was tranquil, there was nothing stirring in the garden. The sun was as hot as before reflecting back at them from the orange brickwork.

Looking down Danielle watched the fishes, and Siobhan's body in the water. One fish came up close to her, nosing into her ginger curls that waved a little like pondweed when she moved. Siobhan looked back at her and giggled.

"You are so naughty, Siobhan."

"I know, I know! Go on, Danielle, join me."

It did look so cool and there did seem to be nobody about. The worst that could happen would be a telling off for trespassing... well, and perhaps a little ogling of young naked girls. Should she?

As usual she followed where her friend lead. Danielle stood and slid her panties down before unbuttoning her polka dot dress and pulling it over her head. She settled back on the edge of the pool, two layers of cotton no longer between her bottom and the warm stone. Her legs in the water. It was all becoming a little like her day dream of the young man in the mountains seeing them bathing in the mountain stream. It would be a sweet picture now for a young man to see, looking across from the willow bower: two almost naked girls, one in the pool, one on the edge but so different. Siobhan's long red wavy hair and pale skin, her small, freckled breasts and red, red curls between her thighs: Danielle bronzed by the sun except where the bikini went; her hair black including her private curls, though her long hair was not at all wavy rather as straight as a die; her breasts, still enclosed by her brassiere, were ample.

The brassiere felt both hot and itchy and it seemed both pointless to retain it and pleasant to remove it. Danielle unclipped and let it fall forward before she dropped it on her clothes. Again the contrast. Her breasts so full, really mounding but with the smallest and palest of areolae: Siobhan not quite flat chested yet with the most enormous brown areolae. Danielle frowned. She was sure Siobhan's nipples had not been sticking out like that before. That was hardly going to be due to the cold!

"Come on!"

Such a relief to ease further into the water. Her bare bottom settled on a stone shelf. The pool had, perhaps, been built for bathing, with a stone seat running all the way around it, a cold plunge bath perhaps or else it was simply to give variation in depth. The pool was deeper in the middle where the stone pillar of the fountain rose. She sighed.

"They do tickle."

They did indeed. Seemingly unfazed by the arrival of a second girl in the water the fishes were swimming close to her.

"This is bliss," said Siobhan leaning a little further back and looking up at the sky. "What could be nicer?"

Indeed, though Danielle would rather have preferred a shady riverbank, somewhere more private than somebody else's garden. Perhaps a boy or two equally naked with them on the riverbank - a naughty thought! She watched the fish swimming lazily around her friends limbs, occasionally coming right up to her skin and touching it with their little mouths. One even had the temerity to swim between Siobhan's open legs and nibble at the girl's soft inner thigh.

Poking out of the waving curls. down below the visible divide of her mons veneris was a hint of wrinkled flesh, not as pronounced as Danielle knew hers to be but undoubtedly the fleshy inner lips and clitoral hood of a young woman. She had not seen her friend like that before, she had not been so exposed in the showers at school. The fish was still nosing around the girl's thigh.

"You want to be careful it doesn't nibble that." Danielle pointed, pointed at Siobhan's sex revealing she had been looking at it.

Siobhan laughed. "They do tickle. But I think you're at more risk than me!"

"Wha...?"

Danielle looked down at herself. She had not even realised she had opened her thighs but, there between, them was an even larger fish inches from her own delicate skin. It had swum up the 'creek' of her thighs and with barely moving tail seemed to be contemplating her sex. Danielle was scared but equally did not want to clamp her legs together for fear of harming the fish.

"What should I do, what should I do?"

She put her hand in the water to 'shoo' it away but not before she had felt just the slightest tickling touch.

"Oooh!" It sent a quite electric tremor through her as she clamped her legs shut sending a little wave across the pool.

The larger fish had not gone far, if it was the same one, and was now making its way up between Siobhan's legs. Several of the other fish were being inquisitive.

"It's a nice tickling," said Siobhan. A couple of little fishes were up against her inner thigh but the larger fish was swimming slowly up her 'creek.

"Oh, golly. it's... it's tiny mouth, I can feel it on my... my, you know.'

Danielle leaned towards Siobhan, looking more closely at her friend's sex than ever before and there was the tiny mouth of the fish right up against it, its tiny lips gently mouthing the little smooth button of her clitoris.

"Oh, it's such a feeling, I... wow!"

The girl was actually touching a nipple with her hand. It was more than obvious to Danielle just how turned on her friend was.

"Siobhan! You're having sex with fish!"

But then Danielle felt the touch of tiny mouths on her delicate skin and what had been coming, came in a rush. Of course she was wet, wet from the tummy downwards as she was sitting in the cool water but this was a rush of a different kind of wet. Were the fishes perhaps feeding, grazing on her sexual secretions and those of her friend? The feelings so delicate, so sexual, so electric. Like Siobhan, her nipples hardened. She was not minded this time to 'shoo' the fishes away.

Danielle blinked. Looking down in the clear water it seemed as if some of the larger fishes had changed or was it just different fish swimming towards her? Before they had simply been goldfish, orange carp shaped fishes in the water but these were different. Their heads bulbous and their bodies rounder, more like eels, with a more sinuous motion. Still pretty fish, not scary like catfish. They were quite phallic in appearance, even their little mouths gave such an appearance set in the centre of their bulbous head, though Danielle hardly imagined penises had little moving lips at their openings.

Their shape, its association with boys and sex, gave an added feeling to Danielle's excitement as she watched them swimming closer.

Something, though, made her look up. There sitting in the willow arbour was a person. The man, for it had to be a man, was old or at least his bushy grey beard gave that immediate impression. He was dressed in old grey, rather baggy, trousers held up by twin braces over his white long sleeved shirt. The red braces were rather hidden by a waistcoat, his white sleeves were rolled up well above his elbows showing nut brown, hairy arms. The waistcoat was a striking Royal Blue with brass buttons though, unsurprisingly, they were mostly unbuttoned. Upon his feet brown boots suggesting a man engaged in gardening. Was he the gardener?
