 Queen Neci and her personal knight Alex were taking a walk in the palace gardens. They stopped in front of the large fountain in the middle of the grounds and sat on the edge next to each other. Neci snuggled closer against Alex as he wrapped an arm around her waist. "I know it hasn't been that long since we got here Alex but I really think all of my hand maidens have taken quite the liking to you. I know you have eyes, and other things, for me only but..." Neci shrugs as she runs a hand through the rippling waters of the fountain.

Alex grins and leans in closer to nibble at her neck. "You have no need to worry my queen, I am yours and yours alone."

"Whenever and where ever?" She asked him playfully as she splashed him and laughed."Yes, but I'd be careful unless you want to find yourself IN the fountain."

Neci looked at him innocently, "Do you mean like this?" She pushes Alex into the fountain and tries to jump back but he grabs her arm and pulls her in after him. She lands on top of him and stares at him as they both sit in the fountain soaking wet. She stands up and places her hands on her hips and glares down at the soaking Alex. "Alex!! Now look what you've done. My dress is soaking wet! Ugh...men!"

Alex smirks up at her and looks her up and down. "I think it looks good like that, really shows off your...umm assets."

She steps out of the fountain and glares down at him while she starts trying to wring the water out of her dress, while giving Alex a nice view of her long legs. "Well it's a good thing I was wearing this blue dress instead of the white one I was going to wear today."

Alex stands and steps out of the fountain, dripping wet, and just stands there watching her. "You know, you look more beautiful everyday."

Neci smiles up at him. "I'm soaked to the bone in this dress that's clinging to me like a second skin and you say I'm beautiful." She moves in closer to him and leans up, kissing him passionately, molding her body to his.

Alex wraps his arms around her waist and kisses her back just as hard then smiles at her. "Well with the dress clinging to your body like that, how could I not find you beautiful?"

"Still, it was mean of you to pull me in like that." She moans into his kiss and presses her body closer against him. "I think you should make it up to me." She smiles at him with a twinkle in her eyes.

He raises an eyebrow at her while running his hands up and down her back. "Oh, and how would you propose I do that?"

She simply smiles at him while grabbing one of his hands and bringing around from her back to cup one of her breasts. "By helping me dry off..."

Alex smirks at her as he squeezes her breast in his hand. "What? Out here?"

Neci nods. "Why not? These are my personal gardens. No one but us will be out here. However, it is getting late and we have to get back. I have stuff that needs to be done."

He grins as he pulls up the back of her dress and rubs her bare ass. "Are you sure?"

She groans and pushes herself tighter against him. "I'm...ugh...Alex..."

"What's the matter my queen? Having trouble concentrating?" He smirks and nibbles on her neck and slaps her ass playfully.

She just moans and slides a hand into the front of his pants and wraps her fingers around his cock. He pulls up her dress higher in the front and slides a hand around, cupping and rubbing her bare pussy. She moans loudly, feeling his rough fingers rubbing against her slit and pushes his pants down his legs, stroking his hard cock. "Mmm...my knight..."

Alex lays her down in the grass and pushes her dress up, bunching it around her waist. He spreads her legs and straddles her, rubbing the head of his cock up and down her slit.

Neci groans loudly. "Ohh...Alex...don't tease me..."

"As you command, my queen..." He slowly slides his cock deep into her tight pussy, sliding it in and out of her. She moans out loud as she feels his cock sliding into her, squeezing his cock with her pussy muscles. He groans feeling her pussy contract around him as he pumps his cock in and out of her harder and faster.

She wraps her legs around his waist and rolls her hips up to meet his thrusts. "Ohhh...mmm yessss..." She pulls him down and kisses him long and hard as he fucks her.

He returns the kiss with passion and pumps his hard cock into her tight, wet pussy harder and faster.

She thrusts her hips up against him in time with his pumping, moaning loudly the closer she gets. "Mmmm...ohh Alex...we have...to make this...uhh quick..."

Alex nods as he thrusts his cock into her pussy even harder and faster. "Ughh...yes love. I'm going to cum Neci! Uhhhh..."

She cries out and squeezes his hard cock with her pussy, thrusting her hips up towards him harder. "MMmmMM YES!! Cum in me Alex!!"

He slams his cock into her tight pussy completely and moans loudly as he starts cumming, filling her pussy with his hot cum. She screams out as her pussy starts contracting around his, cumming all over his cock while he fills her with his seed. After a few minutes he collapses next to her then pulls her close against him, wrapping his arms around her and holding her close.

She smiles and snuggles against him. "Hey, you didn't help me dry off at all. You just made me wetter and more of a mess." She leans down and kisses him softly. "Well, at least you didn't rip the dress this time. You were a little over eager last time."

Alex grins and kisses her back. "Can you blame me? Besides the dress was yellow, and yellow just doesn't do you enough credit." He smirks as he tries to pull his wet pants back on and stuff his cock back into them.

Neci laughs as she stands and pushes her dress back down around her legs. "Come on you sweet talker. We need to go get cleaned up and dried off before meeting with the diplomats from the surrounding kingdoms."

Neci and Alex walk back into the palace dripping water behind them all the way to their chambers. Once they get back to their room they strip naked and dry off before changing into dry clothing. Neci runs her fingers through her hair trying to calm it a bit and nods at Alex. They leave their room and head for the main hall where the diplomats are already waiting for the Queen's arrival.