 Part 3 - the flowering of a penis

Waiting for Siobhan was not a new experience for Danielle. It seemed she had been doing just that for most of her life. They were to meet where they always seemed to meet - and Danielle was there and waiting. 

The grating in the road clanked as a lorry went over it. Once, she remembered, sitting on the very bench she was now sitting upon, she had got really splashed by a lorry going past. It had been raining the whole day and evidently the surface water drain had become blocked and there had been a large puddle right in front of the seat. She had been sitting there in her gabardine raincoat, with her pleated blue school skirt under it and no doubt white blouse and school tie when a lorry had gone past and sent an enormous surge of rainwater right over her legs and shoes. Siobhan had seen it and had laughed - just like a drain!

Where was the dratted girl? Why was she always late?

Danielle swung her bare legs as she sat on the self same old wooden bench. No chance of a soaking, more perhaps the pity. Even in the shade of the tree by the bench it was just so hot. The heat was simply sweltering and even wearing her light cotton summer dress she could feel the perspiration pouring. Sensibly she had come out with a litre of water but that was fast disappearing. She was not yet really thirsty but knew thirst would not be long in coming. Where was that girl? They could go and have an ice cream. The thought of licking up a creamy, vanilla ice cream cone, sliding the ice cream smooth, white and creamy around her mouth was such a pleasing thought. Where was that girl?

Sauntering along, her brown legs moving under a short denim skirt, with a pink tee shirt and floppy cotton sun hat came Siobhan as if she had not a care in the world. Upon her wrist no wristwatch. Daniele thought Siobhan had little idea of time at all. She watched her friend pause outside the old door opposite where she was sitting. She had not even waved, not even acknowledged her presence and shrugged her shoulders as some sort of apology for her tardiness. If anything she now seemed more interested in that old door than her friend. It was an old, green painted door, leastways it had been green but now a lot of undercoat and grey, bare wood showed through. It desperately needed repainting. Blow torching down, priming, undercoating and repainting.

Set in an old brick wall of the most orange brickwork Danielle had ever seen, it had, Danielle knew, always intrigued her friend. Siobhan was wont to make up stories about what lay beyond. Danielle watched as her friend even tried the knob but as Danielle expected the door did not open. She had never seen it open. Danielle frowned. Leastways she thought she had never seen it open. She had a fleeting memory - or was it imagination or a dream she had had - of a pretty garden with a cool pool and fountain and swimming fish. Lovely darting fish with little nibbling mouths. Had she and Siobhan not gone through that very door the week before and... the fragment of memory went as quickly as it had come. No, she did not think that was likely. She would certainly have remembered.

From the old wooden door with its round head set in a brick arch, Siobhan walked across the street with a happy smile on her face towards Danielle. Despite a rather flat chest Danielle thought her just so pretty with her flowing red hair and freckles. A momentary vision came of Siobhan naked and with those freckles showing all around the big areolae of her breasts; thoughts too in her mind of her pretty hips and ginger curls all over a mounded mons veneris. Danielle frowned, where had that thought come from?

"Aren't you pleased to see me? You're frowning."

"You're late, Siobhan."

The girl swung around and planted herself next to her friend, put her arm around her and gave her a squeeze and a peck on the cheek.. Knee to knee, close as they had always been, it was hard, really, to be cross with the girl. She had not, really, been frowning about the lateness, in any case. She had been looking forward to the meeting. Indeed had been thinking about it during the week. Indeed, about sitting there and looking at that old green door.

"Fancy an ice-cream?"

They watched as the man they had always regarded as rather grumpy came out of his house. It was over to the left of them. For a moment Danielle thought she saw a smile come over his face as he too noticed them but the usual morose look she knew was back immediately.

"Yes, please, a double I think!" She said it as she watched the man disappearing around a corner. "Why's he always so grumpy looking?"

They stood as one. But Danielle did not get an answer

"Danielle! The door..."

Danielle did a 'double take,' the old door with its flaking green paint was ajar. She was sure it had not been moments before - indeed, had Siobhan not tried the handle? "That's strange... I mean only just now..."

But Siobhan was already crossing the road and Danielle, as she so often did, simply followed.

"Look," said her friend as she peered through the slightly opened door, "there is a garden. Shall we just take a little look?"

"I don't think we should..." but Siobhan was already pushing the door and stepping through. It had obviously not been a question really, Siobhan had more been making a statement.

The sight that met Danielle was quite breathtaking. A hidden garden just behind the orange brick wall, the contrast with the street striking. Instead of hot tarmac the soft greenness of a mown lawn, neat brick paths with overhanging trees and, most importantly of all, bright colourful flowers yielding wonderful scents as the essential oils were brought out by the heat of the sun. It was, all in all, a complete inundation of the senses. Upon the lawn a sprinkler gently played and within a stone pool, right at its centre, brilliant goldfish swam. Danielle stood in the doorway taking it all in, her hand resting on the orange brickwork. It was really warm to the touch.

Already her friend had taken herself into the garden rather than simply having a mere peek. There was no one around Danielle could see but, even so, it was not their garden to choose to take a walk within nor a public park: rather it was most clearly a private garden, a hidden private garden.

Just as she had done crossing the road, Danielle followed her friend. It annoyed her a little she was always the follower but it had ever been thus. The sprinkler caught her as she walked after Siobhan, its steady rain falling a little on the brick path as well as the lawn making her legs and the hem of her dress a little wet. It hardly mattered given the heat of the day. It was just the same for Siobhan. Ahead of her Danielle could see her friend's brown legs were spotted with water droplets though her higher hemline meant her clothes had escaped a wetting.

The water of the pool looked so clear, almost inviting a young girl to slip her legs into it to cool them. The goldfish swam lazily around, their little mouths moving as the searched for something to eat. Again Danielle had a sort of recollection as if she had seen the pool before, even dipped her legs or... she frowned... bottom in the water.

"Danielle, Danielle, look!"

Siobhan was holding a flower in her hand. So pretty, but she had picked it. She held it to her nose.

"Smell it, Danielle."

The scent was strong.

"You mustn't, they're not our flowers."

But Siobhan just tucked it into Danielle's black hair, a little above her right ear. It was pink, like Siobhan's tee shirt. It would not clash with Danielle's light blue gingham dress.

"Pretty," said Siobhan and kissed her lightly on the cheek.

"Siobhan, let's go..."

But the girl almost danced further down the brick path, her orange hair as colourful as the flowers. Danielle smiled, her friend was incorrigible. That was how she was, pretty as a picture and impetuous. She could not see her wildness changing. So pretty, and then another thought came to her mind about how pretty she would look naked amongst the flowers or dancing in the shining water droplets of the lawn sprinkler. Danielle frowned. That was not how she normally thought of her friend but there was no denying it would be a pretty sight.

"There's nobody here, Danielle."

"How can you be sure?"

"Oh look, a sundial! 

At the turn of the path atop a little pillar was a sundial. The gnomon cast its shadow on the dial telling the time with complete accuracy. The sun was both hot and precise in its movement across the heavens. The metal was hot to the touch.

"Ouch," said Siobhan sucking her finger with her mouth, "it's hot."

"Everywhere's hot. Come on Siobhan let's go and find an ice cream."

"Look at these."

The plants Siobhan indicated were tall with big leaves. They had clearly been recently watered and were not at all drooping in the heat of the sun: quite the opposite they were strong and clearly deriving vigour from its rays. They were both flowering and fruiting with many of the fruits not so much in the first stage of growth as ripening or ripened. Long, thick and shiny - perhaps they were aubergines or egg plants, certainly they looked very like them. Their purple black skin shone in the sun. 

So rounded, so curving, so long. The fruit looked really swollen, the shiny purple black skin so taut with the vigour of its growth. Danielle's hand reached and stroked. They were warm to the touch. She knew very well what they reminded her of and, as she made a circle with her first finger and thumb, knew exactly what she was doing. Siobhan and other girls had told her how to treat a boy, had told her that they liked to be stroked like that, had even described their own experiences. Danielle had had no such experience. It excited but slightly frightened her, the idea of delving into a boy's pants and finding something so very un-girl like.

It pleased her she was thinking of boys rather than her pretty friend.

Siobhan for her part was looking at her curiously. "Danielle - what are you doing?"

Danielle reddened, she was sure it was very obvious what she had been subconsciously really, doing.

A giggle from Siobhan, "they are rather like willies aren't they!" And she reached to take two of them, one in each hand and was rather more graphic in her movement as compared to Danielle's gentle stroking. 

And then she was away, walking up the other side of the lawn along the brick path.

With a surprising reluctance, Danielle let go of the fruit and followed her friend.

Siobhan stood looking at the sprinkler. "Phew! I'm so hot, Danny. It looks so cool doesn't it?"

The sprinkler whirred away sending thin streams of water all across the lawn and part of the path. The hose supplying it snaked away to a hidden tap.

"Do you think... just a quick shower? Nobody would mind, surely?"

"No, Siobhan!"

Incorrigible - and so pretty, despite the smallness of her breasts. With one fluid motion Siobhan had her tee shirt over her head. Bra-less of course, so she was half naked in an instant, her little breasts out in the sun. Little breasts but with such big, brown areolae.

Danielle swallowed, thoughts of boys and their aubergine like penises momentarily banished from her mind. She watched wide eyed as Siobhan unclipped her little denim skirt and pulled down her panties. Off came the sandals and there was her friend, naked as anything on the lawn and stepping into the spray of the lawn sprinkler, droplets of water suddenly appearing all over her pretty body. Her lovely soft bottom and pretty ginger curls looked so sweet, her body so lithe. And then she did just what Danielle had wanted, she danced there in the spray. So pretty with the light catching and reflecting off the droplets as the naked girl danced. Her pretty, naked body turning and her limbs moving so rhythmically.

"Come on Danielle, you too."

They had danced together before, of course, but never like this. Had danced to music in their respective bedrooms as little girls, had danced at discos and parties but not naked, not out in the open and being sprayed with lovely cool water. Of course they laughed even if they did not quite sing. Of course Danielle was conscious about how her big breasts bounced unrestrained by the now removed brassiere as she danced. But there was nothing she could do about that. She was a big girl needing restraint unlike Siobhan. She let them be. Was even rather pleased when Siobhan said she wished she had breasts like hers, not like her 'flat male chest.' Danielle did not think her friend really flat-chested, moreover she had very un-male like big areolae and altogether seemed to Danielle so very feminine.

Certainly her dancing was pretty and it was good to hold hands and swing around and around. It was lovely too to dance like that naked in the sunshine. So, sort of, natural.

It was Siobhan who did it. She just hugged Danielle to her, soft girl breast to soft girl breast. It gave Danielle a funny feeling. Between her legs she could feel a wettening which was not from the sprinkler. Her arms reached around her friend as well and hugged.

Hand in hand, they walked away from the sprinkler back up the lawn. "We need to dry," said Danielle practically. Once more the aubergine like fruit caught their eyes. To Danielle they seemed if anything more penile than before.

Nearby there were other plants with swelling buds, again the suggestion of the penis about them, some more simply just its head, its knob, but others were on stalks which suggested the whole thing. The buds were rounded and fat, bulbous and more than a little acorn shaped, looking ready to burst into flower.

Danielle was a little surprised at herself seeing penile shapes everywhere. What was she thinking? Yet they all did look somewhat phallic, calling to mind the mysterious, to Danielle, male organ. So very different to the female. How strange it must be to have all that hanging from your body and even stranger to have a fleshy stick, a prong, growing like that, six, seven or eight inches from your body. The thought fascinated Danielle. She wanted to explore one for real but had not yet had opportunity. She reached again, and so did Siobhan and felt the smooth warm skin of the purple black fruit. So smooth, so taut, the skin almost squeaked as she touched it. Once again her fingers moved and she was thinking very much of boys.

Nearby another aubergine - if that was what it was - had perhaps swelled too much and split. The taut skin had parted a little at the end and was oozing milky liquid. Danielle swallowed, she felt thirsty, it looked cool and refreshing but she did not really know what the fruit was.

And then, all of a sudden, the fruit in her hand did the self-same thing, perhaps she had squeezed a little too hard, the end split and it too began oozing milky liquid. It touched her moving fingers and she felt it was rather sticky. She was almost tempted to lick her fingers but she did not think that a wise idea. Unsurprisingly it was Siobhan who leant forward and licked the fruit she was holding.

"Siobhan, you don't know what it is, it might be poisonous."

"Mmmm!"

Poisonous or not it was clearly palatable to Siobhan. Her mouth opened and she took the end into her mouth and her cheeks hollowed.

"Mmmm, it's really nice."

The end of the fruit was wet from Siobhan's mouth when she took her lips away. The end of the purple black fruit continued to ooze white stuff from the little slit in the end where the pressure had split the growing fruit.

Danielle stared as Siobhan's pretty lips slid back over the end of the fruit. Danielle was by no means so naive as not to know what it looked just so like. It looked as if she was holding a great big black cock in her fingers whilst her friend sucked its knob; as if she was feeding her friend a boy's penis; as if her friend and she were engaged in some rather strange shared sexual activity with a black boy. The idea so erotic: playing with a penis, erecting it, fondling it but then, so strangely, feeding its bulb into her friend's mouth. Siobhan's mouth looked rather stretched but, even so, she could not help thinking how pretty her friend's lips looking sucking on a...

Danielle shook her head and looked away towards the old sundial. Really she should not be thinking that. The idea of Siobhan and she sharing a boy; in bed with a single boy or out on a country walk with a boy; one boy's hand in one of their hands as they walked and later the boy's hands holding one each of their breasts and then perhaps them sharing his cock, passing it from hand to hand or mouth to mouth - or even sucking it together, their lips meeting over it, their tongues stroking it together; and then what?

What was she thinking? What had brought this on?

Danielle was sure the sundial had not looked like that before but she could not recall quite how the gnomon had looked. Now it rose up, thick and heavy, a realistic male erection cast in lead and, in turn, casting a penile shaped shadow across the dial. The time as accurate as before only indicated rather differently - she really did not think it had looked that way before. Was it a sculpture or had the casting been taken from real life? A wax mould taken and then perhaps a plaster cast to be pressed into fine wet sand to form the mould for the lead to be cast? Etched too into the dial's design Danielle could discern a classical picture of a satyr chasing a nymph. She, slim, diaphanous and nubile: him overly erect and rather wicked looking.

Danielle turned away to the orange tree and her eye was caught by a pair of oranges growing together. One hung a little lower than the other: it was so suggestive of testes in their sack.

Danielle knew she was turned on, she seemed to be seeing sexual allusion wherever she looked. She turned back to her friend, there was juice from the fruit on her lips, white juice. "Siobhan," she said again, her earlier alarm returning, "it might be poisonous!"

"Don't you a-worry, lassies, you won't come to no harm,"

Danielle jumped. She had neither seen nor heard anyone coming but there, close by and watching was a man she took to be the gardener. She and Siobhan were no longer alone. A tall old man with grey curly hair and long beard. A man used to physical work. It was easy to tell that by looking at his big nut brown hands, calloused and strong. His eyes had wrinkles all around them and he was smiling at them showing his good white teeth. It gave him a kindly look. He was dressed in old grey, rather baggy, trousers held up by twin red braces over a white, long sleeved shirt with the sleeves rolled up. A rather striking Royal Blue waistcoat with brass buttons hung open. Upon his feet brown boots suggesting a man engaged in gardening. Was he the gardener? 

"Suck t' juice, do yers good, keep t' colour in cheeks like."

It was not clear which 'cheeks' he meant. Siobhan had been bending forward and her own naked bottom had been right next to her own. The man would have had a good view of their respective bottom cheeks as he came up the path,

"Sun be strong t'day. All things growing, t'buds bursting, fruit ripening, even me ol' cock wants to grow hard n' strong like."

It was an easy movement, an unhurried almost casual movement, pulling open his trousers and exposing himself to the young girls; supported by braces, the trousers' top just hung apart revealing his limp penis. Brown and so wrinkled, nothing smooth about it anymore than there was about the twin balls below. The balls looked more like a pair of walnuts than something human. Danielle looked at Siobhan and Siobhan looked at Danielle before looking back. There it was, the man's penis so brown with its end a mass of little brown folds. She knew that to be his foreskin, his protective prepuce. She had read about that. And then the penis began to move.
