 The next few weeks flew by thanks to work, school, and job fairs. There wasn't much of a noticeable difference in Michelle and Sam's "relationship" except their ability to find excuses to be around each other. Michelle began to crave Sam's presence, and would go to almost any length to have it. 

She had spent many, many nights reliving that morning in the privacy of her shower. Each time she reached another orgasm thanks to Sam, she realized how badly she needed to even the score. At the same time, she really didn't want to force anything along. The worst thing she could do is introduce a level of awkwardness to their relationship.

Thankfully, the opportunity arose all on its own one Thursday night. Michelle was walking back from a late lab when she received a text from Sam: "Please tell me you're still on campus..." 

Michelle messaged him back to say that she was, and that she was heading back toward their offices. 

Sam responded asking her to meet him at his office whenever she was done with what she needed to do. Michelle's body jumped to a new level of excitement as she finished her trek across campus. The building their offices were in was always empty by this time of night. They'd finally have some alone time together again.

Michelle dropped her stuff off and walked down the hall to knock on Sam's door. He had it cracked open so she let herself in. Sam was sitting at his desk listening to music and grading papers. Michelle snuck up behind him and placed her hands on his shoulders. Sam about jumped 10 feet in the air. Michelle busted out laughing at Sam's extreme reaction as he remarked, "You scared the shit out of me!"

Michelle looked down at what Sam was grading. "Yuck, linked lists. How long have you been working on this?" 

Sam commented that he'd been going at it for about two hours and he was ready to 'accidentally lose' the rest. Suddenly, a great idea came to Michelle...a way she could get him relaxed and they could both enjoy themselves. 

"Why don't you sit back down and get comfortable?" she asked him. Sam gave her a quizzical look but went ahead and did was she said. Michelle turned around and flicked off the lights. 

"What the hell?" Sam asked. 

"No more grading, just relax," Michelle told him. As she bent over to turn off his monitor, she purposely pressed her breasts against his back. Sam exhaled a small sigh and let himself succumb to her directive.

Michelle stood behind Sam's chair and again placed her hands on his shoulders. Sam tensed up at first, but gradually began to relax as Michelle massaged the stress from his muscles. 

Michelle had this secret when it came to giving massages. She believed in the transfer of energy through touch, so she liked to fantasize about the most sensual things she could think of. This made her release all of the thoughts that were holding her back from focusing only on the task at hand. And as a result, her body and hands moved to instincts that were far more primal than calculated. 

With her eyes closed and her thoughts racing about all of the things she wanted to do to Sam, Michelle's hands began to dance back and forth between massaging Sam's shoulders and back to lightly running her nails over the same area and up through his hair. Sam began to let out soft moans of pleasure, and this helped Michelle get lost in the massage even more. 

With her thoughts flying everywhere, Michelle was surprised when Sam spun his chair around and pulled her down into his lap. His hands found her face in the dark, and then his lips found hers. They kissed passionately and thoroughly. 

Every time one of them paused to take a breath, the other would take charge and use their tongue or mouth to bring about some new pleasure. Michelle did this thing where she would suck on Sam's bottom lip and nip it gently with her teeth, and it was driving him crazy. 

Below her, Michelle felt Sam growing harder and she vowed that she was not going to let that cock get away from her this time. Before Sam could start running the show like last time, Michelle took charge. She climbed off of Sam's lap (while still trying to kiss him, mind you) and unabashedly placed her hand on Sam's cock. 

Sam moaned into Michelle's mouth, and she took this as all of the encouragement she needed to start massaging him through his pants. She couldn't wait to get him free, but also didn't want to push things too quickly. Sam had taken his time with her, so she was going to do the same to him.

She alternated between rubbing/massaging him, and just lightly running her fingers along his length in random patterns. Sam's moans were growing as this continued, and Michelle decided it was time for her to make much better use of her mouth...

Without a word she settled to her knees in front of Sam, and began to undo his belt and the button to his pants. Sam's eyes were wide with excitement as she moved on to unzipping him with a painful slowness (that was probably actually pretty fast if his brain had been capable of processing events in real-time). Sam put his hands on either side of the chair and picked himself up a bit so Michelle could slide his pants down. 

Sitting there in just his boxers, all breath left his body when Michelle's mouth was suddenly pressed against the outside of the material. The pressure...the warmth, damn it felt good. 

Michelle teased Sam a bit by kissing along the inside of his thighs. She nipped at the soft flesh of his legs and made up for it by licking the spot afterward. She hooked her fingers into the waistband of his boxers and Sam eagerly picked himself up again so she could also pull those out of the way.

Michelle helped Sam get his shoes, pants, and boxers all the way off so that he'd have nothing restraining him from just sitting back and enjoying the ride. As he got settled in again, he looked down at Michelle. 

His eyes had adjusted to the dim light, and he could see the small smile she had as her eyes looked right back at him. In an instant he realized two things: that she must have been planning this, and that she was really enjoying herself. Both thoughts turned him on even more (well after he thought that was possible). 

Michelle was absolutely thrilled to be at the moment she had been waiting for. Softly, she took Sam's cock into her hand. She loved the way that the skin felt so smooth while he was so hard at the same time. 

As she lightly ran her hand up and down it, Sam let his head fall back onto the chair and he closed his eyes, trying to do exactly what she had told him in the first place—relax. With her hands now taking turns to massage his cock, he wasn't sure how long he would be able to accomplish that simple task.

Since Sam wasn't watching Michelle's moves, he was again taken by surprise when suddenly her tongue swirled around the head of his cock. He let out a loud moan as the sensation washed over him and was promptly given a stern, "Shhh!" With her head still buried in his lap, Michelle admonished Sam, "Get too loud and you might get us caught, and I'm NOT about to lose my job. Keep that up and I'm going to stop... You don't want me to stop, do you?" 

Sam looked down to see if she was serious, and saw that mischievous glint again. Michelle said to him, "I find it really hot when a guy pulls my hair if something feels good, how about we try that?" In one swift motion, she used one of her hands to wrap her hair up in a tight spiral. "Will you hold this for me?" she asked.

Sam almost laughed to himself—where does she get off acting innocent with one hand wrapped around his cock and her mouth about to follow? Sam gladly took the coil of hair in his hand and held onto it for dear life as Michelle instantly jumped into bobbing her head up and down on the first couple of inches of his cock. 

Her hand held the base tightly, but Sam found himself wanting more of the warm heat of her mouth wrapped around him. Without even realizing he was doing it, Sam started using the hand holding her hair to press her mouth further down on his cock. 

Michelle was more than happy to willingly oblige. She loved it when the man took control and was able to show her how he wanted to be pleased. She released his cock and moved both hands to his hips to steady herself. With Sam now fucking Michelle's mouth in a steady yet unhurried pace, and Michelle grabbing his hips and almost pulling him forward, Sam was overcome with the desire expressed by Michelle. 

So this is what it felt like to get head from a girl who actually wanted to do it? He would never be able to go back to the average blowjob again. The feelings, the sensations—they were unmatchable. 

After letting Sam have some fun in control, Michelle took back over by placing her hands back on his cock. With one hand she massaged up and down in time with her mouth, and with the other hand she lightly tugged on Sam's balls. The tingling in Sam's body began to build up as she found a rhythm that his cock was quite happy with. 

Knowing that Sam was getting close to cumming, Michelle changed into 'frenzy' mode. She cleared her mind and thought about nothing else than tasting every little bit of Sam she could get a hold of. 

To Sam it almost felt like Michelle's tongue was everywhere at once—wrapped around the head of his cock, sliding along the base when he was deep enough in her mouth to hit the back of her throat, licking his balls as she continued to jack him off. Sam gripped her hair tighter as the sensations continued to build and build. 

The pulling on her hair caused Michelle to moan and this pushed Sam closer to the edge. She once again took up the rhythm of sucking on as much of him as she could get in at that pace and using her hand to cover the rest. As Sam felt his grip on reality starting to slip, he grabbed her head with both hands and thrust his cock into her mouth. 

"I'm....about to.....cum..." Sam managed to pant out, and Michelle gave him a big moan and squeeze to signal that she wanted him to cum in her mouth. That did it. As Sam began shooting his load into her mouth, Michelle pressed her tongue against the tip which somehow caused it to intensify the feeling of release. 

Michelle continued to milk his cock until she was sure that she got it all, then slowly she let him slide out of her mouth. She threw her head back and swallowed, and used the back of her hand to wipe off the sides of her mouth. Sam sat in the chair in a pleasant state of after-shock as Michelle leaned forward and gave his cock a soft kiss and darted her tongue out to grab the last little bit of cum that had seeped out. 

She rummaged around the pile of clothes, found his boxers, and turned them around right so he could get them back on; next followed his pants, then his shoes. When Sam was back to a rightful state of dress, Michelle stood up and Sam pulled her back down onto his lap. 

He wrapped his arms around her and nuzzled his head against the chest. "That was the hottest thing ANYONE has ever done for me," he told Michelle. 

Michelle smiled and asked, "So what did you text me for anyway?" 

"Oh, " Sam replied, "I just needed a ride home."