 SPREADING THE CIRCLE

[This program was written by SexyGeek and his computer. All the random events in the story were actually generated by random numbers on the computer, so even the author had no idea how the story would play out.]


The Sky Club was what we called the annex on the fourth floor of the old ivy-covered dorm. It was four rooms, two occupied by girls and two by guys, connecting to a common room, and reached only by its own stairway. Although our college prided itself as a model of diversity, the eight of us who drew into those rooms found we had a lot more in common than we did differences. We all delighted in sharing the secret of Nostradamus. Our leader had become Mike the Geek, affectionately named because he was never separated from his laptop computer. Yes, that computer was named Nostradamus. Mike never admitted that he saw it as anything but another sentient being.

At the beginning of the semester, Mike had introduced us to a novel idea. He proposed writing a program for his computer that would randomly generate sexy games for us to play. We four guys enthusiastically bought into that idea. The four girls giggled and looked at each other and soon agreed too. So Mike set to work in some mysterious thing called C++ and soon produced the first game.

We began with just stripping. Being directed by a computer somehow made it easier to take our clothes off in front of each other, and also added an exciting element to the game. Then week by week the orders given us by Nostradamus became more and more intense. Eventually, as the first five chapters of this story tell, we had all seen each other and had each other in pretty much every possible way including bi and orgy. It was really beginning to seem there was not much new to do.

We had all evolved a sort of unspoken agreement that our Saturday afternoons stayed in the Sky Club and did not carry over into the rest of the week. Sex rarely occurred between any of us (except Jamaal and Anna Marie who were a long standing couple). Many of us dated other people and sometimes got hot and heavy with them. But on Saturday afternoons we were all back obeying Nostradamus' orders.

We had gotten very casual with each other, and of course there was a lot of banter between us all. One Wednesday night Kia and Faleesha were lounging around the Sky Club in their pajamas, and Mike was sitting at the computer in his ratty old bathrobe when I walked in. "Hey, Geek," I said. Geek was a very affectionate nickname for Mike, and we had learned from the previous college generation that in 20 years the Geek usually turned into the Boss. "Does Nostradamus have any new ideas for next Saturday?"

"Well, I have been working on a C++ program ..." said the Geek. We all perked up because usually that meant something interesting was coming. I am an English major and hate tech talk, but now I let Mike go on. "All our Saturdays start out with stripping now. I think some of us are getting pretty good at it!" He couldn't be referring to himself. Wiggling out of his briefs to let his cock stand up from his nest of red pubic hair was about all the showmanship he had. But Anna Marie was becoming adept at shaking her big boobs with the large pink nipples, and Sara was as fiery as a Hispanic girl can be when she untied the strings on her bikini bottom. If I do say so myself, I was able to do a pretty good job of peeling off a muscle shirt to show the fine line of brown hair running down my chest to my hard rod, too. Nevertheless we listened to see what Mike had to suggest.

"I think it is time to let some other people see our show," he continued. Kia gave a gasp at that, and I admit I was a bit taken aback too. But I thought about the mental freedom the random numbers gave us, somehow relieving us of the need to make a decision whether to drop that next piece of clothing. Could I do it in front of a bunch of people outside our own group? I wondered.

"We all still have our passwords," he continued. "If everybody enters their password into Nostradamus sometime between now and Thursday at 10 PM, he will set up a random strip show for Saturday." Faleesha was nodding, Kia was looking uncommitted. I tried to control my face too.

"For this time, I think each of us needs to invite a member of our same sex, not a possible romantic involvement. That will still give us a mixed audience. We will let the audience think they are playing the game, but it will all be decided by Nostradamus' random numbers. I will tell the others, and leave Nostradamus sitting on the desk all day tomorrow," were the instructions Mike gave us.

Just as it had been before, when we had to all make a decision about trying bisexuality, voting day was a bit difficult. None of us hung around the lounge, but it seemed all of us passed through it frequently. About mid-afternoon I stuck my head in and saw the lounge empty and Nostradamus sitting on the table. I walked over, took a deep breath and typed in my password. Just as I did I heard a deep chuckle behind me. Jamaal was there with Anna Marie on his arm. 

"Doing your math homework, Aaron? Or maybe typing in a password?" Jamaal asked. "It is no secret that I like to see Anna Marie strip and she likes to see me." He walked over to the computer and typed something in. Anna Marie did the same, and even the fact that her large boobs gave me a perfect downblouse as she bent over to type did not distract me from trying to see what she typed. Had they both indeed input their passwords? Was I going to get naked in front of a room full of our college mates?

Thursday evening rolled around. About 5 minutes after 10, my roommate Mike said, "Well, time to check with Nostradamus." He still treated the computer like a person, and I had no idea whether it had given him any clue up to now. We went out into the common room and all our group was gathered around. Mike went to the screen, typed something in, and then stared at and said, "HMMMMM..."

I couldn't stand it. "For the love of Pete, tell us!"

"Oh," said Mike innocently, "I was just thinking about the graphics I will put into the program for the benefit of our guests."

I threw a pillow at him. "So the public show is on, then?" I asked.

"Nostradamus says he is looking forward to it," was Mike's reply. "Remember everybody gets to invite a friend of the same sex."

The next day, I had lunch with my buddy Keith. I sort of babbled around a bit, and then started talking to him about random numbers. He stared at me, and said, "Aaron, you are talking math? I thought you failed multiplication in fourth grade?"

So I had to try to explain some more about the games. Eventually he seemed to get the idea. "You mean everybody takes their clothes off when this computer pops out a random number? Guys and girls both?"

I confirmed his idea, and then sprung the invitation on him to come watch Saturday. He stared at me in amazement. "Four girls getting naked? Four luscious girls?  Taking their clothes off because a computer tells them to? How could I miss that? I'll be there!"

Saturday afternoon arrived. We had spent the morning re-arranging the Sky Club. The couch and four chairs were pushed against one wall, and we dragged three beds out of the bedrooms to line the other wall for our guests. This left a space at the end of the room where everybody could watch the action, and made it possible to walk down between the audience members to face one set or the other.

We had talked it over and decided that to make the game faster, each one of us would only wear two articles of clothing. This meant things were going to get really interesting really quick.

So here was the lineup. Anna Marie, our statuesque blonde with the biggest boobs in the sky club was in baby doll nighties. Her guest was her friend Tonya, as skinny as Anna Marie was buxom but very pretty. Jamaal, her boyfriend, so black that campus rumor made him the son of an African king, had a fellow jock from the football team, Gus, tall, blonde and crewcut.

Little Kia, our Asian beauty, brought her friend Tasha, a Russian exchange student. Kia liked formal gowns and she had a low cut one on today to take off. Jose, our Hispanic man about campus, had a friend named Juan who looked as irrepressible as Jose was. Sara the fiery Hispanic girl was in her bikini and brought a little black girl with heavy glasses that looked geekier than Mike. Her name was Becky. I had my buddy Keith, of course, with his unkempt red beard.

Faleesha was in a buttoned up shirt through which her pointed nipples projected. She brought a girl named T'Keela whose coffee-with-cream complexion matched her own. It turned out she was from Jamaica.

Then Mike walked in the door, and there was a girl with him. She was tall, with stringy blondish hair, and even in her sloppy clothes was obviously flat chested. We all looked at Mike wondering what was up. The deal was to bring members of the same sex.

"This is my friend Vickie," he said. "She is the champion of the school chess club, but not of the Chest Club." We all groaned at that. "Now all you guys brought buddies who are looking forward to seeing some naked girls today. And I want you to know that Vickie is, too! I assure you that she has no interest in me or any of you muscle men, but the thought of four naked girls really turns her on. So I thought that for the purposes of a strip show, she belonged in the group of girl-watching friends we brought."

We all looked at each other on that one. One of our Saturdays had been spent trying out the idea that "bi is beautiful," so the notion of having a lesbian watch the strip was not totally off the wall. All of us guys grinned. I am afraid I cherished the secret idea that I might be able to make her take notice of my cock, and I suspect that the other guys did too. We looked over at the girls to see how they were taking this.

Sara giggled and immediately said, "No es problemo, amiga! You watch all you want!" Anna Marie laughed too and squeezed Jamaal's thigh to show what she thought of it. Faleesha nodded assent, and finally Kia shrugged her shoulders and did too. So Vickie sat down on the bed between two of the boys. My pal Keith, the dunderhead, tried to put his hand on her thigh and got it slapped away. That ended that notion.

The Geek then introduced everybody to Nostradamus, and explained the rules. One person from each team, the Girl-Watchers and the Guy-Watchers, would press F1 or F12 and Mike had designed a big graphic of dice rolling. The winning team then got to press F5 and a gender locked number would designate the person from the Sky Club to strip. Except for involving our friends as audience this was pretty much how our first experiment had gone weeks ago.

The audience was, of course, enthusiastic about this. They were getting all the fun of watching without having to worry about stripping themselves. We participants had all stripped for each other lots of times now, but the idea of having some other people watch was a big turn on.

"OK," said Mike, "Let's have one captain from each team." Keith got up for the Girl-Watchers, and when he pressed F1 two dice rolled on the screen and came up 8. A couple of the guys cheered, and sure enough when T'Keela pressed for her team she rolled a 6. So one of our girls would be the first to strip. We watched to see who it would be. Keith's finger pushed the button and SARA flashed on the screen.

She was the perfect one to start this game. She never had been self conscious on our Saturdays and this time was no exception. She bounced out of her chair and into the middle of the room and began gyrating around. Her bikini this week was a light green, skimpy as always. The two triangles of the top barely covered her nipples, and the two triangles at the bottom did little more down there. As she wiggled around the room there was lots and lots of tanned skin showing. She danced over to the guys (and Vickie) and waggled her tits at them. She untied the string around her neck and pulled it down until the tan lines on the top of her tits was showing to them. Then she turned around and waggled her butt at them. She was facing the Sky Clubbers now and she gave us a big wink and pulled her top all the way down, showing us those fabulous boobs a very light brown where her tan stopped. She reached behind her back, took the top all the way off and threw it over her shoulder to the audience. Then she put her hands on top of her head and undulated her way around until she was standing right in front of the Girl-Watchers waggling her tits at them. She gave a final bounce right in Vickie's face and then came back to sit down. Sara had really started the show off in a great way! I could see hard cocks straining against their jeans on the Girl-Watcher's side.

So once again the two teams rolled. An 8 for the girls and a 7 for the guys meant one of us fellows would strip next. Nostradamus flashed JAMAAL and the footballer strutted out into the middle of the floor. He had on his football jersey in the college's garnet and white colors and a pair of cutoff jeans.  We laughed as he unsnapped the jeans and pulled the zipper down. His big black cock bounced briefly out of them but as he bent over to take them off his jersey fell down to cover it. He kicked the jeans away and walked over to the girls on the bed, his cock forcing the thin jersey fabric forward. In front of them he turned around and raised his hands over his head as if throwing a forward pass, which made his jersey rise up and give them a good flash of his hard dark ass. Then he sat back down next to Anna Marie, and we noticed her hand sneak under the jersey possessively. T'Keela and Natalie were both wiggling their butts around a little bit and I figured they were getting wet.

"Roll again," one of the observers yelled. They did, a 2 for the Girl-Watchers and an 8 for their opponents. That meant another guy, and the number came up for Jose. He liked to show off his stuff and he came into the center of the room in a muscle shirt a size too small and a pair of sweat pants, sticking out in front where his hardon hit them. He peeled off the shirt and waved it across Becky's face, which made her giggle. He then pranced around letting everybody get a good look at his toned abs and pecs.

The dice rolled again, 8 for the Girl-Watchers which got their hopes up but lost to a 12. Random numbers did their work, and JOSE got called again. He grinned his cocky grin at being the first one doing the Full Monty, and worked his sweat pants off his butt until they just hung on his stiff rod in front. He turned his back to the Guy-Watchers and clenched the cheeks of his ass, making his cock dance where we could see it. Then he pulled the pants up off his rod and let them drop to the floor and turned back to the audience. As I had suspected, the first thing he did was dance over to Vickie and shake his cock at her. She chuckled and turned to Keith sitting next to her and whispered something which made him laugh too. A bit put out that he couldn't impress the lesbian girl, Jose went back to his chair and sat there with his rod dancing.

Another dice roll gave 8 and 5, which meant a girl was up. KIA, flashed Nostradamus' screen, and Kia rose gracefully to her feet in the formal gown. It was strapless, and we were not quite sure how her small tits were holding it up. The side had a slit all the way up to her waist and her leg flashed in and out as she danced sedately around. Her hand went to the zipper, and that engineering marvel fell away from her tits and framed them nicely. She continued to wiggle it down revealing a tiny black thong under it, barely covering her pussy. As she turned slowly around twice everybody got a nice view of her little ass with only strings over it. She walked over to Gus and put a foot up on his thigh, giving him a good close up look at pussy covered only with a bit of black cloth. He looked as if he were going to stick his tongue out and lick it but she danced away.

Again the dice. Vickie rolled for the Girl-Watchers and they cheered her 12. The Guy-Watchers tried but an 11 did not win for them. So another girl was to strip. ANNA MARIE was the call. Smiling her big smile she stood up in her almost transparent baby dolls. She knew her best asset, and bent forward so that her big tits almost fell out of the top. She pulled the straps off her shoulders and the tits popped entirely free, hanging down in front of her and swinging gently. She straightened up to turn around, and bent over again so her ass in the light nightie material was to the audience, then spread her legs wide so that her boobs once again were revealed by looking between her legs. She turned once again, rubbed her fingers around her large areolas and caressed her nipples, and then sat down on Jamaal's lap. He leaned over and teased her nipple with his tongue. All of the guys watched with open mouths, and Vickie licked her lips.

Back to the computer, and the dice roll was 5 to 9. MIKE flashed on the screen and the Geek came out on the floor. He winked at Vickie and unbuttoned his shirt, dropping it down so his skinny chest was revealed. He tried to dance a bit but failed miserably. Vickie winked at him then and he sat down.

Vickie rolled again for the Girl-Watchers, and got a 7 to the girls' 5. KIA came up again. She dimpled at that with her little smile, then got up and simply pulled down her thong and stepped out of it. She waved it around at the guys, and spread her legs so the pink lips of her pussy were clearly seen beneath their very light covering of hair. Then she walked over and wrapped the thong around Vickie's head and pulled her near to rub her tits on Vickie's lips. Vickie gave those pretty little nipples a quick lick. Then Kia did the same thing to Juan and we tried to figure out which Girl-Watcher had enjoyed it more. Kia giggled and went back to her seat. It seems the girls were entranced by the lez idea too.

Now a 6 against an 11 sent another guy stripping. AARON was the name and that is me. So I peeled off my muscle shirt, revealing the dark strip of hair running down chest to my navel and on into my shorts. I am not as buff as Jose and Jamaal, but I felt pretty good showing off to this audience. I stood in front of Natalie and gave her a good bump of my hips, and she smiled at me.

Dice rolls of 6 and 3 brought a girl up. FALEESHA got her first chance to dance. I don't know where she learned to be so sexy, but she tantalized all of us as she undid one button at a time on her shirt. Slowly button by button her boobs emerged, and finally she pulled the shirt open so her pointed nipples were directed right at my friend Keith. I saw him swallow hard and lick his lips but then she pulled away from him and began to rub them herself. The whole bed full of guys were really getting worked up, and I saw Vickie's hand steal down to her crotch too.

The Girl-Watchers sent Vickie up again and her luck held as she rolled an 8 for them against a 4. ANNA MARIE was Nostradamus' pick. She bounced around the room a couple of times showing off those big boobs again and then turned her back to the guys and bent forward to drop her bottoms. They slid down showing her beautiful rounded ass, and as she stepped out of them I knew that the watchers were seeing a flash of her pink pussy. Slowly she turned, so that they had a good look at the light blonde hair decorating her pubic mound and the pink lips under it. She reached a hand into her crotch and lightly fingered her pussy, then brought out the damp finger and licked it off. Then she went and sat on Jamaal's lap, her butt pressing against his hard shaft. Gus, Jamaal's buddy, was taking this in, and his hand was in his crotch trying not to let anybody see it moving.

A 6 against a 7 meant another guy to strip. The number came up for Jamaal and he came out on the floor and got a big laugh by taking a three point stance as if he were in a football game. Of course this showed off his ass and let his cock dangle below his jersey. Then he burst forward with his arms in a blocking position, and then peeled the jersey over his head and raised his arms high to show off his massive black chest with the buff abs and mighty pecs. The Guy-Watchers' bed cheered him on, and we all smiled except Anna Marie. Her eyes narrowed a little bit, and when he sat back down her fingers traced over his chest and nipples. T'Keela gave a little gasp and a moan as she watched that.
