 My college roommate has an incredibly hot girlfriend. Straight blonde hair just past the shoulders, big green eyes, boobs that surgeons only wish they could replicate, an onion shaped ass, and a wasp waist with a flat yet toned belly. She's always really bouncy and happy and will make any room seem just a little bit brighter. Passion is like breathing for her. When she's happy, she's really happy. When she's angry, find some cover. And when she's horny, she dives in with both feet and goes at it with amazing fervor. My roomy is a great guy but sometimes just a little on the clueless side. Combine that with the fact that they have a very open relationship, and you have a recipe for unexpected fun.

Paige had been off and on flirting with me for at least a semester. This came to a head during a lecture last year when she very nonchalantly leaned her arm on my shoulder and gently teased my nipple. Since we were in public, I couldn't do much but stifle my moans and feel her excitement as she watched my pants bulge in a vain attempt to hold my raging hard on. But that's another story. 

One rather cold night, Paige had to take a paper to the sciences building to turn in before her class early the next day. Since that building was way across campus, she asked her fella if he would go with her in the interests of safety. He was much too busy, so she asked me. Given the opportunity to walk around with her and perhaps watch her yummy little ass as she walked, I jumped at the chance.

We suited up and walked on over to the science building. The late hour and the cold conspired to keep most everyone in their toasty rooms. Lots of lights and a full moon allowed me to watch Paige's lovely little ass rock back and forth as we trudged across the quad. I had to restrain myself more than once from just reaching out and grabbing a handful of her pert butt and squeezing. However, there was no stopping the hard on that was beginning to grow in my pants.

After the paper was safely shoved under the professor's door, I suggested that we detour to the gazebo that sat between that building and the library. The campus had recently decreed that smoking could only happen in designated areas, and the gazebo was one of them. I felt the need to try and control my baser impulses and a cigarette would help. She agreed, though she hates the fact that I smoke, and we wandered on over there.

As I lit up a calming cigarette, Paige walked over to the built in benches to see if they were cold. Watching her pants stretch over her butt as she bent over was not helping me calm down much. 

"Oh, that's cold," She said, then promptly sat down anyway.

"I knew I should have worn my longer coat tonight. Now my ass is getting all cold," she grumped.

I barely heard her as my eyes were locked on her now erect nipples.

"I guess it's a good thing I wore my long coat then. There should be room enough for two in this thing," I said in an overly heroic voice.

I put out my smoke and sat down next to her, spreading my long grey wool coat out and wrapping my arm around her so that she could snuggle in close to get warm. 

"You know, your hands are kinda cold, "she said," I could warm them up for you, if you like," she continued, her voice becoming slightly more sultry.

"I'll bet you could at that," I replied, arching an eyebrow," I can think of a number of places that would make my hands very warm."

She looked up at me with smoldering eyes, smiled a wicked little smile, grabbed both of my hands and slid them slowly under her shirt. She was wearing a tight band bra, the thin smooth material stretched tightly over her breasts and indenting them slightly around the top elastic. I cupped each soft and firm tit in my hands, squeezing softly and caressing lightly over every curve. I feel her nipples perk up, though whether from the cold or my attentions I wasn't really sure. But as I ran my hands over them, I could feel them getting even harder. That was all the invitation I needed. I slid my hands under her bra and started pinching her nipples; gently at first, and then a little harder, giving them a slight pull.

She inhaled sharply at the increased pressure, let it out slowly, and settled back, a tiny tremble and a half lidded look of pleasure giving away her excitement. I leaned in close and started nibbling at her earlobe, ever so gently then with a little more tug. I could feel her breathing getting faster and quiet moans escaping her throat.

"You know, my hands are cold too," she said huskily into my ear.

With that, she slowly slid her hand down my chest, lightly caressing each curve until it reached my belt line. Grumbling at my tucked in shirt, she yanked it up sharply in front and her hand found its way to my nipples. Having seen the effect of playing with my nipples in that lecture, she knew exactly how to turn me on.

"Hmm, what have we here?" she whispered seductively.

Her hand moved slowly at first, lightly brushing over the very tip of my nipple. When she got the reaction she was expecting, my nipple standing up just a little and me catching my breath, she moved on to squeezing it and pinching slightly, getting just a little rough. Her other hand darted under my shirt and joined the first, a nipple in each hand now. She started squeezing harder and pulling on them, making me almost forget that I had her lovely tits in my hands. My cock was doing its best to break out of my pants, becoming almost painful, but the denim held...for now at least.

"Ooh, you like that, don't you?" she asked.

"You bet," I managed to say somehow.

"Me too," she breathed.

Suddenly, she darted forward, sliding between my arms and with her hands still busy under my shirt, and kissed me hard. Her mouth was open and her tongue almost forced its way past my lips. I didn't know whether to kiss her or moan, so I did both, thrusting my tongue into her mouth like I was trying to fuck her with it and giving my passion a voice that resonated straight through her.

This seemed to get her more excited as her movements become faster and rougher. She pushed forward and straddled me, not being at all gentle as she sucked and tugged on my bottom lip and twisted my nipples almost painfully. I slid my hands down to her tight ass and held on as she started grinding against my rock hard cock.

"Oh, have I gotten you all excited?" she said in a voice dripping with lust. "Let me see what I can do about that..." 

One of her hands moved lower and she started undoing my pants. As soon as she got them undone, she snaked her hand inside and grabbed my eager cock. While rhythmically pumping against me, she started fervently squeezing and massaging my hard-on. Flashing another mischievous grin at me, she pulled my shirt up and maneuvered herself under it to take my already aroused nipple into her warm moist mouth. I was electrified as she first sucked and pulled, then used the edges of her teeth to nibble on me. I threw my head back in utter bliss, my mouth half open, eyes half closed, and moaned as passion washed over and through me. My obvious excitement seemed to spur her on as she tugged on my cock more urgently, squeezing and stroking, up and down its length. She also started testing how hard I wanted her to nibble on my nipple while moving her free hand to the other one, tugging and twisting slightly.

"Do those nipples like you mean it." I snarl, "You can feel how hard that makes me."

She let out a low moan then started twisting one nipple harder and sucking on the other like she was trying to give me a hickey. As she continued to stroke and squeeze my now rock hard cock, faster and more vigorously, I arched my back and let out with an almost animal sounding moan, the ecstasy almost overwhelming my senses.

"Your nipples are nice, but I want something else in my mouth," she panted.

She pulled my almost painfully rigid dick out of my pants entirely and slid her glorious body against it as she moved down to kneel between my legs. She realized that I was so worked up that she didn't even bother to be gentle. She sucked it in hard and clamped her lips down around the shaft under the head then pulled it as far into her mouth as she could purely with suction. She started moving in and out, but she never let up on the suction so that I got pulled every time she drew away. The intense delight must have been mutual because no sooner had she started sucking than I could feel her moans of avid excitement passing through my cock and spreading through all my galvanized nerves. As the pace increased, she brought one hand down to cup my balls while the other tugged frantically on my nipple. Her motions were almost desperate, as she tried to shove my cock as far down her throat as she could, panting and moaning with unbridled passion.

Her lower hand left my balls at this point to undo her pants. She looked up at me with a look of fierce lust in her eyes.

"I need you inside me," she breathed hungrily. "I'm so wet, see?" 

She raised the hand that was so recently at her pants to my eager lips. First I licked at them then grabbed her wrist and voraciously sucked at the pussy juices all over her fingers. I had never tasted anything so sweet.

While I was distracted with her succulent fingers, she had managed to shove her pants down, exposing her exquisite tight white ass to the cold. She rose up only to lower herself down onto my wet stiff prick. We both groaned in rapture as she slowly slid me inside of her and I could feel her muscles clench around me. Both of her hands were now free to move up to pull and twist my nipples in time with her grinding against me. In contrast to her earlier fervor, now she rode me slowly, rising languorously up only to sink firmly back down onto my solid shaft, feeling it penetrate deep inside her. I felt every ripple and spasm as she moaned, sighed, and gasped. 

I instinctively slid my hands underneath her shirt and onto her slender hips. I could feel the muscles of her legs and ass tensing and releasing as she desperately ground against my shaft, a look of profound euphoria spread across her adorable face. Both of us were so transported by the moment that we completely forget how cold it was and focused instead on the savage joy racing through every inflamed nerve of our bodies. 

As the pace slowly increased, I moved my hands higher, lifting her shirt and exposing her stunning tits to give my mouth unhindered access. I took one of her nipples into my mouth and started to suck on it while simultaneously flicking my tongue rapidly against the tip. One of my hands slipped up to massage the other tit, my fingers squeezing and teasing that nipple, while the other hand moved down her clenching belly to tease her wet engorged clit. 

When I began to moan against her boob in time with her rhythm, sending shivers though her entire body, I looked up at her face. For a moment her head was thrown back in euphoric bliss, mouth open and working. She must have felt me watching because she turned her blazing green eyes down to look at me with a savage expression.

"Oh fuck yes," she said with a voice thick with lust. "I'm gonna ride you til you cum." 

When I raised an eyebrow and smiled wickedly around her tit, she said defiantly, " Oh, you're gonna cum for me baby." 

After a final lick of her boob with the flat of my tongue, I said," Not yet....not until I make you scream."

Letting my burning desire show in my eyes, I slid the boob hand around to her tight ass, continued rubbing her clit, and started pulling her down roughly onto my cock while thrusting up to meet her on the way down. Her eyes got suddenly wide, her head snapped back and she snarled," Don't you fucking stop!" After that, all I could hear were panting noises getting progressively higher in pitch and I knew she was about to cum.

Paige had, not too long before this, described what it feels like for her to have an orgasm. Her orderly world of pictures and sensations starts to fragment and swirl, forcing her to close her eyes to avoid becoming dizzy. The pressure builds up in her groin and tummy, and she has no desire to stop it. She described it as going up that first hill on a roller coaster. You feel it build up low in your body and it just gets stronger and stronger. You know there's a release on the way, but you're never sure you can wait that long. This is why she makes lots of noise, she explained. It releases some of the pressure. Also, she likes hearing herself. Then the cumming starts and it's like going over the hill, letting go, falling, exploding. This is when the spasms start low in her stomach and she finds it exhilarating to know that she could probably stop but chooses not to.

I put my hand behind her head as she slowly subsides and pull her to me for a long, languorous kiss. She was almost swooning from the intensity of the orgasm.

"I'm not done with you yet, Lovey," I whisper. "I want to do you from behind."

I can feel her insides tighten at the thought and she hissed "Yessss."

She stood up and let me drop out of her with a shiver, then climbed up on the bench, locking her arms and arching her back so that her inviting white ass was presented to me and her chest was thrust out to the night. The cold air does nothing to inhibit my raging hard on as I step up behind her, put my hands on her hips, and slowly, an inch at a time, slide my stiff cock into her wet appetizing pussy. I can hear her hiss of delight as I steadily thrust ever deeper until I feel my balls lightly touch her pussy. As I slide my dick back, I lean forward, take a handful of silky hair, and pull her back to me. This gives my other hand a chance to sneak around and knead a tit as I begin to speed up. 

I know from conversation that Paige really enjoys this position. She says it's more intense because of the deeper penetration. The proof revealed itself right there as I fucked her harder and harder. When I snaked my hand off of her tit and down to her clit, she escalated from panting to screaming. She almost sounded like an animal in pain. I have to admit that I had never been so turned on and I impaled her mercilessly, making my own noises like a crazed animal. 

"I want to feel you cum again while I'm deep inside you," I growl.

She said something that sounded like, "Oh God yesssss." But it came out more like a snarl.

Between the sight of my prick pounding into her, her lovely ass bashing against me, the feel, and musky smell, of her juices on my hand as I vigorously stroked her clit, and the wild, unrestrained screaming that seemed to tear itself out of both of us, I was amazed that she came again before I did.

Once her spasms subsided, I leaned in close to her, my cock still buried in her.

"My turn. Do you want it on your ass or in your mouth?" I croon.

"I wanna drink it, baby," she said fervently. "I love the taste."

She spun around and sat in the bench. My cock was standing straight up and still glistened with her juices. She reached around and grabbed my ass with both hands, buried her fingernails into the flesh, and took my prick deep into her mouth. Using just her mouth, she began to vigorously suck me off, her head moving in and out quickly and smoothly. One of her hands left my ass and leapt up to a nipple. I felt a jolt shoot through me and I knew the end was near.

As I grasped her head with both hands and began thrusting into her warm succulent mouth, I said," Oh my dear God, here it comes!"

The whimper that she made at that point was all it took. I pushed forward one last time, my ass tight enough to cut diamonds, and with my fingers flexing convulsively in her hair, I let go with a monumental stream of cum directly down her throat. With one last moan, she was true to her word and continued to suck on me until I couldn't stand up any more and every last drop of my ejaculation was safely down her throat. 

Shaking and more than a little uncoordinated, I flopped down onto the bench next to her. Seemingly in slow motion, we rearranged our clothing since the cold night was beginning to intrude itself onto our senses. Once we were sufficiently covered, I opened my coat to her again. She snuggled into my still tingling body with a Cheshire cat grin on her face and a very satisfied gleam in her eyes.

"That was absolutely great," she said. "But I have a request."

"After that, you can have whatever you want, Love," I replied fervently.

"Good. Then next time, let's find a place that's just a wee bit warmer," she giggled.

Our full-throated laughter drifted away on the soft winter breeze and wafted up towards the bright dancing pinpoints of the stars.