 He was tired and hot from his dash to the airport after his office decided at the last minute to send him to their Auckland office. Al didn't mind the trip so much, it was the short notice and frantic arrangements that annoyed him. Still, he was at last on the plane with a glass of chilled champagne, waiting for the last passengers to board so they could taxi down the runway and finally take off. He had an empty seat beside him and hoped it would stay that way so he could relax and spread out on the flight, although he knew from previous experience that that wasn't actually likely and he'd end up with an overweight, over-talkative idiot beside him, probably with halitosis too. He sighed and turned the page of the paper he was reading, glancing up at the stragglers coming onto the plane as he did so. 

There, coming down the aisle, was a woman that made him forget all about his paper. She was tall, brunette and curvy, wearing a knee length red skirt and a fitted blouse unbuttoned enough to show a glimpse of her impressive cleavage but not enough to appear slutty. He couldn't believe his luck when she stopped at the empty seat beside him and put her handbag there. He tried not to be too obvious in his admiration of her figure as she reached up to put her luggage in over head locker, the movement pulling her shirt tightly against the lacy bra covering her pert breasts. For one second he was sure he could even see the faint outline of a nipple through the thin materials, but all too soon she closed the locker and moved to take her seat.

As she sat, a member of the cabin crew passed her a glass of champagne which she took with thanks, her voice soft and musical. She finally turned to Al.

"Hi," she said. "As we're going to be sitting next to each other for the next ten hours I thought we might as well get acquainted! I'm Charlotte. Pleased to meet you." She extended her hand and Al offered his own, taking her cool slender fingers.

"Pleased to meet you too. I'm Al." He smiled at her and she grinned back, holding his hand for what seemed like a few seconds longer than an introductory handshake would normally take.

She lifted her champagne and they chinked glasses with a quiet "cheers" to each other before taking a sip.

"So, Al, what's a boy like you doing on a plane like this?," she said with a teasing smile. He had hoped for an empty seat beside him and instead ended up with a gorgeous woman who appeared to be flirting with him already, and they hadn't even taken off yet! It seemed like maybe this would be an even better trip than he'd hoped.

As he was about to answer though the cabin crew came round collecting glasses and preparing for take-off, and before he knew it she'd got a book out of her handbag and they were heading down the runway.

She glanced at him before looking back at the book. "Sorry for this --I have to read on take-off, I'm a bit of a nervous flyer actually and it's the only thing that stops me screaming. Sorry" she said again, seeming embarrassed at herself.

"No need to apologise," he said with a smile. "If you get too scared you can always hold my hand".

She smiled at him and started reading her book again. 'Fair enough', he thought to himself, and picked up his newspaper again to continue where he had left off.

Finally the plane shuddered its way into the air and levelled off, and the cabin crew began serving food and drinks. Al was disappointed that Charlotte still seemed engrossed in her book, but decided it would be impolite to interrupt her. They ate their meals in silence and both had a couple of glasses of wine with their dinner. Once everything was cleared away the lights in the plane were dimmed and there was the quiet shuffling sounds of people getting comfortable under their blankets and getting ready to sleep.

Charlotte looked up as the lights dimmed and suddenly seemed to realise that Al was still there.

"Oh!," she said as she pulled her blanket out and over herself. "I'm sorry for being so stuck in my book. This author is really good, I practically forgot I was even on a plane".

"Must be good then. I'm glad it got you through take-off safely," Al responded quietly. He asked what it was about and she looked a little embarrassed and yet playful, looking around the cabin to see if anyone was paying attention. It seemed everyone was asleep already though, so she leaned closer to him before answering.

"It's erotic fiction," she whispered. "It's the only thing that really distracts me enough. I get totally absorbed and so into the stories. It's lucky that I remember I'm in public sometimes, I can get a little carried away!". She looked closely into his eyes and bit gently down on her bottom lip, as if debating with herself what she was going to say before she said it. "Actually, to tell you the truth, I had to put the book down when I did as otherwise I'd have got too turned on and would have had to do something about it".

Al raised his eyebrows and smiled lightly at her, wondering quite where this might be going. They were on a full plane, surely nothing would really happen.

"So how do you know when turned on moves to 'too' turned on?," he asked.

She raised the arm rest from between them and moved even closer. "When I start to wish I'd worn knickers. I think I may have got so wet that I've marked my skirt. Could you check?".

Almost before he realised what was happening, she took his hand and slid it under her blanket where he quickly found that somehow she'd already lifted her skirt out of the way. She guided his hand up her smooth thighs and straight to her hot pussy, where he discovered that she really wasn't wearing any underwear and was as wet as she'd thought. She obviously waxed recently as she felt so smooth, and Al could feel his penis starting to swell as she held his hand over her pussy. As he lightly stroked his fingers over her slick mound she breathed heavily and kissed his neck before resting her head on his shoulder. He used his middle finger to part her smooth lips and found her hole wet and ready, so he slid one finger up her tight pussy and, as her breathing quickened, swiftly followed that with another finger. 

Her hand still held his wrist and kept his hand firmly in place, slightly restricting his movements. He moved his fingers in and out of her at a steady pace, rubbing his thumb over her clit. Her hand tightened on his wrist and she turned her head into his shoulder to stifle her quiet moans as she came, coating his fingers in her juices.

He slowed his movements and she released her grip on his wrist.

"Thank you," she murmured. "Now let's see what else we can do quietly." He felt her hand move under his blanket and her fingers traced the outline of his stiff cock before moving to his fly and opening his trousers. She slid a hand under the waistband of his shorts and grasped him firmly, running her thumb over his head and squeezing his shaft, pumping him a few times before pushing his shorts down a bit to free his cock a bit more.

"Hm," she whispered. " I wonder if we could...". She trailed off as she again glanced around the cabin. It was quiet and no-one was even awake any more, never mind taking any notice of them.

She turned back to Al and kissed him for the first time, her soft lips pressing urgently against his mouth and her tongue darting out to play with his. He was surprised when she pulled away and seemed to be moving away from him, and then he realised she was turning slightly on to her side and pressing herself against his lap. He turned so they were spooning on their reclined seats, hidden under their blankets, and pushed himself towards her buttocks. 

She moved her hand behind her to hold his penis and guided it in to her. She was so wet that he slid in easily, even though she was tight and her pussy gripped him firmly. He held himself still inside her for a moment, revelling in the wet, tight heat of her, before slowly moving back so just his head was held inside her. He heard her breathing pause as she anticipated him pushing back in, and as he eased his cock back in she pushed back against him, quietly whispering "oh God that's good".

He was trying desperately hard to be quiet, knowing that any moans or groans would be sure to wake someone. He moved his hand to her waist to pull her firmly against him and slid his cock slowly and smoothly in and out of her, his breathing getting heavier as he felt her tightening around him as she started to come again. Her backwards pushing movements became firmer as she came and she put her hand over her own mouth to try to muffle her gasps. The feeling of her orgasm and the flood of wetness he felt covering his cock was too much and he came with her, his hips spasming against her soft ass and his hand clenching tightly on her waist.

He stayed inside her as his penis slowly softened and her orgasm subsided, their breathing slowing and returning to normal. 

She raised herself off him and turned to face him again, gently kissing his smiling lips. They didn't say another word, each rearranging their clothing under their blankets. He reached an arm around her and she leant into his chest with a small smile, and they both drifted off to a satisfied sleep.

To be continued...