 We have enjoyed the chatting via the internet for a long time but the webcams and pictures are just not cutting it anymore. We have planned for many months and after a few false starts, we have finally been able to get our schedules matched and get away together for a few days, rather then the few hours we catch when my flight plans take me thru San Francisco. 

We have planned a weekend that will not soon be forgotten! I fly into Oakland so that we can hook up and fly together to the dream get away, 7 days and six nights in St. Maarten. 

You are excited getting off from work! You need to hurry so that you can pick me up at the airport then head to your place so that you can finalize your preparations before we head to San Francisco and catch our flight to St. Maarten. As you pull up to your house, you see some strange guy walking around the garage. 

You think to yourself, "NO! Did I forget and have some more housework planned for this week?" As your trying to sort this out you realize that there is something familiar about him. As you get closer you finally realize that it is me, Jack. 

You run up and plant a big kiss on me feeling a strong set of hands grab your ass and pull you in for a very passionate kiss. I explain that I couldn't wait and caught an earlier flight so that we could be together earlier. 

You unlock the door and we go inside. I drop my luggage down and pick you up again for another kiss and hug. "Mmmmm, I whisper in your ear, I wish we had time before the flight to really greet each other properly!" You give me a look that says NOW! 

I chuckle and say we have a whole week to thoroughly enjoy each other, let's take it slow. Meanwhile I am imagining ripping your uniform off and taking you right there. Somehow I suppress the urges and ask you if I can help you pack. You tell me "No, I am almost ready; I just need a quickie shower to wash away the hospital gunk." 

I watch as you walk away, enjoying the shape of your ass in the uniform. You are striping as you walk away and just as you turn into the bathroom, the last piece falls away. Yes, Lisa, you have my attention! 

As my higher brain functions return and the primal urge to mate is slowly, reluctantly suppressed for the time being, I realize you have been hitting the sun shops. There is a bit of brown on the beautiful body. My cock swells thinking of strolling down the beach with you at my side and our clothes have not been touched in days. I want to follow you in and wash your back, but I know that if I do that, we will miss our flight. I instead get a couple of Coronas out of the fridge. 

Before I am halfway done with mine, you come out and head to the bedroom. I follow you in and hand you your beer. Tink! To a wonderful week in paradise! The cool beer goes down well. I sit on the bed and watch you get dressed. Such a well orchestrated dance, you are ready in what seems like seconds. 

You pull your bags out of the closet and I laugh as yet another similarity has arisen. We have the same suitcases! We really were meant to come together in this life. I take our bags out to the truck and we are on our way! 

The plane ride makes you nervous. I buy us a couple of drinks and you relax a little. There is a chill so you ask for a blanket. The flight attendant smiles and hands you the blanket saying enjoy the flight! 

The plane is pretty empty and we are almost isolated in the rear section. The flight attendant sits down in her jump seat up front and pulls out a magazine. To ease your tension my hand wonders under the blanket and starts to stroke you breast. 

Playfully at first, but then I feel your nipple respond to my touch. I smile as I see you lean your seat back and spread your legs. I circle your nipple lightly tracing its outline thru the material of your shirt. My hand slides downward towards your womanhood. I feel your hips move slightly, wanting the touch, the pleasure that my fingers can bring you. 

I can feel the heat radiating from your pussy through your pants. I stroke up and down in just the right spot pressing the material to spread your lips. You moan lightly as you feel the wetness building there. Your wandering mind is brought back to reality as you feel my finger tips brush your clit. You wonder "How does he always get in there without me realizing it?"

You don't care as my fingers slide down and trace the opening of your wanton twat. My finger slides over you swollen wet lips, teasing ever so slightly with each pass. Each time hoping that this will be the time my finger will slide inside your throbbing pussy. 

You are about to grab my hand and guide my fingers inside you when finally, I slide a finger, then two inside you. I feel your pussy grab at me wanting to feel something more substantial filling your hot hungry pussy. 

All too soon I pull my fingers out and bring your moisture up to your erect clit. Circling and wetting your clit with the hot liquid. Another soft moan escapes your lips. Just what you needed after a long day of pushing pills! 

You have to give me complete access to your pussy now, so you slide your pants down and off in one quick move. As you kick your knees up on the seat in front of you, a cool blast of air finds you hot pussy. You jump at the feeling of it; your clit hardens at the onslaught of my fingers and the cool air. 

I moan as your scent finds my nose. I slide a finger in you, and then bring it to my mouth. Mmm, the flavor men have fought wars for! You groan at the lack of attention on your hot spot! Squeezing your legs together and wiggling your ass to get some pressure on that needy clit. 

I enjoy your wanton fever taking over your body for only a few seconds before I relent and my hand wanders down there to complete its job of pleasuring you. I slide my fingers down over your erect clit and lightly trace the wet opening between you lips. Down, down ever so slowly. Then back up, a finger on the outside of either lip. More pressure this time pushing your lips inward. I pull upward on them a little, and then continue onward to the clit. I grab it between my finger tips and give a squeeze. 

You moan wanting, no, needing more. My fingers start their travel back down over you hot wet opening. I am amazed at the amount of juices that always comes from you, but this time has to be a record amount in such a short time. It is so slippery and hot. I always enjoy your taste, your smell, and your sounds of ecstasy. I keep repeating this over and over for what seems like forever. Your pleasure keeps building and you need a release, want a release. 

I whisper in your ear to remind you that we have company on the plane and you should try to keep the moans to a loud roar. The pleasure builds to the point that you cannot hold off anymore, even if you wanted to. The attention you clit is receiving, the wetness you feel running down your ass, soaking the seat. My kiss and nibble on your neck takes you over the edge. The wave washes over you and you start cumming. 

I pull your head to me and kiss you deeply to suppress the moans that I know, must escape. I have 3 fingers deeply in your pussy, pistoning in and out, my thumb on your clit pressing and rubbing it firmly. The orgasm goes on forever or so it seems. Finally you are able to control your body again. My hand has stopped moving, except for a slight movement around your clit that I do to tease you even more. I pull my hand up and start licking it clean, not wanting to waste a drop of your womanhood. You taste so great! 

After lying back in the seat recovering for a while you decide you need a snack, a salty snack. You push me back in the seat and undo my pants. My throbbing cock springs up finally released. The tip is wet from my pre cum. You look at it for a few seconds enjoying the affect you have on me. 

You lean down and kiss the tip, tasting my juice that is there. You grab my cock, feeling the heat within, and stroke it. A little drop of cum is your reward. You lick it up quickly. Another stroke and another drop is your reward. 

You slide your mouth down sucking my cock in. You continue until your nose is brushing my short hair. Your tongue circles my cock as you pull back up on it.. You suck another little drop out of me. A moan escapes my mouth as you squeeze my balls and start bobbing up and down on my cock. 

The excitement of knowing what is cumming when we land, the taste of you on my lips and the incredible feeling of your mouth on me is too much. You feel my cock pulse in your mouth and a load of cum hits the back of your throat, so hot and so salty. You pull your mouth off to swallow and another shot erupts and lands on your cheek. 

You suck my cock back in and feel another load shoot in your mouth. You swallow it down. Mmm! Cum now oozes from the tip of my cock, all the energy spent. You pump it and suck the head, trying to get the last drop out. You work so well, I feel completely drained. We both lay back, hand in hand, your head on my shoulder and sleep the rest of the flight.

We are awakened by the flight attendant, saying we are landing. We should get dressed. We look down and the blanket has slipped off showing the lack of pants for us both. We laugh and get dressed. 

We have no troubles getting our bags and catching the shuttle the resort has waiting for us, another good sign. The short drive is so picturesque. Every view is like a shot from some brochure or post card. We get checked in and taken to our Chalet. 

We open the patio door to get a look at our surroundings. The onslaught of salty air proves our eyes are not deceiving us. The Caribbean is only yards away from the patio. We unpack, throwing our suitcases somewhere towards the bedroom, and head to the beach to get a drink from a coconut. 

As we near the outside bar it becomes quite obvious that this is a nude beach. Most everyone is nude or very close to it. We sit at the bar and order up a Pina Colada. Hard to believe that in less then 12 hours we can go from the drone of work lives to paradise. 

We make small talk, catching up on what has happened in our respective lives since the last time we cammed. Before we know it we have downed our second drink of the islands! I suggest that we go and change into something more appropriate. 

I cannot wait to see that body unleashed and uncovered. We get back to the chalet and actually unpack this time. In a short time we are done. You ask, "What should I wear down to the beach? This, holding up a swimsuit or this, holding up a bottle of suntan lotion?" 

I vote for the natural look. I walk over and toss the swimsuit aside as unneeded as an ice scraper in Hawaii. 

I take you face in my hands and bring your lips upward so that I can kiss them, Caressing your neck as we get lost in the passion. I feel your breathe catch as my hands wander down your back and cup your ass. 

Your hands work their magic and unbutton my shirt, then running your finger tips across my chest, tweaking my nipples. You kiss my chest as your arms encircle me. You can feel my cock throbbing between us. I push you back slightly, reluctantly, and work on revealing your body. 

My hands shake slightly as the buttons fall away. Then I brush your shirt off your shoulders, such soft skin. It is just made for caressing and kissing, which I do as I unleash the twins from their captor. As your bra falls away, I am always astounded at the sight of your erect nipples. 

I bend down and kiss them, greeting them once again. I place kisses and nibbles all over your breast, my hands have found the fastener for your pants. I ease your pants down making sure to hook my fingers in your panties. I am greeted by that familiar smell of that which has me entranced. Your hot pussy wanting, ready for some loving. I take you over to the bed and lay you back on it. My hands fly at the speed of need and make my pants disappear. 

My throbbing cock stands out wanting some attention. I fend him off as I have to taste my pussy. I kneel down between your legs and kiss your neck. You feel the head of my cock rub against your lips. You push your hips up wanting to feel something more then a hint. Through supreme effort I resist your urges and whisper, wait just a little longer. 

I start kissing downward between your breasts, spending time reacquainting myself with each one. Your nipples get even larger as I roll each one in my mouth alternating between a soft sucking hesitant tonguing to rolling them between my teeth as I bite and pull them. 

Your hips are moving on their own, demanding some attention be paid to your other pleasure zone. I kiss my way downward as I also have needs. I must taste that pussy again. After what seems like a hint of forever, my tongue finally reaches the sparse hairline. I slide a hand under each side of your ass, squeezing your cheeks and pulling you upward. This has the desired affect as your pussy is spread open for me. 

You feel my breath on your erect clit scant milliseconds before you feel my lips. A loud moan escapes your body. Your hands grab my head wanting more pressure on your clit. I resist and treat it with the attention it so desires, soft and slow caresses, circling it with my tongue. Sucking it into my mouth and tickling the tip with my tongue. Then abandoning it as my tongue wanders down to spread your swollen pussy. 

I lick down one side of your lips and back up the other side. I continue this for a few strokes, enjoying the taste of Lisa that is in such abundance. Finally, I must have some from the source. My tongue starts upward again but this time I am in between your lips. Parting them and enjoying the flavor that runs from within. I could spend an entire lifetime enjoying this pleasure and still not have my appetite satisfied. 

I feel your hips change their movement. I sense that your orgasm is approaching. I give your clit one last caress, for now anyway, and kiss my way back up to your neck. This time as you feel my cock brush against your pussy, I do not try and tease, but slowly slide my cock in until we are joined fully. 

I stay there feeling your pussy grab my cock, reveling in the moment. I feel your legs wrap around me as you grind your hips into me. I kiss you deeply as I start to slowly make love to you. The cool air is a big contrast to your hot cunt as I pull out. But then I am greeted with the hot tight wet grip once more as my cock disappears inside your pussy. We keep this up for too short a time before I feel your pussy twitching and grabbing me so much harder. 

You speed up fucking me, but I continue with my slow grinding. All too quickly, you start cumming. Your hips thrown wide open, I penetrate just a little more and fill your pussy up as you fuck me. I feel your hands on my ass trying to pull me in more. I love watching you cum with my cock driving into you. I wish that my orgasm would last and last. I am trying to hold off but once your juices flood my balls, I lose all control. 

My cock explodes inside you as a yell escapes my lips and I drive in with a forcefull thrust. I keep fucking you deeply as my cock shoots my load of hot cum deep into your pussy. All too soon my energy has been expended into your being. I struggle to not collapse on top of you. I stay on top of you nuzzling your neck until my cock shrinks and slides out, then I lie down next to you and pull you into me. We drift off listening to the sounds of the waves breaking on the beach.

I awaken as my nose is tickled by something. I slowly come to realize that I have a warm body lying next to me. A head of red hair is on my shoulder and my arm is tucked along a back with my hand resting on a great feeling ass. It just feels so right cupped in my hand. 

I look around the room trying to get my bearings, finally coming to the realization that after months of planning we are really here. On vacation together in St. Maarten! Wow! Your hair tickles my nose again and I reach up to brush it away. My movement causes you to stir slightly. I can feel your breast pressing into me with every breath you take. I brush your hair lightly, stroking it out of your face. My hand continues to stroke your hair as I think about how great it has been already and it is only 5:15pm according to the clock on the night stand, if it can be believed. I move my head to look out the patio doors and see that the sun is making its approach to being hidden by the seas. 

I turn back to the treasure I have in my arms and arch my neck and kiss your forehead. My hand starts to caress your ass and I feel it push back on me. My other hand slides down to your neck and I tilt your head back and kiss you on the cheek. This gets a little more reaction from you, as I feel your arm, which is lying across my chest, give me a squeeze. I continue downward and kiss your lips lightly at first. Then feeling your body respond I continue with a deeper more probing kiss. 

Our tongues fight a battle, twirling and darting around each other. My hand cups your ass tightly and with your assistance I slide you on top of me. The feel of your breasts against my chest stirs me. I feel my cock start to thicken under your hips. My hands grab your ass and grind you down onto me as our tongues continue to battle. I feel your legs slide to the side of mine, opening yourself up for me. Your hips slowly move as you rub your womanhood along my cock, teasing me with the thought of feeling your pussy once again wrapped around me. You love the feeling of rubbing and grinding your clitoris on my hard cock. Your nipples somehow grow even larger compressed between our bodies in your excitement. 

My hands kneed your ass with firm fingers, as I pull you closer to me. You feel the cool rush of air on your twat as my hands spread you wide so that I can enjoy the view I see in the reflection of the mirror on the dresser. Some previous guest must have tilted it just right to have the vantage point I am enjoying. 

I thank him or her quietly in my mind. I feel your breathing getting faster, your movements, just a little more concise and specific as your body responds to the pressures you are applying to your clit. A moan works it way from deep down inside you as you feel the first twinges of an orgasm. 

You break our kiss as you push up to apply more pressure to your swollen clit. This change allows me to now see your large breast swinging back and forth to your movements. I reach up and grab a nipple in my mouth and give it a bite. This was what you wanted and you jerk as the orgasm starts. Your short concise movements are now much more energetic. As you grind upward in the first throws of you orgasm, rubbing your swollen wet pussy along my cock, I squeeze your ass even harder. This changes our position slightly and this time on your downward stroke my cock slides into you. I am overcome by the heat surrounding my cock and the wetness that floods my balls. 

You startle at the change of pressures from rubbing your clit on my throbbing cock to having your lips parted and being filled so quickly. You now grind onto me with renewed vigor as your orgasm builds to another level. Your breasts are swaying heavily as you pump me. I grab another nipple in my mouth and suck it in, rolling it between my teeth, judging the pressure to apply by your moans of satisfaction. I find the right "bite" as you flood my cock and balls with another wave of sweet juices. 

All too soon your orgasm is over and it fades into a warm glow through your body as you collapse on me. Your hips still riding my cock, but they have lost their urgent need for release. I wrap my arms around you, pulling you to me as if you were going to float away. Our slow grind continues as my hands rub your back. Starting at your shoulders and working my way downward. 

We continue this way, wishing the universe would stop so that we could enjoy it forever, but alas it doesn't. I speak the first words and whisper to you, "We need to get up so that we can watch the sunset". You sigh, saying "But I still have a throbbing in me!" I chuckle and say true, but I can wait for you again, later tonight! You start to argue the point but I turn you over. Giving you a deep kiss and a few slow thrusts in the process, which almost causes me to forget anything outside these walls, but somehow, I get up. 
