 "Okay, baby. Mommy and daddy are going now. You be a good boy for grandma, okay?" Breah kissed her son goodbye, smiling when he kissed back. Alex, her husband, kissed him too and ruffled his light brown hair, which made Alex Jr., they called him AJ, giggle. He absently waved goodbye and started asking grandma about watching a video of his favorite cartoon character. Breah and Alex laughed and walked out, getting in the car.

"Breah," Alex said. "Are you sure AJ will be okay here for the weekend?"

"Alex, she's my mother. She raised me pretty well, didn't she?" Alex laughed and nodded. "He'll be fine. I've been planning this get away for a month. We are not backing out now."

"Okay, okay. You've made your point. So, where are we going?"

Breah smiled and pulled out a piece of paper with directions on it. "Just go where I tell you to and you'll see when we get there." Alex laughed again and pulled out of the driveway and heading out onto the road. She guided him to their destination, a secluded upscale hotel forty-five minutes out of town called The Blue Orchid.

"Breah, we can't afford this place. Let's go back and..."

"Alex. We have enough money. I've been saving for this. Please, let's go in. We've needed a weekend alone for a long time. Please."

He sighed and parked the car, both of them getting out, Alex getting their suitcase out of the trunk. Breah put her arm around his waist and they walked in together and stepped up to the hotel desk.

"Good afternoon, folks," the gentleman behind the counter said. "How may I help you?"

Breah started talking before Alex could say anything. "We have a reservation."

The man, who's name was Steven, smiled. "Wonderful. What name is it under?"

"Jade," she said, snuggling close to Alex as she stood next to him.

"Very good," Steven replied. "One moment."

After a few minutes, Steven had their room keys ready and rang for a bellhop. When Alex started to say they didn't need one, Steven interrupted. "Nonsense, sir. It's a courtesy that we provide for all of our guests."

The bellhop appeared and took their bag, leading them to their room, which turned out to be a hotel suite. Breah gave the young man a tip and he thanked her profusely, pulling the door shut behind him as he left, leaving Breah and Alex to survey the room, which was just this side of massive.

The first room was their kitchenette, with a two-burner stove and a small refrigerator. Opening the cabinets, they found dishes and glasses of all assortments, along with silverware in the drawers. Under the small sink, they found pots and pans, just in case they wanted to do any cooking. There was also a dining table with four matching cherry wood chairs. Alex smiled and went to open the door into the rest of the suite. Next, was the bedroom.

They had two king sized beds, thick carpeting and two reclining leather chairs, both light brown in color. There was a big screen television ("better for hotel porn," Alex joked) that had two hundred channels. Breah walked through the room and into the bathroom, letting out a gasp. It was just as over the top as the bedroom.

To the left, they had a claw-footed porcelain bathtub and matching sink. Big, comfortable white towel that were almost as thick as the carpet in the other room hung from an antique brass towel bar. To the right, stretching from one wall to the other, a distance of about nine feet was a glass-enclosed shower that had shower nozzles on each end. Upon closer inspection, there were actually two showerheads at each end. The first was the standard massaging showerhead, which Breah thought sounded wonderful, but the second head, on an extendable arm, were the more interesting. They were the waterfall showerheads that spread the water out over a greater surface. More towels hung up by the shower.

"Breah," Alex said, wrapping his arms around her shoulders. "This...is wonderful." Breah nodded and leaned her head back against his chest and sighed.

"Alex, are you thinking what I'm thinking?"

Alex grinned and nodded. "I think so. What are you thinking?"

Breah smiled and turned in his arms. "I was thinking just how great it would be for both of us to strip down..."

"Yeah," Alex said.

"Both of us climb onto one of those great big beds..."

"Uh huh."

"And take a nap."

"Oh yeah. Let's go." They laughed at each other and themselves and did just that.

They lay down on the bed on their left sides, Alex's arm under her pillow to support her head and his right arm around her waist, holding her close. Breah wrapped her arm around his and snuggled back against him, sighing softly, and smiling, both of them dropping off to sleep quickly.

---

Breah was woken up later, maybe an hour later, by noticing that Alex was gone. She opened her eyes and it took her a moment to realize that the bathroom door was closed and the shower was running. She stretched and slid out of bed and walked to the bathroom, gently turning the handle and pushing on the door, thankful that the hinges were silent. She saw Alex standing in the shower with hi head against the wall, the water beating down on his head. She slid the shower door open just enough to squeeze through, which took a little more than usual due to her large breasts.

Alex didn't notice that she had come in, which was what she had wanted. She slipped an arm around his waist, making his head pull away from the wall in surprise. Before he could say anything, her other hand made it's way around his waist and found his penis and stroked it lightly while kissing his back. He moaned softly into the water and Breah felt him start to harden in her hand, moving slightly faster over him until he was completely hard.

"Breah," he said between groan. "Found something."

"Mmhmm," she said, licking up his back. "What's that?"

Alex pushed back against her and grabbed something on the wall and pulling it down. It turned out to be a seat used for the disabled that folded up into the wall while not in use. She smiled and turned him around, pushing him back onto the seat. Alex looked up at her, though he didn't have to look up that far, since she was only five feet tall. She moved toward him and put her hand on his chest, straddling his thighs and sitting on his lap, trapping his cock between them.

Breah put her hand on his neck and pulled his mouth to hers, kissing him passionately but not deeply. At least, not yet. She worked her head from side to side, keeping her lips tight, fighting against Alex's tongue as it tried to worm its way into her mouth. Finally, she relented and opened her mouth, moaning as his tongue and hers found each other and writhed over each other, Breah moved her hands to his face, sighing into his mouth as Alex wrapped both arms around her and squeezed, Breah rocking slightly against his erection, making him groan.

She pulled away from his kiss reluctantly and put both hands on his chest, pressing him back against the wall. Kissing her way down his chest, stopping to lick at his nipples and nibble on his stomach, Breah slipped off of Alex's thighs and made her way to her knees between his legs. The way she moved has placed his cock between her breasts, so she squeezed them together and moved up and down on his shaft a couple of times before releasing and taking the head of his cock in her mouth and sucking on it lightly as her hand found his balls and rubbed them, feeling them tighten slightly in her palm.

Alex moved his hand to her shoulder and squeezing as she started bobbing up and down slowly, making him groan as she worked her tongue over the underside of his shaft. She dragged the flat of her tongue up his cock as she rose and slid it side to side a she lowered her mouth, making soft moans of her own as she took him deep into her mouth. She sucked hungrily on him, filling her mouth with his dick over and over. Just as she felt him start to swell, she pulled her mouth off and stood up.

"Alex, baby," she said quietly, one hand playing with her own nipple, the other rubbing her bare pussy lips. "Do you want me? Do you want me to take your cock," she asked, leaning closer to him to whisper in his ear. "In my tight, wet pussy? I want to feel you fuck me deep and hard. I want to feel your cum inside me. Do you want that, baby?"

Alex nodded and said, "My God, yes." He pulled her close to him again, Breah grabbing his shaft and positioning it at the entrance to her wet hole, moving her hips in slow circles as she lowered herself onto him. Alex kissed her hard again as she reached the bottom of his cock, squeezing him with her muscles as she started to move her hips forward and back, barely pulling off of him as she rode him.

"Oh Alex," she moaned. "You feel so good in me. I love your cock." Breah started moving up and down, digging her fingernails into his shoulders, making him wince, but not stopping. His went from her breasts down her sides, over her narrow waist, and down until grabbed her hips and pulled her down harder with each thrust. He bit and licked her way along her upper chest as she bounced on him.

Breah felt Alex started to thrust into her harder now, his grunts becoming louder and louder. She took his face in her hands again and kissed him deeply, feeling him moan into her mouth, making Breah quiver, her muscles tightening around his shaft as she moved, pulling him up with her.

"Breah...oh God..." Alex pulled her down hard and she felt his cock twitch and his hot cum burst into her again and again, filling her up, a couple more bounces setting her off as well. Her juices mixed with his as they both groaned in their pleasure, Breah settling against his lap, his cock still twitching inside her. They kissed again and she held his face, kissing him deeply, their tongues flicking against each other.

Finally, they broke the kiss and washed each other, Breah paying special attention to Alex's cock and Alex making sure to clean Breah's breasts and ass extremely well. They stepped out and dried each other off, both smiling and laughing for no reason other than being unstressed for the first time in a long time. They walked out into the bedroom and Breah grinned, pushing Alex back onto the bed and climbing up onto his stomach.

"I have a few surprises for you, Alex."

"Oh," he said with a grin of his own. "Like what?"

She leaned down and kissed him hard. "That would ruin the surprise, wouldn't it? Close your eyes." He tilted his head and looked at her. "Trust me, baby. Close your eyes."

Alex shrugged and closed his eyes, feeling Breah climb off of him and open one of the bags. He kept his eyes closed when she climbed back onto the bed and told him to lift his head up. When he did, she slipped a strap around his head, pulling something over his eyes. Alex opened his eyes and realized he was blindfolded. He started to reach up but Breah stopped him.

"You trust me, don't you, Alex?"

"Of course I do, Breah, but..."

"Then just lay there and relax. You'll enjoy this." She kissed him again and ran her hands over his chest, flicking her thumbs over his nipples. One hand left his chest and he heard her pick something up off of the bed. A light tickling sensation touched his nipple, making him groan involuntarily, arching his back to push his chest into the feather. Breah smiled and traced the outline of his chest muscles with the feather, taking time to circle them around both of his nipples. As she teased one, she sucked on the other, Alex's hand going to her head, pulling her closer to his chest.

Breah moved the feather down his stomach, using it to make small patterns around his ab muscles, brushing it lightly against Alex's rising cock, making his gasp. She outlined his shaft gently with the feather, tickling his balls with it, watching as his sac rose slightly toward his body. She reached over and grabbed the bottle of lubricant that lay on the bed. Opening it one handed, she squeezed some lube onto her hand using her teeth. Replacing the feather with her slippery hand, she grasped his solid shaft and stroked it ever so slowly, rubbing her thumb over the head of his cock, and back down, trailing her fingertips over his balls. Alex spread his legs slightly, so she moved between them, moving her dry hand to his stomach and dragging her fingernails along the skin, still masturbating him, twisting her hand around the crown of his dick, moaning softly as she felt the hard flesh slide through her hand.

"Tell me what you want," she said softly, barely louder than his moans. "Tell me what you need, baby."

Alex groaned and bucked against her hand. When he couldn't stand anymore, he ripped the blindfold off. "I need you, Breah. I need to fuck you again. I need your pussy."

Breah moved up and kissed her hard and then turned away from him, on her hands and knees, shaking her firm ass in his face. Alex reached up and run a finger over her pussy lips, rubbing her clit in small circles. Breah moaned and arched her back, pushing herself back against his finger. He slipped it into her and made her groan as he brushed her hot spot. After a few minutes of fingering, Alex knelt behind her and grabbed her hips, pulling her back onto his cock hard and deep, starting to move quickly behind her, Breah urging him on.

Alex moved one hand to her ass, caressing it, rubbing it, and finally pushing his finger against her anus, making Breah gasp as it slid past her sphincter up to the first knuckle. Alex and Breah moaned at the same time as she bucked back against both his finger and his cock. He started alternating strokes, his cock slid in as he pulled his finger out and vice versa. He sped up his thrusting, grunting now with each stroke. Breah gasped as his balls slapped against her clit as he dug in the fingers of his free hand into her hip.

Breah cried out as everything pushed her over the edge and she orgasmed, her muscles spasming around Alex's cock. Alex called out her name as he buried himself completely inside her and exploded, sending a second load deep into her pussy. Breah slid off of Alex's dick and slumped onto the bed. Alex fell over, bracing himself above her with his arms, gently lowering himself to lie next to her, his right arm draping across her waist, snuggling against her.

"Breah?"

"Yeah," she answered, her voice sounding sleepy.

"Happy us weekend."

Breah smiled and cuddled closer to him.

"But I get to use the toys on you tomorrow," he murmured in her ear. Breah settled in with a big grin on her face.