 Since we both knew we'd be in Chicago for business, we agreed to try and get together. I arrived a couple of days before you, and in driving around I noticed an "adult novelty" store near our hotel. It planted an idea in my head I knew we'd have to follow.

I was away from the hotel when you arrived, but went straight to your room when I got back. Foregoing any pretense, when the door opened I took you in my arms and kissed you long and hard. Our tongues intertwined for several minutes, and I ran my hands up your sides to cup your breasts. You reached down and felt my growing erection through my pants. I knew if we didn't leave soon, we wouldn't. I broke our embrace and told you I had a surprise for you and you had to do what I said. You smiled slyly and agreed.

We went to my car and pulled out of the parking lot and headed for the novelty store. As we pulled into the parking lot, you asked me what I had in mind.

"We each get to pick something out for the other one - no questions asked," I said. "You get something for me, I get something for you. Maybe two things each. But remember, you can't say no."

We entered the store hand-in-hand. It was pretty empty, so we had a chance to take our time. You headed straight for the light restraints and began looking at the different ways you could tie me up. I stood close behind you, my still erect cock brushing your leg. You dropped your hand down and squeezed. It felt fantastic. As I reached over your shoulder to see the box, I kissed your neck. I could see your nipples strain against your shirt. I knew then what I wanted.

I pulled you over to the jewelry section and began looking at nipple clamps and chains. I wanted something I could clip to your nipples to keep them hard. I found a simple nipple chain that would be perfect. I held it up to your breasts to see if the length was right, pinching your nipples as I did it.

Next to the jewelry were vibrators and cock rings. We smiled at each other and headed over there. You selected a bright red cock ring. You slid your hand down and squeezed my erection. 

"I hope this fits," you say. I selected a vibrator that had would tickle your clit. It had a long wire coming off it that was attached to the control for it. You could set it to vibrate on three different settings.

As we paid for everything, the woman behind the counter said we could use the changing room if there was anything we wanted to put on now. I instantly grabbed your hand and led you to the room. I had you slip down your pants and panties and we put the butterfly vibrator directly on your clit. I flipped the switch and you gasped. "God, that feels good," you say. You put your panties and pants back on, and slip the control into your pocket.

As I turn to leave, you tell me to wait a minute. "Let's make sure this fits," you say as you hold up the cock ring. I drop my pants as you drop to your knees. My cock is rock hard, a drop of liquid forming on the end. You eagerly lick the end and then start to slide the ring on. 

We're struggling with it a little bit when we hear the woman from behind the counter ask, "Need any help?" 

Before I can even answer, you open the door and say, "Yeah, am I doing this right?"

She proceeds to tell you how to slide it on, but warns us not to leave it on too long. You're still on your knees as you suck my cock once deep in your mouth. You remove the ring and slip it into your pocket. We thank the woman for her help and head out the door.

"Ready for dinner," I ask. 

"I'm not sure I can handle the wait, but sure," you reply. 

As I'm driving, I slid my hand down your arm and brush your breast. I pinch your nipple to make sure it is still hard. I then pull the vibrator control from your pocket and set it between us. I turn it on its low setting and watch as you begin to breathe harder. Just as you're really starting to squirm, I turn it off.

"Hey, that's not fair," you say with a big smile.

We pull into the parking lot and you slip the control back in your pocket. We get a booth in a corner of a dark restaurant and order drinks. We both down our first cocktail quickly, trying to regain our composure. I order a bottle of champagne and the waitress quickly returns with it. As we toast to a great night, I ask you to put the vibrator control on the table. You hesitate, but then slip it from your pocket and onto the table. As you take another swallow of champagne, I click on the vibrator. You immediately begin to squirm in your seat. The waitress comes back to take our order, and you are noticeably having a hard time maintaining your composure. As I begin to order I feel your foot move up my leg and press against my crotch. You begin to massage my cock with your foot as I'm trying to order.

As the waitress walks away, I reach for the control and turn it off. Your foot does not move. "How are you doing?" I ask. 

"I'm so wet," you reply.

"Do you want to come?" I ask. 

"Oh god yes..." you say. I turn the vibrator on high and you instantly begin to orgasm. You're fighting not to yell out, and do pretty well. As the waitress brings us our appetizer, you shudder to a climax. I reach out and turn off the vibrator. 

"Feel better?" I ask. You smile.

You continue to rub my cock with your foot throughout our dinner. We eat quickly, and polish off another bottle of champagne. We climb back into the car, and you instantly unzip my pants and begin to suck on my hard cock. I try to concentrate on getting us back to the hotel safely.

We practically run to your room. As we kiss passionately once inside the door, I reach down and flip on the vibrator control once again. You moan audibly as we continue to kiss. I pull back.

"I'm so turned on, I have to come," I tell you. Within seconds you've stripped off your clothes and standing in front of me. I reach into the bag from the adult store and remove the nipple chain. I slowly ease the clasp onto your left nipple. Your nipple is so hard it's easy to fit on. 

"Tighter," you whisper. I ease the other clasp on your right nipple, the lightly pull on the chain. Your nipples rise from your breasts. "That feels incredible," you say.

As I climb onto the bed, you push me on my back and slide on top of me. My hard cock slides effortlessly inside you. As you begin moving up and down, I pull on chain. You move even faster as I do. 

"Don't stop," you moan. You begin to climax, and as you do, I feel myself beginning to come. We climax together, you falling to my chest as we share a deep kiss.

"Now, where are those restraints," I say as we begin to catch our breath...