 I had been a fireman for many years in a county outside a large metropolitan area in the eastern US. I had been on many calls and seen many things. Early in 1990, I was on duty and we were dispatched for a structure fire in our first due area. The radio said there was heavy smoke showing as we marked responding and they added additional companies to assist. 

Usually, I drove the fire truck, but tonight I was assigned to ride officer. As we turned the corner, I could see smoke billowing from the house at the end of the street, 1410 Berkshire Lane. My firefighter and I pulled a line and headed for the front door when a hysterical woman stopped me screaming that her baby was still inside. I asked her where she was and she said, "Second floor, front bedroom!" We went to the front door and donned our breathing apparatus, I told the other guy to check the other bedroom and I would go to the front bedroom. We made it up the steps and could see fire in the bathroom. 

My partner hit the fire which allowed me to get to the bedroom. On the floor, I found a limp body and began dragging it to the front door. I got it outside and in the floodlights saw that it was a 15 year old girl in her nightgown. She wasn't breathing, so I stopped and gave her mouth to mouth resuscitation. Soon she coughed and I knew she was breathing on her own and carried her to the ambulance where they started working on her. I went back to my partner and helped him put out the fire with the help of the other companies. I never thought anything about it.

A week later, this woman showed up at the station when I was on duty and had a young girl with her. "You don't remember us, do you?" she asked. 

"No ma'am, I'm sorry," I replied. 

"I'm Mrs. Bradley and this is my daughter Nicole." I thought a moment, still didn't ring any bells. 

Then Nicole spoke up, "You saved my life last week when there was a fire at our house," she smiled. 

"1410 Berkshire," her mom said. 

"Oh yes, I remember, glad to see you're doing well Nicole. How do you feel?" I asked.

"Fine, thanks to you," she shyly said. Her mom told me that Nicole had insisted on seeing me and thanking me in person for my help. We sat there and talked about a half an hour and then we got a call and had to leave, "See you again soon Mr. Parks," Nicole said as I climbed in the fire truck. I didn't see her for quite some time, but I did get letters and pictures from her at least once a year. Her pictures were so good, she was growing up and becoming quite a little hottie! 

It had been 3 years since the fire on Berkshire and Nicole had kept in touch with her letters and pictures and an occasional phone call. In that 3 years, my marriage had failed and I was alone again. I concentrated on my job and dated a little, but couldn't quite get into romance again. 

I went to work one morning and the captain getting off told me that a sweet looking blonde girl had been in the day before wanting to know when I worked again. He said he hoped I didn't mind, but he had given her my home address and phone number. "She was a knockout Jeff," he told me. 

It was April 20th, my next 4 days off and I was in the afternoon, drinking some iced tea when the doorbell rang. I opened the door to this gorgeous blonde standing there. I remembered from her pictures that it was Nicole, but she hadn't sent me a recent picture. Her pictures had not done her justice! 

"Come in Nicole," I stammered, feeling like a fool. She came in and we went into the living room and sat down. There was small talk about how we'd each been and she told me she was leaving for college this fall. 

"I never forgot you Jeff, or what you did," she said.

"It was nothing Nicole," I replied. 

"But, if it weren't for you Jeff, I wouldn't be sitting here today."

"Seeing you here is plenty of thanks," I replied. 

"You're too modest Jeff," she told me. She went on to tell me that she had been accepted at a good college and had received an academic scholarship. 

"That's great Nicole, no one deserves it more than you," I told her. 

"Jeff," she said, "I only have a few months left before I leave and I wanted to show you my appreciation for what you did and I have a gift for you," she smiled. I hadn't seen her carrying anything in, so I just sat back and told her that it wasn't necessary.

"Oh, but it is Jeff, it is to me. Tell me that you will accept my gift Jeff, please." 

I thought about it for awhile and finally said "Sure."

"Jeff, my gift to you is my virginity." 

You could have knocked me over with a feather! "Nicole, you can't be serious?" I said.

"Please don't disappoint me Jeff, I've thought for the last 3 years what it was I could give you that was special and personal. Several guys have tried to get it, but I saved it for you!" My heart was pounding, this little blonde had to be the most gorgeous creature I had seen in a long time. "If you turn me down Jeff, it will devastate me," and she began to cry. I came over and sat next to her and hugged her and told her that everything was ok, I would be honored. "I've never had sex Jeff, so be gentle and I want you to teach me how to make love." 

Was I dreaming???? "When did you want to do this," I nervously asked her. 

"Tonight, of course," was her answer, "I asked and you are on your days off." I sat there staring at her, not believing what my ears had heard. "This is my gift to you Jeff, my thank you for saving my life." 

I needed a drink! I had a drink and she asked me to fix her one too and I did. We sat there and she started telling me about her experiences. "I have sucked cock, Jeff and, guys have played with my titties, but no one got near what I had saved for you." 

Soon, the alcohol started having its effect and I was more relaxed and I could tell she was too. "Do I look nice Jeff?" she asked. "I bought this dress just for you."

"You look great baby," I replied and she stood up and modeled for me. She had shoulder length blonde hair which shone in the light, and was wearing a red satiny dress," Firemen love red, I'm told," she said as I stared. 

"Yes, we do Nicole." 

My eyes went back to her body, she had very nice tits, about 34b, I'd guess and a flat tummy and beautiful legs- just perfect! We finished our drinks and she said, "Can we go to your bedroom Jeff?" We started up the stairs and she walked ahead of me. I watched her tender ass sway in front of me and as she got ahead of me, I caught a glimpse of red satin panties as she climbed the stairs. I was so nervous when we reached my bedroom and she let me walk past her and closed and locked the door. 

I sat on the bed and she came over and sat on my lap, wrapped her arms around me and pressed her lips to mine. I was apprehensive at first, but she worked her tongue into my mouth and soon our tongues were dueling and I felt my cock start to harden. She took an arm from around my neck and dropped it to my crotch and began rubbing my hard on through my jeans. A moan escaped from her lips as she stroked my cock. 

"You are so big Jeff, I hope I can take it all," she whispered. Then she got up and asked me to stand. She unbuttoned my shirt and took it off, then my t shirt. Her hands worked at my belt and jeans and soon they were crumples at my feet. She lifted my legs one at a time and took my jeans off, then she pulled my boxers down and did the same thing. She dropped to her knees and my rock hard cock was staring her in the face. She grasped the base with her hand and guided it towards her mouth, her lips opened and her tongue came out to greet it. 

My cock and her tongue disappeared into her mouth at the same time and she began to suck my ever so softly and pump my cock with her hand in unison with her sucking. She started slowly at first and then eased more and more into her warm mouth, soon I could feel the back of her mouth as she pumped my cock in and out over those sweet lips. She looked up at me with her blues wide and I could feel my sperm making it's trip. Soon, I spasmed as my hot jism flooded her beautiful mouth and spilled out onto her chin. She sucked me dry and then pushed the remaining cum on her chin into her mouth, "You taste great Jeff," she smiled. 

Then, she told me it was her turn and turned around and pulled her long blonde hair up and asked me to unzip her. I got up and complied and her red satiny dress fell in a heap on the floor. She kicked it over to the side and turned back around. Now, she stood before me in her red satin panties and matching bra. "Finish me, " she said and I unclasped her bra and slid it off, putting it with her dress. She took my hands and put them on her pert tits and I massaged them and squeezed her nipples ever so lightly. 

She cooed as I rubbed her tits and her head went back and that beautiful blonde hair fell off her shoulders. I bent forward and took one of the inviting nipples in my mouth, relishing it's perfect size and shape. She continued to moan as I went from one to the other and then she pushed my hands down to those satin panties. I hooked my thumbs in the waistband and pushed them over her hips, they fell to the floor and she stepped out of them and kicked them aside. 

She lay back on the bed and spread her legs wide to let me fully appreciate my gift. I dropped to my knees and eased my head up to her warm snatch. I inhaled a whiff of her sweet musk and it intoxicated me, then I blew ever so lightly on her golden pubic hairs and she moaned again. With my hands, I pushed up her hood and gazed at her swollen clit and began rubbing it with my finger and she gasped and juices began to flow from her tight hole. I extended my tongue and let them run over it and then ventured into this prize, this gift of a lifetime. I suckled her vulva and her vagina and slid my tongue over her clit. "No one has ever done this to me Jeff, you're the first," she gasped as her orgasm built. Soon, her hands grabbed my head and pushed my tongue in further and she screamed and filled my mouth with her juices. 

After her orgasm, she lay motionless on the bed and I got up and lay next to her. "God, that felt so good," she said. She saw my face and told me she wanted to taste herself and began licking my chin and kissing me. My cock began to rise again and she put her hand around it, "Oh Jeff, I want this so bad. I've waited so long." 

She gently stroked it and squeezed the head lightly as she did. She moved down and took it in her mouth again and marveled at it as she suckled it. I eased my hand between her legs and slowly stroked her clit, it was still swollen. I eased a finger in and shortly met her maidenhead, I pushed on it and she jerked, "It's gonna hurt when I push through this Nicole, I just want you to know." She smiled up at me with my cock in her hand and said." I know, my girlfriends have told me that, but they say it's an exquisite pain," and she smiled again. 

She returned to lazily sucking on my cock and marveled each time it grew, "It certainly is nice," she said as she pulled it over her lips. I slowly massaged her clit and daubed my fingers in her vagina up to her maidenhead. Her pussy was getting very wet again and I paused and brought my fingers up to my mouth and sucked them, she sure was tasty. The next time I pulled my fingers out, she caught my hand and brought them to her mouth and sucked them individually, "Do you like how I taste?" she asked questioningly. 

"Very good Nicole, very good," I replied. 

She smiled up at me and the innocence in her face was adorable, the wonder in her eyes could make you drunk. "Touch me again Jeff," she asked so adoringly. I slid my hand back and rubbed her clit and stroked her blonde curls on her mound, she pushed my hand lower and I was sopn over her anus and she pushed my finger towards the entrance.

"Ooooh," she moaned, "would you like to have that too Jeff?" I couldn't believe my ears, then she looked at me and said, "If it weren't for you Jeff, I wouldn't even be here. I owe you everything and anything I have is yours." 

I dipped my finger back in her warm, wet pussy and coated it with her juices and returned it to her puckered littl anus and worked it back and forth until it went in. "Ahhh, that feels strange," she remarked, "but interesting," she added. I worked my finger in and out of her ass and soon she was meeting my strokes. 

"If you totally relax your ass muscles Nicole, penetration is not too bad," I told her. I felt her ass totally relax and I began probing deeper and then I moved up to my thumb. She squealed when my thumb went in and then she giggled and remarked that it felt good. With my other hand, I began stroking her clit and inserted a finger in her pussy. Her juices flowed over my fingers and her breathing got erratic. 

"Oh God Jeff, I'm cummmmmmmiiiiiiinnnnnngggg, " as her juices poured over my hand and her ass clamped down on my thumb. She began thrashing on the bed and riding both my hands as she let go, it was wonderful. As her orgasm subsided, I withdrew my hands and she came up and kissed my passionately. "Oh Jeff, it's just like I imagined it would be. I'm ready for your cock now, I don't think I can get any more lubricated." She eased back up on the bed and spread her legs and I positioned myself between her open legs. She grabbed my cock and led it to her hot cunt and began feeding it to herself. 

She stopped when she got to her hymen and said, "I'll leave the rest up to you Jeff. Don't stop, it's ok, I want you to take me." I eased up against her hymen and when I hit it, I pulled back a little and jammed it through. "Aaarrrrrggggghhhh, it hurts!!" she cried, "but please don't stop Jeff." 

When I was fully inside of her I paused for a moment and let her vagina get used to it's intruder and then began thrusting in and out. Slow at first and then I picked up speed. Before long, her pelvis was meeting my thrusts and I could feel the blood oozing out around my cock. I bent forward and took her tits in my mouth one at a time and sucked on them and she started to moan out loud. 

"Oh God Jeff, this is great!!! Fuck me harder, I like it when it's all in me." I pumped in and out and her tempo grew as she reached another orgasm. Her vagina tightened around my cock and she began milking my cock with her vaginal muscles as she leapt toward her orgasm. Her breathing got erratic and then stopped all together for a moment and then she screamed in ecstacy. Her orgasm and her vaginal muscles and her newly deflowered pussy all combined to pull the cum out of me. 

"I'm cumming Nicole!!!" I screamed and she said, "Give it to me Jeff, fill me up with your seed." My balls exploded as squirt after squirt of jism filled up her tight canal. Each inward push made my cum vacate her tight hole and it oozed out around my cock and mixed with her juices and her blood from her torn hymen. I fell spent on top of her as my cock emptied the last of my load in her. 

She smiled up at me, "That was even better than my girlfriend said it would be. Your hot cum in me felt great, don't worry Jeff, I'm on the pill." With that I kissed her on the forehead and lay back down on her with my ear resting on her tit. 

She giggled as my cock deflated and pulled itself out, "That Tickles," she laughed. 

Then we got up and went into the bathroom and I turned on the shower and we climbed in. The water felt good pouring over me, and I just stood there staring at this ripe, luscious child in front of me. She caught me looking, "What's wrong Jeff?" I watched as the water ran down over her perky little tits and ran down her stomach and into that wonderful spot between her legs. 

"Nothing," I said. "I just feel like I died and went to heaven," and I smiled at her. 

She threw her arms around me and hugged me and then kissed me. "I will always remember this night Jeff, the night I gave myself to the man who is responsible for my being here. You are my hero Jeff, and I love you." 

She put her head on my shoulder and I rubbed her back as tears ran from my eyes. No one had ever done anything so noble or beautiful for me in my life. We bathed each other, toweled off and went to the bedroom. We put on bathrobes and went downstairs for a drink. She sat next to me on the sofa and we cuddled as we sipped our drinks. I stroked her shoulder length blonde hair and marveled at how it shone. she looked up at me and I bent down and locked over her mouth. Her hand went over and spread my bathrobe and took my growing cock in her hand and stroked it tweaking the head lightly. Our kiss ended and she bent down and took me in her mouth again and sucked me very slowly. 

She struggled to get it all in her mouth, and finally succeeded and was swirling her tongue around it. One hand massaged my balls as the other pumped my cock in and out of her mouth. I reached over and parted her bathrobe and played with those beautiful tits as my angel gorged herself on my cock. She moaned deeply and the vibrations of her moan transferred to my cock and I let loose with another load. She was able to swallow most of it, but a little bit leaked out and fell on my balls. 

After my cock was done, she pulled her mouth off and licked the cum off my balls. she sat up and we finished our drinks. "What time do you have to be home?" I asked. "Dad thinks I'm spending the weekend at my girlfriend's and mom knows where I am and what I'm doing. She encouraged me to do this after I told her it was what I wanted, dad wouldn't understand but mom does." 

We kissed and I got up and picked her up and carried her back up to my bed. I told her to get on her hands and knees and she did it without hesitation. I pushed her head down slightly which caused her ass to go higher in the air and climbed up behind her. I threw my bathrobe on the floor with hers and began licking her from behind. I started at the top of her ass and licked all the way down to her pussy which was already wet again.

I forced my tongue into her ass hole and she tensed up, "Remember what I told you sweetie, RELAX," and she did. I plunged my tongue in and out of her ass and went around and coated my tongue with her love juices and carried them back to her ass. I worked my thumb into her ass again and let her get accustomed to it, then I moved up and stuck my cock in her wet pussy and pumped her a few times to lube it. 

I paused at the entrance to her last virginal hole and then eased it on in. She jumped as the head broke through and I had to remind her to relax again and she did. I got about half of it in and started a slow pumping action as her ass got used to this intruder. Soon, her ass became like elastic around my cock as I picked up the pace and she started to enjoy it a little.

Before too long, I was hitting it pretty hard and she squealed each time I was fully inside her tight little ass. I saw her reach down and start fingering her clit as I pistoned in and out of her little brown hole. I grabbed hold of her hips and held on as I pumped and pumped. Soon she began to spasm her tight asshole and it was more than I could stand and I filled up her tight little hole with my cum, she soon joined me in her orgasm and we both collapsed again. She asked me to leave my cock in her ass, she wanted to see what it felt like drawing out as it softened and I did. She didn't giggle this time but said it still felt good. We both fell asleep, my blonde angel in my arms and my hand over her chest. We had the whole weekend to look forward to!!