 Chapter I

I was 19 years old when my father gave me "The Gift."

At that time I didn't know what it was and didn't know what to do with it, but it didn't matter. I respected my father and did what he told me to do. We were an unusual family, my father was a full-blooded Seminole Indian but didn't live with my Anglo mother and myself in Jacksonville, Florida but he visited frequently. When I was in school he often came during the day while I was away. Once in a while he came on the weekend and usually stayed overnight. My mother was deeply in love with him and, on these occasions, became giddy as a schoolgirl and beamed for days afterward. I know he took very good care of us and sent my mother quite a bit of money every month. While I was in high school, I learned that he was a very powerful medicine man and a key figure in the Seminole tribal council in South Florida.

He had met my mother while they were both students at Florida State University in Tallahassee where he had been an outstanding athlete. If she had gone to live with him after they were married, it would have been on the reservation in South Florida so they decided that she would live in Jacksonville, close to her family. She opened a small bookstore to keep herself busy and I worked there part time after school and on Saturday. We were closed on Sundays.

Although I was a big, handsome fellow, I was very slow to mature. My voice didn't begin to change until I was almost seventeen years old and by the time I turned nineteen I still hadn't seen the first hint of a whisker. My mother attributed it to my Native American heritage but I was aware that I was just not as masculine as my friends. Like my dad, I played football but was not as good as he had been. 

On my nineteen birthday in early summer, just a few months before I was to start college, my father came to visit, bearing gifts. The strangest gift of all was a small, sealed container of what looked to be tea leaves. 

His English was as good as or better than most so-called Americans but because of his involvement in Indian affairs and what the tourists expected, he had adopter a curt, very basic way of speaking. From his use of the language, you would never guess he had a PHD and had written numerous acclaimed books on Native American Culture, Medicines and Customs.

We were sitting at the kitchen table when he gave me the little canister and said, "My son, this gift is a powerful medicine that every young man needs. You are to make a hot beverage from the leaves every day. Although it is a little bitter, it is very good for you and will give you powers well beyond those of other young men. Be careful to take a cup every day and let me know when you need more."

Later, when I told my mother about this, she just smiled very knowingly and said, "Pay attention to your father, he does know what he is talking about. You should do exactly as he says. You will be much better for it."

The very next day I started my "tea" regimen. Within weeks I began to notice a very gradual change in my body. My hair, which was already long and black, became shinier and easier to take care of. My pubic hair and the hair under my arms became a little coarser. My voice deepened and I even noticed the first vestige of whiskers. There was a definite bulking out of my muscles. I assumed that the tea was some sort of a masculine tonic but I was soon to find it was far more than that.

Not long after I began to become aware of the changes, I was asked to be an usher at the wedding of one of my friend's older brother. The wedding went off without a hitch and I was having a good time at the reception in the hotel. One of the bridesmaids, Heidi, a girl I knew from school and thought was a hot number, dragged me up to dance with her. I'm not much of a dancer but we bounced around for a couple of fast numbers so I was relieved when they started a slower tune. I took her in my arms and was really getting into it, her body was soft and yielding and her perfume was intoxicating. 

She seamed to enjoy the closeness and wilted into my arms, but suddenly, she stiffened and pushed away from me. She had a strange look in her eyes and her face was flushed. "What... What are you doing to me? I… I don't… I can't handle this!" Without another word, she ran off the dance floor leaving me standing there with half a hard on.

Dejectedly, I started off the floor only to be grabbed from behind by an older woman that I thought was the bride's aunt. With a chuckle in her voice she said, "I saw that! What did you do to that poor girl? Did you rub up against her? Come on, you can do it to me, I like it." With that, she grabbed my arm and twirled me back onto the dance floor. 

Although she was much older than I, perhaps 35 or so, she was a very attractive, well-proportioned woman. She was tall, almost as tall as my 6' 2" in her heels. Her light brown hair framed a beautiful face, highlighting her rich tawny eyes and full red lips. She wasn't one of the bride's attendants but I had noticed her because she was wearing a gown similar to the rest of the wedding party. She wasn't kidding about the rubbing except she was doing it to me! She ground herself into me until my poor 19-year-old cock was hard as a hammer handle. She couldn't help but notice.

"Wow! You are something! Do you get like that every time you dance with a girl?" She hooked her arm into mine and headed us toward the patio. "Come on, let's get some air. I'm Alice, Joan's cousin from out of town, what's your name?" 

"I'm Jimmy, Jimmy Williams." (My real name was Jimmy Williams-Tiger, but I used my mother's maiden name in school.) "I'm a friend of Richard's brother."

The reception had begun to wind down and there were only a few people left in the dining room or out on the patio. She pushed me against a wall between two bushes and kissed me, not just a little peck but, an open mouth, tongue dueling encounter. She was pushing herself against my erection. 

"You are a big boy aren't you? I'd like to feel that thing you are poking me with." Her hand went down between us and she grabbed my cock through my pants. "God you are big! It's been a long time since I had one that hard." 

Her hand felt good so I didn't object when she undid my belt, the top button of my trousers and slid my zipper down. The moment she touched my dick she gasped. "God! You are big, hard, and nice to hold! It gives me the shivers to touch it! Come on, let's go up to my room and see if you know how to use that thing.

I wasn't about to tell her I had only done it once before, and that was with a girl a bunch of us guys got drunk and screwed in the back of a car. I was pretty drunk then and didn't remember much of it.

She zipped me up and ushered me around to a side door, down a corridor and into an elevator. The second the door closed she wrapped her arms around me and ground herself against my hard cock again. A moment later we arrived at her flood and she towed me (willingly) into her room.

We were standing about 6 feet apart as she reached behind her back and unzipped her gown. "OK Jimmie, off with those clothes and lets see what you got and what you can do with it."

By now, she was barefoot and her gown and slip were around her feet, on the floor. She was the sexiest thing I had ever seen, standing there in her bra and bikini panties. My coat, shirt and tie were off and I was taking my undershirt off. My eyes almost popped out of my head when she dropped her bra and let those luscious titties flop out. They were big, round and full with large pink areolas and nipples standing out like, well, nipples. 

She stepped out of the pile of clothes on the floor and dropped the bikini panties to reveal a small patch of pubic hair, trimmed into the shape of an arrowhead, pointing down at paradise. I don't remember taking the rest of my clothes off. But I do remember her coming to me and pushing her warm, soft, naked body against mine and kissing me with her tongue deep in my mouth. My stiff pole was folded up against my belly, captured between us. She pushed me backward until I collapsed on the bed with her hovering over me. Her warm hands were massaging and caressing my dick, which was already weeping precum. My hand was between her legs, marveling at the moisture I found there. 

Tantalizingly, she lowered her head and licked away the first drop of liquid oozing from me. She put her lips on the head as if to kiss it and gradually let it slid into her warm, soft mouth. I could feel her tongue swirling around the helmet, dancing along the tender, sensitive underside but when she slid it all the way in, so far that her nose was almost touching my groin, I thought I would loose it. 

She looked down at me and smiled, " I don't know what it is about you but I am so hot I can't stand it."

I was awestruck as she slowly crawled onto the bed, straddled my hips, held my cock in an upright position and gradually lowered her warm, moist pussy onto it. Her hands were on my chest now and although it appeared she was looking at me, I could see her eyes were almost glassy and not focused on anything. She was making soft moaning noises as she slowly posted up and down on me, sliding my hard dick in and out of her cunt. 

She continued her leisurely ride, at times rising so high until I was afraid my cock would fall out. At the crucial apex of her motion she slowly and carefully lowered herself all the way down until she was nestled tight against me. In this position she wiggled enough to bring her clitoris in direct contact with the shaft of my cock and contracted her internal muscles of her vagina almost like she was milking a cow. Just when I thought I would cum, she would stop and start the exercise all over again. 

She was still supporting her body with her hands on my chest but she was in another world entirely, completely lost, oblivious of everything but my hard cock slipping in and out of her. Her head had sagged between her shoulders until her hair completely hid her face while she continued her quest to suck the semen out of my body with her pussy. Every now and then, she would stop completely, take a few deep breaths and start again. I'm sure the stops were when she was close to cumming. 

Finally, she gasped, stiffened, gave a little sigh and simply wilted on top of me. Although she was completely still, I could feel the muscles of her vagina clinching and releasing, clinching and releasing. It was more than I could take and I was straining against her, pushing her inert body up and down as I pounded into her from below. I would not be denied and in just a few moments I unloaded my almost virginal sperm deep into her, pulse after pulse and my body racked with the ecstasy of a mighty orgasm.

When it was over and I was basking in the thrill of having fucked such a desirable woman I became aware that she was still laying across my chest, almost comatose from the exertion. I realized that we had been at it for almost an hour. There was no response from her when I rolled her onto the other side of the bed. I got up, went to the toilet, cleaned up and when I got back I found her curled into the fetal position. I climbed into bed and nestled my nude body against hers, my soft dick against her ass. She murmured softly, pushed against me and soon began to snore quietly.

I had some of the most vivid dreams of my life that night. I began to get a warm, heavenly feeling that was beyond description and awoke to find it was she, laying between my legs and nursing on my penis. She was fondling my balls with one hand, holding my cock with the other and looking up at me across my stomach. She pulled her head up a little, smiled, licked her lips and said, "Well sleepy head, what do you think of this?"

"I think it's wonderful. I never had anyone do that to me before. Please don't stop."

"If you never had a blow job, have you ever eaten pussy?"

I had heard the other guys at school talk about it but had never had the chance. I really didn't want to admit I was so naive but I was afraid I couldn't fake that, at least not with her. "No, but I would like to try."

"Good for you. Most men are a little hesitant at first but once they get into it they usually like it. You just stay there on your back and I will take care of everything."

She moved around on the bed until we were in the 69 position. Her knees were on either side of my face and her pussy was only inches from my nose. She smelled fresh and clean and it dawned on me that she must have bathed while I was sleeping. I was wondering if I was going to be able to do this when she swallowed my cock again. Without another thought, I stuck my tongue into her pussy and found I really liked it. The fantastic feeling of her mouth on my cock and the excitement of eating my first pussy was almost overwhelming.

I stabbed, licked and probed until I found the little button that I knew must be her clitoris. She was wiggling noticeably when I sucked it between my lips and ran my tongue over it. 

She was sucking on my cock with renewed vigor and just when I thought I would lose it, she let out a muffled grunt, ground her snatch into my face and flooded me with her juices. The sweet taste of her nectar did it for me and I unloaded into her mouth. With each pulse I was bucking so hard she had to hold my cock to keep me from ramming it down her throat. 

When it was over, I lay there gasping for breath. She rolled off of me and said, "My God, you are good. Are you sure that you never ate pussy before? I don't think I ever had it any better." 

It struck me like a bomb when she added, "Your ability to please a women is an unusual skill. You should cherish and nurture that as a gift. Did you get it from your father?"

If only she knew. "Yes, I did."

We made love once more that morning before she had to check out of the hotel. She was obligated to stop by and see her aunt before she started her long drive back to Virginia. 

Her parting words were, "I think I'll go home and kick my boyfriend in the ass. I'll always remember you and your wonderful Gift. If you ever get to Richmond, call me."

30

Copyright © 10-27-2004 by E. J. Sheeran. All rights reserved. This work, in part, or whole, is not to be distributed, reproduced, transmitted or posted, in any manner, without the express written permission of the author.

For comments on this story contact me through the link below.