 Susan's first sexual encounter after 17 years of marriage opens the flood gates and begins a process of physical and spiritual healing for her.

It had been probably four or five years since they made love. They had sex once during that time, and it was pleasant enough, but since things started going downhill in the marriage, Susan had lost interest in being anywhere near Scott. He'd put on weight and cared less and less about his appearance, probably in response to Susan's lack of attention to him. 

Susan put more energy into volunteering and her children's activities, just to get away from him. Her interest in sex waned, and she very rarely even felt the need to masturbate. At times she felt sad to think that there were so many people in the world enjoying sex and she was not, but it didn't really matter that much to her. Susan figured it was due to the process of aging, and she was "past her prime" at the ripe old age of 46. 

After months of therapy and extensive soul-searching, Susan decided that she needed to divorce Scott, and he angrily moved out. Peace was restored to her household, and with the source of constant tension gone, Susan gradually began to feel normal again. She had always stayed physically fit, and she was delighted to discover that she was still attractive to men. She discovered Literotica.com and enjoyed reading the hot stories after the kids were in bed. Thanks to all the creative and wonderful authors out there, Susan began to feel sexual again, and she looked forward to dating and to the possibility of enjoying sex once again.

When John called and asked if he could visit during a weekend that the kids were with their dad, Susan said "Of course!" John and Susan had been lovers almost 25 years ago. They'd met at work in the 3rd floor coffee room. His office was right across the hallway, and he had flirted unabashedly with her when she went in to get coffee. Eventually they began to have lunch together, enjoying an easy camaraderie mixed in with a fair amount of flirtation. It was during one of those business lunches that John whispered in her ear, "I want to make love with you." His direct approach both startled her and thrilled her in a way she hadn't experienced before.

Theirs was a "no-strings attached" arrangement, and it suited them well. He was 11 years older than her, divorced with 3 kids, and Susan was fresh out of college. Susan knew she wanted kids eventually, and though John loved her, he did not want more children. He could never stand in Susan's way, though. Because of those differences, they never made any commitments to each other, but they enjoyed their time together tremendously. They shared a sense of adventure and a love of the outdoors, and they spent many afternoons walking in the woods, exploring graveyards, swimming in the lakes nearby and climbing trees. Away from the stuffy corporate environment of their workplace, they could be themselves, and when she was with John, Susan felt playful and free. Sex was passionate between them, they were both uninhibited and adventuresome, and their friendship endured their marriages, the distance and the years. 

Susan was nervous about what might happen between them during John's visit, but she was so excited to be seeing John again after all this time that she didn't allow herself to dwell on that. Both she and John had remained faithful to their spouses, and John was still married, so Susan didn't expect or plan anything in the way of romance with John. She just wanted to enjoy his company and spend time catching up with him. He was bringing his kayak, and they'd planned an adventure together, exploring the river behind Susan's house.

That Friday night finally arrived. The kids were already at their dad's when Susan heard John pull up into her driveway. She ran to the window and watched him as he got out of the car. He looked very much the same as she remembered, but his hair was a lot longer and a little gray, and he had it gathered back in a ponytail. He had a long, gray beard, and he grinned widely as he spotted her walking out the door towards him. 

"Hey, Morgie!" Morgan was Susan's maiden name, and John had always playfully called her that. 

"Pinelli!" She cried, as she ran over and threw her arms around him. She noticed right away that he felt much different than Scott. Her arms fit all the way around him nicely, and she could look him in the eye without craning her head way back. Smaller in stature than Scott, and much more compact, John's body matched hers quite well.

"Holy shit, you haven't changed a bit," said John as he pulled away and held her at arm's length to look her over. "Still the same old Morgie," he said with a smile. Then, unexpectedly, he kissed her, full on the mouth! Susan was a little taken aback at this forward gesture, as she hadn't kissed anyone except Scott like that for over 17 years! Old habits are hard to break, and even though she and Scott were separated, this first kiss with someone else since she and Scott met wasn't quite what she had expected. Her brain told her it was not right, and she tried to override that thought as she kissed him back. 

She knew it was weird, but she felt uncomfortable kissing him, and she pulled back. John would push it as far as she would allow it to go, but no further. They both knew that those were the rules, so he stopped, no questions asked.

"Sorry, Morgie, I know you've got a lot on your plate right now." He apologized. 

"Don't worry about it." She replied awkwardly. She felt a little like she'd let him down, but he respected her feelings. That's one thing that was always uniquely different with John. He was only thinking about her, and not about himself. 

"Show me around the place." He said, as he turned and pushed his car door closed. "By the way, is there a place we can smoke this?" He reached into his pocket and produced a small pipe. Susan laughed. It had also been a long time since she'd gotten high. It was something she had enjoyed years ago, but once the kids arrived on the scene, the crowd of people she hung out with changed. She wasn't surprised that John was still into it, and marveled at the fact that almost 25 years had passed since she'd last seen him and he still loved the bud.

"Come on in the back, I'll show you the pool area. It's private, and we can catch a buzz right here." Susan said, as she turned toward the gate. John followed her into the fenced-in area around the pool, and Susan closed the gate behind them.

"Wow, this is nice." John commented, as he looked around and took in Susan's back yard with the in-ground pool. "Mind if I take a dip?" John asked, as he proceeded to peel off his tank top and throw it on the chair near the pool steps. "I'm hot and sweaty from the road." 

"No problem, but I don't think I'll join you this time." Susan replied, as she took a seat in one of the deck chairs. Next came John's flip-flops, then without missing a beat, off came his shorts. Susan's eyes widened in surprise as she realized he wasn't wearing underwear! She watched him toss his shorts onto the chair, turn, and then shallow-dive into her pool. That was John, alright. Not a shy bone in his body for sure, she thought. She shook her head and tried to compose her thoughts and her expression. 

She tried not to stare, but she noticed that John had kept himself in pretty good shape too. He was always a small guy, and his age was showing a bit, but she was pleased that there wasn't any excess fat on him. Heck, she was 25 years older now too, and not only that, she'd given birth to two kids, so she was sagging in a few places herself.

John surfaced, shook the water out of his hair and beard, and with a big grin, exclaimed "Wow! That feels great." He laughed out loud as he walked toward her saying, "You don't know what you're missing, Morgie! Come on in!" 

"I'm going to skip it this time." Susan said, though his laugh was infectious. She felt a little uncomfortable with John's nudity, and she wasn't sure she wanted to take her clothes off yet, but she didn't want to embarrass John by swimming with her bathing suit on while he was naked, so she decided to sit it out and avoid the issue entirely. This was nothing different than she and John had done in the past, and she felt a little bit disappointed in herself that John was still as uninhibited as he ever was but she seemed to have gotten more than a little bit uptight. She guessed it had to do with being a mom, and tried to dismiss it. 

"I'm not making you feel uncomfortable, am I?" John asked, as he ascended the steps out of the pool. Water streamed off his cock, the first live cock besides Scott's that she'd seen in 17 years, and Susan tried not to stare. John was obviously very comfortable in his skin, and he just looked at Susan with an amused expression as he reached for a towel and wrapped it around his shoulders. 

"No, it's just that I...well, maybe a little bit," She mumbled in reply, giggling nervously. He simply smiled as he took his time slowly drying off. 

"Ah. That felt fantastic!" John stepped into his shorts, threw the towel over the rack, and sat down in the chair next to her, reaching into his pocket for the pipe.

"Maybe this will help you relax a little." He offered, as he placed the pipe and a lighter on the table in front of her. Susan couldn't help but grin as she put the pipe to her lips, lit it, and drew in a breath of smoke. How long had it been, she wondered? Even after so many years, the whole ritual still felt familiar and comfortable to her. The smoke burned her throat, and she coughed most of it out, but right away she felt a tightening behind her eyes. Different yet somehow very familiar, Susan let out another awkward cough as she followed the ritual and passed the pipe to John. After two more hits, Susan felt pleasantly buzzed. Scott would angrily disapprove if he knew what I was doing, she thought. Too bad, she argued back to her nagging conscience. I'm in charge of my life now!

The time passed quickly and easily as they talked and laughed together, reminiscing over the adventures they'd had and catching up on more recent events in their lives. They were able to slide right back into the amicable friendship that they'd always enjoyed. It was as if they had only been apart a few days rather than 25 years. They soon grew tired and Susan knew she'd have to make a decision soon. 

"Where am I sleeping tonight, Morgie?" John asked, stifling a yawn. "You know I'll do whatever you want to do. I'm just happy to be here with you." He looked at her earnestly as he spoke, and Susan knew it would be her choice completely.

She thought for a moment, still uncertain of her feelings. It had never been this difficult for Susan to sort out her feelings, but she had been through a lot recently. Even though she knew that divorcing Scott was the right thing for her and her family, the emotional wound was still raw. It must be the pot, she thought, but her mind still reeled with conflicting emotions. She thought she probably needed to be alone tonight to give herself a chance to process everything that she was feeling.

"John, I feel overwhelmed right now. I'm very sorry, but I think I'll make up the sofa bed and you can sleep out here tonight." 

If John was disappointed by her reply, he certainly didn't show it. "That's cool," he said. "Let me give you a hand."

Susan got the sheets and blankets out and together they made up the sofa bed. Susan showed John where the bath towels were and brought him a flashlight. "It is wonderful to see you again!" John said, as he embraced her. Susan noticed he didn't try to kiss her this time, and she was grateful for his sensitivity.

"It's great to see you too, John. I'm so glad we never lost touch with each other."

"Me too." John replied. He put his finger gently under her chin, looked directly into her eyes and said, "Now, you sleep well, my little Morgie."

"You too, Pinelli. G'night." As she walked down the hallway to her bedroom, Susan resisted the urge to tell him what she told her kids every night – sleep tight and don't let the bedbugs bite – and giggled softly to herself as she prepared for bed. Once a mother, always a mother, she thought, as she quickly fell asleep. 

Susan awakened and glanced at the bedside clock. 1:43 a.m. She no longer felt the effects of the pot they'd smoked earlier that evening, and she didn't really feel all that sleepy either. What she felt, much to her surprise was horny. She was acutely aware that John was sleeping in her living room, and she knew he would be a willing partner, but those old habits were deeply engrained in her brain, and so her internal struggle began. Restlessly she tossed and turned. She let her fingers wander down to the crotch of her panties and graze her clit through the silky fabric. The sensation was electric, and she drew in a sharp breath. She couldn't remember the last time she'd been this aroused. She pressed her fingers tight against her pussy and it felt too good to ignore. Her need was so great, and she thought about masturbating, but the prospect of a hard cock after such a long time held a much stronger appeal. She just wasn't convinced enough to do something about it yet.

She rose from the bed and began pacing the floor. Back and forth she walked in her darkened room, as her mind wrestled with her dilemma. She was so horny and John was a known quantity, and he was in the very next room! She knew he could and would satisfy her, but she still felt very much in the "married" mode. She was angry with herself now. She deserved to be happy, didn't she? She'd certainly paid the price. She was physically and emotionally separated from Scott, and wanted nothing to do with him, so it wasn't like she'd be cheating on him, she reasoned. Still, she could not bring herself to walk out there.

Just then she heard the bathroom door close. John was up using the bathroom! Suddenly her decision was simplified. Now is your chance, she thought to herself. Nervously, she waited until she heard him flush, and heard the bathroom door open again. Gathering up her courage, she took a deep breath and reached out for the doorknob. She felt her hand shake slightly as she opened her bedroom door. She was vaguely aware of holding her breath as she deliberately walked down the hallway towards the living room. In the dim light given off from the television cable box, she could see that John had already settled into the sofa bed and was adjusting the covers over himself when she arrived at the edge of the bed. She tentatively reached out and gently touched his shoulder. His eyes opened and focused on her with a questioning look.

"John, I..." She stammered, her heart beating furiously in her chest. "I...I want you...in my bed," she breathed. She was grateful for the dim lighting, as she felt herself blush furiously, the heat rising to her ears. John sat up, still gazing at her with the same questioning look, and the covers fell away from him. She realized he was sleeping naked and she smiled, relaxing slightly. He looked so warm and cozy and inviting. She took his hand and held it as he stood up, then she led him down the hallway and into her bedroom. 

Standing at the foot of her bed, she sighed loudly as John turned towards her, put his arms around her waist, and drew her close to him. She could feel his cock against her thigh. His expression was one of concern as he put his hands on either side of her face and asked her tenderly, "Susan, are you sure you want this?"

Susan suddenly realized that she felt very calm now, and she answered him with one word. "Yes." 

The next thing Susan knew, they were kissing passionately, but she couldn't remember who started it. It felt right this time, and she wanted more. She reached down with one hand and wrapped it around John's cock, the first cock besides Scott's that she had touched in 17 years, and it felt hard and smooth and so good. John responded by sighing loudly, and Susan skimmed her fingers lightly up and down on John's cock, enjoying the silky smooth feeling of his hardness beneath her fingers. Susan felt on fire as her desire clicked in. She began to quicken her pace on John's cock, moaning as she stroked him, feeling him responding to her hand motions as his hands found her nipples. 

After a few moments John put both hands on her shoulders and gently pushed her away. Susan looked at him pleadingly, and he whispered "Wait." He guided her over to the bed and removed the t-shirt she was using as pajamas, then reached down and tenderly pulled her panties off. His cock was sticking straight out from his loins and she felt soaked just looking at it. Susan knew without a doubt that she wanted him, and it felt so right and so normal. She had missed this. She just hadn't realized how much until now.

"Lie down," John breathed, and Susan leaned back and propped herself up against the pillows, watching him. John positioned himself between Susan's legs, running his hands up and down the inside of her thighs. Susan wanted desperately to be touched, and she trembled in anticipation. He looked into her eyes and smiled as he put his hand over her pussy. His fingers deftly parted her lips exposing her swollen clit, and he leaned down and sucked it right into his mouth, swirling it back and forth with his tongue and lips. The pleasure was so sudden and so intense that Susan almost screamed. John seemed to know that Susan didn't need a lot of foreplay right now, because immediately Susan felt John insert a finger, then another. 

"Oh, my God!" Susan exclaimed, as she bucked against John's fingers and pushed her clit harder into his tongue. John responded by applying a little more tongue pressure and increasing the speed of his fingers plunging in and out of her velvet wetness, and Susan could barely catch her breath. At that moment, she completely surrendered herself to John, both physically and emotionally. She gave him her trust and opened her wounded soul to him and he lovingly and tenderly kissed her and played her like a fine instrument. 

He made love to her until the pleasure became too much for her to bear. Susan cried out John's name as she tumbled over the edge and into her orgasm with an intensity that she could not believe and could not remember ever feeling before. Her entire body seemed to explode with sexual release. Before she could even catch her breath, John rose from between her legs, knelt before her, and plunged his cock deep into her still contracting pussy. Every nerve ending seemed to ignite inside of her and Susan actually saw stars as the waves of her orgasm continued to wash over her body with each thrust of John's cock. 

John continued to move inside of her, gradually slowing, all the while massaging and relaxing the muscles of her pussy from the inside, and Susan selfishly relished the sensations. John allowed her to experience her complete pleasure in its purest and simplest form, and Susan absolutely wallowed in it. Healing release seemed to flow through Susan's body with her orgasm, and she knew then just exactly how much she'd missed this sexual connection with the right person, and a slight sickness of regret washed over her when she thought of the wasted years. She knew then with absolute certainty that Scott was not the right person and had not been for a long time. For this moment at least, John was, and he seemed to know exactly what she needed, because he stayed very still inside of her and held her gently against his warm body, caressing her hair while the involuntary tremors in her body slowly stilled. 

Susan's satiation was so complete and so total that she felt paralyzed. Awareness returned to her brain gradually, and she began to move her focus away from herself and out towards John. She could not remember if he'd cum, so she asked him.
