 My lover gave me a gift. A gift I was reluctant, at first, to use. I had gone to the lounge to try and forget my sorrows, and the plan was, to find a male courtesan, any male courtesan, to bring home to warm my bed. I needed to feel a muscular body wrapped around me. I needed a man's scent. Perhaps he knew just what I needed, even though I did not express it. His gift to me was Etienne.

I brought him back to the Chateau and to my chambers. He seemed to understand my nervousness, though, and did not push. Instead, when we stepped into the room, he merely smiled and caressed my cheek. I remember blushing and then cursing under my breath. He kept that knowing smile and his hands slid down to slowly start to unlace my dress. I let him, of course, even though his touch was not demanding at all. I knew he would stop if I made him. I did not want him to stop, truth be told. I simply closed my eyes and then my breath caught at the quiet sound of silk falling to the floor. Then he was guiding me to the bed and I sat down upon the mattress. He knelt on one knee before me and took off each shoe. My eyes flew open then, for I had something to hide, and when his hands slide up my calves, over my silk stockings, moving towards my thighs to remove them, I protested. "Leave them on." I said, and he complied.

He did not try to remove my chemise, either. Instead, he stood and gave me a slow kiss, before he began to disrobe himself. I watched as he discarded every stitch of clothing he had on. My eyes darkened as his flesh was exposed to me. Nude, he made my heart beat erratically. Dark skin, sinewy muscles, a taunt backside. His cock, though, had me mesmerized. Large and thick and already quite hard with lust, it protruded from a thatch of dark curls.

He watched me as I looked my fill, keeping that knowing smile upon his face. Then he walked forward once again, and just like before, he lowered himself before me. This time, however, his hands grasped my thighs and spread them. His head nestled in between, grazing the fiery curls that shielded my sex. He inhaled deeply of my scent. I was trembling, at this point, for he was so close, so close to doing what drives me wild. I knew it was coming. He knew I knew, and he took his sweet time.

Then, I felt it. The tip of his tongue upon my labia and the slow, tortuous sliding over me. I moaned. I gasped. My hands lowered to his head and I pushed him more firmly between my legs and arched against him, needing more. I heard a quiet chuckle and then his tongue was pressing harder against me and licking my nether lips. I started to shake as an onslaught of sensation wracked through me. His lips closed around me and his tongue began to move faster. He stopped, however, when he felt me close to bursting. Another chuckle as he pulled away, only to press gentle kisses to the inside of my thighs. I whimpered, and he waited until I had come down from the brink before he pressed his lips to my centre once again. Again he tortured me, bringing me to the point of climax with his lips and tongue, only to pull away just at the last. Until, finally, he deemed it time. And when he did not stop, when he started to suck me through his teeth, I screamed. My hips bucked upwards repeatedly as I rode his tongue. Pleasure washed over me, so very intense for being prolonged, and his lips pressed hard against me, his tongue delved deep inside me, thrusting over and over, as I came.

After, I could naught but collapse back, my thighs trembling, my own scent heavy around me. I felt him move up, then, push me up, as he placed a knee between my spread legs and crawled onto the bed. On his knees, he grasped each of my legs and wrapped them around his waist, then his hands moved under me to clutch at my buttocks. He lifted my hips up and rubbed the head of his cock over my vulva, teasing us both. There was another moan and I know not whether twas him or me. Then I felt him thrust and he went in easily, for I was so very wet from his tonguing and the subsequent climax it had brought. He rocked his hip into me and threw back his head as he pumped me slow and deep. Over and over, until his head moved again and he bent over me. He nudged my chemise up with his nose and lips, and then his teeth found my nipples. He nibbled on them gently as he continued to move upon me. His hands moved up now to grasp each breast and squeeze, pushing them together, massaging them as he sucked. Then, suddenly, he let go and raised his head and his hands moved back under me, making me lift and arch my back. He pulled me against him so that my breasts flattened against his chest. I twined my arms about his neck and thrust against him as he moved. Locked together, thigh to thigh, his dark eyes bored into mine. I saw raw lust but also something else. He knew just exactly what he was doing to me and he was not even close to finishing.

Indeed, after a while, he pushed me back and withdrew completely. I moaned in protest at being empty once more, but I needn't have. He moved to my side and pushed me over, so that I was laying flat on my stomach. Then he came over me and kissed the side of my face, my neck, ran his tongue over my shoulder. Then his tongue darted out again to lick down the length of my spine. Heaven, pure Heaven. When he reached my tail bone, my back arched again and I cried out, wiggling. There it was again. The low masculine chuckle, before he pressed a kiss there and moved lower. I started to wiggle now, my eyes flying open as his hands grasped the cheeks of my bottom, kneading them, parting them. But he simple moved his lips to my right cheek and started to kiss and gently bite, sucking a little. He moved on to the other cheek and did the same, covering each one in little nips and leaving small red marks in his wake.

Finally, he was ready for more. His hands grasped my legs and pushed them up, urging me onto my knees. Then one hand moved to my back, pushing it down so that only my bottom was thrust out high. The bed shifted as he once more came up to his knees, this time, behind me. I felt the tip of his cock sliding along the lips of my sex, before he pushed into me, sharply. Where before he was slow and somewhat gentle, this time, he was anything but. He proceeded to use me most thoroughly, ramming into me with harsh, deep strokes. Every so often, he would drive in, then grind slowly against my buttocks, rotating his hips so that I could feel every hard inch deep inside me. Then he would move out and thrust back in, his abdomen slapping against me. The sound of wet flesh smacking echoed in the room. The scent of sex was heavy, and both of us were sweating now. I was close, so very close, but sensing that, he pulled out.

This was a man who knew precisely how and when to give pleasure. And for the moment, he was holding back. I protested, of course, and even cursed at him, for I am a greedy woman and wanted to come again. But, looking back now, I see what he was about. He wanted to give me the ultimate pleasure, and by denying the immediate, he could bring about the most at the end. Which is precisely what he did.

He grabbed the base of his cock with one hand, while the other caressed over my bottom. One finger slid down into the crevice between to tease along the opening there. I cried out again, my face red with frustration and longing. To teach me a lesson, I suppose, that finger then thrust in, deeply. I cried out again, louder, and bucked my bottom back, encouraging him. Maybe he was surprised, I have no idea, only that he seemed to like my reaction. He began to pump his finger in and out of me, fucking me like that, until he was ready, until he knew I was ready. His withdrew his finger and I felt him pushing his cock inside. There, just like I love. He eased it inside of me, gently, careful not to cause pain. He needn't have worried, for I like a little pain. I pushed back harshly, showing him just that and I heard a distinctively pleased sound of masculine lust. Knowing that he did not need to be gentle with me with such an act, he then impaled me with one brutal thrust that took the breath from me. In and out he rammed me. Hard, deep. Our moans and cries filled the room. It was apparent now that he was getting close, as well. One of his hands moved out to push my face into my pillow as he continued to ride me. His other hand moved under me and down, to my warm, wet centre. Two fingers thrust inside me, moving in time to his thrusts and I knew a new painful pleasure as I was filled completely.

He consumed me. He was all around me, inside me, thrumming in my veins. I screamed into the pillow over and over. Then, it was time. For the both of us. His hand on my head grasped my hair and pulled, yanking me upwards. Another scream tore from me as, at the same time, he thrust again, his most violent thrust yet, and my body stiffened. I clenched him tightly, his cock deep in my arse and his fingers deep in my sex. He gave a deep grunt and thrust again, spurting his seed within my clenching bottom. Another sharp thrust and more of his seed. And finally, a third, followed by a hard, slow grind.

We stayed that way for long moments, locked together, his hand curled tightly around my hair, our bodies quivering, our breathing laboured. Finally, he let go of my hair and I collapsed upon the bed, him following me to crush me under his weight. I could feel his rapid heart beat against my back. When he caught his breath, he rolled over, taking me with him and pressing me against his flesh. His legs wrapped around me and his arms cradled me to him. He was still inside me. He did not withdraw. After a time, he simply held me like that, his hands moving over my body to caress my arm, my hip, my thigh. That is how I fell asleep, with the feel of him enveloping me and the scent of him and our sex lulling me to sleep.

When I awoke in the morning he was gone, but I smiled. I had indeed needed that gift and I think it healed something that needed to be healed, deep within me.