 "This is my gift to you," announced my wife, a mad twinkle in her eyes.

I batted my eyes doubtfully at the first floor bedroom. She had virtually dragged me away from the fete that my family had arranged for my thirty-third birthday, the drunken revelers: friends, family and the occasional uninvited straggler all lying around, or carousing in varying drifting states of unconsciousness.

She again nodded her head towards the room and before I could open my mouth, had started on her way downstairs.

My curiosity piqued, I ventured with adventurous toes towards the room, aforementioned. Heart hammering in my chest I put my hands on the handle and pushed the door open. I expected a kind of second surprise-mini party, an exotic bottle of wine perhaps, certainly not my wife's cousin Ranjana seated on the bed.

Started into silence, I searched around the dimly lit room for some trick or joke. Convinced that there was none, I began to excuse myself; an embarrassed flush on my face, when-

"Don't go Sej Baba," requested Ranjana, seated on the bed dressed in a dark green saree with a cut-sleeve blouse (my mind was registering such details with alarming speed).

"You are obviously going to retire here, Ranjana," I said softly and turned to complete my exit.

"Please Baba, I am so bored, everyone is drunk downstairs, and you and me haven't talked in a long time." 

I paused in my hasty exit, and considered, what could rightfully be called my current predicament: my wife had announced that she had a gift for me. Good, great, but she had not specified what gift exactly. 

And here seated like a Rani on her throne was her cousin Ranjana. It would be a riotous stretch of imagination to consider that my wife was offering her cousin to me on my birthday. My wife could never be bracketed into the "experimental" or "open" sort. And shit like this does not happen in India, period!

"Err...what exactly do you want to talk about, Ranjana?" I asked, fidgety as all hell. In truth I was kind of excited being in a room alone with my wife's cousin. 

I will deign to explain why-ever since I laid eyes on Ranjana at my wedding I was constantly distracted by her presence. She was a dusky Indian girl, just the right shade of dark (the kind that sets your blood on fire). Her brown eyes seemed to smolder with a closeted fiery passion. She had high eyebrows, meticulously done up, a sharp nose that fit her face perfectly, and such luscious lips that they begged to be kissed. Needless to say I found myself looking at the wrong person at my wedding. It was during one such furtive glance that I shockingly realized that I too was the object of appreciation! Ranjana was gazing at me with a longing that threatened to turn my sanctified wedding dhoti on fire, and make an embarrassing tent in it as well.

I could not help but give her an appraising look, and though that momentous incident has never again occurred, the look she had given me still sends tingles down my spine.

"Just stuff," said Ranjana lazily, swinging her legs at the edge of the bed and giving me a tantalizing view of brown thigh.

Things were getting too hot in here. Man it was time I got out!

"Ranjana, I really have to go," I said and opening the door rushed downstairs. 

"Hello Bhai, where have you gone?" All the inebriated's wanted to know.

"I ah, went upstairs to search for some more whisky," I added stupidly. But my pronouncement was taken up with ribald cheer.

"Hi I am Dulshan," said a young man pumping my arm. 

"Do I know you?" I asked.

"I am Ranjana's fiancé," he replied smiling. 

'Fiancé?' I thought, flabbergasted. Was this bastard in the know too?

"Ranjana, your wife's cousin," he continued, mistaking my look of shock, for bafflement.

"Oh Ranjana," I replied, as smoothly as I could, "how is she?"

"Oh she's fine," said Dulshan, frowning, "It's just that she is here, but I haven't seen her for the last half-hour."

"She may be upstairs with the other women," I responded vaguely.

He nodded, "If you do see her tell her to meet me."

"A sure thing," I lied, through my teeth.

I started upstairs again batting away, annoying well wishers. Let me tell you the truth. After meeting Ranjana's fiancé a fire had been lit inside me. I had not known she was engaged. But this excited me, wiping away any misgiving I might have contrived, in the interest of fidelity and decency. 

As I hurried away, leaping like a monkey in heat scrabbling across several flights of stairs in frenzied leaps, I again thought of Ranjana on the bed. The recently hitched Ranjana- the recently promised 'gift'.

She was still there, brushing her lovely locks in front of the mirror, when I accosted her in the room.

"Your fiancé is down there," I blurted.

She did not pause brushing her hair. "So?" she asked.

If these people were playing some fucked up game, I decided to test her willingness.

I approached her near the mirror, from behind, and came to a halt, much closer to her body than can have been deemed appropriate.

She smelled like heaven. Only now I could make out the rose petals in her hair, the scent of her heady perfume touching me in a delicate embrace.

I looked at her fabulous back as it curved gently towards her ample rump. I then looked at the mirror drinking in her beauty, en-face.

Ranjana continued brushing her hair as if nothing had happened.

I gently placed my hands on her bare shoulders, and squeezed gently, all the time looking for some response from her reflection. There was none.

Slowly, I traced my fingertip down her neck, onto her back, slowly past her blouse, down her lower back all the way to the silver chain wrapped around her waist. She still continues her brushing, but I could see her body stiffen. When I repeated this goose pimples began to appear wherever I caressed her naked skin.

As I began playing with her waist-necklace, I saw to my absolute delight, that her saree was tied sensuously below her waist, at least a few inches below her navel, hugging her curvaceous hips. I could see through the mirror the soft curve of her belly and the depth of her navel. My self control began to unravel just then. 

I leaned forward and placed a soft wet kiss on the back of her neck. I placed a few more kisses and with one eye open began to nibble on her neck, as I watched for her reaction. 

I gently nuzzled my nose against her, tracing lines on her neck with one hand while continuously playing with her waist necklace with the other.

"Ummmmmhhh..." mumbled Ranjana and she dropped the brush.

I did not stop there. I continued placing a flurry of kisses down her spine, biting gently where the flesh allowed. She gasped whenever she felt the pressure of my teeth biting into her.

Soon I was at the tail end of her spine, where I lingered for a hot moment, contemplating her unbelievable behind.

I lifted her saree skirts with a faint rustle, seeing the back of her thighs, breathed in the scent of her beauty. She was wearing a matching green panty underneath. 

Unable to resist I bit into her buttock tasting green nylon panty and lush brown flesh.

"My god!" moaned Ranjana, as I began to nuzzle her ass with my nose.

"Ah!" she winced, as I bit into her other buttock, perhaps a bit harder than expected.

"Ranjana..." I rasped, "You're so hot, your body is too good."

She mumbled an unintelligible response.

I deviated from my course a bit posteriorly and kissed the back of her thighs, her knee all the way to her ankle.

Then feeling more adventurous, I used my right hand to caress the inside of her legs and slowly deliberately, felt my way in-between her thighs till the palm of my hand rested on her ass and my fingers scraped against her as-yet hidden treasure. I applied a little pressure with my fingers, tickling rather than pressing and her body reacted instantly. 

So I continued this way, kissing, biting feeling and caressing - till I felt her panty become moist, in tune with her groans.

She turned now, unable to control herself anymore and I was faced with the front of her body, instead of her behind.

"Please..." she begged, and her request was a bit vague, so I overruled her and began exploring her front.

I bit into her waist-necklace and pulled the silver chain with my mouth enjoying watching the straps press into her flesh. I then placed the bridge of my nose into her navel and smelt her heat. 

I licked, sucked and kissed my way to her lovely twin mounds- but did not touch them in anyway.

I kissed her neck yet again, till my journey continued in an opposite direction from before.

Soon I was at her soft luscious lips, which were now quivering with want.

"Gods Sej," she rasped, "I wanted you so badly, always. Oh gods help me..."

"I want you too, Ranjana," I said, my voice throaty, as I kissed her deep, parting those fantastic lips with teeth and tongue.

"Ummmm..." she moaned, as I kissed her softly at first, and then with a deep intense passion, conveying well my longing for her over the course of the many years since my wedding. 

I pressed her body against mine, and felt her breasts crushing eagerly against my chest. I flicked one eye open to the mirror, and lifted up her skirts, as my fingers dug painfully into her rump.

Her hands found me easily enough, as there was only one part of my body that was at that moment stiff as steel.

"My god Sej" she said, sounding a bit shocked, "you're so hard."

"What did you expect Ranjana?" I said huskily," I have just taken the full tour of your body."

"Tour, yes, but full tour? I think not." she replied naughtily.

Her feline fingers soon found my zipper, and I watched as I was unzipped by her. My erecting cock bulged through the sudden gap, restrained only by my underwear. 

As Ranjana went down on her knees it was now my turn to be nose-nuzzled!

"Mmmmmm..." she hummed as she stroked me repeatedly with her sharp nose.

My cock throbbed a bit, and a little bit of my pink circumcised head peeped through my underwear. Being in such close proximity to my hardening flesh, Ranjana was able to notice such details.

She ran her tongue across the newly exposed part of my pink head.

I jerked as I felt her warm wet tongue touch my sensitive flesh.

She could have at that moment exposed my manhood fully, but chose not to. Instead Ranjana continued flicking her tongue right and left caressing me such a way as to make contact with my exposed flesh for just a moment and then continuing across my underwear-covered cock.

"Boy, Ranjana," I groaned wearily, "you're such a tease."

She paused from her partial fellatio to look at me and give me a deliciously devastating smile.

The effect was instantaneous. My penis grew in length and breadth, snaking its way out of the confines of my underwear.

Ranjana seemed to smile inwardly to herself as if this was exactly as she had planned.

She kissed the tip of my cock and began running her tongue up and down exactly on the spout.

I almost fell over myself with the sensation that, that caused.

Then Ranjana got serious. She wrapped her lips, encircling my manhood which had now become completely taut. She closed her eyes and inch by hardened inch milked my cock with her mouth. She worked on the front at first, slowly, but surely, advancing towards the root of my meat, till I could feel her ever-present nose digging into my pubis.

She held herself like that for a moment as if in a trance and I watched spell bound through the mirror, as she held my whole cock in her mouth. Then with caterpillar-like slowness began withdrawing her mouth. I watched fascinated as inch by slippery inch, my penis which had entirely disappeared; began to reappear, every inch glistening with Ranjana's saliva. 

I followed the dream like slow-motion osculation's of her mouth till with a sticky wet 'plop" my cock was free of her. Never before had my cock ever been milked so thoroughly! I was surprised I had not blown my load already!

Ranjana took a small breather and then started her wondrous movements again.

"Oh fuck, oh god Ranjana," I moaned helplessly as I was being sucked off like never ever before by the one girl I had fantasized about all my life.

In a sudden flash of fancy (I was to have many of those) I began to remove my clothes. First my shirt went off then my underwear and pants, (Ranjana was still working through my zipper hole!) till I became naked.

Ranjana watched startled as I undressed myself, her eyes flowing across the rippling curves of my muscles, her eyes lighting up, as they alighted on my taut chest and abdomen.

"...to make it easier for you," I added helpfully, when I was done.

Wordlessly and with sinuous sensuality she began to rise, her tongue starting a trail of slaver, from the upper surface of my cock, tracking along my pubic hair, kissing and licking my navel, all the way to my chest, almost mirroring my course across her body. As she kissed and licked my bare naked torso, her hands caressed me simultaneously in arousing arcs so that my body became lathered with her saliva.

Her hands brushed my chest, palms caressing my nipples, which were also erect. She bent forward kissing, sucking and then biting on my sensitive nipples, till my already burdened cock was ready to spew!

"Please Ranjana," I panted," I can't take it anymore."

Her searching hands gave my sweat/saliva coated body a final soothing massage, and swooped down like a vulture onto my privates.

Her nails dug painfully into my buttocks as she mouthed my manhood. Her fingers racked across my ass crack, lingering uncertainly on my anus.

"Yessss..." I hissed through my teeth.

She looked at me with those lovely eyes and inserted her finger into my anus.

"Oooooooo...ahhhhhhhaaa!" I howled my pleasure as she inserted one of my balls into her mouth and continued pistoning her graceful finger in and out of my arsehole. 

"Sej," Ranjana said huskily, as she took a small breather, "you have such a lovely cock. It smells so much better than Dulshans'."

She looked at my cock with a gaze filled with longing.

"Ranjana..." I moaned. It just felt good to say her name at a time like this.

"I want to pleasure you so much more Sej," she sobbed, "I want you to do so many things to my body."

"Ssshhhhhh..." I comforted her, gently stroking her head (and also pushing her face towards my cock. Hey! My gun was about to discharge!) "We have lots of time, Ranjana," I said consolingly.

I stroked her face one more time and tipped her head backwards. I looked at her for a moment drinking in her beauty and laid my cock on the bridge of her nose.

"Sej it's smells too good," she mumbled. "So musky!"

I began to move my rod up and down her nose, as I held her lovely face in my hands.

Never one to remain docile for very long, Ranjana began poking the tip of her aquiline nose into the root of my scrotum, where my dick met my balls.

"Uhhhhhnnnnnnhh..." I squealed as she seemed to have triggered some sensitive spot. Quickly catching on, Ranjana intensified her nasal movements.

I felt pre-cum fluid appear at my spout, a few limpid drops oozing their way onto Ranjana's face, but she seemed not to notice.

I held her face once again. We locked gazes and she knew. Ranjana closed her eyes and opened her voluptuous mouth, tongue jutting out slightly.

I placed the tip of my red-pink bulbous head on her tongue.

"I am going to cum into your Ranjana," I said out of respect, "is that ok?"

A slight, almost invisible nod of the head.

I pushed my cock into the warm confines of Ranjana's mouth. I felt the pressure offered by her teeth as I pushed myself towards her gullet.

As I moved in and out of her mouth, I began to imagine that her mouth was her vagina! It gave me a very exciting sexual feel. The mouth and vagina are not too different. Both are a kind of repository, though words come out of the one and babies out of the other.

"Glug...gluggg...gluggg..." was what came out of Ranjana's mouth as I fucked the shit out of it.

Somehow her fingers had managed to find my anus in spite of all my jack-hammering. With her other hand she was caressing my ball-sac and perineum. And there was the added effects of watching her head bounce back and forth (in the mirror) as I fucked her face with orgiastic fury, my pubis smashing into her.

"Glug...gluggg...gluugggg..." as I intensified my thrusts into her oral cavity.

Though till then I had never touched her breasts, I suddenly felt an intense urge to do so.

Which I did.

Watching myself squeeze Ranjana's titties in the mirror was the last straw.

"ARGHHHHHHHGHH..." I screamed, as I orgasmed into Ranjana's inviting mouth.

"Glug..glugg.gluggg.." became, "Gluggrrrrrrrrrrr..." as the first wave of my semen choked her air ways.

I withdrew my dick a little from her throat giving her a moment as she swallowed my penile expectorant.

Without wasting time, I blew my second wave of white on her tongue, the third and fourth waves followed in rapid spasmodic succession, till her open mouth was coated in thick sticky-white ropes of sperm.

"Don't' close your mouth Ranjana," I gasped, my cock still inside her mouth, panting with the effort of speaking, as my mind was being blown apart. "Don't swallow, please."

"Wha...?" asked Ranjana, looking confused, her words garbled, due to the effects of cock and seed, and the added strain of keeping her mouth open.

But she obeyed nonetheless.

I quickly grabbed my phone and took a picture, taking care to focus on the wads of semen on Ranjana's pink tongue. She stared shocked as I switched on the recorder.

"Now swallow," I ordered.

She stared into the camera and swallowed my seed.

I watched her Adams- apple bob up and down as my boys made their way into her stomach.

"Now open your mouth, please. And stick out your tongue"

So it was that I caught a video of Ranjana sticking out her tongue, and not a single drop of semen remained.

"What was that all about?" Ranjana wanted to know.

"I want to whack off to it later," I said smiling.

Ranjana grinned, wiping her mouth with her hands. I kissed her then, not thinking too much about the salty taste.

She watched as I dressed myself, and as I made to go said: "We are not done Sej. You don't have to whack off." She shook her head, "You don't need to go."

"People will be wondering what I am up to," I said as I buttoned my shirt."And your fiancée will be looking for you."

She snorted. "Give Dulshan my best."

"He going to want to know where you are what should I tell him?" I asked.

"Tell him I am having an ongoing discussion with a friend," she said slyly.

"Ok," I said heading down.

As soon As I was out I was mobbed by my drunken friends who had gotten even more drunk.

I felt a rough hand grab my shoulder.

"Did you see her?" asked Dulshan, face red as a beet-root.

"Who?" I asked feigning innocence.

"Ranjana," he said forcefully, "my fiancée."

"Oh HER," I replied, "I think she's having an ongoing discussion with a friend."

"Tell her I am leaving," Dulshan said, as he stormed away.

"Gladly," I whispered to his retreating back.

I felt another hand on my shoulder. 

"So how was my gift?" my wife asked. "What did you think of it?"

"Tasty?" I answered.

"I had it brought all the way, especially for you." She paused. "Some people were against it but, I put my foot down." She added.

"Er...thanks a ton, my dear. You are the best." I replied vaguely.

She winked at me and went to join some guests.

As for me I was more stumped than ever, with no clue as to what really was going on.

So had my wife installed Ranjana in the bedroom to be fucked, or had I misunderstood?

I was on dangerous ground. 

I could not ask Ranjana if my wife had arranged for her to be fucked.
