 The note read "...put these on and wait for me. I'll be there promptly at 9." A slight turn of her head allowed her to see that it was 8:30. A shiver of excitement went through her. "It's only thirty minutes." she whispered. "I know I can handle that." She took the heels and the blindfold to the bedroom with her while she undressed. Each item of clothing removed with care and properly folded, left upon the corner of her dresser. She sat upon the bed, wearing nothing. The soft comforter felt good under her naked bottom. The way her hair brushed along her back made her shiver. The silky tresses moved with her as she bent forward, slipping her foot into the high heeled shoe. 

Her fingers slid the straps around her ankle and up her calf, tying the bow at her base of her knee. It was like nothing she could describe, the growing feeling of excitement in the pit of her stomach. The warm tight sensation, tugging at her core as she wondered what the gift was. The other heel was slipped on, smoothing the silk ties over her ankle and up her calf, criss-crossing the straps, finishing by tying it just behind her knee. She pressed the mattress on either side of her hips as she pushed up to stand, testing the shoes. She walked back and forth, feeling a bit taller. In doing so her shoulders were pushed back, breasts out, standing tall. 

The look was elegant and sensual. 

She placed her hand upon her belly, feeling the smooth quiver that had begun. She turned, her gaze looking at the clock as she read the time...8:40. She walked back to the bed, fingers trailing the black cotton. She pulled it up, smoothing it over her eyes and she tied it behind her head. The blindfold completely obscuring her sight . It was an odd feeling, being deprived of sight. Her hands reaching out before her, testing the blindfold. She moved forward with slow steps till she found the chair and sat. Her body leaned back along the soft velvety fabric. Her hands moving over it as she caressed the thick armrests. She laid her head back along the top and she sighed - now to wait upon him and the gift.

She didn't have to wait long, the clock from in the kitchen struck nine, chimes alerting her to its arrival. The opening of the door and hushed voice now drifted to her ears. She sat up straight, head turning towards the sounds, blindly. Her voice soft and curious "Baby, is that you?" He smiled and nodded, pointing with his finger to the bathroom just off of the bedroom, the girl with him moving quietly there to change. He moved to her side, trailing his index finger down the slope of her arm, making her jump. "Ohhh, I like this already." he said. His deep voice sounding in her ear as he leaned in and whispered, 

"Are you ready for your surprise?"

"Yes, I am." 

He grinned, pulling back to undress. The sound of his belt buckle being undone had her squirm to the edge of her seat. The blood rushing through her body, pooling in heated desire. She whispered, 

"What do you want me to do?" 

He answered her by brushing her lips with his engorged cock. She jumped and then realized what it was, lapping at it as he slid his hand along the back of her head. The tickle of her tongue had him groaning as the other female walked back into the room naked. She watched and her hand slid between her thighs, caressing the ache the sight caused her. He allowed her the pleasure of sucking his cock for only a moment before he stepped back, letting her whimper with confusion. 

He grinned and reached for her hand, loving the way her features showed her confusion and her body responded to her growing need for his touch. He stood her up, sitting himself down, then pulled her down on top of his lap. She squirmed, gasping as she was not given time to adjust before dropping to his lap. He spoke in her ear, almost a growl "Spread your legs, baby...thats it, drape them over the arms of the chair."

"Ok...mmm, this is really hot." she murmured.

His response came as his hand came up under her thighs and held her open "You've got no idea." 

The woman standing across from them was now licking her lips, having learned to be silent in her own pleasuring. He gestured to the girl with a nodding of his head from behind the woman on his lap. She approached and dropped to her knees, melting before them as she faced this girls spread lips. He leaned in, biting her neck with a grazing of teeth that had her tilting her head back to his shoulder, moaning lightly. The sudden feel of a tongue circling her clit had her scream, "Wh-what?...Who...ohh, my god."

"Shhhh, baby...its okay. This is your gift." 

He soothed her, his voice like a gentle caress as he calmed her, the gentle lapping of the other woman's tongue had her gasping for breath. "Ohhh, baby...mmmm." 

She could feel the juices begin running from her sweet core, the 'gift' sucking her clit now, nipping it between her teeth. Her hands gripped her breasts, kneading the tightened flesh, nipples thick and hard. His voice encouraged her to continue, encouraged the gift to continue as well. The girl now added her fingers, pushing two in and curled them to glide along her spot, making her cry out in complete loss of control. Involuntarily, her hips began to lift and pump to the fingers that felt like heaven. The girl dropped her head, lapping at his cock as he fingered his lady. Her tongue generous in the attention it gave his thick cock. 

Listening intently, she realized that his cock was being sucked and she turned her face to his, whispering "Who is that?" Her mind trying to wrap around the gender that was pleasing them both. His grunt and groan led to his answer "Shhh, just go with it." She couldn't help herself, hips rolled to meet the thrust of fingers that filled her sopping wet slit. Her lips pinked and swollen with the rush of blood to her core. The gift pulled from his cock, taking her slick fingers and rubbed the cock along the seated woman's pussy. Her fingers stroking him in conjunction, pleasuring them both as she had been asked to. 

The 'gift' was talented and lost between the confusion of not knowing its gender she started crying out in need to climax. The gift's tongue lapped, flicked and teeth were used to capture the throbbing bud. She finally released, spraying the gift's face with her juices. The gift slurped them up, laving the sensitive flesh with her tongue, sucking at the lips till she had her begging for her to stop.

"Take her juices and lube her ass for me." he said.

His words making his woman squirm with anxiousness. Her hips writhed and the gift did as she was asked to, dipping her fingers into the woman's pussy, smearing the slick juices along her tightened pink pucker. The gleam in the gift's eyes was east to define as nothing more than sheer lust. Her fingertips pushed and rubbed, coating her target till it was slippery. 

"Now, push my cock there, slut." he ordered.

All of what she was feeling and was hearing had her hot, aching to be filled again. The gift was another person to please her...him, them. She moaned as she reached for her swollen clit, touching it with the tip of her finger as she felt his mushroomed head pushed to her rosebud. The hole stretching as she was pushed down upon his thick cock. Her cry was loud, almost pained but he knew how she liked it and she knew how he liked it. 

He drove up into her slowly, while the gift used her three fingers to open the woman's dripping pussy. The muscles worked along her fingers as she could feel his cock moving in her tight channel. The gift remained silent and went back to tonguing the woman's swollen clit. He began churning his hips slowly, allowing her time to adjust to his size, then began dragging her along his shaft. The thickness of his cock fucking her in the ass had her lips parted, causing he to gasp and moan like crazy. The gift sucked on her clit now, biting it and rolling it between thumb and index finger. The combination had her exploding in no time. 

Breathlessly she was bounced on his cock, feeling him swell even more before filling her tight channel with his seed. The hot sticky spurts coating her cavity. When he pulled from her quaking body she whimpered. He pushed her lightly forward so that she could stand and the gift moved to clean his cock. Her tongue dragging every inch and sucking till he was clean. The gift moved to the bed now, laying there with her body aligned to be used, blue eyes misty with lust. 

He moved up behind the woman, whispering in her ear,

"Now, its your turn to have some fun with your gift." 

She shivered in anticipation, still not completely sure that the gift was male or female. She walked forward, hand in his as he guided her to the bed. The gift spread her milky thighs, exposing her shaved lips and eager pussy. She reached up, grabbing her ankles, pulling them down by her ears, holding her body open as she awaited the touch of the woman. 

Easing forward on the bed, using her other senses she was not deprived of, she inched forward, smelling her way, opening her lips in surprise...was the gift another female?

What emotions and sensations shot through her? A pang of jealousy, envy, then primal instincts took over. Her hands reached forward as she lay over the edge of the bed, ass poised in the air. Her tongue lapped at unfamiliar flesh, tracing the feminine curves of the gift's sex, eliciting moans from the gift as she was being feasted from.

The woman growled as she sucked on the pink flesh, tasting the arousal that painted this girls sex. Her hunger and newfound desire at being with a woman overtook her awkwardness. Fumbling fingers now sank into her slit, opening her, curling and stroking from within. Her tongue flicking the clit like she were a pro. The gift writhed and the man snuck up behind her, his cock pointing the way as he watched his lover fucking another woman. He gripped her hips, pulling her up so he could enter her. His commanding words were,

"Fuck her cunt baby while I fuck you. Make us both cum, baby."

She found that to be a warmly accepted challenge as she slipped her fingers from the girl and she spread her slip, now using her tongue to jab deep, wiggling it within the girls walls. The fingertip used to rub her clit hard, while tonguing her pussy. He drove into her like a jack hammer, causing her to stumble through tonguing her. Moaning into this girls pussy now, she sucked and slurped, dragging her tongue and manipulating her clit. The sounds of wet flash slapping in the room drowned out the noises both women made till they all three erupted in mutual orgasm. The thick spurts of his cum matched the warm gushes that flowed from each girl, permeating the room with sex.

As all three collapsed to the bed, caressing one another he asked his lover,

"Did you like your gift?"