 I am co-owner for a small event planning company in Phoenix. It was a dream of mine to run my own business and with alot of hard work and determination, my dream came true a year ago and I ventured out with my business partner Morgan. Morgan and I went to high school together and met up a few years ago at a charity event. We quickly realized we had alot in common as we did 20 years ago. We both had a passion for event planning, hospitality and large scale meetings. We made a great team and were quickly making a name for ourselves in the valley. 

The firm was on the 15th floor of a newly constructed high rise office complex in downtown. I have small office with floor to ceiling glass windows that faced North with a semi obstructed view of Camelback Mountain and a clear view of the two office buildings to the west both cluttered with law offices and mortgage companies. Most the the time the happenings in these offices were less than exciting and rarely held my attention for more than a glance. My surroundings were decorated as what I would describe as 'simply chic' with a modern twist. Furnished with clean lines and minimal clutter. 

I returned to my office from a morning client meeting and Amy, my assistant was leaving the room. "May I shut the door for you?" she asked with a grin on her face. I glanced over to my desk taking notice of two beautifully decorated boxes with a large red silk bow which had been placed there in my absence. 

"Um sure" I replied with inquisitively. As Amy exited the room, she locked and quietly closed the door behind her. What could THIS be I wondered knowing that Brad had everything to do with these beautiful gifts. Today was our anniversary and with him in meetings all day, he wasn't able to 'surprise' me as he had in the past. As I approached my desk I noticed there was a card attached to the bow. "My heart is always with you..you are never alone...All my love - Brad" the card read. 

Brad made me feel so loved and we had a connection like I have never had with anyone before. One box smaller than the other stacked one top, I slowly untied the silky tie. My heart was fluttering with excitement. I love surprises just about as much as Brad and I could not wait to see what was inside. I was like a kid on Christmas Eve getting to open one gift. As I opened the first box I could not believe what was before me. As the morning sun caught the diamond tennis bracelet it sparkled and shimmered. I have never had such a beautiful piece of jewelry. I certainly had been spoiled over the past few years but this took the prize for sure and had to have set Brad back a few dollars. 

In no time I clasp my gift around my tiny bare wrist and held out my arm to admire my exquisite gems! I wanted to run to the phone and call Brad and scream like a school girl but I remembered I had one more box to open. What could possibly be inside that was ANY better than what I had already received? I had to sit down as I was out of breath from excitement. With my back to the glass wall I sat in my leather executive chair gathering myself and placing the second box on the desk in front of me. I quickly unwrapped and opened the box. I got a glimpse of what was inside and slammed the box back shut. 

"No he didn't" I exclaimed!!

About six months ago Brad excepted a new position for his company that required a bit more travel than his previous job. With the new paycheck and future advancement opportunities, he could not pass at the offering. Being apart was hard for us both but we made due with a lot of phone calls, texts etc. Let's just say there was never a day we didn't see each other naked in one way, shape or form. We often joked about what was going to happen to me without his cock buried deep inside me at least once a day. It seems Brad has figured out a way to have that never happen again. 

As I peeked inside the box for the second time I could not get over how real, perfect and incredible my gift was. There was a small card inside "Never without me." I placed the box on my lap and for some reason looked around to make sure no one was looking. My insides started to heat up and my pussy throb at the site of the likeness of my husbands perfect cock. Every vein, every inch I studied and nothing was missed with this molded pearl white love tool. He teased about this but never would I have imagined he would actually have it done! 

I took out my new lover to get to know him better. I could feel my own excitement flooding my tiny thong. I spun my chair around to meet the glass window wall behind me and sat back in my chair slipping off my thong and lifting my heals one at a time onto the glass. My suit skirt lifted, I reached for my phone. There was NO way my naughty man was going to miss out on this maiden voyage. I slid my new toy between my slick walls and dialed his number. 

His strong voice answered "Can I call you back I am finis" 

I quickly interrupted "Baby you are NOT going to miss you fucking me are you?"

With his voice lowered I could hear people in the background as he was in an important contract negotiation meeting.

"Shit" he quietly muttered. 

I continued to talk like a little slut to him as I ran the head of his cock through my sopping lips. 

"Come on baby I know you want to fuck me hard. I know you want to know how tight my pussy is for you" 

I knew his cock was growing stiff as I described what his gift had done to me. 

"Put it inside" he whispered trying to sound as though our discussion was official. 

With my feet firmly planted on the glass, skirt raised to my waist, legs spread wide, I slid my gift inside me slow at first. 

"Baby you feel so good filling the walls of my cunt...I want you to fuck me hard" 

The likeness of "Little Brad" so unbelievably real as I began thrusting him inside me pushing all 9 inches hard against my cervix. 

I moaned with pleasure "Fuck me Brad..fuck your little cunt" 

Knowing he couldn't talk, I teased him further writhing in pure bliss as I pounded myself senseless moaning loudly and calling his name. I could feel my impending explosion as I gripped the arm of my chair. 

"I'm cumming hard for you baby" I came with intensity as I flooded my gift with my sweet honey "Ahhhhhhhhhhh" I exclaimed. 

"One more" Brad demanded.

I loved when he called orders. I continued to assault my pussy slamming this cock hard and fast in my sopping sweet spot. Easily cumming again, I arched my back away from the chair as my walls tightened and nearly shot his cock out. 

"One more" Brad stated with more intensity. 

He was milking me dry of every ounce of love juice and every nerve in my body was tingling with heightened sensitivity. I pulled my knees away from the glass and closer to my chest. Grunting and moaning loud and in sync with my intense rhythm. My third orgasm was more invigorating than the last two. 

"I love the way you fuck me Brad, the way your perfect cock feels inside me" 

With that being said the last of my syrup shot out flooding the chair and slipping past my new toy splashing the glass as I slipped him out of me. 

"Clean it" Brad simply stated. 

I thrust my lips around my new friend tasting my sweet pineapple treat taking its entire length down to my throat. Brad could hear my slurping and slopping as I cleaned him off. With a pop of my lips my little Brad was cleaned and his little cum slut was exhausted. 

"Thanks baby....I love all my gifts" I said. 

"I'm far from being done today" Brad murmured and hung up the phone as he meeting was in full progress.

I sat in my office chair admiring my new bracelet, still grasping my new friend with the biggest smile on my face. As I looked up I noticed I wasn't the only one that had enjoyed my new friend. A guy in the office building across the street stood there like a statue stunned at the show he had just received. Realizing I had seen him and realizing his cock was as hard as concrete he quickly turned and I lost sight of him. I giggled, gathered myself and got ready for my client appointment. Grinning for the rest of the day, anticipating what my next several hours would be like.