 Please feel free to leave me feedback. All responses are welcome.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

The doorbell rang. I answered the door, wearing only my shorts.

It was a beautiful young woman, sporting long, wavy flame red hair, about five feet tall, and slender. Sha had pale skin and freckles, and was wearing a light pinkish white tank top and jeans. Her chest wasn't very big, a B cup at best, but I could see she was not wearing a bra, and I liked it. She held a purse in her hands. The bluest eyes I had ever seen searched my face, my eyes, glanced down at my bare torso, widening a bit, and then back up to my eyes.

"I'm looking for Johnathan Mazrick?" she said.

"That's me," I said, my heart skipping a beat. "Are you the -"

"I'm the grow-ling you ordered. Long, wavy fire red hair, pale skin, freckles, sapphire blue eyes, smallish chest, hairless v-" 

"Come on in, then," I cut her off, blushing. "The Company got my payment, right?"

"Yes, I am paid for in full."

She walked in, and I closed the door behind her.

"Uh, do you have a name yet?" I asked her. She stood there looking into my eyes.

"No. I am unnamed. If you want to name me now, I am ready to receive one. You can also allow me to remain unnamed. It is your choice."

"I'll name you later, I think. Have you been fed recently? Are you hungry or thirsty?"

"I have had enough to eat. I will eat now, if you wish, but there is no desire for food in me right now. Water is a growing necessity, though."

I got her a glass of water, which she drank in one gulp and returned the glass. 

"Thank you." she said. "What now?"

"Wow, I am not sure. You're real. You're here. I had almost not believed it was possible."

"I am real. I am here. It is possible. And I have been paid for in full, so I am yours to do with and to as you wish. Was I created according to your desires, or is there some error in my make?" she asked.

"Error? Oh, no, you are perfect. You are exactly as I wanted you to be. Why do you ask?"

"I had been told to expect that my owner would want sex right away if I was made correctly. Do you wish to have sex with me?"

"Uh... well, yes, but... I thought I would show you your new home first. Or we could have sex, too, if you like."

"You forget that I am incapable of making decisions. I am yours, created specifically for you, and I do as you wish. If you wish to have sex, I am ready, as I will always be. If you wish something else, speak the words and I will accommodate."

"Come sit down on the couch with me," I said. I led her to the couch and sat down. She sat down within inches of me and looked into my eyes again, no expression on her face.

"How old are you?" I asked, staring at her beautiful hair.

"Twenty years old, as you ordered."

"No, I mean really. I know you were built to be exactly as a twenty year old human would be, but how long ago was it that you were built?"

"It is two weeks and three days since I was first begun, and I gained consciousness three days ago. I was completed yesterday at seven thirty-one in the morning and I began my journey to you shortly thereafter."

I touched her arm. It was warm, soft, inviting. She watched me touch her.

"That feels... good," she said. "It reminds me to ask you something."

"What's that?"

"I do not have any designation as to how I am to address you, yet. What shall I refer to you as?"

"Um, you can call me 'lover'," I replied jokingly.

"Yes, lover," came her serious response. There was only innocent sincerity in her eyes.

"I think I will call you Desiree for now. You look like a Desiree I once knew."

"My designation is to be 'A Desiree I Once Knew', shortened to 'Desiree For Now'. I understand, lover."

I laughed. "No, your name is just 'Desiree'. In the future I might change it. And you should call me 'Johnathan' instead of 'lover'."

"I understand, Johnathan. I am Desiree."

"Yes, you are my Desiree."

"I am your Desiree. All yours. You own me. I was made specifically to your designated parameters. I am what you ordered."

"You are who I ordered, not what I ordered."

"Yes, Johnathan. I am who you ordered."

"I don't care what they say, built for me or not, you're still a living creature and you deserve the respect that should go with that."

"If that is your wish." She looked into my eyes again, and now I could see something there. It was a longing of sorts, but I could not make it out. She looked down at my hand. "It felt... good... when you touched me. Would you please touch me again? I have never been touched before."

"Give me your hand," I said. She looked at me quizzically. I reached out and took her right hand in both of mine. She drew in a sharp breath.

"Did I hurt you?" I asked, concerned.

"No," she said. She was trembling now a little. "I am not used to this sensation. I have never been touched before. It is... nice." She sat there staring at my hands holding hers but did not move.

I smiled.

"What is sex?" I asked her. After a pause, she replied

"Sex is the coming together of a human and a human, or a human and a grow-ling, in a manner which utilizes the sexual centers and/or erogenous zones of at least one human, for the pleasure of the human or humans involved, and it can lead to reproduction. Grow-lings cannot be made pregnant. I cannot be made pregnant because I am just a grow-ling"

I laughed again.

"What is lovemaking?"

She looked at me quizzically, opening her mouth a second before speaking.

"Lovemaking is the coming together of a human and a human, or a human and a grow-ling, in a manner which utilizes the sexual centers and/or erogenous zones of at least one human, for the ultimate pleasure of the human or humans involved, and it can lead to reproduction. Grow-lings cannot be made pregnant. I cannot be made pregnant because I am just a grow-ling."

"What is the difference between sex and lovemaking?" I asked.

She pondered a moment.

"Sex and lovemaking are... the same thing," she replied.

"No they're not," I said. "They are very different."

"How are they different? I will need to know the difference in order to please you."

Again I laughed.

"Sex is pretty much the way you put it, I guess. Lovemaking is the intimate sharing of oneself with another in a sort of emotional bonding between the two, and sharing, and it does not necessarily involve sex."

"I am capable of emotional awareness. I have no experience with emotions yet." she replied. "Can you demonstrate for me the difference between sex and lovemaking? I do not fully understand."

"Alright," I said, thinking to myself, Let's see what sort of things she's been taught. "Stand up and prepare to be fucked doggy style."

She stood up without the slightest hesitation, dropped her jeans and stepped out of them. Then she removed the panties she was wearing, and stepped out of them. Finally, she turned away from me, spread her legs, and bent over, leaning on the table. 

My heart skipped a beat. She was flawlessly formed, with beautifully shaped legs leading to an ass that was simply to die for. Her vulva was completely hairless, and her outer lips were light pink and puffy, just as I had specified they should be. They separated just slightly to reveal another pair of shy, deeper pink inner lips, which seemed to be almost hiding. It was enough to send me half way into cardiac arrest. 

I could see her heartbeat in her inner lips, just faintly. The faint scent of a sexually mature young woman in heat found it's way to my nose. I was instantly horny. My cock grew hard so fast it was painful, and I found myself standing to the occasion, lost to my sudden lust, unbuttoning and unzipping my shorts and letting them fall to the floor, freeing my thick, proud erection. I stepped out of them, and closed the distance to stand behind her.

I touched her smooth womanhood with my hands, feeling her soft, receptive sex. It was hot, glowing with heat, and surprisingly wet since I had made  no attempt at arousing her. But then this was a grow-ling, and she was genetically modified to be ready for sex all the time. With such excitement that I started experiencing a bit of difficulty breathing, I guided myself into her. The heat was amazing as it enveloped me. It was easy to guide myself into her, to which she responded by gasping and moaning with pleasure. 

She accepted my full length easily, though it was a bit of a tight fit for my thickness, but her ample wetness made up for that. It slid in smoothly, slowly, with her mewing in pleasure with each agonizingly slow inch that it went in. When I was in to the hilt, I stopped.

"You seem to be enjoying this," I said.

"Oh, yes..." she gasped. "Very much, Johnathan.... So this is sex?"

"No, this is not sex. Yet. This is just penetration."

I began moving in and out, slowly, little by little extending the depth of my pulls and thrusts, until I was giving her my full length with each thrust. She groaned with each one, her groan coming to a crecsendo at the deepest part, and fading to almost nothing when I was almost out of her.

She felt good. Damned good. Better than any born woman I had ever been with. I was moving faster and faster in and out of her, until I was lost to the pleasure in my loins, unable to feel the separation between her amazing body and my own. She moaned longer each time, no longer in time with my thrusts, and when her head dropped I knew she was on her way to an orgasm. Instinctively she began back-thrusting into me, forcing me to adjust my rhythm, but I adapted, and we continued on. 

She returned each thrust harder and harder, as her moans turned into animal grunts, and her head jerked back and to the side. I could see her eyes were closed and her lips were parted, but her jaw was clenched with the pleasure she was experiencing for the first time in her short life. The look on her face was of torturous pleasure, and it tightened further and further as that sensation grew within her. It wasn't long until she dropped her head again and started grunting loudly and insistently in time with each rapid thrust. The sounds coming from her were growing more and more wild and animalistic. Her responses were arousing me a lot, and I began pounding her for all I was worth.

In response, she screamed out with each dive I took into her heated depths, and began back-thrusting as hard as she could. She became a crazy woman, and even as hard as I was pounding her, and as hard as she was giving it back, it wasn't hard enough. She growled ferociously and looked back over her shoulder at me, animal lust burning in her eyes, trying desperately to fuck me harder. I couldn't handle it any longer, and I was overtaken by the most amazing orgasm I had ever had. With one last desperate thrust, I buried myself in her as deeply as I could, pulling her hips to me with enough force to leave a hand shaped bruise on each hip. When I was as deep as I could go, I felt the tip of her cervix hit my cockhead and at that instant, I groaned hard and launched a hundred million swimmers into her with enough force to have hit the ceiling. 

This set off her orgasm, and she screamed out as loud as those lungs of hers could with unbearable raging delight. It was a scream that emptied her of breath and left her sobbing. I slowly withdrew from her after my orgasm had subsided, my legs still trembling, wincing as my too-sensitive member slid free. She oozed a bit of my thick, white contribution mixed with some of her own fluids as it did.

"Are you alright?" I asked.

"I (sob) don't (sob) know..." she cried.

I sat down on the couch, naked, and told her to sit on my lap. She did. Her natural response was to cuddle up to me, trying to fit onto my lap like a child. I could feel my own come drooling out of her depths and down my leg onto the couch as she continued to cry. I held her to me, and rocked her lovingly.

"Why am I (sob) crying, Johna (sob) than?" 

"I'm not sure, Desiree. Maybe you're being overwhelmed by all this new experience. Being touched for the first time, having sex for the first time, having your first orgasm, and discovering feelings all at once. Sometimes humans cry when they experience emotional overload."

"Budime (sob) not (gasp for breath, sob) human... (sob, sob) I'm just a (hiccough) grow-ling..."

"You may be a grow-ling, but you're still capable of all these things. Look, you have responded to me instinctively in several ways already."

"How?" she asked, her tears subsiding.

"Did anyone teach you to push back into me while we were having sex?"

"No..." I wiped away some tears.

"Did anyone teach you to do what you did while we were having sex?"

"No..."

"And did anyone teach you to cuddle up to me like you're doing?"

"No..." she looked at me expectantly. "Those things just... happened..."

"Exactly. You're more human than you think, love."

She nuzzled her head into my chest. 

"I feel... safe... with you." It was almost a whisper. I smiled broadly. 

"Good." I said, kissing the top of her head and wrapping my arms around her tightly. "Would you like to know what lovemaking is now?"

She looked up and into my eyes. Drying tears were on her face, and her eyes were red and puffy. "I like that idea," she said. "But... I... I feel something... in my chest,"

"In your chest?"

"Yes... it feels like a warm glow... and I don't know how to describe it... it's like... you have turned on a light bulb in me somehow..."

I grinned again, realizing what she was taking about. My grow-ling was falling in love with me, just as I'd been told she would when we had sex for the first time. I leaned in slowly, kissed her lightly on the lips, and then said, "We had sex. Now let me introduce you to lovemaking."

(To be continued. Please VOTE!)