 He’d won the chance to do an opportunity question. He knew exactly what he wanted to do to her. He stood up, and walked quickly over to her. Looking deep into her sparkling blue eyes, he grabbed her by the hair, on the side, just behind her left ear. He knew this would not hurt her, as she liked to be lead around by the hair as long as it was pulled from this spot. She gasped in surprise, and followed as he led her over to the chair in front of the desk. He pulled the chair out with his free hand, positioned it in front of her, and slowly bent her over it. He ordered her not to speak, or make any sound at all until he had finished. She had no idea what he was about to do to her, just that it was slightly uncomfortable to be in this position.

He walked around behind her, and slowly lifted up her skirt to reveal her long legs encased in seamed, black stockings. He ran his hands up the backs of her legs slowly, feeling her quiver at his touch. His hands roamed further up her body. He snapped her garters playfully as he continued to lift her skirt up. He ran his hands over her hips, and around her waist. She was visibly trembling as he pressed his body against her back. She could feel the bulge of his cock against her ass as he reached around to the crotch of her panties. He could feel that she was moist. She was enjoying this. He had to take it further.

He pulled her hair again from “her special place” and pulled her head back so that he could whisper in her ear.

“You’re so wet, baby”, he whispered, “You’re really enjoying this, aren’t you?”

“I…….”, she started to reply as the grip on her hair grew tighter

“No talking, no moaning, no making a sound until I say!”, he whispered between his teeth.

He relaxed the grip on her hair, and continued to finger her wet crotch. He moved her panties aside, giving him access to her smooth, shaved snatch. She was so slick and wet. He gently fingered her clit until she started to tremble, then he stopped.

“I forgot to tell you, you can’t get off either until I say”, he mused.

He continued to explore her, using his thumb to rub her clit, and his middle finger to tease her asshole. He would bring her to the brink of climax, then stop. Finally he let go of her hair, and bent her all the way over the chair. He grabbed her panties from behind and in one quick jerk, ripped them off of her. She squealed in shock and surprise. 

He got on his knees behind her. She could feel his breath on the backs of her legs as he teased her.

“You asked me to think of the ocean lapping the beach. I’m thinking of “lapping” all right, and now I’m going to give you a good lapping.”

He had barely finished his sentence when she could feel his tongue licking up the insides of her thighs. She tried to resist him, but felt his hands spreading her legs apart as he licked and sucked up her legs to her crotch. She braced herself as he slowly ran his tongue from the front of her slit, all the way back to the top of her ass. Her legs were shaking as he drove his tongue deep inside of her, tasting her wetness.  He fucked her with his tongue while rubbing her clit between his thumb and middle finger. She could feel her pussy tightening in spasms around his tongue. She was so close…..

Feeling her quiver and spasm, he stopped. He stood up and pressed his now rock hard cock up against her ass. He grabbed her by the hair again and pulled her head back to his mouth.

“Were you thinking of the ocean while I was lapping you?” She nodded as best she could, having little ability for movement under his grip. 

“I’ve only just started…”, he began licking the outside of her ear.

“You’re being such a good girl. Maybe after I’m done I’ll give you a nice, hard fucking as a reward, “ he whispered.

He bent her back over the chair, dropped to his knees, and spread open the cheeks of her ass. He began by gently licking her clit, then ran his tongue slowly over her cunt, teasing her by sucking on the skin between her cunt and asshole. She began to shudder as she relaxed her legs and allowed him access. He spread her ass cheeks wider and softly began to explore her asshole with the tip of his tongue. As she relaxed, he slid his tongue in further, probing her with his tongue. The pleasure she was feeling could not be measured, and she clutched the cushion of the chair until her knuckles went white. He started to fuck her ass with his tongue. At first he was using her hips to guide her up and down on his tongue, but after a few minutes, she was riding his tongue harder and faster. She loved the way he felt inside of her, and was secretly hoping that she could hold off her orgasm for as long as possible since ass fucking his tongue felt so damn good.

She continued to ride his face with fury as she could feel her climax building up inside her. He could feel her contractions on his tongue, and started to slow down. He slowed down to the point that he would shove his tongue into her ass, then pull all the way out and give her hole a nice lick. It was driving her crazy, and he could tell that it wouldn’t be long now. He stood up behind her and grabbed her hair again. She could feel how hard he was as he pressed up against her.

“Are you ready to cum yet, baby,” he asked her. 

She nodded. She could feel him loosening his belt, and unzipping his pants. She heard the sound his pants made when they fell to the floor behind her. His cock was pressing up against her primed ass. 

“Should I get you off now.” he asked as he finger fucked her ass.

She nodded again. He had taken her to the brink several times, and she felt as though she would die if he didn’t allow her to cum soon.

“OK babe, but I think that we should both get off together,” he sneered.

She felt his hand grip her shoulder as he thrust his cock into her ass. It hurt her at first, but the pain soon diminished as he continued to slide his cock in and out of her. He began to fuck her faster and harder. She gripped the chair again, and bit her lip to hold back the scream she knew was coming. He was pumping her fast and hard, just how she liked it. She could tell that he was close, as his cock began to throb inside of her. He plunged deep into her one last time. It was too much for her to take and she let out an ear shattering scream of pleasure as she came violently. Her scream caused him to fuck her deeper and harder, and he could feel her orgasmic juices running down his balls. He grabbed her by both shoulders, and plunged in as far as he could as his cock exploded inside of her. She spread her legs apart wide to accommodate him. She relaxed over the back of the chair, him leaning on her back. After a few minutes, he caught his breath and pulled out of her. He pulled her up by the hair, twisted her head around, and kissed her deeply and passionately.

“I will think about this every time I see the ocean,” he said. She smiled at him warmly, stood up and turned around to face him. Wrapping her arms around his neck, she said, “And I will always think about this when I see the ocean as well.” She smiled and kissed him again. They stood hugging for what seemed like an eternity, both of them happy that they had found each other.