 In most of my stories I try not to outline either character too much as I want every man reading to feel like they are the lead, likewise I want every woman mentioned to be slightly vague to allow for the reader to fill in the blanks. In this story however I have given one of my many representations of what I call a perfect female and a little hint at myself.

If you make it to the end I would very much like to hear your thoughts.

*

The library is my favourite place to write. The upper floor is a spectacular room, a series of old and fantastically made tables surrounded by seven foot high old oak book cases with row upon row of leather bound reference books. Slightly detracting from the grandeur, unfortunately, are the chairs. Rather typically modern types made from metal and cheap scratchy fabric, the kind that are easiest to replace once worn out. The room is also home to some of the oldest books I have ever seen, but for as long as I have been there I have never seen anyone touch them.

I love going there when things at home are a little hectic. It's warm, quiet and the reference room is usually only ever populated by law or medical students who are too busy with their piles upon piles of books to disturb me.

Today was a bad day! I have been trying to write the next chapter of my novel for the last hour and for the last hour I have written absolutely nothing but dribble, nonsense ideas that will most likely be scrapped as soon as I get going.

In pure frustration I stop my iPod and cast my headphones on top of my nearly blank paper. Allowing my eyes to roam around the room I see all the usual things. People with their heads down scribbling away, a librarian sat so still she could quite easily be a life like statue and all I see is a total and complete lack of inspiration. My mind turns to life's troubles as I think about leaving the library for a while, maybe get a sandwich from a local deli. The sound of high heeled footsteps distracts me and I crane my neck to look for the owner.

The air is forced violently from my lungs as I see her!

Striding into the room walks the most stunning woman I have ever seen. Looking at her is like looking at directly into the sun and I feel offended by her beauty. To lessen the pain I focus down on every detail. Her boots were the first thing I see. Black ankle boots decorated with a small bow on the outer sides, a moderate sized heel, the source of the noise that had attracted now more than a flicker of my attention. My eyes flowed upwards drinking in all the details.

Her legs clad tightly in a false jean material showing every curve, the outward arch of her calf muscle makes her look like an Olympic athlete, powerful yet elegant. Her stomach slightly exposed as her top doesn't quite fall to her waist line. A perfectly flat middle peaked out as she walked, each footstep throwing her top to and fro. The top itself was fairly simple, vertical black and white stripes. Over the top she wore a short black leather jacket.

'A rebel,' My mind thought quickly and with increasing excitement. Or perhaps she wore it simply for the look, but either way I liked it.

My eyes lingered on her bust briefly as with every step she took her breasts visibly bounced. Either her bra was loose and ill-fitting or she wasn't wearing one at all. Her breasts large in size and natural, something of a personal weakness. It took a rather large amount of effort to tear my eyes away and look at the lady's face.

She wore not a scrap of make-up, a factor that I always loved to see. A woman who didn't feel she had to buy a tonne of crap and spread it across her face before stepping outside of the house. To me it showed intelligence and bravery.

It was plain to see she had no make-up on by the fact I could see a light spread of freckles across her nose and cheeks, the look of her eyes and lips were also obviously natural and dreamy. Her skin tone was pale and she was capped with almost pitch black hair. She turned to a table as I looked, putting down her arm full of books and swinging her bag off her shoulder. The motion caused her hair to sway and my mouth dropped open.

She was gorgeous from top to toe, her sense of dress complimenting her natural features, but the icing on the cake was her choice of hair style. Shoulder length, black and simple, except for the one side of her head that was shaved down almost to the scalp. She adjusted her hair as I watched and pushed some of the long hair behind her ear, exposing her shaved scalp and completing an image that would sear itself into my brain for the rest of my life!

Perfection sat down and before I could recall my self-control she glanced around the room and ended up looking directly at me.

Electricity, adrenaline, overwhelming emotion and her eyes sent a feeling of euphoria running through my whole body. I closed my gapping mouth and smiled at her, I raised my hand slightly, waving a feeble wave.

I thought my heart might explode when she smiled back at me with the most striking smile I had ever seen! Wiggling her fingers quickly as she sat down and started reordering her books.

Reminding myself that I was there to write. Picking up my pen I put it to paper but found myself unable to think of anything else other than the lady sat only a few feet from me.

I stole glances at her for nearly five minutes, telling myself it was wrong to be so attracted to someone I didn't know. Pre-ten minutes ago I considered myself an intelligent person and not the kind to get into a relationship just because of superficial issues like dress sense and sexual attraction. Such things were fleeting, subject to change and could not last. Yet as I sat there I wondered if this wasn't what love at first sight felt like. Every cell in my body seemed to be pulling towards her. Perhaps, I thought, that gravity was a lie and she was the reason I was bound to this Earth. I stole another glance at her and froze.

Sitting with her head resting on her right hand, her left tapping her pen against a book, she sat looking at me. She was smiling that smile at me again.

Swallowing doubt and holding tight to the feeling of kismet I acted with a move of courage rather unlike myself, I gestured to her. Nodding my head to the empty seat opposite me. She didn't move but I knew she understood me as her eyes considered the empty chair.

I left my hopefully subtle move hanging between us. Looking back to my blank paper, determined to not look at or bother her again if she didn't react. If this was playing hard to get then it was bloody hard!

Almost two minutes passed feeling like two hours and I assumed I had failed. Increasingly worried I had upset the lady I was a second away from getting up and leaving when the chair opposite pulled out.

Looking up I saw her as she smiled down at me, mouthing a silent hello to me as she placed her stuff down and glided into the chair.

"Hi." I whispered not able to keep the joy from my barely audible voice.

She put her finger gently to her lips, telling me not to talk. I picked up my pen and scribbled on my paper.

"What's your name?" I flipped the pad round and slid it over to her. Her striking green eyes dropped down to read. She smirked and scribbled something and sent it back.

We looked each other in the eye briefly before I looked down. Damn her eyes were incredible!

"Kara. Yours?"

"Clark. Sorry for staring but I have NEVER seen a woman so beautiful in all my life!" I passed it back, hoping I had not gone too far too quickly.

She smiled as she read, my heart thundered in my chest possibly attempting to inflate me and take to the lofty ceiling were I belonged. She flicked her gaze to me and starting writing. As she wrote her other hand moved beneath the table. I wondered what she was doing but only until she passed the pad back.

"Thank you Clark. It's nice to meet you."

I took the pad and started to write something back. I planned on asking her for her number but before I had completed the sentence I felt her bootless foot touch my shin. She must have removed her boot a second ago. I looked up for eye contact but she was staring at a book shelf on the other side of the room, resting her head on her hand as if bored stupid.

A new phrase crossed my mind and I started to write something else but stopped as her foot felt its way higher up my leg. Eventually coming to a gentle rest on my cock. She pressed it lightly, toying with me. My mind raced.

It was the fastest I have ever found myself erect.

She ran her foot along my cock and I struggled to maintain a normal rate of breathing in the middle of the public library, unsure what to do with myself or how to respond.

All of a sudden her foot shot down. She put her boot back on and pulled the pad toward her.

I waited and wondered. The pad returned to me and before I had read whatever she had written she got up to leave.

I panicked and speed read her message.

"Wait until nobody is looking then join me behind the furthest bookcase." With a breath of relief I watched the woman of my dreams walk casually to the end of the room and disappear behind a bookcase pretending to look for a book by reference. She sold it totally if anyone was watching! Checking the numbers on the end of each isle and pretending to find what she was looking for at the last one.

My eyes cast around the room slowly. As normal everyone was busy, noses buried in books and fingers used as markers on pages while they jotted away on pads. Only a few people were moving. A middle aged lady was talking to the lady at the desk. I took a deep breath. If either of the ladies looked around when I stood up they would see my erection straining against my trousers. I adjusted slightly to make sure it was hiding vertically rather than sticking out at a more noticeable angle. Holding my hand close to my navel to help hide what Kara had already done to me I made my move.

Standing carefully I put my back to everyone, flipping the pad we had written on as I left just in case anyone happened by. Being far less subtle than Kara, I followed her path to the end.

Poking my head around the corner first my brain struggled to accept what my eyes relayed. Kara stood with her back to the bookcase and the rest of the room. Her leather jacket cast aside on the floor. Her breathing was laboured and I quickly identified why. She looked at me biting her bottom lip and my eyes were drawn down the line of her arms.

Her right arm had entered her top from the loose waist opening. I looked briefly and saw her hand massaging at her left breast. Her left arm led me to her crotch, her hand had worked itself into her tight trousers and was working furiously at her pussy. I glanced over my shoulder and saw that everything was normal in a room of busy people. I was so thankful I made a mental promise to give more money to my favourite charity. My way of saying thank you to the universe for letting me have this moment.

I didn't mean to move my legs consciously but somehow I ended up facing this vision of beauty, my hands braced on the bookcase on either side of her squirming body. Kara's eyes closed briefly as she worked her pussy faster her warm breath hitting my face and causing me to lose the last of my reserve.

We both leaned in and kissed as if we had done it a million times before. Our lips locked together in a passion bordering on fury, my hands found her exposed flat stomach and gripped her. Finding her to be soft as silk. A gasp left her lips and I broke the kiss, I placed a finger lightly on her reddening lips.

She nodded her acceptance of the rules. We had to keep quiet. The legal consequences of our actions could be serious. My mind flicked to the social cost, not much happened in this town, if the papers got hold of what we were doing or about to do then it would be a local scandal.

Not caring for consequence I pushed it from my mind and focussed on cause. My level of happiness suddenly shot through the roof as I found Kara's dripping wet fingers in front of my face.

I didn't even think about it. I opened my mouth and sucked her dirtied fingers clean. The taste was invigorating and my hand forced its way into her tight trousers and onto her soft, hairy pussy. Warmth and wetness greeted me as I rubbed her softness slowly looking at the reaction on her face. Her eyes closed with joy, her expressions painted the picture of sexual excitement!

Just as she opened her eyes again I guided a finger inside her, her face contorting with pleasure as I played with her. Her eyebrows inverting slightly at their closest point giving a look both pitiful nature and of sexual submission. Rubbing her soft, warm mound slowly and repeatedly, lightly dipping a finger into her I continued, intoxicated by every little movement she made. Every contortion of her face, every pause and release of her breath.

Another finger went into her and I worked myself back and forth within her. She flung her arms around me and held me like a vice. Her breathing synchronized with my movements.

Time had become an irrelevance to us both as I worked her pussy in the corner of the public library. I felt her grip loosen and she grabbed my working arm, gently pulling and telling me she had cum. I pulled out of her silently and offered her a finger. She took it into her mouth but maintained eye contact, I took the other filthy finger and we slowly merged into another passionate kiss as I pulled my hand away. Her taste was powerful and for a time I don't think either of us cared about anything other than that kiss.

The kiss ended and she pulled back slightly giving a devilish look. In that moment with that look I knew I would do anything for this woman!

She floated to my ear.

"Fuck me!"

'Danger be damned!' I screamed mentally.

I loosened and took down my trousers and she did the same, almost. She kicked off one boot before sliding her skin tight fake denim down off one leg. With the flexibility that excited me further she popped the same bare leg out of her underwear. Moisture clung to some of her pubic hair and the sight of it nearly sent me overboard.

If anyone walked around the corner there would be no mistaking what we were doing.

The shape of her naked leg at the thigh had stopped me dead. So pale, so shapely and perfect! She lost patience whilst I was dumbstruck and reached into my boxers. Pulling my erect cock out into the open for me and running her hand over every inch, from base to tip. She gave it a little squeeze before letting go.

We looked into each other's eyes and I moved to her. Lifting her slightly onto the lowest self of the case. Putting her pussy at the perfect height.

She lined my cock up with her new position and I pushed into her before she was ready.

Her sharp intake of breath would have been audible to anyone close. We froze in fear it might already be over and I held her at the tip of my cock waiting to make sure we had not been rumbled.

With no one coming round the corner to break us apart I slowly lowered her onto my eager erection. Her mouth opened and I covered her mouth with one hand to reinforce the rules of silence. She nodded agreement once more and I returned my hands to her shapely backside as I lowered her slowly to maximum penetration. I entered her fully and let her weight down onto my angled hips, her knees came up high and she wrapped her ankles around behind me. Forcing me to adjust my arm beneath her.

My free hand went under her top and found her braless breast. Lifting her top quickly I took in the magic of her naked chest. She lifted her tit toward me and I sucked on her glorious nipple, careful not to make any sound as I let it go.

Slowly and carefully I began to hump her. Partly using my hips and partly by lifting her up and lowering her down. It was a slow and careful pace.

Ecstasy enveloped me and we fucked silently in the corner for what felt like hours without interruption. Each lost in the sensation of each other's body. Our hands explored each other as we came together silently. My heart thundered with excitement and passion. All we could hear was each other breathing and the rush of blood through our ears. I already knew no other woman would ever compare. The softness of her breasts, her toned middle, her silk soft legs, the tiny movement of skin stretching on her neck every time I went fully into her, even with her incredible green eyes closed I couldn't look away. I wanted to die from the overload of passion as we smiled together.

At any single moment the world could have stopped I would have given my everything to sculpt her image, ready to last for all time. So that generation after generation would know how perfect this lady was in this moment.

I looked down to watch my cock slide into the perfect woman and saw her sticky white cum running down my cock. I upped the pace as much as I dared. Her head tilted back with eyes closed I wanted to unleash every move I had... to drive my cock as hard as I could into this woman who had only just entered my life. But, somehow, I found the restraint so we might remain undetected.

She pulled herself close to me by hooking both arms around the back of my neck. The bookcase gave a slight shake from one of my over eager thrusts and I tried to remain calm.

"I am going to cum soon." I whispered in her ear, before kissing her lightly on the cutest ear lobe I had ever seen.

She placed one hand on my thrusting hip and with remarkable strength pushed herself up off my cock. Her legs unfurled from around me with amazing grace. I took a guess at her silent meaning and aided her back to her feet.

The second her feet were on the ground she dropped to her knees and starting sucking my cum covered cock.

"Shhhh." I reminded her as her sucking became audible.

She slowed her pace but increased her tongue movements and suction around the tip of my cock. Looking into my eyes the whole time.

From almost the first second I saw her, my orgasm had been building and seeing the most perfect woman I could ever wish for on her knees one shapely leg bare to the world as she sucked my cock sent my engine into overdrive.

My hips bucked involuntarily and a knee shaking orgasm shot into the mouth of a woman whom I had only just met.

Every second I came she sucked, making my orgasm even more intense. I could see her swallowing as it gathered I held her head steady and made sure to ride the orgasm to its full extent. My orgasm was so powerful that my knees buckled. Thankfully however my legs did not give way completely. The talented creature on her knees before me didn't let up for a single second.

My penis spent and quickly deflating I extracted it from her perfect mouth. She planted a delicate kiss on my softening cock before standing and grinning at me.

I popped my head around the corner and checked, nobody it seemed to have noticed. Nothing seemed to have changed.

We dressed hurriedly in total silence and faced each other still feeling the total euphoria and after effects of our deeds.

We had gotten away with it and we were both rather pleased with ourselves. We grinned from ear to ear and held each other close. Briefly the corner of the library became ours once more as we held each other and kissed gently. Not something I would normally do for a woman; kiss her after ejaculating in her mouth. But she was my exception and I already knew it.

I kissed her neck gently and ran my hand over her incredible smooth stomach, she reveled in being kissed and placed one on my cheek. I nodded my head towards the open room. She nodded and made a last check of herself. Pulling her jacket straight and walking back into the view as if nothing had happened.

My final checks made I appeared quickly after. A slight panic in my mind that she might be the kind of rebel to pick up her stuff and leave without giving me her number.
