 The next day, Wednesday, I arrived at Wendy's, after work, about 6.30pm and we went to a local restaurant for dinner. The summer heatwave was still enveloping Sydney, and while we were enjoying the last of a bottle of wine she asked,

"Want to go for another swim lover? I know a lovely rock pool I'd like to show you"

Imagining a semi naked Wendy in a rock pool didn't take much for to agree enthusiastically!

Back at her flat she quickly stripped naked. I reached to grab her but she slipped from my grasp.

"Just have to wait lover, there'll be plenty of that to come later. Right now I want to cool off with a swim." She wrapped the familiar sarong around her lithe, shapely body, with nothing else on underneath again, and I changed into shorts, grabbed our towels and a blanket and off we went. She guided me to a spot at the top of a hill, overlooking the ocean not far past Coogee, where we parked the car. 

Leading the way down the rocks, with only the moonlight to guide us, Wendy said excitedly, "Here we are" pointing to a beautiful rock pool, glistening in the moonlight. Wendy quickly removed her sarong and slid naked into the water.

"Come on lover, get in," she demanded.

I hesitated a moment, then saw her floating on her back, kicking leisurely, her face, proud 36C breasts and pubic mound the only parts of her body visible.

That was all I needed!

I quickly dropped the towels and blanket, removed my shorts and joined her in the cool waters. 

We swam naked, back and forth across the pool. It wasn't very far, probably only 25-30feet.

After a few laps we climbed out and sat back on the towels, a few feet from the edge. The cool water had revived us both and we engaged some passionate exchanges, mouths locked together, tongues exploring, hands wandering over each others bodies.

My erection was evident very quickly and Wendy wasted no time in massaging it to full strength.

"Quick, let's fuck," she said urgently.

"What if somebody comes," I answered hesitantly.

"They won't and who cares if they do!"

She was on her back, legs spread invitingly, her pussy glistening.

I'm only human!!

I knelt between her spread thighs and lowered my body to hers, my cocking slid easily into her wet pussy as she wrapped her arms around me. I started moving in and out of her as her body responded, her hips rising to meet my thrusts.

There was the sound of two splashes, bodies obviously entering the water!

"Christ Wendy, there's people in the pool."

"So, they're in the pool. Just keep fucking me!" She demanded.

Her upward thrusts were getting more and more urgent.

But I could hear the swimmers getting closer!!

"Wendy, they're going to see us fucking for Christ's sake!"

"I don't care," she gasped between thrusts "they're probably gunna do it too. Oh fuck, I'm gunna come! Oh fuck, I'm cumming! Oh shit, this is sooo good!" as she thrust her pelvis up and grabbed my butt cheeks, holding me deep inside her.

That did it for me, as her cunt spasmed around my cock, I shot my load deep into her clutching pussy.

I sensed, rather than saw or heard, people get out of the water, close to us. I really didn't care, I was laying on top of Wendy, my cock still throbbing in the last throws of orgasm, deep in Wendy's cunt. 

Wendy was right, they didn't take any notice of us, and as I looked up I saw it was a couple, a shapely blond chick with what appeared to be a young, muscular partner. 

I could see they were starting to "make out" themselves. I leaned down and kissed her passionately, then whispered, "That's the first time I've ever fucked in public," I grinned.

She looked back at me with a smirk, "No, its not the first time you've had sex in public, at all?" 

I looked at her quizzically then remembered the sex last night on Coogee beach.

Smiling at her I said, "I think we should wash off, what do you think?"

I eased my still reasonably hard cock out of Wendy's tight cunt, stood up, my half hard erection waving around in front of me and held my hand out to her. She took my hand and I helped her to her feet and we eased ourselves into the rock pool.

Treading water we engaged in some more passionate kissing, our hands exploring each others bodies. My half hard cock was quickly becoming hard again with Wendy's hand grasping and stroking. She broke away from me and floated back towards the edge of the pool. I turned onto my back and floated effortlessly in the moonlight, my cock braking the surface of the water.

I must have been floating for a few minutes when I felt her hand wrap around my cock. I turned to look at her and nearly sank straight to the bottom of the pool.

I wasn't Wendy!

It was, I think, the blonde from the couple near where we were! 

I struggled upright, spluttering and trying to tread water.

Still holding my cock, and treading water, with a slight smile on her face, she asked, "Wanna make out?"

Quizzically I looked at her, and she was worth looking at, "What did you say?" I asked dumbly.

"I said, do you want to fuck? Your girlfriends up there rooting my partner so I thought you might wanna fuck."

I looked toward the pool's edge and sure enough Wendy was on her back, her legs apart and this girl's boyfriend, or whatever, had his head between her thighs obviously eating her.

At first I was cranky, then thought well shit, I don't own her, then thought lets accept this stunner's offer.

Pulling her to me, I wrapped my arms around her and whispered in her ear, "I'd like to fuck your brains out."

"Oh goody," she grinned at me and we made our way to the pools edge.

By the time we were out of the water I could see Wendy was getting well and truly fucked, both legs were up over his shoulders and he was slamming his cock into her. 

I could hear her moaning her encouragement to him. She was behaving like a real slut!

I was broken from my thoughts by the blonde standing in front of me, it was the first time I could really see her. She was stunning!

About five foot three, long blonde hair down past her shoulders, large melon type breasts, narrow waste, full thighs, shapely legs and a shaved pussy. Standing with her legs slightly apart, she was looking at me quizzically. 

"Well, do you?" she asked.

"I'm sorry, what did you say?"

"I asked if you liked it doggie, it's my favourite, but he doesn't like it that much," she gestured towards the guy rooting Wendy.

"Honey, on your knees, I like it everyway."

She dropped on all fours onto our blanket, sticking her pretty arse in the air, thighs apart. I knelt between her thighs and guided my rod into her waiting cunt. There was no resistance, she was obviously lubed up from her boyfriends fuck, and I started pounding away at this gorgeous little things cunt. 

We set up quite a rhythm and I felt I had plenty of staying power, having already blown tonight . 

After a few minutes of solid fucking she looked back over her shoulder at me. "Fuck my arse," she demanded.

I am definitely not adverse to anal sex! Catherine, my ex wife, loved it! Said she had the best orgasms being fucked up the arse. (We had almost been asked to leave a nudist resort because of Catherine's very vocal orgasms after a night of anal sex. The only thing she liked better than anal was DP.)

Sorry, I'm digressing.

I was very keen to oblige my lovely little blonde fuck so I quickly withdrew from her clenching pussy, dipped two fingers into her wet cunt extracting some cum and applied it to her puckered opening.

"Don't fuck around, just stick your cock in," she hissed at me.

"It'll hurt without lube," I hissed back.

"I love the pain! Just stick your cock in my arse!" she demanded.

Not wanting to disappoint the lady I eased my cock head against her puckered opening. She immediately pushed back hard against my member and the knob disappeared into her anal cavity.

"Now, give it to me," she demanded, between clenched teeth.

Holding her shapely hips, firmly in both hands, I thrust forward, not giving her any time to catch her breath, my length ploughing all the way up her arse 'til my balls were slapping against her cunt lips. I pulled right back and thrust again, and again, and again. I kept up this solid rooting of her anal passage, she was responding with her own backward thrusts to meet my forward ones. Her grunts and groans slowly turned to moans, and mewing sounds, as her orgasm approached.

"Give it to me!" she pleaded, "tip me over the edge as you shoot your spunk up my arse! Fill my arse with your cum! Blow your load in me! I want your juice in my arse!"

In spite of the fact I'd already blown in the last half hour or so, I could feel my own orgasm building and with her dirty urgings I got that beautiful orgasm approaching feeling. My balls began to tingle and that sensational feeling along your nerve lines transformed itself into a mind blowing orgasm as I spewed, what spunk I had left, into her waiting, clutching arsehole.

"That's it! That's what I wanted! Oh fuck, how good is this!" she screamed as her body shuddered into orgasm.

I kept ploughing into her as she went with her orgasm until she began to subside and my cock softened. She fell face down onto the blanket, my cock slipping out of her arse as I fell with her. I rolled to one side, the blonde still lying face down on the blanket.

I opened my eyes and looked up. There was Wendy, and the blonde's boyfriend, standing there looking down on us. Wendy had her legs slightly parted and cum was dribbling down the inside of her thighs. 

She looked bloody fuckable!

"I think we could all do with a wash off, don't you?" she said, more to me than anyone else.

I struggled to my feet, leaving my blonde lover still lying face down on our blanket, and followed Wendy back to the rock pool. We both floated around effortlessly, occasionally washing bits of ourselves.

"What was her name?" Wendy asked.

"I don't know, what was his?"

"I don't know either," she replied.

And we both burst out laughing! 

After a little while of floating, and occasionally kissing, we made our way back to the edge.

Our lovers were gone.

When we were back at the flat, sipping on a glass of wine, I asked Wendy how the rock pool "adventure" came about.

"When I decided to get out of the pool, after you and I had washed off, I made my way to the edge. I realised I was nearer to the other couple than I thought. He was standing up, still with quite an impressive erection and the blonde was lying on her back, legs apart, with spunk leaking out of her cunt. I must have been staring as I walked back 'cause he said, a little belligerently, "What are you staring at?"

"All I could think to say, on the spur of the moment was "nice cock" he then smirked and said "want to suck it?" While I was trying to think of some smart arse reply he said "nice cunt" and I said "want to fuck it?" By this time I was only a few feet away and he just walked forward and grabbed my arm, with the other hand he gently pushed me down to my knees, his hard cock was only inches from my mouth so I opened my mouth and let him slide it in."

She told me this all so "matter of factly" like it happened every day. Then I remembered our first meeting when she said she was not going to stand back and miss opportunities in future.

She went on, "I could taste his cum, and hers, on his cock. It was extremely horny and erotic sucking a complete stranger's cock with some other bitch's spunk on it. After really giving him a good blow job, it was really a nice cock to suck, he pulled me to my feet and led me to the towel. The blonde was gone, obviously in the water with you, but I didn't know that at the time, and laid me down on the blanket. He pushed my legs apart and started licking me out, you know how I love that, and I came within seconds. I think I came twice more before he finally mounted me, then I lost count of the orgasms, it was one on top of the other, it just seemed I was continually cumming. He finally slammed hard into me and blew his load, it felt like gallons of spunk was spurting into me, there was so much of it, it was leaking out of me before he'd finished blowing. I think it was still leaking out of me ten minutes later when we went looking for you and the blonde."

"It was," I assured her "it was running down your thighs."

"It was wild, wasn't it?" she asked matter of factly.

"I have to say Wendy, there's things I do, and have done, with you I've never done before and am probably unlikely to ever do again."

She looked at me quizzically, and then just smiled and said "never say never!" 

"Anyway what happened with you and the blonde?"

I told her about how it started, with the blonde grabbing my cock, then got to the bit about the anal sex.

"You mean, she actually asked you to fuck her up the arse?" she asked incredulously. 

"Yes," I replied.

"Wow, what did you do?"

"I obliged, being a gentleman, you never refuse a lady."

"You screwed her up the arse!"

It was more a statement than a question.

"Wow," she exclaimed "I've never done that. Don't know that I want to."

"To each his, or in this case her own, sweetheart, some women love it, like my ex wife and the blonde, and others don't even want to try it." 

"What's it like for a man?"

She was really curious about anal sex. I tried to explain it without getting too explicit, but enough to satisfy her unbounding curiosity.

"It's absolutely essential the lady is relaxed, and you use lubricant and plenty of it."

"But you didn't have any lubricant down at the pool," she interjected.

Now this was getting tricky, I was going to have to tell her how this chick wanted the pain. So I did.

"I did the best I could with the spunk that was dribbling out of her pussy, it just enabled me to penetrate, and I fucked her, she wanted it to hurt before it got pleasurable. In answer to your earlier question, it's very, very tight. And it really grips your cock, right along the whole length. It is an incredible feeling, sensation and you need all your control not to blow your load immediately."

Wendy just looked at me, probably with a slight look of astonishment. Then she looked at my crotch and saw my erection. 

"Christ," she said "you've cracked a hard on just talking about it. Is it that good?"

"It's that good!"

She got up and walked over to me, knelt down in front of me, unzipped my fly and extracted my cock.

"My god, you're dribbling."

She rubbed the pre cum around the head of my cock, I shuddered involuntarily.

"Jesus, you're rock hard. Do you want to fuck my arse?"

"Yes!"

"Well, I'm sorry, you're not going to. I just don't want to try it, but I'm going to give you a blow job you'll never forget and then you can fuck me anyway you like!"

She was as good as her word!

Heading home, in the old restored LTD, many hours later I pulled up at some traffic lights. An old Capri convertible, with two very skimpily dressed, gorgeous girls in it, pulled up alongside me.

"Nice car mate" the driver said "want give us a ride? We'll give you a ride if you like."

With that her passenger slipped her short skirt back revealing a very neatly trimmed, landing strip leading to her pussy.

Any other time I'd have jumped at it, but I was knackered.

"Thanks girls, but I'm all fucked out!"

"Your loss mister" and off they drove.

Ah, the story of my life I thought, and headed off home!