 We'll let me start off by saying that I'm an everyday Joe, I have an 83 Mustang. I work at Mc Donald's and I live with my grandmother. I go to school at Penvall a very small college in the sticks of Virginia. I have few friends but I really don't see them that much anymore with school and work. Anyhow that all changed when my best friend introduced me to Sara. It was no more then two weeks ago but it still feels like yesterday. 

It was lunch at school , earlier my best friend asked me to meet him there after class. Normally I don't have lunch in the school I usually go outside and find a nice place to sit down and eat. Anyhow let me tell you little about Bill. 

Bill is about average height and weight. He kind of has a big mouth but he can be a pretty cool guy. He plays football for our college and might I add I have never seen one person have some many beautiful girls follow him around at once. I've heard some crazy tales of gang bangs he and his buddies have had in hotel rooms after a game but that is a different story.

When Bill finally showed up it was almost time to go back to class. He was wearing his normal football jersey and of course he had girl tagging along. Her name was Mary a sophomore, I had class with her in the mornings. She was a very cute girl. Lucky Bastard...

"Hey Matt! I'm sorry I'm late yo, I had to take care of some business in the locker room." He said with a smirk with Mary giggling behind him.

"Don't worry about it pal. So what did you want to talk to me about? " I asked.

"Well you see Mary has this friend.. And well, we thought it would be a good idea if you both got together sometime. " Bill says with a grin.

"I don't know Bill.. With work and school and all I don't know if I have the time for anything like that right now. " I said.

"Come on dude, your still young why not enjoy it while you still can.. Were not going to be in our 20's for the rest of our life now. Anyhow she is a really nice girl and I think you should meet her. At least once, who knows maybe you'll really like her. " Bill says while he slaps Mary's ass.

All I could do was nod but he was right in a way. Bill told me to meet Sara outside of the girls locker room she would be waiting there for me after her class at the end of the day. I guess by where we are going to meet her last class of the day would be gym. Well I went to my class and it was the normal routine. I would fall to sleep half way though the class and wake up just before the bell rings. 

After the class I went down to the girls locker room and waited. After about 15 minutes of waiting and seeing that the girls who were coming out of the locker room have all left I was beginning to think that I was stood up.. Though this wouldn't be the first time, but just to make sure I crept into the girls locker room and took a peek. I saw no one in the locker room and I walked in further and peeked into the shower area and low and behold I saw the most beautiful girl I have ever seen. I knew this was my queue to get out be I was frozen there my eyes locked on to her beautiful body. She looked to be about 20 she had long dark red hair and a shapely body. I couldn't help but to stare at her while she slowly washed herself down with a bar of soap. She started at her legs and worked her way up to her little triangle patch of red hair. Then onward to her flat stomach and then finally her large round breasts. My member begin to grow at the sight of her rubbing the soap over her breasts her nipples hard and erect. But alas just as things were getting interested I heard the gym teacher walking toward the shower room so I high tailed and left. Though I went back to waiting outside in hopes that indeed was Sara. 

After waiting for another 10 minutes the young girl walked out of the shower room. She was wearing a small tight skirt and a tank top. Her bra straps where showing I always thought that was sexy. She looked around the hall first then turned toward me and smiled. She must have had the most wonderful smile that I have ever saw. 

"I'm really sorry that I am late Matt. I had to take a shower and talk to the gym teacher about my grades I didn't think it would take this long. " She said with a smile. Her wet hair laying on her shoulders making water drip down her tank top. I could almost see her breasts thru her shirt. Though they were still fresh in my mind.

I smiled and spoke to her softly. " Hey its no problem Sara I was just little worried that you weren't going to show. "

She smiled at this and took my hand into her soft and still moist hand. " Well here I am! What do you want to do?"

I thought for a moment and then shrugged. " I'm not sure.. Have any ideas I am up for anything. "

"Well I have a pool back at my home I only live about two blocks from here. How about it. " She said in a very sweet and perky voice.

"Sounds good to me. Lead the way. " 

And she did. We talked little on the way to her house. She was staying there alone for the next few weeks while her mother and father were on a business trip. She also told me about her car braking down just few days ago that's how she met Bill. Of course Mary was with him and she was pretty good friends with Sara so they got to talking and it was decided by both Mary and Bill that Sara needs a friend. So I guess I was that friend that they have in mind. boy do I owe Bill. 

When we reached her house we were both hot and sweaty from the small walk in the horrible heat, and to make it worse the vision of her in the girls shower room didn't help at all. She lead me inside and took me up to her room. It was a normal room for a girl of her age. Filled with posters of her favorite rock stars among many other things. 

"I guess you don't have anything to change into to do you? " she asked in her sweet voice that I have already fell in love with.

"Nope.. I could just go in my shorts. " I replied.

"Sounds good let me get you a towel. " She walked into her bathroom. Still I couldn't keep my mind off of seeing her naked in her full glory. I couldn't wait to see her in a bathing suit. not long after she walked back out with a towel and handed it to me.

"I'm going to get changed. I guess you can wait here till I'm finished. " she says with a smile.

I nod and sit down on her bed looking around at her stuff. I could hear her in the bathroom getting changed and it was beginning to turn me on again. when she walked out of the bathroom she was wearing a two piece bathing suit, she was simply amazing.


"Ready? " she says while grabbing my hand and walking me down the stairs and out to her back yard.

The pool was huge and enclosed by a huge wooden fence. She jumped right in and waved me in.

"Come on the water is f... " I didn't even give her a chance to finish I was already in the air. I dived into the pool just inches from where she was at. She giggled and pulled me up from under the water.

We swam around the poll little and talked about school, work & Bill as well as little of bumping into each other and flirting along the side. after about an hour or so of swimming in the pool we decided to get out. We both dried ourselves off and then went back up to her room. 

She looked at me and shook her head. " lets get you out of those wet shorts, so they can dry off. I'll get you a towel to wear till there finished. " she smiles and walks out of the room. when she came back she handed me a towel and pushed me into the bathroom so I can change. 

After I finished I came back out and handed her my wet pair of shorts and boxes with a slight blush and sat on the bed wearing the towel she gave me. She ran downstairs and threw it into the dryer. When she came back up she told me that she was going to get changed as well. I waited for her to walk into the bathroom once again before I begin playing with myself little. I just couldn't help it with her beautiful slender body running around in my mind. Just then she walked back out in a towel and sat down next to me. 

"I figured it would help make you feel more comfortable if I was only in a towel too. " She smiles putting her hand on my leg. then she noticed the bulge in my lap and looked up at me. she slowly moved her hand over my lap and placed her hand on my stiff rob and begin rubbing it very slowly. Then she opened up my towel and let it fall around me and took it into her hand and fondled my balls with the other. I reached around her and pulled off her towel letting it fall swell revealing her slender body beneath it. she bent over and took my penis into her mouth. Licking the tip at first, and then circle her tongue around the purple head of my shaft. I closed my eyes and let out a grown as she inched the head of my dick into her mouth. 

Instinctively I reached for a breast and begin playing with her erect nipples. she shuttered at the feeling of my hands pinching the tip of her nipples and rubbing them with my thumbs. with a quicker tempo her head bobbed faster and faster still while playing with my balls in her other hand. My eyes watered with the pure pleasure I was feeling watching a beautiful girl going at it on my cock. I reached down and lifted her head to mine and kissed her passionately. then I slid my hand down to her glorious hole and slid my index finger in and out of her very slowly. She arched her back and moaned loudly digging her nails into my leg. 

Then I leaned over and took one of her breasts into my mouth and begin sucking on her nipples. Again she moaned with pleasure. Between her thighs have grown very moist and between her moans and screams she managed to say " Fuck me Matt! " between clinched teeth. I removed my hand from between her thighs and rolled her over till she was on all fours. Then I climbed up behind her and licked my thumb and placed it at her anus. slowly I pressed my thumb into her ass she let out a scream and I could feel her juices flowing down her legs. 

Then I begin pushing my thumb in and out of her ass letting her get use to the invader of her most secrete place. then with out warning I took head of my cock and rubbed it around her pussy lubing it up and placed the head of my cock at the entrance of her ass and pressed into her very slowly inch by inch giving her some time to get use to my rigged member. after I was fully in her ass had such a hold on me I didn't know how long I would be able to hold out and with that I begin pumping crazily into her ass my thighs slapping her ass. 

Her screams of pleasure could be heard through out the whole house. Hearing her screams turned me on even more then I slammed into her harder. My balls bouncing off her pussy. Every so often I'd pull up and watch the look on her face when she turned around to see why then she would slam her ass back and take me in whole. Fucking her harder and harder she let out a scream " I'm Cumming! " and just then I blew my load into her ass. It felt as if someone has punched me in the gut as my semen flowed though her rectum and leaking out of her ass. I feel onto my back and laid there, she did the same as well. All we could do is look into each other eyes since we were so tired.

Not long after she got dressed and got me my shorts and boxers . We kissed each other and made another date for the upcoming Friday. As I left her house she stood in the doorway and winked then said. " I bet this was a lot better then the shower scene." I just smiled to myself and walked home I was going to need my rest if I am going to meet up with Sara again. After this meeting my life made a change for the best. Never again will i be alone now that I have experienced the best sex of my life.

But that's another story...