 'Happy Birthday to me, Happy Birthday to me' the tune was stuck in my head. No matter how hard I tried to ignore it or think about something else, I kept thinking about it being my birthday. I don't know why. Thirty-six isn't a great milestone. It was just another day of the week to everyone else. It was only special to me. Still, I kept singing 'Happy Birthday to me' in my head. I almost walked into the girl waiting in front of me at the coffee shop. If I were actually paying attention, I'd have never missed her. 

She's not the kind of girl you can overlook. Her attitude and generous curves made her stand out. She had a voluptuous, rubenesque figure and was gorgeous. She wore a scent of jasmine that reminded me of a girl I dated in High School who was also a curvaceous girl. I had a huge crush on her. When I took her to a dance, she spent the night flaunting her generous cleavage in a low cut black velvet dress. The view down that dress as we slow danced left me harder than a rock. We spent a lot of time slow dancing that night and she spent a lot of time whispering to the other girls about it. I got a lot more dates after that night.

The memory swelled and blossomed in me. Before I knew it, another part of my body began to swell up as well. We were packed into the shop like sardines. Not the best time of me to loose my cool. Like and idiot, I didn't pay attention to what I was doing. As the line shuffled forward, my swollen crotch made contact with the sweet round butt in front of me. 

I froze and hoped she wouldn't take offense. Maybe I'd luck out and she wouldn't notice. No chance. Before I could inch back, I felt her ass move. I braced myself to be the target of her outrage but instead she pressed back against me. When I recognized what she'd done, my cock throbbed and filled out more. There was no way she hadn't felt that. 

Despite my trepidation, she didn't say a word about it. She didn't make a scene. She did make me suffer though. By shifting her weight form one foot to the other, she rubbed the bulge in my pants with her shapely butt. I might have written off once as being a sign of impatience but by the third and fourth time she did it, there was no mistaking her intent. She was enjoying it. 

We separated as the line moved again. I thought it was over but I was wrong. When she finished checking out, she dropped a business card in the bowl on the counter and slipped one in my hand as she walked away. I watched her hips sway as she walked away and thought, 'Happy Birthday to me, Happy Birthday to me.' She strutted out the door in step with the song in my head.

It was after lunch before I took a break and dialed her number. The voice from the other end of the line was as lush and alluring as her curves led me to expect. "Hello, I was hoping you'd call so I could wish you a Happy Birthday." 

I was so surprised by that I almost hung up. "What?"

A lilting laugh filtered through the phone. "It took me a while to figure out where it was coming from, but I heard you humming 'Happy Birthday' to yourself. Happy Birthday. I hope it's been a good one so far."

It took me a moment to respond. "I didn't know."

"That's okay. It seemed like you enjoyed bumping into me on your birthday this morning. I knew I did."

"Yeah, I'm sorry about that. It's just your perfume reminded me of someone from a long time ago."

"She must have been someone you really liked to have triggered that kind of reaction," she said. "Lucky girl."

I decided to go for it. "She's just a pleasant memory. You triggered that reaction, not her."

"Mmmmm. Lucky me."

Encouraged I pushed further. "Are you feeling lucky today?"

She chuckled and asked me, "Why? Do you want to see if you get lucky tonight?"

"Sounds like it's worth a shot."

"You better be worth more than just one shot," she taunted me.

"You'll have to find out that for yourself," I replied.

That earned me a full, deep, throaty laugh. "You want to get together and celebrate your birthday or do you already have plans?"

"Yes and no." I waited a moment to build suspense and take some control of the situation back. "Yes, I'd like to get celebrate my birthday with you. No, I don't already have plans."

She giggled and then whispered, "Maybe you should come over to my place after work. I'll text you the address." Her voice took on a husky quality as she went on. "From what I felt this morning, I'm thinking about...8 inches...I mean 8 o'clock or so."

I'd been half hard for most of the conversation. That comment left my shaft throbbing against my thigh. "Smart girl. That sound's about right."

"Mmmm. Sounds like I'm the lucky one. See you tonight."

The rest of the day went by in a blur. I don't know if it was the anticipation, the distraction of it being my birthday or the lack of blood supply for my brain but I couldn't get anything done. I spent the day shuffling files around and trying to stop thinking about where the night might lead.

At 8 o'clock I was standing outside her door with a single blood red rose and a bottle of rosé. It seemed like a good idea in the store. But I felt a little silly, standing there in the hall. That feeling was replaced by lust when she opened the door. Her hair was styled like a classic Hollywood pin-up girl. Her lips were the same blood red as my rose. They matched the color of the bow she wearing as a choker and the heels she had on. If she'd been wearing anything else, it probably would have been the same color too.

"I wore my birthday suit in honor of your special day," she said. "What do you think? Is this okay?"

"Perfect," I sighed and looked her up and down. "Absolutely perfect."

As she leaned out into the hall her full heavy breasts lead the way. She rubbed her hand over the bulge in my pants and gave me a peck on the cheek as she said, "Well, get in her and let me blow out your candle." Pulling me inside by my belt, she slammed the door shut behind me as we kissed. She pushed me back against the door as she gave me a hungry kiss. I was speechless.

She pulled my zipper open and let my pants puddle around my feet. The sight of her had me hard as a rock. My cock swung up and pointed at her chin. "Oh! You brought me a great big present."

In a flash, she was on her knees. My cock was hard enough to slide through steel if I'd had to. Her lips didn't offer any challenge. They were soft and full, opening eagerly to take me into their warm, wet embrace. I closed my eyes and let my head fall back as I reveled in the sensations. She moaned as she drew me in and whimpered for more when my cock slipped free of her mouth. 

Again and again she let me get close to release only to ease off and prolong the inevitable. After a while I couldn't take it anymore. With my hands in her hair, began to guide her up and down my shaft. She pushed me back and panted, "Yes, fuck my face and give me a sweet birthday treat."

From somewhere deep in my chest, a moan built in intensity. Soon it evolved from a groan to a growl. When she cupped my balls in her soft warm hand, the growl became a roar. She pulled back until the head of my cock rested against her tongue. She flicked it back and forth under the head as she jacked me off into her mouth. "Come for me. Shoot that sweet cream in my mouth. Give it to me!" she shouted.

With one pulse after another I gave her what she wanted. My seed pooled on her tongue and filled her mouth. When she closed her lips to swallow I painted her chin with more. She moaned and pointed my spewing cock at her tits, letting my come splash over them until it dripped from her nipples. When the flow slowed to a trickle, she wrapped those soft lips around the head again to suckle on my rod. Eventually, my legs gave up and I slid to the floor. I sat and watched her lick the come from her fingers and scoop it into her mouth from off her chin. Then she lifted her breasts and sucked them clean. 

When she was satisfied that she'd got it all, she leaned in to kiss me. "Happy Birthday," she said wistfully. "It only took one blow for you to shoot off. That means you get your wish."