 It has now been several days since Kim and I made love in the back of my bookstore and as I half expected, I didn't see her again there was no reason for her to ever return to the scene of the crime as it were. I really started to worry about what she would do after I dropped her off at her house, did she decide to turn me in because it appeared that I might have forced myself on her, or did she plan to make me sweat before she dropped the hammer on me. I was doing my best to keep my mind on my work and that wasn't easy since I kept picturing Kim's naked body writhing with unbridled passion as my tongue caressed each part of her firm young body and how it seemed to me that she willingly accepted my advances. So, you can see why I found it hard to concentrate on my work.

I guessed that six days had passed since that night, I finally convinced myself that the cops were not going to show but neither was Kim. So what happened just before the store was ready to close one night? Kim walked in the door with a big smile on her face wearing a shirt that was knotted just above her stomach and a tight fitting pair of cargo shorts that exposed those beautifully tanned, firm legs and thighs of hers that I remember kissing and stroking the last time I saw them.. "Hello stranger, long time no see." I said by way of a greeting. Kim didn't even blink, why should she, Kim held all the cards and we both knew it. 

"Hi, babe, I know I wasn't around because I had to go to my grandma's for a few days and I'm very sorry I know that I should have called, but I never got the chance because of my family." Kim gave me a quick kiss on the lips. "I did sneak away from my grandparents twice to find something you might really like to see on me, it's in the bag here." Kim informed me as she held up the bag, I could also see that she had no plan to show it to me at the moment. While I closed out the books for the night Kim prowled around the store eager for us to be together, but not liking the silence she asked, "Do you want to go to the movies tonight?" I looked at her as if she might have lost her mind. 

"Are you serious? The two of us?" Kim laughed "Do you have a problem with that? Don't you want to be seen with me?" She asked. "Not really Kim, I was thinking about our age differences." I replied. Her retort was to the point, "I told you before, that you're being older was not important to me, besides it didn't seem to stop you from making love to me the first time as I recall." Then she showed me that she meant business by gently touching my crotch. That settled the matter for me real quick. Kim told me that her parents dropped her off. "I told them that I was spending the night with my girlfriend Shelly, and that we were going to stop here first before going to the movies. Shelly promised me that there would be no problem covering for me. So we have all night." 

Kim put her arm through mine as we walked to my car. "Didn't you already have a boyfriend?" I asked. "Don't be silly honey, you are my one and only boyfriend he was just a date that tried to rape me remember?" I sighed replying, "And you say what I did to you wasn't rape?" Kim looked me dead in the eye and told me point blank, "If I had thought that it had been rape would I have let you go as far as you did? I felt that we were both ready for what happened, we both wanted to do what we did. 

Hell, you probably wanted to get into my pants since you first met me and to tell you the truth I wanted to let you do it too, and don't think you can kid yourself my love, I wouldn't have come back here, I would have had the cops arrest you." Kim guided my hand to her breast and told me that she loved me and that we would have a great night out and an even better night in.

I can't say that I remember the name of the movie that Kim picked to see, after all my mind was on Kim's great body and how it might look in the item she bought but wouldn't show me. While I paid for the tickets, Kim found us two seats in the empty balcony and as soon as we were settled in Kim started kissing me. I couldn't resist her overtures, Kim had captured my will power, I was her's forever and she knew it. In between kisses she told me that after that first time she wasn't sure what she would do. "I thought I might tell my parents or the police, but then I realized just how much I really loved our first time together, from the way you touched me and made me feel whole, I wanted more. I decided not to say a word to anyone ever, until I saw you again that is. It did kind of scare me a little at first, after all it was my first experience with "real sex." I cleared my throat then I told Kim I was very glad she came back. 

"I missed you so much Kim, dam I had all kinds of hot wet dreams about you." This made Kim happy, I was reasonably sure she blushed but it was just a shade to dark to tell. As the movie started I could just make out the smile on her face as I heard a zipper being undone, her hand took mine and placed it inside her pants and placed it against her pussy. " I didn't come here for any old movie darling." Kim sighed. I could feel that she had shaved the pubic hair from her pussy since our first encounter I could feel the stubble of new growth as my fingers started to rub against her clit and she let out a soft moan. "Mmm, I've waited many days for this, I don't want to wait anymore." It didn't take me long to get her juices flowing and I watched as she lifted her hips off the chair driving my finger deeper into her pussy. 

"Ah! Oh! Mmm! Sean!" I could feel the dampness of her pussy as I slid my finger in and out of her, then I put a second finger in which made her grunt and breath harder. "Sean darling, oh God! Hurry, make me cum!" she cried out as she climaxed. Kim's body arched, a long low moan escaped from her as she clamped my hand hard between her legs not wanting to let my hand go, as she slowly recovered from her climax Kim took my fingers and as she licked them clean a beautiful smile appeared on her face. 

Kim had another surprise, "Take me back to your house please, I have something very special for you." I didn't wait for a second invitation. The two of us left the theater without ever seeing how the movie ended or even cared for that matter and headed for my house. When we entered the house Kim asked to use the bathroom so I showed her where it was. As for myself I went to get a small glass of wine for each of us and headed for the bedroom. This would be a great night. 

The lights in the house were dim when Kim stepped out of the bathroom and my heart almost jumped out of my chest. "Oh, wow!" I said as she moved towards me. Kim was backlit by the hall light. Kim was wearing a very thin red negligee that flowed over her body like a waterfall clinging to her in all the right places, it especially clung to her swelling breasts the way water rolls over a rock in a stream. Kim had on a pair of panties that were virtually see through, plus she was wearing a half bra that left her nipples exposed but gave her breasts some extra lift that they didn't really need. She also let her hair loose and it hung just off of her shoulders. 

"Do you like it Sean? I was thinking of you when I saw it in the store." She told me her voice sounding a bit hesitant. "Like it Kim?, I love it and I love you. I wish I could get a picture of you dressed like that." I told her and handed her a glass of wine. 

"I think that could be arranged honey. Would you mind if I spent the night? My parents aren't expecting me home and I think it's a good time to see what it's like." That was a question I answered very quickly as I stood behind her caressing her body through the near transparent garment. "You can stay as long as you want Kim." I replied as I kissed the nape of her neck. As she turned to face me she said the words that I had hoped to hear, "I love you Sean." 

I could tell she was nervous as I guided her to the bedroom, she shivered a bit. "We don't have to do a thing Kim if you don't want to." I assured her. Kim let the gown fall to the floor and stood there in those sexy undergarments and moved to where I was standing and started to remove my clothes. "I know we don't, I'm just a little nervous that's all. I never spent the night with a man before, but I want us to do this together who knows we could end up living together." Was her only reply as we moved to the bed. As I joined her on the bed I told her that having her live with me would be a dream come true.

Our hands explored every part of each others body, Kim writhed in eagerness as I fingered her pussy and ass. "I feel like I'm going to explode honey." Kim gasped as she arched her back off of the bed. "Don't just yet my dear." I whispered, but Kim was already overheated from the movie. 

"Yes! Yes! Yes! I can't hold it back! Oh God!" She crowed as she shuddered. "Now baby, fuck me now, hurry!" she demanded. I put my cock into her pussy and started pumping away. Kim's pussy felt nice and tight, her muscles grabbed at my cock trying to hold me inside of her till I reached my climax. When I finally did climax Kim put her arms around my neck and sighed. "I didn't mean to rush you babe, but I really needed to feel your cock inside of me, I wanted to feel your warm sperm inside my pussy." I told her that it was not a problem "After all Kim we have all night." 

We kissed each other slowly and passionately happy in our sexual ecstasy. I must have dozed off because when I opened my eyes I could feel Kim sucking on my cock slowly bringing it back to life. "Ah, Kim, that is so good!" Kim stopped only long enough to smile at me. I loved watching her head bob up and down my shaft until I ejaculated and to my surprise she took it all as I sent my sperm happily on it's way. Kim crawled back up to my side and asked if I liked what she did. I hugged and kissed her saying that "You can do it anytime you like honey." We finally did drift off to sleep as we made plans with each other for more fun in and out of bed. We were just starting out on our sexual adventures, I knew that there would be more to "cum".

It had to be somewhere close to dawn, I wasn't quite fully awake and the room was still dark. Kim and I were in the "spoon" position, the warmth of her naked body pressed against me gently, I could still smell the hint of the perfume she wore. I felt my cock brushing against her firm buttocks, I moved my hands gently over her body and Kim started to move herself against me as little moans came from her I moved my right hand to her pussy and kept my left playing with one of her breasts. I couldn't believe how fast she became wet between her legs my cock was ram rod straight our two bodies were grinding against each other and our movements becoming more pronounced as our aroused state increased. Kim was fully awake now. 

"Mmm, I like to wake up like this all the time babe." she sighed as my finger worked her pussy. I could feel my cock searching for her pussy, I could feel my cock brush against an opening so I pushed my cock in. Kim let out a groan of pain. I had put my cock into her anus. "Sean what are you doing!?" She said in surprise. I didn't answer, I was to far gone into the act of sex to say anything. It wasn't that I wanted to hurt her in any way, I was just so turned on by her that I wanted to make love to every part of her body. 

I moved my cock slowly but firmly in and out of her anus, my fingers continued to tickle her clit, Kim started to moan and undulate against me even wilder than she did earlier in the evening. "Now babe, oh please, I'm cumming! Ahhhh!" Kim cried out as her body spasmodically jerked against mine. The shaking of her body set me off, I climaxed into her ass and even though it must have hurt her each time that I shook with ecstasy, she held onto me tightly saying "It's ok honey, it's ok." 

When we finally separated I told her how sorry I was for hurting her. Even though there was a tear in her eyes Kim stroked my cheek and told me, "Oh my darling lover, I think the next time that you want to put your cock into my ass that you should use something to lubricate me don't you think?" I kissed her firmly on the lips. "I love you Kim and I would never want to hurt you, you must know that." Kim sat up and looked down at me. "I love you too Sean, and I know you would never hurt me. Now are you ready to take a shower with me or are you going to watch?"