 Time seemed to stand still for Kim and myself, she spent as many as three nights a week at my place, and once in a while we would turn my office into our own little love nest. I never regreted giving Kim a job at the books store. One evening after the store closed and Kim and I had finished our "inventory" , she leaned on her elbow and told me something that I didn't bother to think about but should have. "We have a problem honey." I looked over at Kim and asked what the problem might be. "I believe that your sister Terry knows about us." Kim let me digest that information for a moment. I moved to the couch where Kim sat,and while I replied with measured tones I ran my fingers over Kim's hard nipples. "It wouldn't surprise me honey, my sister Terry isn't blind." Pushing my hand away from her breasts gently she sat up and asked, "What do you plan to do about it if anything?" I shrugged my shoulders and answered her question with a question. "What would you like me to do?" Kim said nothing for a moment. I had a secret that I knew would have to come out, and now was the time to tell her all. "I think it's time we came out into the open." Kim said softly. By now my fingers were stroking her cum covered pussy and I could see that Kim was once again enjoying the pleasures of arrousal. "Christ, you sure know how to get my motor going don't you." she sighed and kissed me. "So you really want our relationship out in the open Kim?" I asked. "God!Yes!" Kim moaned as she held my hand between her legs. "Now make me cum again love. Hurry!"  

I was happy that Kim and I were going to be open about our relationship from now on, but the secret I had could break my relationship off and I didn't want to loose Kim since I felt sure that Kim would now have objections about ever being seen with me once my secret was out in the open. "There is one small item that you should know Kim, before you really say yes to going out with me." I said, my fingers were working her pussy hard. I started with the truth, it was the only way to go. "The reason my sister Terry suspects that something at all is that before my sister married, my sister and I used to fool around with each other,she was the first female I ever saw naked." Kim looked me straight in the eye and said,"You're kidding me, you fucked your sister?" I could see that this was going well. I continued my finger work. Kim was writhing with pleasure. "No Kim, I didn't fuck her, we used to just get each other off that's all." Kim didn't slap my hand away so I kept going. "Ok, out with it, tell me what you did." Kim's breathing became harsher her voice thicker, her body undulating more and more. Kim was turned on by my admission of having an affair with my sister! I took a deep breath and told her how one afternoon my sister accidently walked in to our bathroom not knowing that I was just getting out of the shower and how I left the bathroom door unlocked by accident. "It's all true Kim, you can ask my sister if you want." Kim groaned and said, "You still didn't tell me what you two did. Oh dam, make me cum honey and tell me all, then put your cock inside me again, I'm heating up." Kim's body arched off the couch. 

I now told Kim how I forgot to lock the bathroom door one afternoon while I was in the shower and when I opened the shower door there was my sister, her bathrobe already half open ready to hit the shower herself. "Oh, Shit!" We said as one. I know my face was red hot. Until that moment I had never seen a naked female up close, it was a dream come true, and my cock was rock hard just from seeing my sister's near naked body. It was to late for me to cover up so I just stood there looking dumb and Terry was the first to speak. "Well, well, I see my little brother really isn't so little anymore is he?" I still couldn't find my voice. I did see a strange look in my sister's eyes. "Do you know how to play with your cock there Sean?" Terry's voice had become huskier sounding. "Care to do a little masterbation for me?" She went on. "Humm, I believe your better hung than my boyfriend." She told me as she reached out to carress my cock. I squirmed like a worm stuck on a hook. Terry seemed happy just to stroke my cock. Terry chuckled and told me that she now wanted to see me to cum. Then I did something bold, I pulled my sister to me and I kissed her full on the lips, my hard cock pressed against her naked belly and I pushed her partly opened bathrobe from her shoulders much to my surprise Terry didn't pull away. "Not bad little brother, now I'll show you how to kiss." With one motion, Terry slid her tongue into my mouth while she guided my hands to her breasts. With a sigh my sister said, "You're an eager beaver aren't you?" I found my voice. "Who wouldn't be after seeing you naked sis." Kim's body shuddered as I drove my finger deeper into her pussy, Kim climaxed before I could finish my story. "Finish your story, you promised." Kim sighed as she licked my juice covered finger. "Are you sure?" I responded. Kim just looked at me and said nothing, so I went on. I told Kim that my sister stepped away from her fallen bathrobe and we now stood in front of each other completly naked. Terry asked me to get on my knees and to put my mouth on her pussy which I did then Terry held my face between her legs and she moaned, "Oh my Sean! Lick my pussy harder! Make me cum!" My sister had to lean against the sink and she dug her fingers into my scalp while my tongue licking up her salty pussy juices till she climaxed after which she had me strech out on the floor where she started to suck my cock. "If you promise never to tell anyone, I want us to do this again Sean, often." Terry told me in between mouths full of my cock. I gave her my word. Terry sucked my cock till I came in her mouth. I watched her take it all when she was finished she licked her lips happily. After that day when ever we could find time we would get together and have our special cum party. Terry loved to have me cum on her body or in her mouth, but I never did get the chance to penitrate her, she wouldn't let me. My story was finished, Kim didn't say a word but she bent over and took my cock into her mouth and started to suck on it slowly until I eventually came. Her only words were, "You like the way I suck your cock?" My only answer was a groan of pleasure. 

The next night I returned home late only to find my sister Terry sitting in the kitchen. "Hi, what brings you around tonight sis?" I asked. Terry shrugged her shoulders and replied, "Kim asked me to come by after work for some drinks." Terry was looking real good this night, she was wearing a tight tank-top and I wanted to reach over and fondel her breasts just the way I use to do. "Honey! Your home!" Kim entered the room with a big smile wearing one of my shirts with the buttons left undone and her firm legs exposed and the shirt did little to hide her perfect breasts, and no panties. "I was just telling your sister about us." Kim went on after she gave me a long hard kiss. "I think that's great you two." Terry said with a half smile. I instinctively brushed my hand against her cheek I could feel Terry shudder and I saw Kim nodding her head giving me the ok to kiss my sister which I did full on the mouth and Terry's response kisses were warm and eager. "Oh, Sean! It's been so long." she sighed as I moved my hands over her breasts. "What are you doing Sean? What about Kim? We shouldn't be doing this again." My sister said as her breathing quickened. "I can't help myself around you sis, plus Kim wants to watch." I told Terry as I lifted her shirt off. Terry didn't resist, she thrust her breasts out and begged for me to play with them the way I used to before she married. "Pull on my nipples hard honey, you remember how." She sighed. "You know what this means don't you sis?" I asked as I lifted her bra from her chest. "Yes, I do Sean, yes I do." Terry ground her ass against my crotch. 

Kim was eager to participate, since it was my girl from the bookstore who made it all possible I had no objections at all. Kim reached out and undid my sister's pants and pulled them from her writhing hips making sure that Terry's panties went with them. I could see that my sister still kept her pubic hair trimed real close and I moved my hand lovingly over it making Terry groan. "Oh Sean! I've missed this so much." Kim in the meantime moved behind me and undid my pants pulling them off me along with my underpants exposing my hard on for all to see. I noticed that Kim had a very big smile on her face as she watched me slide my finger into Terry's pussy. "That's it lover." Kim said happily. "Let's see you and your sister have some fun. Make her cum for me." Then sitting in front of my sister and I she started to play with herself.

Terry groaned and shivered as my finger went to work on her pussy,Terry's ass was practically glued to the chair as she gasped out, "Sean, I'm going to cum! Oh my God!! Suck my pussy, hurry!" I quickly got on my knees and started licking Terry's pussy, I could feel her fingers dig into my hair as my tongue flicked away at her clit and I knew it wouldn't be much longer till she climaxed. Terry was wound up real tight. "Yes! Sean, I need you! Hurry!" Terry groaned as her body bucked and heaved in the chair, then to my surprise I saw Kim move behind Terry and start to play with my sister's nipples. Terry was so lost in sexual ecstacy she didn't mind my girlfriend's manipulation of her breasts, she wanted Kim to pull on her nipples harder. "Oh, my, ahhh! Sean! I'm cumming!" Terry's body rocked in the chair as she reached her orgasim just the way I remembered, holding my head to her pussy so I could taste all of her juices. Once I finished my last lick of her pussy I bent close to my sister's ear and whispered. "You know it's finally time don't you sis?" Terry nodded her head and said softly, "Yes, I know honey, it's time at last." 

Our moment of truth arrived, I moved my cock towards my sister's waiting pussy, Terry looked on as I moved my cock over her soaking pussy but she had no plans on stopping me, she knew that we were going further than we ever dreamed of. Terry made only a small noise I as pushed my cock inside of her, "Ah!" She said as my cock was engulfed in her warm damp cunt. I loved the feel of her muscles as they grasped at my cock, and it felt even better as I ground my hips against her while she lifted her body towards mine. Terry gasped out heatedly, "Oh, Sean do it slow, you're cock is filling me up inside. I like this a whole lot!" I could feel her fingers tickle my balls as she coaxed me towards my climax. "Time for good little brothers to cum." My sister said quietly. 

It is hard for me to describe the feeling I had when I started to pump my cock into my sister, but I know she liked it when she wrapped her legs around my hips and kept pulling me towards her, pushing my cock deep inside of her. "Now honey." Terry gasped as she pulled me hard against her, "Cum for me now Sean." I started to cum just as I saw Kim bend over Terry's face and kiss her full on the lips. Terry had eagerly responded to the sexual stimulation from Kim and myself. I was now spent but Kim and Terry seemed to be hungry for more.

        I guess I'm no diferent than a lot of other men, I have often dreamed of seeing two women "get it on." and now it was actually happening right in front of me. I could see that Kim was firmly in control of the situation as she continued to manipulate Terry's breasts while she now sat astride my sister's lap getting my sister to suck on her breasts or exchanging long hard kisses. I watched as Kim and Terry moved to the floor and Kim and Terry were breast to breast grinding against one another on the floor and I sat near them wishing that my cock would get hard again and that I could be in between them and that they would take turns sucking my cock. I groaned as I watched Kim guide my sister's face between her legs and I groaned even louder when I heard Kim let out a sigh of excitement as Terry's tongue went to work on her clit. "Faster Terry, faster!" I heard Kim tell my sister. To my surprise Terry complied, I seemed recall that my sister was always the dominant one when we first did our thing, but now she willingly submited to instructions from my girlfriend. Terry had changed, from my point of view I liked the change. It was the first time I actually got to see my girlfriend climax. I loved the way her body tensed and arched, then shook with sexual explosions and then the satisfied smile on her face as her body relaxed, I knew that I loved her and that I loved my sister as well. Kim and Terry carressed each other after Kim's climax their lips touched each others gently before Kim beckoned me over to join them which I did. 

Kim, Terry and I traded kisses, and I won't deny that their breasts pressing against me had me excited and I must have said out loud how I wish my cock was hard again. Terry looked over at Kim and with a hint of a smile said, "Kim, I'm fairly sure I remember how to get my brother hard again, what do you think? Should we?" Kim responded "Mmm, I love Sean when his cock gets hard." And they both started to run their tongues up and down my limp shaft and I could feel something stirring inside, they were doing it! My cock was slowly returning to life. It was a dream come true for me, I was praying that I would not wake up and find that it was just that, one long wet dream.