 There's something special about summer, it's when the warm weather brings out the girls in their tank tops, bikini's and other sexy outfits that can turn any man's head. Which is why I like my bookstore so near the beach, all kinds of girls stop in their bodies glistening with tanning lotion or beads of water rolling down their bodies since they had just gotten out of the water. The only draw back of course is I don't always have time to check them out the way I would like.

My life was changed forever one very hot afternoon when a young girl walked up to the counter looking for help. "Excuse, me could you help me find a book on..." she gave me the name of the book. I was unable to find it but I told her I would have a copy in about 2 days. The girl gave me her name. "My name is Kim, I need the book for my college course." I cleared my throat and told her my name was Sean and that I owned the store. Kim smiled, I took a good look at her, she was wearing a tight T-shirt that came a quarter of the way down her thighs. I could see her bikini top through the thin shirt material, she had great legs with long, taut muscles and slender calves. She had brown hair that hung to her shoulder it framed her smooth face, she had blue eyes that seemed to glow at everything. I told her that I would call her when the book arrived.

The book came in a day early, so I called her number and asked for Kim. "This is Kim, I know your voice, your Sean from the bookstore." I was glad she answered the phone and not her parents. "Your book is in Kim." I informed her. I almost fainted when I heard her tell me to call her anytime. I told her that I would be glad to call anytime. "I'll be in to get my book shortly." She informed me before she hung up.

I could have sworn that I had just hung up when in the door walked Kim. On this day she was wearing a hot tight looking tank-top which pressed against her breasts and she had on a pair of hot looking shorts that showed how firm her legs really were along with her firm looking body. When she finished paying for the book, I asked if she would care to have a soda or some coffee with me over at the cafe that I had in the store. I was pleased that she said yes. This was the start of something different Kim and I would meet like this two or three times a week, by the third week she actually touched my hand. 

I didn't see Kim for several days after our last meeting, I knew I had no right to feel anything for her after all I was older than she was and we joked about it a few times she told me she liked my gray hair, "It looks great on you Sean." I buried my head in my work, Then one night just as I was ready to close the store I heard the door bang open and it was Kim calling out my name. "Sean are you here? Please be here, I need help." I moved quickly to the front of the store and saw Kim was in a very disheveled state. "What's wrong Kim?" I asked. Kim let out a short sob, "My boyfriend, Mark just tried to rape me."

"Is he still outside?" I demanded. Kim nodded her head yes. I brought her to the back where there is a couch and I told her to sit tight and call the police. I gave her my cell phone, remembering my old military training I went out the back of the store, it didn't take me long to find this Mark, he was calling for Kim without let up. I gave him one quick punch to the kidney and he was down for the count. I whispered in his ear, "The police are on their way asshole, and this is my only warning, you ever try to hurt that girl or any other girl in this town I will find you, do you understand?" Mark nodded his head yes. I pulled him off the ground and told him to get out. He whined about his car and I told him he should be glad he's only loosing a car. When the police arrived I told them the story and they towed the car. Mark would be in jail by 10:00 pm.

I went back into the store and found Kim still on the couch reading and I told her what went on outside and this made her laugh. I could see that Kim's T-shirt was ripped at the shoulder and I also noticed that she wasn't wearing a bra, I could see her smallish breasts jiggle about as she moved. I went to get her some water and a fresh store T-shirt. "Your's is ripped." I pointed out as I sat next to her. Kim told me what happened, I found myself stroking her hair. Kim didn't move, she turned to face me and said, "Thank you, Sean for all of your help." I told her it was no problem at all. Then I got up the nerve to kiss her on the lips. I was very surprised when she didn't jump off the couch. We started tentatively pecking at each other's lips, then our kissing became more intense with Kim putting her arms around my neck.

I swallowed my surprise and I heard Kim repeat between kisses, "Thank you, Sean." Kim kept her eyes closed. I got a little bolder and I started to move my hand up and down her side each time moving closer to her breasts and then contact! I felt her try to brush my hand away but not with a lot of effort, she then took my hand and put it under her shirt so I could feel her naked breasts. My hand started kneading her breast and Kim let out a sigh of relief? Happiness? Kim was thrusting her breasts towards me as I rolled a nipple between my fingers. My next move was even bolder, I started to remove her T-shirt exposing her small but beautiful breasts, her nipples were erect and hard. Kim let out a soft "Oh!" As I kissed each breast circulating my tongue around each nipple. "Sean! Ahh!" Kim moaned as my hand stole down to her crotch and started to rub against it gently but firmly, she started to lift her whole body towards me as she became more aroused. 

Kim's undulating body was driving me wild, I undid her shorts and pushed them down off of her hips, I noticed that she had very small tan lines and that her pussy was nearly hairless. I started to slide my finger in and out of her pussy. Kim gasped and moaned and her body writhed wildly with each plunge of my finger. When I moved my face between her legs and started to lick her pussy it made Kim cry out softly, "Yes! Sean! Oh my!" As I flicked my tongue in and out of her pussy tickling her clit. I kept my hands busy by tweaking her nipples which made her wilder with passion. Kim dragged her fingernails across my back as she went through her waves of ecstasy, then she dug them into my arms as she reached her climax. Kim's body heaved and shuddered as her orgasm hit with the force of a speeding train. "Oh, God! Mmmm", Kim said as she came back to earth. Her body was covered in a light sheen of sweat, and I started to move myself into position over Kim and I heard her gasp as she saw my engorged cock.

I don't have a super size cock by any means, it looks big when it's fully erect and I moved it towards Kim's pussy. I slowly pushed it in and Kim gasped in pain, "Sean, it's so big, it won't fit."

"Sure it will." I replied, and pushed my cock it in a little further Kim gasped again until it was in all the way and I started to pump my cock in and out of her slowly letting her get used to my cock being inside of her. We were both sweating now and we had found a nice rhythm as she undulated her body as I moved in and out of her. Kim was smiling as I pumped away and she was encouraging me when she tickled my balls with her fingers. That was enough, I groaned and felt my eyes roll to the back of my head as I ejaculated. I pumped even harder as the orgasm shook me from head to toe. Kim held on to my ass the entire time. I rolled to the side as my body returned to earth. I almost couldn't look Kim in the eyes when she stroked my cheek and said, "It's ok Sean really. I had hopes of making love to you, maybe not this way, but just the same."

"Even though I'm old enough to be your father?" I asked. Kim smiled at me and told me that it didn't matter to her about my age. Kim let me watch while she dressed. I gave her one of the store T-shirts to wear and she gladly put it on. Kim also wanted me to take her home and I told her that I would. This was going to be a very interesting summer.