 I had been a virgin when Kenny first made love to me. It happened following an evening like what you would read about in a novel and we were very much in love. We married less then a year later and settled into the routine of being part of a large family. This was a family of high morals wrapped up in a religion that was the backbone of their principles. Large families to them were not the exception. This was to my liking as Kenny and I had decided that we would have children almost immediately much to the favor of the matriarchs in the family. I discontinued the pill as soon as we were married as we decided to not wait. We made love at least four times a week and each time we would wonder if this was the time I would conceive. 

The first month of our marriage was hectic and I had only been off the pill for a month so it was not surprising that my period arrived a couple of days early. The following month when it arrived we started to wonder and after the fourth month we got concerned. I am a five foot three inch blonde in very good health, very shapely and proportioned. Kenny is handsome with his brown hair and blue eyes. He is not a large man but in good shape. We had expected to get pregnant at once. We let it go and continued hoping for the inevitable to happen. When it didn’t after almost another eight months we started to panic. I got some tests done and nothing turned up out of the normal. I apparently was a very fertile young woman to quote the words of my doctor and the specialist. But the shocker came when it was discovered that Kenny had a sperm count that was so low it would be almost impossible for him to ever father children. He was told that when he was young he had a sickness with a very high fever that could have rendered him sterile. 

This news hit us hard as it almost killed the dreams we had. We continued to make love and to live our lives but what we had been dreaming about was gone. We considered adopting children but the waiting lists were such that we could wait almost forever. We discussed the idea of having me artificially inseminated but it was against any principles that Kenny and his religious beliefs could tolerate. We let this idea slide until one night we finally discussed it again. Kenny told me that he would not be totally against me being inseminated if it was from someone he approved of and not from an anonymous donor. I had very little idea where he was going with this but sort of agreed with him. He told me he was going to talk to his older brother Rob. The very next day he met with Rob and discussed it. Apparently Rob had very little problem with the idea of being my donor and I sort of warmed to the idea. Rob was a much larger man and a very nice person that I really admired. In the past I had actually found myself daydreaming about him in ways that excited me and sent my mind spinning.

I had no idea how the insemination would be performed and whether we would go to a clinic or if we went to our doctor or how it would be done. I had no idea and it was left to Kenny and he apparently made all the arrangements. He was not happy about the clinical situation but claimed to have made arrangements and that we would go the Monday morning after the first weekend in May. We had been monitoring the days and the times as well as taking temperatures and that time would probably we right for me within a day or so. It was also the next day after the weekend that we spent at Whistler each year spring skiing. As usual we were going to be there with some friends and this year Kenny had invited Rob to come also. He did not come out with us but turned up on his own on the Saturday afternoon. 

Kenny was on the hill and I was in the lodge alone when Rob arrived. He had not eaten so I accompanied him to the dining room where he ate and we chatted. He told me he had wanted to talk to me and was happy Kenny was not there. He said he wanted to ask me personally how I felt about the plans we had. As we talked his eyes never left me and I felt warmth go through me and a slight shiver traveled the length of my body. He told me he had agreed to be the donor but would not unless he knew it was acceptable to me and wanted to hear it. He took my hand in his on the table as I told him I wanted it that way and was so pleased he had agreed. He held my hand between his and his touch was so warm. He was a very strong man but like Kenny he also had warmth that was even more evident. His presence was almost over powering and I could feel the attraction towards Rob. I told him I was pleased that I would soon be carrying his child and I felt a closeness form between us. 

That evening we dinned with the group and listened to the music from the band. We danced and enjoyed the evening. At one point Rob and I danced. Again I felt the strength of this man and the idea of being in his arms was not the least bit uncomfortable. As we moved beyond the crowd on the floor I felt him draw me close and was held tight to him. I let my head rest against his chest as his hands softly caressed my back. I caught myself and looked up into his eyes and saw him smile down at me as the music ended and we walked off the floor. I was in a complete state of unrest to say the least. My knees were almost weak but I soon collected myself and got away from the things that were racing through my mind by getting absorbed into the normal ski talk regarding a couple of new runs that had been put in. I also was enjoying the wine and coupled with the comfort of the evening and the enjoyable company I started to feel the effects and was soon in the happiest mood I had been in for ages. We had been under stress and this was almost what I felt I needed to release the tension. 

It was not my imagination that Rob had his eyes on me. He was hiding it from the others but I caught his glance and more then once felt his riveting eye contact almost melt me. I danced with Kenny and he told me he had talked to Rob and that everything was ready and that they had worked it out between them how it was to take place and I would find out more when it was time for it. I took it to mean that the instructions for Monday would be given to me. It became late so we decided to go to our room as another couple was leaving also. We took the elevator and Rob came up with us and said goodnight and continued to his room. Kenny and I went inside and I slid my clothes off to shower, he closed his arms around me and held me close. We moved to the bathroom in each other’s arms and continued our embrace until we were under the cascading spray of the warm shower. The room was steamed and the hot water felt so good. I felt my skin tingling as Kenny soaped me. He poured the liquid soap on my breasts and lathered them and then he moved down between my legs and soaped me and cleansed me. I could feel his fingers and the palm of his hand as it molded itself on my mound. He washed until my lips and soft tuff of blonde hair were almost squeaky-clean. He then rinsed me and turned off the water. He took a large towel and softy rubbed me until I was dry.

We moved to the large bed and he placed me in the middle and then turned the lights off. The room was warm and the bed was wide, and the soft blanket covering us was all that was needed. It was very dark and Kenny came to me and kissed me gently and I felt his warm lips quivering and could feel a hesitation as he gathered me into his arms and held me close. There was tenderness beyond what I had felt before. I detected a murmur in his breathing as he gently caressed my back and stroked my side slowly sliding his hands down over my hip and slowly up the inside of my thigh and over my flat soft tummy. I moved against him and pressed my lips against his as he kissed me deeper and slowly let his tongue find its way between my lips. I softly sucked the tip and gasped as I felt his fingers on my nipples rubbing them and rolling them as he pinched them and worked them to a tingling hardness. He cupped both of my breasts, kneading them in his warm hands until I could feel my moisture flowing. I started to raise my hips off the bed slightly. His hands were now all over me and he was breathing hard and fast as he licked my neck and sucked my ear lobe. I moved my body and slowly revolving my hips feeling the urgency as I waited for Kenny. I felt a movement of cool air in the room and moaned softly as his hands were all over me. He was moving my legs apart and sliding up the insides. I felt like a million hands were caressing me. I noticed that Kenny was holding me with both his hands on my back. I then felt the other set of larger hands moving between my thighs. 

My first reaction was to twist my lower body and try to pull away but I was held firm. I felt Kenny kissing my forehead and I gasped and withdrew when I realized that Rob had to be in the room. Kenny whispered softly telling me to just be still and that Rob was here. I whimpered softly feeling the shock of this moment but soon feel comforted. He told me that he did not want me to become a mother in some sterile doctors office. He wanted me to conceive my child in love the way nature had intended it and that he would be there with me through this. I could not comprehend what was happening to me but realized the out come was inevitable. Surprisingly my next reaction was that of excitement. I felt the urgency of the warm hands on the inside of my thighs and then the feel of them slowly sliding up the outside of my hips and caressing me softly. I could feel him rub me gently in slow circles as he slid his hands from my flaring hips to my tight waist. I felt him exploring me and I marveled in the fact the hands that now had found my breasts were large but so warm and gentle. I felt myself moving slowly with the new feeling. I could feel moisture flowing again and myself opening to him. Kenny continued to hold me with his hands on my back as I lay in his arms. Rob continued his exploration of my breasts and now my lower body. I was quivering slightly and breathing harder as Kenny whispered to me and cradled me closer as he asked me to please let Rob inseminate me the natural way.

I knew by now that this had been planned and was not going to go against their wishes. I was more then ready remembering my time with Rob earlier that evening. I next felt his hands opening my legs to which I offered no resistance. I even slightly lifted my pelvis so he could slowly work his finger along my wet slit as he gently spread my lower lips and exposed me to his fingers. I instantly flinched and I felt Kenny hold me tighter as he knew I was starting to react and that Rob had touched me in a sensitive area. His hands felt so much different then Kenny’s. His touch was so expert and so smooth and almost silky as he slowly circled my clit and slid his fingers around it and then down and softly probed inside me. His finger entered me and as he pushed it inside and I knew he felt the tightness of my inner muscles grasping it. He began to work it round and round and slowly stroke it and I knew then I was going to loose it. I pressed hard against Kenny and clasped my arms around him as I moved and twisted my hips and then squeezed my thighs clamping Rob’s hand between my legs. I was into my orgasm and feeling a total release as I pushing against the hand and tightened on him. My body was covered in a fine sheen of sweat as I released the pressure on my thigh and felt Rob move away. My breathing slowly returned to normal and I whispered softly to Kenny that I would do this but I did not want him holding me. I wanted him to let Rob do it by himself and for him to leave the room. I didn’t want Kenny to watch what I knew was going to happen to me next.

I told him to go and he kissed me and got up from the bed. I could hear whispering and could hear Kenny putting his clothes on and the snap of the door. I felt someone moving on the bed and then Rob was gathering me up. His arms were thick and strong around me and his chest was large and the hair tickled my breasts as he held me close to him. I was more then ready for this man and then for the first time he kissed me and I realized he was going to make love to me. This was not going to be a clinical procedure by no means. His lips were very insistent. He kissed me hard and deep and slid his tongue between my lips and slowly stroked it in an out sliding around my tongue and under mine. His hands had found their way down to my hips and then he moved over me. He opened my legs and I could feel he was kneeling between them. I could feel the sides of his knees as he opened me wide. I felt him come down over me and then realized he was not going to make me wait. He was ready to do it and I could hardly wait. He lifted my knees high and as my eyes were now accustomed to the dark I could see him kneeling there and he was stroking himself. I knew he had to be hard and ready. I felt his other hand delicately touching me and gently opening my wet lips as he bent down and then moved towards me.

I trembled slightly as I felt the warm thick blunt head. He moved it into the center of my opening and I felt the pressure and the thickness as he arched his back and prepared to push himself inside. I moved upwards and then felt the large girth as it spread me. I felt my inner lips like elastic stretching to receive him. Rob moved his arms up and around me and moved me directly under him. He was only barely lodged inside but felt huge already. I had not expected this. He moved forward and I felt him enter me and I moaned softly and felt his arms tighten on me. I was wet and slippery and was taking him and he was going to fill me completely. He slowed and let me adjust to his size. He was so much larger then Kenny and he was going deeper. He was already in as far as Kenny ever got. He would slide in and out a few times and then firmly press it a little deeper. I felt I was going to burst as he forced it inside me. I could feel the tightness where I was being stretched to accommodate him. Rob then began to take me with him. It began with a slow easy stroking and I found myself moving with him as he brought me along and I raised myself to him and held him close. My arms were now around him as he began to almost pump me as he stroked harder into me. I clasped him to me and buried my face into his neck. He was now sliding in and out hard and deep and was moving faster. I had not expected this and something new was happening to me.

. This was not like with Kenny, this was different. This was more then making love. I realized that for the first time I was getting fucked. Rob was fucking me hard and deep. Real deep. I could feel my smooth wet channel contracting around his thick hard shaft. He was sliding in and out with smooth six and seven inch strokes. I could feel his large balls pounding against my ass and slapping in the wetness as the juice flowed out of me on each stroke. I knew my breathing had quickened and I was going to orgasm again. The continuous grinding of his hairy mound on my clit was more then I could take and I wrapped my legs tight around him and held on as my body quivered. I heard a scream as if it was in my dreams not realizing it was my own. My whole mind was concentrated on that beautiful cock that was again moving inside me. I could feel the urgency in Rob’s body and realized that what we were here for was going to happen. He arched himself and pressed himself a full inch deeper causing something to open as he entered it. I felt the first hard throb followed by a warm sensation and another throb as he exploded inside me splattering his semen all over in me. I wrapped my legs around him holding him to me. I wanted all of it. I felt the warmth running down the length of his shaft. He had filled me and I could feel it dripping and running out of me. I had never felt so much semen. I was almost swimming in it. He held me to him and then I heard the first words we had spoken as he asked me if I was okay and I told him I had never been so okay in my life. 

We tried to release his large semi hard cock out of me. It was half soft and I was still full. We wanted to hold his seed inside me as much as we could. He lifted me and lowered me on a pillow to keep me raised where I lay while he cleaned me with a warm washcloth and took all traces of our lovemaking away except that which was swimming inside me. He covered me and kissed me telling me he would phone and talk when we got home. He then left and a few moments later Kenny was back. He said nothing but came to the bed and lay on the cover beside me and kissed me. I knew it was okay now and hoped that some of Rob’s sperm were at that very moment finding their way. I was determined to make it work. 

I missed my period at the end of that month and am now very pregnant. Kenny feels that we did a wonderful job of picking the time for me to conceive so easily. I will never tell him that there was much more then the one time. I met with Rob by himself three times the following week alone. He has been my lover for the last three months and will continue to be. I feel we have something to share between us now that his child is growing in my womb. Kenny and I have decided to have more children after this one and he tells me Rob might be willing to let us use him again. I am so happy to hear that.