 The first time I ever laid eyes on Ashley I was attracted to her. And not just in a physical sense either. Sure, she was easy to look at, beautiful in fact. But there was something about the way she smiled at me the first time we ever noticed one another that told me this was a woman I truly wanted to come to know better.

Ashley had just started work for the company that was next door to where I worked. For several days we would sometimes bump into one another, say "hello", but it was never really more than that in the beginning.

Like I said, just seeing her, seeing that warm welcoming smile in the morning put a hitch in my giddy-up! An attractive blonde with eyes that could make you melt whenever she looked at you, it was hard not to focus on another of her more attractive features. Ashley was very well endowed! The fact that she had fairly large breasts was simply icing on the cake as far as I was concerned. More than enough to make any man drool over, but I was careful to always wipe my mouth off whenever I saw her before she knew I was drooling!

As the days passed we became more and more friendly with one another, taking the time to learn about one another, eventually even going to lunch together on occasion where we began to share even more. There was very little we couldn't or wouldn't discuss, which was extremely refreshing. To learn that Ashley and I shared similar interests, were both pretty open minded about life in general, which included a few sexual topics we'd allowed ourselves to explore in discussion with one another, made for an interesting friendship.

Though I had certainly entertained some fairly lusty thoughts regarding her, I'd managed to keep most of those to myself. Sure, we flirted, joked and teased one another on occasion, something we both enjoyed doing. But I knew it was nothing more than that. Simple sometimes naughty fun between friends. 

One particular afternoon we'd gone to lunch together. Ashley wanted to stop by her house briefly to pick up something as I tagged along. Showing me around, introducing me to her adorable Jack Russell terriers, we spent a few moments together until it was time to leave. Quite by accident, I had stood figuring Ashley was going one way, and I another. As it turned out, we all but collided with the firmness of those beautiful breasts coming into direct contact with one hand while I made a feeble attempt to regain my balance, reaching out and accidentally brushing against the front of her chest. Embarrassed initially, I didn't really know what to say, quickly lowering my hand and apologizing to her. Ashley merely laughed, easing my discomfort.

"See? I told you, they really are real!" she said teasingly. "I never doubted they weren't!" I replied still feeling the warmth bathing my cheeks. "Though I'll be the first to admit Ashley, I'd love to actually see them one day."

The truth was, I doubted I ever would. But we were now close enough that I also knew a comment like that wouldn't chase her away or cause her to run screaming into the night either.

"Oh you would, would you?" she asked with that disarming smile of hers chasing away all worry and fear that I'd overstepped any boundaries here.

"Yeah, I really would."

"You don't think I'd do it do you?" she teased back once again.

Ashley was great at teasing me to death. Something we enjoyed doing more often than not. But I had no doubt that this was all it was. One of our fun banters back and forth that though suggestive, certainly fun and exciting, wasn't really going anywhere or leading towards anything.

I laughed with her. "Sure Ashley, you'd actually show me your boobs," I said with ever-growing confidence that she never would of course.

Before I was even aware of what she was doing, Ashley had lifted the lightweight sweater she'd been wearing, along with her bra. In the next instant, I was staring at the most beautiful, firm pair of breasts I had ever seen! Perfectly molded, beautifully shaped, each capped with a gorgeous light brown nipple. I was so stunned, I am sure I must have looked like an idiot standing there. Not only were her breasts wonderfully large, but so were each of those erect firm nipples.

"Oh my God Ashley!" I finally managed to breath. She was grinning. "Well, they certainly look real!" I stated appreciatively.

"I assure you Mat, they are! Go ahead, see for yourself," she added. I couldn't believe what I was hearing, or just heard. "Really?"

Ashley simply smiled and I felt myself melting into the floor before her. It was all I could do to take the two steps necessary to get close enough. When I finally did, I tentatively extended a single finger, placing just the tip of it on one of her hard swollen buds.

"Hmmm," she moaned softly.

Only then did I allow myself the incredible pleasure of actually reaching up, cupping each of those exquisite treasures within my hands. 

Ashley was soft, wonderfully so. Yet so firm, so deliciously full, pliant and tender. Her flesh felt warm to the touch, and I found myself palming each of her luscious breasts, feeling the hard taut nubbins of her breasts pressed against the palm of each hand as I stood there hoping I wasn't about to waken from some dream I'd been having.

True, we were only friends, albeit good ones. Very good ones. But never in a million years would I have guessed that Ashley would have allowed me the privilege of standing here like I was, caressing and gently fondling her near perfect boobs. Which is also when I kissed her. It just seemed natural at the moment, and no doubt unexpected for either one of us. At first, she sort of flinched away though not quite distancing herself enough from me to force me to relinquish the twin prizes I'd been admiring.

Which is when she suddenly kissed me back.

It was a light, gentle exploratory kiss. Nothing to initially suggest the heat of passion I was now experiencing. That first was quick, brief, and oh so soft. When I once again leaned in closer to her, kissing her again, this time she met me halfway, though perhaps more than halfway as her chest trapped my hands against my own, forcing me to withdraw them from her breasts. I quickly encircled her waist, one hand resting on the small of her back, the other on the nape of her neck as we came together. This time our lips and tongues teasingly explored one another, playfully yet erotically, as we allowed the passion of that kiss to escalate the sensations we were both now experiencing. Finally, Ashley stepped back breaking the kiss as well as the contact we'd had.

"We don't have much time," she whispered. I was still flying too high in the clouds to fully understand what she'd just said. I figured that she needed, more likely wanted to get back to work and that it was time for us both to compose ourselves and do that.

"Ok," I said simply expecting to follow her back out to the garage towards her car. Instead, she turned towards me holding out her hand as she headed towards a short flight of stairs leading up into the sitting room above. Confused, I hurriedly joined her as she now led me into the sitting room, taking a seat upon a cozy looking couch, standing before her still somewhat bewildered as to what was actually taking place. I felt her hands quickly locate the zipper on the Levi shorts I was wearing.

One of the few things Ashley and I had briefly discussed in the past was that she was capable, and seemingly enjoyed it, deep-throating a man's prick. Something that I had myself never experienced before in my life, and was reasonably sure I never would either.

Aroused as I was, it took Ashley a brief moment to finally free my erection, almost springing out at her as she unbuttoned, unzipping my shorts allowing them to fall down around my ankles. I couldn't speak, almost afraid to do so in the event that mentioning anything to her about what was happening here might somehow cause her to change her mind.

I did however allow myself to moan as her lips suddenly encircled the head of my shaft, drawing me in.

It had been a long, long time since I'd felt a woman's lips actually surrounding my cock. But Ashley began taking even that sensation a step further. Slowly, tenderly, I felt the softness of her engulf me inch by inch until she had all but swallowed the length of my prick. I felt my knees buckle, my head swimming in delirious pleasure as I stood before her. My hands now automatically reaching out, fingers suddenly combing the softness of her hair as I attempted to steady myself, holding on for support. As I felt her mouth slowly withdraw, then once again capturing me, it was all I could do to keep from collapsing on top of her. The pleasure so intense, so near overwhelming that I wanted to scream out the joy I was feeling, worried that if I were to do so, I would again remind her of what she was doing to me, and again chase her away.

To my surprise, she continued the delicious onslaught of my prick. I knew inwardly that much more of this exquisite torture, and I would explode. There was no denying, or preventing the sensation that had already tightened my balls, alerting me to the fact that I was only moments away now from filling her mouth with the essence of my soul.

"Oh my God Ashley!" I said by way of warning, sure that sensing my impending release, she would now remove my cock from within her velvety lips. Ashley stunned me, by if anything, increasing both the tempo and pressure of her hands as well as her lips. Looking down towards her in astonished surprise, she looked up towards me, smiling, her full lips wrapped so sensuously around my manhood.

The intensity of my orgasm was beyond anything I could ever remember. I'd only experienced the sensation of actually cumming inside a woman's mouth perhaps a handful of times my entire life. That sensation, added to the one I'd been experiencing seemed to short-circuit my entire body as the ecstasy I now experienced felt like my body was being turned inside out. I wouldn't have been at all surprised to find out that had happened, as I felt my toes curl, my buttocks clench, and face screw up as wave after wave of the most profound pleasure I'd ever experienced before in my entire life continued to wash through and over my body.

"Oh my, you came hard...and a lot too Mat!" I heard Ashley saying, though for a moment it almost sounded as though she were far, far away from where I currently was. I opened my eyes just long enough to see her licking her lips, the last trace of my creamy nectar being claimed by that succulent mouth. Unable to stand or support myself any longer, I finally did collapse beside her on the couch.

"Shit! I guess we really are going to be late getting back to work now!" I said worriedly. But again she was smiling.

"I need to make a phone call, let them know I'm not feeling well and won't be returning back to work this afternoon. How are you feeling anyway?" she asked with a mischievous twinkle in her eye. I coughed, coughed again. 

"Hmmm, me too. Must be coming down with something. Or...about to go down on something," I added lustily.

Ashley made her call into work first, afterwards handing the phone to me. I watched as she disappeared up the stairs towards the bedroom looking back towards me with a wink and a smile that hinted at heavens as yet unexplored. It was all I could do to sound convincing enough to my boss to let him know I wouldn't be returning to work for the rest of the afternoon, barely giving him time enough to tell me to rest easy then and let him know how I was doing in the morning. Hanging up the phone, I called out.

"Ashley?"

"Up here," she said softly.

I began climbing back up the stairs unsure of what to expect, only knowing that my hopes were up as was surprisingly something else as well. By the time I reached the landing and turned in the direction of her bedroom, I could see that she'd undressed completely, lying between the cool crisp sheets of her bed.

"Fuck!" I moaned as though it was the most beautiful word in the world, which at the moment, it was. Looking every bit as beautiful and alluring as I'd imagined her in my own private fantasies, I crossed the room shedding the remainder of my clothing where they fell, soon joining her there on the bed. Once again, I gathered her into my arms, kissing her even more deeply, more passionately than we had before beginning to leave a trail of kisses down her neck, teasingly washing the heat of her flesh as I moved slowly, lower and lower down before paying homage to the twin spheres of delight that awaited me.

"Hmmm, that feels nice," Ashley groaned quietly. 

I licked, sucking lightly, nipping at the hardness that greeted me. Her nipples so swollen, so erect that I was half tempted to bite them off with the sheer joy that was once again coursing through my entire body. The feel of her flesh as I cupped her within my hands, kneading her like a contented cat, continuing to kiss and suckle each one in turn, finally taking both, pressing them together so that I could devour each nipple simultaneously. The cry which escaped her throat as I did, telling me that she too was every bit as aroused as I was, if not more.

"Oh God Mat, lick me, lick my pussy baby, please!"

I'd had every intention of doing that anyway, but just hearing her say that had me sliding down even more rapidly than had been my original plan. The aroma of that succulent sweet slit nearly drove me insane! I wanted to devour every square inch of her pussy with my mouth, forcing myself to go slowly however instead. I allowed the barest of tentative tickles as I slowly grazed the soft lined furrow of her split. Running just the tip of my tongue slowly up the heated passage of Ashley's pussy, I finally came into contact with the taut pearl of her pleasure which I'd already more fully exposed with my fingers. Here too, I stabbed tentatively with the tip of my tongue, lightly, gently, allowing her to become accustomed to the kiss and dance of my tongue upon the surface of her flesh.

"Oh Mat, yes...Oh God yes, just like that!" she urged me.

I continued to tickle her, repeating the explorations of that rapidly moistening inner groove, delighting in feeling her body tense, her breathing becoming even more rapid with each passing second.

"Harder now! Harder!" she urged me unashamedly. 

With quick flicks of my tongue against her tender flesh, I began to assail her clitoris like a butterfly in flight. Squirming beneath me now, it was all I could do to remain positioned as I was, occasionally capturing that sweet pearl between my lips, holding on to it, gently sucking it and rolling it around with the tip of my tongue.

"Oh God! Oh God...yes! Yes! Slower now Mat, slow...slow...slow!"

Hearing her give me direction as to how to best pleasure her was incredibly exciting, extremely arousing. So in tune with herself, so comfortable with her ability to share that with me, I listened, following and adhering to each and every command.

"Now! Now! Now!" she began screaming.

I had captured her even harder nipples between my fingers, slightly pinching them together as my lips now pursed tightly about her hard swollen clit. I felt Ashley as she arched her back from off the bed, meeting me in a strained groan as her orgasm finally began. The depths of which eluded me as it seemed to come from somewhere deep inside her, the mewling cry of release at first hardly even noticeable until it exploded from her lips in a near ear-piercing cry of pleasure as she fell off the edge of bliss into the chasm of unbridled climax as her body shook, tensed, clenched and then released over and over as wave after wave of rolling pleasure claimed her.

My face was drenched with her silky liquids, the sweetness of her taste intoxicating. I felt the almost hurtful throb of my prick as it pressed against the sheets, desire once again aflame, the need to join and be a part of her foremost on my mind. Even so, I treaded cautiously. Although there was now much we had shared and allowed ourselves to experience with one another. I knew that to expect more than what she was comfortable with was something I would have to wait and see on. I continued to languish there between her legs, occasionally licking her without urgency, just playfully as she slowly calmed finding her breath once again.

"Oh my...that was nice," she said almost dreamily.

"You could say that again," I said taking another light feathery lick, then a kiss against her almost too sensitive pleasure nubbin. She laughed, but it was a nervous laugh that I at first heard.

"Mat? You need to know. I'm not sure we'll do this again, not saying we won't either. But out of respect for one another and out friendship, I don't want this complicating either one of our situations more than they already are," she told me honestly.

"I understand that Ashley," I assured her. "And I promise, you're the one who's in control here. If we do, or don't...will be entirely up to you. I'll respect whatever you decide, you really are the one calling the shots here."

She grinned. "I like the sound of that, sort of nice being in control of things for a change," she near whispered.

I gently kissed her pussy again. "That makes two of us," I replied. "Whatever you want..." I left off saying.

"Well, right now...I want you. Make love to me," she asked.

And we did.