  Just a simple story. i am just starting out.




Damian is an outcast, the freak in the crowd. He is 5'9 and weighs 176 lbs at 18 years old. He is semi-athletic, as he works out everyday. His eyes are the perfect shade of blue, almost as if they look into your soul. He has spiky black hair that has lime green tips. He also has snake bites and gauged ears. He always wears metal band tees and black jeans with a chained wallet and black and green checkered slip on Vans. 

Meanwhile, Caitlyn is one of the most popular girls in school. She has nice brown hair, and green eyes that gleam like emeralds. She is 5'5 and 112 lbs. and very athletic being the star volleyball player of the school. She wears expensive brand clothing and drives a nice car. She is also 18. 

The two are the type of people you just do not expect to get along, but they have lived next door to each other their whole lives. They both changed in Junior High and they don't really talk to each other anymore except at family parties, but they are not hostile to each other. Damian is bullied by all the jock types though, until one day when Caitlyn's boyfriend, the captain of the football team shoves Damian over a railing into a bush in the courtyard. 

"That is what you get emo fag," says Greg, the football captain. All of Greg's friends are laughing, but Caitlyn stands up for Damian. 

"Just leave him alone you jackass, he has never done anything wrong to you," she says before starting to walk away. Greg starts to walk after her, but sees Damian getting out of the bushes. 

"I'm tired of all the bullshit Greg, me and you right here, right now," Damian says as he takes his gauges out and puts them in his backpack. 

"I have 40 lbs on you, do you think you can take me?" Greg says as he throws his backpack and jacket off. "Don't you dare try to kiss me though, you scene fag." 

"I know I can take you, and when I do, if you ever bully another kid I will be there to shut you down," Damian says as he throws his backpack down as well. Caitlyn hears the commotion and comes back to see what is happening.

Greg rushes at Damian ready to tackle him to the ground. Damian moves to the side and throws a punch nailing Greg in the back of the head knocking him down and face first into the dirt. Greg quickly gets up and catches Damians next punch before swinging with one of his own into Damian's gut. Damian's breathe is taken away as Greg gets a few more punches in before throwing him across the courtyard. 

"I thought you knew you could take me Damian," Greg says laughing before walking to what looks like a badly beaten Damian. 

"I do," Damian says laughing getting up and quickly ducking Greg's large fist. Damian throws a punch hitting Greg in the face while he spins around. Damian uses his agility to get some more right hooks in on Greg's face while proceeding to dodge getting hit. Greg throws a kick out which Damian barely evades. "So we can kick," Damians says moving in and kicking Greg in the back of the knee. Greg falls down for a split second in which Damian puts all his might behind his fist knocking greg down even more. Damian grabs Greg by the head and then knees him in the face breaking one of Greg's canines. 

"Just stay down," Damian says as he starts to walk away. Greg however gets up and throws a cheap shit to Damian's back. Greg rolls him over and starts to punch him in the face. Caitlyn yells distracting Greg long enough for Damian to punch Greg off of him. They both get to their feet and Damian does a jumping roundhouse that knocks Greg out cold. Damian spits on him before getting his stuff and walking away.

A few hours later Damian is walking home listening to his music when someone taps him on the shoulder. He turns to find Caitlyn walking next to him. 

"Shouldn't you be tending to your gorilla?" Damian asks more harshly than he means too and feels bad when he sees Caitlyn's face.

"I kind of deserve that, but he is now my former gorilla, no one treats my oldest friend like that," Caitlyn says with a smile. 

"You still consider me a friend? We haven't talked in like three years," Damian asks while raising his eyebrows quizzically. 

"Well of course I do, I mean I may not show it, but I will always care about you Damian," Caitlyn says affectionately before kissing Damian's split lip.

Damian kind of jumps at first before asking, "Why did you just kiss me?" 

"I don't know I guess it just kind of felt right, and my kissing helps make everything better," Caitlyn answers with a wink.

"I do believe I was the doctor though, Katy," Damian says with his first smile in a long time. Caitlyn's cheeks turn beet red while Damian laughs and puts his arm around her while they walk home. 

They make it to their neighborhood and Damian is about to let Caitlyn go when she asks, "Hey are your parents home yet?" 

"No, they won't be home for another few hours, why?" Damian asks in return. 

Caitlyn puts her lips close to Damian's ear and whispers seductively, "I am a very horny teenage girl Damian." Damian's eyes get big as he picks her up and runs to his door fumbling with his keys trying to unlock it as fast as he can. He gets the door open and carries her upstairs while she giggles the whole time. Damian sets her on the bed and kisses her lips passionately like a long lost lover would. "I'm already liking this," Caitlyn says with a giggle before kissing back with just as much lust. Damian quickly removes her American Eagle shirt revealing her black and pink lace bra. He continues to kiss her while grabbing her ass which is emphasized in the yoga pants she is wearing.

Damian rolls the yoga pants down revealing panties that match her bra. He kisses her deeper before she commands him to take his shirt off. He throws his shirt somewhere and unbuckles and unzips his pants before biting her neck, making her release a small moan. He reaches back and undoes the clasp on her bra right before he throws it away from them. He moves downward and starts biting her hardening nipples before sucking on them while he slowly starts rubbing her mound through her panties which already have a wet spot. She starts to moan a little louder as he rubs her faster and faster. He finishes taking off her yoga pants and then slides her panties down to her knees. He starts to rub her clit which causes her to slightly jump from pleasure. He rubs her clit with his thumb, but easily fits a finger into her tight wet pussy. He moves it in and out while rubbing which causes her to orgasm. Surprisingly, she squirts it a few inches, which causes both of them to laugh. 

"I didn't know that I was a squirter," Caitlyn says with a smile on her face before she pushes Damian over and slides off his pants. 

"Maybe that's because your ex doesn't know how to properly please a girl," Damian says as he kicks off his jeans. 

"He never even got the chance to find out, you are the first guy to see me in my splendor," Caitlyn says kissing him again. "I've always wanted you to be my first, remember, we were gonna get married when we were older."

"So long ago, and I would love to be your first," Damian says kissing her before she goes down and starts to run her tongue up and down his shaft. She licks the tip before taking it all in her mouth. She moves her mouth up and down coating him in saliva. She continues you suck while flicking her tongue which causes him to shoot a load in her mouth. She manages to swallow it all, but just barely. 

"Will you get me a drink really quick?" Caitlyn asks swallowing a few leftover drops. 

"Yeah I will, if you want some mouthwash, there is some in my bathroom," Damian says before heading downstairs to the kitchen. He grabs two Mountain Dew Code Reds out of the fridge and heads back upstairs to find Caitlyn just waiting for him. 

"Thank you," Caitlyn says before kissing him with a minty fresh mouth. 

"You are just too cute," Damian says as they both take drinks. Damian pulls Caitlyn close to him and plants kisses all over her. 

"Thank you, and your friend needs to get up again so we can have some more fun," Caitlyn says seductively before biting his neck. "There we go," She says smiling. 

Damian opens his drawer and grabs a condom. He rips it open and puts it on before pressing the head of his dick at her wet opening. It is still tight but with all her wetness it slides in. He moves gently until he reaches her hymen. "This might hurt a little," Damian says as he thrust his hips, his 8 inch dick impaling her and breaking her hymen. She cries out in pain at first but as he gently thrust her cries of agony turn to pleasure. He slowly increases his speed and thrusts harder, his balls slapping against her ass. She is moaning louder as she reaches a climax her juices making it easier to slide in and out. 

"This is so fucking good," Caitlyn says panting. 

"You ready for some more?" Damians asks. Caitlyn nods her head agreeing. "I want you to bend over on all fours for me," Damian commands. Caitlyn does what he says and he enters her from behind. He puts his hands on her hips and then starts to thrust into her rapidly while pulling her by her hips into him. Her front arms collapse under her, and Damian continues to fuck her with her ass up in the air. She starts to moan and pant as her pussy clamps down on Damian's dick, making both of them cum. Damian pulls out and then throws the condom away, before kissing Caitlyn who is clearly exhausted. 

"That was amazing, thank you Damian," Caitlyn says slowly as she regains her breath. Damian collects her clothing for her before putting his back on. 

"Anytime, It was possibly the greatest moment of my life," Damians says holding her close to him. Caitlyn falls asleep in his arms smiling, with him following close behind.