 1. This really gorgeous hunk of a guy is kneeling between my knees. I look down at him as I lay on the bed and see him staring at my pussy with a lustful smile on his face. I spread my legs even further, inviting him to do whatever he desires. He licks his lips as he starts to lean forward, still staring at where his mouth is heading . . . 

I see a framed picture on the wall. Bright sunlight is coming in the French doors leading to the small second-story balcony of my apartment bedroom. I'm alone in my own bed, my fingers on my pussy. It's all been a dream. There's no gorgeous hunk. I'm so frustrated I could scream. So I do. As bloodcurdling, loud a scream as I can manage. Then, at the very top of my voice, as strong as my lungs can make it, I yell "I need a good fuck!"

Shit. I wonder if anyone could of heard me. I get up, my fingers stilll in my pussy, ready to really start working on my clit, my nightgown up around my waist, and waddle to the balcony. I'm going to give myself an orgasm if at all possible but my fear of embarasment comes first. I'm slow to react because half my mind is on the feeling in my pussy as I slide my fingers in the increasing juiciness. I look at the apartment house next door. No one looking out. I look back between the buildings. Nothing. To the front. Oh shit, there's a guy in the front lawn next door with a spade in his hand looking up at me. I jump back.

He's a real hunk. Beautiful guy. Did he have shorts on? He looked naked. Bare shoulders, chest. He couldn't be naked. The shorts must be tan or something. My nightgown has fallen, my hand has left myself. I sidle back to the window and try to look into the front lawn next door without being seen. He's there. I was right, he is a real hunk. Terrific body. No shirt. But, yes, he does have on shorts. And socks and shoes. He's digging in a flower bed. God, I want to fuck him. I need to fuck him. I mean, he's right there. So close. And so delicious looking. I step back, lift my nightgown and get my fingers back onto my pussy. I just need to fuck so bad. It's been way too long.

It's been three weeks since I was with a guy. My choice. When Marie, who works in the office with me, developed AIDS, it scared me. I got tested and I don't have anything, thank goodness. I guess she'd been feeling bad for a long time, maybe a couple years, and didn't go to a doctor. Finally she did and it's probably too late. I realized that a couple years ago she and I went to some clubs together to dance and find guys. I love to go to clubs and dance. It's better than a workout in a gym. Plus, you get to socialize, tease guys. It tops off the whole thing great to pick a guy and take him home, or go home with him and have some sex. So, if I had gone with whoever gave Marie AIDS, maybe I would have got it instead. I have guys use condoms mostly but sometimes the need is just too urgent, you know? Plus, it made me think back. Since my first time, back in high school when I was probably too young, I've had sex with guys a couple times a week for maybe five years. That's a lot of guys. Some of them lasted a little while and some were just once. I just enjoyed myself. Now I realize that I probably wouldn't recognize most of them if I saw them again. That's scary, too. So, even though I think a good, erect cock is the sexiest thing in the world, I stopped. But I don't think I can hold out any longer. I really need it.

So, why can't I Just go down there and tell him I need him. Get him back up here and use that great body? It's stupid. You can't do that. But why not? What's he going to do? The worst thing that can happen is, he'll say no. So what. Because he might say yes. He'll probably say yes. If I wear my skimpiest bikini. I mean, I've got a good body. Why not? Can I really do it?

2. I'm working in the flower bed of my apartment building. It's going to be hot and I have lots of things to get done today. I need to work and not think about Yvonne. That's over. She's made it obvious she's found someone else. A couple of someones if I understand her voice mail right. I realize all we had was sex. We didn't truly care about each other that much. But we were each others' firsts. I've never had anyone but her. She'd never had anyone but me. Now I guess she's having everyone. Well, I have to stop thinking about her. And about sex. All the sex we had.

There's a huge noise. Sounds like some jungle animal screaming or something. I look up. Then this loud yell, "I need a good Fuck!" Lady, where are you? I'll gladly give you as good a fuck as I can manage. Then, up on one of the balconies next door this beautiful woman comes out. Crap, her nightgown is way up, she's naked from the waist down. She's fingering herself. She looks like the Soprano's daughter on TV. Really lovely. Sexy. She looks at me and jumps back. 

I wonder if I can get a ladder that will reach that high. I can climb up and give her the fuck she says she needs. I can't do that. I'd probably end up in jail. Climbing into a strange woman's second floor apartment, uninvited. I can watch, though, and try and see her sometime coming or going and manage to say something to her. Oh well, back to work. I need to try and forget sex, not think about it all the time. She'd probably never be interested in me anyway. I need to get this bed ready, get to the nursery and then plant some flowering annuals. A better looking apartment house gets higher rents and the units stay occupied longer. And I make more money. My dad's always stressed that top returns on your investments is the only way to go. Yvonne used to complain that I thought about making money more than I did about making love to her. Shit, now that makes me think about making love to her and how good it was. 

"Hi", I hear from behind me. I turn my head to look. It's that beautiful girl from next door! Crap, she's perfect. Unbelievable body. And nothing hidden by that little bathing suit. Gorgeous. She puts out her hand. "I'm Nancy."

"Hi," I say back, turning to her. I drop the spade. "Chuck. Well, Charles. But Chuck." I take her hand.

She steps closer, holds my one hand and puts the other on my stomach. Moves her hand as if she's feeling me. "I know this is stupid," she says, "but I saw you and figured it's worth a try."

She really is gorgeous. Beautiful face, lots of dark hair. And that body. Wow. Lovely breasts almost falling out of her bra. Now, what's she saying? "Oh?, What?" Crap, Chuck, is that the best you can do?

"I mean, this isn't normal for me to do something like this," she says. sliding her one hand up onto my chest.

"Oh, do what?"

"Well, I was wondering. I mean, I saw you down here. Well. Could you come back to my place with me?"

"You're the one that just screamed and yelled a few minutes ago?"

"Well, yeah. Look. I'm sorry, I guess this is just too dumb." She takes her hand off my chest and starts to turn. I hold onto her other hand and reach out and touch her arm.

"No," I got out as quick as I could. "I want to come with you."

She smiles. Beams. She steps closer, reaches out and touches my stomach again. . Her bare hand on my bare skin. "You will?"

"Absolutely," and I hold her waist. She's firm. Great shape.

She grabs my arm. "We better go before I lose my nerve," she says and we start off to her building.

"I've been working," I say as I follow her. "I'm sorry but I'm probably sweaty."

She looks back and smiles even more. "We can shower," she says.

I don't even know what to think. We can shower. We. That means something. She's started up the stairs ahead of me. That really lovely butt is moving right in front of me. Side to side and sort of going lopsided with each step. I really want that. I reach up and get my hand on it. She looks back, down at me, and just smiles even more. At the top of the stairs she stops and turn and grabs me. Her arms up around my neck. She sort of jumps against me. I have to put my arms around her to keep from falling back. She's trying to kiss me so I lean my head down and our lips are together and her tongue is licking around inside my mouth. Then she's almost running, pulling me along to a door down the hall. We're inside and she's up against me again. Not to kiss but just to run her hands over my bare upper body. "God," she says, "you're so . . . male." Then she starts pulling me down a hall, into a bathroom.

I'm not sure how it all happens. She gets out of her bathing suit and bends over the tub and turns the water on to start the shower running. She's completely naked, facing me. Big brown nipples on those great breasts. Patch of dark hair down between her legs. Even sexier naked than with the bathing suit on. I guess I'm just standing there staring, she's so desirable and beautiful.

"Well get those shorts off," she says and comes to me, almost kneels and then starts unzipping my shorts. In just a second or so my shorts and boxers are both down to my ankles and she's staring at my very erect cock. She sounds as if she's moaning as she gets both hands to my cock and just sort of holds it, staring at it. She leans just a little and licks the head of my cock. She looks up at me. "I need this so bad," she says as she stands up. "I need this in me, lift me," she says quickly. I get my hands under her armpits and lift and at the same time she jumps, spreads her legs and gets them around me. 

She has one arm around my neck, holding on, and the other down under her holding my cock and trying to get it to her pussy. Her weight on me throws me off balance. I still have my socks and boots on, my shorts are around my ankles. I shuffle in tiny steps trying to stay upright. The room is small and after three or four of my unbalanced baby steps, her back goes up against a wooden door to a linen closet Somehow, with her hand guiding me, my weight falling against her and my trying to stay upright, I'm pinning her to the wall and my cock shoves right up into her.

Our naked bodies are pressed tightly together, her legs still wrapped around my hips, her arms around me. She lets out a loud "Uff" as she hits the wall and my cock slides into her. Her eyes are looking right at mine. Her mouth smiles and she says, "Just fuck me. Fuck me." I do. I can bend my legs a little and move my hips a little and pull out some and then shove right back in again. Every time I come out a little, her body sags or drops a little and then when I shove into her, I lift her with my cock and the force of my hips. Over and over and over. 

I've never felt like this. It's like I'm some bull in heat or something. I just pound into her. The only sounds she makes are "uffs" and exhales with every push into her. If anything, her arms and legs pull me ever tighter against her. The shower's running. Hot water probably since the little bathroom is getting full of steam. We're both perspiring and I just keep pounding into her again and again. She makes a low moan or howl and I can feel her whole body sort of jerk. I can feel some of her juice running down my legs. I just continue to pound my hips, forcing me into her and against her.

Finally, I can feel my balls sort of boiling up and I shove as far up into her as possible and just hold there as I unload loads of cum into her. Our eyes are looking at one another. It's like we're both tired. But not unhappy. If anything, the look on her face is hornier now that when we started. "That was just great," she says. "Perfect."

"Yeah. I think so, too," is all I can think of. I start pulling away from her. It's like our bodies are glued to one another with the steam and perspiration. It's actually difficult to get apart for a moment. She gets her legs down and I set her on the floor. We just stand there looking at one another. There's just something bout a truly good fuck that I guess we both appreciate. She smiles, touches my stomach, and says, "You really are male, aren't you? Just as male as can be. Animal." Then she grins. Then kisses my chest, takes my hand and turns to the tub and shower. 

I have to get my shoes and socks off and my shorts. When I turn and move to the tub, she already in it, standing under the shower, still naked and still the sexiest thing possible.

3. I'm surprised I had the nerve to go down and ask him to come back with me. I guess I really needed sex more than I had good sense. But, he came. And he's just gorgeous, A real hunk. Half naked like he is I could hardly keep my hands off him. He's big, with muscles. Must be over six feet. He doesn't have the muscle definition of some body builders but his arms are big, his chest is big and his stomach is rock hard. I did finally get him into the bathroom. He says he's sweaty from work, needs a shower. I get the water running and take off my suit and there he is just staring at me. He's still dressed. Well, I get his shorts and underwear down and there's this big, magnificent, sexy, delicious looking cock. I really want to suck it, get it in my mouth. But I need a fuck much more. He helps me as I jump up on him, wrapping my legs around him to hold myself up, and start aiming that lovely cock into me. 

He gets off balance or something and stumbles across the room until my back hits the linen closet. He keeps moving and pushes up tight against me, shoving that big cock up into me at the same time. It's heavenly. Just great. Our bodies pressed to one another, he starts fucking me like a wild animal. Just pounding into me. Exactly what I wanted, what I need. His cock fills me up. It's like my whole body is being supported on his cock, It's as far up into me as it can get. Every push of his lifts me. Every sensor in my vagina is stimulated over and over. With our bodies pushed so tight together, he rubs my clit with every movement. I have an orgasm and he just keeps pounding away. Fuck, this is so perfect. I'm half out of my mind by the time he finally cums. We just look at one another. It's been perfect. Better than any fuck I'd ever had. Of course, I realize that I've felt that way before but then this is now. I stayed tight to him as I feel his cock shrinking inside me. Then, we could barely peel apart we were so stuck together.

When we get in the tub and I adjust the shower, he washes me with soap and his bare hands. Very gentle, very thorough. He keeps telling me how beautiful I am, what a great body I have. Very sexy. He spends a lot of time at my boobs and then again at my pussy. He kisses and licks my nipples after rinsing me, then kneels and kisses at my thighs and pussy. I want him to continue but I know I want him even more. So I wash him the same way. As I get to his cock it's slowly coming up. Maybe not the biggest I'd ever seen but plenty big. And somehow just sexier than most. On my knees, I get that lovely thing in my mouth and work on it every way I can. I play with his testicles with one hand, jerk him off near the base of his cock while I suck and lick at the end. He's fully up and hard quickly. At first he just stands there and takes it. Then he gets a hand on the back of my head and starts fucking my mouth while I keep working on him. Very, very sexy. The water is running on us, my hair is soaking wet and I actually don't give a darn how I look, I just want that cock of his. I want his cum. I finally get it. So sexy. 

He tells me he may never get erect again, I've drained him. We hold each other and kiss. I turn off the water. I'm amazed there's still any hot water after all this time. I realize that if he does what he acted like he wanted to do, he'd soon be licking me and I better get clean. So I tell him I need to douche before we go into the bedroom. He acts like he's never heard of a douche. So I point at the contraption and tell him, I put water in the bag and then aim the hose thingy up into me and rinse out, that's all it is. He looks at me and gets a gleam in his eye and says he's got a better plan. 

He steps out of the tub and gets a plastic water glass then steps back in. He fills the glass with hot water and then moves down and lays on his back on the bottom of the tub. He tells me to straddle him and squat down, like a Sumo wrestler. It's almost like I'm going to sit on his face, which would be fine with me. I like that. But he says no, just stay there. I think my pussy must be a foot or so above him. He gets a mouthful of water from the glass, uses his hands to spread me open, puts his mouth lips tight up against my labia and squirts his mouthful of water into me. 

"You have a beautiful pussy," he says, "all pink and puffy, not brown and wrinkly."

"I'm glad you like it," I reply. I mean, this is very sexy. "But if it really is pink and puffy it's probably because -- I'm not complaining, I loved it -- because a couple minutes ago you were pounding the heck out of it."

He laughs and tells me to just stay there, gets another mouthful and does it again. Then he says o.k., you've just had a Chuck douche, how was it? 

I straighten up and tell him it was probably the least effective douche I'd ever had but it sure was the sexiest. We kiss again, get out of the tub and dry each other. He picks me up, carries me into my bedroom and lays me on the bed and starts feeling me and kissing me. He's all over me, kissing my boobs, sucking my nipples, kissing my stomach and legs. And then he really gets to it. I've had lots of guys eat me before and, again, maybe the one you're getting always seems best, but, boy, he really seems to like this. He's great at it. It doesn't take long and I'm having orgasm after orgasm. Then he's up over me and sliding into me again.

Fuck, this is turning out to be the sexiest morning of my life. He goes on and on. I have another orgasm. He stops moving in me and I get my legs around him and we roll

over so that I can ride him for awhile. He diddles on my clit, pushes himself up and sucks on a breast as I ride back and forth, up and down. another orgasm. That's a female advantage. I can have orgasm after orgasm. When he finally cums he'll be done for awhile. This is all so glorious, I think I'd like to just keep fucking for hours. He suggests changing position and I agree. I get on my hands and knees, head down onto the bed. He's behind me and starts pounding into me again. Fuck, I love this. I've never had so many orgasms. I can't begin to count them. I think maybe I'm stuck in one continuous one. Then, finally, I feel his cock jerking some and another load of warm semen in me. 

We're laying there, our bodies pressed together, arms around one another, moving our hands, feeling each other's bodes. "I've never had sex this good," he says. "You're the sexiest woman I've ever met. Gorgeous. Great body. And hornier than hell. You really like to fuck don't you?"

"I definitely do," I answer, kissing him.

"I could do this forever," he adds. "Marry me."

"I think this is pretty great, too," I answer. "So, yes. Sure. I'd like to do this forever too. But maybe we should wait until we know each other a little better. Find out how much we like one another with our clothes on. Not that I want to put any clothes on." I kiss him again, slide my hand down between us to grab his soft penis. I want to get it hard again. I want more sex. He might last even longer next time. 

"Maybe what I need now is another douche," I tell him

He grins, pulls me tighter against him and kisses me again.

# # #