 Generally, Eve hated conferences. Yes, it was nice to get out of town and away from the drudgery of home, but the boredom that accompanied days of listening to would-be scholars drone on about their topics was enough to put her over the edge. She did, however, enjoy the nice hotel rooms, especially if they came with crisp white sheets and a bathroom with a nice tub and separate shower. This year, she had popped for an upgrade to a suite just for the Jacuzzi tub. 

Eve knew a few people at the conference, as generally it was the same people every year. This year she noticed a cute professor from Pennsylvania who presented a paper on war and conflict, always a hot topic. She may have met him before, but he looked different somehow this year. After his presentation she walked up to mention that she enjoyed it.

"I'm Eve, and I really enjoyed your perspective on that topic. Generally it's the same old thing and your take was a little different." She said.

"Oh, thank you," he said, almost with a blush in his clean-shaven cheeks. He had short brown hair just peppered with enough gray to actually look like the stereotypical distinguished professor. "I'm Henry," he said, extending his hand. 

Even shook his hand and thought she felt a jolt of energy between them. She remembered now why she didn't recognize him. He used to have a moustache, but this year was delightfully clean shaven. They chatted a little bit more about his paper and then Eve walked off to the next presentation.

Later that afternoon Eve checked into her room at the conference hotel. It did have a nice king-sized bed and a gorgeous bathroom. Eve set her suitcase down and began unpacking. She noticed a door in the wall. Curious, she opened it. It led to another door, which must be the door to the next room. Ever more curious, Eve tried the handle. It was unlocked. Eve tried it and opened up the next room. On walking in she saw that professor, Henry, in the next room!

"Oh, excuse me!" she said, startled.

Henry looked up from the newspaper he was reading, looking quite started as well! "Oh, hello there, Eve is it?"

She was surprised he remembered her name, especially in this situation. "Yes, it's Eve. I am so sorry, I was just wondering where the door went, I didn't think it would be unlocked!"

Henry laughed gently, his eyes smiling. "Well you found me," he said.

Eve laughed, too. "I didn't mean to barge in," she said, this time she was the one blushing.

"It's no problem at all," he said with a gleam in his eyes, "Hotel rooms are odd the way they adjoin. At least now we'll know who is on the other side of the door."

Eve agreed and gracefully, she thought, exited back into her room, laughing to herself. She unpacked and went to dinner with a few conference friends.

When she returned to her room she kicked off the heels she had been in all day and stripped out of her suit. She grabbed her favorite t-shirt out of her suitcase. She couldn't wait to get comfortable. 

Standing in her v-neck t-shirt and her thong Eve thought she heard something through the wall. Hotel walls are notoriously thin. Knowing that it was the cute Henry next door, Eve listened closely. It was just the television, she thought. She walked over to the door that separated the rooms and slowly opened her door, trying not to make much noise. She was surprised to see that his door was not only unlocked, it was actually slightly ajar, almost like an invitation. 

Eve gently pushed his door open and peered into the next room. She heard the television louder, and was sure it was a porno he was watching. She looked around and saw him on the bed. He was lying back, reclining on the pillows. His head was tilted back and his eyes were almost closed, but he was focusing on the television, which was located on the wall just to the right of the door. Eve had a perfect view of him, but her head was obstructed form his view by the door. He was naked and Eve could see his curly chest hair. Looking down his tight body, Eve saw that he was grasping a beautiful hard on. His hands encircled his erect penis leaving the thick, wide head exposed. He was rubbing up and down, his hands moving quickly. He was making noises, small moans. Eve was a bit surprised to see him spread out like that and found herself becoming damp watching him. He moved his left hand up and down his hard shaft in a steady rhythm. His right hand moved down to massage his balls. Eve must have made a small gasp. While still keeping the steady movement on his cock, Henry turned his head and looked at the door. He made eye contact with Eve.

She was embarrassed to be standing there, watching him. But she could not move. Henry locked eyes with her, and continued to stroke his cock. Surprised that he didn't jump up and tell her to get back into her room, Eve felt herself become more damp. Henry gave her a look and ever so slightly moved his head, as if to invite her in. Eve slowly entered his room. 

"Hello again," he said, hands still on his cock. "Hello," Eve said, barely able to speak. "Don't just stand there at the door," he said, his eyes looking her up and down. He white t-shirt was sheer enough to show the outline of her breasts and her nipples were hard and pressing against the fabric. Her wet pussy was still hidden behind the turquoise thong she was wearing. 

Eve slowly walked in, and turned to close the door, knowing that Henry would get a glimpse of her exposed ass cheeks. He moaned a bit louder as she turned around to close the door and then turned back to him. 

With his hands still stroking his cock, which seemed even more erect than before, Henry said, "Eve you look lovely this evening. Come closer"

Eve blushed, but walked a bit closer to him. She could see that his penis was good sized and that his head was thick and enlarged. The sight of him, and the rhythm of his stroking, were causing her clit to become enlarged itself, and press against the thin fabric of her thong. 

"Do you like to watch?" he asked her?

Eve didn't know the answer to that question, but responded, "I like watching you." Feeling excited and brave, Eve took her hand and rubbed her pussy, finding the fabric of the thong had become completely wet. 

Seeing her touch herself, Henry moaned even louder and began stroking faster. Eve took a few steps closer to his bed. She was now close enough to touch him. Keeping her right hand on her wet pussy, Eve reached out with her left hand and stroked his leg. She rubbed from his knee up towards his thigh. Henry let out another moan, at her touch. Eve could see drops of pre-cum glistening at the top of the head of his cock. She let out a slight moan herself.

Eve spread her legs slightly and with her right hand, wriggled out of her thong.

"Oh God," Henry said. 

Seeing that reaction, Eve took her hand off his leg and used both hands to take her t-shirt off over her head. Her red hair tumbled out and framed her face and her neck. She was standing there, in front of him, completely naked. She put her hand back on his leg.

"May I?" Henry asked.

Eve nodded.

He reached out and stroked her inner thigh, rubbing his hand from her knee to up where her wet pussy was waiting. He barely grazed where her thigh and pussy came together. Eve tossed her head back and gasped at his touch. She reached her hand out and grasped his erect cock and continued the movements he had been making. Her hand tightened around his thick shaft and she felt him respond. She shifted her legs and now stood further apart. In response, he moved his hand up and felt the outside of her lips. The both moaned together when he touched her. She tightened her grip on his cock and felt his pre-cum dribble onto her hand. 

She slowly knelt close to his bed. Although it moved her wet pussy out of his reach, it brought her head closer to the head of his cock. She looked him in the eyes and she lowered her mouth to him. He moved his hand from her pussy and traced his way up to her breasts. He began to fondle and knead her breast, his finger in circles around her nipple. 

Eve leaned down further and took his cock in her mouth. She circled her tongue around his head and tasted his salty per-cum. Henry let out an enormously loud moan. He continued to fondle her breast as she took his entire length in her hungry mouth. He head ground back into the pillows as she swallowed him whole and began to thrust back and forth. 

She took her hands and placed one on his thick shaft. The other she used to massage his balls. In response, Henry opened his legs. While still working her mouth on his cock, her right hand still grasping his shaft, Eve took his cue and moved her left hand from his balls to rub her finger up and down between his balls and his asshole. Henry's cock jerked and his moans became even louder. 

Eve took her finger and began to circle his asshole gently. More pre-cum leaked out his head and into her mouth. Eve swallowed it greedily as she put a little more pressure on his asshole. Henry pushed back against her but then relaxed and opened up. She moved her fingertip into his asshole. He twitched and bucked and she tightened her grip on his cock. She moved her mouth back and used just her tongue on his delicate head. Her other hand moved her finger further into his smooth asshole, just past his first tight ring. As soon as her finger moved in, Henry began twitching, bucking, moaning and writhing in pleasure. His cock tightened in her grip. Eve opened her mouth and took in the full length of his cock, while pushing her finger further into his asshole. She curled her finger up and felt his spongy prostate. At that moment, Henry could contain it no longer and Eve felt the explosion of cum into her mouth. It was hot and salty and she swallowed each and every thrust. His cock went deeper into her soft, wet mouth and she opened her throat and swallowed each bit of cum. 

"Oh God! Oh God!" Henry exclaimed. 

Eve slowly moved her finger out of his asshole and felt it close behind her. She massaged his balls very gently and moved her mouth off of his sticky-but-shrinking cock. She gave him a final lick and looked up at him. His hair was tinged with sweat and his face looked so serene.

"I'm so glad that you're the girl next door," he said.