 I can hardly believe nearly forty years have passed since I was a rookie cop in New Jersey. I was just 22 when hired in early 1969. I was just out of college and was, in fact, the first member of my department to have a college degree. This is quite likely my final story for Literotica as I am anticipating moving to Europe where I expect to languish on a Mediterranean Island in semi-retirement. It seems fitting that I close out my writing on this site with a story about my first girlfriend as a cop all those years ago. Her name was Jill and she was a stunner. She was 18 when we began to date, but I noticed her often around town during her senior year in high school. Of course, I had to bide my time until she was legal; then I made my move.

Jill was the eldest of three children born to Bill and Arlene. Her sister Bess was several years younger and Bill, Jr.-or Billy-was five years younger. They lived in one of the oldest houses in town, built in the early 1800's and expanded a number of times over the years. I was on the job about a few weeks when I first saw Jill getting out of her car by the deli. My jaw dropped when I saw those legs for the first time; long, lean and lovely. Jill was wearing a mini-skirt and she looked great!! Jill's face was adorable. She had dark eyes and long, straight dark hair. Her body was perfect, from her feet to her shoulders; fine round ass, nice feminine breasts that were not huge but not tiny either. I parked away from the deli and pretended to write a report until she left. Watching her move was a treat; seeing her enter her car became a show. I watched as she drove away, parked my car and went into the deli where my buddy Ben was the owner. I asked him if he knew anything about the young goddess he had just waited on and he gave me more info than I expected. He told me her name-Jill-where she lived and after he had me primed, he dropped the bomb, telling me she was just 17. Damn. I filed the information away in my memory and moved on, knowing this was nothing that would work out for now.

That summer our police department entered a team in the men's recreational softball league run by the high school athletic department. Our team was terrible but we all enjoyed the games twice a week, especially the post-game beer drinking. Our third game of the season had us playing against the one of the local service organizations, the Optimist Club as I recall. In their cheering section, to my great pleasure was Jill. I was hoping she wasn't there to cheer on her boyfriend. She wasn't. On my first at bat, I hit a sharp, low liner deep into the third base area, where the opposition had an old grey-haired guy with glasses playing. He picked up the ball deftly just as it hit the ground and made a spectacular throw to first, just getting me out. Jill was sitting right behind first base and she began cheering for the third baseman who nailed me-her father. She and her mother heckled me good naturedly and I returned to my teammates. After the game, we congratulated the winners and I made a point of seeking out Jill's dad to congratulate him on a terrific catch and a better throw. He thanked me with a handshake and a smile, just as wife and daughter joined him. I made a comment about his cheering section and joined my team for some cold beer.

Jill and I ran into each other occasionally over the next year. I tried to seek her out and tried hard to make it seem accidental. After a few months, we would chat for awhile about nothing important. Naturally, I had looked her up in the motor vehicle computer to find out when she would be turning 18. It wasn't until the following June. I hated it but I had to wait. Who knows, she may have even blown me off. But, of course, if she had, this wouldn't be much of a story.

Winter came and went. I went off to the police academy in the final quarter of the year. It was a live in affair for eight weeks down at the Jersey shore, where the wind ripped in off the ocean and chilled you to the bone. Finally, it was over and back to the job I went, certification in hand. I kept my eye on Jill whenever I could, though I wasn't fanatical about it. I always had other things to do and women to date. Still, when Spring was about to turn into Summer, I made a point to find Jill. One day in early June I accidentally ran into her at the deli again. She smiled and waved when she saw me, so I knew the ice was broken. I held the door for her as we went into the deli together. The place was packed so we had to wait. I decided to make my move. I asked Jill if she had graduated yet and she said, "no, we don't graduate until next week-on my birthday of all days." 

"Well, that will be a big day for you. Are you doing anything special to celebrate?"

"I was going to go to a graduation party but I don't have anyone to go with."

Omigod, this was perfect. "Are you looking for a volunteer?"

"I'd love one-are you volunteering?"

"You bet I am."

Jill gave me her number and asked me to call her a couple of days in advance to finalize everything. She then broke the bad news: "You have to wear a suit and tie."

"It's okay, I clean up nice. I wasn't planning to wear my uniform." We both laughed and I was good to go.

Jill's birthday and graduation was on Thursday, so I called her on Monday. She told me what she was going to wear and went on extensively as a young girl would be expected to do when celebrating two big events simultaneously. She told me her girlfriends were ribbing her about dating an older man. 23 and I'm an "older man." So be it.

I didn't want to appear over anxious, so I simply sent Jill a dozen roses for her birthday/graduation, figuring flowers were always welcome and would not be construed as conveying an inappropriate message to her family.

The big day arrived and I arranged to meet Jill at her home after graduation, where she would change for the party, which began at ten. Jill looked sensational in her "little black dress" which she wore with very high heels. I could tell she was braless, which made my cock twitch a bit. The party was at a local country club. We had a nice time, though I felt a bit out of place with nearly everyone being younger than me. But, being with Jill after all these months dreaming about it, made it all worthwhile. I won a door prize-a manicure and pedicure-which I gave to Jill. I'm not much of a dancer, but we did manage to squeeze in one slow dance. The floor was so crowded; nobody noticed my lack of rhythm. But I noticed Jill grinding her pussy into my now throbbing cock. I couldn't wait to be alone with her.

We left the party around 2:30 in the morning with a group of Jill's girlfriends and their dates, all of whom wanted to have breakfast at the diner. I went along, but my mind was somewhere else, in Jill's pants.

We left the diner at 4:00 in the morning. I had to be at work in three hours. My car was on the far side of the parking lot in a rather remote spot. I had a brand new bright yellow VW Beetle, my first new car. I was determined to at least make out with Jill for a few minutes, even if I had to do it right there. I reached over to Jill and pulled her to me. I kissed her for the first time on the lips and it was pure heaven. Our tongues sought each other and my hands began to roam all over her body. It was everything I had thought it would be; soft, yet firm. I felt her boobs from outside her dress as there was no other way to reach them without taking the dress off. They responded to my touch nicely; nipples hardening. Jill sighed. I decided to go for it and put my hands between her legs, which seemed to open automatically, giving me access to the promised land. To my great surprise and delight, Jill wore no panties.

"I took them off in the ladies room."

"Thanks." I took that as a good sign and approached her pussy gently. It was drenched! I immediately lubricated my finger with her juices and quickly found her clit. I rolled it in my fingers for what seemed like just a few seconds and Jill came. 

"Please don't stop," she pleaded. "I've wanted this for so long. You have no idea. Make me cum again." Within five minutes Jill had cum a half dozen times. It was amazing. She was like a rapid fire orgasm machine. Her pussy was on fire. I was loving it and wanted more but the time and being dressed in a parked car was frustrating. I withdrew from her pussy and held her tight.

"We have to go, it's very late and I have to be at work in a couple of hours." I couldn't believe I had the strength to leave this situation. But, I really had to. "Can I see you tonight and maybe we can take up where we had to leave off now?"

"Omigod, that's a long time to wait. When can you pick me up?"

"How about seven? That will give me a chance to get a short nap after work. We can go to my house where we can be comfortable and alone. "

"Before you take me home, there's something I have to do." Jill broke my embrace and reached over to my pants and pulled my zipper down. Then, she reached in and pulled out my cock, which was still rock hard. In an instant, she was sucking and licking it. It was incredible. Then, just as suddenly, she stopped and gently put my cock back in my pants, zipped me up and said "Seven it is, I just wanted to give you something to look forward to."

"Oh, man, seven o'clock can't come soon enough for me." I drove Jill home, kissed her goodnight on the porch and drove two miles to my house, an old 3 bedroom colonial I shared with two other guys. I set the alarm for 6:30 and quickly fell asleep. My ass was dragging that day at work. We weren't very busy, so the time passed slowly. All I could think about was Jill's lips wrapped around my cock. Finally, my shift was over. I raced home and went back to sleep. When I got up, I showered, tidied up a bit and put fresh sheets on my bed and headed over to Jill's.

"Wow! You look beautiful, Jill." She was wearing a mini-skirt with a halter top. This girl was positively breathtaking. "Thank you, sir." The rest of the family had gone to the mall, so we left right away. We were both hungry so we stopped for some Chinese takeout, which we took to my place. My roommates were also cops. One was asleep, the other working when we got there. Our house was on four wooded acres, so it was quite private. We even had a four foot high pool, which was used a lot during the hot and sticky New Jersey summers.

Jill and I gobbled down our dinner and headed for the bedroom. She was undressing before we reached the door. By the time I took my shirt off, Jill was completely naked and lying on the bed.

"Hurry up, big boy. Don't keep me waiting." She was a vision. This was the first time I saw her naked and she made me gulp aloud. She was beautiful and her body was perfect. I didn't know what to do next. I loved looking her over but I couldn't wait to touch her. I lay down next to her and put my arm around her. I loved the feel of her soft, smooth skin next to mine. Her tits had no sag to them. The nipples were silver dollar sized and pink. She was tan all over except those spots that would be covered by a bikini. Her ass was to die for. But, above all, her face was angelic. She put her hand on my chest. We were both very comfortable.

"You know it killed me to leave you last night," I told her honestly. "Especially after you gave me that short sample."

"I hoped you would like that."

"That's an understatement. It's all I thought about all day. I was at an auto accident this afternoon and all I could think about was you sucking my cock. It could have been embarrassing."

"Well, we have all night. Let's not waste a minute of it."

I kissed her with considerable passion. We made out for a long time; petting and caressing one another endlessly. I loved the responsiveness of her nipples, which hardened the instant I touched them. I rubbed her back and her neck. She stroked my chest and ass. I loved the softness of her thighs and touched them as she spread her legs invitingly. But I never touched her pussy until she begged me to. 

"Please, touch me where it counts. I need it so bad." Still I teased her.

Jill squirmed shamelessly until I just had to help her. But, instead of touching her with my hand, I went to my knees on the floor, between her legs. I studied her pussy as I approached it. She was neatly trimmed and clearly aroused. An aroma of sex was in the air. My cock was standing at attention. I separated the lips of her sweet pussy, and began to pleasure her orally. Like the night before, Jill began to cum almost the minute my tongue made contact with her. One orgasm after another. Non-stop. Her hips were in motion instantly, grinding her pussy against me. She moaned. She gurgled. She shouted out encouragement. But, she never stopped cumming. Finally, I was near exhaustion. My face covered with her juices, I had to get back up on the bed. I collapsed beside her. Her eyes were closed and she had a smile of satisfaction on her face."

"How can you come like that? You're amazing."

"I don't know. Once I start, I just can't stop. It's scary sometimes. Wonderful but scary."

We lay side-by-side for a few minutes, both of us a bit out of breath. Jill came alive first. She grabbed my now soft cock. "I bet I have had 50 orgasms. You haven't had any. I need to fix that." She stroked my dick until it was hard, and then began sucking it. It was wonderful. For a young girl, she had great technique, sucking and stroking. Her tongue danced over the sensitive spot on the underside, just below the head. She stopped momentarily as I was about to cum and looked me in the eyes.

"Whenever you're ready, just cum in my mouth."

"I was ready in the car last night. Believe me this won't take long."

Jill bobbed up and down for another thirty seconds. I felt that familiar and unforgettable feeling that tells me there is no turning back. I grunted with immense pleasure and shot my load into her waiting mouth. She didn't flinch. She didn't slow down. She kept going, swallowing as she sucked. I pumped a massive quantity of cum into her. Seven, maybe eight hard spurts. My orgasm seemed to last forever. I was still tingling as she released my softening cock. I pulled her back to me and held her in the afterglow. I think we both snoozed a bit, but only for a few minutes. I looked at the clock and it was not quite nine o'clock. We were just beginning.

I thought a shower would be refreshing and Jill agreed. So, we got up and headed upstairs to the bathroom. At the top of the steps, we were met by my roommate, Jack Winker, who had just gotten up. We were both naked and there was no way to cover up, so I introduced Jack to Jill and we all laughed and headed for the bathroom. Jill and I got into the shower and Jack stood there, taking a piss while watching us. He offered to help Jill shower but she laughed and quickly declined. Jack went back into his room to wait for his turn in the shower. We toweled off and headed back to my room. I felt like a new man. 

Jill and I embraced and relaxed. We spent some time cuddling as we talked. It turned out Jill had been as interested in me as I was in her for quite some time. Her dad was on the Ambulance Corps and he was enthusiastic about his daughter dating one of the local cops. Jill planned to attend the Community College in the fall as she decided what she wanted to do with her life. Jill was a serious person with a wonderful sense of humor. She was not into the drug scene, didn't smoke or drink. Sometimes a relationship begins with hot sex, and then peters out when somebody realizes there isn't much more than that. Jill had a lot of mature thoughts to go along with her delightful personality and looks. She was the whole package.

Jill and I made out a little more. I turned around and we got into a few minutes of 69. She was on top and I enjoyed the touch of her tits on my belly as she sucked me. Then, Jill directed me to lie on my back. She positioned herself with one leg on either side of me as she kneeled on the bed. Then she stroked my cock, until it was at maximum hardness. She lowered her pussy onto my cock slowly, feeling each inch as the connection was made. She threw her head back and her hair flew in all directions. Her eyes were closed and she had a look of pure pleasure on her face as my cock reached the bottom of her pussy. She remained still briefly as we both enjoyed the moment. Jill stimulated her nipples with her fingertips and began to rock slowly on my cock. I took the opportunity to seek out her clit and rub it softly as she built up the speed of her pelvic motions. 

Jill cried out as the orgasms began again. This girl was a sex machine. 

We fucked with her on top for a few minutes, while I enjoyed the view of her tits bouncing and the look of pure passion on her face as she had orgasm after orgasm.

"Let's switch positions. Fuck me from behind." Jill knelt on the bed with her head in her arms as I mounted her from the rear. I grabbed her by the hips and pounded her relentlessly as she stimulated her clit to what seemed like dozens of orgasms.

We finished up that night with a move to the missionary position. "Don't cum in me. I'm not on the pill." I have pretty good control so that wasn't a problem. We fucked with me on top for a few minutes. I could control the action, so I decided to fuck her slow and deep, every stroke going to the bottom of her pussy. She continued to cum repeatedly. Finally, I was pooped and rolled off.

It was almost 11:00 and we had been having sex nearly non-stop for close to four hours. Jill must have cum a hundred times. "I don't know how you do it," I told her. "I wouldn't be able to move if I came like that."

"Is that a complaint?"

"Nope, a compliment."

"Well, let's get you off again. Lie on your back. And hand me my purse." I did so and she reached in and came out with a small bottle of lotion. 

"I'm going to jerk you off, so I can watch you shoot. I love that, she giggled"

My dick was already hard. She applied a quantity of the white cream to her hand and then spread it around all over my cock. I have to admit, I was beginning to get a little sore. But the cream felt great. Jill rested her weight on her left hand and jerked me with her right. She knew exactly where to apply pressure and I responded. Now and then, Jill would change the pace a bit by rubbing my balls with her slippery hand. Every touch felt great. I closed my eyes and let her work. It didn't take long and I was ready to blast off. Jill realized I was about to cum and she increased the tempo of her stroking. Finally, that sexual energy shot through me and my cock exploded. The first spasm sent a wad of cum two feet in the air. Jill watched with happy fascination and continued to stroke more cum from me. Six more spurts covered her hand with cum. I continued to ooze a bit as she slowed down her efforts. My stomach was also cum-covered. I handed Jill a towel and she cleaned us off.

"That is so cool, watching you cum like that. I love knowing I can make that happen."

"You should be on my end of it. You're unbelievable."

It was now almost midnight. Jack had left to work his shift. Gordon, my other roommate wasn't home yet. So, upstairs we went, for another shower. Ten minutes later, we headed back to the bedroom. On the way down the stairs, we ran into Gordon, who was on his way up. "Well, now both your roommates have seen me naked!," Jill laughed. "I suppose all the mystery is gone."

Jill and I went back to bed, where we just cuddled for a while. This had been one of the great nights of my life, with one of the best girls I had ever been with. Jill was a keeper in every sense of the word.

I took Jill home that night knowing that she would always be one of the great girls in my life, no matter what happened next. We continued to see each other for several years. Jill was wonderful to spend time with; always positive and fun to be with. And, sexually, we were very compatible. Jill was the most responsive and uninhibited woman I have ever known. She was up for anything, anytime and anywhere. I would often diddle her as we drove. She could cum a dozen times before we got to the restaurant or theatre. I could make her cum while stopped at a light or waiting in line to pay a toll. She was inexhaustible.
