 There she was again "my god she is gorgeous," he thought. She moved in a few months ago her name is Rebecca "MMMM Becca, god she's hot." He thought as he watched her from his window. She was out on her lawn every morning doing yoga in those tight little pants. Today she was wearing a pink sports bra with black yoga pants. The top of the pants folded down to reveal a strip of matching pink on the waistband and her insanely beautiful belly. "MMM yes Becca bend just like that." He thought as his hand moved down to adjust. 

"He's watching me again," she thought as she bent into the Trikonasana pose. A smile stretched across her face as she thought about him watching her. It gave her a thrill to know that he watched her every morning. "God he's hot," She thought. 

She met him when she moved in, he offered to help with a box she was struggling with. He was out mowing his lawn and was wearing a pair of torn and faded jeans and no shirt, it was tucked into his back pocket. When she turned and saw him all muscled and sweaty she got flustered and that was what made her struggle with the box. But she wasn't going to tell him that. "Sure, if you don't mind. Don't want to interrupt your lawn work." She told him balancing the box and shifting it from one hip to the other.

"It'll hold," He said reaching out and taking the box from her. For the next few hours he helped her caring in all the boxes then they sat and had some sweet tea as they talked. They bumped into each other a few more times over the next couple months but nothing really came of it, just a few neighborly hello's and a couple it's been a while's. 

He had tried to get her attention over the past few months even going so far as to time his coming and goings around her just for the chance of seeing her. It worked a few times but nothing came of it because he didn't have the courage to ask her out. So, instead he just got up early every morning to watch her from his window while she exercised in the yard. "Man you're pathetic," he scolded himself as he adjusted again.

She was staying out a little longer every morning because it excited her to know he was watching. As she bent to the Downward-Facing Dog she imagined what it would feel like to have his hands on her.

"Jesus!" he thought as he exhaled the breath he was holding.

If he didn't make a move soon she was going to have to she thought as she finished up and bent to roll her mat. She walked over and picked up her towel and went inside. "Dammit! What's a girl have to do?" She said aloud as she threw her mat and towel to the floor. Then a smile crossed her face as she walked to her bedroom. 

Usually after her workout she came inside closed her curtain and stripped down for her shower. Today she thought she would keep it open and hope that he was still watching.

He usually waited when she went inside and watched for a little longer. Today was different, normally the curtain would close and he would go into the bathroom and jerk off in the shower. But she forgot to close the curtain and he watched as she walked around her room. He stepped forward a little and continued to watch. 

"I hope he's watching," she thought as she grabbed the waistline of her yoga pants and seductively slid them down over her ass and down her legs. She was wearing a pair of lacey pink boxers that were already a little wet.

"Oh come on!" He said out load as his heart thumped in his chest. He reached down to adjust again and started to rub himself through his jeans.

She walked over to her nightstand and pulled out a vibrator and climbed onto her bed.

"That a girl." He said as he unbuttoned his jeans.

She positioned herself at the end of the bed to give him the best view possible and then took off her sport bra and boxers.

"Oh yes!" he said as his jeans and boxers dropped to the floor. His cock was already throbbing and pre cum dribbled out of the tip. He ran this thumb over it as he gripped his cock and started to stroke himself.

The thought that he was watching her had her so horny that she was already about to cum. She ran her hands over her swollen breast and pinched her nipples. "Mmmm," she purred. Bringing the vibrator to her lips she opened her mouth and licked it to moisten it.

His hand squeezed tighter around his cock when he saw her licking the vibrator. He slowed his strokes because he could feel himself about to cum.

Moving her hand down she slid her finger through the wet folds of her pussy parting them and rubbed herself. Her hips lifted as her finger slid inside. She took her finger out and brought it to her lips opening her mouth she tasted herself.

"Fuck!" he yelled as he started stroking his throbbing cock again. He closed his eyes and imagined himself there on her bed with her. He imagined it was his fingers inside her. He imagined it was him tasting her. "Oh God!" he hissed as he rubbed his cock faster.

She turned on the vibrator and moved it down to her dripping wet pussy. As soon as it touched her clit her head shot back and she yelled out. Her hips bucked into her hand and she worked it franticly over her pussy.

"Oh my God yes!...That's so hot baby!... Fuck yourself!... Cum baby, cum for me!" He grunted as he squeezed and jerked his hand up and down his throbbing shaft.

She slid the vibrator inside herself and rubbed her swollen clit with her other hand. Her pussy was so wet and slick and her hips were bucking up and down in rhythm with her hands.

He jerked and squeezed his cock as he watched her fuck herself. His free hand palmed the wall for support as he exploded. Hot cum shot out of him as his cock pulsated and he continued to rub himself milking every last drop.

Her fingers worked at her clit rapidly as the vibrator touched her internal g spot. Her head shot back and she screamed out. She bucked wildly as tiny shudders vibrated through her, her insides twitching and closing around the vibrator. Afterword she laid there not moving for a minute as the vibrations settled.

He watched her as she came still rubbing his semi hard cock. After a few minutes she threw the vibrator on the bed and stood up stretching. Slowly she walked toward the window and once in front of it she smiled and made a come hither gesture with her finger. 

"What the hell, did she just call me over there?" He took a step back and waited.

She stood in the window looking at his house. She knew he was definitely there watching because she saw his curtain move. She decided to try again but this time she waved.

"Jesus what do I do?" he thought as he watched her stand naked in front of her window. He decided to take a chance and stepped out in the open where she could see him.

"Oh my," she thought. "He's naked too, I wonder if he was doing the same thing." It was a little too late for shyness now so she pushed aside her usual reaction and lifted her hand to wave again.

He returned a wave and smile of his own and lifted his hands and shoulders as if to say "What was I supposed to do?"

She laughed and took a chance lifting her hand she made another come hither gesture with her finger. 

Within a couple minutes he had put on his clothes and shoes and was knocking on her front door. He heard the peephole guard slide and then the locks clicked. His breath caught in his lungs when she opened the door and was naked in front of him. 

"Oh my..." He began.

She silenced him with a finger to his lips then grabbing his hand she pulled him inside and closed the door. No words were spoken as she reached for his shirt and pulled it over his head. He regained his composure and stepped forward closing the distance. With one hand around her waist and the other on the back of her neck he pulled her against him and his mouth crushed down on hers. His tongue slid out and pressed against her lips demanding entry, when she parted them he deepened the kiss pressing her to the wall.

Their mumbled moans and breaths were swallowed by one another as they devoured each other in turn, each giving and taking with hunger and greed. The months of pent-up frustration bubbling to the surface taking each one to the precipice. She reached down between their bodies and unbuttoned his jeans. Sliding the zipper down she reached inside and gripped him moaning as she did. He broke the kiss and backed away long enough to rid himself of his clothing. As he stepped forward to reclaim her she pressed her hands to his chest to halt him. The look of confusion quickly vanished as she dropped to her knees in front of him.

His deep guttural growl had her smiling as she wrapped her mouth around him and took the length of his shaft like a seasoned wanton concubine. His hands reached down and pulled her hair into messy handheld pigtails on either side of her head, then used them to pull her close. She expertly worked the length of him using both her mouth and hands. His hips began to rock and rotate as he pumped himself into her mouth. Her teeth grazed the shaft as she bobbed her head up and down the length. Then she took him from her mouth and licked him from the base to the tip then back down again all while staring seductively into his eyes. His deep throaty moan recharged her and she took him back into her mouth and sucked him vigorously. His hips bucked and jerked as his head fell back and he yelled out. 

"Fuck! Ahhhhh..." 

She continued to suck and lick and jerk until she felt him tighten knowing he was closing to Cumming. She moved her mouth up to the tip and sucked hard pulling it in and out of her lips as her hand worked the shaft. His legs stiffened and he fisted his hands tighter into her hair and pulled on her. Moving her hands she let him press his length completely into her mouth until her lips touched the base. He started to fuck her mouth in quick deep thrusts then slowed pulling completely out then pressing back in. Her mouth and throat stretch to accommodate his swollen thickness as he pumped. He pressed in deep and held it there then as he grunted and hissed he pulled himself out and jerked his shaft until he came into her parted lips. He watched as squirt after squirt shot into her mouth and throat her tongue darting out to capture every drop. Leaning forward she took him back into her mouth and sucked and licked him until his cock stopped throbbing. Grabbing her on either side of her face he pulled her to her feet and pressed his lips to hers. His excitement grew when he tasted the saltiness of his orgasm on her tongue. He continued to devour her mouth as if he were a starving man and she were his food. 

He lifted her into his arms and brought her to the couch sitting her down he came to the floor in front of her. "My turn," he said as he spread her legs to examine her. Her already wet pussy glistened in the light like a flower petal moist with the morning dew. He reached out and using his finger he parted her, sliding from her clit down then back up. Then bringing the finger to his lips he sucked it while looking into her eyes. She let out a soft moan as she watched him taste her and marveled in the profoundly erotic feelings he was inviting into her. He brought his finger back to her folds but this time he slid it inside her. It was his turn to moan as he felt the warmth of her as her body folded around his finger. Pulling it out he reentered but with two fingers. She lifted her hips in response and when she did he inhaled her scent. The smell pulled him to her like a magnet and he lowered his head.

With his fingers still inside her his tongue darted out to taste her. He ran his tongue up and down the same path his finger had taken moments earlier. He inhaled deeply as he licked and sucked pulling her folds and clit into his mouth. He continued to work her into a frenzy until her hips bucked and her hands tried to push at him. Pulling his fingers out he placed his hands on her hips to hold her still and he sucked and licked her clit with lustful need. He wanted her climax, needed it. He reached his hands down below her ass and lifted her up to his mouth sucking and licking. Her head rocked back and forth as she screamed out 

"Yes!... Yes!..."

Her hands fisted in his hair and she pressed his face into her as her hips lifted trapping him there. An intense heat grew in her belly like a ripple on water and she exploded, erupting into a mass of tremors and shakes. Her hips bucked as the quaking rose and fell. He continued to lick her as her legs released their tension and she collapsed, sated.

He stood to his feet and took her hands pulling her up with him then turning her around he pushed at her so she kneeled on the couch. He spread her legs from behind and without waiting for her to prepare he pushed his cock inside her. A rush of air hissed through his teeth as he entered her, she was warm and welcoming. He gripped her hips then slammed into her hard and fast as she screamed out in pain and pleasure. She started to rotate her hips around him as he plunged into her. He could feel himself building again, he was close. Her short moans and gasps had him so aroused that he couldn't get enough. He had to have her, to make her his. He pulled out and press her down rolling her over, he had to look into her eyes when she came.

He entered her again pressing his lips to hers kissing her passionately. Their collective moans and shouts filling the air around them. Her hips lifted as he thrusted into her matching his pace and her legs wrapped around him. 

"Open your eyes," He breathed. She did as he asked. "Tell me you're mine,"

"I'm yours," she panted.

"Again" he said.

"I'm yours," she screamed as she exploded for a second time. 

"Keep them open, look at me," he grunted as he came inside her. Their eyes locked and at that moment something unspoken passed between them. His mouth crushed hers again and he swallowed her screams.

Minutes passed and they laid there locked together as their breathing slowed. He lifted his head and looked at her then smiled.

"What?" she asked returning his smile.

"So, I was thinking. You want to go out on a date?" he asked, and they both laughed.