 The heat hit my like a train and I began to sweat profusely. I searched for my sunglasses half blind from the glaring light and when I found them and had put them on I looked around for my bus.

There were close to a hundred people milling around the exit doors at Ibiza airport that Sunday in mid-August. I saw several large buses parked in neat rows and one of them was the L60 which was mine.

People looked at me as they passed and I must have been an odd sight, dressed in a three-piece black suit, loafers and carrying an umbrella in one hand and a small suitcase in the other. I had left for the airport directly after working half a day. 

I saw a young woman dressed in a uniform and decided to ask her where the bus was instead of walking around aimlessly in the heat, slowly melting away.

"Hi, do you know where L60 is?" I asked.

She looked at me from top to bottom and then said with a smile, "over there, in parking B."

"Thank you."

I found the bus and it looked like I was the first one there. The driver was missing so I stood under a small tree that gave me a little shade but not more. Ten minutes went by and then twenty, still no driver or other passengers. Some of the buses around mine had left and others arrived taking on passengers.

I was about to go back inside to find out what was going on when an older man in a uniform walked up to my bus and opened it. When he saw me he smiled and said in broken English, "what hotel?"

I gave him the name and he took my suitcase and put in the luggage compartment. Before I got on he said, "We wait for more people, okay."

"How many?"

I shrugged his shoulders, "don't know, maybe thirty."

I sighed and got on the bus. At least I was out of the heat and could enjoy the AC blaring from the vents above the seats. 

I sat at the back of the bus because there was a bit more legroom due to the emergency exit. 

A few minutes later a slow trickle of people began to arrive and one by one they got on the bus. There was a mix of young and old, some a bit drunk already from the tax-free bottles they had opened while waiting at the luggage carousel.

I pretty blond girl in her mid-twenties came walking towards me. I smiled at her but she ignored me. I thought she looked a little nervous or stressed, maybe she was still nervous after the flight.

She sat down diagonally behind me on the other side of the aisle. I thought she would have some friends with her but when the door closed and a tourist guide came on the bus, she still sat alone.

The guide did a short speech and when she read out the different hotels I closed my eyes in frustration, my hotel was the last out of twelve stops.

Well, I thought, there is nothing to it, eventually, I will get there and be able to change into shorts and a T-shirt.

The traffic was horrible, and the bus inched forward for almost forty-five minutes before we even got to the highway leading into San Antonio from the airport. I glanced back a few times to look at the girl. She was real eye candy with long wavy blonde hair that hung over her shoulders and down her back. Her face was roundish with kind green eyes and a small nose. Her lips looked tasty the rest of her body was fit with swelling boobs and long legs. She wore a short black skirt, sandals and a blouse she had knotted under her boobs. Her hair was held back with a pair of sunglasses and she looked out the window most of the time.

What caught my attention was her fidgeting. Her fingers were never still, either pulling at the skirt or the knot under her boobs or playing with her hair. Maybe she was a smoker and was suffering from lack of nicotine, I thought.

*****

I was in Ibiza to visit my son who had found a summer job in a bar in San Antonio. It wasn't my idea work there, it was his mothers. We had separated a few years earlier and due to me traveling a lot in my job it was decided that he would live with my ex-wife. Pete and I had a great relationship even though I couldn't stand his mother or her me.

When I found out about his summer plans I wasn't too happy about them. I had been to Ibiza when I was young a few times and I knew what it was like, drinking, drugs, and sex. The sex part was fine, it was the drugs and drinking that worried me and had made me make the surprise visit. I just wanted to know he was okay.

*****

I was dozing off in my seat when I heard a sound I wouldn't expect to hear on a transfer bus. It was a moaning sound, like when you have sex. I opened my eyes and looked forward but saw nothing that would explain the sound.

It stopped for a few seconds and when it started up again I realized it came from behind me. I carefully turned my head and my jaw dropped.

The blond girl was leaning her head against the window and had propped one foot on the seat next to her. Her legs were spread wide and her hand was rubbing her pussy under her panty.

I quickly looked away and stared out my window. I must be imagining was my first thought. No one would do such a thing. I slowly turned my head back and I had been right, the blond sat there cool as a cucumber playing with her cunt.

It was so surreal I had to hold back a laugh. Well, good for her, I thought and closed my eyes again. After a few minutes, the moaning stopped and she was quiet again.

"First stop, Beach Hotel," said the driver over the PA system.

Great, only eleven left, I thought. We had entered San Antonio and I spent a while looking out the window at the people on the sidewalks. Mostly my eyes were drawn to the young women walking around in bikinis or bathing suits. When we passed the beach in front of Paradise night club I even got to see a few topless girls. My cock grew hard in my pants and it was very uncomfortable.

Three stops later I was almost breaking down the glass to get out. I glanced back and saw that the masturbating blonde was still sitting there with her head against the window looking out. 

The bus stopped at the remaining hotels and to my surprise, the girl didn't get off, until we reached mine.

I am a gentleman so when we walked up to the reception desk together I motioned for her to go first.

I caught her name which was Sandy and that she was alone. She asked for some people which I understood being her friends and that she was to meet that day. The receptionist told her that her friends had left the hotel earlier but that she would leave a note for them that Sandy had arrived.

When she picked up her bag and walked towards the elevators I stepped up to the reception.

"Hi, Dylan Jackson," I said.

"Hi and welcome. If you fill this out for and give me your passport I will check you in."

Ten minutes later I was in the elevator going up to the third floor. I checked the time and saw it was only two in the afternoon. I would drop off my things, change and then hit the pool and get something to eat. Before changing clothes I texted my son that I was in town, and wanted to see him.

The pool area was packed with people, children screaming and jumping in the pool or playing with balls. I took a seat as far away as possible which turned out to be next to the public toilets. I moved a bit closer to the pool and then waived at a waiter. When he arrived I asked for a large beer and a cheeseburger. I didn't even bother with the menu that sat between the salt and pepper shakers on the table.

While I waited for my food and drink I watched the people around me. It was like on the bus, a mix of young and old. Something pink caught my attention and when I turned my head I saw the Sandy walking from the inside of the restaurant towards a table close to mine. She carried a large glass with a small umbrella and two straws. In it was a pinkish red liquid. I looked nasty.

But Sandy didn't. She looked absolutely perfect in her bikini. Her long legs were strong and her flat tummy had a belly ring. Her boobs moved seductively and when she turned around to sit down her ass was like an apple, round, and firm.

God, to have a woman like that, I thought to myself. The last one I had fucked was a secretary that worked for a company one floor down from where I worked. We had met at a bar after work and had had too many drinks together. One thing led to another and I spent the night at her place.

When I woke up the following morning and saw her I wondered how on earth I had ended up in her bed. She was not my type at all, she wasn't ugly but her voice was high and nasal. She seemed stressed out and began to move around her apartment tidying up. She smoked ten cigarettes before her second cup of coffee and then coughed like she wanted to take her lungs out and clean them.

I said a quick goodbye after breakfast and threw away her phone number in the first bin I saw. I wasn't going back to that bar for a long time, I decided.

Sandy, on the other hand, she was just what the doctor ordered. That she was half my age didn't bother me a bit. I am a fit forty-seven year old and I still have my hair left. 

The problem was that she was sitting with her back to me and I couldn't use my baby blue eyes to flirt. 

My beer and cheeseburger arrived and I set Sandy aside and concentrated on what was right in front of me instead.

When I lifted my head from the food two minutes later she was gone. Fuck, I thought, where had she gone?

I looked around but couldn't see her. The drink sat half drunk on the table so maybe she would be back.

Twenty minutes later I had finished my food and beer and still no Sandy. I had received a text from my son that he was awake and was glad to hear I was in Ibiza. He then suggested a place to meet and a time.

I went for a quick swim and then up to my room where I took a shower and changed into shorts and a short sleeved shirt. 

At the reception, I asked for directions to the place my son had told me we should meet and I was told it was only a twenty-minute walk.

"Dad, what a surprise," said Pete when he saw me.

"Hi son, I am glad to see you. How are you?"

I sat down next to him and ordered a beer from a waitress that came up to us. Pete already had one and he must have been early since it was half drunk.

"Good, a bit tired but good," he said.

"How's work?"

"The pay sucks, the hours are long, but I like it. Well, I guess I like the people I work with. We are all about the same age and we usually hang out before and after work."

"Sounds good and is there a girlfriend?" I asked with a grin.

Pete laughed. "Dad, look around you. This is a buffet, and you never bring food to a buffet."

I laughed, he was right. All around us, I could see several beautiful girls so why settle down for one?

"How long are you here for?" he said.

"Just three days. I wanted to see that you were okay, and you seem to be."

"How's Mom?"

I sighed and took a sip from my beer. "Good, I guess. I haven't spoken to her since you left."

"Okay, and I guess you haven't met anyone? Still single after all this time?"

"What did you say about buffets just a minute ago?"

"Right, I got it."

The cool thing about Pete was that he held no grudges towards me or his mother. He understood that we simply couldn't be together and that the best thing for us was to separate. He did worry about me, though. His mother had found a new man after a year but I was still single. I liked it, especially since I traveled often, and that was always tough on a relationship.

We talked some more and had two more beer. By six that evening Pete had to go home and get ready for work. We decided to meet early the next day and go to one of the beaches.

As soon as I had left him Sandy came crawling back into my mind with her perfect ass and bouncy tits. Not only that, I was dying to find out why she had been rubbing her pussy on the bus.

"Hi, I was wondering if you have seen a blonde girl, her name is Sandy," I asked the receptionist.

"Yes, I think she and her friends are at the pool bar."

"Thank you."

When I walked into the bar I saw her immediately. She sat on a bar stool facing the main door and wore a white dress and her hair hung around her face and shoulders. I ignored her friends and walked up so I stood right next to her. She smelt of flowers and shampoo. The barman approached me and I ordered a drink, a gin tonic this time.

There were a few other people sitting at the bar on the other side of Sandy and her friends and while I waited for my drink an older couple sat down next to me.

I was listening to the conversation Sandy was having with her three friends. They were all girls and while I did, I heard a change in their voices.

"No, bitch, I don't so fuck off!" said a brunette to another blond.

"Guys, please, calm down, we are here to have fun, not to argue," said Sandy.

"Fuck you, Linda hit on Mark last night and she knew I liked him," said the brunette.

"No I didn't, and it's not my fault that he prefers me over you, just look at you, like a fat cow," said the blond.

There was a slap and the brunette stormed off. The blonde held her hand to her face. "I can't believe Jenna just hit me," she said to Sandy.

"C'mon, leave it, let's just enjoy the evening."

The fourth girl another brunette who had been quiet during the argument walked away, looking for her friend I assumed.

"Fuck this, I am going to look for Mark, I'll see you later," said the blond and left Sandy alone.

"Is there trouble in paradise?" I said when she was alone.

"Excuse me?" she turned and looked at me like if I was a dog turd.

In my job, I am used to dealing with complicated people so I didn't worry about Sandy's attitude towards me.

"Sorry, but I couldn't help hearing the argument."

"Oh, yeah, I am sorry about that, They just got drunk last night and I guess shit happened."

"Mm, it usually does when one drinks too much and speaking about drinks, yours is empty, would you like another?"

She looked at me and I saw a smile playing on her lips. "Do I know you from somewhere?"

"Yes, we were on the same transfer bus."

"Yeah, you are the guy in the suit, I got to ask, why the hell did you wear that?"

"First, let me buy you a drink and then I will explain."

When she had her drink I told her about the rush trip and that my son was working in town.

"Cool, which bar?" she said before sucking on the straw.

Her lips were full and had a light coral pink lipstick, very sexy, I thought.

"It's not a bar; it's a record shop that opens until midnight. He has the late shift"

"Oh, that's unusual. Most people get bar work."

"I guess he was lucky, but like he told me, they pay badly and he has to do a lot of over time."

We sat in silence for a while and then I said, "Now it's my turn to ask you something."

"What would that be?" she said and turned on the stool so she was facing me.

I leaned closer and almost whispered. "I saw what you did on the bus, what was that about?"

Her face went red and she turned back to the bar and her drink. This time, she didn't use the straw but took several long gulps. Then she sat the glass down and said, "I think I should leave now."

"That wouldn't be fair. You asked me a question and now it's my turn. Anyway, your friends are gone so what else will you do?

She sighed and ordered another drink. "Fine, I suffer from compulsory masturbation disorder."

"Say what?" 

"Okay, when I get stressed or worried, I play with myself. Some people drink, other smoke, I rub myself."

I sat back in my stool and just looked at her for a while and then I said, "Wow, I have never heard about that. I'm sorry for bringing it up. I just thought it was a wager or something, like a dare you had done with your friends."

"No, it's real enough and very embarrassing."

"I can imagine. Since when do you do it?"

She shrugged her shoulders and said, "Since I was in my early teens, I guess."

"This might sound stupid, but wouldn't sex with someone be a better way?"

"It has nothing to do with sex really, it's a psychological thing. Sure, I come when I do it, but I don't really feel pleasure, it becomes obsessive."

I slowly nodded my head and felt sorry for the young girl. It must be hard to live with a disorder like that, I thought.

"Why on the bus?" I asked.

"The flight, I was nervous. Because of the turbulence I couldn't get up and go to the bathroom and by the time we landed I was so stressed out I did it on the bus. That's why I sat alone in the back, but you must have seen me."

"Actually, I heard you first."

"Oh, I better keep quiet in the future," she said with a smile.

"Don't, I thought you sounded beautiful."

"Are you flirting with me?" she said, the playful smile was back on her lips.

"Well, not really, I just prefer, to tell the truth."

She leaned closer and gave me a kiss on the cheek. "Thanks, that was very nice of you to say."

It was my turn to blush and my cock came alive. The light touch of her lips against my skin and her perfume had made me horny as hell. I moved a little so my erection wouldn't be so obvious in my thin shorts.

"Are you okay?" she said.

"Yeah, yeah, it's just these shorts; they are a bit too small."

She glanced down and giggled. "Yeah, I can imagine."

"Sorry," I said quietly and then continued, "it's not often a young woman like you kiss me."

"Oh, poor you, let me give you another." Which she did, but this time she put her hand on my thigh and squeezed my leg a little.

"Wow, you got strong legs," she said when she had pulled away.

"Yeah, I do a bit of running on my free time."

We had another round of drinks and when we were on our third I checked the time and saw it was close to eleven at night. I was just about to suggest that we grabbed something to eat when the brunette who had slapped her friend earlier came into the bar.

"Sandy, let's go."

"Oh, hi Jenna, this is my new friend, oh, what's your name?" Sandy said with a drunk grin.

"Dylan, it's nice to meet you, Jenna."

"Uhu-hu, whatever, let's go, Sandy," she pleaded.

Sandy slid off her chair and turned to me. "I got to go, it was nice talking to you, and please, let's keep my issue a secret."

She took a step closer and landed a wet kiss on my lips. The taste of her drink was intoxicating and when she had turned back and was heading out the door with Jenna behind her I wiped my lips and drank from my beer.

There she goes, out of my life and away from my cock, I thought. Well, it was worth a try, at least I got to talk to her and she gave me a kiss, which was better than nothing.

I decide it was time for bed since I had an early morning the next day and after paying the bill I went up to my room and called it a night.

*****

The next morning I woke up after a horrible night. I had woken up and couldn't go back to sleep for hours. I tossed and turned; I got up and had some water and then back to bed. Maybe it was the images of Sandy rubbing her pussy that came flashing back or the new bed I was not used too or the many beers I had had, or simply a mix of all the above.

Whatever it was, I felt like shit when I walked into the breakfast room. I looked around for Sandy but it was too early for here I guessed. There were only a few people up this early and I scolded myself for letting Pete talk me into picking me up at eight.

After a bowl of fruits, scrambled eggs, bacon and several cups of coffee and OJ, I began feeling like a human being again, but still a bit tired.

Pete was already waiting for me when I stepped out into the harsh sunlight and heat. He was straddling a Vespa and I said, "do you know how to drive that contraption?"

"Sure, Dad, It's just like riding a bicycle."

"Sure, just be careful okay."

When I had put on the helmet he gave me he throttled up and the Vespa shot forward into the traffic.

I wore my swimming trunks and a T-shirt and I thought to myself that if we crashed my skin would be ripped off my flesh and I would look like an animal that had just been skinned.
