 This story is dedicated to my former Lady, whose friendship I still treasure. Special mention goes to the wonderful person who sent me feedback lamenting my recent lack of stories and whose effusive praise and support inspired me to start writing again after a lapse of more than a year. Thank you. See, if you send me feedback, I'll write more. Voting would be lovely too (5's a nice number, hint hint).

If you liked this story, then you'll probably like < a href=" http://english.literotica.com:81/stories/showstory.php?id=85100">'From a Boeing 747' as well. Enjoy.

***

"So, let's recap. Second Normalised Form is when the database has a non-cardinal key that provides data..."

I stifle a yawn and glance disinterestedly around the lecture theatre. Friday afternoon lectures are the worst. The comfortable seats, the low whirring of the air-conditioning, the monotonous drone of Dr Horan's lecture. It takes a Herculean effort just to keep my eyes open.

"And of course, if R is part of Q, then Q is in DFN. Everybody following? Good. Now, Tertiary Normalised Form..."

Despite my best efforts, my eyelids begin to droop. I force them to stay open and try to concentrate on the slideshow. I've missed far too many classes this year and I can't afford to daydream through this one. My seat is annoyingly comfy and I keep finding myself lazing back to rest.

I open my eyes to see that Dr Hayes has moved onto a different topic. I didn't even realise that I'd shut them. Gotta concentrate on the slideshow. I can feel my eyelids weighing down again though, growing heavier and heavier.

A sudden girlish giggle to my right makes me start and I sit up abruptly in my seat, kicking the person sitting in front of me. He twists to glare at me and I try and look abashed. There's another giggle and I turn my head to see a pretty girl suppressing hysterics at the end of my row of seats. I could have sworn there was no-one there a second ago; she must've snuck in quietly while my eyes were closed.

I tilt my head quizzically and she slides two seats across to sit next to me. "Sorry, but you just looked so funny," she whispers, her voice carrying the trace of an Irish accent. "Your head kept nodding every time you woke up." She smiles, an exquisite curve of lips that seems to light up her entire face and for a second I lose control of my jaw muscles.

She seems really familiar; everything about her rings a faint bell, yet I can't seem to remember when I've met her. "I'm sorry, I'm sure I know you, but for the life of me I can't remember your name."

She laughs again and extends her hand with mock formality. "I'm Michelle."

"Chris." She is really something. Emerald eyes gaze out from underneath a mane of thick red hair and my gaze shifts momentarily downwards to admire the triangle of cleavage afforded by her blouse and the creamy white thighs displayed beautifully by her miniskirt. I regain control and shift my eyes back to her face. She is already giving me a barely concealed expression of amusement and I know that she saw me look.

I struggle for composure. "So, do you normally have this lecture?"

"I'm supposed to. Normally try and miss Dr Horan's ones though. I get enough sleep at home."

"How come you're here then?" Dr Horan pauses suddenly in the middle of her lecture to glare in our direction and I lower my voice before continuing. "Not that I'm not glad, you're here, but..."

She looks down and brushes an errant strand of hair from her eyes. When she lifts her head, a red blush has spread across her china white skin. "I came cause I like watching the cute blonde guy who falls asleep in these lectures." She smiles, hesitantly this time, watching my face for a reaction.

My jaw dangles loose for a second before I regain control of my facial muscles. Michelle's smile spreads as her confidence grows and she shuffles closer to me. Her body presses against my side and I suddenly become very aware of the exquisite view of her breasts that I now have, each one pushing deliciously against the cotton of her blouse. The top two buttons are undone and I cannot help but gaze at the creamy skin of her cleavage.

My mouth seems incredibly dry and I stumble over my words. "Really?"

She moves closer still and her lips caress my ear, murmuring to me. "Uh-huh. I spend every lecture just watching you, thinking about what it would be like to touch you, to kiss you. I've wanted to introduce myself so many times."

I turn my head to look at her and suddenly our lips are together. A fiery heat pressed to my mouth, burning up all conscious thought till all that is left is the sensation of her lips on mine. After an eternity, she pulls away.

I open my eyes to see her staring back at me, completely unconcerned for who might be watching. Her brilliant green eyes sparkle with unconcealed mirth at my confusion. "Have you woken up yet?"

I struggle for words, completely undone by the way the world has twisted upside down in just a few seconds. It seems incredible that just a minute ago I was nearly falling asleep to the sounds of Databases II.

She giggles. "You look so nonplussed. Whassup?"

"I just can't believe this is happening."

A smile breaks through onto my face as she giggles again. "Nor can I. I've wanted to do that since I first saw you." Her hand moves to my thigh and I jump, completely unprepared for the contact. "I've wanted to do this more though."

Her fingers start massaging the inside of my leg and I protest weakly, "I didn't even know you a minute ago."

"Oh, but you did." She shuffles in her seat, resting her weight on me and I can feel the warmth of her skin pressing against my side. "I am your dream woman. Whenever you close your eyes, you can find me there. I will come to you when your dreams are about to become reality"

Her fingertips are trailing up and down my thigh now, fingernails whispering against the denim. My pulse is racing; I can feel it throbbing at my temples as her hand slides further up my thigh with each movement.

Fingertips play with the zip of my jeans, opening me up in agonisingly slow movements, each one accompanied by the tick-tick of the teeth. Her hand slides into my boxers and I gasp as fingertips touch bare flesh. "Wha... What are you doing?"

Her mischievous grin broadens. "Living my dream as well as yours." Her hand wraps around my cock and I groan quietly. She places a finger to my lips, a mischievous grin spreading across her face.

My breathing is getting irregular now as she squeezes and releases me, rubbing and stroking. "People will see!" I protest, but my heart isn't in it.

"No-one's watching," she murmurs, her free hand drawing me close for another kiss. Her tongue darts across my lips, grazing over my tongue, the rough touch a delicious counterpoint to the flooding warmth that she was creating in my groin. Her free hand tugs at mine, pulling it into her lap. I can feel soft silky skin under my fingers and I trace them across her leg, enjoying her sharp intake of breath as I draw little circles on her inner thigh. My movements are rucking her short skirt up to her hips and I can't seem to stop staring as she wriggles, exposing more and more of her exquisite skin.

No-one seems to have noticed us yet, but right now I couldn't care. Her hips are moving in time to my stroking of her thigh and I can feel the heat radiating from her pussy every time my fingers approach. I'm almost certain that she's not wearing any knickers and the thought of her walking around like that in a miniskirt makes me shiver with anticipation. Her warm wetness brushes against my fingertips and she bites her lip, trying to hold back a moan. Fingertips play across my bell-end, tracing down the vein on the underside before her palm wraps around me, squeezing me to release another wash of heat. Her pussy pulses against my touch and I run my fingers over her lips, grazing up and down in time with her bucking hips. I slide up, brushing against her clit and she shudders against me, her whole body convulsing with the sensation.

Her lips press to my ear again, her teeth biting gently on my lobe before she whispers to me. "I want you now." She releases my dick and pulls frantically at the button of my jeans. Her lips find mine and we are kissing again, uncaring now of the need for stealth. She swings her leg over mine, pausing over my throbbing cock. The tip of my dick is touching her hot pussy lips and I don't care how many people might be watching. I don't care that I've only just met her. All I can think of is being inside her, coming inside her.

She straddles me slowly and I groan as I feel myself part her. Her pussy is so hot that it burns against my skin and I feel my dick twitch as I enter her. She is on me and around me, all warmth and wetness and wicked smile. I'm tearing at her shirt, desperate to reveal more skin and my hands are on those oh-so-perfect breasts, squeezing and caressing, fingers teasing at her nipples. My lips find the base of her neck as she tosses her head back and I lick and kiss and nibble and suck, trying to taste her completely, moving down to the upper slope of her cleavage.

She is shuddering around me and the only sound in the room is her gasping breathing, which is getting more and more ragged. I can feel my own orgasm building inside me, swelling up like water pressing against a dam, the pressure growing by the second. Her pussy squeezes around me and her gasps denigrate into moan of ecstasy as I feel the pulsing around my cock. I lift my head to see the look of bliss on her face as the sensations overwhelm me. I burst and jet after jet erupt from me in frantic waves, every moment elongated by the sensations of her throbbing quim.

She slumps into my arms as my orgasm fades, the last few tremors shaking us both. I close my eyes, letting my head roll back onto the headrest, not caring about the other students, the lecturer or anything else beyond thing moment of pure bliss.

"Reading for this week's is chapters 8 and 9 of Fengenbaum & Lewis or chapters 2 and 3 of Preece."

I open my eyes. Dr Horan is still standing at the front of the lecture theatre, wrapping up his slideshow. All the students are sitting sedately in their seats, watching the lecturer. Michelle is nowhere to be seen.

I sit up in my seat, wiping my hand across my eyes to clear the sleep out. It had all been just a dream. None of that had happened. A wave of disappointment washes over me and my head droops. The sexiest girl in the world had been a figment of my imagination. Well that figured – business as usual.

I try to stifle a yawn as Dr Horan shoots me a disapproving look. It is an unequal struggle and I end up performing a ridiculously large yawn. A girlish giggle sounds behind me and I turn abruptly. The girl of my dreams is sitting two rows back. And watching me.

A smile spread across my face as I turned to the front again, waiting for the end of the lecture. "I will come to you when your dreams are about to become reality" I couldn't wait to meet the girl of my dreams.

***

Hope you liked that. Don't forget to vote and to send me feedback. The more you write to me, the more I'll write for you.

The Earl