 Chapter 1 (no sex)

I first saw her around mid-July. My wife’s birthday was in two days and my daughter demanded I come with her to the mall to pick out a gift. I didn’t much care for birthdays, I rarely thought of my own as much more than another day at work. However, my giddy fourteen-year-old daughter, Leslie, wouldn’t let me think otherwise and demanded we pick out ‘the perfect gift’.

The minute I stepped out of the car, I barely had time to lock the doors before she grabbed my arm and dragged me towards the entrance exclaiming we only had two days to find mom a gift; as if two days wasn’t enough? By one o’clock, we had been through JC Penny, Sears, The Gap, and a number of other crowd filled stores. I was ready for a rest, but my daughter caught me before I had a chance to break for the food court.

“Daddy can we stop at Claire’s before we stop for lunch? I just wanna look at the earrings…. please Daddy?”

Deciding to give her a hard time, I raised an eyebrow at her and in a mock stern voice I asked, “And just whom are we shopping for today missy?” We both smiled at my stupid imitation and walked over to the pink store on our left. I had decided to step inside the shop to see what the big fuss was over. Immediately I was surrounded by pink pom-poms, blasting teen bop music, and other giddy girls my daughter’s age trying to scoot by me as I tried to stay out of the way. I found myself standing next to the cash registers and at the moment, I didn’t see my daughter anywhere.

“Shop here much?” came the female voice at my ear, snapping me out of my trance.

“Oh, no, no….” I stuttered grinning at the brown haired young woman smirking at me. “My daughter is in here somewhere, looking for the latest in teen fashion.” I added waving my hand for emphasis.

The young woman behind the counter smiled a pair of pearly white teeth at me. “I see “, she said. “Stay here, you don’t want to get trampled on by some of these girls.”

“Yeah tell me about it, I found that out right when I walked in.” I replied to her.

The girl was cute, granted she was about twenty years younger than me, but she looked older. Girls like her always look older. I could see it in her face. She didn’t have on hardly any makeup, and her eyes showed something I couldn’t quite put my finger on, but it came with experience. She had mildly short hair and I hate to admit I was looking but she had breasts that didn’t quite fit her frame. Either way I found I was attracted to her.

Right after that thought crossed my mind, my daughter appeared out of nowhere.

“Can I get these?” she asked, setting a pair of silver earrings on the counter and then turning her attention to the girl. “Oh hi Kelly!” she chirped smiling. 

So her name was Kelly, I like that name.

“Hey Leslie.” Kelly replied with little more than friendliness. “This all for today?” she asked looking at me with crystal blue eyes. I then looked at my daughter for the answer.

“Yeah for now. Daddy we still need to find mom a gift. I’m thinking we should stop at the Pottery Barn and see what’s there.” My daughter ratted on. I was only half listening as I watched Kelly ring up our sale, and put the earrings in a little baggy. At the mention of my wife, I saw Kelly roll her eyes. It made me curious to know why-what was she thinking?

“Here ya go” Kelly said, interrupting my daughter and looking at me she added, “you guys have a great day.” I detected a hint of sarcasm in her voice and think somehow she could tell I wasn’t too enthused about walking around the mall for another hour or two with my energetic daughter.

“Thanks, you too.” I replied giving her a genuine smile. I could feel my heart quicken like a young kid again when she gazed at me and after we left the store, I had to ask my daughter about Kelly.

“So you two know each other?” I asked casually as we walked around Pottery Barn.

“Yeah…” my daughter replied. “she goes to the high school. She got kicked out for getting in some fight with a girl.”

“Interesting.” I shortly replied. She didn’t look like a badass in the store although I had a hunch that she tried to act like it around others.

“She’s friends with Sarah who’s friends with Cindy who’s friends with me,” my daughter explained. “You know Cindy.” Yeah Cindy was a tall athletic girl who my daughter cheerleaded with at school on the JV team. I nodded my recognition as I picked up a glass vase with purple and green hues swirled through it, my wife’s favorite colors. “Hey sweetie, what do you think about this for mom?” I asked my daughter.

She grabbed it from my hand smiling, “I think we found a winner!” We bought the vase and headed home. We talked about school, my mind revisited thoughts of Kelly. As we pulled onto our street, as if my daughter had read my mind, she pointed out the window at Grendon Street two blocks over. “Kelly lives over there in the white house.” I drove by that house twice a day on my way to and from work and never thought anything of it. Now that I knew Kelly lived there, I knew I’d look for her when I could. Feigning disinterest to my daughter, I replied with an “Oh” and we dropped the subject.

My wife wasn’t home from the grocery store yet, so I decided to order a pizza for dinner. Leslie and I quickly wrapped my wife’s present and then all three of us spent a quiet Sunday night a home. My wife, Judy, went to bed early because tomorrow she had to work, as did I, but I wasn’t quite tired yet. I was watching a movie when a girl appeared on the screen that reminded me of Kelly and my mind started wondering. She looked to be about twenty-five if I had to guess her age. She definitely had the body of a young woman, but my daughter had said she had gotten kicked out of school; high school! I’d have to remember to ask my daughter (casually of course) about how old she was-it was bugging me.

Chapter 2 (no sex)

The next day, I woke up early. My wife was already up and I could smell coffee and bacon from the kitchen downstairs. I took a quick shower and dressed for work before going downstairs.

“Good morning sweetheart.” My wife said as I gave her a quick peck on the cheek and a little pinch on her behind. 

“What is the agenda for the day?” I questioned her as I nibbled at a piece of toast and skimmed the money section of the paper.

“Well, I’ve got a meeting with a client to look at a house at four today so I figure I won’t be home till six. It’s in Evergreen.” She explained.

“Dinner?” I questioned.

“I’ll leave some chicken on the counter and there’s some potatoes in the pantry to fry.” she replied.

My wife and I always have had a pretty regular routine. She was a real estate agent and I worked as an architectural engineer in the city and taught twice a week at the local community college. We both had long hours, but we worked well together as a team. Our daughter was very active in school and often busied herself with friends and extracurriculars. We were together on nights and weekends and we loved it.

“Gotta go…” I announced, giving my wife a kiss and heading for the door. I hopped into my car and pulled out going to work. I drove by Kelly’s house without even thinking about it. The day went by uneventful and by the time I was on my way home, I was hoping someone would be there to keep me company. I didn’t have to teach at seven tonight or for the week seeing as how we were on break at the school. My daughter was home and we just sat around and relaxed. The rest of the week went relatively in the same fashion. On Tuesday we celebrated Judy’s birthday, she loved the vase and we had a wonderful dinner a Luciani’s.

About three weeks later, I was on my way home from work listening to Tom Petty on the radio and singing along happily when I noticed a beautiful young body bent over on the lawn of the large white house two blocks over. Instantly I perked up and watched as the girl’s trim legs shined in the sunlight and her round behind was pushed outward as she looked to be pulling at some weeds in the front yard. She sure did have a nice body I thought to myself. Before I knew it, I was practically stopped on the road as I watched the firm body of Kelly weeding in her front yard. It had been four weeks since I’d first met her. I finally drove home when I noticed a car coming up behind me, and labeled myself as an old pervert lusting after a young girl I didn’t even know. That night in bed, my wife and I had a mind-blowing fuck session. As my cock plunged in and out of my wife’s sloshy wet pussy, I had one of my most explosive orgasms in quite some time. I shot my cum deep inside my wife’s womb while fantasizing it was Kelly I was fucking that night.

I had to teach Architectural History at the college tonight from seven to eight-thirty. My wife and Leslie already knew where I was and often I was home by nine-thirty when I had to teach. When I got to the school, I was met by John Peterson who taught the International Business class, and Lucy Jasin who taught the Nursing class during the same time. We talked for a little while, about how our jobs were going and how our families were. Lucy was expecting her first child in three months and was quite large by now. I congratulated her again and tried to reassure her of some of the jitters she was getting about the pregnancy. After all I already had a fourteen-year-old of my own and had been through the pregnancy along with my wife. After about ten minutes of chitchat, I went to my classroom and got ready for the class. Three of my students were already there so I answered some questions they had about the homework and within a few minutes the whole class was ready to start.

Class went by quick. After I had packed up all my papers for grading and talked to a couple of my students, I was ready to leave. I walked out of the classroom into the empty hallway. Down at the end of the hall, I popped in two quarters in the school vending machine to grab a milky way for the ride home. I’ve always had a soft spot for chocolate. When I bent over to grab the candy bar out of the dispenser, I was surprised by a familiar female voice.

“Hello Mr. Merill.” 

“Hello?” I replied turning around expecting to see one of my students. Instead I was hit dumb by the familiar brunette who lived just two blocks away from me. “Kelly?” I questioned in greeting.

“I thought it was you.” She replied smiling at me. “Do you teach here?” she asked me standing up next to me and popping two quarters in and pressing E-10 to get a snicker bar. I nodded my response to her. “Architectural history” I explained. 

Pointing a finger at herself she replied, “nursing.”

“So you take night classes here? How long?” I questioned. We had started walking down the hallway towards the exit side by side. 

“I’ve been here since fall. I’m going for an associate’s in nursing.” She replied, taking out her candy bar and taking a bite. I glanced over at her; she looked cute when she ate.

“Well then you must have graduated after leaving school.” I replied.

Kelly smiled at me. “Yeah after I got expelled-as I can gather Leslie told you- I was home schooled for the rest of the semester and then graduated. I didn’t attend the regular graduation… so what else did your daughter tell you about me?” 

I blushed. Not enough, I thought to myself but said, “Oh just about school and how she knew you through a bunch of her friends. I’m glad to hear that you’re going for the degree in nursing. Professor Jasin is a very good teacher.” I tried to change the subject to something more neutral. I checked my watch briefly and noticed it was nearly 9:45 and I had to get going home.

Kelly smiled again. Well it’s probably time you head home to the wife. I got to get home myself- work at the mall again tomorrow.” 

“Well,” I said, “I guess I will see you next Wednesday then.” I said politely. “Drive safe.”

I smiled and turned away before I could talk anymore. Kelly waved a good bye at me. “Tell Les I said hello; quite a coincidence that her father and the bad girl both meet weekly at the school.” And with that she turned away. I’m not sure what the last comment was for, but it had me thinking.

I wasn’t surprised to find both my wife and daughter asleep when I got home. 

The next morning, I didn’t bother to tell them both that I had seen Kelly at school where I teach and that in fact I would be seeing a lot more of her.

In the passing weeks, I went about my normal routine, and on Wednesdays I continued to see Kelly after classes and occasionally would catch a glimpse of her before class too. We had made a habit of ‘coincidentally’ seeing each other after our respective classes ended and we walked to the end of the hallway, talking about nothing in particular. She would talk about any thoughts or problems she was having while I, trying to be the adult figure, would kindly give her advice and reassurance. Occasionally a bit of flirting on both our parts had started to occur. It was innocent enough and with me being married, I didn’t think she took it too seriously from me. Not to mention the fact that I had a daughter only a few years younger than her and we had in my mind become good friends. I think that we just both wanted to be around each other. I tried to hide my attraction for her each evening that we spent together, but sometimes I was afraid it showed. The week before I had started walking her to her vehicle and once there we would say our goodbyes. I had even started waving to her when I passed by her street and saw her, unbeknownst to my own family. And on those nights that I saw her or even when she was on my mind, I got painful erections much to my wife’s delight. Although she thought it was her doing-I knew otherwise. I kept telling myself it was nothing between me and Kelly but I knew she was there in my head. We had had no intimate touching until the night that changed.

That evening I had met up with Kelly as usual after our evening classes. She had got to talking about her nursing class and how she really hoped that she would be able to get her degree because she wanted to move out of her parents house. By now, I knew where she lived, had caught glimpses of her parents and had put together a fairly reasonable idea of what kind of people they were based on what she had told me. I agreed with her that a woman like her would do just fine out on their own and that she seemed very responsible for her nineteen years.

“Thank you.” She had replied to me. In that moment, I was startled and embarrassed when she had leaned sideways and planted a soft kiss on my stubbled cheek right there in the seclusion of the empty school parking lot. She actually laughed half embarrassed at me, and added, “Geez… you need to shave, your face is like sandpaper.”

“Sorry.” I stuttered quietly to myself as I rubbed my cheek and looked at Kelly. I must have had a dumbfounded look on my face because Kelly giggled at me. “ Geez Mr. Merrill. Don’t act so surprised. You knew that was going to happen sooner or later didn’t you?”

I not only knew, I’d been hoping for any physical contact with her since the moment I’d laid eyes on her. “I’m sorry Kelly. I know that this thing between us is well… unusual, but” I wasn’t sure what else to say. Yes this was one hot young lady near me and yes she just made a pass at me. Who was I to refuse her? I just wasn’t sure what she wanted. 

Kelly interrupted my thinking then. “Well John,” she stepped towards me lightly, looking at me straight in the eye. “You know, that evening in the hall…” 

I nodded at her. “I’m sure a young attractive woman like myself, wouldn’t have said anything to you otherwise unless…” she took two more steps towards me while I took one step back. 

“Unless what?” I interrupted expectantly. 

Kelly smiled devilishly at me “Unless…they were attracted to you. Isn’t that why, Mr. Merrill, you’ve been walking me to my car ever since. Hoping that there might be some chance that you might gain up enough courage to perhaps kiss me? 

Or… touch me? Or…” I had an instant erection as she leaned forward. I could feel my cock shaft filling with blood at what she might suggest… “Or… fuck me?” she finished her sentence letting ‘fuck’ float off her tongue. 

I almost came in my pants as she smiled innocently yet-devilishly at me. “God.” I half-moaned half-whispered at her.

“Isn’t that the reason we’re here Mr. Merrill? All this flirting sure does make me hot, but…. I can’t wait forever.” She lifted her hand to the top button of her jeans. “So,” she said suggestively. “I guess that I’ll just have to make the first mood huh?” Kelly unbuttoned the snap on her jeans and slowly slid the zipper down all the way leaving her jeans open to my gaze. Even though the parking lot was mildly lit, I could clearly see the pink tone of her panties and was surprised. I had expected her to wear black or dark blue-not pink. My erection quickly jolted against my slacks and I heard my mind scream at me to touch her. But I couldn’t. I just stood there- mouth watering, heart pounding, and full erection pumping.

Chapter 3 (sex!)

My back was now pushed up against the door of her small car. Her car was parked near the left side of the lot and the light post in the center only mildly illuminated the parking spaces. My car was parked in the west lot and as I looked around, I noticed that there were no other vehicles near. I was afraid to check my watch for fear that it was going to confirm what I already knew. It was probably very late by now. I looked at Kelly as she smiled expectantly at me. I was sweating profusely with my blazer on. As if Kelly read my mind, she lifted her small hands to my shoulders and slid the thing off. I watched as the dark gray coat pooled on the asphalt. 

“Kelly. I.. I don’t think we should be doing this. I mean…. It’s practically against the law… and I’m married… and you’re so beautiful…and….” I was stuttering like a damn fool and she knew it. She actually laughed at me with this huge grin on her face.

“Mr. Merrill!” she smiled. “Enough with the chit-chat.”

“I don’t care if it’s wrong or not. I just know what I want. Now…. Don’t… disappoint… me.” She walked up to me pressing the full length of her thin frame against me. I knew she could feel my arousal against her belly. By now it felt like a baseball bat was attached to my pelvis. As I went to let out a small moan, Kelly looked up at me and ordered me to kiss her.

She wasn’t going to let me out of this without a fight. And I knew that I didn’t want to put up a fight with her-I was just plain scared. Hmm, imagine that; a full grown man afraid of a young woman. 

She grabbed both of my wrists in her hands and guided them to her small hips and then removed her hands to let me hold onto her on my own. I grabbed at the toned flesh there- squeezing lightly in my hands. As she let out a small moan of approval- an electric spark surged in me and I bent down to her face and planted a small kiss on the side of her lips. 

She smiled at me, “There you go John. Don’t be afraid. I won’t bite.” As I bent down tentatively again and planted a small soft kiss on the softness of her cheek, I became more bold as I proceeded to taste the contours of her neck and lips. She immediately responded to me as she turned her head to meet my lips. As we kissed for the first time, I felt her push her entire weight on me and almost go limp as I tried to brace her against me. 

“Here,” I said guiding her to the back of her car and leaning her against it. “Rest against this.” I then proceeded to kiss her again. God she tasted absolutely wonderful as I suckled her lips, nibbling at the curves of her smile and then working my way down her throat and running my tongue along there. I was really getting into it and I felt like a young kid again making out in the senior parking lot at school. 

“Mmg.. oh God Mr. Merrill.” Kelly whispered at me as I felt her hands on my shirt, unbuttoning the garment quickly.
