 This is the second part of the story. Please refer to part 1 for the rest of the plot.



That Sunday was easily one of the longest days of my life. After I cleaned up the floor and myself as best I could, I dressed and joined Beth in the dining hall. The rest of our friends were just finishing up, but seemed oblivious to where the two of us were and what we were doing. Beth and I ate rather quietly together. If you saw us you probably wouldn't have any idea we were just naked together. We ate quickly and went our separate ways.

I had already taken three of my four finals, and the last one wasn't until Wednesday. Not that I was much of a studier anyway. I made a half-assed attempt to study but gave up after half an hour. It was for a stupid elective class I was probably going to get a C in anyway. I played some video games, listened to music, and I even started packing a little as the afternoon dragged on.

Beth and I went down with the rest of our dorm for dinner, and again you wouldn't know by looking at Beth that anything unusual had happened that morning. I kept stealing little glances at her, but she virtually ignored me. That was how our relationship usually was, anyway.

After dinner we all went back to our rooms. I played some more video games and listened to some more music, then watched some television. I finally gave up and went to bed about 10pm, which was laughably early for me, but I didn't know what else to do. I got into a pair of plaid boxers to sleep in. The last thing I did before I went to bed was make sure that my door was unlocked.

I kept the television on. I was the type that needed something to fall asleep to, but I wasn't really sleepy and yet I was hardly paying attention to it. I was listening intently for any sound outside my door, and fantasizing about what might happen if Beth did show up.

Finally right around 11pm I heard the doorknob turn. I made an effort to stay still. I'm not sure why. I heard the door open, then close, and then lock. In a few seconds Beth appeared like a vision in the glow of the television. She was wearing an oversized nightshirt which went all the way to her knees, but it was obvious that she wasn't wearing a bra. Her nipples were clearly visible against the tight-fitting shirt.

Without a word, she climbed right over me and lay down by my side on the bed. We maneuvered ourselves until we were in a spooning position, with me lying against her back with my left arm under her. We stayed like that in silence for several minutes, and I was wondering if she had already fallen asleep, when suddenly Beth broke the silence.

"You know, I still just want to be friends with you," Beth said.

She had said that to me once or twice before when I haltingly brought up my interest in having a relationship with her during the year, and it was crushing to hear it then. This time, however, it was just confusing to me. "So, what does that mean about before?" I asked.

"Let me ask you a question," Beth said, "When you came to college, you came here to meet your one true love, fall in love, and get married, right?"

"Yeah, pretty much," I replied.

"Dude, this is the 90's," Beth said. "You might be the only guy here thinking that way. Okay, maybe not among the ultra-religious crowd, but definitely for the rest of us." I didn't say anything, so she continued, a little more softly. "I used to think like that too, back in High School, but this is college. Besides the whole education thing, I came here to meet some people and have some fun. You know, experiment a little. I'll be what, 21 when I graduate? I'll still have plenty of time to meet someone, get married, and have kids, if that's what I want. And that's why I just want to be friends with you. I'm not looking for a soul mate, at least not right now. You're smart and funny and cute, well maybe not all that smart all the time, but through this whole year I haven't met anyone else I want to be with as much as you. So, if you don't mind taking a break from your search for a soul mate for a while, maybe we can have a little fun."

It took me a while to find my voice while I processed all of that. Finally, my brain kicked back into gear. "So, the reason why you didn't want a relationship with me wasn't that I told you I was attracted to Suzie?" I asked.

Beth actually laughed. Like everything else about her, her laugh was a little over the top, like a HAHAHAHAHA. "You thought I didn't want you because you told me you were attracted to Suzie?" She asked, "Aw hell. She is a 5' 10" blonde model. I'm attracted to Suzie. If I was ever to, you know, join the other side, she would be first on my list." There was more speechless silence from me. "Oh, by the way, I might be bisexual," Beth said, and she tried to make it sound as casual as possible to add to the shock value. "Like I said, I came here to have some fun and experiment, so if the right situation comes along I might just go ahead and try it. I doubt Suzie would be interested, but you never know. I know I probably just blew your mind a little with that one," Beth said, reaching back to pat my thigh, "Are you okay?"

"All things considered, I'm just fine," I replied.

"But your entire worldview was just turned on its ear," Beth said.

"Yeah, pretty much," I said, "I liked to think of myself as a poet-romantic, that there was one girl out there for me and I would find her and always be happy, but you're quite right, that kind of thinking doesn't really fit into this world, and I should just go with the flow."

"Now you're talking," Beth said, "Anyway, as great as this morning's adventure was, I just had an insatiable urge for human contact, so that's why I'm here now. I hope you're okay with that."

I thought back to a moment earlier in the year, when one of my roommate's female friends came over to me and casually brushed the hair on my forehead, and how after being so lonely and hard up at college how amazing even that small gesture felt. "Yeah, I can relate," I said.

"So, if you want, we can just cuddle and sleep," Beth said, "It doesn't have to be anything more than that." As she said that, she shifted against me and wriggled her ass against my crotch.

My first night in bed with a girl and I was going to let it go without anything happening? I was awkward and inexperienced, but I wasn't crazy. Plus, I was pretty horny. I was also well read, especially in erotica, so I quickly came up with a plan. My free hand was draped over Beth, and I made a show of lifting it up and then putting it down again, brushing it against her breast as I did so, as though it was incidental contact. Beth responded by wriggling her ass against my crotch again. I could feel my erection starting to grow. I took my hand and as slowly as I could, I brought it against her right breast. I began to trace the outline of her breast through her nightshirt, feeling the nipple harden. Beth responded with a slightly harder wriggle against my crotch.

We continued like that for several minutes, my hand ever so slowly moving around her breast, and then to other places, like her neck and her stomach, just enjoying the feel of her soft body. "Mmm, you have very nice hands," Beth eventually said.

"Thank you, they're musician's hands," I replied. I played cello growing up and through college, and I figured the gentle but firm pressure you needed to put on a cello string would work well on a woman.

I continued exploring her body for several more minutes with my right hand, when I realized that my left hand was going completely numb lying under Beth. "My arm is asleep," I whispered in her ear.

"Oh, sorry," Beth said, and she began to move away from me. I had a flash of inspiration that caused me to grab her tightly and pull her with me as I rolled onto my back. Now I was on my back with Beth lying on her back on top of me. The advantage of this position was I had both hands free to explore her body. I ran both hands up and down from her breasts to as far down her thighs as I could reach, pausing to cup and massage her breasts through her shirt.

Beth was clearly beginning to get aroused. She was squirming around. Occasionally she would grab my hands when they were on her breasts and help me give them a firm squeeze. Her nightshirt had ridden up past her hips and eventually she sat up on me and pulled it right off of her, leaving her in nothing except for a pair of lacy black panties.

"I'm not hurting you, am I?" Beth asked. That was another generic burst of insecurity from women that I've never been able to understand. Through the years every woman I've been with, of every shape and size, has asked me that question at least once. At 19 I was particularly skinny and fragile-looking, but even as I got older and heavier the question kept getting asked. I've had women grinding their elbows into my chest when they said that and I still wouldn't admit to being uncomfortable.

"I'm fine," I said. Now I had Beth's naked breasts to play with. I spent some time on them, enjoying the contours and textures that I couldn't feel through her nightshirt.

This position was great for me but I don't think Beth knew what to do with her own hands. At times she would use her hands to guide mine but for the most part I think she badly wanted to touch herself, but was gamely trying to hold off and let me explore her. Her head was lying back beside mine, her neck and shoulder close enough to kiss. We hadn't even kissed yet... lips or otherwise. I didn't know how Beth would respond if I started kissing her. I tentatively gave her a kiss on the side of her neck. I was rewarded with a moan and a squirm. I took that as a good sign. Emboldened, I started to kiss and suck the skin on her neck and shoulder where I could reach her, and I let my hands begin a slow but steady move toward her panties.

Beth was clearly trying hard to let me do all the work and just sit back and enjoy the ride, but I think her arousal was overwhelming her. As soon as my fingers reached her panties she reached down and pulled them right over her hips and down her legs, and then she kicked them completely off her feet. Now she was lying on me completely naked. For good measure she reached over and grabbed my boxers, pulling them over my erection and down my hips. She gave my erect penis a couple of strokes, and then she grabbed my left hand and placed it between her legs.

Despite her obvious impatience, I was still determined to move slowly. I had never had my hands between a girl's legs, after all. Third base! The Phil Rizzuto part of Paradise by the Dashboard Light started running through my head. I slowly began to explore her folds, down and around her clitoris, which was driving her crazy. While my hands were between her legs, hers were on her breasts. She started bucking against my hands, trying to get more stimulation. I finished my exploration of her clitoris and slowly moved the middle finger of my left hand into her pussy. It was very wet in there. I slid my finger in up to the first knuckle, which unfortunately in this position was all I could reach. I was rewarded with a gasp from Beth, and she started pumping her hips against me, trying to push me further into her. While I was fingering Beth, my hand was brushing against my nearby erection. It was a weird sensation.

Beth started breathing heavily, and then started making little gasps and moans. Finally she just couldn't take it anymore, and thrust her right hand to her clitoris. She started frigging herself off like a mad woman while I was still fingering her pussy as best I could. Unlike this morning she wasn't even making an effort to be quiet.

"Yes! Yes! Oh my God, yes! Yes! I'm cumming! Yes!" She cried out. She was arching her back and writhing all over me. I reached around her with my right arm just to keep her steady. Like this morning, she convulsed three times as she came, and then gave a great sigh and went still.

We lay like that for a little while, and then Beth rolled over and said, "Thank you," and gave me a long, sloppy kiss. It is probably unusual to have your first kiss with a woman after you've orgasmed together, but go with the flow, right?

Beth slid off of me into a kneeling position by my side. She grabbed my boxers and pulled them down my legs and off. Then she grabbed my hard cock and began stroking. I was already quite aroused and stimulated, and it probably took me less than a minute before my own orgasm hit. I obviously had some time to recharge since this morning, as I shot a load up into the air and onto my stomach. I laughed out loud as I watched my cum landing all over my stomach and pubic area. 

Beth gave me a wicked grin, and then to my great surprise climbed back on top of me, smearing cum all over both of us. She stroked my hair and stared into my eyes for a moment, and then kissed me deeply.

"We're going to have to do something about this mess you made!" Beth said.

"The mess I made?" I asked, "I think you're as least as responsible as I am."

"Yeah, well, I think we're going to need to clean ourselves off," Beth replied, "Are you up for a shower?"

"Yeah, I guess we should," I said. I figured this was the end of our night, but Beth didn't get off of me.

"I might need some help getting myself clean, if you know what I mean," Beth said.

"Oh, you mean shower together!" I said.

"Yeah, why not?" Beth replied, "Although I've seen your bathroom. Has it been cleaned yet this year?"

"Umm... no, not that I'm aware of," I said.

"Yeah, so it's going to have to be my shower," Beth said, rising off of me and holding out her hand.

"Wait, aren't we going to get dressed first?" I asked.

"We're both covered in cum," Beth said, "It would be silly to get dressed now. Besides, it's almost 1am on a Sunday night during finals, nobody's awake out there. We only have to walk a few steps until we get to my door."

I think it was a combination of my urge to shower with Beth and the urge to clean myself off that eventually got me to agree. Beth picked up her nightshirt and panties and I followed her to the door. She slowly opened it and poked her head out.

"Okay, on three," Beth said, "One... two... THREE!" She darted out the door and took about two steps to the end of the hall. 

I was momentarily distracted by her nudity. In the harsh light of the hallway, you could see the streaks of cum glistening on her belly. "Come on!" Beth hissed at me. I tentatively slipped out into the hallway after her, then went back and made sure that my door was still unlocked. Beth was peering around the corner. Our doors were at the end of our respective hallways, so once we rounded the corner it was only a few more steps to hers. Beth was right, though, it was the quietest I had ever 'heard' our dorm.

"Okay, now!" Beth whispered and bolted around the corner to her door. I followed her as she scurried to her door and rushed inside behind her.

Once the door closed behind us Beth kissed me again. "That was exhilarating!" She said.

My heart was pounding, "Yeah," I replied. So, your roommate is gone?" I asked rhetorically. It was pretty obvious she wasn't there. I liked Beth's roommate, who was a really nice girl, but she was an alcoholic who would disappear for days at a time. Even during finals, apparently. Her things were still there, but she wasn't.

"Yeah, she told me she was staying at her boyfriend's tonight," Beth said, "But my suitemates are there."

"Oh, so maybe we should skip the shower," I said, "They can probably hear us."

Beth gave another one of her over-the-top HAHAHAHA laughs. "Do you know how many co-ed showers those sluts had that I had to listen to this year?" Beth asked. I shrugged my shoulders. Beth's suitemates weren't social and I didn't know them very well. "Well, not that I minded, really. If I was alone I would get myself off to the sound." Beth paused for a moment, maybe reliving a happy memory in her head. "Bottom line, I don't care," Beth said, "So let's go."

Beth led me into her bathroom and turned on the shower. Her bathroom was definitely much, much cleaner than mine was. We made out while we were waiting for the water to get warm, with my still-erect penis pressed against her stomach, and with both of us running our hands all over our bodies. After a minute Beth led me into her shower. She took a bar of soap and scrubbed the cum off of her belly. Then she turned her attention to me. I have a pretty hairy chest, not to mention pubic area, and if you've ever tried to get cum out of hair, you know it isn't all that easy. Beth was content to clean me thoroughly, though, soaping me up with her hands and pulling out the clumps of cum that had coagulated.

Once the rest of me was clean she turned her attention to my penis, soaping it up and stroking it. Of course it had stayed fully erect through all of the excitement, and her hand running up and down my erection with the soap as lubrication was an exquisite feeling. It suddenly got even better as Beth went down on her knees and took my penis in her mouth. I was so surprised I almost lost my balance and reached out a hand to steady myself. Beth grabbed my butt cheeks and slowly began to give me a blow job.

Even though I had had a pretty recent orgasm, this new and exciting stimulation was quickly bringing me to yet another climax. I was hardly even aware of what exactly she was doing to me, but I don't think Beth intended for me to cum in her mouth, so the moment I started to moan and buck my hips she moved her head away and resumed a vigorous stroking until I came in the shower.

Once I stopped moaning and bucking, Beth stood up and pressed herself against me. She kissed me deeply. I was afraid that I would be disgusted by kissing her mouth right after it had been on my penis, but I didn't really taste anything unusual. I tasted more soap than anything else.

"I'll bet that was your first blow job, huh?" Beth asked.

"You'd better believe it," I said.

"I'll be honest," Beth said, "It was my first time too, but I wanted to see what it was like."

"Well, thank you," I replied.

"Can I ask you a favor?" Beth asked, "I know you might not be comfortable going down on me yet, but can you use your fingers again? I'm so horny right now."

Without a word I turned her around and pressed her back against my front, my penis pressing against her back. I kissed and sucked at the back of her neck while I ran my hands all over her wet front, settling in between her legs. I slid two of the fingers of my left hand into her wet pussy and stroked her clit with my right.

Beth alternated between grabbing her breasts with her hands and reaching behind her to run her hands over my body. She was pressing into my erection, which was still in its ever-ready state.

She held out for several minutes under the steady stream of the shower, but eventually she began to moan and gasp and shake. The moans turned to shrieks, and then she practically shouted "Oh, my God!" and her legs almost gave out and nearly knocked us both over. I had to take my fingers away from her and grab her around her waist to hold her up.

She replaced my fingers with her own and began a steady "Ungh, ungh, ungh," chant as she fingered herself through the aftershocks. As her orgasm subsided she stopped groaning and leaned back against me.

"I think that was the best orgasm I ever had," Beth said, "Thank you."

"Hey, thank you," I said, "That last one was probably my best one ever too." We had a good laugh, then kissed again for a few minutes and let the water wash over us. Finally, Beth turned off the shower and handed me a towel. We dried ourselves off and headed back to her room.

"Are you ready for bed?" Beth asked, "I'm pretty tired."

"Yeah, I think so," I replied. It was then that I realized that I didn't bring my boxers over. "Umm, I don't have anything to wear," I said.
