 DISCLAIMER: The story you are about to read is purely fictional.  Any possible similarities between the characters and events with people in real life are purely coincidental.

*******************

So here I am, in a new neighborhood.  I thought I could say goodbye to my past and start a new life here.  The past few years have not been good for me.  I had graduated college in the mid-90s and began a promising career as a web designer, at least I thought it was promising until the dot com crash followed by 9/11 and the recession that GW Bush seems to think doesn't exist.

On top of that, I was about to propose to my girlfriend of three years, when she hit me with the silly reality of her family.  Her parents didn't like me because I was not of their ethnic cultural background, so they forbade her from marrying me.  I thought this was America, she's a free person, she would tell her parents to let her live her own life.

I was wrong.  She called me in tears one night and said she cannot go against her family.  She told me not to call or see her ever again.  You can imagine how crushed I felt and also how embarrassed I was at wasting three years in a relationship with her only to be dumped because I was not of her ethnic background.

Hurt and humiliated, I lost myself in my work as a web designer.  It took some time, but after a load of BS and some freelance jobs, I managed to snag a good job in a cool firm.  On top of that, this was one of those design firms that tried to save on overhead, so I pretty much could work from home.  I occasionally had to go downtown for a meeting, but most of my work was at home and communication was over e-mail and phone.  What a sweet deal.

Seeing as that I was 28 years old, living with my parents, and still embarrassed at my failed relationship, I needed a change of surroundings.  While I didn't want to leave my home city of Chicago, I knew the city was big enough to get far away from all the garbage I had endured for the last number of years.  I found a nice deal just outside of the city in a small suburb named Evanston.  A 2-bedroom bungalow house.  In less than a month, I had my savings down as a payment and I was on my own with my sense of dignity returning.

Winters in the Chicagoland area are harsh, comparable to a summer day in Siberia.  I had spent my first two months in my new place with not much more companionship than my computer, the internet, my TV, and the occasional friend who would drop by to see how I was doing.

April hit, and I was finally treated to a gorgeous day.  I opened my windows and let the warm Spring air enter my catacomb of a house, airing out the smell of months of hibernation.  I sat at my desk fixing a graphic for a client when my eyes glanced out of my window...

...and I saw her.

Normally, I don't take interest in my neighbors' activities and movements, but I glanced out my window to see a vision of beauty and sexuality in the yard next door to mine.  She was radiant, with long flowing straight dark hair and creamy white skin.  She was dressed in a tiny pair of athletic shorts that covered her deliciously round ass with a tight baby t-shirt keeping her perfectly shaped chest held in place.  I couldn't tell if she was wearing a bra, but at that moment I didn't care.  She was tossing a bag of garbage into her can when she glanced up and saw me looking at her.  I quickly turned my head back at my computer, but not before I saw her flash a smile up at me through the corner of my eye.

Ever vigilant, I pushed myself to get back to work, but I couldn't concentrate?  My mind was on the gorgeous female figure right next door to me.  Who is she?  Where did she come from?  Is she single?  And the most important one to me...is she legal?

Unable to concentrate, I saved my files and decided I needed a break.  I fixed myself a hot cup of green tea and headed out to my front porch with a magazine.  I loved my porch...all concrete and brick, built to last.  A few minutes passed and I was deep in an article about John Digweed when I heard a semi-seductive voice:

"Mixer?"

I looked up from my magazine and Digweed was now the last thing on my mind, as I looked to see my gorgeous neighbor standing before me.  She looked incredible in her little athletic shorts and baby t-shirt.  Not wanting to stare, I muttered the first thing that came to my mind.

"Huh?"

She replied: "Mixer Magazine?  I never heard of that."

I said: "Oh!  It's a club culture magazine.  It covers nightclubs, DJs, raves, etc.  I like it.  So what's your name?"

She replied: "My name is Crissy.  What's yours?"

I managed to get my libido out of my mind and get a little charming at this point.

"My name is Mark.  Crissy huh?"

Crissy: "Well, my name is actually Cristina, but everyone calls me Crissy."

Mark: "Funny, you don't look like a Crissy."

Crissy giggled and said: "What's that supposed to mean?  Like all the Crissy's in the world are supposed to be ditzy blondes?  They can be hot intelligent brunettes like me too!"

Mark: "Ooooooookay...I see modesty is not a trait for you."

Crissy giggled again, and said: "You're funny.  I saw you move in here back in February.  How come I never see you out?"

Mark: "Well, I don't like winter very much."

Crissy: "But you live in the Chicagoland area."

Mark: "True.  I'm crazy in the fact that I love Chicago, but I hate winter.  Sounds nutty, doesn't it?"

Crissy: "Yeah."

I offered Crissy something to drink, and she gladly accepted.  I led her inside my house as we got to the kitchen.

Crissy: "I like what you did with this place.  You live here alone?"

I reached into the fridge and handed her a bottle of water.  "Unfortunately yes."

Crissy: "No wife or girlfriend?"

Mark: "No."

After some conversation, I found out she was the eighteen year-old daughter of my neighbors, which did not help my situation.  Being 28, you regularly don't like the idea of dating, much less hopefully sleeping with, someone ten years younger than yourself, unless you are some kind of pervert.  Yeah she was legal, but too young.  I could only see trouble if I pursued her, so I registered the "keep her as a friend" logic in my mind and showed her around my house.  Crissy and I made our way to the living room, where she noticed a pair of turntables with a mixer as well as several shelves of records.

Crissy: "I didn't know you were a DJ!"

Mark: "Well, not anymore.  I gave it up a few years ago.  Too much garbage and too much politics.  I work as a web designer now."

I sat down on the sofa and looked at a Dali print on the wall, trying my best not to look at Crissy's gorgeously tight curves.  Unfortunately, she plopped herself down next to me, resting her hand on my shoulder with her large breasts jutted in my face, taking in her semi-seductive voice.

Crissy: "So why doesn't a cute guy like you have a girlfriend?  Are you gay?"

Mark: "Ummm...no.  It's a long story."

Crissy:  "I've got time.  Spring Break lasts til the end of the week."

Mark: "Unfortunately, I don't.  I have to get back to work.  You're welcome to hang out if you want."

The afternoon became a trying time for me as I worked a few feet from a gorgeous woman I could not have.  We were upstairs in my home office with me at my computer and Crissy relaxing on a couch that I had in there.  I passed some time by telling Crissy the sad tale of my screwed up love life, which got some giggles and a sympathetic "awwww" when I got to the broken engagement.  I had also directed Crissy to a drawer where I kept more issues of my DJ/raver magazines.  She was flipping through one issue, when she ran across an ad for a web site...raverporn.com

Crissy: "I can't believe this!  You ravers have porn sites?"

My usual reply of "Huh?" muttered out as I glanced off the web banners I was designing.

Crissy: "So how do they do it?  Do they take hot little raver girls and dress them up in the fuzzy outfits and have them pose all naughty like this?"

At that moment, I saw Crissy sprawled out on the carpet in my office.  She looked like she could be posing for Playboy with her gorgeous body laying in a very sexy pose.  I grew a little nervous and incredibly horny.  Here I had a girl that Hugh Hefner would die to make a centerfold lying on the floor in my office...yet my sense of logic and morals raced in.  "She's too young" I told myself, and I muttered an answer nervously.

"Um...I guess so.  I've never been to that site."

Crissy then got up from the carpet and shocked me by sitting in my lap.  Her large C-cup breasts were now in front of me, mere inches from my mouth.  She then spoke in a quieter, even more seductive voice.

Crissy: "You like me, don't you?"

Mark: "Crissy, I..."

Crissy: "Yes or no Mark?  You like me.  I know you do.  I saw you staring out at me when I was taking the garbage out.  I also can feel the hard-on growing in your pants.  You'd love more than anything right now for us to get completely naked and make love like animals in your bedroom the rest of the afternoon."

I was nervous as hell, and all I could say was: "Um...Crissy..."

Crissy: "Come on Mark.  Don't deny yourself.  I've had plenty of stupid football players at my high school drool all over me day after day, but I don't go into that cheerleader thing.  I like a sophisticated, creative guy like you.  Someone who can actually have a conversation with me instead of chugging a beer and try to drunkenly get into my pants."

Mark: "Crissy!  I know you are technically legal, but I can't do this!  I'm 28 years old!  You live right next door.  What if your parents found out you were sleeping with a guy ten years older than you?"

Crissy then stood up and grabbed the bottom of her baby t-shirt, lifting it.  At that moment, my heart raced as her beautifully firm breasts came into full view, which also answered my question...she was not wearing a bra.  Her long dark hair flowed back down as her baby t-shirt was now totally removed and on the floor.  She then spoke.

Crissy: "Don't worry about my parents.  To them, I am their little honors student.  I get straight A's, I don't drink, I don't smoke, I don't do drugs like those ravers I see in your magazines..."

Crissy then reached down into her tight shorts, pulling out a condom.

Crissy: "...and I don't do stupid things that will get me pregnant or diseased."

Crissy put the condom on the end of my desk as she sat back in my lap.  She then grabbed me by my neck and brought her lips to mine, drowning me in a deep kiss.  Shockwaves raced through my entire body as drenched me in her sweet kiss.  I felt her tongue touch my lips, so I opened my mouth and welcomed her tongue to mine.  My hands slid all over her back, pulling her into a straddling position.  I could feel her heat through her shorts as my hands slid all over her back.  I slid one hand over her ass, feeling how tight and perfect it was.  My mouth left hers as it started to slide all over her neck.

Crissy: "Ooooohhhhh Mark....yes!"

My lips slid up and down her neck as my hands held her back to keep her next to me.  Crissy arched her back, giving me a full view of her gorgeous breasts as she grinded her hot crotch all over the hard-on raging in my pants.  I planted small kisses all around her left breast, teasing her, getting closer and closer to her areola.  Finally, I took her nipple into my mouth and sucked hard, like a small child nursing.

Crissy: "Oooooohhhhhh God!"

I felt her get nipple get hard in my mouth.  My one hand remained on her back to support Crissy in my lap, but my other slid underneath her shorts, caressing the firm flesh of her ass.  After a few minutes of nibbling and sucking on her left nipple, I moved over to the right.  Taking her nipple in my mouth, sucking on it, feeling it grow hard, and letting it pop out of my mouth.  Crissy let out a moan with every pop as I moved my one hand from her ass to her left breast, kneading it like bread dough.

Crissy: "MMmmmmm...that's what I need...a real man...an experienced man!"

Crissy then leaned back, propping her hands on my knees.  My two hands then slid up her body taking a breast in each.  We sat there for a few minutes, me kneading and massaging her gorgeous rack and her smiling.   Crissy then pushed herself off me and stood up.  She grabbed the condom off my desk and then took my hand.

Crissy: "Come on...if we're doing this, I want it done on that nice bed of yours!"

Crissy took my arms and wrapped them around her body as I held her close, nibbling on her neck.  She let out a gasp of pleasure and smiled as she led me to my bedroom.

Crissy: "Mmmmmm...you don't give a girl a chance, do you?"

Mark: "I try not to.  I'm not a wham-bam-thank-you-ma'am kind of a guy"

Crissy: "Good, then I know I made a good choice in you."

Crissy then shoved me down onto my bed.  I landed on my back with her standing there topless before me.

Crissy: "Now it's my turn!"

Crissy then straddled herself onto my body, placing her lips to mine, drowning me in another one of her passionate kisses.  Out tongues danced a waltz of pure eroticism as my hands slid up and down all over her gorgeous body, feeling her skin tingle at my touch.  Crissy pulled me up slightly and pulled my t-shirt off, revealing my surprisingly hairless chest.

Crissy: "Oh my God...don't tell me you shave?"

Mark: "No.  I was just born this way."

With a seductive smile, Crissy went to work on my sensitive skin the same way as I did earlier.  She planted soft kisses and slid her lips up and down my neck area, reaching my chest.  I was thankful I had been working out for the past year, so the small amount of pudge I had was moreover gone.  It didn't seem to matter to Crissy as she licked and sucked on my nipples, sending shivers up and down my spine.

Mark: "Now I know why you women love it when guys play with your breasts!"

Crissy continued to kiss and lick herself all the way down to my waist, when she climbed off me.  I looked up at her as she smiled and said,

Crissy: "Don't worry baby...I'll be back there soon enough to ride that nice hard cock of yours.  I just don't want you exploding too soon."

With that, Crissy quickly undid my belt and pulled my jeans and underwear off my body, tossing them aside.  Now I was completely naked and at the will of this gorgeous girl in front of me.   Crissy got on her knees and licked her lips at the sight of my hard cock in front of her.  She slowly slid her hands up my thighs and lowered her face to my manhood, planting a small kiss on the head.  I immediately twinged at the sensation of her soft lips on my head.  She then took my hard cock in her hand and ran her tongue up and down it several times.  Crissy also ran her tongue over my swollen balls, moving them around with the tip of her tongue.  I pretty much knew at this point that she has had experience in this.

After enough licking, Crissy took the head of my cock in her moist mouth.  All at once, I could feel her lips suction on my hard cock while her tongue swirled and moved all over the cockhead in her mouth.  She then slowly lowered her mouth, taking my cock deeper and deeper in her wonderful mouth.  I couldn't see much at this point, as my mind raced in pure ecstasy.  All I could see was Crissy's head on my cock, her nose on my pubic hairs and the rest of her hair draped all over my crotch area.  Crissy then sucked hard and started to raise her head up, stopping when only my cockhead was in her mouth.  Still sucking, still swirling her tongue all around inside.

As my breathing became deeper and harder, Crissy then decided to pick up the pace.  While keeping the hard suction up, she started to bob her head up and down on my hard cock in a modest speed.  She also took one of her hands and started to massage my swollen balls.  I was in pure heaven, but I did not know how much more I could take.

Mark: "Ohhhhhhhh...Crissy!"

She took that as a positive sign, and suddenly her speed quickened.  I sat and watched as she bobbed her head up and down very quickly.  I was almost worried she would get whiplash doing that, but I let her go anyway.  Feeling her soft lips suctioning on my cock, her tongue on my underside, her fingers kneading my balls the same way I did her breasts.  I could only imagine how fucking her would feel.

I felt things starting to surge, and it pretty much meant I was ready to explode.  Ever the gentleman, I gave a warning.

Mark: "Crissy...I'm going to cum!"

Apparently, she took this as a sign to move harder.  She brought her luscious lips to the head of my cock, sucking hard on it while her one hand continued to massage my balls.  She took her other hand and began to stroke and twist my shaft in a slightly rough fashion.  That was all I could take.

Mark: "Uuuuuuuuhhhhhhh!!!!"

My first shot of hot cum fired out of my cock like a bullet, splashing against the back of her throat.  Crissy took it all.  She relentlessly stroked my cock and squeezed my balls as she sucked every last drop of cum out of my cock like a straw.  I guess she was not into the whole "shooting it on her tits or face" thing.  I felt like time stopped as my cock pumped more and more cum into Crissy's mouth.

Minutes passed, and I just lay there, my heart rate slowing itself.  Crissy was staring at me, extending her tongue out to tease and taste my cock, her tongue nuzzling in the opening on my cockhead.

Mark: "That was incredible!"

Crissy: "Why thank you.  Now are you gonna leave me hanging?  Or return the favor?"

I got up immediately and lifted Crissy into my arms, planting a deep kiss on her.  I could taste some of my own cum in her mouth, but it didn't matter to me.  I pulled her head away and stared deep into her eyes.

Mark: "Madame...it would be my pleasure!"

Eager to please the gorgeous woman who gave me a hell of a blowjob, I laid Crissy on her back and snuggled up next to her, bringing my lips to hers.  We made out for a few minutes as I let my free hand roam all over her half-naked body.  Caressing her breasts, sliding down her toned abs, and into her shorts.  My lips left hers and immediately attacked her right breast, sucking and nibbling on it as she cradled my head in her arms.  My one hand began to massage her wet pussy under her shorts as Crissy sighed in approval.

After nibbling and sucking on Crissy's shapely tits for a while, I made my way downward, planting small kisses all over her stomach.  I made her giggle when I took the tip of my tongue and  nuzzled her navel.  I made my way between her legs, lifting them up in the air as I grabbed the elastic of her shorts with my fingers, sliding them off her glorious body.

After tossing the shorts aside, I finally got a look at her completely naked body.  She was a goddess.  I stared for a moment and thanked whoever was watching me from above for this beautiful girl.  I spread her legs apart with my hands and lowered myself to her glistening pussy.  The scent of her sex was intoxicating as I inhaled deeply.  Her pussy looked so wet that I was in heaven.  I gently blew air on her pussy, sending shivers up and down Crissy's spine.

Crissy: "Oooooohhhhhhh."

Not wanting to tease any further, I took my tongue and ran in from the bottom of her pussy to the top.  She tasted wonderful as her body convulsed to my touch.  Up and down my tongue went as I feasted on her love juices.  As I kept taking long strokes up and down her wet pussy, I started to drive my tongue deeper and deeper into her warm folds.

Crissy: "Mmmmmmmmmm...that feels sooooooo good!"

Taking this as a positive sign, I started to wiggle my tongue deeper and deeper into her wet pussy until my lips were against her pussy lips.  I drove my tongue in and out of her, fucking her pussy with my tongue, my mind looking forward to how my cock would feel inside her warm, moist pussy.  Crissy was moaning and arching her back as I worked my tongue in and out of her.  I saw her tweaking her nipples.  My hands moved up her gorgeous mounds where they massaged her breasts.  I pulled my tongue out of Crissy's pussy and wrapped my lips around her clitoris.  I then sucked hard on her clitoris while swirling my tongue all around her clitoris in my mouth.
