 Late on Sunday morning, I sat at the kitchen table studying the box scores from spring training. Lisa, my girlfriend of the past few months, was busy making breakfast on the old stove, clanging pots around as she cooked me an omelet. Lisa was a teammate of mine on the fencing team. I had pursued her for months, trying to get her to go out, even though she was seeing another fencer. I would call, and leave her messages in her gear at the gym, and anything else to get her attention. We finally started dating after I unexpectedly saw her at an off-campus party and a night of drunken dancing. I really enjoyed being with Lisa; yet, I was starting to wonder if chasing her as a girlfriend was not the best part of the relationship. Then the other reason for my growing ambivalence about my girlfriend strode into the room.

Itza was a tall, dark olive-skinned Latina. She was a gym rat who loved to work out, and had always walked with a proud and almost haughty air. At 5'6" and 115 pounds, she had an unbelievably hot body, incredibly toned, with well-defined abs and legs. Lately, she had been in the gym so much that her arms and back were starting to show tights cords of lithe muscles. Itza's best feature was a set of large, firm tits, which jutted out prominently on her upper body. She took every opportunity to show off her body -- often wearing shorts and a fitted workout top. Yet, she was also very feminine, with long thick black hair, and a devastating smile. When she looked at you, you just felt the heat from her almost-black eyes. 

Itza dropped herself into the ratty kitchen chair next to me.

"Good morning, Brett," she said simply, but with a sultry undertone that was not missed by Lisa, who banged a pot on the old stove in response. The kitchen, hot and humid in the spring heat wave, was stifling. Lisa continued to make breakfast, and ignored her roommate. I said something in response, but buried my head further in the paper.

"Hi, Lisa, how did you sleep?" continued Itza, ignoring her snub.

"Great, Itza, thanks," Lisa answered, as she kept cooking, but with a clear attempt to avoid any argument. The girls actually liked each other, but their competitive personalities often caused tension, and occasional knock down fights. I knew enough about both of them to keep my head down during these moments. Unfortunately, Itza had other ideas this morning.

"I saw Matt yesterday on the Mall," she said lightly. Matt was Lisa's previous boyfriend, and our teammate. Itza rolled this comment out, and waited for the inevitable explosion, but Lisa disappointed her, and continued making breakfast.

"He looked good ..." she continued. As she said this, her hand reached under the table, and I felt her long fingers on my upper leg. Itza searched for my cock, and finding it through the fabric of my basketball shorts, began stroking it. Lisa kept her back to us, as Itza's hand worked my hardening prick. I stared into the paper, eyes no longer focusing, as my cock lengthened rapidly. The thick shaft pushed the bulbous cock head down my leg toward the opening of my shorts.

"I see him every day, Itza, remember?" Lisa riposted dismissively. Itza's hand stopped momentarily, anticipating that she would have to retract it, if Lisa turned around. When she did not, she gave my prick a squeeze, and continued to work it. She smiled wickedly at me, as our eyes met. 

"But he was with someone," Itza continued in mock seriousness. At this moment, Lisa turned around abruptly with a pan full of eggs and potatoes, and Itza had to pull her hand back quickly as she approached the kitchen table.

"Thanks, babe, you are the best!" I exclaimed, trying to break the tension, as I started to dig into breakfast, Lisa leaned over and kissed me warmly on the cheek.

"I am going to shower, OK?" she said with a forced smile, as she headed out of the kitchen. She must have been in a good mood from our long bout of fucking the previous night, and simply chose to avoid the inevitable argument with Itza. Once we could hear Lisa ascending the front stairs of the old house, Itza's hand returned to my still-throbbing cock, and she leaned over to whisper.

"Brett ... please ... I want to feel your huge cock again, Big Man."

----------

Earlier in the morning, before sunrise, I was in the upstairs hallway trying to get to the bathroom without making a racket. Lisa and I had a nice long fuck earlier -- my faithful girlfriend had taken a hot load of spunk in her mouth and then one in her pussy. After a few hours of sleep, I had woken up for my usual early-morning run. I was looking forward to pounding out the three miles around the golf course and a shower. The house was a typical off-campus student apartment, a shabby Victorian with no air conditioning. The spring heat wave did not allow the outside temperature to go below 80 degrees overnight, and the old wooden clapboard seemed to retain a lot of heat and humidity. Suddenly, I heard someone else in the dark hallway.

"Brett ..." the figure whispered.

Recognizing the slight Castilian lisp in her voice, I knew it was Itza.

"Fuck ... sorry, I didn't mean to wake you up," I answered, trying not to be too loud in the silent house.

"Aiee, Brett, like earlier?" she answered with a mischievous and mocking tone. Itza moved closer, and I could now see her face and sleep-disheveled jet-black hair. She was wearing an oversized football jersey, with a white '12' emblazoned on a maroon shirt. Her large tits were pushing the front of her shirt out in two remarkable cones of flesh and fabric.

"Umm ... sorry, I mean ..." I stammered, and caught not knowing what to say.

"Don't be embarrassed," she said simply, as she reached out toward my bare chest. Her long, red fingernail found a nipple on my bare, sweaty chest as she started to lightly trace around it. 

"Perhaps, I like listening to you and Lisa," she said in a whisper. I remember exhaling slightly as her other hand reached out to rest on my broad pectoral muscles. She seemed drawn closer to my chest, still fingering my one nipple, as it reacted to her touch. She started to run both hands over my torso, tracing along the cuts in my abdominals. At 6'2", my height put her eyes level with my muscled chest. Over the last three years, I had worked hard -- three hours of fencing practice a day and hours more weightlifting and swimming. My body really responded to the regimen, and I had built it to a lean and well-muscled 200 pounds. Itza kept running her hands over my hard, flat stomach, and seemed mesmerized by sharp creases made by the moneymaker muscles on my hips.

"Itza," I began, not yet knowing whether I wanted her to stop or continue. However, before I could form any other words, Itza moved her head to my chest and took the other nipple into her mouth, biting firmly. My reaction was to reach for her head and entwine my fingers in her long, black curls, and pull her into my chest. I felt Itza's hand travel again down my stomach, trace over my loose basketball shorts and onto my leg. My cock, a long tumescent tube of flesh, big and distended from fucking Lisa just a few hours before, had been lengthening. Rapidly hardening, my prick was now searching for the opening of my shorts, nearly exposed to the humid night. Itza's searching hand found my spear, and she grasped it tightly through the straining material. She pulled away from my abused nipple, trailing her tongue off as her head moved backwards.

"You are a big man, Brett, just like Lisa told me," she breathed. "I thought she was bragging, but it's true, you are fucking huge, unbelievable." Her hand started to push up and down on my shaft, still trapped in my shorts, but fully hard now, and almost showing below my long shorts. Itza suddenly dropped to her knees, her face and mass of thick black hair in my crotch. Her long fingers continued to stroke my cock, pushing it from side to side. She pulled my shorts down and exposed my long cock. I heard a sharp exhalation and felt her hot breath on my exposed shaft.

"You are fucking huge, I have never seen any man as big," she murmured again as she tried to wrap her lithe hand around my now pulsing cock.

"It must be a foot long and as thick as my arm," she continued in awe as she worked her hand up and down my cock, pausing just behind the head to squeeze hard on the shaft, causing the engorged purple head to swell to the size of a ripe plum. My cock now pointed straight out from my body, waving slightly over Itza's head as she kneeled in front of me. Her tongue reached out, and flicked at the spot right behind the piss slit, and she started to trace wetly along the underside of my hard cock. I kept silent, enjoying the pure sensation of her tongue on my veined shaft. Itza was making these small mewing sounds, as she traced along the underside of my prick -- flicking, dragging, and gently pushing her wet tongue along my cock.

"Big man!" she said simply as she finally paused from bathing my cock with her spit. She moved her head back and pulled down on my cock, aiming the monstrous head at her open mouth. Not hesitating, her head snapped forward and buried the cock head in her mouth. I kept my hand wrapped tightly in her tresses, and watched as inch after inch sank into her hot, moist mouth.

"Do it, Itza, let me see you take it," I said ardently as she kept forcing my prick deeper. I was starting to breathe heavily, and was stunned to see that she could swallow more than the bulbous head. Few women could. I watched silently as her mouth enveloped my prick.

I knew my cock is enormous, bigger than almost any other guy, and I drank in her admiration. I matured early, growing to over 6 feet by the time I was 14 years old, and to my full height by junior year in high school. Like any teenage boy, I was very conscious of my prick and how it compared to other guys' equipment. I had seen my dad naked, and knew that his flaccid cock stretched halfway to his knees. I just assumed that mine cock would grow as big. My mom, a liberated woman, bought Playgirl magazine to show that she could do anything a man could do. I would steal these, and compare myself to the 20- and 30-something models. I was bigger than every one of them, except for one guy, a hard-muscled cowboy with an enormous curved cock that reached up to his chest. At the time, I remember thinking how he must get any women he wanted, just because of his hug cock. Fully hard, my cock is 11 and half inches long, and 7 inches around. Since I lost my virginity, I had known how much my cock affected women. Every one of them had reacted to it -- good or bad -- and it was the reactions that turned me on most.

"Mmm ... you taste good ... you taste like pussy," breathed Itza as she released my cock from her stretched mouth. Her sharp tongue started to probe around my balls again, lapping at the musky orbs. I watched her from above, as Itza kept flicking at my nuts and bathing them in spit. Her hand pushed on my hard prick, forcing it upward and against my tight muscled stomach. I felt her tongue trace up the entire length from my sweaty sac to the tip of my monster, as she licked at the pre-cum oozing from its eye.

"I need you to fuck me, Brett, Big Man, I need this in my pussy."

Itza stood up and simply grabbed my cock with her hand. Turning around, she kept her hand wrapped around the thick shaft, her fingers unable to completely encircle the long spear. Itza walked to her bedroom door, leading my by my hard cock. I had to quickly kick my shorts free to not fall on my face as she pulled me forward. 

Once inside her room, I closed the door as Itza pulls off her jersey. In the pre-dawn light, I saw her entire body for the first time. Itza had showed off so often that I thought it would be familiar -- she wore so many revealing shirts or shorts. Yet, I was unprepared for how luscious she was in the flesh. Her toned body glowed in the partial light of her bedroom. My eyes drank in her jutting breasts sitting high on her lithe torso, her slight hips and long legs, all waiting for me. 

Not yet satisfied, Itza sank again to her knees and grasped my rod. She squeezed hard on the shaft, causing the skin of my prick to swell and darken. Itza opened her mouth and thrust her heard toward the engorged cock head, burying it in her mouth. She started to move her head back and forth, each time impaling herself and taking more of my hard cock. I grasped her hair again, and encouraged her to take more; not believing it was possible, and amazed at her ability to swallow my cock. Most women would lick my cock, and perhaps manage to take the head and an inch or two. Itza had swallowed almost half of my cock in her delicious fuck hole of a mouth.

Itza released my cock head from her lips with a loud pop, and lay back on the bed. As my spit-coated prick swung back and forth in front of her, I reached down and grabbed her arm, and urged her to turn over. I caught a slight smile on her face, as she twisted around and stretched her well-toned body onto the bed. She buried her face in the pillow, and reached out toward the headboard, grasping it with both hands. I remember the dark hue of her olive skin against the pure-white of the sheets she must have taken from the dorms. My hands found her taut, rounded ass as I moved to straddle her legs. I pulled her ass cheeks apart to reveal her perfect rosebud and her glistening pussy lips -- soft, pink and ready to be opened with my cock.

"Oh ... please" she breathed into the pillow enveloping her face.

My hands were planted on either side of her, bracing the weight of my upper body, as I slowly rubbed my cock head up and down in her moist slit. Pushing the lips apart with my prick, I coated the purple head with her cunt juices. I didn't use my hands, and just let my hardened cock probe her hot hole as my hips moved up and down. Teasing her, making her wait, I pushed down onto her clit, mashing it from behind with my hard fuck stick.

Muffled by her pillow, Itza cried out, "Fuck me big man, fuck me now!"

I pushed slowly into Itza's pussy, feeling her pussy lips stretch to accommodate my thick shaft and engorged cock head. Inch after inch sank into her cunt, as I took more of her. I started to feel slight tremors in Itza that would rise and fall. Each wave would build, crest, and recede, like waves crashing onto a beach. Itza would lie still for a minute, and then I would feel her body tense as another spasm passed through her pussy. I kept pushing slowly in, penetrating her and filling her with m cock.

"Oh ... fuck... fuck..." she moaned, as I sank deeper into her hot, wet recesses.

I kept pushing, as her wet pussy unfolded around my cock, and more of the shaft skewered Itza. Five, six, seven inches of cock filled her trembling pussy.

"AIEE! Brett!" she gasped. "Usted tiene un martillo enorme!" I did not understand the rest of what Itza said, crying out in Spanish and thrashing her head from side to side.

With my hands planted on either side of her ass, and legs straddling hers, I kept pushing down and forward, slowly invading her. My prick pushed along the front of her cunt, pushing hard against its hot confines, and stretching her walls. Eight, nine, ten inches of meat was now inside her hot cunt. No woman had taken all of me, and the possibility of burying my entire length into Itza's pussy drove me further, deeper into her womanhood.

I was breathing heavily now, as the sweat dripped off my chest in the early morning heat of Itza's bedroom. As I continued to ram into her, big drops of sweat would run off my pectoral muscles and hit her back. Itza was emitting long, low moans, unintelligible words in Spanish and English as I kept up my assault on her cunt. I finally felt my balls rest against her upturned ass, and exhaled hard as I realized that this unbelievable girl had taken my entire prick. 11 and half inches of cock were now deep inside her pussy, and the rise and fall of her pussy tremors were happening more frequently.

"Itza... babe... fuck, you are unbelievable," I gasped. Usually, I could only get seven or eight inches into a girlfriend before I felt the hard and unyielding knot of muscles that made up her cervix. Experience had taught me to be careful as I bottomed out. It was too easy to cause pain instead of pleasure, as my cock head pushed into her deepest point. I had learned to gently massage a woman's cervix, rubbing the engorged head into the door to her womb. Yet, Itza lay underneath me, still eluding my prick, unconquered.

My unsatisfied lust demanded that I find her inner door. I arched my back and removed my hands from the bed. My torso moved backwards, balancing my body over her ass with my prick still completely inside her quivering cunt. Stretching my arms out to the side, my muscled body made a huge cross of sweat-covered arms, chest, legs, and prick. I flexed my chest and arms to make my muscles jump. My weight forced my cock slightly deeper into Itza's cunt, and finally nestled my cock head into her cervix. 

"Itza, I have taken your cunt, I have taken all of you," I breathed. "Cunt" is a powerful word for a woman, and it had the affect I needed from Itza at that moment.

"AIEE... FUCK!" she cried out, burying her head into the pillow, as her hands grasped tightly onto the headboard. I felt a new wave of powerful contractions in her pussy, and a tremor run through her hips and ass, as my cock head continued to push gently into her womb entrance.

As the early morning light started to enter her bedroom, I started to hear voices on the street below. Over Itza's moans and my breathing, several students passed by, talking on their way to early Mass.

I leaned forward again, bracing my hands on Itza's ass, and started to pull my long shaft from her pussy. As my cock retreated, I could feel the sweet pull of her sugar walls. I pushed my hips back until only the turgid head remained wedged inside her pussy. Pushing my hips forward, I started to pump in again, now with the measure of her cunt, I knew that my prick would only strike her cervix with a deep hammering thrust into her sex.

Finally, after a long ride, I needed to cum. Pumping hard into Itza, I felt my cock head push again into her cervix. Holding my breath, I let the contractions of my balls overcome any control, and spurt after spurt of spunk erupted from my cock and struck against her womb head. I felt my balls contracting, as more cum erupted through my long shaft and filling Itza's soaked cunt. Itza was moaning continuously now, her hands still grasping the headboard, her head buried into her pillow.

Exhausted after my third cum in the last six hours, I pulled my cock from her pussy, and felt the rush of spunk as I left her gaping hole unfilled. Leaning back, I watched as globs of white cum oozed from her puffy slit to whiten the olive skin of her legs and ass. Admiring my work, I reached out to push my fingers onto her slippery mound. 

Itza lunged forward on the bed and shrieked, "Jesus, no, Brett, I am too sensitive!" Smiling, I let my fingers wander over her ass, but kept kneading her flesh, and spreading the thick goo of my cum. I leaned over her, and kissed her back tenderly. My fingers moved back to her pussy, and this time Itza only moaned, and twisted her hips slightly. I started to grind my fingertips into her stretched hole, and found her clit. It felt big and almost hot to the touch. I wanted to make her cum again, to watch her body contort itself again.

"Fuck, Big Man, You have stolen my pussy with your huge cock, it is yours now, only yours," she whispered, her head in the pillow, as I kept rubbing her pussy from behind.

"My pussy," I said simply and proudly. I felt Itza tense again, and shockwaves of pleasure rippled through her body. My probing fingertips felt the electricity, as her pussy once more shuddered in orgasm. Itza let out a long, low moan as her body maintained this peak for a long moment, sending visible shivers through her legs. For a long time, neither of us moved, until finally, she turned and reached for my arm, and pulled me down to the bed beside her prone body. I kissed Itza long and ardently, as we laid the bed. However, it was getting late, and I remembered my girlfriend sleeping down the hall. Not sure how to leave, I simply stood up. Pulling my shorts over my half-hard prick, I escaped back into the hall and then safely into the bathroom to shower.
