 Things have been going well and I still get occasional BJs from Liz.  But if you recall I had left you a little teaser about my activities with Suzanne. Suzanne is completely different from Liz.  Suzanne is 21 years old, just out of college, and 5'7" with straight dark hair.  She's thin and has small breasts but has a nice backside.  The first thing that drew me to Suzanne was her ass.  I was just obsessed with it.

Suzanne started working here just after Liz but she works in my department.  I did not do any of her training.  She came to the job knowing what she needed to do.  She started talking to me after she learned about the candy in my desk.  We chatted about married life and kids. She was a new mom and was curious about how it had affected my life.  Eventually we got down to brass tacks and she asked about my sex life.  I joked (sort of) and said that it affected my wife more than me.  She laughed and we started having regular chats about sex.

This story has to do with a Saturday that both of us got stuck at work to complete an "emergency" data collection project.  We ended up in front of workstations next to each other entering data for our parent company.  As usual our conversation slipped into sex talk.  Maybe it was because nobody else was there or maybe she was just really comfortable but she really started to let loose with info.  She started telling me more and more about what she liked and disliked in graphic detail.  I had never seen this side of her.  

Suzanne told me that she loves giving blowjobs.  She loved the fact that she could be dominant and be completely in control of the situation while appearing to be submissive. 

"I love the power I feel when a penis starts to get hard in my mouth.  I love that I can do that to a man. That's why I always start with a blowjob.  I feel like I'm in charge from the start," Suzanne confided in me.

I asked her, "Do you feel the same applies when a guy goes down on you?  Are guys in a dominant position appearing to be submissive?" 

"No.  I don't let them.  I control when and how I cum."

"Well, you sound like a budding dominatrix," I joked.

We laughed together and got back to work.  A bit later we decided to order lunch and we took a break in my office while we were waiting for the food to arrive.  Again we started chatting about sex and she asked me if I had ever cheated on my wife.  I admitted that I had thought about it but I was unwilling to reveal to her the details of what I had really done.

"I've been attracted to other guys lately and I didn't know if that was normal," she said.

"Well I can tell you that I've not been attracted to other guys but I have been attracted to women."

She laughed nervously and asked me, "Have you been attracted to me?"

"No," I lied.

"Really, why not?" she asked.  I could see that her feelings were hurt.

"You're too aggressive, too pushy."  

"What about physically," she asked, "what do you think of my body? Tell me as candidly as possible."

"Are you asking me if I would fuck you if I had the chance?" I asked playfully.

"Well, yeah I guess," she responded. "Am I hot enough to fuck?"

I didn't answer right away and I could tell that hurt her feelings.  When she got quiet and shied away a bit I told her I was ready to answer her question.  She perked up a little bit and I walked over to her and kissed her.  Her eyes bulged when my tongue quickly found its way into her mouth. After a few seconds she started to relax and return my kiss.  We sat there for a few minutes probing each other's mouths with our tongues.  I was holding her close to me and reached for her bra snap through her shirt.  As soon as it came apart in the back I immediately broke our kiss and as fast as I could I pulled her shirt and bra over her head and off her body.  In one motion she was completely topless in my office and she looked somewhat shocked.

"What are you doing?" she asked.  By the smile on her face I think she had some idea and liked it.  What she didn't know was that I wasn't going to let this go the direction she thought it would.  I was going to make this dominant, aggressive woman submit to me.

Without answering her I pulled her up and started to unbutton her jeans.  She kicked off her shoes and tried to help me with her pants. I pushed her hands away and then pulled her jeans and panties down so the were wrapped around her ankles.  I pushed her down into the chair and pulled the jeans off her legs and took her socks and panties as well.  There she was sitting in my office with not one thing on while I still had on all of my clothes. 

I opened the button on my jeans and unzipped my pants.  I reached into my boxer shorts and pulled my cock through the opening in the front.

"Suck my cock," I commanded.

At first she looked reluctant but then she moved in and took hold of my cock.  She started to kiss and lick my cock but that is not what I had asked for.  I grabbed my cock and stroked it a few times to harden it up a little more than it already was.  I pushed my cock between her lips and into her mouth.  I felt her resist a little and then give up.  I grabbed the sides of her head and started fucking her mouth.

"Reach around and grab my ass while you suck," I told her.  She did as she was told.  I loved this.  I have never been dominant in a sexual encounter, but I just wanted to turn the tables on her and give her something new.
I kept pushing my cock into her mouth and realized that if I kept up this action I would cum far too quickly.  So I pulled out of her mouth and watched as her saliva dripped from the head of my prick onto her chest.  I pulled her up and turned her around and told her to put her hands on my desk.  At this point I bent down and started licking her pussy.  She moaned loudly.  I made her pussy so wet that her cum started to drip down her leg.  I knew that now was the time to fuck her.  My cock still had some of her saliva on it when I positioned it at the entrance of her pussy.  I took a moment to move my cock around the outside of her hole to coat it with her juices and then asked her if she wanted me to fuck her.

"Yes, fuck me now," she whimpered. 

"Are your sure? Tell me exactly what you want."

"I want you to fuck me right here right now.  Please fuck me!"

"Tell me you're a slut that needs my cock," I said as I continued to coat my cock with her cum.

"Please fuck me, I'm a slut, a whore, I need your cock in me soooo bad!"

"Okay, I'll fuck you." I moved my cock away from her pussy and pushed the head of my cock into her ass.  This made her jump a little.  After a seconds she relaxed, but tried to pull away.  I grabbed her hips and pulled her back.  I pushed my cock forward until the entire head and first inch of my cock was in her asshole. At this point she started to push back at me and I realized that I needed to take control again so I pushed the entire length of my cock into her.

She screamed, but quickly quieted down.  After a second or two I started to pull out and then jammed it back in causing a new scream from her.  I then started to fuck her ass slowly building up to a high speed pounding of her hole.  I soon realized that I was going to cum so I started pushing into her ass even harder.  When I started to shoot my cum in her ass I let out a groan.  I kept pushing and pulling my cock in and out to milk every drop of cum into her asshole. 

When I pulled out she must have thought we were done because she started to move away from me.  I quickly pulled her back to me and started to remove my clothes.  Once I was as naked has her I had her lie on the floor. I climbed on top of her in a 69 position and put my cum covered cock fresh out of her ass into her mouth.  At the same time I started licking her pussy as if my life depended on it.  I could tell that she was starting to cum because her body was starting to spasm. Her ass was spasming as well and started to secrete the fluid that I had just deposited there.  I placed my hand under her ass to catch the cum that started to be spewed from there.

She started to scream around the cock that was between her lips as she orgasmed.  I kept licking her while she writhed beneath me.  My hand was now coated in a mixture of my cum and hers.  I stood up and pulled her up with my "clean" hand.  I told her to suck my cock clean and then proceeded to wipe our juices onto my cock.  She happily went to work licking and sucking every drop of cum of my cock and then grabbed my hand to lick off everything that was there.  

As we got dressed she told me, "I've never been fucked in the ass before."
"Well you will be fucked in the ass again," I told her.

"God, yes!" she exclaimed.

Since that day I fuck her ass every now and again.  We've talked it over and we both decided that I won't fuck her pussy because that belongs to her husband but her ass belongs to me.