 Other than the amazing hotel sex, the best part about going with my husband on his business trip was the hotel and its bathroom. The bathroom in our hotel room was as big as a small apartment I once lived in at college. In most cities a space this size was called an efficiency, but in our hotel in mid-town Manhattan it was nothing short of luxury.

The bathroom décor focused on glass and metal. A tub large enough for me and three of my best friends sat on one side of the bathroom. I promised myself that I would fantasize about my three best friends joining me in a hot bath later when I masturbated after my shower. Above the tub was a huge mirror and on the next wall, above the vanity, was another huge mirror. And close to the middle of the room was a glass box: the shower. 

I untied my silk robe and let it fall to the floor. My naked body reflected back at me on all sides, making me flushed and dizzy. My fingers traced my body from my pussy to my round, firm breasts and encircled my quickly hardening nipples. I stepped inside the Glass Box, turning around and watching myself stare back. Every angle, every side, nothing was hidden. I was completely exposed but there was no one watching.

I turned on the water and noticed the adjustable massager. You know the kind, turn the knob and make it faster and harder or softer and slower. Sometimes I wished my husband had a knob like this so I could make him fuck me faster and harder or slower and softer depending on my mood. This type of shower massager was the turning point in my pubescent life. My younger years were blessed with a detachable showerhead. It was there, in the shower at my parent's house that I learned the joys of masturbation. Turn that shower massager on high and it's just as good as any thirty dollar vibrator, except of course when your mother starts yelling about the hour long showers, two, three…okay, seven days a week. 

So here I was in this Glass Box with a showerhead that brought back many one-handed fantasies and made my nipples erect just looking at it. Needless to say, I was getting excited. 

I turned on the water and felt like a mermaid in an aquarium. The only thing missing was an audience. I began to lather myself up, watching as the water pelted down my back. I rubbed the soap over my tits, across my stomach and down into my pussy. It was then that I had the great idea to shave off all of my pussy hair. I had never shaved my pussy before but my husband had been begging me to do it for years. I drew the razor across the top of my pussy to take off the first layer. I felt erotic and continued until I was bare. Soon the bottom of my Glass Box was covered in short black curlies and the shower was beginning to steam up nicely. It was as if I was in a disappearing act as the steam started at the bottom and worked it's way up the glass box, hiding my feet, moving up my long legs, over my freshly shaved pussy and reaching my stomach. I really wanted to watch myself, especially now that I was physically equipped to relieve my horny little self. I stepped out of the shower dripping wet (in more ways the one) and opened the bathroom door. The chill from the cold air had my skin on edge and made me tingle all over.

I stepped back in my Glass Box and ran one hand over my supremely hard nipples, lightly pinching and tugging on them as I parted my legs. I felt like a Playboy centerfold and began posing. I parted my legs a little farther apart, arched my back so my tits rubbed against the glass wall, and with one hand parted the lips of my pussy. 

I took one finger and made my clit nice and hard with tiny circular movements. My head naturally went back and I wanted someone behind me, pulling my hair, and pressing his hard cock between my firm ass cheeks. Masturbating alone in the shower was fine when I was young but I was a big girl now and I wanted to be fucked. 

I balanced myself and inserted three fingers of one hand into my hot pussy. I felt myself immediately tighten around my fingers as I used my other hand to tickle my fully erect rosebud. It felt good, really good. I looked at myself in the mirror and I looked hot. I was going to cum hard and fast all over my hand but I wanted to cum a few times, over and over, with someone whispering dirty things into my ear and pounding away at my now throbbing pussy while I begged him to do me faster and faster.

I was in the middle of this excruciatingly tempting fantasy when the door to our hotel room opened. Did my husband's meeting finish early. Had the maid not seen the Do Not Disturb sign? Out of the corner of my heavily lidded eyes I saw my husband put his briefcase down. I moaned when I knew he had noticed me and started to stare. His beautiful blue eyes looked like they were about to pop out his head. I, on the other hand, was about to pop out of my skin. 

Here was my audience and I didn't want to scare him, but I realized I was pressed up against the glass wall of the shower, panting, with my hand between my legs and no trace of pubic hair to hide what I was doing. He still didn't move. His mouth began to open and I was transfixed. I was afraid he was going to disapprove until, heaven help me, his tongue came out and he licked his lips.

I smile and offered a wordless invitation into my underwater land of pleasure. He closed the door behind him as he entered the bathroom. He stood in front of me bringing new meaning to my fantasy of having an audience. My fantasy was now interactive with full crowd participation. The voyeur and actress were indistinguishable as he slowly untied his tie and unbuttoned each button of his white dress shirt. 

My mind was reeling as I began to imagine his perfect cock in my mouth. His pants dropped to the floor. He wore white satin boxers but there was nothing innocent about him. I opened the door to the Glass Box to hurry him up. The strip show was nice but my pussy was throbbing and tears were forming in my eyes. I wanted his finger on my clit and I wanted it now.

His finger touched my clit and he immediately grabbed me by the waist and pressed his mouth over my right breast using his tongue to draw circles over my hard nipple and then providing hot suction until my crotch began to involuntarily move invitingly against his thigh. I dropped to my knees and took his throbbing cock in my hands. I licked his shaft from top to bottom as the hot water streamed down on us. I licked and flicked his penis head until I felt his entire dick grow fully erect. 

I took his entire cock in my mouth sliding it in and out. Slow at first and then faster. As I sucked his amazing erection another finger teased his asshole and I silently thanked myself for trimming my fingernails earlier this morning. It didn't take much sucking before his hot load was ready to explode. I wanted to drink every drop of him as his cock convulsed in my mouth. His hands were tangled in my hair and he pulled out of my mouth. He moaned, he yelled and he shot his load all over my big tits. I rubbed it all over my tits as if it were soap and I was extremely dirty.

I stood up and he turned me around. I looked in the mirror and watched as one of his arms wrapped around my body. His fingers tugged at my nipple. His other hand was guiding his big fat cock up my hot cunt. I wanted to be fucked and fucked hard. 

"Fuck me" I whispered as I felt the tip of his head slip in my wet juicy pussy. "Fuck me as hard as you can."

In the mirror I saw his perfect white teeth as he smiled. His cock entered me and I spread my legs even more, watching as his penis disappeared into my body. He began pumping his cock in and out slowly. Teasing me. Filling me. His other hand let go of my nipple and reached down to tickle my clit. 

"Please fuck me," I yelled. Again he smiled as his thrusting began to pick up speed.

"Fuck me hard, fuck me fast, please!" I begged.

My pussy was now aching as he fucked me faster and harder just the way I liked it. He pushed my body up against the glass wall and my tits flattened out against it. He grabbed a huge chunk of my hair and pulled it back all while pumping me harder and faster with his cock. I felt my pussy clench around his meat. His was going to make me cum and every mirror reflected it. I could see his ass quivering as I felt his fingers rub over my clit. I could see my slightly parted lips, my eyes half closed and the supremely ecstatic pre-orgasmic look on my face. 

He let go of my hair and pinched my nipple. It was too much: sexual sensory overload. 

My legs began to quiver. My body tightened and suddenly I released. I started to cum and yelled out, but he didn't stop. His cock was like a locomotive and my pussy was the slick track. I came so hard I thought I was going to collapse. All the while I watched myself. My shaved pussy clenching around his penis, my body shaking and his mouth clamping down on my neck. 

I came again as my entire body was on edge. Overly stimulated while the slightest touch could set me off. After I finished he let me go. I collapsed against the glass wall of the Glass Box and watched as he stepped out. I sunk down to the floor of the shower and let the hot water run over me. He closed the glass door and said that he just came to the room to get the notes he forgot.