 Curled up on the couch, I wiggle my toes under his leg, trying to divert his attention from his video game. I had given up on reading a half hour ago, but he was so involved with achieving football glory, most of my little ploys were being ignored.

"Mike," I say softly.

"Hmm?" he asks.

"We're alone, you know," I remind him. "The girls are asleep. Keely's out. Do you really want to be playing Madden right now?"

I poke him in the thigh with one foot and he glances over at me. I pull my shirt collar to the side and show him the thin blue strap over my shoulder.

"Is that . . .?" Mike starts to say.

"Come upstairs and find out," I offer, getting up off the couch. Halfway across the living room, I strip off my t-shirt and turn around to face him. A teddy coupled with jeans isn't the sexiest ensemble, but it gets him off the couch.

I let Mike catch me in the hallway and push me against the wall. I slap his hands away from the button on my jeans and slide them down my legs slowly myself. Mike tilts his head to watch and I lean in to kiss the exposed side of his neck. I curl my arms around Mike slowly and pull him to me as I tease the soft skin on his neck with my lips. Mike's fingers trace the bare skin of my shoulders and down my back, raising goosebumps as he goes. I stop kissing him long enough to let out a little whimper.

"Shhhhhh," Mike hushes me. "You'll wake everyone up."

I untangle myself from around him and take his hand, leading him into my bedroom. Closing the door behind us, I push Mike across the room with one finger in the middle of his chest to my bed. Once the backs of Mike's knees hit the mattress, I stop pushing and strip off his shirt, running my nails down his chest to the waist of his shorts. I slip my hands inside Mike's shorts and wrap both of them around the shaft of his cock. Mike closes his eyes and half smiles as I kiss his nipples, nibbling on them gently, and stroke him.

"Get on the bed," I whisper. Mike scrambles to the head of the bed and lays back against the pillows, watching as I crawl across the mattress after him. I pull off his shorts and run my tongue up the back of his dick. Mike lets out a short breath and I arch my eyebrow. "Like that?"

"Hell, yeah, I like that," he murmurs.

I run my tongue around the head of Mike's cock before sliding my mouth down the shaft, taking as much of it as possible down my throat. Teasing the underside of it with my tongue as I suck, I listen to Mike moan, pinning his thrusting hips to the bed with all my strength.

Just as Mike is starting to like it a little too much, I stop and kneel up on the bed. I slip my panties off and flick them at him. Mike opens his eyes in time to see me straddling his cock. Mike grabs my hips and lowers me onto his dick. My pussy is wet and hot and he slides in easily. My pussy muscles contracts around the shaft of his dick, squeezing it tight, and I throw my head back, gasping.

"Oh, Mike," I moan loudly and start to move. I raise my body up until the head of his cock is the only part of him inside me then arch my back and roll my hips to slide him back inside me. 

That slow pace only lasts a few minutes before we start to move faster, Mike's hips pounding against me as I grind my clit against his pelvis. I grab the headboard to steady myself, but he speeds up. I can feel my body and the muscles in my pussy start to tighten up and I know I'm going to cum.

"Don't stop, Mike. Oh, god, don't stop!" I cry out and cum hard all over his cock. Letting out a short shriek before I clap a hand over my mouth to stifle the sound, I cum again and again, not moving as Mike slams into me. I collapse on top of him when I'm done, moaning softly. Mike pushes me off of him and rolls me onto my belly. Mike pulls my nightie off and reach underneath me to grab my tits. Pulling me onto my knees, he pulls my ass cheeks apart and slams his still-hard cock deep inside my pussy.

He fucks me harder now, faster, hurting me deep inside with his dick. Mike twists his hand in my hair and pull my face off the pillow so he can hear me gasp and whimper desperately. With his other hand, Mike teases my ass with his finger. I cum again at his touch, my pussy clenching his dick tighter and tighter until he can't hold out any longer.

"God, Angie!" Mike yells. He lets go off my hair and grabs my shoulder so he can bury himself inside me as deep as possible as he cums. Mike cums again and again until his legs give out and he lands on top of me.

We both land on the mattress, sweaty, sticky, and out of breath. My pussy tightens and relaxes over and over again, making Mike moan in my ear. I feel his lips on the nape of my neck and I shiver as his breath tickles my skin.

"Mike," I groan.

'Oh, yeah," he replies proudly.

"No, get off me. I can't breathe," I tell him.

Mike pulls out, laughing and rolls off of me, laying on his back next to me. I prop myself up on my elbow and look down at him, smiling.

"See? Isn't this better than Madden?" I ask.

"I don't know," he says. "It was the Super Bowl."

"Get out," I snap, pointing at the door.

We both laugh and I curl around him, throwing one arm across his chest. Mike wraps his arms around me and pulls my warm body against himself, kissing me gently on the forehead.