 Eagerly, I scan the crowded airport terminal, searching for your familiar face. Your face, the face that I see in my dreams, in my imagination while I'm trying to concentrate on work, in countless pictures on my computer. Your face that I haven't yet seen in person, but am about to, at long last. After four long months of emails, IM conversations, webcam "dates", and phone calls lasting deep into the night, I am about to meet my love. 

I picture your face in my mind and sigh happily. You have the sexiest, laziest grin I've ever seen, absolutely fitting to your "Aw, shucks" sweet southern boy exterior, under which lies a deliciously wicked side. Your amazing blue-green eyes are the color of the Atlantic, and somehow both sleepy and intense, framed by outrageously long, thick black lashes. "Bedroom eyes," I told you, and we laughed together. I've imagined those eyes gazing down at me as you slowly slide into my welcoming wetness more times than I can count. 

The image takes my breath away for a moment, and I shake my head to clear it. I breathe deeply and concentrate on calming myself – it simply won't do to lose my composure here, waiting for you. I duck into a ladies' room to quickly check my appearance one last time, and am pleased by what I see: a striking and beautiful, tall, fat woman, with soft, feminine curves. My figure is large, but hour-glass shaped and proportionate. I have large, soft breasts, womanly hips, a smaller waist, and a large, round ass, perfectly displayed in the snug and short dark denim skirt I am wearing. My black top is low-cut, providing a generous view of my fair, freckle-sprinkled cleavage. My long red hair cascades in waves down my back and shoulders, my face is rosily flushed with excitement, and my blue eyes sparkle in anticipation. 

I exit the ladies' room and make my way back into the throng. I look around anxiously, hoping I haven't missed you, when suddenly my eyes find you, standing a mere 30 feet away. You haven't seen me yet, so I take a moment to drink you in. You're taller than I'd expected, or maybe your lean frame just accentuates your height. Your body is slim and defined, your arms and legs long, your shoulders broad. Your thick brown hair has been freshly cut, and you've grown a goatee. You know how a well-trimmed goatee turns me on, so you grew one for me. I'm touched by your thoughtfulness. Even in your simple jeans, black tee-shirt and jacket, you take my breath away. 

We've talked about this – I love you. I love you as a person, as a man, who you are, and I would love you and be attracted to you no matter what you look like. But truthfully, physically, you're my absolute ideal. The thought of your lean, hard, masculine body pressed against my soft, feminine one, your long arms wrapped around me while you fuck me gently, your slim hips nestled between my thighs...to me, you are perfection. 

I watch you scan the crowd, waiting for your eyes to rest on me. I don't have to wait long. You turn towards me, as if sensing my gaze, and your eyes meet mine. That lazy grin I so love slowly spreads across your face, and I feel myself smiling back. 

This is it. This is the moment. 

You pivot and walk towards me, never breaking eye contact. As you near, your eyes slide appreciatively down and back up my voluptuous body, and you lick your lips unconsciously. There is a momentary predatory flash in your eyes, like a wolf about to devour a sheep. My breathing quickens, and the butterflies in my belly flutter about madly. I am nervous, excited, and slightly smug in the way that only a woman in the presence of a man who wants her can be. 

You reach me, stop and stand before me. 

"Hey, Goddess," you say in your best Georgia drawl, grinning widely. "Hey, Georgia-boy," I answer, grinning back and blushing madly. We laugh at ourselves and any remaining awkwardness between us instantly dissipates. You drop your bag, reach for me, and say, "C'mere." I step into your welcoming arms and we hold each other tight. You feel perfect. Like...home. I can feel your heart pounding through your chest, and I whisper into your ear, "Finally..." My warm breath on your ear sends a jolt through you – I can feel it. You pull back slightly until our eyes meet, brush your hand against my cheek, and whisper, "I know, baby. Finally." With one hand tenderly cradling my face, and one behind my neck, you gently pull my face towards yours. Our lips meet, first softly and gently, then with increasing urgency as our lips part and our tongues slip into each other's mouth. I tighten my arms around you, and you press your hard body into my softness. We finally pull away from each other, aware that we're making somewhat of a spectacle. I giggle, and you chuckle. I take your hand in mine, you pick up your bag, and I say, "Let's go, love." 

We walk through the terminal hand-in-hand, making small talk and laughing and flirting together. 

We reach the parking garage, and through the thick sexual haze in my muddled head I manage to remember where I parked my Suburban, in an isolated corner. The lock on the driver's door is broken, so I use my key to unlock the passenger side first. I lean in to hit the "unlock" button for the whole car, and I feel your body right behind mine, leaning lightly against my ass. I freeze as you run your hands over my back, my hips, and growl, "You are even more beautiful and fuckable than I'd imagined, Goddess..." I whimper softly and squirm beneath your hands. You turn me around to face you, and I lean back against the side of the car seat. Immediately we lunge for each other and meet in a long, hot, wet kiss. Our bodies pressed together, your hands everywhere, skimming over my entire body, squeezing and caressing my soft curves. Your hands cradle my breasts, running your fingers over my nipples, feeling them harden under your teasing touch. I run my hands over your tight ass and squeeze lightly, feeling you tremble. I feel your cock pressed against my thigh, already hard and growing harder. I shiver, anticipating feeling you move inside me. 

Our tongues slide effortlessly in and out of each other's mouth, and I feel myself getting wet, my pussy growing hot with your proximity. "Wait," I breathe, and you reluctantly pull away. I boost myself up into the passenger seat, sitting sideways, and lean back and switch off the interior lights of the car. I start to get back down, but you stop me. "Stay right there, baby," you order, grinning at me wickedly. You place your warm hands on my thighs and lean in for another kiss. I oblige, and we kiss for a moment, your hands moving down to lightly run up and down my bare calves, before you move your mouth to my neck, kissing and licking and nipping at my delicate skin there. The sensation is exquisite, and I am lost...so lost that it takes me a few moments to realize that while you were loving my neck, your hands have crept up my calves and are now gently caressing my thighs, beneath my skirt. My eyes meet yours. I smile and ask, "What're you doing down there, baby?" "Mm...just exploring, Goddess. Relax," you reply, smiling back. Your long fingers dance across my flesh, leaving trails of goosebumps in their wake. My pussy is gushing now from your attentions, and I feel myself start to dribble down my inner thigh. I lean back, throw my head back, and part my thighs widely for you. You laugh. "You're shameless; you know that, don't you?" I smile sweetly. "Yes. Please make me cum, baby." 

You make a growling sound deep in your throat – you love when I tell you exactly what I want – and you run your hands far up my inner thighs. I can see that you're loving the feel of my abundant soft flesh, and this turns me on even more. Your long fingers make their way to my barely-there lacy black thong, and you feel how hot and dripping wet you've made me through the fabric. You push the fabric aside and lovingly cup my pussy in your hand. "Ohhh..." I breathe in ecstasy, pulling my fleshy thighs apart even wider for you. You slowly run your index finger over my warm, wet center, then extract it from under my skirt. You place your finger in your mouth and run your tongue over my nectar, your eyes closed. "Mmm...you taste delicious, Goddess. I knew you would." 

You place your hand back beneath my skirt, between my thighs, and your skilled fingers begin stroking me, gently rubbing my labia, running over my wet slit, dipping into my pussy little by little, but avoiding my swollen clit. "Baby...I need...I need you...," I can barely speak, I'm so aroused. You laugh quietly – you know what I'm trying to say. You gently place your index finger right on my clit and begin rubbing in a slow circle. It feels amazing, and I know I'm going to cum very quickly. You push one finger into my snug pussy, then another, and slowly begin finger-fucking me with one hand while you caress my clit with your other. I pull my top down to expose my breasts in their lacy black bra and begin squeezing and stroking them, pinching at my nipples while you speed up your fingers moving in and out of me, bringing me closer and closer to climax. 

"You're so hot," you murmur, as my greedy little pussy tightens around your hand. I'm breathing hard, and soft little moans of pleasure escape my mouth as I reach my peak. "Baby...oh yes, I'm cumming, baby!" I cry out, my thighs locked around your hands, your fingers buried in my pussy, my head thrown back in wild ecstasy as I buck around on your hands. You feel my pussy gushing all over you, and your cock spasms excitedly in the knowledge that in a few hours it'll be your hard cock getting coated in my juices. 

You lean into me, wrap your arms around my waist and watch me lovingly as I slowly recover and my breathing slows. I look down at you tenderly and take your face in my hands. I lean down and we kiss lazily for a moment. You pull a few inches away, look at me with your eyebrow raised, and say, "Well, damn. You really *are* a naughty fat vixen, aren't you?" I blush furiously and we laugh together. I start to slide down from the seat, intending to drive us home, when you stop me and say, "I don't think you're in any shape to drive, sweetheart." I agree gratefully, give you the car keys, and explain the simple route home. 

After all, I'd better get some rest for round two.