 I noticed her as soon as I arrived at this party I didn't want to be at. She was the most beautiful woman I had ever seen in my entire life and I include supermodels and 'A' list actresses, she was more beautiful than all of those. I also noticed that she was lonely. If she came with a man the stupid fuckwit had abandoned her. If I had brought her to the party, I would have stuck to her like a leach and not allowed anyone anywhere near her.

During the course of the evening several hopefuls tried to start up a conversation with her but she rebuffed them all. I thought of trying it on myself but decided against it. When it comes to women and relationships, I don't handle rejection well, which was the reason that I came alone to this party that I was forced, on pain of death, to attend.

My sister Jacqui is normally a nice person until she takes it on herself to match me up with one of her friends which is exactly what she was doing tonight. The friend that she had lined up for me was definitely not this goddess that I have been watching from afar, at least 5 metres. The intended victim was a nice enough girl, and I'm sure that she has a nice personality, but her only topic of conversation seemed to be her cat, and I hate cats. I don't really, but I can't see a future in living with a beast that only allows affection on it's terms and to hell with whether you want its affection or not.

Several times, as I took a surreptitious look at her, I noticed her hastily look away from me as if she had been taking a sly look at me. I didn't dare to hope that she could be the slightest bit interested in me.

Some of the guests had left and the crowd was thinning noticeably when another hopeful moved in on her, and he wasn't taking 'no' for an answer. She looked straight at me and mouthed the word 'help' in my direction so I walked over to where she was standing. "Honey, I think it's about time we left, you have to get up early in the morning to catch that flight." I surprised even myself with my improv skills.

"I'll just get my bag, I'll be a second." She left and the hopeful left as well. I was just about to follow suit when she came out of wherever it was she had put her bag and grabbed my hand. We clattered down the front steps and out onto the street.

"Can I drop you somewhere?" Ever the optimist, having got this far I was taking a chance that she had actually been abandoned by some idiot.

"If it's not a bother you can take me to the train station."

"No way. There is no way that I'm going to let a lady travel home alone on a train at this time of night. Where do you live?"

"Sandringham, it's too far. I'll be all right."

"It's not too far, I have nothing to do for the next three days, that should be enough time to get you home." We had reached my car and I stopped beside it.

"All right, I'll let you drive me home on one condition."

"Which is?"

"I'll pay for your petrol." 

"We'll discuss it. Hop in." I had one of those fancy new cars that unlock their doors when you get close, start the engine and turn on the lights. Ever since I bought it I told myself that it was a moment of madness that made me trade in my old and trusty steed on this technological marvel. The destruction manual was marginally thicker than War and Peace and it took forever to read it, understanding it all will take longer. I haven't dared think about repair costs and servicing, the insurance premium was bad enough. I will give it one thing, it was a chick magnet. It told the girls that I had style, I had class, and more importantly I had money, but all of that was wasted by my lack of confidence with women.

"Does the goddess have a name?" I asked her when she had finished oohing and aahing over the brightly coloured lights of the dash panel.

"I'm Tiffany, Tiffany Atkins and you are?"

"Bradley Roberts. Now that the introductions are out of the way, just where are we heading?"

She gave me her address and at the next lights I typed it into the car's Sat Nav.

We had driven two Kilometres when I noticed a police car waiting to turn onto the road we were on at a set of lights. Driving a car like this means that you have to be very careful around the police, it's like driving a car dragging a billboard that reads 'mug copper, come and get me.' And this proved to be the case. As soon as he pulled onto the road behind us he hit the siren and his red and blues. I pulled over and stopped. 

"What did I do wrong Officer?"

"Nothing, I've always wanted to pull one of these over just so that I can admire her." I got the impression that he wasn't talking about the car so much as my passenger.

"Admire away, but I do have to get this young lady home sometime soon."

"I'll bet you do. Okay you can go. Take it easy." I took it easy, wanting to prolong my time with the Goddess.

We arrived at her turn-off after having to endure the politely insistent voice telling me to; 'Make U turn where possible' or 'turn left five hundred metres'. I thought to myself that I should invent one that gets angry when you don't follow instructions and says things like; 'you fuckwit, you should have turned left back there. Why the fuck did you spend good money on me when you totally ignore me.' The only real benefit to be had from these things are if you are in a completely unfamiliar city or you're trying to find a house number in a dimly lit street, which was exactly what I was doing because the goddess was asleep.

"Where here." I touched her arm and she jerked awake. 

I walked her to her front door and was just about to turn around and walk back to my car when she spoke for the first time in a long while. "Thank you for saving me tonight." She looked deep into my eyes as if she was searching for something. Then she launched herself at me, her arms went around my neck and she pulled my face to hers, my lips to hers. I have never been kissed with this much ferocity before and it surprised me, but before I had a chance to react she had the door open and was dragging me inside.

I stumbled as she dragged me through the door and she pounced, rolling me onto my back she straddled me, her body on top of mine and her tongue forcing its way into my mouth. Her hips were sliding up and down on mine forcing my cock to harden. When he was fully hard she slid down far enough that she could slide my zipper down and fish him out of my pants. Holding him with one hand she used the other to free her pants and slide them down over her hips. She moved back up my body and fed my cock into her sopping pussy and then she was off and running.

If I had been a reluctant partner in this I would say that she was raping me, but from the moment I saw her, my fantasy had been to have my cock inside her. This was where my fantasy diverged from current reality, I was supposed to be the leader in this, to have used my charm to seduce her into letting me make mad passionate love to her, not be the passive participant while she fucked me. What the hell, it's better than nothing which was what I figured was in store for me before I arrived at the party.

I came and she stopped sliding up and down on him. Her fingers started working on the buttons of my shirt and it was soon open and her fingers found my nipples and began working on them, making me squirm. After several minutes of this she undid the buttons of her blouse and slipped it off revealing her naked breasts with their hardened nipples. God she was beautiful, but then you already know that. She grabbed my hand and placed it over one of her magnificent breasts and encouraged me to fondle it, not that I needed any encouragement. As soon as I'd started on it she closed her eyes and began moaning, so I put the other hand to use on her other breast.

All the while my softened cock was still inside her pussy that was leaking all over me. She felt the stirring in my loins and knew that he was preparing for more of the same, and this brought her to life once more, sliding and sobbing and pinching my nipples until with a shudder she came, her first time just before my second.

"Let's get more comfortable." She said as she got off me and, dragging me to my feet, she led me, shuffling with my trousers around my ankles, to her bedroom. Sometime during the night, between fucking and fucking, I had this uneasy feeling about what was happening to me, things like that just never happen. Boy was I glad that it was Sunday when I eventually woke up because there was no way that I would ever have made it to work on time, if at all. I had spent the whole night living out every man's fantasy, I had spent the whole night fucking my goddess. However one can get too much of a good thing, even fucking a goddess.

I felt her hand on my cock, my tired and worn out cock, my traitorous fucking cock that was standing up ready to continue where it had left off seemingly no more than an hour ago. My brain was telling my mouth to come up with some sort of excuse as to why I desperately have to get out of this comfortable bed with this gorgeous woman and go home, while at the same time my cock was telling my mouth to shut the fuck up and to give in to the inevitable and fuck her. I knew that I had to leave. I knew that if I gave in to this temptation I would never be able to drag myself away from this. I didn't know what the hell I was going to do. I was tired, every joint in my body ached from the effort of keeping up with her voracious sexual appetite. I could feel the scratches on my back, my nipples were sore from the attention they had received throughout the night and I was sure that, when I looked at myself in the mirror, there would be a giant hickey on my neck.

"I got to pee." Was that the best my mouth could come up with? Oh well, I got out of bed and went to the bathroom and she followed me. I thought for a minute that she was going to hold it while I peed, but she just wanted to rinse her mouth out. I seemed to remember that she swallowed my cum a couple of times during the course of the night.

"Look, much as I'd love to stay with you today, I really have to go home, I have to catch up on my washing and ironing or else I'll have nothing to wear to work."

"That's all right, I'll come with you and help you. I can cook you a nourishing meal, after all you need to keep your strength up."

"Tempting as that might be, if you come with me I don't think we'll get much done because all that I'll want to do is to make love to you."

"Aren't you sweet? What if you go home and do your boring stuff and, when you've finished, call me and I'll come over and cook dinner for you?"

"Sounds perfect." I had retrieved my clothes, the ones with missing buttons and broken zippers and put them on the best that I could, kissed her and got out of there. I know that this sounds stupid, but here I was hoping that I'd never see her again. She scared me, once she started there was no stopping her and I just wasn't up to her level of sexual intensity. I admit that it sounds like I'm letting the side down but I don't care, there's a limit and I'd reached that.

I slept for most of the day, the sleep of someone who was totally knackered. I didn't have housework to do, I didn't have washing or ironing to do, I had a housekeeper for that, and there was no way that I was going to ring her, Tiffany that is.

I was in the middle of a dream about a 'normal' relationship with a woman, one where we did things together and talked to each other and made love in a gentle and loving way when my dream was shattered by my phone. Like a fool I answered it and it was her. "Haven't you finished yet?"

"Just finishing up now." I lied.

"Good, because I'm in a cab and on my way over to your house, I'll be there in ten minutes. See you then big boy." I didn't like the tone of her voice.

What was I to do, I didn't have time to get the hell out of there because chances were that she wasn't in a cab but right outside my door. She was. The doorbell rang. I was trapped in a nightmare. I couldn't hide, she knew that I was at home, there was nothing left for me to do but answer the door.

The Tiffany freight train hit me with full force. "I missed you so much today. I spent all day sitting by the phone waiting for you to call. Why didn't you call? Wasn't I good enough last night? I can be better, I want to be the best for you." She stopped long enough to kiss me and I should have been flattered but she had a look in her eyes that was really freaking me out. Then she burst into tears. She clung to me and sobbed and in between her sobs she was telling me that she loved me more than life itself and that she'd die if she couldn't have me.

I held her at arms length. "Tiffany, please listen to me. The reason that I hadn't called you was that I was busy. I was just about to call when you called me, I was going to say to you that I'd call by your place and pick you up and I'd take you out to a restaurant for dinner." If I had to see her it had to be in public, I didn't want to be alone with her again.

"Really? Aren't you the sweetest person." She hugged me, not as strongly as before and her kiss was soft and gentle. Life with her could possibly be bearable as long as I didn't do anything to upset her. Could I risk it?

I grabbed my wallet and keys and led her down to the garage. She climbed into my car and I reversed it out onto the street. "How did you find my phone number?"

"I looked in your wallet while you were asleep and found a business card, it didn't have your home address or phone number so I looked in the directory and rang every B Roberts until I got you. You must have had your mobile turned off. There'll be a few messages on it from me, don't be surprised."

The dinner was pleasant, she was bright and cheerful and I was beginning to wonder if last night was an aberration. She seemed to understand when I dropped her home and told her that I couldn't come in because I had an early meeting and wanted to get some sleep so that I didn't go to sleep in the middle of it.

She called soon after I got home. "Hi, it's me. Just calling to make sure that you got home safely."

"I'm fine thank you. Listen I'll call you tomorrow night after I get home from work. I really have to get to bed, you took a lot out of me last night, I can't remember ever making love so many times in one go, ever, but it's something that'll have to be confined to weekends to allow me time to recover. Good night." I hung up. I took my mobile off its charger and checked my messages. A few messages? Try forty-seven and each of them more desperate than the last. Sleep didn't come easily for me. What had I let myself in for?

Just as I got to my front door I heard the phone ring and I knew that it would be her so I let the answering machine take the call. I walked into my office and called Alex, really Alexandra but she hates that, into my office. She sat waiting for my instructions for the day. "If anyone calls today, I'm in a meeting all day and cannot be disturbed."

"Especially someone called Tiffany?"

"Oh my god, she hasn't called already, has she?"

"Just as you walked in. What have you got involved in, she sounds like a real Loonie tune."

"You're not far wrong. I met her at that party Jacqui forced me to attend on Saturday night and saved her from the unwanted attention of some Neanderthal and took her home. Let's just say that I didn't get a huge amount of sleep and had to lie to her to extricate myself on Sunday morning. She got my home phone number and address and came around last night and, if I hadn't taken her to restaurant for dinner I don't know what would have happened to me."

"I get the picture, don't worry I'll take good care of it, and you."

"Thanks Alex, you're a great help."

I settled down to my job of writing up a report of an investigation I had just carried out for an insurance company who were convinced that their client who claimed to be on death's door was conning them. I had never come across a fitter almost dead man and my report would soon have him in court for insurance fraud.

My plan work well for a while. All incoming calls for me were channelled through Alex's desk and she only put calls through to me if they were important and work related. By ten o'clock she had taken seven calls from Tiffany and the last one really freaked her out. She signalled me to come into her office and put the call on speaker. "Listen bitch, I know he's not in any fucking meeting so you put that call through to him right now! Wait, you don't have to, he's right there next to you, you'd better tell him to speak to me if he knows what's good for him!"

How the hell did she know that? Unless . . . . Christ, she's watching me from somewhere like a building opposite. I picked up the phone. "Tiffany, I told you that I'll call you when I get home from work. I just can't talk to you during the day, I have too much work to do. I'll call you."

"You're lying to me, just like you lied to me when you told me that you had to do your washing and ironing. You don't do that, and do you know how I know that? Your housekeeper told me when I went around to move some of my stuff in. She seems happy that you've finally found someone like me, she even gave me a key. So you don't have to call when you get home because I'll already be there." She hung up.

"Fuck!"

"I told you she sounded like a Loonie Tune. How are you going to get out of this mess?"

"I don't know. What I do know is that if I go home tonight I'll never make it to work tomorrow. I can't go to a hotel because she'll ring them all until she finds me."

"I could always make the reservation in my name."

"But I'm the one staying there, how do I get into the room?"

"I could always come with you." She thought for a while. "There is another alternative."

"And that is?"

"You could always come home with me, I promise not to molest you." I was reluctant to accept her invitation but couldn't see any alternative, and I did like Alex, a lot.

I left my car in the company car park and Alex and I left in her Prius. I figured that Tiffany was probably waiting for me at home but I wasn't taking any chances that she was still watching the building.

Alex had whipped up a truly delicious dinner and we were sitting with a drink in hand watching the TV news service when an item came on about a fire engulfing a luxury sports car in the car park of our office building. The vision showed the smouldering remains of my car. "The bitch, she's torched my car!" I couldn't believe that she'd do that.

"What are you going to do?" Alex asked.

"I can't go there because she's probably hovering in the background waiting for me to turn up. I turned on my mobile and there were two messages, one from the police advising me of the fire and asking me to contact them and the second from her. 'See what happens when you don't do what you're told!!!' I quickly turned it off.

"So what happens now?"

"We are going to do something that she won't expect. We are going to my place. Can I borrow your phone?"

"Sure." She had a puzzled look on her face.

I called a 24 hour locksmith and arranged for him to meet me at home to replace all the outside deadlocks so that when she inevitably turned up she wouldn't be able to get in and when she made a fuss I would have an excuse to call the police.

An hour later we were firmly barricaded in Fort Roberts, Alex's Prius was locked away in my garage and we were seated in my den with a cup of coffee when we heard her banging on the door and ringing the bell. "Open up you miserable bastard, I know you're in there! You can't hide from me forever!"

We kept quiet. Alex moved closer to me and grabbed my arm. She was trembling so I put my arm around her to comfort her. 

Things were quiet, too quiet. What was she doing? We didn't dare get up to have a look because she could see through the front windows. The safest place was definitely the den, the only window of which was shuttered and the lights were off. We thought we heard her walking past the window on her circuit of the house. Then she started banging on the back door. "Come out you fucking coward, come out and talk to me before I really get mad. If you think that I'm going to stop at burning your car you'd better think again. I hope your slut of a PA's house is insured because that's next!"
