 The Good Book - Sharing the good news

In the beginning ...

Melissa poured a fresh cup of coffee for herself and Erica. They each added sugar and cream to their preference, sipped quietly, then murmured appreciatively. They drank their coffee in communal silence. First cups drained, Melissa turned to her neighbor and smiled engagingly. The down-turned corners of Erica's mouth indicated that the transformation of her sex life had encountered yet another rough spot. Melissa sighed to herself. Erica's husband - great guy that he was - had become one very tough nut to crack. Never the less she felt it was best to strike while the husband was still trainable. She thought she needed to do something to shake Erica out of her rut - something spontaneous. The idea hit her in a flash. 

"I've been thinking of what you need to try next." Melissa leaned in closer. "How are you and Brain with quickies?"

"Quickies?" Erica frowned even deeper.

"You know what I mean Erica 'wham bam thank you ma'am' sex. Bent over a chair or table, panties pulled down or pushed aside and a hot, hard cock pushed into you then 'bam - bam - bam - bam' until your deliriously happy husband cums with a roar - Robert loves it when we do it. Quickies; you and Brain need to do quickies."

Erica unconsciously rubbed her thighs together, the image that Melissa had painted was burning into her imagination. She saw her husband throwing her over his favorite chair and ripping her clothes off, he towered over her with his prodigious cock sticking out from his pants. A gasp and chilling shudder brought her back to reality. She shook her head. "We tried something like that once ... it really hurt; Brian's kind of big."

Melissa hugged her friend. "There is not a problem that can't be solved - just how big is he?"

Erica placed her index fingers about eight inches apart, then made a rig with her hand - her thumb and first finger weren't even close to touching. She blushed when Melissa whistled and chided her about being a "very lucky girl." She was beckoned to follow Melissa to the master bedroom.

Erica watched as Melissa went to her closet and returned with a small make-up case. Melissa opened the case and turned it over, dumping the contents on the bed. Erica's eyes went wide in wonder, then shock, only to settle on a fierce curiosity. The case was filled with sex toys; a couple of realistic looking cocks (one as big as Brian, maybe bigger), an assortment of vibrators, bottles filled with colored liquids, handcuffs, and other unknown and somewhat intimidating looking items that were scattered about on the bed.

Melissa smiled and picked out a large flesh-colored cock and a bottle of clear fluid. "Sometimes spontaneity needs a little prior preperation." She explained that being ready for action was no different than dressing to arouse. In fact, they complimented one another. Melissa rubbed some of the fluid on the head of the cock and offered it to Erica to touch. "Ready is as ready is."

"It's really slippery," Erica observed. She realized she was rubbing her thighs together again and stopped.

"I've already seen you - when you tried on all of that lingerie - so you might as well get a look at me." Melissa reached under her dress and pulled down her panties. She scooted onto to the bed hiked her skirt up and spread her legs wide - her sex on full display to Erica.

Before Erica could say anything, Melissa placed the head of the fake cock at the entrance of her cunt and pushed - it slipped easily inside. She played with it a while then pulled it back out and held it in front of Erica. "This is bigger than Robert yet you saw how easily it went in. A little work with this and you'll find Brian's size is not a barrier to great spontaneous sex. I'm going to wash this - then it's your turn. Why don't you get yourself ready, I'll just be a minute."

Melissa returned from her bathroom slowly toweling the plastic appendage dry. "Robert knows I have some toys, but he's never seen this. He would love to see what you just saw." She continued chatting as she recoated the head of the cock with the clear fluid. "Okay girlfriend, spread 'em." 

Erica didn't move. Melissa set the cock on the towel. "Erica, you aren't cheating on Brian by using something like this - that's why they're called marital aids. It's meant to make your marriage better and quickies are definitely a part of a happy marriage. Imagine you're feeling super sexy and want Brian to slip you the old hard one first thing when he gets home. Maybe you've been calling him throughout the day talking sexy, telling him how much you need it 'right now baby, I need it right now.' When you know he's on the way home you take this out, lube it up, and get yourself good and ready. Viola, you're now ready for a 'wam-bam-thank-you-ma'am' quickie. And don't worry about Brian noticing that he can easily penetrate you - he'll be too happy just being there."

"I don't think we should do this." Erica looked confused and conflicted. Melissa launched into a rehearsed argument about the importance of keeping a marriage fresh and spontaneous (even if that spontaneity was sometimes planned) Erica was slowly persuaded as Melissa reminded her of the progress made and the successes enjoyed, "I haven't mislead you yet - have I?"

Erica reluctantly agreed, slowly bent her legs and spread them apart, "I'll just pull my panties to the side okay." She reached for the cock; her hand shaking. She pulled her panties aside, placed the cock at her entrance, and pushed gently.

Nothing happened.

She pushed again.

Nothing still, well maybe the head went in a little.

"Like this Erica." Melissa grabbed the base of the cock and pushed with a slight twisting motion. The cock sunk quickly into a gasping Erica. Melissa had moved so quickly that her motion pushed Erica's hand against her aroused clit. Then Melissa's hand twisted - pushing up against Erica's. The accumulative affect of all that thigh rubbing reached it's natural conclusion and Erica orgasmed with a loud exclamation.

"Oh God I'm so sorry." Erica blushed deeply.

"No, I'm sorry. It was all my fault. I shouldn't have done that."

"No. I ... wow, that was amazing. I can't believe I came so easily."

The girls looked at one another and burst out laughing. Once they started they couldn't stop. Every effort at self-controlled elicited new gales of guffaws.

Maybe it was inevitable but somehow in all the laughter Melissa got it in her head that she needed to have her own orgasm so that they were equal. Both were surprised when she grabbed the cock from Erica's hand and (without washing it) pushed it slowly inside her own cunt. Melissa quickly developed a rhythm but it soon became obvious that she wasn't going to be coming as quickly as Erica. The room became erotically quiet but for the soft squish of the counterfeit cock in Melissa's wet cunt - and the sound of Melissa's panting breath. She looked at Erica with an expression of reluctant acceptance. She wasn't going to come quickly.

Erica reached forward with a quiet 'let me help.' She took the cock in her right hand and with her left she began to slowly rub Melissa's clit. 

It was only after Melissa's long groaning orgasm that they both realized what had just happened. Amid blushes and glances of apology Melissa slowly recovered. "Maybe we should just put these away for right now?"

"Yeah."

****

One week later ...

Melissa finished pouring coffee and set the pot down. "Are we okay? You know after what happened last week? Things got a little ..." 

"Yes, we're okay. No, we're better than okay - we're friends, good friends. Nothing has changed that. I know what happened was a surprise, even a shock, but it wasn't ... I just - well there we were and everything." Erica sipped her coffee and took a deep breath, "I guess I need to confess something to you, especially to you. But first YOU have to promise never to tell anyone."

"Okay - I promise." Melissa crossed her heart and held her palm up.

"As I've told you before, I had never had sex with another man before my wedding night; Brian is my first and only. I'd done sexual things with guys, you know, getting felt up, hand jobs - and not very good ones based on what I know now - that sort of thing but never any penetration. Never."

"Okay, I was pretty much the same way ... maybe there was a little bit of poking here and there but I never completely went all the way." Melissa smiled, she was of the opinion (an opinion she'd never shared with her husband) that sex wasn't sex if the guy didn't ejaculate inside you.(Okay it was just one guy - and they only did it three times - in her defense Melissa had thought he was getting ready to propose to her.)

Erica sipped her coffee and then put her cup down. She interlaced her fingers to keep her hands from fidgetting. "Oh God - I can't believe I'm going to tell you this - okay, making it out of high school as a virgin wasn't that tough. Except I guess I always thought I'd be married soon after. Well that didn't happen so when I went off to college - I still wanted to save myself. Thank God I didn't meet any guys I really liked during my freshman year. 

"By my sophomore year, I was beginning to waiver. I dated this guy and if he had been just a little bit more aggressive ... I'd have slept with him. We dated for over a year, almost two years really. Anyway right after Spring break (this was in my Junior year now) I dropped by his apartment to return his key - I'd been taking care of his plants and stuff while he was away - and I guess he forgot I had it. I just let myself in like I had done before. Well I heard noises coming from the bedroom so I went and checked."

"He was with another guy, they were sucking each other. I was shocked, hurt, angry, furious ... I was also curious, even jealous. I wanted that to be ME - so I just watched until they were done. Well you can imagine the chaos when they finally noticed I was there - shouting, denials, attempted explanations. He even tried quoting Bible scripture to me. He said that since he and his friend never engaged in sodomy there was nothing wrong with what they were doing. He said oral sex was not sex. That it didn't count. I told him it counted to me and left."

"Oh you poor thing - you must have been devestated." Melissa placed her hand on Erica's and gave it a comforting caress.

"I was, I was - when I got back to my apartment my roommate immediately saw that something was terribly wrong. She poured me a shot of Tequila - I didn't even know she drank, let alone had a bottle in our room - and just waited for me to talk. Then she poured another, and another. We were both pretty drunk when I finally was able to tell her what happened. She was very sympathetic - but not that surprised - she said a lot of Christian men do that, you know, do oral sex with each other. She said it keeps them from going crazy."

"I said, 'Well goody for them - what are we supposed to do then?' And that's when she kissed me. And then I kissed her back. And then we were kissing each other. And then the clothes started coming off. And then we just ... it was my first time with a girl. We spent the night doing to each other what I had seen the guys doing. I found out I loved girl sex, absolutely loved it."

"Oh." Melissa became suddenly aware of her hand resting on Erica's. Should she pull it away or leave it? What if it leaving it meant something to Erica? Or would she be offended it she removed it? Melissa decided to do nothing, she prayed it was the right decision.

"I was surprised too. I still dated guys now and then, but for the most part it was just girls. Until I met Brian." Erica felt wonderfully unburdened as she described meeting the man she loved. "I knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that he was the one. I immediately stopped having sex with girls."

"I was so sure of my future with Brian that I was ready to have sex with him before our first date was even over - I knew I wouldn't be able to resist or refuse him for very long. I just hoped he wouldn't take undo advantage of me. But that gorgeous man has so much self control, so much self discipline, he told me he wanted us to wait until we were married. Mercifully it was a short courtship and engagement." Erica laughed and Melissa joined her. It gave Melissa a chance to move her hand which made her feel more comfortable.

"Being married was wonderful, making love was incredible ... but overall the sex just by itself was only average. I did not then and have never told Brian about my bisexuality. With girls I had experience, I know what to do with girls - but guys not so much. So I just followed his lead only he didn't have any experience either. We were just bumbling around in the dark - literally. He didn't know what to do and I just couldn't tell him the truth. Thank God I met you.

"Me? I don't get it. When we met you seemed so shy. And you were so naive when it came to sex beyond the missionary position." Melissa squirmed in her seat in light of Erica's confession.

"All true ... all too true. You say I was shy. Around men I'm more indiferent than actually shy - I don't need to look, I've got my guy. It's just that I didn't know much about guys and Brian didn't know much about girls. And I couldn't tell him about my experience with girls. What would he think? I have to be careful too. I've got great gay-dar. When I'm around women I try to ... I see them and I see them looking at me, so I'm very careful. I still think women are beautiful, sexy, and oh so very desirable - but I've learned to say no. I will not succumb to that temptation. It's like I'm in bisexuals anonymous or something - I just say 'no' and maintain my straightness one day at a time"

"Ohmygod - then what I did to you last week! I didn't ... if I'd known ... you never said ..."

Erica leaned to whispering closeness. "Relax okay - we're fine. We are aren't we? I have to tell you something though, you will never know how close I came to kneeling between your legs and licking and kissing that pretty little pussy of yours. It was all I could do to restrain myself to just touching you and use that dildo on you. So what I'm really asking is that you not put temptation like that in front of me again. I said no once, I'm not at all sure I could turn away from you a second time ..."

"Oh." Melissa felt very vulnerable ... and aroused out of her mind. There was so much here being unsaid.

"I think I would get a lot more than a quiet 'oh' out of you. But is that a risk you want to take Melissa? No, me neither, that's why I say "Thank God for that book of yours." It giving me a way to unlock Brian's passion. We're making slow progress he seems to enjoying some of the new things - we did a quickie yesterday afternoon. He loved it ... I did too. So are we okay?"

Melissa came around the table and hugged Erica - then suddenly jumped back; "Can I hug you?"

"Yes you can hug me!" Erica initiated the next hug and the two friends sat down. They chatted a bit and slowly found their old conversational rhythm. Their talking as it had many a time before slowly spiraled back to sex.

"What about oral sex ... with your husband? Do you give it, get it?"

Erica frowned, "What I wouldn't give to have Brian go down on me. I've tried to do it with him but ..."

"Just do it girl." Melissa smiled her encouragement. "Let's get the book and look at some techniques, okay?"

****

A number of weeks later ...

"Dare I ask?" Melissa poured a fresh cup of coffee as her friend and neighbor sat down. The look of defeat was apparent enough, it was the downcast aura of guilt that surprised her. "You didn't even try did you? Erica this has been going on - or going nowhere for three weeks!"

Erica shook her head and offered a very soft, nearly inaudible "I know." She tried to rally by explaining that her husband was a good Christian man with strong moral values and opinions. But that argument faded when she saw that Melissa, while sympathetic, was unmoved. So she tried a different tack. "It's one thing to see it in a book to read about doing it and everything but ... what if I do it completely wrong? I could hurt him ... I don't think I can do this."

At the mention of the book Melissa nodded. She knew all too well the power of the book. The book being mentioned had been a gift from her husband that had transformed their marriage. What had a been a dull, barely satisfactory sex life was now incredibly fulfilling. 

"I know this is a big step for you, for both of you, but haven't the other things you've tried worked out?" Melissa slowly recounted the various efforts made by Erica over the last three months. "He liked the lingerie - right?"

Erica nodded. Her husband had been surprised, even shocked, when she had slowly undressed after a dinner out to reveal her matching bra, panty, garter belt and stocking set. The sex that night was long and satisfying. In fact, her husband had actually encouraged her to buy more.

"And what about the different positions - as I recall he really enjoyed having you on top - right? And while he was a bit reluctant with doggie style at first you told me last week its becoming one of his favorites." Melissa asked and Erica nodded again. It had been so easy to roll on top of her husband during sex. She had complained of a mild cramp in her back and asked him to switch positions so his weight wasn't on her. She simply grabbed him and sat on him. The control and options for movement had been a revelation. It was probably the best sex of their marriage. At least until she got him to try doggie style. Her complaint this time was a sore hip that made it uncomfortable to spread her legs apart. Once he was in her, they both realized the advantages. Just one week ago he had uttered a post coital appreciation of "your ass" that eventually led to a second round of love-making that evening.

"So tell me specifically what it is about oral sex that has you so flustered Erica? Start with why you think it might hurt him?" Melissa was not backing off and Erica realized it.

"Well what about the whole teeth and biting thing Melissa? What if I bite down when I shouldn't - that could really hurt him? What if I gag and throw up all over him, what if I just can't do it or what if I do it and he likes it but I don't. The last thing I want to do is reject my husband." Erica started slowly and quietly but picked up steam as she talked about her fears and concerns. "Plus he hasn't asked me to do it, not once. He hasn't shown that much interest - that way - in me either. I mean he'll touch me down there but not that much."

"You mean not enough to make you cum. Have you told him or even better shown him how you like to be touched. A guided tour might might be just the thing he needs to want to go exploring. You know one of the things I did with Robert to get him interested was I would rub my juices on places he liked to kiss; neck, ears, breasts so that he got used to smelling me. Then I started putting it on my lips so he got a taste. Then I played this game..." Melissa began to rhapsodize about the joyous adventure of oral sex that she and Robert had gone on.

"I just want to focus on him first. I want to do my husband first. I just don't think pictures in a book are enough, there are too many little things. Too many ways I might mess this up." Erica began to wind herself up into a frenzy of anxiety until Melissa came around the table and hugged her.

"It's okay, I thought that's what might happen. So I decided to make an instructional video for you." Melissa quickly took a sip of her coffee and watched Erica's reaction. Their weekly coffee talks had started soon after Erica and her husband had moved into the neighborhood. Success had been easy up to this point but the subject of oral sex had proven to be a larger barrier than she anticipated. Since Erica didn't stand up and run out of the kitchen Melissa continued. "I think you have a mental block when it comes to oral sex because of what happened with that college boyfriend and your fooling around with women. That was, both of those were all about oral sex - right? So I figured that you needed a new visual thingee to focus on. You need to see what it looks like for a wife to give her husband a blowjob. You put your trust in me when you told me about your ... your ... your other experiences."
