 The client moaned in satisfaction as I licked off the last drop of his cum from the tip of his penis and swallowed it just like a good obedient slut. "Good girl!" he exclaimed as he spanked my naked ass again. For some reason he kept spanking me all the while I was blowing him. By now my ass was red as wine and it hurt because instead of spanking me he was actually hitting me. He had told me he was too frustrated being a virgin and that it was bothering him. So I ignored that little beating and accounted it towards his inexperience to make him feel satisfied and give him the time of his life. I also faked the orgasm just to make him feel a little happy and more of a man. 

I felt like I was his mother. A good mother makes her child feel special and encourages him even if he failed his math test and still doesn't recollect the multiplication table of 7. She never lets him know his shortcomings and reassures him that he's the best kid in the entire universe. I randomly observe myself depicting similar characteristics to my clients and this one was no different. 

The poor guy was a virgin and had problems undressing in front of me. When we first came into the room, he got really uncomfortable and didn't speak at all. I offered him some water, turned on some music and made him to sit on the couch. He was at ease. After serving him water, I just sat next to him and started unbuttoning his shirt. I could hear his heart beats rising. 

"Sushh.. Relax. I'm with you. You'll be just fine." I reassured him as I took off his shirt and looked at his bare upper body. He was a skinny guy with a huge pot belly which was kinda weird to look at. Anyways, I continued to undress him and he stopped me when I was about to take off his underwear. I realised he was very shy so I decided to get naked first. Up went the top, down came the skirt. Now I was in my lingerie. There was a little smirk on his face and he couldn't take his eyes off my bra. I took off my bra and placed his hand over my right boob. He squeezed it so hard it really hurt. I cried in pain and he laughed it off. This was all he needed to warm up. He then sucked on my nipple so hard it felt like tearing off. It was at this point that I politely told him to be a little gentle. He apologized and went quite again. I realized I had to give him the best time of his life. It was his time to really see a woman. 

I removed my panties and presented myself for him to unleash on me. He tried to put his 4 fingers in my vagina and started to rub against it. Without saying a word I gently took two of his fingers and put it in. He started enjoying it and continued to finger me for good 10 minutes. His time was running so I removed his fingers from my vagina, took his hand and guided him to the bed. I then took off his underwear. This time there was no resistance. He had an average size penis with a lot of precum, I guess due to the fingering. Like a good mother who dresses her child smartly, I took the condom and safely dressed his dick with it. Then I made him lie on the bed and started riding him. Not to my surprise, it didn't last that long and he came in less than a minute. 

After a couple of minutes, I guess he got carried away and pushed me on the bed in a doggy position only to pound me from behind. He was soft and couldn't even enter my vagina. I then calmed him down and offered a blowjob to which he happily obliged. I took off his condom and swallowed all the precum. To my surprise, he went hard and after sometime blew a huge load in my mouth. I was gasping. He moaned and it was at that time that he started to spank me. 

The time ended and there was a big smile of relief on his face. His penis had finally been inside a woman's body. He was ecstatic. It felt as if he had unlocked the ultimate door to happiness via my vagina. I covered my body with a gown-like piece of cloth and he started to dress up as well. Since he was the last customer for the night, I hopped into the shower to cleanse myself from a long night's work. I assumed he would leave but to my surprise he came into the bathroom unannounced and started questioning:

"How did you end up here?"

I was baffled for a second. Normally I would have been scared standing naked in front of a guy but by now I was numb to that feeling. I have been naked in front of countless men in every position possible. This was nothing new to me. 

"What do you mean?" I asked as I reached out for the towel to cover myself with. 

"You look like a really sweet girl. Did they kidnap you or something? I am a lawyer. I can help you." he said. 

"No, I'm good. Thanks."

"But you.." he kept on going when I interrupted,

"Sir, I'm really fine. I'm here by my choice. Don't worry about me. Have a good day."

He finally left with a confused face. I came out of the towel and gazed at the mirror for a while.

There I was, a grown up lady using her body for a living. I gazed at my navel region and then at my boobs. Would I be able to make money now if I was a dark or a fat chick? If not for my perky boobs and tight vagina, would the clients pay a premium for my services? Dark memories of men using and abusing me flashed in front of my eyes. All the trauma I've been through, all the nights I spent crying alone and all the awkward mornings I found myself waking up in a stranger's bed brought in a deep feeling of despair for the cute innocent girl I used to be once upon a time. 

Here, I share my darkest secrets to make people aware of the shocking truths in life. It is well said, 'Truth is stranger than fiction'. 

***

For feedback/suggestions or to just say hi, you can email me through my profile.