 My son Chris came into the living room talking to his friend Joey on the phone, he was very excited from the tone of voice he was using. He handed me the phone telling me that Joey's mom wanted to talk to me for a few minutes about something.

"Hello." I said.

"Hi Tom this Julie." She said.

"Hey Julie, what can I do for you?" I asked.

"Well I got the boys tickets to go see Godsmack for tomorrow night and my husband will not be able to go with us to chaperone. I was wondering if you would like to go along to watch over the boys with me?" she explained.

"Sure I don't have anything going on." I replied.

"Great we will take our caravan." She said. "Pick you up around six."

"Alright sounds good Julie." I replied and hung up.

"Cool Dad." Chris said. "Do you want to listen to a few of my cd's to get familiar with the group?"

"I think I heard enough coming from your room to have a good idea of what they play."

Julie surprised by wanting to chaperone the kids herself, she is a good mother, yet she is very proper and conservative. It will be interesting to see how she will react to the music and the crowd of young people at the show.

The next night arrived and Julie pulled up in her caravan to pick my son and me up for the concert. I was quite surprised by what I saw; the usual conservative and always properly dressed mother looked stunning. 

Julie was wearing a tight red silk blouse that revealed her to have very ample breasts; she also wore a short black skirt that was cut a couple of inches above the knee. Also to my surprise were the black fish net stockings and the three inch heels she had on. She had on more make up on tonight than in all the years I have known her.

"Wow Julie you look great." I said.

"Thanks Tom, you look good too." She replied.

During the drive to the concert hall where the show was going on we made a lot of small talk while the boys were having fun in the back. We finally got to the show and found our seats; the boys did not really care much for the two opening bands. They asked if they could go and check out the t-shirt stands and see if they could find anyone else they knew.

Julie and I were left by ourselves in the seats to watch the two opening bands and to talk waiting for the boys to return. This gave me a great opportunity to soak in this woman's beauty, something I never been able to do before. We were laughing and joking, having a real good time, I think we talked about everything from politics to marriage the whole hour the boys were gone.

The boys got back with the concert tee's they went off to buy and were ready for the show. Julie and I stayed in our seats while everyone else stood up; neither of us had ever been to a Godsmack concert.

"Mom, Tom you guys have to stand up or Sully will not perform." He explained.

"You mean we have to stand for the whole show?" Julie asked.

"Yeah or they won't perform." Chris said.

"I guess we have no choice." I said.

The curtain raised, the lights went down and the band took the stage, what a wild looking bunch. It seemed like all the kids knew all the words to the song they opened with, I think my son said it was called Awake. I had to admit this band had a lot of energy and talent, they are definitely better to hear live than through my son's bedroom door. 

I think we were halfway through the show when Julie tapped me on the shoulder and beckoned for me to lean down to have her whisper in my ear. So I leaned down for her to tell me what was going on.

"Tom, I'm not used to wearing heels and standing in this long. My feet and legs really hurt." She complained.

"Do you want to go back to the van?" I asked.

"Yes is it alright with you?" she asked.

"I don't have a problem with it, but I don't think you should go alone though." I offered that I should go with her and she agreed.

I explained to the boys that they were old enough and that we trusted them to get to the van as soon as the concert ended. They did not seem to mind either to get rid of the two parents that went along as chaperones.

I escorted Julie back to her caravan and she unlocked the sliding door on the side and got in one of the bench seats in the back. She immediately kicked off her heels and stretched out her legs to try and relieve her achy muscles.

Without asking or being asked I took one her stocking clad feet into my hands and began to massage it. She did not pull away; she only put her head back and moaned a long sigh of pleasure.

"Oh wow Tom, that sure feels good." She said.

"Yeah I've been told I have magic hands." I said.

While massaging one foot with one hand I took the other hand and slid it up her calf massaging the muscle. Julie did not give much thought of this figuring I was just giving her some friendly relief. The raging hard on in my pants had other thoughts than just a friendly massage, as my hand was now rubbing behind the knee.

I watched for her reaction to see if I should continue or if she looked like she was going to stop me. I continued to rub her foot and my other hand slid even higher up onto her thigh. She just put her head back on the seat, closed her eyes and opened her legs just slightly to give me better access to her leg. I took every opportunity and got her skirt to hike up a little more to show the tops of her fishnets and the hooks to her garter. Gently unhooking those without her realizing that I even did so.

I switched to the other foot and the other leg; I repeated the same steps that I did before. She let out another moan of pleasure enjoying the massage and the relief of her aching muscles. Only this time I had to reposition myself and move over to get better access to the leg. I worked my way up slowly massaging the calf, then behind the knee, then up to the thigh. I unhooked the other garter at the top of the fishnet and then in one fluid motion I put my hand right up to her silk bikini panty.

Sliding my fingers inside the panty, I found myself being greeted by the wetness of her pussy. It was obvious that my massaging was having some effect on her, so I gently rubbed her clit. Her eyes opened and she looked right at me, her eyes were glassy and full of lust. I knew not to stop as she lay her head back down and reached up with her hands, she started to unbutton the buttons of her blouse.

While she did this I pushed her skirt up and slid her panties down her legs, then I spread them apart. Her pussy was her blonde pubic hairs on her around her pussy were neatly trimmed. The labia were a light pinkish brown color as I spread it apart to reveal her clit and the juicy pinkness of her cunt. I licked and sucked at the juices in her slit, eagerly sucking them up, and then I began to assault her clit with my tongue.

Julie raised her hips and bucked her beautiful pussy against my mouth; she reached down and grabbed the back of my head to hold me in place. Julie moaned loudly as her impending orgasm was continuing to build inside her. 

"Oh god I'm cumming Tom, oh god make me cum." She moaned "AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH YES!!"

I continued to lick as her orgasm subsided and then I stood up as best I could and got my hard cock out. Julie sat up and helped me get my pants off and then I pulled my shirt off. I pulled her shirt off of her shoulders and she took off the matching bra to the panties off to reveal a beautiful set of tits, with hard pink nipples.

She took my cock into her mouth and began to suck on it, man she was really wild pumping it up and down with her hand while licking and sucking the head. It figures the conservative soccer mom types were usually the wild ones on the inside. She was a real cock jockey as she took her hand from my shaft and began to fondle my balls, she stopped just sucking the head and began to deep throat it.

After twenty years of marriage and plenty of blow jobs from my wife, I had never gotten one with this much passion behind it. Granted my wife is a pretty good cocksucker in her own right, she just never deep throated my cock the way Julie was doing now.

I finally decided I had enough of her magical blow job and wanted to sink my cock into that beautiful pussy. So I got her to lean back onto the seat and spread her legs wide apart for me. Then I stuck my cock into the tight fuckhole, it took a few moments to work it in and then before I knew I was pounding away at her pussy.

The feel of her stockings rubbing up and down my back as she now wrapped them around me. The soft moans emanating from her mouth only egged me on to give this woman the best fucking I could possibly give.

"Oh god yes, I'm going to cccuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuummmmmmmm again." She moaned. "Oh yes baby I'm cuming."

I was very proud of myself for bringing her another orgasm, so I continued to fuck away hoping to blow my load into her wet box. She then whispered in my ear that this position was hurting her back and she wanted me to fuck her doggie style. I eagerly obliged and let her out from underneath me; her ass had a little meat on it, yet looked so round and felt very smooth.

I got my cock into her and fucked her doggie style on the seat, the whole time my hands alternated from playing with her big tits to rubbing her clit. The sweat was pouring off of me and dripping onto her back, the windows were steaming up. We continued to fuck like this until she had another orgasm, she again moaned loudly of her pleasure. 

Much to my chagrin though she pulled her pussy away from my cock and got off of the seat. I looked at her like a child who had his favorite toy taken away from him and sent to bed without any television.

"I sure am glad you have not cum yet." She said. "I have a position that my husband and I do in the van when we get the occasion to fuck in here."

"Sure I'm game for anything you want to do." I said.

"Good, now sit up." She commanded. "Now lean forward and keep your legs closed."

I leaned forward to the edge of the seat and she took a hold of my cock, she straddled my legs and guided it into her pussy. Letting go of my cock once she got it in she used the two front seats for support and began to bounce up and down on my cock.

"Holy shit this feels good." I moaned reaching up with both hands to play with her bouncing tits.

"Fuck yes it does." She moaned back.

She continued to bounce up and down on my cock as I roughly fondled her big tits, she moaned several times that she was cumming. That was enough for me, I could no longer hold my load and shot it deeply inside her pussy. 

"Oh god I'm cumming!" we both moaned together.

We sat for several minutes kissing and fondling our sex soaked bodies, until I realized that people were starting to leave. She started the caravan and turned the defrosters on and we both dressed quickly. 

Julie got into the drivers seat and fixed her hair, her make up and made sure her clothes were back on right. I only wore jeans and a golf shirt with a little alligator on the breast, so once I was dressed I stood outside the caravan looking for the boys.

They spotted the caravan and me standing outside of it, they came over and got in, all the way home they told us about the great show we had missed. All the way home I wish I could brag about the great show they missed in the backseat of the van. I felt a little funny as both of our sons were sitting on the same seat where we rutted like wild animals a little while ago.

Once Julie dropped us off my son went to bed and I took a shower, my cock got hard in the shower thinking about Julie. I got out of the shower, toweled myself off and went into the bedroom. My wife only slept in a pair of panties so I kissed my way up her legs, spreading them as I went, I pulled aside the fabric to her panties and licked her pussy until she woke for sex.

Then I gave my wife the most passionate fucking in a long time still consumed by the lustful event I had in the back of the caravan at the concert. I wonder what Julie did to her husband when she got home?