 It started with a book.

The company I worked for had arranged a holiday gift offer through one of those warehouse booksellers. We could order any book we wanted. The selected book would be gift-wrapped, mailed and ready for opening Christmas morning.

I decided on a gift for my wife, Melissa. We'd been married less than a year yet; being married was more than I'd ever hoped for. To share your life with someone else was wonderful, the intimacy, the devotion, the togetherness. Oh and the sex, man! At the time, I really thought I had the tiger by the tail.

Every Friday night we went to bed early to make love to each other. We would hug and cuddled for a few minutes, and then I'd kiss her gently on the lips. My hands would rub her soft breasts beneath her nightgown. When she was ready she'd move her legs apart. I would position myself between them and support my weight on my elbows. It usually took a few tries before I was able to push into her vagina. I would push slowly forward until completely inside her. It was really nice. When she was comfortable she would kiss me and say, "I love you." I would then begin to move back and forth. After a couple of minutes, I would ejaculate inside her. I would kiss her and say, "I love you." I would be asleep in just a couple of minutes.

The only area in our marriage where there was a little friction was our religious life. I was raised in a deeply religious family. Daily prayer was a part of all my families' activities and we prayed many times a day; at meals, whenever we were leaving the house, and pretty much anytime you felt an inner prompting to speak to or praise the Lord. Melissa's family was not as prayerful as mine and she was not comfortable with this approach. 

So the book I selected was about integrating prayer into your daily life. It contained simple practices to help one discover and enjoy an active prayer life. The package from the bookseller arrived, already gift-wrapped, a few days before Christmas. I placed it beneath the tree.

Christmas Morning was wonderful. I arranged it so that the book would be the final gift she opened. To help her appreciate the intention behind my choice, I prepared a little speech about how important I thought this book could be for her and for our marriage.

Melissa carefully unwrapped the book holding it behind the wrapping paper so that I unable to see it. As she silently read the front dustcover I could see her eyes widen, first looking up to me then back to the book. She began to flip thoughtfully through the pages. She sighed a couple of times then looked back to me - her eyes crinkled in a smile.

This was exactly the response I was hoping for. "I knew you'd like it. Well, actually I wasn't sure but I prayed for guidance."

"I do like it. I guess I'm just surprised." A big smile spread slowly across her face. "It's not what I would have expected from you. This is really for both of us, isn't it? Are we going to read this together?" She had the cutest expression on her face.

"No, I think you should read it first. Try some of the different practices and techniques. Find the ones that you're comfortable with, the ones that work best for you. After that we can do it together as much as you want. Then, if you get comfortable enough, we can do it with others."

Her eyes widen dramatically and there was a catch in her voice. "You want us to do this with others? Other people? Other couples?"

I could tell that this was making her a little anxious. "Well, only if you're comfortable. I'll be happy if it's just you and me doing this every day."

"Every day?" Her eyes were beginning to tear.

"Sure, but only when you're ready."

"OK. When do you want me to get started?" She sounded so excited I couldn't help but smile.

"Well, let's take it slow and easy. Like I said, I think you should start reading it first, try the techniques that appeal to you, and then try them with me. You might want to try a couple of different times a day, find the time best for you"

She swallowed. "A couple of times a day?" Her eyebrows rose high. "You want me to do this a couple of times a day."

"Sure, if it works for you, why not. Why don't you try it for a couple of days then we can try it together - would Wednesday evening be too soon?"

"Wednesday night. OK. And you think I should practice on my own whenever I want? As often as I want?"

"Oh absolutely! There really is no wrong time. And I don't believe you can do too much."

Melissa clutched the book to her chest and gushed, "I love you." 

* * * * *

When I arrived home Wednesday, Melissa greeted me at the door with a very unexpected (although I thoroughly enjoyed it) and very passionate kiss. When I asked her what that was all about she said she loved me and wanted to be sure that I knew it. I told her I did and asked if she had been practicing. The smile on her face was incandescent.

"Yes! I've been practicing every day, sometimes twice a day. I've practiced twice today already."

"You have! That's great."

Her eyes became glassy and heavy-lidded. She chewed her bottom lip. "Would you like me to do it right now?"

"Right now?" She nodded. "Can we do it right here?" She nodded again and her eyes fluttered a bit. 

"Except you can't watch me." She actually blushed. "I'm not ready for that - not yet."

She looked so cute and vulnerable. "OK. What do you want me to do?"

"Sit in the chair. And cover your eyes - use your tie."

"My tie? Why can't I just close my eyes?"

"NO! Not yet - maybe when I get more comfortable doing this you can watch me then."

"OK. But I'd really like to watch - soon." I smiled at her, and she swallowed nervously.

"I think I'd really like that." She kissed me again. "But not just yet - not today. Now I'm going to cover up those baby blues of yours."

Melissa wrapped my tie around my head, tied it securely, and sat me in the chair. I began to pray silently. The tie was partially over my ears so that sounds were somewhat muffled. I thought I heard Melissa sigh a couple of times. Soon an aroma filled my nostrils, earthy, musky, intoxicating. It was somewhat familiar but I couldn't quite place it. 

I have heard that deep prayer can bring forth heavenly manifestations, i.e., visions, voices, speaking in tongue. Could this delightful smell be like that? Melissa seemed to be breathing loudly. It sounded somewhat like a dog panting after a run. Then I heard it. Melissa was calling out to the Lord. "Oh God...Oh God...Oh God." Over and over she repeated the Lord's Name. She cried out loudly. Then silence.

I felt hands untie my tie and I opened my eyes to see my beautiful wife glowing. A light sheen of perspiration covered her face. Her eyes were blazing with intensity as she looked at me. I was stunned.

"Wow. I've never seen you like this. You seem to really enjoy this?"

"That was the best one yet! It just keeps getting better and better, every time. I love you so much." She kissed me so passionately that it left me nearly breathless.

"I love you too."

Dinner that night was slow and relaxed. Melissa's gaze rarely left me. I found myself secretly wishing that Friday night would arrive early.

* * * * *

When Friday finally arrived, I was ready. By that, I mean that I was looking forward to spending the evening with Melissa. Dinner was fantastic; and quite uncharacteristically for us, we drank a whole bottle of wine. We flirted throughout the meal. 

Usually after dinner we would watch some TV. You know, just relax a bit before going to bed. This night was different; Melissa put some quiet music on the stereo and stood in the middle of the floor.

"Come here Robert. Dance with me."

I held her close and we began to dance. Soon we were simply swaying casually, rubbing out bodies against each other. I was soon very erect; Melissa seemed to enjoy the feeling of my erection pressing into her abdomen. She lifted her head and we began to kiss. The kisses grew in intensity. Our hands roamed freely over each other. Then Melissa pushed away from me. We were both breathing heavily. She walked past me, toward our bedroom. She looked at me with a passion and a need that was captivating. She took hold of my hand and led me inside.

I started to undress when she stopped me. "Let me do that." She slowly unbuttoned my shirt one button after the other. As each button opened, she would kiss my newly exposed skin, and then drag her fingernails over the same area. The sensation was incredible. She pushed the shirt off my shoulders, down to my elbows and left it there. She then knelt before me, loosened my belt, and pulled in slowly out through the loops. She unzipped my pants. I struggled for a moment with the shirt but Melissa looked up and told me not to move - I didn't.

My pants slid to my feet. Melissa knelt and stroked lightly up and down my legs; I was shaking with excitement. I wanted to reach down and touch her but my arms were entangled preventing any direct participation on my part. Melissa began to take great liberties with my situation.

My erection was clearly in need of release from confinement. But Melissa wouldn't remove my briefs no matter how much I asked. She held my thighs and rubbed her face back and forth across my cotton-covered penis. As I began to shake she finally stripped me of my briefs and removed my shirt. She pushed me back onto the bed. I opened my mouth to speak. Her finger on my lips quieted me.

She swayed slowly before me and began to remove her clothes. Her blouse was unbuttoned with excruciating slowness. As the front opened, I could see her breasts in a white lacey bra. I gasped. The blouse floated to the floor, mesmerizing me with her loveliness. Her breasts rose and fell with each breath and I could see her nipples pressing against the fabric.

The swaying continued as her skirt was released, falling down her hips to her feet. She stepped out of it and looked at me. I now realized that she was not wearing her usual underwear, this was different, softer, lacier, and sheerer - this was lingerie. Her panties were nearly transparent; I could easily see the triangle of her pubic hair through it. I was nearly frantic with anticipation for her to remove her last bits of clothing. My anticipation was going to grow.

Melissa stood before me sliding her hands up and down her body. She spent extra time touching her breasts and seemed to be rolling her nipples between her fingers. I felt like I was on fire. I wanted to touch her as never before. I was jealous of the hands touching her; I wanted them to be my hands. Her skin glowed as she stepped closer to the bed. She climbed on and, straddling my legs, walked forward on her knees. With her calves next to my hips she sat on my thighs. The nexus of her body was so close to my penis that I could feel her heat. 

My erection pulsed and twitched. I wanted her as never before. She reached behind her back and I saw the tension in her bra release. Her arms crossed over her breasts and took hold of her shoulder straps. The straps were pushed off her shoulders and hung limply. She held the cup of the bra in her hands and looked at me. I sighed deeply, and then moaned pleadingly. She lowered her hands and slowly exposed her beautiful perfect breasts. As more skin was exposed I found myself shaking with need. She paused with the cups held to cover her nipples then revealed them.

"You are the most beautiful woman in the world."

She smiled at me and bent forward to kiss me. 

She never made it. When the silky softness of her panties and the heat of her skin made contact with my penis, I snapped. I couldn't wait any longer. I had to have her. She squealed as I grabbed her arms and quickly rolled her onto her back. In an instant, I was dragging her panties down her legs. I pushed her legs apart and moved between them. She was struggling to get comfortable beneath me. I barely noticed, crying with need I stabbed at her with my penis until at last I found her center and pushed deep inside her. She cried out loudly, whether in pleasure or pain, I didn't know (and to my shame at the time I didn't care.) I didn't hesitate. I didn't stop. 

Repeatedly I plunged into her with a ferocity that I had never experienced before in my life. Moans and cries were uttered, accompanied by the sound of our skin slapping together. Her legs locked around my hips and she lifted her hips to meet my thrusts. If she had first cried out in pain, it was clear now that her cries were ones of pleasure as she begged me to continue.

I was thrusting into her as never before, and she was matching my intensity and rhythm. It didn't take long for my orgasm to come. As the pressure began to build I thrust faster. That seemed to cause a change in Melissa as she began to babble and moan. I felt her shake and spasm beneath me. She cried out loudly to the Lord, stiffened, shook and cried out again, stiffened - then it was if her whole body became rigid.

A spasm of unforeseen intensity blasted through me. I felt my penis swell and spurt. I continued to thrust as I pumped my seed into her. And I continued to thrust into her until my penis was too soft to continue. 

Finished, I collapsed on to her. I could still feel her vagina clutching at me, though it was impossible for me to respond. I couldn't even speak. I have no idea if I fell asleep of was just unconscious of the time, but I eventually realized that the full weight of my body was on top of my wife. I lifted my torso off of her and looked at her. Her face was flushed, eyes unfocused at first then focused on mine. "I love you."

I bent down to kiss her and our lips met in the gentlest of ways. "I love you too."

I rolled over to the side landing on my back. Usually after making love we would both lie on our backs and fall quickly asleep. This time she rolled with me until she was half straddling my body, her head on my shoulder, her breasts lying on my chest. The way she swung her leg over mine caused her vagina to rest just above my thigh. As we lay there quietly I became aware that something warm and wet was dripping on my thigh. My seed was spilling out of her onto me. For some unknown reason I found the sensation strangely arousing and my body responded. She felt my reaction - well, she felt my erection which was my reaction. Then something happened that had never happened before. 

We made love a second time in the same evening.

Only I didn't realize at first what was about to happen. Melissa rolled slowly on top of me, straddling my thighs, her hands on my chest. I looked up at her. 

She nodded toward my erection. "Would you mind explaining this?" 

I mistook the seriousness of her expression as a rebuking of my barbaric taking of her. I started to apologize and she started to laugh. The more I tried to explain what had just happened, the more she seemed to think it was hilarious. I finally realized that she had enjoyed it as much as I did and joined her in laughter.

As we finally calmed down, I became acutely aware that my erection was now pressing against her crotch. She was aware of it too and the most beguiling of smiles crossed her face. She swiveled her hips and pressed her body down onto the head of my penis. I was just about ready to roll her over when she sat up engulfing my penis into her like never before. That simple action felt amazing. I didn't have to move a muscle. She did it all.

She started with a gentle rocking motion - it was fantastic. Then she changed to more of a hula dance motion - just swiveling her hips as she sat on me. The sensation was like nothing I'd ever experienced. As she 'hula-ed' she reached down and pulled my hands to her breasts. I rubbed them gently, then she looked at me and said, "Harder. Rub my nipples harder." So I did, or at least I thought I was until she said through gritted teeth, "Harder. Harder." So I took hold of her nipples between my thumb and fingers and really squeezed and pulled them. This must have been what she wanted because as soon as I started she moaned loudly and switched from the hula motion to - well she was bouncing hips up and down and it reminded me of a rodeo cowboy. She was moaning and groaning, so I decided to play along and started to buck my hips like a horse.

Her eyes opened wide, she screamed, and pinned my arms to the bed. She lifted her hips up and I thought that I had done something wrong because she was pulling herself off of me. I was wrong. With just the head of my penis still inside her I was about to speak when she slammed her hips down on me. Then she did it again and again. Soon she was covered in sweat, and it dripped freely from her. I was beginning to get close to my own orgasm when she lifted her head up. I felt her vagina clutching at my penis and this triggered mine. We moaned in unison.

This time she collapsed on me. We were asleep in seconds, at least I was. When I awoke the next morning she was still lying on top of me - well, half on, half off. I tried to move and discovered that we were stuck together at our hips. My efforts to unstuck us, woke her up. She looked at me and smiled, I don't think I'd ever seen a prettier sight. 

That was the end of our once a week on Friday night routine. Soon, we were making love just about every night. Sometimes we went to bed intending to make love. Sometimes we would just hug and kiss and it led to making love. 

I had to go on a business trip and would be gone for four days, leaving Tuesday and returning Friday afternoon. At the airport, as Melissa kissed me good-bye she whispered in my ear that she would have a special surprise for me when I got home if I did one little thing for her. I agreed of course, and then was shocked when she said that I could not masturbate while I was away.

It was agony, mostly because every night that we talked Melissa told me how empty the bed was and how much she was missing me. She was very specific in the ways that she missed me too. I'm not sure that I could have held out another night. That Friday night when I got home was pretty intense. I had a lot to share with my wife. By Saturday morning it was evident that the fresh sheets she'd put on would have to be changed. We were both pretty sticky.

"Let's go shower, my love."

We had showered together before, it was no big deal. This time was completely different. We had both got good and wet when she handed me the soap and said, "You made this mess, now you clean it up."

"Yes, ma'am." I replied.

She spun to face the wall so that I could do her back first. I carefully washed her neck, shoulders, and back. As I re-soaped to wash her bottom she leaned forward against the glass causing her bottom to arch toward me. My body responded. I washed her bottom then knelt to wash her legs and feet. After a rinse she turned around. As I was still kneeling my eyes were level with her crotch. I could clearly see the white crust that covered her pubic hair and inner thighs. I washed and watched. After finishing her legs I stood and washed her upper body. I particularly enjoyed washing her breasts, her nipples got quite hard. I rinsed her down and was about to give her the soap to wash me when I noticed that she was pouting with her head down looking up at me.

"What?"

"Don't you like my body?"

"I love your body, it's beautiful. I love every bit of your body."

"No, you like some of it - but not all of it."

"What part don't I like?"

"The part you didn't wash - you don't like that part." Her bottom lip was sticking out.

I thought for a moment. I understood. "Oh, I was leaving that for you to wash."

"Because you don't like it, you think it's ugly and smelly."

I could tell by her tone she was teasing me, but I could also tell she was telling me something very important. I lifted her chin and kissed her softly on her mouth. "I don't want you to ever think that I don't love every bit of you. If you want, I'll be happy to wash you there - down there."
