 A gorgeous, all-American girl climbs out of her eight-year old Mustang in a brief, well worn, two-piece bathing suit and leans back in to gather her beach things. Lovely body. C-cup breasts, small waist, shapely legs, firm but full butt which is now sticking out into the traffic lane. An empty traffic lane, fortunately. Dark red hair cut short and shaggy, blue eyes, a face that's more girl-next-door cute than beautiful with a scattering of freckles over the nose. She straightens, locks the car door and starts up over the low hill covered with scraggly growth. At the top she looks down to the beach and ocean, perhaps a hundred yards ahead and thirty feet lower. She heads toward the beach but stops short, spreads out her large beach towel and lays down on her stomach to tan.

She's almost to the beach, still a little above it. She's laying in a slight depression and can only be seen from directly below on the beach or directly above, further up the slope. After just a minute or so she stands, looks up and down the beach and sees it completely deserted. No one in sight. It's early spring. Too early for the beach. But it's an unusually nice day. She removes her top and lays back down. Again, after only a minute or so she stands, looks around again, reassuring herself that she's alone, then bends and steps out of her suit bottom, too. Now naked, for line-less tanning, she lays down again on her towel.

Down the beach a full mile or slightly more, a young man comes out of a house, moves down to water's edge and starts jogging. Roughly 5'10", a trim body but not from any excessive workouts, just a natural healthy shape, he's better than average looking with straight, dark hair and wearing only a boxer-style bathing suit.

Without realizing it, the all-American girl has spread her towel over several pieces of the low growth on what is essentially an aging sand dune. A small knuckle or root creates an intrusive bump under her towel, directly against her now nude genital labia, almost hitting her clitoris. She lies on her stomach, planning on relaxing and getting more of a tan. She barely feels the intrusion under her. But she does feel it. She moves her hips slightly. Which causes her pussy lips to rub back and forth on the root. Almost subconsciously, she smiles and feels a very slight arousal. She moves her hips again, getting another slight stimulation. She relaxes for a moment, smiling. Without meaning to, her mind begins thinking of sex. Specifically her frustration with not having any recent sexual activities. She rubs herself against the node several more times. 

Smiling but sighing, she rolls over and re-centers herself on the towel. She bends her knees and brings them up towards her some, then lets them fall off to each side as she reaches down and gets a couple fingers into herself. She lies there with her eyes closed, smiling, as she starts to seriously masturbate.

His attention caught by a movement or sound, the young man jogging up the beach looks inland and sees the naked girl masturbating. He changes his direction and heads up toward her. The closer he gets, the more he realizes how attractive she is. And the more he can see her fingers moving, her now juicy pussy fully exposed to him. Several feet away he stops and steps out of his trunks and moves to her, now naked himself.

His shadow or movement catches the girls attention through her self-absorption in her pussy and she opens her eyes just as he is kneeling down, about at her feet. Her hand stops its movement as his presence slowly works its way through her sexually aroused conscience. She is about to react, either by yelling or jumping up or both, when he leans forward and replaces her fingers with his tongue. The feeling of his tongue pushing itself into her vagina is so unique -- it has never happened to her before -- and so desirable that she pauses. Then as he licks up and down, even flicking quickly on her clit, she becomes more and more aroused, even puts her hand on his head to hold him to her so he'll continue. Which he does. Her other hand starts squeezing a nipple on one breast and her breathing becomes faster and louder. 

He has both hands under her butt cheeks, lifting her slightly so that he can get his mouth to her entire bottom. He licks and sucks everywhere from her anus to her clit, then centers on her clit, sucking on it and pulling on it with his lips. She has the greatest orgasm of her young life, not even quite realizing what it is but experiencing more than she ever has before. Fluids gush out and he licks and sucks as if he's trying to swallow her whole pussy. As he sits back, she almost collapses. He moves his body up over hers, pausing briefly to lick and suck on a nipple, then with practiced care he aims his very erect penis into her genital lips and starts pushing his way into her.

It takes some force to push his erection through her tight canal an inch or so at a time. Slowly he's fully into her, their bodies tight against one another. He starts pulling out slightly then pushing back in. She puts her arms up around him, lifts her knees up on either side, silently urging him on. His actions slowly increase in both speed and strength as her lubrication makes his movements easier. As he pounds into her, her breaths came in "ouffs" with each push. Both are oblivious to the world around them, fully rapt on their activity. It might be only a few minutes or it might be eternity that their arousals build and build. She climaxes first, for her second time, something she has never before experienced. As he continues to pound into her it's like her orgasm just holds on, even grows, and then she feels him push even harder then stay in her as warm ejaculation pulses against her insides. She wraps her legs up around him to hold him in her.

Eventually he starts to pull back and she lowers her legs. She has never felt exactly like this before. It's more emotion than she's ever experienced. In her foggy state, almost ready to collapse from overload, she knows even as she says it that it's not quite right but it's how she feels. "Thank you,"she says. He brings his lips to hers and they kiss. She feels completely fulfilled, even tired. They kiss again and again. Her legs come down from around him and he slowly pulls out and off her.

She wakes. She's alone. She stands up, looks up and down the beach. She's definitely alone. Was it just a dream? No, the stickiness running out onto her thigh isn't from a dream. The stains on her towel aren't from a dream. She sits down on the towel. Out loud she almost yells, "Fuck!" The greatest sex of her life. Eventually she puts her suit back on and walks up and then down the beach, looking for the guy. As she does, she realizes that she might not even recognize him. He never said a word, not a sound. Nothing. She found no one that could possibly be him.

        . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 

Over a week later, the same gorgeous all-American girl with the lush body is in the same minimal bathing suit, stomach down, the suit top loose, on a chaise longue in her back yard. She can hear the lawn mower next door. The mower sound stops and her neighbor steps through a gate in the hedge. "Hi, Nancy," he says.

"Hi, Mark," she responds, looking his direction and smiling. Nancy and Mark have been neighbors since they were born. Mark is six months older but they've gone through life and school together. He even took her to her first dances in middle school. They're now both in college locally. They're almost like brother and sister they know each other so well. While she was the social one, he was the brain. His only outside activity was wrestling on the high school varsity. He's blond, hair curt very short, brown eyes, buff body. He'd taken up working out with Pilates almost a year ago . Just making small talk but perhaps representing what was on her mind, she says, "How's your love life?"

He looks at her and smiles. "Non-existent, as usual," he replies. "I don't know why, I just can't seem to relax around girls. Don't know what to say. Just like it's always been. You're the only girl I seem to be able to be normal with."

She pushes up slightly, supporting herself on one arm, unintentionally exposing most of her breasts. "Well, you look good, Mark. I'm surprised some girls haven't been making some moves on you."

"Well, they haven't," he replies, unable to not look at her full breasts but not wanting to make an issue of it. "But how's your love life?"

She lay back down. "Oh, nothing much," she says and then pauses. "Well," she then adds, partly sitting up to look at him again, "That's not true. " She pauses then decides to open up to her old friend. "I had the greatest sexual experience of my life. With a complete stranger. And then he disappeared. I want to do more of it but I can't find him." Her bare breasts bouncing in front of him as she tells him the whole story in fair detail, starting with her going to McGrath Beach and ending with her waking up alone and how she'd gone back over and over hoping to run into him but hadn't. "I'm so frustrated," she goes on. "I mean, Brent and I had sex a lot while we were dating in high school but to be honest it wasn't all that great. I wondered what all the fuss was about. Just when I'd start to get interested, he was done and it was all over. Made me pleasure myself a lot, even get a dildo. But this guy, wow. I've never been so aroused. It was so great I even thanked him when we were done. Imagine, thanking a complete stranger for fucking you.""

"Other guys must be able to do what this guy did," Mark says, his eyes on her almost bare body and beginning to revive thoughts he'd had before about her. "I mean, I've never experienced it but from what I've read, he had oral sex with you and then fucked you. I think lots of other guys could do that."

"Well, maybe," she replies. "But Brent sure didn't. So how do I find someone? Do I have to have sex with a bunch of different guys until I find one I like? I can't just go out and start auditioning guys. I just need one guy who will take his time and do all the right things. Cripes, I'm starting to get all aroused just talking about it."

"I could do it," he says.

"Mark, you?"

"Sure. I haven't done it but I can't believe it would be hard to learn. You might just have to guide me every once in a while, tell me what you want. But I've watched enough porn and read enough that I pretty much know what to do. "

"But we've been friends forever. Getting sexually involved could mess that all up. Besides, I'm not sure I could tell anyone what to do. I just know what he did was perfect."

"Our being friends is what would make it work," he says. "We can trust each other. We can try anything we want and see how it works and be honest with each other. It's probably perfect. I mean, you want some sex and I want some sex."

"Cripes, Mark, just talking about it, I'm almost cumming. This is probably nuts and I'll regret it. But c'mon, lets get inside where all the neighbors can't watch us." She stood up, remembered for the first time that she didn't have a bra on, looked embarrassed at Mark as she grinned and then bent back to pick it up, and started to her house. Mark followed. "This is probably crazy but I'm just horny enough to need it. But whatever happens, we've got to remember this is just for sex. Let's not mess up our friendship, or our parents' friendships over it. Its just sort of an emergency way to satisfy both our needs. If it starts getting in the way for us, we stop."

Mark had been aware for some time that Nancy was gorgeous. A truly sexy girl. He more strongly had been aware of her as a buddy, his long time friend. But as he saw her body and realizes what is about to happen he gets more and more aroused himself. While he just answers her with a "Sure," he's deciding to try everything he'd ever seen or read and do this right. Have a terrific sexual experience. He sure couldn't have ever dreamed of having a better body to try things on. As they walk, he has a thought. "How about condoms? I don't have any."

"I've been on the pill almost since I started menstruating. We don't need condoms."

Nancy leads the way to her bedroom. Once inside, she steps out of her suit bottom and, naked, turns to Mark, who has also stepped out of his shorts. She realizes, actually for the first time since she had never thought of him this way before, that he's a real hunk. And his erect cock looks as good or better than anything she's ever imagined or seen on the ‘net. "You really have a great body, Mark," she says as she steps toward him.

"Nancy, you're absolutely gorgeous. The greatest body I've ever seen." He steps to her, puts his arms around her and kisses her. It's the first kiss since they were probably twelve or so and, as she returns it, the best kiss of his life. He can feel his erection pressing into her stomach, her breasts against him, her arms around him. If he ever needed any sexual encouragement, he's getting it now in full measure. "Wow!" he says as they break the kiss and move to the bed. She climbs on and lays back and he climbs on after her and gets about half onto her as he kisses her again.

Here he is, ready to do everything he'd ever thought of when masturbating. And he couldn't have a sexier girl to be doing it with. A perfect body. And they know each other so well, he doesn't even have any worries about how he'll do. He moves his kiss to her shoulders, slides his whole body down slightly and kisses her left breast. He gets both hands to her breasts, then his mouth to her left nipple. He massages and caresses her breasts as he licks and sucks on the nipples. He can hear her breathing louder.She almost moans as he slides on down, kisses her stomach and then gets his first look at a live, naked pussy. 

She'd already spread her legs and moved her knees up toward her shoulders, opening herself to him. He had thoughts of working his way up and down her legs with kisses but, seeing his prize in front of him, didn't waste any more time. He moves his face to the pink lips that are just below the thatch of pubic hair, darker but still with a reddish color to it. He kisses. As spread as she is, he can see the glistening red insides so he pushes his tongue into her. He pushes in as far as he can and then licks around. He licks up and then down. He can feel the shape of her, firm but giving. He knows the clit is higher so he licks upwards some and knows he's found it when her hips jump slightly. He flicks his tongue back and forth and can hear what sounds like a moan from her.

He gets really diligent in the job he has. He licks faster and harder, moving almost constantly. Down into her, around a little, up again and center on her clit and then down into her again. Her insides get softer, there's more juice. He sucks on her some and keeps licking. Her clit seems to actually grow, become more of a shape and not just a bump. Her hips twitch more and more, her sounds get louder and louder. She's not saying words, just "ahs" and deep breaths. She has a hand on the back of his head, pushing him into her. Her bottom starts to actually buck. He licks and sucks, gets his lips around her clit and pulls on it and sucks. Her body seems to stiffen, her hips up off the bed, as she emits a low scream or howl and he can feels a gush of juices coming from her. He lowers his face back down a little and gets his lips against her and sucks as she keeps making loud moans, unintelligible noises. 

He sits back from her, looks up at her face and smiles. "Fuck me," she says. "Just fuck me!"

He leans over her, slides his knees up and gets his very erect cock aimed at a pussy for the very first time. She reaches down between them, wraps her fingers around him and pulls him, helping him get into her. He's never felt anything like this. His cock is pushing its way through a mass that's sort of wet and warm and resisting but still letting him move through it. It's so tight it feels as if his foreskin might get ripped off. Or what foreskin is left on his circumcised cock. But he also realizes he needs no lessons. It's something he just knows what to do. He keeps pushing in until he can feel his belly against hers. Can feel her pubic hair against him. Her arms are up around him. He pulls back and pushes back in again. Then again.

"More" she says, her face below him looking concentrated and slightly flushed. "Harder." He pulls out and pushes in, coming out as far as he can without coming loose and then pushing in fast and hard. She lets out an "oof" as he pounds into her. He does it again. "Yes" she says. He starts really pounding into her. "Fuck" she says. Then "Yes" then "Fuck" with some "ahs" between. He can feel within him that he's about to cum. He wants to last as long as he can but has no idea what to do to delay anything. He gets about two more pushes into her and then holds it in her as he shoots off. At just the same time, she stiffens again and almost screams and he can feel her insides grasping him even tighter. Then she lifts her legs up around him, her arms still around him, and rocks slightly side to side. She smiles at him. "Mark that was perfect. You were great." She moves her lips into a slight pucker so he leans his head down and gets to her and kisses her. He has to almost slide out of her to do this and she pulls him tighter with her legs, not wanting to lose him.

To really kiss her, he has to pull out, though. He's just taller than her. She unwraps her legs as he pulls loose and they continue their kiss. He finally breaks the kiss and lifts himself up and off her. She turns to him and they get their arms around each other and hold each other and she says, "We've got to do that again"

He answers, "And again and again." She grins and kisses him.

They lay there, pressing against one another, feeling each other's bodies, both experiencing the glow of successful sex. Nancy is ecstatic that she's experienced multiple orgasms for the second time. She knows now that it can happen regularly. Sex is much more than what she experienced with her first partner. She's also pleased that it's Mark. She's always liked him. Even as young kids he never picked on her or caused her any trouble and she just knows deep down that she can trust him, be honest with him because he'll be honest with her. She's even more happy about what a great body he has and that it felt to her as if his cock was actually the largest she'd ever experienced. She's also thinking that she'd prefer him to be hard again and in her. She'd love to experience more and more orgasms. So she reaches down between them to get her hand to his penis. It's the first one she's actually touched. She squeezes it and pulls on it slightly, doing what she hopes will encourage him to get hard again. The thought even runs through her mind that maybe this time they could just go at it for hours and she could have orgasm after orgasm.

Mark has similar but slightly different feelings. This was his first time, so he's basking in the glory of actually having his penis enveloped in a tight vagina. He's a little surprised how difficult it was to push his way in, it felt as if his foreskin might get torn off. He's also rapt in the feeling of this lovely female body being his, pressing against him, wanting him. He'd always liked Nancy. He had long since admitted to himself that he compared all other girls to her and none have ever measured up. She's the prettiest, with the best body, and the easiest to be with of any girl he'd ever known. To discover now that she's also probably the sexiest girl he'd ever know was absolutely perfect. He had both hands on her ass, feeling her sexy body against him when she reaches down and starts playing with his cock. So he moves one hand down between them to get at her pussy. He feels her pubic hair and then pushes his fingers on down until they feel her lips, feel the wetness, the stickiness. He manages to slide a finger into her softly and feel around with it a little.
