 ….lick her clean?

His mind raced. He scrambled up onto his knees, scared that she would think twice, and move away from him.

Face to face with her smooth lips, the candlelight reflected in the remaining drips, like diamonds ready to drop.

He cupped his hand and filled it with the warm bathwater, bringing it up to her lips as he licked her for the first time, momentarily unsure if he’d like the taste. His desire however, outweighed any other thoughts, and he drank from her feverishly. He felt her hand at the back of his head, and heard her moan softly as his tongue parted her lips. He reached up to hold them apart, and sucked at the small bud of her clitoris. Her legs shook momentarily as she stood over the bath, and she pulled his head even closer. 

He was still dizzy from his climax earlier, but felt even more light headed at the pleasure he was giving his woman. His groan of arousal vibrated through her clit as he held it between his lips, and she quivered, then pushed his head away.

He sat back on his heels and drank in the sight of her. That sensuous body, wrapped in the sexiest outfit he had ever seen… Her bare pussy lips, parted enough to see he pink inside.

Not surprised in the least, he knew his cock was hard again… even so soon after the best climax of his life.

She noticed.

He sat there still as she got down off the bath. 

“What would she do next”, he thought, desperately hoping there would be more to come…

Leaning close, her lips brushed his ear as she whispered, “Dry yourself, then lie face down on our bed, and don’t move”. He closed his eyes as he listened to her voice, the sound of it making his cock twitch.

When he opened them, he was alone.

Determined not to let his thoughts stray from his orders, he couldn’t help but wonder what had changed. Sex between them had always been good…fun…ever so slightly adventurous. 

They talked dirty…

sometimes…

Should he be questioning things? He looked down at his cock, still firm, and made the decision to just enjoy it. 

…and just hope desperately that it would continue after tonight.

He dried his body carefully, his skin tingled with anticipation, his cock so sensitive to touch. “What else should I do?” he thought… “Shave?” “Brush my teeth?” … Or should he not keep her waiting? 

Naked, he walked out of the bathroom, and shuddered as the cold air hit his warm skin. Walking down the hall to the bedroom, he could smell the scent of her perfume in the air along with the smell of hot candle wax. The room in front of him glowed softly, and apart from the candles, nothing seemed out of the ordinary. Slightly disappointed, but knowing that the candles held a promise, he followed his orders and lay on the bed, face down. 

He waited.

He listened.

… but all he could hear was himself breathing, slightly faster than normal.

Then, softly, he felt her hand on his ass, slowly rubbing in circles…mmmmmmm…and he motioned to look around.

“No”, she said, her tone purposeful. She pushed his head back down.

Something was tied around his eyes, and he now lay prone and blindfolded. 

He relaxed as he felt her two hands now running over his body, starting from his shoulders in one continuous motion down over his back. A delicious massage, sensual, firm. She ran her hands down his legs, and lingered at his ankles, holding them firmly, one in each fist.

Slowly, he felt his legs being moved apart, a vulnerable position in any man’s books. As he’d lain down, his cock was pointing towards his feet, and it now grew harder as he realised it, and his balls, were on show for her.

Something silky trailed across his ankle… and around… pulling tight, but not too tight. He went to move his leg, but found it tied, and somehow, so was his other. His thoughts had made him let down his guard, but that came with the trust he had in her.

He felt her hands move up his body, knowing that his wrists were next. He silently congratulated himself on the purchase of the ironwork bed – perfect for situations such as this! 

She lowered herself onto the small of his back…. just above his ass, facing his feet. Tied spreadeagled as he was, his senses were heightened, and every movement she made was intensified. His cock grew uncomfortable, and she knew it. 

She lay forward, and he felt her tongue flick at the engorged head. Tiny, almost imperceptible licks, as she took her time to gaze at his cock after each one. She slid her tongue back up, and over his balls to suck the smooth skin behind them. His asshole tightened involuntarily as he ground his hips into the bed, putting much needed pressure on his cock. He felt something touch his tight hole. A tongue? A finger?

He’d always found his asshole to be sensitive. Scared at the thought when he was younger, but now sure of his sexuality, he’d always longed for her to explore that side of him. When he was alone and masturbating, a finger always slid towards his ass, helping him over the edge.

Now, she was doing it. He felt dizzy.

Then his thoughts came back to his position. What was she going to do? He knew now it was her finger, and she’d either sucked it, or used some lubrication. It travelled deliciously around his hole… pushing at it now and then, but not sliding inside. He groaned with pleasure.

Taking his mind away from his ass for a moment, he could swear that he felt moisture on his back. “Her pussy,” he thought, “she’s oozing juices over my back”. Oh God…could he take anymore of this? So close to shooting his load, he began concentrating hard on holding back. Sensing his distress, in one movement she was off his back and standing at the base of the bed.

She let him gather his thoughts for a moment, and he was thankful.

“You touched your cock in the bathroom, didn’t you?” she said.

“Y…y…y..es” he stammered. 

“You know what I said would happen, don’ t you?”

“Um, well… I’d be spanked?” 

“Oh yes, I did say you would be spanked.” Her tone was wicked and sexy.

He braced himself for what was to come, but nothing happened.

He frowned, he had the feeling she left the room. 

A moment’s panic. 

Tied. 

Vulnerable, his adrenaline level shot up.

…which was just what she wanted to happen.

Suddenly, Her voice, in his ear. Forceful. Powerful. “I’m going to spank you. You may call me Goddess. You may beg for mercy, but I may show you none. I control you.” 

He nodded.

Ever so slightly apprehensive.

Scared even.

He was a control freak. At work he was infamous for it. How did he let himself get into this situation?

Then, he felt her at his side.

In a quieter voice she added, “If it’s too much, call my real name, that is your code for me to stop.” 

He smiled, relieved.

So much had changed in the past few hours, he was unsure of how far this would go, and where the woman he loved had been transported to. With those few words he relaxed, knowing that she would not hurt him, and in fact, loved him with all her heart. This was all he had ever wanted, and more.

She moved away, and he knew The Goddess was back.

Her hand slid over his ass, and he waited for the smack.

It didn’t come.

Instead, he felt something harder, tapping at his ass. 

It tapped his balls too…