 Tonight we're going out dancing. I've got on a soft short cocktail dress and heels, little Brazilian panties. You are dressed in trousers that give you some nice room in the front. We smile at each other and start to move a little, pressed together while we have a drink.

When we get to the club, your friends are there as well. We all have some laughs; it's a great night. But your attention is still on me. My hips feel loose and I'm ready to dance close. The music picks up, talks to us, and we go out on the dance floor with the crowd. The beat is heavy and sensual. We press our hips together, my breasts on your chest, and I give your lips a little lick with my tongue. I turn around, and we dance spoon style. I know what that does to you. I feel your cock between my cheeks and I rub them across it. Your arms wrap around me and graze my nipple, deliberately. We're in public, remember, I'm thinking. Be discreet.

I turn around again and we dance dirty style, with your thigh between my legs, nothing but my panties keeping me from rubbing my pussy lips on your leg. I press and it feels so good. I ask you, 'do you feel the warm wet on your thigh?'

The lights are down so low, that you slowly slide your hand up my skirt and cup my ass, squeeze it and pull me tight against you. I want to kiss you mad. But I just keep my hot lips near yours, enjoy your breath. Damn its getting hot. And your hand moves around to the front while we keep grinding to the beat.

I see movement over my shoulder, and I turn to see your friend. I've always thought this guy was a love. As I'm locked into your eyes, he is behind me and holding my hips. Your hand slides into my pussy and one finger glides between my lips, to separate them, and the wetness there is so abundant, you moan when you feel it. Our buddy's cock is against my ass.... Oh, I feel them both, yours in front of my thigh and his behind me. My head falls back and I see we've worked into a bit of a corner. You keep working my clit, and buddy's hand strokes up my side and massages my right breast.... oh, that gets my nipple hard. Cocks, two cocks, yes.....please. I'm starting to lose control. I throw my head forward to look at you, and catch your mouth with mine, so hard yet soft. Maul you. I need cock now.

I look over my shoulder, at our sweet friend, look back at you, and grin, 'guys, please...please I need you.' You smile at me and whisper that you are going to put me into oblivion tonight.

We start to walk out. When we get into the car I get in the back and pull buddy in with me. I sit him in the middle so you can see in the rear view. I sit on his lap, with my skirt pulled up around my hips. I pull my top and bra down under my breasts; my D breasts with my nipples so rock hard, and rub my crotch on his dick.... holy crap I think he's hung. His tongue starts under my breast and glides all wet up to the nipple.... oh shit.... I twist to the side so you can see in the rear view, and ask him to do it again.... do you see that baby? Do you like my tit in his mouth? Look at that.... feels gooood.

I climb off, and start undoing his belt. Zipper down, my face is down there...I reach in, oh, YES, hot throbbing cock. Best pleasure in life. I take it out and my tongue is drawn to it. I lick him like he licked me: wet, grazing, smooth, and twirl my tongue around when I get to the head. I look at your eyes in the mirror, smiling. I love you. Do you like what I am? I hold it firm in my hand and start to go down on it. Beautiful.

We are there...where did we go? Our place -- good. I run up the stairs and get a bottle of tequila out of the cupboard. Three glasses. You me and tequila make three. Three shots. I pour one down buddy's throat and kiss up the dribbles from his face. He tries to latch on to me but i pull away to you, and feed you your drink. I run my tongue all around the inside of your lips, all around, tastes good.

You take my hand, pull me into the hallway, and push me against the wall.... give me my shot...put your hand across my mouth to wipe my lips... but your hand doesn't leave...?

You're holding your left hand over my mouth, oh, you're so bad you know I love that. You're on one side of me, pinning me, keeping me quiet, and I can feel your cock press against my hip. I feel buddy's body move in on me, too. OH yes. He pulls my dress down off the other shoulder, on my other side, and takes my nipple in his mouth. Holy crap, yes. And then both your hands reach under my dress and slide my panties down.

I love being up against the wall in heels with my panties around my ankles.

I reach up to take your hand off my mouth. My pussy is dripping, I tell you, please help me. You both release me, and I step out of my panties and walk down the hall. When we get into the bedroom, you get undressed, and buddy follows suit. Dream come true. Bring those things over to me.

You get on the bed and point your cock at me. Buddy comes up to me and pulls up my skirt once again...no panties, strokes my bottom softly. I turn toward the bed and bend over toward you, buddy's hand still on my ass. I take your cock in my hand, at the base, and stroke my face with it. I love cock I love cock I love cock. The head on my lips, my cheek, my eyes, and I curl my tongue around it...and as I'm bent over, I feel a warm, soft thing at my soaking wet hole. The touch sends a rush through me. I'm paralyzed, it's going in, in more, slowly, so wet and slick, spreading me open. My knees are going to give out, I think, my ass propped up so high from my heels.

But it's all just a blur now. I'm devouring you, slurping, mouthing, gliding sucking. Stroking going on in my pussy, all the sensations are blending and my clit is going to burst. I down you to the hilt when it gets beyond my ability to move, because I'm coming so close so I just suck and smell you and feel my pussy and come come come god, come! and breathe, come up for air.

Buddy's come all down my pussy. I look up at you and you pull away from my mouth. I'm bent over the bed. You slide down the side of my body, off the bed, and lay on top of me, with your feet on the floor, legs against the back of my legs. You lovingly kiss my back and run your tongue down my spine. You kneel behind me and run your tongue from my heels up to that little crease where my leg meets my ass. You let my cheek sort of sit on your nose, I can feel, and I start to come to my senses.

I look back at you over my shoulder, then half stand up. You come forward, over me, and guide your cock up to my pussy. I love your cock. When you're in the right spot, you take both my nipples in your thumbs and forefingers and give them a squeeze, and I turn my head back over my shoulder and find your mouth. We're attached by pussy and nipples and mouth. Then you sink it in. Thank you. With those sweet strokes you give me.

I look over, and oh man, there's buddy with a brand new beautiful hard on in his hand, stroking it steadily watching us. I could stay in this room forever. Can I just watch that for a while baby, while you fuck me? Keep fucking me, keep fucking me....