 I love my Dad. Ever since my parents divorced, he's been taking good care of me. I try to help around the house we share, but I know he works hard to provide for the two of us. I've got a part-time job at a craft store at the mall and it gives me gas money for my Wrangler. I have spent a lot of time studying because this is my senior year, and I need to bring my grade point average up. I'm not a scholar like my friend Jenny, so it doesn't come easy for me. I hope to go to the State University with some of my friends next year. I really want to be an art teacher.

Anyway, Dad drives his pickup to various job sites around the county. He's a bricklayer and really buff. I know he and Mom didn't get along. Mom's depression and drinking didn't help, either. So they split. Dad kept the house, so I got to stay in my old room. It's OK, but I'm also looking forward to going to college.

Dad gives me a lot of freedom to be with my friends, as long as he knows where I am. That's cool. Even though I'm eighteen, I still depend on him for so much. I think he depends on me, too. I've tried to be a good girl most of my life. Lately, however, it's like I have itchy feet or wings ready to unfold or something, because I just want my freedom. My two best friends are Janey and Julie. We talk about everything. We also share some clothes. One thing I inherited from Mom is big boobs. I guess that's two things! Since Janey has big boobs too, we can swap blouses. Julie's got wider hips, so she's more my size for slacks. At 5' 4", I'm kind of short, so I appear to be really stacked, even though I'm just a C cup. My shoulder-length hair is light brown and I have hazel eyes.

Just now, I don't have a real boyfriend, because I have been busy with studies, soccer practice, and work. That's not to say I'm not experienced. I have been out with several different guys, mostly guys from my class that I've known forever. Football and soccer games, dances, double dates, movies, a couple of proms- that's been the extent of my dating life. I've seen my Dad gives the guys the "lecture" when they come to pick me up, but I know he's proud of me, and trusts me. I'm sure he doesn't suspect I'm not a virgin. I gave that up to Billy Thompson last year. It was kind of scary, and we fumbled around a lot, but it turned out to be fun. Maybe I'll write about that sometime. But we didn't really want to keep going out with each other, so I just remember it as a learning experience. So ever since then, I've been having as much fun as I could, between practices, work, and studying for tests, that is. So Dad keeps a watch on me. He'd have a cow and then come out shooting if he knew what went on last night. I can hardly believe it myself. I never knew...

I was over at Julie's house yesterday, having arranged to spend the night with her. We had supper with her Mom and her brother and then helped her Mom clean the dishes. When the phone rang, it was Janey. She said to Julie that we should go out to the drive-in that night. We have one of the few remaining drive-ins in the state. Lots of people come there for the outdoor show. It's fun when we go. Julie's mom checked what was playing (a campy horror flick we'd all seen before) and agreed to let us go, provided we come right home after the show. She even let Julie take the Bonneville.

We went to pick up Janey and then drove to the drive-in, getting there just as it was getting dark. There were not as many cars there as usual. We saw Bret Johnson in his big Dodge Ram pickup parked near the back. He had it backed in and had chairs and a cooler in the truck bed. His dad works for the dealer and Bret does too, part-time. There were a couple of guys with him we didn't recognize. There were other couples in cars; none real close. Those others were keeping to themselves, mostly.

We hit up the snack shack for soda's and popcorn before the show started. Bret and his buddies walked in while we were there.

"Well, hello girls!" said Bret. He was looking good in his letterman's jacket. He's a basketball jock, and pretty good, I guess. Even though it was warm enough to go without it, he seemed to have it on all the time.

"Hi Bret," said Janey with a grin. She likes him and has been out a couple of times. Of course she told us all about how he likes to french kiss. She said he let her feel her up one time and it got her hot. I think she wanted it to go further, but they couldn't do more under a blanket at the football game.

"Who are your friends?" asked Julie.

"This is Paul and Wayne, my cousins from Atlanta," replied Bret.

"Hi, I'm Paul," he said, stepping closer. "Can I help you carry that?" indicating my tub of popcorn. He was a real hunk, as big as Bret but huskier, with big feet. His southern accent was kind of sexy. 

"Sure, I guess," I replied. Wayne introduced himself and slid next to Julie. I could tell she was attracted to him right away. She had her best "come-and-get-me" smile and struck a pose that even a dead man could not look away from.

"Why don't you girls park near my truck and we'll party?" asked Bret. I was a little hesitant, thinking this was a "girls night out", but Janey was already moving outside with Bret. As Julie and Wayne seemed to be hitting it off, that left me with Paul. I could do worse, I thought. Suddenly I had a flash of Paul kissing me. What was that? I just met the guy. But he is such a hottie, just look at him!

"OK, why not," I said.

"Great. Come on." Paul carried my popcorn and we walked back to our car. Julie moved it closer to the truck in the back row. 

Paul and I were talking and munching popcorn when the movie started and we continued to talk well into it. Like I said, we'd already seen the movie. I really liked being with Paul. He was at least a head taller than me. And those broad shoulders! We were standing between the car and truck, leaning on the car in the shadows of the large fence right behind us. I snuggled closer to him as we talked and watched the movie.

Julie and Wayne were in the truck bed with Bret and Janey, also munching popcorn and watching the movie. Julie giggled at something Bret said, which seemed odd with the horror flick going on. 

The more I talked with Paul, the better I liked him. His accent may have sounded southern redneck, but it became obvious that he also had a brain and a knack for making me feel good. We seemed to have a lot in common, and he made me laugh with his corny jokes. We were smuggling, he behind me with his arms around me. We totally lost track of the movie as we talked about our various experiences. His hands got a little frisky, trying to get under my shirt.

"Hey, what are you doing?" I asked.

"Just trying to get to know you a little better," said Paul. "What's the matter? Haven't you ever fooled around?"

"Sure I have, but we just met."

"Well, I sure like you. You're the prettiest girl I've ever seen, as the matter of fact. You're pretty hot." Paul was laying it on thick, and I was lapping it up. He was hot too, and I really didn't mind his roaming fingers.

"Let's get in the car," he suggested.

"OK," I replied. I wanted to sit down. The truck bed was full with the other four. They seemed to be getting along just fine. Besides, I wanted to be alone with Paul. So we got in the backseat of the Bonneville and kicked off our shoes. I sat beside him, only facing backwards. He immediately began kissing me. Wrapping his arms around me, he pulled me close, touching his lips to my forehead, nose, cheeks, chin, and then my lips. As we kissed, my hands slipped from his shoulders to his chest. He had told me he worked out. It was obvious from the development of his pecs and biceps that he had done a lot of it.

His hands moved from my back to my front. I glanced out the window, but nobody seemed to be close enough to see what we were doing. In fact, we were beginning to fog up the windows! I didn't object when Paul cupped my boobs and gently squeezed. I moaned a little, and he took that as encouragement to continue his exploration. He began to unbutton my blouse. As he did that, I untucked it. I shucked it off, feeling a little bare, but wanting him to keep doing what he was doing. He fumbled around behind my back with one hand, trying to unhook my bra, while playing with my boobs in the front with his other hand. I reached behind and unsnapped the clasp so that it loosened and fell off to join my shirt on the floor. My boobs stuck out, with the nipples already hard and pointed at his face.

"I just love your boobs, Mary," Paul said. He kissed one, then the other, giving each nipple a little lick. I responded eagerly, pushing them into his face. He sucked on one nipple while pinching the other. This was making me even hotter. I could feel my wetness beginning between my legs, and I squirmed. How far would this go? Would he want to go all the way? Would I?

We shifted positions. He took off his shirt, exposing those big pecs and shoulders. I just had to rub them! I lay back on the seat and Paul lay beside me. There was plenty of room in this big car. He was playing with my boobs and dry humping my leg. I could feel his boner through his jeans. I reached down to feel it through his pants and was surprised how thick and long it was. 

"Oh, Paul," I gasped. We kissed even harder, our tongues dancing with each other. He got even bolder, sliding his hand down the front of my pants. His fingers reached the wetness. I could feel his middle finger as it parted my lower lips and began to seek entry. I was really hot now, not wanting him to stop. Ready and willing, I let him know by my moaning that he could do more than that if he wanted. I raised my hips, slipped my pants down to my ankles, and kicked them off. Totally naked now, I looked up at him and said, "Get those jeans off NOW!"

He slid to the side as I reached out to unsnap and unzip his pants. I reached inside before they were even off and grabbed his hard cock.

"Oh, my god. It's a boa constrictor!" I rubbed the length of it with one hand and cupped the big head with the other hand. "You like that?" I asked.

"Oh, yes!" he replied. "I can't believe this is happening!" He sat up to lower his jeans and kick them off, getting as naked as I was. The heat in the car bumped up a notch. I couldn't believe the size of his cock as it stuck up from his lap. It was thick! The head was large and stuck out of my fist, even when I had both hands wrapped around his shaft, one on top of the other! I sat up and leaned over his lap to kiss the tip. My boobs were pressing on his bare leg.

"You have a beautiful cock, Paul," I said. "Could I suck it?"

"Yes! Oh, yes! Do it!" Paul looked down as I licked the tip. I opened up to slide my lips over the big head, drawing it inside my mouth. My tongue worked to circle the knob, probing the tiny slit at the tip. "Oh, god, Mary. That feels so good. Suck me!"

I opened as wide as I could, trying to fit it all inside my mouth. I held onto the shaft with one hand, cupping his big balls with the other. I pushed down until my lips met my fingers. Working both my hand and my mouth, I sucked and licked and I raised and lowered my mouth on his big dick. With this kind of control, I wouldn't gag if it got in too far. Besides, I don't think I could have gotten it all inside my mouth. It was just too thick!

Paul was playing with my boobs with one hand. His other hand was holding on to my ponytail, probably to make sure I didn't stop. As I knelt on the floor between his legs sucking his huge cock, he was pushing his hips up into my mouth. But I controlled the action by keeping my hand wrapped around the base, pumping the shaft as I licked and sucked on the big head. My lips encircled his shaft, as I popped the head in and out of my mouth. His breathing was getting heavier as I knew he was approaching a climax. I looked up at Paul and his eyes met mine. He was so dreamy-looking! I felt so in control, I knew I could do anything with him that I wanted.

"Lay back, stud," I said as I sat up, swung my leg over his lap and straddled him. I pushed him down on his back on the big back seat. I wanted to feel his cock inside me. I didn't know if it would fit, but I wanted to try. I grabbed a towel from under the seat and pushed it under his butt, hoping it would prevent a mess on the seat. He lay back with a smile on his face and I dangled my boobs in his face, swinging them over his cheeks and lips, as his tongue licked out. He succeeded in capturing a nipple with his lips and teeth, giving it a little squeeze, as he licked it. It was almost like he was giving my nipple the same treatment I was giving his cock just a minute ago. Two fingers of his hand were busy frigging my wet pussy, reaching all the right spots.

"Let's do it, OK? Will you put that big cock inside me and fuck me?" I asked as I pressed my boobs in his face. I was so hot and ready, pussy juices dripping down my leg. 

"Oh, god, Mary! I want to fuck you so bad!"

"Then hold still while I try to get that monster in," I replied. Slowly I lowered my hips while I held his dick with my hand, directing it toward my slick opening. Drops of pre-cum were forming on his cock. I rubbed the head of it around my pussy lips, lubricating the junction of our bodies with our combined juices. I felt the head press against my opening and pressed harder until I felt it enter me. He was instinctively trying to push upward to fully enter, but I needed a little time to accommodate his girth.

"Oh, that feels nice, Paul. Slowly now." I pushed down a little more, and then withdrew upward. Leaning forward, I kissed his lips, opening my mouth to his tongue, just as I was opening my pussy to his thick cock. With little strokes, I impaled myself a little at a time with each thrust downward. He groaned with obvious pleasure with each movement. As I expanded to take him in, my juices were flowing to help lubricate us. Down I went, and up again almost to the top. Finally thrusting down, I could feel him fully inside, filling me like I never thought I could be filled. Our pelvic hairs mingled as I began to slowly rock on his cock, causing it to move inside and give me the most delicious feeling.

"Oh, Mary. You are so tight. That feels so good, I don't want it to stop," said Paul as he cupped my breasts and tried to reach them with his mouth.

"I'm not stopping yet," I replied. "But you can't cum inside me, OK? Be nice and tell me when you can't hold back any longer."

"I will, but it probably won't be long. You've got me so worked up. I really like this feeling. Please move up and down again." Paul said.

"You like getting fucked this way, don't you?"

"I love it. You are so hot," he grinned as I obeyed, lifting my hips and dropping down again. Up and down, I held control. He was pressing against my clit so nice, and the friction was so hot. I pumped harder, fucking him from above. I could feel the beginning of a great orgasm coming on. I twisted my hips to rotate his cock inside, so deep! Hold on, Paul, just a little longer, I thought. Taking him deep inside, suddenly, I was cumming with an intensity that I had never felt before. It was strong, coming from deep within, a pulsing, pleasurable, mind numbing cum that caused my juices to almost squirt from my pussy.

"Oh, wow! I'm cumming, Paul."

"I can feel it, too," he said. "It's squeezing me." As the throbbing cum washed over me, he continued to push deeper, trying to thrust from his position under me. I raised up a bit, feeling the juices leak out over his cock and balls. He pushed as I continued to rock. Reaching behind me, I could feel his hairy ball sack. I tickled the sack and lightly played with his balls. This seemed to push him into overdrive, and he thrust harder.

"I'm going to cum! Oh, Mary, it coming!" I slid up and off his cock, curling between his splayed legs. Grasping his wet cock, I jacked it off.

"Please suck it! Please!" Paul begged. I lowered my head, taking the head back inside my mouth. I tasted the mixture of my juices and his as I encased my lips over his cock again. Just as I did, I felt a swelling of the big vein in his shaft. 

"It's coming! Here it comes!" Paul's eyes were squeezed shut. His cock seemed to swell even bigger in my mouth. I felt the first pulse of his spunk jet into the top of my mouth. His hand covered mine on his cock, and we jacked it together. My other hand held his balls, not realizing what a load of cum they contained. I swallowed the first rope of cum, then l raised my head just as the second and third jets of white jism sprayed my lips and cheeks. What a load of cum! It sprayed again as we slowly jacked it together. Great pulses of his cock muscle inside our hands pushed gobs of semen from the tip, spurting out onto my forehead and cheeks. So thick and heavy, it dripped off my face onto his belly. Finally, he slowed my hand, and the last few pulses pushed a slow dribble of cum from the tip of his cock. I bent to lick it off as it dripped from the tip to our hands, still together on the shaft. He squirmed with the sensitivity as my tongue swirled over his cock helmet, causing one last squirt to come dribbling out. I smeared his man-goo over his washboard, as his deflating cock flopped to the side. Still long, it hung semi-erect and dripped its last few drops onto his hip and the towel. I didn't want to let it go, so I kept my hand over it, lightly massaging it. Maybe if I got it hard again... No, we had to stop before we were caught.

As our breathing returned to normal, I looked at him. He was grinning from ear to ear. "What's so funny? I asked.

"You've got cum on your face."

"Why don't you lick it off me then, smart guy?" I said as I lowered my face to his.

"Oh, I don't know..." 

"All right then. At least you can help me clean it off with the towel." We sat up and tried to make ourselves presentable. The windows were definitely fogged over, so we had some privacy as we redressed.

"That was incredible, Mary," Paul said. "Is there any chance we can get together again?"

"I sure hope so," I replied. "In fact, I've got a party coming up. If you'll be around for another week, you should come."

"We should cum together," he said. "I'd like to do it where we have room to spread out," he winked.

"I'd like that too. Now we should see what's going on outside."

Exiting the car, we left a window down so it could air out. The scent of raw sex in the car was not what we wanted to go home with. The movie was still playing. We moved together to the pickup. I was thirsty and looked for my soda. Inside the truck bed, we were surprised to see Bret and Janey lying between the chairs. They were groping each other and lip-locked. I could practically see the heat waves coming off of them. Bret had his hands down the front of Janey's pants, his fingers obviously busy diddling her. Her head was thrown back and she was moaning. Neither one of them saw us approach. Janey reached down and opened up her jeans, allowing Bret easier access. Their kissing became more fervent as he groped her. She bucked her hips as he rubbed and probed her pussy.

"That's it. Keep doing that. Oh, that feels nice. Don't stop. Oh, oh, oh, yeah." Janey was humping his hand, pumping her hips up and down. "Come on, Bret. I'm so hot. Make me cum. Make me cum. Oh, oh, oh, yes." He was kissing her neck, still oblivious to our voyeurism just feet away. Watching her getting frigged was making me hot again. Paul was at my side, holding me close. We looked at each other, then at the action in front of us. Paul's hand was creeping up my shirt again, getting a handful of my tit. I leaned into his embrace. Janey's eyes opened up and she saw us over Bret's shoulder, watching her. I could tell she was about to cum. She flashed me a smile. "Yes, yes. Oh, Bret, oh, oh, yeeeessss!" Janey was cumming hard as Bret continued to frig her. He was kissing her neck as she moaned into his hair. She relaxed even as he continued to feel her wetness.
