 Maggie's predictions proved true; David wrote five best sellers in the next three years. They had sex at every possible opportunity but decided not to actually move in together. Once in a while they would spend the night at one house or the other and weekends in his cabin happened at least once a month. Maggie was happy with this arrangement but she knew that David wanted more. David wanted to start a family. This was one thing she wasn't prepared to do. When he first brought up the subject, she said she would love to have his babies but knew that she would never give up the pill, and if she still became pregnant she would get rid of it quietly. 

David wasn't happy. His career was flying high but he felt like he was a failure. He wanted to have a family and it seemed that the wheels turned but he didn't advance an inch. He discussed this with Maggie all the time and she always very understood. She would come to him during day or night to say that she was ovulating and we would try to get her pregnant. He even went to a clinic to see if he had lazy sperm. The doctor put him through a battery of tests and declared him normal. Maggie ovulated monthly, so the problem couldn't be there. He was sure they were doing something wrong, so after years of sharing a relationship he decided it was time to ask Maggie to marry him.

When David proposed to Maggie, she was taken completely by surprise. Her surprise was interpreted by David as female emotion. She needed time to formulate the right answer. She was upset that he wanted to change their present relationship. Her life was exactly how she wanted it. At work it was just a question of time before she would be managing editor at Barnes, Thisson and Noble. Her real dream was to add Daily to the firm's name. "Barnes, Thisson, Noble and Daily," she said as she drove away from the cabin. "That just rolls off the tongue like it's the way it should have always been." She didn't normally talk to herself and chalked it up to the frustrating situation David had put her in. She couldn't understand how he could be so selfish. Children... Children are something anyone can get, she thought. He doesn't have to change his job or way of life to make a family. I have to make all of the sacrifices for his dream. He doesn't have to go through nine months of misery with morning sickness, backaches, a twenty-pound ball for a stomach, stretch marks and being split apart by a screaming little stranger. He puts it all on me; it isn't fair. The more she thought about it, the angrier she became. "I'm not going to do it!" There, I've said it. He can knock up some other bimbo to suffer for his dreams. 

Once she made her decision she thought she would be happy; but she wasn't. Her thoughts took another road: If I say no he will be upset. If he is upset he may take it out on me. I made him a bestselling author and put him in the position he is now in. If he finds someone else I would lose my control over him and he could eventually go to another publishing house. After voicing all the mental arguments she could muster she came to an unthinkable conclusion; I need him much more than he needs me.

"I would be honored to be your wife," she said the next time they met. "I was taken by surprise when you asked it out of the blue. My emotions overwhelmed me and I needed the extra time to get my thoughts straight. They're now straight and my answer is yes; I love you." She had her thoughts together and her thoughts were that she would never be a mother and she would be able to let David go as soon as she made partner.

"I love you too, and we will make beautiful children together. I want to have a houseful of children." David's mind raced as he mentally visualized the perfect life they would have as husband and wife. 

They were married but little did he know that they had two very different agendas. He continued to write; he still wasn't happy and Maggie didn't become pregnant. Once Maggie made partner their relationship seemed to practically melt away. They never had any real disagreements, but once she was partner he felt like she treated him like a very special client than a husband. If he wanted sex, she would dutifully give him what he wanted but she never initiated it. Everything came to a rather abrupt end one fine spring day.

They had just cleaned the sweat, saliva, cum and various juices from their bodies and were drying each other off when David said, "I made us an appointment at a special clinic in Switzerland."

"What on earth do we need with a special clinic?"

"We've been trying to start a family for years. They can tell us why it hasn't worked and if something is wrong they can implant a few fertilized eggs and hocus presto; you're pregnant."

"It sounds great but you make it sound so simple. When is this appointment anyway?"

"It is for May 12th; I thought we could spend a couple of weeks and tour Europe."

"We've seen Europe and I can't possibly go in May. My agenda is full through the summer."

"Can you give me a date so I can reschedule the appointment?" 

"I'll let you know as soon as I can."

She never did give him a date but fate decided to play a crucial role in David's dilemma. Maggie was on a business trip in Los Angeles for a week. As usual David was working at home. He was putting the finishing touches on his seventeenth novel and he was sure that it was the best he had ever written. He wanted to celebrate his success with Maggie so he called her at her hotel. Now that she was full partner she stayed only at the best hotels and this trip it was the Peninsular Beverly Hills. He asked for Suite 243 and waited as the phone rang.

Maggie was in Los Angeles. She was glad to be here. Not strictly because of the possible success she could bring to her company but it was time away from David. When she first met David Lawton she had a feeling she couldn't shake. She had a feeling that he was the one to take her where she wanted to go. Her intuition proved right; she was now on top and she now saw him as an anchor that was not only holding her back but also starting to sink her. She was once willing to do practically anything to keep her hold over him and she used to like their sexual relationship. They once did everything, and she found that both exciting and stimulating, but over the last six to eight years his priorities had changed. He no longer took her to bed to satisfy their sexual appreciation but solely for the purpose of reproduction. She sacrificed much for him, but she drew the line at children. 

Maggie met Jason five years earlier on another business trip to the west coast. He came at just the right time and was exactly what she needed. He was willing to explore and experiment with sex and that was exactly what was missing in her life with David. He picked her up at the airport and had her panties wet before they got to the hotel. After she checked in they went up to her suite in one of the elevators. Fortunately they went up alone, as he had her panties off and in his pocket before the doors opened. He swiped the key card in the door and she passed him as they entered. As he was closing the door behind them she charged and, crushing him against the door, grabbed for his crotch. She bit his earlobe, darted her tongue deep in his ear and in a hushed voice demanded that he strip her.

Jason was only happy to comply. He pushed off from the door and turned to face her. Grabbing her jacket by the lapels, he jerked it open, popping the buttons and sending them flying around the room. He repeated it with her blouse, leaving her exposed to him, except for her lace bra, in a heartbeat. The rest of her clothes were stripped off in the same short order and were soon rags strewn around the room. When she was completely naked he held her at arm's length and appraised his prize. Before him wasn't the body of a thirty-nine year old woman but that of a vestal virgin. Her legs, incredibly long and shapely seemed to extend forever from her feet to the ethereal wisp of hair crowning her mound. As his eyes traveled upward, her stomach was still flat and muscular and in perfect contrast with her firm yet very soft and pointy breasts. Her neck and face showed no tell tale signs of age that afflicted most women her age. To Jason this woman before him looked timeless, and that suited him just fine.

Maggie stepped back and slowly turned. She was proud of her body and wanted to show it off to him. She proudly walked around the room; displaying herself in different lights at different angles. When he had shed his clothes she stood at the foot of the bed with her back to him; spreading her legs and placing her hands on the bed, she bent over and looked back at him with invitation in her eyes. 

He went down on his knees behind her spread legs and, with both thumbs, spread her ass cheeks and exposing the tight bud of her anus. This was lightly covered with the same red hair that adorned her mound so he delicately spread the hair to each side to reveal her anal pearl; unobstructed. He flicked out his tongue and took his initial taste of her. She tasted of woman. Her taste was nothing like the smell that she emitted which was of fresh flowers with the essence of woman. Her taste was salty and it prickled his tongue like a moderately hot chili. The prickle stimulated his glands and he soon had the red hairs plastered flat around the deep valley of her ass.

She knew that he was going to invade her anal passage and was neither surprised nor outraged. In fact, she had anticipated this and bought a bottle of mineral oil at the airport before her departure. She broke off his attentions and quickly retrieved it from her luggage. She handed it to him as the exchanged knowing and excited glances. He opened the bottle and squeezed a healthy amount on his hand. With hand cupped he brought the lubricant to her white mounds and massaged it into her ass crack. He tentatively worked the first digit of his pointing finger into the tight hole. To say that it was tight was an understatement, as he had to fight to maintain his digital invasion; her anal sphincter muscle did its best to expel the invader. Jason was nothing if he wasn't tenacious in his desire to take Maggie up the ass.

With the help of the mineral oil Jason finally forced two fingers into her anus and slowly created enough room to penetrate her with his now rock hard penis. He covered it first with fresh oil and put it against the weakened sphincter and, grabbing her by the hips, he pushed his penis head in and it was soon buried half-way in her anus. He felt like he was literally threading a needle but continued to pump his meat to the hilt. The more he pumped the easier it was and Maggie met each of his thrusts halfway with the smacking sound of their colliding bodies.

Maggie's ass wasn't virgin territory. Years before David used it on numerous occasions but that was before they were married. He had showed her how exciting and stimulating a good ass fucking could be. Then his obsession about children changed everything. "A child has never been conceived through anal sex," he told her when she suggested it. "We need to concentrate our efforts on getting you pregnant and starting a family." Who ever said that sex was only for the proliferation of the species? What's wrong with having sex for the pure love of the act? These were questions that came to mind but she never asked them. She knew what his response would be and she wasn't yet at the end of her ride in his jet stream. Jason had no qualms and said so when she suggested it to him. If anything he was surprised that she would actually like it.

His surprise was now gone and he was pumping his penis deep in her ass. He spread her cheeks and watched himself moving in and out of her all swallowing hole. He noticed that she gave as much as he did and moved to meet him with every thrust. He reached under her and found her sopping cunt. Droplets of her juices clung to the wisps of hair surrounding her pussy. His hand was drenched as he reached in and stuck three fingers into her.

Maggie felt him invade her anus and fill her as she had never been filled before. The initial stab of pain dissipated to be replaced by a feeling of pure excitement. As he pounded her orifice and the pleasure increased she could feel her juices flow down the inside of her thighs. Slowly a troubling feeling that something was missing started growing in pace with her exhilaration. Then he filled her cunt with his fingers and the thrill and anticipation of a bone racking orgasm as a tingling wave radiated from her groin throughout her body. Her legs felt like they were incapable of further support but his fingers, buried deep inside her, kept her standing and supported her. She felt his stiff rod expand and knew that soon he would shoot his seed deep in her bowels and the idea brought a shiver down her spine and a renewed flow of juice down her legs.

He came with a gut wrenching groan and his seed spurted repeatedly as he pushed harder against her upturned ass.

The week that followed brought Maggie face to face with a few basic truths. The first one was she loved sex and wanted to do it much more than she had. The second one was she would never be a mother; if she conceived she would abort it without guilt. Her third and most decisive truth was that it was time to move on and let go of the shirttails that had got her where she was now.