 Viv had been shopping, she loved to browse, to try on new clothes and of course to buy new things. She had glided through the stores in her new green dress. It was elegantly fitted, it stretched to just above the knee, giving a glimpse of her legs, it highlighted her slim figure, her long legs and her beautifully crafted back. She liked the admiring glances she was getting as she walked - she suited green, she felt attractive, her hair was down and her lips were glossy and red. Under the dress she felt sexy in her black lace g-string from La Perla, a guilty pleasure today.

She had loved trying on new clothes in lush fitting rooms, the undressing and dressing had turned her on, she liked to stand in new clothes admiring herself in long mirrors, she loved how her g string looked, shaping her buttocks beautifully. 

She finished her lunch at the highest restaurant in downtown Shanghai, it was on the 54th floor and over looked the City, providing wonderful views over her home city. She had enjoyed her lunch, a glass of red and some wonderful dumplings. She felt happy as she admired the view and scanned the restaurant.

She noticed men and some women stare at her and she liked it, there were a couple of men she saw that were attractive and had tried to get her attention - she ignored them flirtatiously, she liked to fantasize as she sipped her wine, imagining lustful situations with strangers.

She paid her bill and headed for the lift, thinking of more shopping, an evening with friends and then she hoped a quiet late evening with her erotic fiction to touch herself to - the thought excited her, it was one of her pleasures - to lie in bed, reading porn and masterbating for pleasure. She had lovers but sometimes just loved her own touch.

Viv got into the elevator, with a group of others, she noticed they were mainly business men, some she knew had eaten and admired her. She had her purse on her shoulder and shopping bags in her right hand.

As the elevator descended, it stopped every few floors and more people entered. 

On the forty-fourth floor a group of people crushed in and the elevator became full. Viv wasn't quite squished, but the rearranging movements made her step into the corner. She bumped into the man behind briefly and pulled forward as quickly as she could. There were just inches between Viv and the man behind.

When the elevator doors closed and it started to move Viv swayed backwards a little. She felt a hand from behind touch her right hip gently to steady her. She almost gasped at the touch, she had not expected it, it only moved away slowly, leaving a sensual feeling run through her body.

The lift stopped again two floors down and a woman got on. Everyone in front of Viv moved just a bit, squashing Viv further back into the man behind her. Viv was now up against this man and his hand reached out again to steady her. The elevator doors closed and they continued the descent. Viv felt awkward as she was pressed into this stranger behind and tried to pull forward.

Seconds passed, she was so close to him, her silk dress touching his suit. She could hardly breath as she felt him. Her buttock was pressing into his groin, awkward but a guilty pleasure and she could feel that he was getting hard against her . Viv could not move, she just pretended not to notice. But she breathed deeply, she was embarrassed and yet she was also turned on. He was so close pressing against her, hard from her proximity, 

She could not help be excited that she had turned the man on. Viv was becoming wet at the touch of him on her and the thought of it.

As the lift slowly descended she felt confused and delighted, she leaned back slightly to feel more of his hardness pressing into her bottom, he would not know it was deliberate, she was wet now.

Then she stopped, Viv felt this stranger's left hand touch her left leg ever so lightly, ever so gently, was she imagining it, she tingled at the touch, she felt the feeling move up the bottom of her dress. Viv froze. It was so subtle. Of course she couldn't pretend she didn't notice this. Still Viv just stood there, not knowing how to react - angry but turned on and intrigued. 

She felt his finger begin to walk the fabric up inch by inch until his hand was touching her bare thigh. Viv nervously looked to the right, but no one noticed anything. She was insulated in the corner, shopping bags and purse were pushed up against them on the right and the corner walls blocked his hands from the side and back. 

Viv was totally aroused at the idea of something so secretive happening in such a crowd of people.

She felt his hand slide up and across her thigh until it came to rest across the middle of her bottom. She knew she should stop him. She should scream but something stopped her, she knew she liked it, she knew she was turned on and excited.

Viv was wearing a black lace G-string so his hand was practically flat on her bare skin. The lift was still 20 floors from the lobby and she felt him tug sharply up on the back of her panties. 

Viv gasped in surprise , his right hand pressed firmly into her hip to hold Viv in place. No one was looking. He pulled harder on the back of her thong and Viv could feel it pull into her vagina lips. She was completely enthralled and her left hand reached back and pressed against the side of his thigh. This complete stranger whose face Viv couldn't even picture was fondling her ass and making her wet. She could feel his hand slide between her buttocks, below the g-string, a finger slowly moving forward, touching her lips gently, she gasped quietly as she could feel him touch her now wet lips. His finger moved deeper, her heart was pounding.

The lift was now near the floor, Viv didn't know what she would do when the door opened. She could feel his erection prominently pressed against her, her dress was exposing most of her beautiful bottom and his hand was hooked in her panties. The elevator came to a halt, the doors opened and people began to file out as a crowd waited to enter. Viv was panicking. He firmly slid his right arm up from her hip and around the side of her waist, let go of her panties, and let Viv's dress fall in one quick motion. Viv was so relieved but so wet and full of desire.

As Viv stepped forward he stepped right behind her as though they were a couple exiting together. Viv still hadn't even seen his face and yet she allowed him to walk her out the doors and to the left. He casually directed Viv across the lobby and to the restrooms. There was the men's room to the left and the ladies room to the right and in between was the family restroom. With no pause, he steered Viv straight to the middle door. Viv reached for the handle and it was unlocked. Thank God, she thought as she turned the handle and opened the door.

It was a large private restroom with no stalls, just a toilet and large counter with a sink. He closed the door behind and Viv heard the lock turn. Viv still hadn't turned around but could just glimpse their profile in the mirror. He turned her to face him and pulled her bags out of her hand letting them drop to the floor. Viv finally looked up at this stranger's face, he was attractive, older with greying hair, brown hair and cool blue eyes.

He leant in and kissed her passionately, his tongue entering her warm mouth, urgently seeking her tongue, Viv groaned, leaning into him, letting his hand lift her dress, letting his fingers enter her. She could feel his hardness against her, she wanted it in her. 

He stopped and pushed her back a few steps until she was against the wall. Viv was in disbelief that She hadn't stopped any of this and in fact that she wanted him so badly. She could see his erection push against his trousers, she could see its size, its hardness for her. She watched as he undid his trousers, she was so wet she stood moving her legs apart, wanting it. She watched as he took his trousers down to reveal the large hard cock. She liked his show, the anticipation and the reality that she was going to fuck.

He leaned into to her, pulling the beautiful green dress up, revealing her wonderful desperate body, he licked her nipples whilst his hands pushed her pants down. He lifted a leg, and returned to kiss her passionately as she reached for his large cock guiding it into her wet vagina. 

Slowly he entered, very slowly, she gasped in desire for him. Scratching his back as he entered her, gasping at the depth of the thrust. He thrust again and again, slow and hard, shallow and deep, she could not stop her excitement, she groaned with each thrust, their tongues deep and searching their mouths.

Heat was searing towards her vagina. Each thrust driving her to orgasm, Viv quivered as a wave of spasms tightened around his cock. She came with the hardest orgasm she had ever had. It just kept flowing for what seemed like minutes. He kept his cock inside her, thrusting whilst she orgasmed until He came, coming inside her.

"Amazing", he said, the only word spoken. He pulled his trousers up, straightened his shirt and jacket and kissed Viv once more before leaving. Viv followed behind him to lock the door and just collapsed there for a minute. She was trembling with excitement and post orgasm. She had come so hard her mind was so turned on. She could not believe what had happened. She pulled her green dress down. Admired herself and left.

End