 The elevator doors hadn't even closed and he was pulling her towards him, one hand on her arse, the other twisting in her hair as he pulled her in for a long, deep kiss. She didn't want to move away but did so as the chime signalled they'd arrived at their floor. 

He kept his hand on her arse as they wandered along the corridor, kept it there as he produced the antique looking brass door key from his pocket. It only left for a second as he opened the door before bringing it back down - hard. She yelped. 

"Get in!"

The door had only just clicked into place when his hands were tugging at her jeans. 

"Shit" he said struggling "this is why we're getting you in dresses and skirts! Get them off."

She giggled and did as she was told. He was undressed in a flash and was back unhooking her bra before she'd even got her shirt off. 

"Slow down" she said "we're not booked for dinner for another two hours yet."

"I know, but I'd quite like to have you at least another couple of times before we go down." 

He picked her up and carried her to the bed, placing her down gently, kissing across her shoulders and down her breastbone. His warm tongue flicked over her breasts before he took each of her nipples between his fingers and squeezed. Softly at first, increasing the pressure until she gasped and squirmed beneath him. 

He stood and looked down at her smiling. She reached down for her black lacy thong, something else he'd requested she wear, but he was too quick, grabbed her by the wrists and held them above her head. He was too strong. 

"Oh no you don't. That stays on, for now." he winked. "Stay here and don't move, I'll know if you do - I need to get something."

She wondered what he'd gone for. She heard him rustling in the bags they'd scattered as they came through the door. The penny dropped, she knew exactly what he'd gone for and smiled, then shivered in anticipation waiting for him to come back. When he did so, he didn't have what she thought.

"What about the..." She trailed off as he ssshhhed her before she could finish. "Later. That's for later" he said, instead producing the beautiful green tie from her new dress and tying her wrists together.

He leaned in for a long, slow kiss, filled with passion at first, and then greed as his tongue probed deeper and further, his hands in her hair, pulling her to him. Down on to him, his cock slowly entering her, she moaned in pleasure, wanting to feel him - all of him.

He lifted her bound wrists and placed them behind his head.

"For balance, trust me, you'll need it because now you get to do all the work." he smiled cheekily, "I think I did more than enough this morning, don't you? Go ahead."He tapped her arse in encouragement as she slowly began to raise and lower herself on his engorged cock.

He pulled her legs, wrapping them tightly around him, intensifying the sensation.

"Use it, it's for you. I want to watch your face as you cum. Rock. Rock back and forth and feel how good it is."

She didn't have to be told twice. This was new for her, but it didn't take long to enjoy it. She rocked back and forth on his cock, gasping and moaning as the pleasure mounted. 

She began to climax quickly. He put his fingers under her chin, "look at me, let me watch you cum for me."

Whether it was those words, his voice, or staring into those deep brown eyes of his, she wasn't sure. But it didn't matter. She writhed in his lap, biting her lip and moaning as the pleasure coursed through her body, his stiff cock prodding at her clit. Each time she thought she couldn't cum any more she did. He didn't look away and he didn't let go of her, his strong arms encircling her. He leant close to whisper in her ear

"I've got you baby, keep cumming for me, I won't let you go until I'm satisfied you can't give me more."

Each time she thought she couldn't cum again, he'd rock her back and forth on his cock and she'd cum once more. She didn't know how long they'd stayed like that, but to her deep shame, she realised he hadn't cum.

He seemed to know exactly what she was thinking before she said a word.

"Ssssshhhhh" he said, untying her wrists, rubbing them in his warm hands before planting kisses from her left wrist to shoulder and back down the right. "That was all about you, don't worry about me". You'll give me what I want later"

They wriggled apart, he was still hard, very hard. She caught his eye and he laughed, "that's totally your fault."

"How about I give you what you want now?" She asked taking his cock in her mouth. His groans of pleasure were audible as she lavished his cock with her tongue.

It was the first time she'd taken his cock in her mouth. He murmured guidance to her and encouraged her. She inched her mouth down his shaft, opening up her throat to take more of him, circling her tongue over and around him, tracing patterns on his balls with her fingers. Occasionally he moaned, letting her know she was doing well, as did his hands, roaming over her body.

She withdrew his cock from her mouth and wrapped her hand around it. She moved her hand up and down his shaft, watching his face as she did so. 

It came as little more than a whisper but she heard him, "faster, go faster" she did as she was told and lowered her head to kiss his inner thighs, her lips moving closer and closer towards his balls, where again she laid soft kisses, caressing him with her lips. A deep growl came from his throat as she ran her tongue up the underside of his cock before again, taking him in her hand, tugging fast and hard, her tongue caressing the tip of his penis, over and over and...

"God you're good" he panted, reaching for his cock but she batted his hand away.

"You forget, I'm giving you what you want now, and I'm pretty sure this is what you want" she said

"But what about..." She didn't let him finish, "good girls swallow" she said with a glint in her eye before flicking her tongue back over his cock. His guttural moaning told her all she needed to know. Four, five, six times she flicked her tongue over him before his cum exploded into her mouth. There was so much! She pulled back as it continued to spurt from his cock, landing on her shoulders.

He reached up, "you don't have to" he said, wiping away a little of his cum escaping from the corner of her mouth.

"I already have" she said, taking his finger in her hand and slowly licking his cum from it, staring into his deep brown eyes as she did so.

They'd gone for a walk after dinner and it was getting late when they got back to their room. She sat in one of the big armchairs looking out across the skyline, the lights twinkling all over the city.

"Drink?" He asked, dropping his suit jacket over the back of the other chair and making his way to the drinks cabinet. "Please - surprise me."

"I thought I'd already done that today - once at your place, several times at mine and..."

"Cheeky" she exclaimed, "I mean surprise me with a drink - you choose."

She closed her eyes for what she thought was a second but when they reopened, her glass of fizz was in the table with his half drunk next to it. She looked at him in the chair next to her and smiled.

" Shall I run you a bath?" he asked, getting up and standing behind her chair, reaching down to rub her shoulders. She nestled her head into his arm, "that would be nice, but just 5 more minutes like this." 

They were quiet for a few minutes both staring out the huge windows into the night sky, his hands massaging her shoulders gently as she sipped from her glass. He let his fingers trace the visible scars appearing above the neckline of her dress. She watched his face in the window as he did so, his expression unreadable. 

"It's fine" she said, wriggling to try and hide them again. Although very beautiful, she still wasn't convinced this dress, showing too much of her back would be worn again. But he'd picked and paid for it and asked her to wear it for him, she couldn't say no.

"Sorry. Sorry my darling, I just..." He couldn't say what it had taken her years to try to understand.

"It's okay. It's fine." She said, looking up at him, now go run me that bath!"

He kissed the top of her head and saluted "yes ma'am!"

She closed her eyes again, listening to the relaxing sound of the running water coming from the bathroom. When she opened them again it was darker, the lights had all been turned low and it took a moment for her eyes to adjust, when they did, she saw him standing in front of her, naked, with his hand outstretched. 

" I thought we could share your bath."

"Did you now?" She asked, placing her hand in his, trying not to stare at his cock as she got out of the chair.

" I did" he said innocently, guiding her to the bathroom door, "but we'll need to get this off."

He pulled gently at the taffeta bow of her dress, slowly unzipping it, his fingers almost dancing on her skin as he did so.

This is ridiculous she thought, I'm going for a relaxing bath, but as he pulled the dress away from her body she did wonder if a bath was indeed all he had planned.

"Yeah, I was right" he said, staring as she stood before him in her newly purchased underwear and heels.

"What?"

"Green. You do suit that shade of green."

She laughed, walking into the bathroom, reaching behind to undo her bra clasp. He chased away her hands with his own, "I'll get that." As soon as he had finished saying it his mouth seemed to be on her tits. Nibbling, sucking, biting. 

He sat on the edge of the bath, pulling her onto his knee, his hungry mouth finding hers as their tongues explored one another, her hands reaching for his stiffening cock, she gasped between kisses, desperate to get her hands on him. He stood, arms still round her, pushed her up against the wall, held her clasped hands above her head in one of his own and trailed the fingertips of his other hand down her neck.

" I'm taking charge now" he whispered in her ear, his fingertips inching around her neck, "and if you don't do as I say, you'll know about it." His hand tightened round her neck, and he watched for her reaction. None. He gripped a little tighter - still nothing.

"You like that don't you?"

She chose her answer carefully, "I do. I like to know who is in charge, you've shown me clearly that's you and I'll do as you ask."

"Good" he said, his lips inches from her ear, "because if not, you remember what we bought today? Well I'll punish you with each and every one."

She moaned at the thought.

"Get those off" he said, running his hands over her satin knickers, "but the stockings and heels stay on. They definitely stay on" he spanked her arse, "get on with it, I'll be back in a minute and I expect you to be ready for me."

He was quick, returning with the bottle and glasses of fizz, but she'd been quicker and was ready for him. 

"Nice, so nice" he said, handing her glass then running his hand up the length of her right leg, fingering the lacy top of her stocking, watching her face as his fingers strayed tantalisingly close to her quickly moistening pussy. She wanted him and he knew it. His hand inched further, his fingers teasing her, running over her. She grabbed the towel rail, moved her feet wider apart, moaning in anticipation.

He looked up at her, wiggling his long fingers "my naughty little girl wants these, doesn't she?" 

She nodded, her voice rasping with desire, "yes."

He picked her up effortlessly, placing her on the cold marble between the double sinks.

"Does she want them here?" He circled her already hard nipples, "no, I don't think so. Perhaps here?" He'd discovered early how sensitive the skin on her hips was and trailed his finger over them. "No?" 

She shook her head, not trusting herself to say anything. 

He pushed her legs apart, "Surely she can't mean here?" His finger traced a circle round her clit, again, and again. Her head went back "oh yes, right there, that's good."

"No it appears not" he said, withdrawing his hand, placing it next to hers on the marble top.

"I was enjoying that!"

"Sssh. I'm in charge." he said waving his finger at her "You'll only get what you want if you're good."

She leant forward, opened her mouth and took his finger in it, wrapping her tongue up and around a couple of times, tasting herself on him. "ohhh fuck."

Slowly she released his finger. "I'm always good."

"Drink" he said, pointing to her glass, "you may well be, but right now, we're going to be very bad." He took the glass from her hand and laid it next to his. "Kick your shoes off and wrap your arms round my neck." Sh

e did as she was told, lifting herself slightly to get at her shoes. As she did so, his hands grabbed at her arse, pulling her up towards him. "Legs round my waist and don't let go okay?"

She nodded. He backed up towards the wall, never taking his eyes off her. "Put your feet on the wall."

"You'll never hold me up!"

"You really needn't worry, we're not going to be long. Now,do you want this?" he rubbed his cock against her.

"Yes!" she cried.

And he buried his cock deep within her, giving her all of it. 

He pounded her pussy. It felt so good, she yelped and screamed and pushed her feet hard into the wall, convinced it was intensifying the pleasure building within her.

"Fuck me, oh more. Please, more."

"You're really not a good girl are you?" he asked spanking her. "You like it hard and you like it rough don't you?" his hands in her hair now, tugging at it, sending the sparkly hair grips skidding across the tiled floor.

"Yes, yes I do"

"What are you?"

"I'm a bad girl."

"Oh you're so much more than that. What are you. Tell me now before I cum in you."

"I'm a fucking dirty little slut."

"Louder" he demanded, bringing his hand down so hard on her arse she had no choice "whose fucking

dirty slut are you?"

"Yours. I'm your fucking dirty little..."

But she couldn't finish before the orgasm ripped through her, she screamed out, losing herself in it, feeling his cum shoot into her as she quietened and his moaning took over.

He placed her back onto the cold marble and they stood entwined, both panting hard for a few minutes before he released himself from her and refilled their glasses. "Drink" she did as she was told, trying to avoid his gaze, he lifted her chin, forcing her to look at him, the sparks still flying through her body.

"What?" he asked her gently, "tell me what's wrong."

"Sorry" she whispered, still trying hard not to look at him, "I didn't think I'd get like that, so..." she searched hard for the word "uninhibited? So unladylike."

"Can I tell you something?" he asked, "your behaviour is fine, it's so much more than fine. In fact, I'd actively encourage you to behave that way in the bedroom, it's a real turn on."

"Oh," she said, delighted their first time like that had turned him on too. "Then I'd like to point something out."

"yes?"

"we're not in the bedroom." and she stuck her tongue out at him playfully.

"Oh we soon will be." he picked her up, splashing champagne as he went and carried her through to the bedroom, placing her on the bed. "Now, much as I'd love to feast on you all night, we do have to get you to the airport in...he looked at the clock...about six hours."

"Awww, that's no fun" she said "and I didn't even get my bath!"

"If you're very lucky, he said, planting kisses all over her chest, I'll help you in the shower tomorrow before we leave, what with you being very, very dirty, you could do with the help."

She laughed, "Behave. You know we won't have time for that."

"My dear girl", mock seriousness taking over, "I always make time for what I want, and I definitely want you at least once more before you leave me tomorrow." 

"At least once?" 

"Yes, but I should warn you, I don't sleep well, I tend to need a snack in the night to keep me going." He winked at her, "goodnight - I'll have you in the morning." She turned off the light and snuggled into him, "not unless I have you first."