 It was a bittersweet day when I saw Emily for the first time in too many years. We'd grown up going to the same church and had been friendly acquaintances in school, though we hadn't really hung out together. We were in the parish hall of the church after my dad's funeral service so it had been sad having my dad pass away but my spirit had been raised in seeing so many friends and family, many of whom I hadn't seen in way too long. Emily, of course, was one of them and I really hadn't considered that I might see her there. When I did, however, I was surprised by my immediate reaction. While I liked her just fine back when we were younger, there was never anything more than that. What I saw in the parish hall of the church, though, was a total MILF.

She may have felt me staring because she turned and, when we made eye contact, she smiled and waved then excused herself and came over in my direction. Given the circumstances, it was not unusual that we hugged, but I think I held her a little longer and she didn't resist. When we parted, she expressed her condolences and we talked briefly about my dad and what we'd each been up to. She had several kids and I suggested that motherhood really agreed with her.

"What makes you say that?" she asked.

"Well, you look," I hesitated then continued, "I'm not sure the word I'm thinking it appropriate for church."

"You can't just leave me hanging with that," she replied, "You're going to have to tell me now."

"I think you look yummy," I finally said after a brief internal debate. At that moment, I wasn't trying to seduce her; I was just being honest and hoping that she would take it as a compliment.

"So, what, I look good enough to eat?" she asked, playfully.

"I would definitely enjoy eating you," I replied, taking it from playful to naughty.

"You staying at your parents' house?" she asked, taking the conversation in a slightly different direction.

"No, actually," I replied, "I've got a room at the Hilton Garden Inn."

"Perfect," she said, "Give me your cell number. I'm coming to visit you later."

We exchanged contact info then went our separate ways, though I continued to eyeball her from afar and caught her a few times doing the same. I couldn't believe that she even wanted to come see me at the hotel and I was sure there wasn't any ambiguity about what would happen when she arrived. She said good-bye and gave me a hug before she left, whispering "See you later" in my ear. I stuck around until it was just my family remaining, helped get things cleaned up then said I needed to lay down for a while back at the hotel and I'd see them later that night. I texted Emily to let her know I was heading back to the hotel and she responded saying that she'd see me there. I changed out of my nice clothes and slipped into just jeans and a t-shirt, brushed my teeth and waited. I'd sent her my room number and propped the door open with the lock so, when she arrived, she was able to just walk in and lock the door behind her.

She was wearing the same dress, which was conservative but not really a funerals-only dress. I found out pretty quickly that everything she was wearing wasn't the same as earlier that day. First, though, we slipped into each other's arms and our lips met. We progressed from kissing to making out and I dropped my hands down to caress her ass while pulling her against my growing cock. She must have been pretty aroused, too, because she ended up pulling away from me.

"Let me show you something," she said and had me sit on the end of the bed as she started to unbutton her dress. The buttons ran down the entire front and she started at the top, quickly revealing her ample cleavage. I didn't remember her having such big boobs back in high school but she did have more curves in general now than she had back then. Her sweet boobs were supported by a very sexy bra that they seemed to be on the verge of spilling out of and I presumed actually would be very soon. My cock just continued to stiffen as more of her body was revealed and, ultimately, a pair of panties that matched her bra. She leaned forward to reach the last of the buttons, her tits swaying enticingly. When she straightened up, she held the dress open to reveal her body and her sexy lingerie.

"You like?" she asked.

"Oh my god, yes!" I replied, emphatically.

"You may have guessed," she said, "but I wasn't wearing this earlier today."

"And you won't be wearing it much longer if I have my way," I replied.

"You will," she assured me, "but allow me to have my way for a bit first."

She slipped out of the dress but left her bra and panties on as she knelt before me. She went to work unfastening my jeans and, as she started to slide them down, my rigid cock sprung out. She licked it briefly then resumed removing my jeans while I slipped out of my t-shirt, leaving me naked. I leaned back on my elbows and watched as she gently pumped my cock before wrapping her lips around it and engulfing it in her mouth. I moaned as she slid her lips down my rigid shaft then back up again while holding the base. She proved pretty quickly to be a skilled cocksucker so, between that and seeing her in her lingerie and the situation in general, I didn't expect that it would take long before I was spewing into her mouth. I planned to enjoy it while I could then make sure that she experienced as much pleasure as I currently was.

She seemed confident in her cocksucking, with very good reason, and, though she'd occasionally glance up and make eye contact, it wasn't to see how she was doing; it was probably to confirm that my skull hadn't melted from the high level of pleasure. As good as she was, I expected that I'd cum pretty quickly but she managed to draw out the pleasure for longer than I would have expected to be able to last. It was outstanding, not just feeling what she could do with her mouth but also watching as this girl I used to go to church with repeatedly and skillfully inhaled my cock. As my orgasm drew closer and my cock swelled even more, rather than continuing to try to draw it out so that I'd enjoy the pleasure for even longer, she focused on providing the highest level of pleasure as I approached and experienced my orgasm. When I finally started spewing into her mouth, it was intensely pleasurable and highly satisfying. She swallowed my load and continued to suck me off until I was fully spent, then let my cock fall from her mouth.

I sat up and had her stand before me, kissing her stomach and hips as I ran my hands up the backs of her thighs to her ass. While squeezing her ass through her panties, I kissed my way up from her stomach, over her ribs, flicking her hard nipples through her bra with my tongue then along her collarbone and to her neck. I then picked her up and, with her legs wrapped around me, turned and carried her to the middle of the bed. After laying her down, I started kissing my way back down again, taking the shoulder straps of her bra down along with my kisses so that I could expose her nipples when I reached them. I pulled the cups of her bra down so that I could lick and suck her hard nipples then reached behind her to unfasten her bra. I slipped it off and tossed it aside while gazing at her large areolas and hard nipples, licking and sucking them again briefly before resuming my trek down her body.

I kissed over her ribs and stomach then kissed each hip before starting to slide her panties down. She raised her ass to help me accomplish this and her trim, light brown bush was soon revealed. My gaze remained upon it as I slid her panties the rest of the way down her legs and off then, as she parted her legs, I kissed my way along her smooth inner thighs toward her pussy. I glanced up along her body then ran my tongue along her slit, tasting the pungent nectar that she was abundantly producing. It seemed so crazy that, when I'd started the day I wasn't even thinking about Emily, much less about getting naked with her, and here I was eating her pussy. Not being certain whether this would be my only opportunity, I was going to savor it.

I lapped at her pussy, running my tongue along her slit and over her clit, which had her immediately moaning. I could already feel the blood trying to return to my spent cock so I had no doubt I'd be ready to go again by the time I was finished devouring her pussy. I slipped a finger into her as I focused my tongue on her clit then followed it with a second. I slowly pumped my fingers in and out of her hot, wet pussy while licking and sucking her clit. She was moaning louder and longer, reaching down to hold my head while rocking her hips toward my face. I glanced up, seeing her succulent tits squeezed between her arms and knew that I'd be slipping my cock between them before we were dressed again.

As wet as her pussy was when I started eating it, I wasn't surprised by how quickly she was building up to an orgasm. I knew that the credit wasn't entirely due to my oral skills and more likely anticipation played a large role. Either way, I was really happy to be eating her pussy and I had no intention of stopping any time soon, quick orgasm or not. She started to tense up, her back arching, and her moans becoming more sporadic. Right before she came, it sounded like she momentarily held her breath, then she cried out as her body went limp and started shaking. I continued to devour her, pumping my fingers in and out as she was cumming, hoping that this made her orgasm even more intensely pleasurable than it already appeared to be. At the very least, it was a long orgasm and it seemed that she was thoroughly enjoying it. When she let out a sigh and went still, I didn't raise my head and she made no move to have me stop eating her.

Rather than holding my head as she was recovering, she was just running her fingers through my hair but it didn't take long before her hips were rocking toward my face again. As her moaning was increasing, so was the blood flow to my cock, which was continuing to stiffen. With her pussy already hot and wet and just becoming even more so the longer I was eating her, I was really looking forward to slipping my cock into her. I'd been considering eating her to multiple orgasms but, based on my accelerated recovery time, I modified my plan to make her cum with my fingers and tongue once more then, hopefully, make her cum with my stiff cock. I was not hurrying, however, to make her cum so I could get to fucking her sooner. I was savoring eating her pussy hopefully as much as she was savoring having me eating her pussy.

When she grabbed my head again and was really rocking her pussy toward my face, it was obvious that she was getting close to another orgasm. I wasn't trying to get her there faster despite my desire to sink my cock into her. I kept up what had worked well so far and she started to tense up again while holding my head tighter. I glanced up at her tits squeezed between her arms again and knew it was just a matter of minutes now before they were in my hands. She went rigid momentarily then all the tension left her body as she started to tremble. I continued what I was doing all the way through another long and apparently intensely pleasurable orgasm. When she went still this time and let out a sigh, I raised my head and slipped my fingers out of her pussy and into my mouth.

After sucking her juices off of my fingers, I crawled up and lay beside her, fondling her tits as she was still recovering. When she reached for my cock and found it rigid again, she got up on her knees and swung one leg over me. As she was lowering herself onto my cock, I was fondling her succulent boobs. Her pussy felt amazing as it engulfed my tool and we were both immediately moaning. She paused for a moment with it fully embedded inside her then slowly started to move up and down on it. I glanced up at her face, noting that her eyes were closed but she looked like she was feeling a great deal of pleasure, but my focus was drawn back to her boobs. Even as I fondled them, appreciating the feel of the soft, smooth flesh and her hard nipples, I couldn't keep them covered with my hands because I had to admire how they looked, as well. Of course there was also the occasional glance down to see my cock disappearing just below her trim, light brown bush.

When she progressed to riding me harder and faster, I moved my hands around to caress her ass so that I could watch her big titties bouncing enticingly. They were nearly hypnotizing and combining that visual with the feel of her pussy as it became even hotter and wetter, I could not have been happier being where I was. I was also happy that she was so into this and obviously feeling a great deal of pleasure as she was riding me. I could feel an orgasm beginning to stir, mainly because her pussy felt so amazing, but also thanks to the visual of her bouncing tits. I still planned to fuck those beauties but I wasn't worried about cumming because it was clear that she was much closer than I was.

When she dropped down on my cock a few minutes later and just remained there, I wasn't necessarily glad that we were nearly done fucking, but I was pretty psyched that I was closer to fucking her tits. After a moment of sitting still on my cock, she let out a cry and started shaking, goosebumps breaking out on her flesh. I brought my hands back around to fondle her tits while she was cumming and she sort of subtly humped my cock a few times. Her orgasm appeared to be another long and intense one so I was happy that she was getting as much out of this experience as I felt like I was. She remained sitting on my cock once she'd finished cumming and was recovering. When she opened her eyes again, she smiled down at me then leaned down to kiss me. While we were kissing, I rolled her onto her back but, rather than fucking her in the missionary position, I slipped my cock out of her and moved up to straddle her ribs. I lay my cock between her tits then took one in each hand and squeezed them together. I moaned as I started to slide my cock between them because the soft, smooth flesh against my cock felt amazing.

It wasn't just fucking them that was awesome; having them in my hands and brushing my thumbs over her hard nipples while looking down and admiring them was pretty nice, too. She was watching as my cock appeared repeatedly between her tits but I got the impression that this was not the first time she'd been in this position. Not that she seemed bored or disinterested; she definitely seemed attentive to my cock so I wondered if she wasn't just waiting for me to start spewing on her chest. The way it felt sliding my cock between her tits, I wasn't going to leave her waiting for long. As I had with eating her pussy, I was savoring this opportunity and the pleasure I was feeling because I had no idea whether it would ever happen again. I was hoping that she'd let me take some photos before she left in case it didn't.

Although I wanted to fuck her tits for much longer than I was ultimately able to, I didn't want to try to distract myself to make it last longer. Rather, I focused on the pleasure that I was feeling and enjoyed the build-up until I finally started spewing onto her sternum. Her eyes went wide as my cum shot toward her face but it didn't make it far enough to hit it. I continued to slide my cock between her tits until I was fully spent and starting to soften then moved off to lie beside her. She spread the cum around on her chest then licked it off of her fingers as I first watched then grabbed my phone and shot some photos. I started out close up so that it was clear that she was cleaning up cum then gradually backed up to get her tits in the shot, then her entire naked body. She didn't try to stop me but my phone started ringing in my hand, startling us both. I checked to see who was calling.

"It's my mom," I told her, "I'm just going to let her know what we've been up to."

"Don't you dare!" she said, wide-eyed as I answered.

"Hi, Mom," I said, "Yeah, I'm good, much better than I was earlier. I think I just needed some time to get my perspective adjusted..."

I talked for a couple more minutes and promised that I'd come by in a little while then hung up.

"Is that how you feel," Emily asked, "like you've had your perspective adjusted?"

"Absolutely," I replied, "I'm much happier now than I was when I first saw you earlier and I truly appreciate you helping me achieve that."

"I know you've got to go see your mom," she said, "but I'd sure like to help with your perspective more if you're interested."

"Of course," I replied, enthusiastically, "I don't think I could ever get enough of your perspective adjustment."

We didn't rush to get dressed and, when we did decide we needed to, she let me photograph her in her lingerie as she pulled it back on. She was back in my hotel room plenty before I left town and posed for me every time so I had a lot of documentation to keep my memories alive.