 Editing assistance is acknowledged from JayDavid, 1121, GrammarHotsie, colorados2013, ticklechamgers, and hexglow. 

***** 

I saw her as soon as I walked through the front doors of the grocery store. All these big stores had that entrance so wide that you could drive a truck through it. And maybe they do. 

The check-outs were to the right and as I picked up my basket, I saw her struggling with a baby carriage and a large cart of bagged groceries. It was after 10 on Friday night and I wondered why she was shopping this late. I knew why I was here - I had run out of beer and this store was the closest to my apartment. 

I put my basket down and walked toward her. There was only one check stand open and the night clerks weren't about to go out of their way to help a customer. She looked vaguely familiar and as I got closer, I remembered why. 

"Hi," I said cheerfully. "Aren't you in Anderson's second period College Lit course?" 

She looked up at me in a funny way without a hint of recognition. "You mean "slave driver" Anderson who makes you do an essay every week?" she asked. "Yeah, I'm in that class. Who are you?" 

"Yeah, she's a task master, all right," I answered. "Hi, I'm Jason," I said extending my hand. 

"Kelli," she said as she shook my hand. 

"You look as if you are having a little trouble. Can I help you out with your groceries?" I asked. 

Her face brightened and she smiled. "Sure. That's nice of you." 

"Here, let me take the cart and you can lead the way." 

"O.K." she said, took her hand off the cart and started to push the baby carriage with both hands. I got behind the cart and followed her out past the check stands and through those truck-wide doors. I caught up with her. 

"So, Kelli, why are you shopping so late on a Friday night for god's sake?" 

"It's the only time I can," she replied. "I'm so busy with school and I've got a part-time job and my baby. It's really hard to get things done." We were headed to the right side of the parking lot which had just a few cars in it this late at night. 

"Gee, that sounds like quite a load," I commiserated with her. "I can hardly imagine doing that myself. Doesn't your husband help?" 

"No husband," she replied. "Heather's father took off as soon as he learned I was pregnant." 

"I'm sorry. It must be hard," I said. "So, do you live alone? I mean, with Heather?" 

"Yeah, we've got a place," she answered. "My parents help out with the rent, but I'm pretty much on my own. I mean, we're on our own." 

"Boy, that's gotta be tough." 

"Yeah," she agreed. "But I'm doing O.K." 

We continued on in silence. She was strikingly beautiful in a non-pretentious sort of way. She wore her hair long and had a necklace with a cross. It wasn't cold, but it was cool and she had on a long-sleeved sweater that hugged her every curve. Her breasts were certainly above average and well-proportioned for her body. She had on a tight pair of jeans and a pair of non-descript sneakers. 

As we approached her car, I asked "How old is Heather?" 

"She's 13 months, but she still sleeps like a baby!" she replied proudly. 

"I bet she adds a lot to your life," I said as we got to her car, a little import job with seating for five. 

"Why don't you put her in the car while I put your groceries into the trunk?" I said. Then I added, "Then we can go home." 

"Uhhhhh... O.K." she said after hesitating a moment and proceeded to put her baby into the car seat belted in the middle of the back seat. 

I folded the baby carriage and put it into the trunk with the groceries, and said, "I'll be right back. I'll just return this cart." I didn't wait for a reply, but pushed the cart to the return area and came back to the car. She was standing at the driver's side with the door open as I walked up to the passenger's side. 

"Thanks for your help," she said. 

"You're welcome," I replied and immediately got into the car on the passenger's side. 

She got in the driver's side but left the door open. 

"What are you doing?" she asked. 

"I'm going home with you and then I'm going to take all your clothes off." I looked her straight in the eye. 

"What did you say?" she asked, not believing what she heard. 

"I said I was going home with you and take all your clothes off," I said with an air of authority. 

Her face lost all color and took on a bewildered look. She didn't say anything, but just stared at me. I looked right back at her, waited a moment, and then said forcibly "Close your door, Kelli." 

"We can't -" she started to say. 

I interrupted. "Yes, we can. Now close your door and start the car." 

"Oh, my god," she said as she closed her door and began fishing in her purse for her keys. She found them and put them into the ignition. 

I continued. "When I've got all your clothes off, I'm going to kiss every inch of your body. I'll play with your tits and kiss them and suck them. Kelli, your nipples will be hard as rocks." 

As she looked over at me, her breathing was suddenly ragged and her voice was hoarse. "Oh, my god," she barely spoke. 

"I'm going to spread your legs and kiss your pussy. I'm going to suck your clit and make you come. Then we'll probably fuck," I expounded. 

Her breathing increased and she had a look of total astonishment. She looked straight at me with glassy eyes, but couldn't say anything. 

"Start the car," I ordered. 

Slowly, almost robotically, she turned the key and started the car. 

"We're going to your place. Now fasten your seat belt and back out of the parking space and be careful, Kelli" I demanded. 

Her seat belt came down across her body right between her tits. She put the car in reverse, looked out the back for other cars, and began to slowly back the car. 

I was on her tits before she was out of the parking space. I grabbed them with both hands and crushed and attacked them. They were firm and compliant to my harsh touch. 

"Oh, shit... Oh, my god," she murmured almost incoherently. When the car was completely out of the parking space, she stopped the car to change gears. I turned her face and kissed her full on the lips. I shoved my tongue into her mouth and she took it spontaneously. We explored each other's lips and tongues with fervor. My left hand was behind her head holding her to me. My right hand was assaulting her tits. After a time, I realized she wasn't breathing, so I stopped kissing her, backed away, and sat back on my seat. 

She began to catch her breath and said, half to herself "Oh, my god! What's happening? I can't believe...! Oh, my god..." 

"We're going to your place," I ordered. "Drive." 

She put the car in drive and it began to move forward. 

"How far is your place?" I asked. 

"Uhhhh... About ten minutes," she answered. 

"Good," I said. "That will give me plenty of time to get really hard." 

"Oh, my god..." she gulped as she pulled out of the parking lot to the intersection at the street and stopped at the red light. 

"Which way is it?" I asked. 

"Uhhhh... Let's see... Uhhhh... To the right," she answered as if she had forgotten where she lived. 

"You know, you can turn on red when it's clear," I reminded her. 

"Uhhhh... Oh, yeah... I guess so," she said. She was clearly distracted. 

She turned right and merged into the traffic at just under the speed limit. I reached over and gently put my left hand on her shoulder and rubbed it. She gave a low moan. With my right had I reached across and grasped her right tit. I could feel her slump in the seat. I squeezed and massaged her tit and pinched her nipple through her sweater and bra. 

"Oh, god! Oh, my god! I can't believe this!" she said almost incoherently. 

"Pay attention to your driving, Kelli," I reminded her. 

She straightened a little in her car seat and turning slightly, pushed her chest into my hand. I responded by squeezing her nipple harder. 

"Oh, god! Oh, god! Oh, god!" she said in rapid succession. 

"Be careful driving," I warned. "We don't want to get stopped, do we?" 

"Oh, god! O.K. Oh, god!" she responded. 

She stopped at another red light. I took my right hand and gently turned her face toward me. I kissed her hard and held her head still while I fucked her mouth with my tongue. 

The light turned green and I let go of her. 

She was trying hard to catch her breath as she pulled forward. Her breath came in pants and gasps. My left hand was on the back of her neck. I put my right hand under her sweater and cupped her tit. 

"Oh, Jesus!" she exclaimed and her head dropped forward a little. I pulled her bra down over her tit and pinched her nipple. She squealed and then moaned "Ohhhh... Uhhhh..." 

"Is it much farther?" I asked. 

"What?... Huh?... What?" she answered, clearly distracted from any conversation. 

"I said 'How much farther is it?' " as I repeatedly tweaked her nipple. 

"Oh, god! Oh, god! Uhhhh... Just up here on the left." 

"Turn signal," I reminded her as I rubbed the back of her neck and kneaded her tit. 

"Oh, yeah," she said and turned on the left signal. I pulled my right hand from under her sweater but left her tit out of her bra. I continued rubbing her neck. 

She was breathing through her mouth in short, fast breaths as she safely made the left turn and then a half block down turned right into the apartment complex. 

"O.K. Where's your place?" I asked. 

"Right up here, Building 14, room 33 on the first floor." She pulled in and parked the car two spaces from her door. She put it in park, turned off the car, and shut off the headlights. She collapsed back into her seat. I quickly unbuckled my seat belt and moved over in front of her. Her eyes were closed. I kissed her hard again and groped her left breast. I broke the kiss and, starting to fulfill my promises, planted sloppy kisses on her face, her eyes, her neck, her chin, her cheek, her nose. She was moaning louder now and moving against my hand. 

I kissed her ear and then whispered, "You are so beautiful. You feel so fucking good." 

She moaned louder. I reached under her sweater and put her bra back over her tit. 

I said "O.K. We're home. Take your keys out and give them to me. Unbuckle your seat belt. You take Heather inside and put her to bed. I'll get the groceries." 

She was in a daze and just said softly "O.K." 

I moved off her and back to my seat. She gave me the keys, unbuckled her seat belt, opened her door, and got out. I got out on my side, went to the back, and opened the trunk. 

"Kelli, honey?" I got her attention and she looked at me over the roof of the car. "Be really careful. Your baby is so precious." 

She smiled a warm, tender, and loving smile. I thought I saw a tear in one eye. 

I handed her the keys, she opened the back door, got the sleeping baby out, and made her way to her apartment door. I reached into the trunk and removed the grocery bags and closed the trunk lid. By the time I got to her door, she had made it inside and left the door wide open with the keys in the lock. I walked in and closed and locked the front door. 

The apartment was neat, but sparsely furnished. I found the kitchen and turned on the light. I put the keys and the bags on the counter and looked through them to find the items which needed to be refrigerated or put into the freezer. Then I turned the light off and went back to the living room and stood, waiting for her to finish. 

The light from an open door down the hall turned off and Kelli came out and quietly closed the door. She looked up and saw me standing there and walked apprehensively toward me. 

"Is everything O.K.?" I asked. 

She nodded her head "Yes." 

I quickly walked toward her before she got to the end of the hall. I took her in my arms and firmly pushed her back against the wall. I held her hands against the wall above her head and kissed her hard. She responded without hesitation, our tongues fighting in that small space. I pushed my body against hers, mashing her soft breasts with my chest, pinning her to the wall. My tongue was halfway down her throat. She was making sounds deep in her throat as I pushed my hardening cock against her and mashed her tits. I moved my kiss from her mouth to her throat. I could feel her gasping for air. I stopped and held my face right in front of hers. 

"Take your sweater off," I ordered. 

I released her hands and moved back slightly. She was still trying to catch her breath as she crossed her arms, reached down to the bottom of the sweater, and pulled it up and over her head. She dropped it on the floor. 

"Take your bra off," I instructed. 

"Ohhhh..." she moaned as she reached behind her back, unclasped her bra, and let it fall off as she put her arms down. Her magnificent tits stood straight out like pyramids on the desert. I couldn't wait to go to work on them. 

"Put your hands over your head," I told her. 

"Oh, god... Oh, my god... Fuck... Fuck..." she uttered, and as she lifted her hands above her head, her breasts pushed forward as if they had a mind of their own. 

I cupped her tits in my hands and began to assault them with my mouth and tongue. 

She began to blather almost incoherently and her mouth turned dirty. "Oh, yes... Yes... Suck them... Kiss them... Bite them... Suck my nipples... Yes... Harder... Bite me, you bastard... You son of a bitch... Suck them into your mouth... Is that all the better you can do, you dirty fucker... Oh, god... Fuck... Fuck... Fuck... Harder... Harder... Yes... Yes... Bite them... Oh, god... Oh, god..." 

She kept this up while I battered first one tit, then the other, then the first, then the other. My spit coated her chest and ran down the front of her belly. I pushed her tits up hard and sucked hard on her nipples and she cried "Oh, my god!... Yes!... Yes!... Oh, fuck... Fuck..." 

Finally, she cried out "Oh, my god, I can't stand it! You have to fuck me! Fuck me! Please fuck me!" 

"Where's your bedroom?" I asked calmly. 

She took my hand and led me down the hall to the room across the hall from her child's room. The hall light was on and imparted a faint glow in the room. She pulled me inside and over to the bed and started to lie down on the bed when I said, "Stop!" 

She jerked to a halt and turned around. Her tits and nipples were red and swollen from the onslaught they had taken. They were shiny with my spit. I pulled her away from the bed one step and directed "Stand still. Hold your hands above your head." 

She mewed as she did as I had instructed. I knew she would not move until I gave her permission. I got down on my knees in front of her, repositioned my now hard cock, and began to kiss her belly and lick her abdomen. I was not touching her with my hands. 

"Oh, god!... Please... Please... Fuck me... Fuck me..." she begged. 

I ignored her pleas and moved my hands to the front of her jeans. I looked up between her tits and her face had a look of desperation and extreme desire. She continued to mumble almost incoherently, pleading for me to fuck her. I unbuttoned her jeans' fly and pulled her pants away from her belly. I kissed around the top of her panties while pulling her jeans down to her knees. I grabbed the top of her panties with my teeth and began to slowly pull them down. I stopped when I got to a small patch of pubic hair above her pussy and kissed all around. Then I reached behind her and pulled the back of her panties down past her butt. 

With her hands still above her head, she was moving her hips, desperately trying to move her pussy to my mouth, but I would have none of that - yet. I grabbed the front of her panties again with my teeth and pulled them down to her knees. My nose brushed her pussy as I did. Her pussy was shaved smooth and her clit was protruding from under its hood. I licked her clit once and she cried out "Oh, my god! You fucker! Yes! Yes! Oh, please! Fuck me!" 

It was all I could do not to suck on her clit right then, but I had made her a promise I had to uphold. I kissed and licked around her pussy as she rotated her hips trying frantically to get my mouth around her pussy lips. 

"Turn around," I told her. She whimpered and slowly turned around to face the bed. I put my face on her butt and felt how delightfully smooth it was. I began to kiss her butt as I pulled her jeans and panties down to her ankles. 

Then I told her "Bend over on the bed." 

She bent over at the waist and fairly flopped on the bed. I said "Lift your left leg." She lifted her leg and I slid her clothes off her foot. "Now, your right," I ordered. She lifted her right leg and I took her clothes off and tossed them aside. She was completely naked. 

"Slide forward and put your knees on the edge of the bed," I directed. She did as she was told and with her hands and face on the bed, her beautiful ass was up in the air. "Perfect," I thought. I was still on my knees and I moved forward so my face was next to her ass. I began to lightly kiss her legs and butt, moving all around and sticking my tongue into the crack of her ass. Her unintelligible babbling continued as her face was pressed against the bed. 

It was heaven. I put my hands on the inside of her knees and firmly spread them apart. Her ass lowered and her pussy became more exposed. I kissed and licked her toes, her legs, her pussy, and her butt until I couldn't stand it any longer. "Turn over," I told her. 

She turned over on the bed with her hands still above her head, her knees bent and spread and almost touching the bed on each side. For a second I took in the scene. Her eyes were closed and she was still begging me to fuck her, although she was not as loud now. Her tits, those glorious tits, were displayed in all their grandeur, still pointing their boldness at me and the world. Her soft, smooth belly sloped down and focused my attention to her pussy. Her pussy was open and shiny with her juices. Her clit was just barely pulsing as it struggled to grow and stiffen. 

I leaned forward with my forearms on the inside of her thighs and put my hands under her body. Then, as I had promised, I began to assail her pussy with my mouth and tongue. 

My god, you should have heard her scream! I sucked her pussy lips into my mouth and she began a torrent of obscenities and demands that would have made a drill sergeant blush. She began to thrash her hips about but to no avail as I had her pinned to the bed. She kept calling me a "fucker," although technically I wasn't yet. Her pussy was sloppy and the fragrance erotic as I continued to suck and lick her into a sexual stupor. 

I lifted my head and told her "Your hands are free." Instantly her hands were on the back of my head pulling my mouth into her pussy. She was trying to grind her pussy into my throat, but I remained firmly in control. Sensing that, she moved her hands to her tits, squeezing them and pulling the nipples so hard I thought they might come off. She was in a frenzy, calling me filthy names, pleading with me to fuck her, questioning whether I was man enough to fuck her, mangling her own tits and nipples, and ever thrusting her hips up attempting to force her pussy further into my mouth. 

I thought it was time, so I moved up and began to raid her clit, sucking forcibly on it, trying to suck it out of her pussy into my mouth. 

"Oh, shit... Oh, fucking shit... You filthy fucker... You bastard son of a bitch ... Yes!... Yes!... Yes!!... Oh, my god! I'm coming!! I'm coming!! Oh, my god!! Oh, fuck!! Oh, fuck!" she shouted as her body went stiff, then convulsed, then shuddered deep within her pussy. I was still sucking on her clit when I felt her hands on my head pushing me away. I stopped and laid my head on her leg and watched her as she slowly came down. Her body relaxed and I got up. 

I undressed and crawled on the bed and straddled her without sitting on her, just under her tits. I leaned forward and my rock hard cock was between her tits. Eventually she looked up at me, then down at my cock. "Oh, god!'' she uttered. She moved her hands up and pressed her tits together against my cock. I began to move my cock up and down between her tits. I moved up a little more and my cock touched her chin. She grabbed my cock with both her hands, opened her mouth, and guided it into her mouth. She began to bob her head up and down while sucking ferociously. Both her hands barely reached around it and her mouth was stretched tight as she took it in. 
