 Not long after Rob had asked me to be a part of his wedding to Dana as a groomsman and I'd accepted, I was pleased to learn that I'd be paired up with his oldest sister, Kathy, who'd be one of Dana's bridesmaids. I hadn't seen Kathy in person in a long time, though we were connected online via social media. We'd had a brief fling many years prior, just a little fooling around but nothing really serious, but I'd always wished for more. I think she was a little weirded out that I was her little brother's friend, even though I was technically a legally consenting adult. Before anything more serious happened between us, I'd taken a job opportunity that had me living halfway across the country.

Despite being paired up with Kathy, I wasn't expecting anything to happen between us, figuring those days were behind us. I was looking forward to seeing her again, as well as the rest of Rob's family and a lot of our mutual friends. At the wedding rehearsal and the rehearsal dinner, I did flirt with Kathy a little bit and she seemed receptive to it but I still had no expectations. She looked great, though, so I assumed I'd be fantasizing about her quite a bit in the immediate future.

As it turned out, while she didn't have any expectations either, she was using the wedding rehearsal and rehearsal dinner to gauge a few things, like my level of interest in her after all these years and whether there was still any spark or chemistry. I found this all out later, of course, but she'd apparently determined there was enough interest and spark to take the steps that she did.

At the church, once we were all dressed to the nines, we'd be spending some time before the wedding ceremony being photographed. Of course the guys were ready to go first but, when the women joined us and I got my first look at Kathy, my jaw literally dropped. She looked amazing and, while I wouldn't have said that she was going to steal all of the attention from the bride, I couldn't take my eyes off of her. As soon as I got the opportunity, I let her know what I thought.

"You look so fucking hot," I said.

"Thank you," she replied, "but you should see what I'm wearing underneath this."

"I should see," I asked, "or I will see?"

"Oh, you most definitely will see," she assured me but that was it for the moment as we needed to continue with the photos then there was the actual wedding. I still couldn't take my eyes off of her but any latent x-ray vision I might have had within me didn't manifest itself at the moment so I resolved to be patient.

After the ceremony, I was pleasantly surprised to find that Kathy and I would have our own town car and driver to take us to the reception. It wasn't quite as spacious as the limo the bride and groom scored but it did have a partition between us and the driver so, before I climbed into the back seat, I slipped the driver a twenty and told him to take his time driving to the reception. I climbed in the back with Kathy and, once we were on our way, she started to hike up the hem of her skirt. She was wearing stockings and the garters that were holding them up were soon revealed. My cock stiffened as the hem of her skirt made it up to her waist to show off the garter belt and matching bikini panties.

I lifted one of her feet up onto the seat while the other remained on the floor so her legs were parted and I was between them. I ran my hands along her inner thighs then brushed my fingertips over the front of her panties before lowering my head to kiss the bare flesh exposed between the tops of her stockings and her panties. As I straightened up again, I started to slide her panties down so she lifted her ass up then brought her legs together again until I got them off.

Once she'd parted them again, I was gazing at her well-groomed dark brown bush as I set her panties aside then kissed my way along her inner thighs again until her pussy was right in my face. I ran my tongue along her slit, tasting the abundant juices that had accumulated there while causing her to moan softly. I had never eaten Kathy's pussy before so I was completely psyched about this opportunity.

I knew we didn't really have time for me to indulge myself as I might have otherwise since I didn't want the entire wedding reception to start wondering where we were so I focused on making her cum quickly but with the highest level of pleasure I could manage. I went from slurping her slit to licking and sucking her clit while slipping a finger into her snug, slippery pussy. She was moaning continuously while holding my head and humping her pussy toward my face.

I don't think it was just my eating her pussy that had her so fired up, especially if she'd been considering this since the day before. Maybe she hadn't been thinking about me eating her pussy necessarily but if she'd put on those panties, stockings and garter belt assuming that she'd be showing them to me, she'd probably been pretty worked up since then. I could feel her pussy becoming even wetter and more engorged the longer I was eating her so I was hoping she'd let me slip my cock into her before we continued on to the reception.

She started tensing up the closer she was getting to cumming but I just kept up what I was doing, trying to get her the rest of the way there with the highest level of pleasure in the shortest amount of time. Right before she started cumming, she went rigid and silent then cried out as she went limp and her entire body was shaking. I continued to eat her through a long and clearly quite intensely pleasurable orgasm but raised my head once she'd gone still and quiet. I slipped my finger from her pussy into my mouth, sucking off her juices as I gazed at her pussy framed by her garters and stockings.

She smiled up at me then sat up and reached for my pants, getting them open and sliding them down along with my underwear so that my rigid cock popped out. She stroked it as she started to get up, maneuvering around so that I could sit in the middle of the back seat and she could straddle me. I held her waist to steady her as she guided my cock toward her pussy and lowered herself down on it. We both moaned as my cock was engulfed in her hot, wet pussy and she started riding it.

Again, because we didn't have the luxury of time, she didn't gradually build up her pace. She was riding me hard from the get-go and I was pushing up into her each time she came down. I moved my hands up from her waist to fondle her tits but I didn't dare try to free them as it would just complicate trying to make ourselves presentable again upon arrival at the reception. They were bouncing slightly, though, so I ended up moving my hands around to caress her bare ass while I watched them.

We didn't even make out since she was riding me so hard that it would have proven difficult. In fact, we hadn't even kissed at all at that point, but I was really not even thinking about it then. I was more focused on how incredible her pussy felt as it was sliding up and down my throbbing cock. I was certain that I wasn't going to be able to last long enough for her to cum again but she surprised me once again.

She had been fairly quiet aside from heavy breathing so I assumed she was just trying to control the noise level a little more after being a little loud as I ate her pussy. When she dropped down on my cock and remained there as she let out a cry, I was pleasantly surprised when she started shaking, obviously cumming again. I continued to caress her bare ass but couldn't do much more as I waited for her to ride out another long and obviously highly pleasurable orgasm.

When she did finish cumming, she finally kissed me, our tongues quickly slipping into each other's mouths. It was brief, though, because she soon climbed off of my cock and, kneeling on the seat beside me, lowered her head and engulfed it in her mouth. Holding the base and gently pumping it, she bobbed her head up and down while my orgasm resumed building.

She definitely left nothing to be desired as a cocksucker and watching her at work only heightened the pleasure even more. It was good that she had cum twice already so I felt no guilt about just enjoying her oral skills and my building orgasm. I would like to have enjoyed it for even longer but she was clearly focused on making me cum rather than on drawing out the pleasure I was feeling. That was perfectly fine with me as I knew I'd enjoy blowing a load down her throat regardless of how long she sucked my cock.

As I got closer to cumming, my cock was swelling even more and I was making a concerted effort not to push my cock deeper into her mouth but she maintained her focus, even when I started spewing. She barely even reacted, swallowing my load while continuing to expertly suck me off. Only once I was fully spent did she let my cock fall from her mouth then straightened up and looked around. She tapped on the partition and a voice came through a small speaker.

"Ready to head to the reception now?" the driver asked.

"Let's do it," Kathy replied. I tucked my spent cock away as she located her panties and slipped back into them while I watched closely. We knew we'd need to give each other a looking over once we were out of the car but we did a cursory once over before we each pulled out our phones. We'd silenced them during the ceremony but neither of us had looked at them since we'd been in the car. Neither of us had any frantic messages asking where we were but I did have one from another of the groomsmen who was also a good friend asking facetiously what ever could be delaying us.

We had enough time before we made it to the hotel where the reception was being held to discuss what had happened and what happened next so we were definitely on the same page but we might have some coordinating to do as the night went on. We also did a little making out after each of us popped a breath mint. Once we were at the hotel, I tipped the driver another twenty for indulging us and being discreet, though it wouldn't have surprised me if he'd at least been listening in if not recording us on a hidden camera.

After confirming we were both presentable, we headed inside and were ushered into a side room where the rest of the bridal party was hanging out, eating hors d'oeuvres and already starting the drinking. The bride and groom had not yet arrived and we found out later that, after taking a lot more photos, they did like Kathy and I and spent some time fucking in the back of the limo. While Kathy was talking to her sister, Suzy, I ended up talking to Jim, who wanted some details, which I was more than happy to provide.

"If I'd know you and Kathy were going to fuck on the ride over," he said, "I'd have done more than just make out with Suzy."

"Did she tell you that she and Kathy are sharing a room?" I asked, "So there's still a chance."

Jim and I were also sharing a room so we agreed that it would make sense for Kathy and I to room together and him to share a room with Suzy. Who ended up in which room wasn't important as long as everyone was onboard. I figured that Kathy was probably having the same discussion with Suzy and ended up confirming that later. Before the reception wound down later that night, we had everything figured out and had even made a few brief, discreet runs upstairs to swap stuff out between rooms so everyone had their own clothes and toiletries and such. I didn't know whether the other two groomsmen, who were Rob's cousins, hooked up with the other two bridesmaids, who were Dana's friends, but I hoped for all of their sakes that there were going to be some orgasms being swapped between all of them that night.

When Kathy and I finally headed upstairs much later that night, we agreed that, after all of the dancing, a shower together would be a fine idea. It would probably also help perk us up, not that I thought either of us would fall asleep on the other as excited as we were to be alone in a hotel room together. I still hadn't seen everything that she was wearing under her bridesmaid dress so the first thing was to get that dress off. I unzipped it then stepped back as she turned to face me while letting it slide down her body. Her luscious tits were barely contained in a sexy bra that matched her garter belt and bikini panties. I was instantly rigid as I looked over her long, lean body covered only in sexy lingerie.

"I know I said before that you looked hot in that dress," I finally said once I could speak again, "but you look absolutely incredible. Can I take some photos?"

"Actually," she replied, "I already took a bunch of them for you as I was getting dressed earlier. I figured if you decided you weren't interested in seeing what I had on under the dress, I'd send some to you to show you what you missed out on. I promise you will get them so please let's get me out of this for now."

I took her in my arms and we made out as I reached behind her and unfastened her bra. I stepped back again as I started to slide it down her arms, revealing her incredible tits. When we'd fooled around in the past, it had mostly been fumbling around in the dark so this was really the first time I'd gotten a good look at her tits and they were magnificent. Not only were they quite large, though not obscenely so, her areolas were large, too, and her nipples hard and thick.

I dropped her bra and reached out to caress them then lowered my head to lick and suck her hard nipples, causing her to moan. There was no doubt in my mind that I'd be fucking these big beauties and, since the shower could be the place for that, I continued to get her undressed after briefly indulging myself. I dropped down and started sliding her bikini panties down, revealing her trim dark brown bush again. I also had no doubt that I'd be eating her to an orgasm or several again.

"We're going to need to fuck before we shower," she said, "I'm about to explode."

"In that case," I replied, "I'm leaving the rest on for the moment."

I stood, still mostly dressed, while she was left wearing just her stockings and garter belt. I'd laid my tuxedo jacket on one of the beds with the tie in the inside pocket but was still wearing the vest, shirt and pants. I quickly kicked off my shoes while simultaneously slipping out of the vest while Kathy went to work on getting my pants open. As they dropped to my ankles and she caressed the bulge in my briefs, I was unbuttoning my shirt as quickly as I could manage. I stepped out of my pants, shed my shirt and undershirt then managed to pull my socks off with my feet, all in record time.

She started to slide my briefs down and my rigid cock sprung out so she gripped it and briefly stroked it as my briefs hit my ankles. I stepped out of them then had her turn around and crawl onto the bed. I stared at her sweet ass as I followed her, kneeling behind her as she lowered her head to the bedspread. I ran my hands over her cheeks before guiding my cock into her. We both moaned as I slid in until my hips were pressed against her ass.

Holding her hips, I started slowly sliding my cock in and out of her snug, slippery pussy. It was truly blissful and I would love to have fucked her like this for the rest of the night but, since she was so fired up, she was pushing back against my thrusting and setting a faster pace. She also reached down below herself, I assumed to caress her clit, which made me happy that she wasn't relying entirely on me to make her cum. Rather than trying to sync up with the pace she was setting, I would just give a thrust each time her ass tapped against my hips to ensure that she was getting maximum penetration. Once we had a consistent rhythm going, I slipped my hands forward from her hips to her tits, cupping them and hefting their weight as I caressed the soft, smooth flesh.

Her moaning was getting louder and longer pretty quickly, which didn't surprise me given that she'd been so fired up that she needed to fuck immediately. I was definitely happy that being with me apparently made her as horny as being with her made me. I could feel her pussy becoming even hotter and wetter as she was getting closer to cumming so I straightened up again to be absolutely sure she was getting the full length of my throbbing cock. I could feel my own orgasm building but I had a plan in the event that she came before I did and her orgasm didn't immediately trigger my own.

I watched her ass jiggle slightly each time it smacked against my hips until she pushed back and just held there. A moment later, she cried out and started shaking as her orgasm hit. I was close to cumming but not quite there yet so I just held my cock deep inside her pussy as she rode out another long and obviously intensely pleasurable orgasm.

When she'd clearly finished cumming, I slipped out of her and had her roll onto her back. I moved up to straddle her and lay my cock between her succulent boobs, squeezing them gently together against it. As I caressed the soft, smooth flesh of her tits, I slid my cock between them, moaning at the pleasurable feeling of fucking them. Kathy seemed content having just cum so she was watching my cockhead as it peeked repeatedly from between her tits.

The build-up to my orgasm resumed so I didn't expect to be able to fuck them for too long, which was fine since I was still looking forward to showering together. Gazing down at those big beauties and admiring her large areolas and hard, thick nipples just enhanced the pleasure I was feeling even further. I maintained a slow and steady pace, savoring the building pleasure, and my cock gradually began to grow thicker and harder as I got closer to cumming.

When I finally started spewing onto her sternum, Kathy's eyes went wide and she stuck out her tongue, catching one of the more powerful blasts. I continued to slowly fuck her tits as I spurted repeatedly, stopping only once I was completely spent. I let out a content sigh as I released her tits and moved off of her.

"I guess we should go get that cleaned off," I suggested as she was spreading my cum around and licking her fingers. While she was finishing up, I reached under her and unhooked the back of her garter belt then started to pull it and her stockings down. By the time she was fully naked, she had sat up, her tits bouncing enticingly, then we climbed off of the bed and headed to the bathroom.

Our toiletries were already in there so she found a hair tie and put her long, thick, dark brown hair up. She'd worn it down and natural for the wedding rather than having it styled but if she got it wet in the shower it would take forever to dry. With her long neck exposed, I couldn't resist kissing it from behind as I cupped her big tits again, which had the blood already trying to return to my spent cock.

The hotel room had a nice, big, glass-enclosed shower but no tub, which worked out better for us, anyway. We stepped in and, as I closed the door, Kathy got the water turned on and the temperature adjusted. As she wet her body down, keeping her hair out of the spray, I was just ogling her naked body from the front and the back. While I was under the spray, she grabbed some body wash which she shared with me then we commenced lathering each other up.

Naturally, I spent time making sure her boobs were thoroughly clean and she did the same with my cock and balls. I also enjoyed lathering up her ass as well as her pussy. In fact, we were making out pretty passionately at one point as I was "cleaning" her clit with my fingertip while my other hand was soaping up her ass crack, occasionally massaging her asshole. She was doing an impressive job of making sure my cock was not only clean but completely rigid again. She pulled her mouth from mine and cried out as her body started shaking while I continued to caress both her clit and her asshole.

"Let's get out of here so I can ride your cock," she moaned once she'd finished cumming so we rinsed off all of the suds then turned off the shower and grabbed a couple of towels. We dried ourselves and each other then stepped out and hung the towels back up since we planned to use them again in the morning. Kathy let her hair down again and we headed for the same of the two queen-sized beds that we'd fucked on earlier.
