  A/N: All characters in this story are at least 18 years old. I hope you enjoy!

*****

She walked up and down the hallway, her heeled boots making a small, rhythmic click-clack against the tiled floor. She sighed, 'Where is he?!' It was well past 4 o'clock. Over an hour and a half past the time her boyfriend, Andrew, was supposed to pick her up. She groaned and reached into her pocket, pulling out her earphones plugged them into her phone and blasted her music in her ears.

It was too cold to walk all the way home by herself and the rain that was currently attacking the city wasn't helping anything. She had gotten soaked when she had tried to leave by herself. Her black tank-top was sticking against her skin and her soaked jeans dripping onto the floor.

She called every cab service she could think of. They either didn't do local; they had no cabs available or were so backed up that all she got was a busy signal. She ran her fingers through her wet, black hair and let out another sigh before she finally stopped pacing and decided instead, to wander around the school.

It was empty and quiet; everyone had already gone home for the week-long break. Everyone except her, of course. By now, she had done everything she could think of, she had went to the vending machine, hung out in the bathroom, timed herself on how long it took her to run up and down all five flights of stairs and counted ceiling tiles.

Seeing as it didn't seem like he was coming to get her anytime soon and she was worried that her outfit was going to sour, she walked to her locker and pulled out a pair of her shorts that she kept for emergencies. She pulled off her top and jeans. Cursing when she couldn't find another shirt, she simply slipped of the jean shorts and kept on her slightly damp, lacy bra.

She had just closed her locker when she heard someone call her name.

"Melissa?"

He watches as she spins around in shock and crosses her arms over her chest, her cheeks a deep red.

"Oh my gosh," she stutters out, "Mr. Greene I-I didn't know anyone was still here.

He swallows slowly and responds, trying to keep his eyes on her face, "I'm working late tonight."

"Okay." She replies, looking anywhere and everywhere except him.

He takes this opportunity to look over her scantily clothed body. Her long hair is soaking wet and clinging to her neck, back and chest. Her long legs are shivering and her wide hips and thighs are barely covered by the light blue denim, she hadn't even had a chance to button them up.

Her lean stomach is partially covered by her arms and even though her chest is covered by her as arms and hair, he can easily see that her breasts are large. He can feel his cock harden in his pants. He shifts uncomfortably and clears his throat.

"Why don't you come upstairs? I think I have a jacket or something in my office you could use."

"Oh, thanks!" She says smiling.

She walks ahead of him, marching up the stairs, quietly. This is when he notices that on top of a pretty face, long legs and ample bosom, she has the stereotypical "ghetto booty" of a black woman. He bites his lower lip to muffle a groan as he feels his lower region swell just a bit more. 

Richard Greene was an ass man. While he appreciated all aspects of the female anatomy, asses were his favorite. Especially large, round ones like Melissa had. It was inches in front of his face swaying enticingly as she continued to walk up the stairs without a clue what was going on behind her. 'What is wrong with me? She's a student, and I'm married!' 

Richard loved his wife dearly but not only was the sex boring, she didn't have any of the physical aspects he was looking for. She was a small B cup with a flat ass that she prided herself in keeping toned and trim. He tried to tell her that if she maybe ate a little more now and then, she could still be toned and trim with a bigger ass, but she refused to even listen. And now he was staring at Melissa's hypnotic derriere like a creep.

When they got to his office he unlocked the door and let her in, the door closing behind them. "Why are you here so late?" He asks, looking around the office to find something to cover to very appealing teenager with. Melissa hops up on his desk and shrugs, "Andrew was supposed to pick me up from school so we could go out tonight, and surprise, he didn't show. "Oh, uh. I'm sorry" He mumbles continuing to search around the room. 

"Nah, it's fine." 

He turns to look at her and sees she had her arms down and her shoulders shrugged inward, forgetting she had nothing to cover her upper body with. 

The swells of her breasts are pushed together and he notices that her nipples are erect. He wishes that he was sucking on them at this very moment. She hops off the table and turns around, as if looking for something. "Hey, do you have an outlet in here? My phone's about to die." 

"Huh? Oh,uh yeah. Right behind the desk. You know if you can wait a while, I'd be happy to drive you home." He says.

Instead of walking around the desks and plugging her charger in, she turns around and bends over the desk, the movement caused her shorts to ride up, despite being unbuttoned, showcasing her beautiful rear. 

He can feel his mind go blank. Then he isn't thinking, he's walking right over to her. "That'd be awesome, Mr. Greene."

"Call me Richard." He mumbles and then his large, pale hand is on her ass. 

Most people didn't know this, but Melissa was the kind of girl that loved sex. She wasn't a slut by any means, but if she wanted it, she word take it. And Mr. Greene was a very handsome man. He towered over her 5'3 at 6'4 with dark brown hair and cool blue eyes.

He was lean and exactly the type she loved. He wasn't old either, at only 34. That of course didn't stop her from being shocked.

"What are you doing?!" She yelled, jumping out of his immediate vicinity and across the desk. 

"Don't act like you don't want me, I can see how hard your nipples are, Melissa." 

"My close were wet and I'm freezing!" She argues back.

He walks over to her and picks her up with ease, despite her struggling, and sits her down on the desk. He kisses her roughly and she pounds her small fist against his chest. As she lessens her assault, so does he, he kisses her softly and slowly. His hands travel up her waist and he unhooks her bra. It slides down her arms and he reaches up to caress her tits. She moans deeply into his mouth when he begins to play with her nipples. 

She opens her legs and he steps between her thighs. She is able to feel his hard cock pressing against her now wet cunt. Tugging at his shirt, she whimpers before part from him. 

"Take it off." She pants, slipping her bra straps off her wrists and pulling the tight shorts off her legs. By the time she's finished, his button down is off, showing well formed pecs and a lean stomach. She drops down to her knees and quickly unbuttons his pants and pulls them down in tandem with his boxers. 

She looks at his packages for a moment, studying it. He was large. His cock at least 7 inches long, he was thick, too. She smiles up at him, her pretty light brown eyes flashing. Then without any warning, she engulfs his entire length into her war, wet mouth. 

"Fuck." He sighs. Her thick lips wrapped around his dick, forming a tight seal as she bobbed up and down enthusiastically. She moved up, only the head in her mouth and swirled her tongue once, before sucking twice as hard. She lowered herself down again, the only sounds in her room, his groan and sighs, and her quiet sucking. She comes off his dick with a 'pop' and uses both her hands to jack him off. 

"Am I good?" She questions, leaning down and taking one of his balls into her hot mouth. "Oh yeah." he mutters.

"Better than your wife?"

"Oh, fuck yeah." Her grin is huge. 

"Good to know."

She takes him all the way in again, swallowing around him multiple times.

He's beginning to reach the end of his tether and she knows it. She can feels his cock swelling up even more. She leans off with a gasp, standing up and bending over the desk. 

"Fuck my pussy." Without a word he slams into her. Her cunt even hotter than her mouth. She was warm and slippery. "Ugh." He grunts.

His balls slap against her clit, making her wail loudly. "Oh, yes! Harder! Please!" She begins to beg. He does as she asks. Speeding up their rhythm, he grabs a handful of her ass with one hand, kneading it before he pulls off and smacks it. "Oh!" 

"You like that?" He grunts out. 

"Ohhh, do it again."

He does, over and over he smacks her ass, until its read and sore, and she begs him to keep going. "I love it! Uh, do it again!"

"I'm gonna-!"

She reaches back and digs her bails into her ass. "Ugh, cum in me baby. I want you to fill up this tight cunt!" 

His hips stutter and then he yelling, "UH! Take it all! Feel all of it in there, bitch."

"Uh, Oh yes! I want it all!" She can feel his jizz deep inside her pussy and with sparks dancing behind her closed eyes, she cums, letting out a high pitched moan. 

He pulls out of her. "That was great." She says in between pants.

Just then he can feel his thoughts coming back to him, "Oh god. What did I do?"

She laughs and turns around, leaning against his desk and lets out a loud laugh, "You fucked the hell out of me is what you did, Mr. Greene."

To be Continued.