 It was a late night at the office. This was becoming a regular habit. I was staring off into the distance as I contemplated the mountain of spreadsheets. All of a sudden my phone vibrated on the desk waking me from my slumber.

I checked my phone needing a distraction. It was a message from Jo, an old friend from my home town. It simply said, "Call me. It is urgent."

It was getting late and I needed to get my work done. I put my phone in my bag and took a gulp of my umpteenth coffee of the day and got back to my work.

I put the message to the back of my mind and by the time I got home at 9.37pm I had completely forgotten about the message.

I checked my phone and there were two missed calls from Jo. I couldn't imagine what was so important that she would want to discuss. She was my closest friend from my old town but I left over 10 years ago for London and we only talked ever so often and rarely met. We led completely different lives. I was career oriented and still not married at the age of 36 but Jo was married with 3 kids and a stay at home mom.

I decided to call her back as I just wondered what she could want to talk about. I had the phone cradled between my head and shoulder while I was looking through the fridge for any food. There was some left over pizza in the fridge from the night before and I picked it up to microwave. The joys of life. Jo finally picked up, "Hi Ellen. Thank god you called back. I need a big favour."

I couldn't imagine what she would need from me as we had little to do with each other anymore. I didn't think it could be a big deal so I said, "Of course. What do you need help with?"

I instantly regretted my words as she said, "My nephew, Max, is living in London studying at university. His flat is flooded with a leak and he needs somewhere to live for a few days. He is 23 and self-sufficient. The landlord has said he should fix it within the week. You are a life saver."

I tried to worm out of it, "Ermmm. Yes. Of course. But I only have a one bedroom apartment and I only have the sofa for him."

I was hoping this would put her off but she responded, "I promise he won't mind. You are the best. I will let him know the good news. I will ask him to come over tonight."

I responded defeated, "Yes sure."

He showed up an hour later. He was very nerdy looking and clearly did not get out much. He was very polite and I helped him set up the sofa with blankets and pillows. It made me wonder how he was related to Jo who was a hot blonde bombshell when we were younger and this was a pasty looking slightly chubby nerd.

He kept apologising for being an inconvenience and I tried to placate but I wasn't able to hide my annoyance. 

I told him I would be up early for work and I usually get in late. He looked really uncomfortable with me and he could not look me in the eye. It made me a feel a tinge of sympathy for him but I was annoyed with the situation.

I went to bed annoyed at this invasion of my space.

I woke up at 5.30am as usual. I went to the bathroom to get ready. My room has an adjoining door to the bathroom so I did not have to worry about coming across Max.

I came out after I was ready and Max came out of the kitchen. I didn't expect him to be up this early as I thought of him as a lazy student. Watching movies during the night and sleeping during the day. My sour mood returned on seeing him. 

He said, "I am really sorry for imposing on you. I made you a "to go" breakfast Panini and coffee. I did the best with what I could find."

As I took the coffee and bag our hands touched and I felt something but instead of acknowledging this I responded sarcastically, "I work for a living. Sorry for not getting you what you needed for something no one asked you to do."

I slammed the door in his face behind me as I left. He probably expected some gratitude but I was just too sour about the whole situation. It was another busy day and it would be a late finish. Throughout the day my mind kept going back to our hands touching and the breakfast. 

By the end of the day I felt drained and tired. My feet were hurting from walking in the high heels.

I got home and started thinking of what I would have to eat. As I opened the door I could smell food from the kitchen. A rare sense in my apartment as I could not recall the last time I used the kitchen.

Max was in the kitchen cooking. I walked in and he apologised again. He was snivelling, "I am sorry. I know you are busy so I picked up some things for the kitchen. I have cooked some spaghetti Bolognese for you. Is this ok with you?"

Maybe he wasn't the lazy student I thought he was, "I didn't ask you to do any shopping. I guess spaghetti will have to do."

He apologised again, "I am sorry. I will ask next time. You have been working all day. You should relax and I will bring the food out."

I went to get changed and came out. Max had brought the food out on the table and served it to me. He sat opposite me at the dining table.

I had to admit he was a good cook. And as I looked over it was actually a nice feeling to have some company during the evening. The apartment had never felt so warm and welcoming. My mind went back to our hands touching in the morning and I thought about engaging him.

The next day I woke up in a slightly more pleasant mood. As I was getting ready I wondered if Max would surprise me again or would yesterday's breakfast be a one off. As I got to the door I was disappointed not to see him. Maybe I was right about him all along. He then came running out of the kitchen behind me with my breakfast. He said, "I am sorry. It took slightly longer than expected."

I was feeling guilty about my earlier coldness towards to him and as I took the lunch I held the touch a little longer between our hands. I enjoyed this little morning intimacy and I wondered if he noticed.

As I walked away, I glanced back before closing the door. He was wearing just his boxers and was sporting a clear erection. I wondered if it was just a morning erection or did I have something to do with it. I laughed to myself. A chubby nerd was never my type.

The typical working day was taking its toll on me as the evening wore on. I was actually looking forward to going back to my apartment and ended up leaving earlier than usual. 

My feet were hurting again but I liked to look a certain way so it was always style over comfort. I wore stockings with a garter belt. I wore a silk blouse and knee length skirts to accompany this.

I had messaged Max earlier to ask him to make lasagne for tonight. 

As I got back Max had the food ready and waiting for me. I took off my high heels and winced at the pain. Max saw this and asked, "Are you in pain?"

I responded my tone tense from the pain, "Yes. Obviously. My feet are hurting. It is these shoes."

He then said, "You should wear something more comfortable."

I didn't know if he was deliberately trying to annoy me after I had softened on him or if he was just simple, "Well I obviously cannot. You don't get to my position by dressing like a boring mom."

He went back to apologising, "I am sorry. I didn't know. I can help by giving a foot rub. I gave them to my mum and Aunt Jo."

I just wanted to eat and did not bother to change, "Maybe later. Let's eat now."

He was obviously shy and I had been cold to him so far. He had made some dishes to accompany the lasagne. He made a lot of effort for me. The first time anyone had done that for me in some time. I had struggled to hold down a relationship due to my work commitments. My last relationship was over a year ago and lasted 2 dates in 3 months. If you can call that a relationship. It was enough for me to give up on the relationship game. I was too old for it.

After eating we both relaxed on the sofa. We were sat on opposite ends of the sofa with a seat between us. He had some nerdy TV show on. I never had much time for TV but it was nice having the apartment filled with noise and company.

I asked him, "Are you able to give that foot rub now?"

I stretched my feet into his lap as he began to rub my stocking clad feet. The feeling was heavenly and my feet needed this more than anything.

He asked, "How does it feel? Does it hurt?"

As I dug my heels into his lap I could feel his erect cock. I wiggled my feet to try and get the length of his cock. What was wrong with me? Teasing this poor nerd. The tension began to leave my feet, "No. It feels good. Please keep rubbing. Do you do this for your girlfriend?"

Why was I asking about his girlfriend? I don't know why I was trying to engage in this conversation when I should be asking if he can move back to his own apartment. He replied, "No. I have never had a girlfriend."

I had to admit I was not surprised. He was a chubby nerd but I kept digging my heels against his now pulsing cock. I then heard myself ask, "Never? Why not?"

Did I even need to ask? It was obvious. It was like I was having an out of body experience. He then explained, "I am not comfortable with girls my age. I just get shy and cannot speak to them. The only girls I have ever spoken to are my mom and aunty Jo. And you. I feel comfortable with older women."

I dug my heels in hard against his cock as his foot rub continued, "Are you calling me old?"

Why was I acting offended at this stupid nerd's comments? 

I was beginning to like when he apologised, "No I did not mean that. I am sorry. I didn't mean that."

I was getting annoyed, "What did you mean then?"

He obediently kept rubbing my feet but he was clearly nervous, "I am sorry. I just mean girls my age are immature and silly. I cannot connect with them or even talk to them. You are intelligent and I find it easier talking to you."

I was still annoyed. I didn't understand why I was behaving so offended. I did not care what this nerd thought or did I?

I went on to ask still annoyed, "Are these other girls prettier than me?"

I did not know why I was asking or interested in what he thought but a part of me really wanted to know what he thought.

He replied slightly nervously, "No. You are prettier."

I was still not satisfied, "Am I prettier than your aunty Jo?"

He was still nervous, "Yes. Definitely."

I was pleased with this answer. When we were younger Jo got a lot male attention as she was an early developer and a typical blonde. I was slightly appeased but still not satisfied, "Do you think I am sexy?"

I already knew from his constant erection but I warned his answer, "You always look stunning. I have never met anyone who always looks so beautiful. You always dress amazing. I have never seen anyone as sexy as you."

I began to gently stroke his cock with my feet as he came in his boxers. I said, "Good boy." And left to go to bed.

The next morning as I was leaving I saw him again in just his boxers and a t shirt. He had an erection again. His cock always seemed to be hard. As I took the breakfast I stroked his hand and deftly brushed his cock with the outside of my hand.

At work I was staring off into the distance thinking about Max. This stupid fat nerd had me distracted. I just did not know what was wrong with me.

It was mid-way through the day and I decided to leave early. I was in no mood to work with my mind so distracted. I was always the first in and the last to leave the office so I received a lot of strange looks as I left.

I got home around 1.00pm. I was actually looking forward to seeing Max. The stupid fat nerd. He had brightened up my dark days.

As I got home I heard music coming from my room. I quietly went to my room. If I caught Max in my room he would be out that second but then what I saw completely shocked me. Max was on my bed. My used panties fixed across his face so that my crotch was on his nose and mouth with his tongue out as my stockings were wrapped around his cock and he was masturbating. The anger dissipated and it was replaced by this obsessive intrigue and fascination.

My eyes were fixed on this scene in front of me. I was extremely turned on by it. All of a sudden I heard a neighbour and panicked. I left the apartment. I went to a local coffee shop. I sent a message to Max to say that I would be arriving home shortly.

My mind was awash with lustful thoughts and I did not know what I had to do.

As I got back Max seemed worried and asked if I was ok, "Why are you back so soon? Are you ok?" 

I have never really had someone to care for me in this way and I actually really liked it. He was a sweet boy.

I made up an excuse for coming back about having a headache.

I was sat on my bed where I had just witnessed the scene. I did not know what to do about my lustful thoughts. Max was not my type. I didn't like him. But then why did I care what he thought about me or other girls and why did I not just throw him out after catching him in my room. Maybe I liked his company. It could not be more than that.

I went back into the living room and Max was just getting off the phone. He said, "The landlord has said the builders are finishing up today so the flat might be available tomorrow."

I felt this pang of disappointment as I heard this. I went over to him and held his hand, "You can stay as long as you need. Are you sure it will be ready tomorrow?"

He said, "Thank you for everything. My back has been hurting from the sofa. And I am a grateful to you but I do not want to take advantage of your friendship with Aunt Jo. I need to call Aunt Jo to let her know."

He let go of my hand as he began to call Jo. I was really upset at the thought of him leaving. I loved having him here. I went to my room but I could hear him on the phone mention to Jo that he would be taking shower now before he goes to check out his flat and an idea came to me.

I heard him enter the bathroom from the main door. I could hear him undressing. I took my blouse and skirt off. I was in just black stockings garter belt, tiny black thong and push up bra.

I walked in to the bathroom as he was dropping his boxers. His cock was sticking straight up at me. I had never had a clear sight of it before but it looked a good 7 inches. It wasn't too bad. His eyes were fixed on me for a good few seconds and then we both acted in shock but I could not take my eyes off his pulsing cock. I then apologised and left. I then got dressed in silk bath robe and told him he could go first.

After his shower I could not shake my lustful thoughts. I did not want him to leave and my mind was firm on this.

He was dressed and ready to go. I stopped him at the door and gently held his back, "I want to talk to you when you come back." I kissed him on the cheek and he reluctantly let go of my hand. He then went out to see his flat.

I was sat on my own thinking about my options. He was not my type physically but in his own way he was not unattractive. I enjoyed his presence and I liked that he was there when I needed him. Did I want to go back to my old ways? But what about Jo? Was I going to seduce her nephew but then again her always wanted me to settle down. But how do I seduce him. He is interested from his time on my bed but how do I seduce him without scaring him away.

He came back a few hours later. I asked him, "How was the flat? Is it all back to normal?"

He seemed to be smiling as he said, "The flat seems back to normal. Just a few finishing touches. I am sorry about before. I didn't know you also needed the bathroom. At least you won't have to worry about me anymore. Is that what you wanted to talk about?"

The smile hurt me, "It was my fault, and I didn't know you were in there. I should have checked. Did you see anything?"

He looked at me, I was only wearing a skimpy bathrobe over my previous clothing, "I am sorry. I did see it all. I did not mean to."

I was looking at his cock throb in his jeans. I asked him to sit next to me on the sofa, as I did so my robe rode up and my thong was visible, "Tell me the truth. I will reward the truth. Did you want to see it? Did you mean to look?"

I held his hand and let it rest on my inner thigh of the stocking with my hand covering his. He would be able to feel the heat from my pussy. He physically gulped as he took in the situation. I could see him contemplating his answer. He was leaving tomorrow so he had nothing to lose, "I deliberately looked. I knew I shouldn't but my eyes were transfixed by your beauty. I am sorry."

I looked at him and I said, "I reward the truth."

I got up and walked away from him. I then turned to face him and dropped the robe behind me and said, "You can now look."

I then turned around with my back to him and bent over picking up the robe, deliberately presenting my ass to him.

I could hear him take a deep breath as I bent over and saw him rub his crotch.

I then explained, "This is what I normally wear around the flat. I hope you don't mind."

He spluttered, "Ermm. No I definitely don't mind. It is your home."

I sat down next to him and put my feet in his lap. He was still wearing his jeans. I asked, "My feet still hurt. Can you rub them again?"

I seductively ran my heels across his lap and added, "The jeans are uncomfortable. Wear what you normally wear."

He normally wore boxers and a nerdy shirt. He had a collection of star wars and other sci fi shirts.

He took of his jeans and under his jacket he was wearing another star wars shirt. Not a surprise. Why was this nerd turning me on so much?

He then sat back down and asked, "Is this better?"

I put my feet back in his lap and his boxers were wet with precum. I gently ran my feet back and forth as he quietly groaned. I loved teasing his cock. His hands went to my feet and he began his foot rub and it felt divine. I kept my heels gently rubbing against his cock and it always throbbed in response. I said, "Much better. Do you want to play the truth game? The truth gets a reward."

I had already introduced him to the type of rewards he could be looking forward to. He said, "Yes. I want to play. Can I ask questions?"

I thought about it for a second and then replied, "You may be allowed one question when I allow it to be asked. Which feet do you love rubbing the most?"

He didn't even think and responded, "Yours. I love them. They are so pretty and look sexy in stockings."

I reached down and gently squeezed his cock between my feet as a reward, "Good boy. What else did you do for your aunt Jo?"

He thought about this for a few seconds, "I would sometimes have sleepovers. I would help her with the house and we would watch movies together. Aunt Jo would ask me to massage her before bed. I just did anything I could to help."

He was such a naive boy and I was starting to think there might be something more between him and Jo. I slightly spread my legs to give him a sight of the wet spot on my crotch between my legs and his eyes were locked on that spot, "You are good at this game. Have you ever slept with a girl or woman?"

I wanted to know about whether Jo had sex with him as it was unlikely he would have slept with any normal girl. He replied and shocked me, "I use to sleep with Aunty Jo on my sleepovers. But no one else."

He was a bit naive and maybe misunderstood the question, "Have you had sex with any girl or with your aunty Jo?"

He replied, "No. I have never. We would just sleep in the same bed."

He was a blank canvas and I could mould him to my needs, "Good boy. I know the sofa is uncomfortable. You can sleep in my bed tonight like one of your sleep overs. I wanted to tell you before but you rushed off. If you stay you can sleep in my bed from now on."

His cock twitched and throbbed like never before at hearing this but his eyes remained on my thong. The wet spot was growing and this nerd was turning me on. He said, "Thank you so much. I promise to be quiet and stay on my side."
