 I had been away on a last minute business trip for a few weeks. It was not a pleasant time, both due to work which went badly but more so because of what happened the day before I left.

Gypsy had made a mistake of note. No, not a mistake. She had known what she was doing. She knew I had been mad, crazy angry when I left. I knew I was justified and was quite frankly disgusted at her behaviour.

She had probably been scared of what I might be capable of doing. She knows my incredible temper, but her friend, during a worrisome phone call, had told me Gypsy thought I wouldn't be back again and that I had gone for good and would be mad at her forever.

Well I wasn't gone, I was back! I knew Gypsy had to be taught a lesson, so I went around to her place letting myself in with the key I still had.

As I came in she let out a shout and ran from me up the hall and in to the bedroom locking the door. I kicked the door forcing it open and found her looking at me, scared, wide eyed and shocked.

I walked in and turning her around a little roughly, I stood behind her, brought her hair from in front of her shoulders and left it lay down her back. 

She has always had the most beautiful jet black lustrous hair. Recently she had added some electric blue and purple highlights which lay under the top layer of the shiny blackness so that they appeared and vanished, catching the eye. Not that Gypsy wasn't eye catching in general. 

With her neck bare and my hands firmly on her shoulders I bent down and kissed her below her ear lobe. 

Leaning across I paid attention to the other side of her neck. 

"Please don't," she said, imploring me to stop. 

I didn't want to stop though, I was being selfish, I needed her. Actually no, I wanted her, I just wanted her for my own purposes, to teach her a lesson. So I continued kissing.

Sliding my hand from her shoulders I ran them down her front, sliding over her breasts, down to her belly. With my hands there I pulled her to me feeling her ass press against me,

"I'm not going to stop," I told her, a simple statement of fact. I didn't care what she wanted right now; this was about me teaching her a lesson.

Turning her around, I looked in to her eyes. She looked scared and almost imperceptibly shook her head, "Please don't," she repeated. "we can talk... I err..."

"Shut up," I said, not shouting but forceful enough for her to stop.

I reached for the top of her blouse and started to undo the buttons. Reaching the last one I slipped my hands inside by her waist and slid them up her body, relishing the warmth of her skin. Pushing slightly I slipped the blouse off of her shoulder where it went down her arms getting stuck at her elbows. She was not going to be cooperative in undressing but I didn't care.

Head bowed, she sniffed and was shaking slightly, she was not crying but seemed close to it. I didn't care.

Reaching around her, I slid the blouse down over her elbows and took a half step back. Admiring her physique, with the back of my hand I stroked a covered breast. Reaching behind I undid her bra and slid the straps down her arms. She shivered and sniffed again.

After pausing to look at her magnificent breasts, I reached down undoing the buckle on her belt and the button on her jeans. "No, stop, please" she said ever so quietly. 

Tugging at the zip on her jeans I pulled it all the way down. Sliding my hands inside I pushed the jeans away from her ass and kneeling, pulled them slowly to the floor.

Standing up, I saw a single tear rolled from her eye, down her cheek, until it got to her chin and dropped to the ground. I didn't care, she had to be taught. 

I slipped my hands inside her panties and kneeling down slid them to the floor. Looking up she turned her head away refusing to let me see her face. 

Leaning in I kissed the timed little patch of hair above her pussy.

"Don't, please don't," said softly, followed by a slight gasp indicating that she was now crying. I didn't care, she had to learn.

Sliding my hands up the back of her legs to her ass, I squeezed gently and pulled her to me so that I could kiss the tops of her thighs, her waist and trace my tongue around her midriff.

Turning her around I kissed each ass cheek, more a caress with the lips than a kiss. I then planted a kiss at the base of her spine al the top of the cleft between her ass cheeks.

She sobbed quietly. I didn't care, I would show her and there was a lesson to teach here.

Standing up, I ran my hands up her body until they rested on her breasts where I delicately squeezed and massaged them. 

Pulling her back again, feeling that, delicious now naked ass pressing firmly against me again. 

Bunching her hair around the back of her neck again I kissed her neck, tracing my tongue around in small patterns while she shook softly crying with quiet sobs. I didn't care, she would learn.

Pushing her slowly on to the bed she lay on her back, legs draped over the side and raised an arm across her face as she cried a little louder, her body shaking slightly with each sob. I didn't enjoy seeing her cry, but I didn't care. "Please stop... Please," she said softly between sobs. 

I wasn't going to stop, she had to learn my taking her right now was making a point that had to be made, that her self-pitying tears would do nothing to change my mind.

Grasping a foot, I raised her leg and kissed the scar on her ankle, kissed the side of her calf and stroked from her thigh down and up again. Placing it on the floor I did the same with the other leg feeling her shaking from her crying, louder with far heavier sobs.

Putting her leg down I placed my hand on the inside of her thighs and slowly parted her legs. Leaning in I kissed the inside of her legs. "Nooooooo," softly pleading me to stop. But I didn't care, I would not stop, she had to learn, this would be a lesson for her to remember.

Reaching her peach of a pussy I caressed and nibbled using only my lips on hers. She was wet, so it wasn't all that bad for her, she was turned on despite herself. 

Slowly I tongued her lips, slipping between them, subtly licking around them while she continued to cry.

Standing up I pulled of my t-shirt, kicked of my shoes and dropped my jeans and boxer shorts. 

I shifted her up the bed with her shaking her head slowly, sobbing and telling me "noooo" again in a soft voice.

Climbing on to the bed I propped myself over her, leaning down to kiss her. She turned her face away from me so with one hand I turned it back and kissed her on the lips, her sobs continuing, her lips almost totally unresponsive. I kissed her cheeks and her forehead.

Reaching down I grasped my shaft and guided it in to her eliciting a gasping sob, her head shaking from side to side refusing to believe what was happening to her. I didn't care, she deserved it.

Slowly thrusting in and out of her, she cried out, a plaintive wail, her hands gripping the bedding bunching it in her fists.

The tears rolling down her face, mumbling "nooo," "stop" "please" I quickened the speed of my thrusts. I wasn't going to stop, she had to learn and this was one of the ways I would teach her.

I felt her squirming below me; I knew I would make her come. I understand the way she moves and know what her movements mean. Tears or no tears she would come soon.

The sobs starting to mix with other groans and still she shook her head, eyes shut tight but not tight enough to stop the tears, she just wasn't accepting what was happening, I was going to make her accept it though.

I felt the first shudder of her impending orgasm below me as I quickened the pace until shaking from both sobs and orgasm she let out a cry, almost a cry for help, a cry for everything to stop, a cry of self-pity. 

I slowed to a stop and withdrew from her. She curled up in to a foetal position, quietly crying. Pulling the quilt over us I draped and arm over her and spooned with her.

"Why did you do that?" She asked quietly.

"To show you," I responded, "to prove to you that you were wrong, to show you I was back to normal, to prove I had the power to get over it. Power over my temper with you." Nuzzling in to her hair and kissing he neck through it, I continued. "You were wrong, I'm no walk over, I will not allow you to treat me like you did without getting mad at you. But there is a limit."

The sobbing subsided.

"I make the rules about me," I said. "What made you so presumptuous that you thought I would turn my back on you? Why would you think I would go away without another word? Yes you were wrong and yes you made me angry but I went away at the last minute on business. I didn't want to go away forever, I never considered it. I just didn't call because I was mad at you."

She turned to face me, her eyes red but no longer crying.

Stroking her cheek with the back of my hand I told her, "you are my friend, all we did was fall out, yes I was mad at you, but you mean everything to me you twisted, beautiful, crazy lady. Of course I came back, you think I could hold a grudge against you for ever?" 

She looked at me with those deep brown soulful eyes and gradually her mouth turned to a smile. "I thought you would never forgive me. I didn't see how you could. I'm so sorry."

"I may not be so forgiving if anything like that happens again. You might get a spanking," I said with a mock sternness on my face. 

Pulling her towards me I held her tight as she started to softly sob again. 

"I'm so sorry," she said crying, "I thought you were gone, I hated what I had done, I just couldn't call you, I wanted to but thought you would never speak to me again."

"Shhhhh," I said holding her.

Twisted, crazy, infuriating, bewildering but ultimately the single most incredible creature, of course I would forgive her.

We slept in each other's arms and all was good once again.