 Chapter 1

Waking up he rolls over and gives her a kiss on the top of her head. Getting up Kyle goes to the bathroom brushing his teeth and washing up. Then something they figured out after a short time was on the weekends Natalie loved to sleep in and he would wake up early and when he did he would treat her, make her breakfast and tea in bed. Every time he did this it made her feel special and she always wanted to show him just how much.

Saturday morning started like a normal weekend with Kyle waking up early. Going to the kitchen and began to make Natalie her breakfast in bed. Today though he planned to make breakfast special for her. He made her the usual tea with a slice of lemon/orange and ginger sweetened with honey. What would be different with this breakfast was he had made an effort to find the ingredients to make her a breakfast similar to the ones she would have every day back in Kiev before she came to Canada. Caviar/raw fish and salted butter on bread with sliced gourmet cheese. To top it off and make it even a bit more special and show her he really appreciated her he found a small vase and put a single red rose in it. All nicely displayed on a serving tray.

He could hear Natalie begin to wake up so he warmed a cloth and putting in a bowl on the tray and proceeded to enter the bedroom. Natalie's eyes barely open could smell the tea and then when she seen the tray with her traditional breakfast she smiled and felt very special. 

"Good morning My Love How was your sleep?"

"Good morning My Love, I slept well, what is this?" 

Natalie began to sit up in bed and Kyle lowered the tray to her waiting lap. Her naked breast now exposed as she sat up. Kyle couldn't help but look at them and then into her eyes she knew what he was looking at and she didn't mind it made her feel sexy and beautiful. With this breakfast it also made her feel very special. Natalie actual felt like the things she did for Kyle were worth it now. It wasn't a lot but it meant a lot to her.

"Here, this is so you can refresh yourself from the sleep without having to get up." 

As he passes the warm wet cloth from the bowl for her to wash her face. The warmth felt great on her face and as the water evaporated from her silky skin it felt cool and refreshing. Smiling she hands the cloth. Leans forward and takes the tea first.  

"Mmmmm, My love this is so great, thank you!"

"You're welcome my love, it isn't much but it's my way of saying you are special to me."

"I'll be right back." 

He goes back to the kitchen and grabs his tea and returns to the bedroom. As he enters the room the view of her sitting there with the tray on her lap and her naked breast made him think of the memories he thought of when they were apart and how her naked body and the image in his mind was such a turn on. Now with her sitting there with her breast gently resting on the edge of the tray moving back and forth as she would lean forward to drink her tea or take a bite of food. 

Kyle sat on the edge of the bed and as he did he notice from when he had first placed the tray to his return her nipples had become hard and were visible pointing out. This excited him and made him stare for maybe a bit longer then he should have.

"Hmmmm, hmmmm, do you like what you see?"

That's when he realized he had been staring at her tits a bit too long.

Kyle sat beside her on the edge of the bed and he had a full view of how firm she was. When he asked her if she was ready for the party she said she wasn't sure just yet. But inside of her, she was feeling a desire to just reach over and start making love to him. Yet she continued to talk while eating and drinking her tea. She wanted to abandon her good girl and just let her wild and sexy self out. She had not shown him that side of her just yet, keeping it hid deep inside but every now and again she found it harder and harder to keep it from him. Her trust and excitement to make wild passionate sex with him was getting easier and easier as he learned what she liked and what she did not. He was a good lover and showed he cared very much for her. She loved that he wanted to make her feel special and to do what made her feel sexy. He loved when they made love and her wild primal sexual side would start to show. He hoped that one day she would let it go and just make love to him in the way nature made it for them to be. 

"Sorry, my love but I couldn't help but notice your nipples were hard and aroused."

She smiled, inside she was excited he had noticed. 

"Oh, the cool air is all."

Yet inside she could feel her pussy becoming warm and a tingly feeling run from her nipple straight to her clit every time she leaned forward to take a drink of tea or food. She didn't want him to know that she was getting turned on though.

"So what are the plans for today?"

"Well I thought we would, have breakfast and then we could get dressed, go do some shopping because tonight we have the party and we were asked to bring a snack. So I thought we could make some finger sandwiches rather than junk food."

"Ok, what's it like outside?"

"Not sure, haven't looked yet but when I was making breakfast the sun seemed to be shining bright."

Natalie was finishing her breakfast in bed and Kyle came over and took the tray from her and left the room. She was grateful he left with the tray because the trays caressing of her breast and his starring at her naked breast had turned her on. It was a good way to wake up she thought.

When he came back in he walked up behind her and wrapped his arms around her and kissed the top of her head and gently cupped her breast in his hands for a brief moment. As his palms lifted from her breast his fingertips ever so gently ran across her nipples sending an electric pulse straight to her clit. Which in turn sent a goose bump shock wave over her body. Making her actually shake involuntarily. 

"Are you cold my love you just shook like you where cold?"

"Yah, maybe it was a cool breeze or something."

She didn't want him to know he had just sent a primal sexual shock wave through her body. 

Walking over to underwear drawer she didn't even have to think about it. She reached in and pulled out the sexiest thong she had and with a quick look to make sure he could see which ones she was wearing she began to put them on.

To get his attention to make sure he noticed. "Honey, what time do you want to get going?"

Kyle looked over to answer her and she was facing with her back towards him and she was bent over with a clear view of her pussy as she slid her thong up and over her thighs and hips to put them on. She knew he seen what she was wearing and also seen her pussy. Knowing that this was a major turn on for him but he couldn't do anything about it because they were getting ready to leave. Next, she took out her black bra to match her black thong. Putting it on.

"If we leave her by 10, we can also go by and buy some champagne and wine to bring with us."

Making him turn to see her with the sexy lingerie that she knew was a major turn on for him. Now he knew what she was wearing. She could get dressed. It wasn't her intention to be mean it was her way of building on the already sexual primal urge that had started with the breakfast tray.

It was a beautiful day out and she wanted to wear something fresh. She had just bought this new shirt and shorts and with her runners, it would be comfortable for shopping and being on her feet all day. Not playing her out before the party in the evening.

Kyle was coming back into the room from doing the dishes and cleaning up from breakfast. Natalie had laid out what she thought would be nice for him to wear and kind of go with what she was wearing as well. Not match just similar in shorts and shirt. 

"Thanks, love."

He took his robe off and she could see his naked penis wiggle as he put on his shorts. She was glad he didn't catch her looking. As she walked by him on the way to the bathroom she let her hand glide across his body and over his penis, gently squeezing it. Kyle thought she squeezed but it was subtle enough that he couldn't tell but it felt good.

"What else do we need while we are out?"

Natalie thought for a bit and she thought about it for a bit.

"We are going to need some more honey, tea, and something for dinner. I think maybe I will make a list."

"Sounds, good. You know what my memory is like." Laughing.

Natalie wrote out a list of things they would need doing a mental inventory of everything and thinking in her mind what she was going to need to make dinner. 

Chapter 2

Walking out to the car hand in hand they were noticing the beautiful day. Being warm enough to wear their shorts and no jackets. Ah, this is much better than winter. Kyle also liked it because the new shorts showed of Natalie's beautiful ass just perfect. Natalie didn't think so. She was conservative for the most part being raised in Ukraine under the Russian rule when sex was pretty much something people knew happened but never spoke about. Even masturbation was taught to be bad. Natalie knew Kyle thought she was beautiful because he told her every day how beautiful he thought she was and how she was the most beautiful woman in the world to him. But she didn't see it that way, dressed to hide what she thought were her flaws, thinking her breast were not big enough, that she had too many wrinkles, that she was too old. All of which she perceived as bad. Yet Kyle thought she had an amazing ass and he loved her breast and her nipples were perfect. To him she was perfect.

Kyle, on the other hand, was a bit rough around the edges and needed a feminine touch to refine his style and get his fashion sense back on track. Getting him to think there was more to clothes than a pair of jeans and a t-shirt. At one time in his life it mattered but over the years he lost touch with his fashion sense.

Today they looked stylish and ready for such a beautiful day. Thanks to Natalie's wonderful choices.

Kyle opens the car door for Natalie and as she got in he allowed his hand to glide across her body. She liked how the gentle touch felt as she lowered herself on to the seat how his hand felt touching her. Her thoughts went back to a time when he didn't know his own strength and he would almost tear her skin off and think he was being gentle. Now he knows how to touch her and she really enjoys it.

Getting into the car Natalie looks over at Kyle and she thinks how sexy he is and how things have gotten so much better now that they are together all the time now. Living apart was a challenge but their love is strong and they had great communication. They talked about everything. Honesty, Trust, and Respect were key. 

"The traffic isn't that bad yet. I'm glad we left when we did."

"Ya, hopefully, the store is not busy. But before we go buy the groceries, my love, can we go to the mall there are few things I would like to look at first."

"Sure my love."

While driving Natalie put her hand on Kyles lap and her fingertips were gently rubbing his penis as they would bounce over bumps. She put her hand in just the right spot so he wouldn't notice she wanted to touch him but not be too obvious. Her hand was perfect. He liked how it felt, with her hand on his thigh. 

Walking into the mall he was curious what it was she was looking for but he knew that if she asked it was because she needed something and when she was looking for something she didn't quit until it was exactly what she was looking for. 

Natalie went into one store then another looked and then kept moving she was on a mission and Kyle knew he had better stay close or be left behind. Finally, after being in and out of a few stores he asked her.

"What is it you're looking for my love?"

"I need something new and I need something that is different then what I have right now. I know you like it but I need something different. I want something that makes me feel sexy and something will make you go wild when you see it. I don't know exactly what it is but when I see it I will know."

"Ok."

They went into specialty store after specialty store. Then finally in this one store, she found something that caught her eye. It was a fluorescent lime green thong and bra. Lace on the front and silk fabric everywhere else. She asked if she could try a fitting room because now she wanted to make sure she got the right fit. A few minutes later she came out and spoke with the sales clerk and then went back to the change room. Kyle was waiting outside. The sales clerk went around the store collecting a few items and then went to the back. It seemed like forever for Kyle but in actual fact, it was only about 15 minutes. Natalie came back out went to the counter and paid for the items the girl had under the counter. Kyle couldn't see what it was. But he had an idea. Curiosity... she knew that was one of his weaknesses and it would drive him nuts. Next, she took his hand and led him to a sex store. In the sex store, they looked and somethings together and she wanted to look at something they may be able to add to their sex life that would add a little something different. They decided to start on the low key side and got some foreplay dice, some sexual suggestion cards, and some a couple role play costumes. With a bit of smile on Kyles' face, he was very curious now.

It wasn't until they got back to the car that Kyle notice that Natalie wasn't wearing her bra anymore. He only noticed because now Natalie's nipples were poking out of the fabric of her shirt. He made a mental note of that. 

Kyle was having a hard time not springing a boner in his shorts as they drove over to the groceries store, with the thought of the sex store, the lingerie, and now no bra. Hmmmmm, what was she trying to do to him he thought.

Parking at the store Kyle walked around to let Natalie get out of the car. When she leaned forward her top fell forward enough for his height to see straight down and see that yup she had taken off her bra and her nipples were hard from the fabric caressing them. He wasn't sure if she did that on purpose or not but he wanted to get a better look and he couldn't wait for the next opportunity to sneak a look. Natalie caught his glance and just smiled. As she was getting out of the car she put her hand forward and it touches Kyle and she could feel that he was getting firm already. 

They went into the store and Kyle got a cart. They were going up and down the aisle. Natalie was looking at her list. Filling the cart. But Kyle noticed that there were items in the cart that they wouldn't normally buy.

"Honey why are we getting this chocolate sauce?"

"Oh, that is something we will need for tonight.?

Kyle was thinking oh ok she is making something special for the party. So after that, he didn't question anything. They went down one aisle and Natalie was ahead of Kyle about 10 meters and she knew he was behind her and she bent over to tie her shoe, not like a one knee squat and tie, nope she was bent over at the waist and her ass was pointed right at Kyle. Man those new shorts didn't leave much to the imagination when she did that. Natalie cheeks where getting sore from the smile she was holding in, knowing that she was driving Kyle crazy. 

After that Kyle couldn't quit thinking about Natalie bending over and spreading her ass for him to see her pussy and how wet she was when they would make love. His imagination puts the image in his mind and he could feel the head of his penis getting warm... which meant his blood was flowing. 

In one isle Natalie asked Kyle to help her get something off of the top shelf and as he lowered his arm she somehow positioned herself so his arm came down rubbing over her breast and he could feel her firm nipple on the back of his triceps. She was killing him. 

Their cart was full of the usual fruits, veggies, tea, honey, ginger and their usual. But for some reason, it seemed like there we have extra's in the cart this time.

Loading the groceries into the back of the car. Natalie was bent over putting everything in and then the one time Kyle was getting an item off of the bottom of the cart opportunity presented itself and as he looked over Natalie was putting a bag near the back of the seat and her shirt was hanging about 12 cm from her body and her breast were fully exposed. It felt like a movie when everything went in slow motion and then spread up. Oh, that was a wonderful site he thought. Bringing over the last of the groceries. Kyle put in the back of the car and reached around Natalie and in a quick but gentle way he put his one hand on her pussy and another on a breast for a quick second and very gently. She liked how that felt. Firm but very gentle. 

Looking at the time the day seemed to disappear and they were running late somehow. 

"Wow, look at the time..."

"We are going to have to rush to get everything done and change to go to the party."

"Ok, I will bring in the groceries and you can start putting everything away."

"Good, idea love."

Natalie grabbed her 2 bags from the other stores and went into the house; Kyle loaded up with as many bags as he could carry in one go and headed in. Putting the first batch of bags on the floor and turned to go get the next bunch of bags. But he didn't see Natalie anywhere. Coming back with the last of the groceries he waddled like a penguin. Entering the kitchen Natalie had half of the stuff put away already. 

Chapter 3

She looks at Kyle and smiled.

"Honey, I put your clothes out for the party and if you can go get ready while I put the rest of this away that would be good."

Kyle walked up behind Natalie and pulled her close and let his hands cup her breast so he could feel her nipples. As he released her he let his one hand reach down and give her a firm but gentle squeeze of her pussy. She liked the feeling of his hands holding her breast and the firm hold of her pussy made her blood flow and she felt her pussy warm with his caresses. Tilting her head back so he could kiss her.

"Hey give me a kiss and go get dressed or we may not make it to the party on time."

"What are you saying? You want me...(laughing as he turns and leaves)"

"Just wait until later."

Turning as he leaves she watches him and is very thankful he didn't turn her around and kiss her because at that moment her pussy was warm swollen and wet. If he really would have pushed it they would have been naked in the kitchen though. 

Kyle came down in his blue dress pants with a designer short sleeve dress shirt. As he entered the kitchen Natalie was bent over and her ass up in the air pointing right at him and her shirt drooping down and giving him the perfect view of her breast and the way her ass framed her pussy in those shorts he just wanted to walk up and tear them off of her and bury his face in her pussy and taste her sweetness. Then she stood up and put the last of the groceries into the fridge she turns as Kyle walked into the kitchen. 

"Oh, you look good."

"Thanks, this beautiful wife of mine is amazing at knowing what I will good in. You should meet her sometime." (gentle laugh)

"Well, what would she think of me?"

"I think the two of you would be perfect for me..." 

Giving her a gentle spanking on her butt as she went by to go change. She knows he is watching her so she gives him a little bit of a sexy walk. Just as she left his view he saw her shirt come over her head and her bare skin. 

"Hey, I saw that."

Hears an audible laugh 

Natalie knew what she was doing to Kyle and she was feeling her primal sexual desires stirring in her own body. She couldn't wait until they got home from the party. She decided to change what she was going to wear and put on something that would drive Kyle completely horny. Knowing how much it turned him on when she wore stockings, so she took out her black stockings with her skin color thong panties, bra, and a garter belt. Over top, she put on her Red lace dress that came to her mid-thigh only covering just the tops of her stockings. She decided to leave her hair loose and free. Taking her perfume she gave a spray into the front of her panties and down the front of her dress, then as normal. She decided to wear her high heeled black thigh high boots to complete the sexy look. 
