 I gotta just say it. I like sex. Since my first time in high school, I just like sex. I like talking about it, I like thinking about it, I like doing it, and therein lays the problem.

Early in my marriage, I was going through some of the rough patches ---- the kind that all young couples go through in making their adjustments to one another. Our arguments had become so bad, my husband and I had separated temporarily. He had gone so far as to move out of the house to his own apartment while we sorted things out. The first thing that I felt was the sheer boredom of being home alone at night. Not only was I lonely, but I was horny as well. 

That it seems was a large part of our problem. I wanted sex far more than my husband did, and it was causing some heated arguments. But now, after a couple of weeks of being alone, I had gotten to the point where my own fingers were just was not all that exciting to me. 

We had moved to a neighborhood that where I felt isolated. I wasn't that familiar with my neighbors, but I had met the lady across the street, so one evening I decided to go across for something, anything to do, to take my mind off wanting to fuck. She was older than me, and had a daughter a little younger than I, and son who was near my age. He happened to be there this evening.

He had stopped by for some dinner after work, and was about to leave to cycle home. He was cute, so I tried to strike up a conversation. I was so bored; I did not want to go back home. He had a deck of cards on the counter, playing solitaire, and I asked if he knew how to play Hearts. "No," he said. "I'll show you, it's easy!"

We played a couple of hands, and then he said he had to get headed home. I asked if he would like to come over some evening and play hearts. "Sure," he said uncommittedly. "I'll let you know."

I went home alone again that night, but I had a different face in mind when I masturbated that evening.

The next day I asked his sister more about him, and somehow the conversation got around to cleaning his apartment as a surprise. She loaned me a spare key to his apartment, and my mind began to whirr. I just bet I could get rid of some of my horny urges.

I went over to his apartment while he was at college classes, and cleaned his apartment. During the time, I found a couple of Playboys, and immediately began thinking of a plan to rid myself of some of my current frustration... far better company, I was hoping, than my vibrator at home. 

I hurriedly cleaned the apartment, and then undressed in his bathroom. I found a clean dress shirt and a pair of knit swim trunks in his closet. I slipped them on, lay down upon his bed, waited for him to come home. 

When he first came in, he was a bit angry that I had broken into his apartment, even if it was to clean it.

"You know, Anna, I appreciate what you did, but you really should have asked."

He accepted my apology, as it was all in good intention, and we continued with a bit of small talk. He looked a bit pensive, then added, "You know, Anna, you're the talk of some of the neighborhood kids."

"Really?! Why?" I blushed slightly.

"You've been educating the young boys in the neighborhood. It seems that while retrieving their football from your yard, they got a wee bit distracted, when passing by your picture window."

"Why!? What was the problem?"

"Seems they have seen you screwing on the sofa with the curtains open."

I could feel my face redden, but I smiled at the thought. "I was busy," I said, "I didn't notice at the time. Did YOU ever peek through my window?" 

"Of course not, though at this moment... I think I'm beginning to regret it."

As he spoke, I slowly slid my hand along my thigh until it rested just above the bulging mound between my legs which was made more prominent by the tight knit swim trunks. I nonchalantly began lightly fingering the cloth. I caught his eyes tracing down towards my hand, then he saw that I had caught him staring. I made no attempt to move my hand; instead, I slid my hand slowly up to the top of the trunks, slipped my thumb under the top edge, and paused. I continued to carry on our conversation, but all the while I was observing his reactions to me. At this point, my horny side overwhelmed my sensible side.

While he was looking directly at me, I stretched the trunks slowly downward revealing more of my belly. I pulled them down just far enough to show a few dark curly hairs emerging just above the waistband. And there I paused. My heart was racing and it was getting hard to carry on a conversation.

"I love that couch," I added, as my fingers lightly brushed what lay beneath the trunks.

"The couch, or what was happening on the couch?" he laughed. "You know, you really shouldn't be wearing my swimming trunks."

"Do you want me to..."

"Take them off? Yeah, You really should take them off... about now would be good."

He smiled then made sure I saw him looking at my hand.

I swung my legs off the bed, stood up, and began slowly rolling the trunks down over my wide hips. When they had rolled down to my knees, he knelt down in front of me and helped me to step out of them. He made certain, however, that when the second leg stepped out, that he was positioned so as not allow my legs to come back together. 

So now I was standing, looking down at him, the tail of my shirt hiding what was now my bare ass. I was guessing from the few hairs that had peeked out from the swimming trunks, he knew there was a dark, hairy cunt there as well, which at this point, was at eye level -- only a few inches away from he mouth, hidden and separated from him by only by the tail of the blue oxford shirt.

Still kneeling in front of me, he handed me the swimming trunks. As I took them from his hand, he reached around me under the shirt and found my bare buttock. "Mmmm, nice," I thought. He gathered the other cheek in his left hand and squeezed them both.

"Just wanted to make sure you weren't wearing something else of mine under there," he said laughingly. 

"And what's the verdict?" I asked.

"Obviously, I had been missing out with the couch show," he said.

He began to softly massage my ass in large circles. I dropped the trunks to the floor, placed both hands lightly on his shoulders and closed my eyes while he massaged my ass. After a few moments, I lifted the shirttail upward revealing the thick curly growth of hair between my thighs. I had always been proud of my hairy cunt... the mass of abundant curly hair made my cunt look huge.

"Wouldn't want you to be disappointed." I laughed, "This is the only other thing I'm wearing."

"Was this what you were showing the boys on the couch? They said they could hear your pussy being pounded. You like it hard, huh?"

"They could hear me!? Oh I like it any way I can get it! " I giggled and though I didn't really care, I blushed slightly and wiggled my ass.

He was admiring my bulging dark cunt. My dark, long hairs were thick and curly over my entire pussy, my mounds were thick and fleshy, and there was a slight rosy pink color to the skin beneath the hair. My slit was closed tightly except at the top where it parted ever so slightly to reveal a tiny glimpse of my pink knobbed hood. 

"Damn! I'll be hanging outside your window every night from now on!" he remarked.

I responded by parting my thighs further, and thrusting my hairy bush towards him. My swelling hood barely emerged from my thick growth of hair. He leaned forward and kissed my slit softly at the point where the hood was emerging. I could only respond with a whimper and I placed my hands at the back of his head. 

"Are you hanging on, or pointing me in the right direction?"

"Pointing for now, hoping I need to hang on later," I laughed. "Kiss me again."

He parted my knees further, and I responded by pushing my hips forward towards his face. There was darker skin on my cunt mound, and it was less thickly covered than the upper part of my pussy, which was now bulging from between my thighs. He took one of my hands, and pressed my middle finger onto my closed slit. He began guiding it gently up and down into the slit until my pussy mounds parted slightly, at which point he pressed my finger into my own cunt. I shuddered. I could feel the wet warmth of my cunt's juice on our fingers. I could feel the heat of my cunt! I knew he was close enough now to smell the perfume of my pussy. 

He pushed my finger deeper inside of me, and then, encourages me to keep fingering my pussy while he reached between my thighs, beneath my cunt and spread my ass cheeks apart. I could feel him pressing a finger onto my asshole... not in it, but simply circling and pressing gently. He then slipped my finger out of my cunt and began sucking my cunt juice off. His tongue replaced my finger in my cunt, flicking and searching until he found the hard knob at my hoods tip.

I placed both of my hands behind his head again, and pressed his face into to my hairy mound. He glanced upward and saw I was watching with delight from between my tits at him burrow into my thick bush. 

The scent of my perfume mixed with my cunt's own scent and was wafting upward from where his head was pressed. I parted my thighs even more, and pushed my hips towards him. I could feel him tasting, licking, sucking my juice, fluttering upon my clit. He glanced upward again, and from between my breasts I could see an intense look in his eyes.

"You had better lie down on the bed because I plan on doing this for awhile." And he pushed me towards the bed, his head still burrowed between my thighs.

"Just how long do you plan on doing this?"

"Hours. I could eat your cunt for hours."

I moaned and opened my thighs wider.

Now that I was lying on the bed, he began spreading my juice around the inside of my cunt. Then, with one hand, he parted my ass cheeks, holding them open with his thumb and forefinger, while he began circling my anus rim with another finger, now dripping from my cunt juice. Occasionally he would dip back into my cunt for more of my wetness and then return to circling my rim, my puckered button involuntarily spasming with each circle. I reach down and began to familiarly rub my clit with my middle finger.

I could feel my cunt juice flowing down until it met his busy finger on my small brown rose button.

"Hold yourself open," he told me. Eagerly I parted my hair covered fleshy mounds, fully exposing my pink, thickened inner lips and what was now the open hole of my pussy. He seemed fixated on my deep, round, gaping hole, and sighed, "Damn, I'd like to crawl inside of you..."

I was so hot now. "Come on in!" I laughed. "You're welcome to try anything you see."

He pinched my inner lips between his thumbs and forefingers and slowly stretched them outward, opening my cunt wider still. "Butterfly wings!" he smiled.

The sensation of my inner lips being stretched caused me to spasm. I spread my legs wider and was now looking down wondering what he was going to do next. I enjoyed watching my self being fucked, so I grabbed a pillow from beside me, lifted my hips and slid the pillow beneath me so that I could better see him playing with my open hairy cunt. My inner lips no longer hid beneath the curly hairs, but were now swollen beyond her mound... lying pink, wet and inviting. He grabbed them both and gently stretched them outward as far as they would stretch.

"My beautiful butterfly!" I could feel his breath on my cunt as he said it. He released my "wings" and they fell limply onto my pussy.

Parting my mound again, he grabbed my inner lips again and stretched them even wider this time towards my spread thighs. My clit and hood stood erect now, and seeing it, he had an uncontrollable desire to taste me. Sensing this, I pushed my hips upward off the pillow towards his face. Then I looked at him and waited... my cunt spasming involuntarily, my juices trickling down to my ass.

He released my lips, and then pressed my ass cheeks apart. He did nothing for a moment, simply admiring my hairy cunt and my inner lips now lying upon the wet curly hair on my puffy mounds. 

"Unbutton the shirt. I want to see your tits. Then, I want to suck your clit until your nipples get hard," with that he pressed his face onto my wet, hairy cunt, parted my mound with his tongue. As I was unbuttoning the shirt, he began licking me, feeling for my clit.

I unbuttoned the last button, and my tits, while not huge, are nice sized globes. They fell toward the sides, their large brown areoles painting a target for my slightly hardened nipples, beginning to stand already erect. 

He gathered my hood and clit between his lips and began sucking and flipping my button-like clit with his tongue. I could only moan as he slid his hands up along my belly, and then cupped my tits in his hands.

I was torn between watching his hands on my tits, or his head between my thighs. He had increased the pace of his licking, and I made my choice, widening my thighs and then, I began slowly, seemingly automatically humping his face.

Lifting his head, he looked at me from between my tits and parted thighs — through a tuft of my bushy cunt hair and said, "This is much better than watching you fuck on the couch."

"Much!" I agreed, and pushed my cunt up towards his mouth. "Shut up and eat me!"

He smiled, and I grabbed his head with both hands and pressed him into my cunt. I did not realize until he mentioned it later, but my thick hair and fleshy lips were almost smothering him. He was obviously enjoying the taste and smell of me, and the wetness of my pussy juice covered his face.

He alternated between eating my cunt out hard while I was bucked my hips against his face, to then gently, slowly pulling my cunt hairs with my lips, all the while barely tracing the swollen inner lips with the tip of his tongue... breathing warm breath into my open hole. Between his tongue and my cunt's juices, his face and my pussy were drenched.

"You make me so hot!" I said as I continued humping his face. I could stand it no longer.

I pushed him onto his back, straddled his head and then lowered my cunt onto his mouth. I had lost control.

"Eat me. Eat my pussy!" I said, churning on his mouth, "Oh, lick it, eat it! Eat my pussy!!" 

I was intent on watching my cunt being devoured! I was staring down between my jiggling tits as I straddled his head. I began a fucking motion on his mouth, grinding my cunt on his mouth. With each grind, he would tongue my pussy deeply, while he watched my tits swinging above him. I had control over where his tongue and mouth were on me. At times, I pressed my hairy lips tight upon him, making it difficult for him to breathe. But I wanted to fuck.

Personally, I think he was enjoying the new view --- wide thighs on either side of his head, my tits rocking to my fucking motions. I became intense, and he could see it in my eyes while I directed my cunt's motion on his mouth. He could play with my tits, he could play with my ass and I could watch it all. At that moment, I was a happy woman.

I told him I wanted his cock in me, but he refused until I came. I did suddenly — violently, pressing my cunt onto his mouth. Moaning, I leaned forward and my tits swung an inch or so above him. My cunt shuddered on his face while I continued to grind against his mouth.

"God, I want you in me!" I growled, then slid backwards and undid his pants. I moistened his cock with my mouth (not that it was necessarily as wet as my pussy was). It was the least I could do for such a generous lover. I straddled his hips, and eased my wet pussy down onto his cock, guiding into my hole with my hand.

I began pumping my ass up and down hard and fast, occasionally pausing to grind my cunt around when his cock was pressed to the hilt and I needed a breather. My tits were bouncing wildly, and it had to be apparent I was enjoying watching myself fuck as well. Once I moaned displeasure at his cock slipping out of my hot, now insatiable hole. I quickly reinserted it and continued grinding away. 

I was enjoying watching us fuck. Just seeing his cock disappear into my patch of thick dark hair, and delighting at how my pink inner lips stretch outward when I was on the out-stroke. I lost myself in fucking, and began grunting animalistic-ally. I leaned over him, my tits swinging inches from face, and came again, this time thrusting, banging onto his cock, uncontrollably, as I stared intensely into his eyes. Now it would be his turn. 

Careful not to pull out of my cunt, he pushed his cock into me to the hilt, and then we rolled until I was on my back. I separated my legs further, while he held still, refusing to move. I begged for him to start moving, but he only smiled, and moved slowly and deliberately. He placed my ankles on his shoulders and grabbed my tits in his hands. While holding me like that, he pulled his cock slowly outward until only the head lay squeezed between my pink lips. I was afraid he was going to pull it out. He paused briefly... 

Then he whispered something softly; "I'm going to drive you into the ground." He said it in such a whisper, I did not understand, and asked him to repeat it. While squeezing my tits, he leaned forward, his cock barely in my pussy, and repeated, "I'm going to drive you into the ground." And sat back upright. 

Then, with no warning, he released the grip on my tits, grabbed my hips, and began banging my cunt with a furious attack! The slapping of my pussy, "plop, plop" echoed in the room, almost drowning out my moaning. My ass undulated with each thrust he made into my cunt, and my tits were jiggling on my chest like some beautiful Jell-O sculpture, all in cadence with our fucking motions.

Bang, bang. "Grab your ass and pull it open wider!" he said. Bang, bang. "Hold it open for me!" 

I was laughing, but with no hesitation, I grabbed my butt cheeks and stretched myself as wide as possible. 

Bang, Bang. He urged me again with "pull it open wider!" full well knowing that was probably not possible. Bang, bang.

"Just fuck me hard, pound me!" I countered laughingly. Bang, bang, plop plop.

He continued pounding my cunt until he came, shuddering, shoving himself deep into me, and pressing hard against my hairy hole. He continued reaming me in a circular motion, first one way, and then the other, while I was twisting my hips in an opposite circle. I had released my ass, and was now milking his cock with my cunt. What an exquisite sensation! 

He leaned forward and clutched both of my breasts, rocking against my ass all the while. It wasn't only my pussy that was wet now; we both were covered in sweat. I lay upon the bed panting heavily, trying to sync my breaths with his. 

"I want to try your couch out now," he said slowly fingering my wet cunt hairs. "And then your kitchen cabinet, your dining table, your backyard... "

I thought, what an adventure, but we never did. I soon went back with my husband and we moved away. But the memory of that day will always be with me, especially when I am in the throes of my pussy is being eaten.