 I was just typing the last sentence of the last paragraph of my English Literature paper for Uni. Done!

I wanted to curl up and go for a nice long nap, but alas, I had to be at work in 45 minutes. 

Shit!

Instead of getting ready like I should, I flicked through some of my old cosmo magazines. These girls were all so thin. I'm quite pretty with long dark hair and blue eyes, but I'm 4 sizes bigger than any of the stick thin models that everyone seems to love and idolise. I will never in my life be that shape. I mean I'm not huge but am quite a curvaceous size 16. But, c'est la vi I suppose.

I've not had a lot of suitors in my life either, save for a couple of duds and one borderline stalker.

The stalker is only a fresh memory for me. His name is Jake and he is in my ancient history class. Long story short, we flirted with each other for a while and went out on a few dates when one dark night he kissed. The initial brush of our lips was ok but seconds after that he had me pinned to a wall with his hand up my dress, trying to rip off my panties. I managed to get away from him by kneeing him in the groin and have tried to cut all ties with him since. 

I haven't pressed charges, heck, I haven't even told my parents what happened. I just want to put it behind me. Unfortunately, he still hasn't got the message and constantly phones, texts and comes around to my apartment in all hours of the night. He has also been telling everyone in Uni that I'm his girlfriend. My friends know what really happened and get him away from me whenever they can.

Anyway, my name is Ester Smith and as you can tell i'm halfway into my final year of higher education. Some refer to it as their senior year, some call it hell. However you want to word it, I can't wait for it to be over. At least, I couldn't wait... until now.

The fun started when I received a text message from a random number that I didn't recognise. All it read was "Are you coming tonight?" I thought that maybe it was Jake using another phone to try and get me to go out with him or one of my friends with a new number that I hadn't saved. I texted back asking who it was. The owner of the digits, as I promptly found out, was a guy called James. "Who the bloody hell is James?" I asked myself out loud.

Obviously he had the wrong number, so I didn't bother texting back. After ten minutes or so the number phoned me. I wanted to make sure this wasn't Jake trying to pull a sly one on me so I answered.

"Hello" I greeted in my nicest voice. 

"Hi, its James." 

"Hi," I said, "I think you have the wrong number." 

"Ohh. Sorry. Ahem. My dickhead mates do this to me all the time. They hack my phone and change their numbers so I look like an idiot when I try to call them... 

What's your name?". 

"Ester," I said with a little hitch in my voice. Damn he sounded hot! 

"Ester, thats a beautiful name." 

"I was named after my great great grandmother. Not sure why though. From all the stories I have heard, she was a little nuts." I said, slapping my forehead with my hand. Why the heck would I bother telling him that. 

James laughed a slow, husky, sexy laugh at this remark. "How old are you Ester?" "22 in a couple of weeks," I replied, "You?". 

"I just turned 22 last month. You have a really pretty voice." 

"Thanks," I giggled, "I like yours as well. Sorry to cut this short but I have to leave for work in 5 minutes, I had better get ready. It was nice to meet you, over the phone that is." I said, once again slapping my forehead after another stupid comment.  

"Can I call you again?" he asked. 

"If you like," I replied. 

"Oh, I think I would definitely like. Bye Ester." 

"Bye James," I said.

After he rang off, I thought about him all through my shift and well into the night. Who was this mystery guy? I hoped to hear from him again soon.

To my delight, I awoke to a text from James the very next morning. He wanted to know where I went to Uni and if we knew any of the same people. Our texts went from friendly to kind of flirtatious in only a couple of days. After only a week James asked if we could meet up.

I still wasn't sure if I was ready for that though and declined, deciding not to jump into anything too quickly. He could be a serial killer for all I know.

He kept telling me that I had a sexy voice and into the second week of our phone calls and messages he told me that I was all he could think about. He rang me on Wednesday and asked me to come to his best friends birthday party that was happening on Saturday, only a couple of streets away from me. 

I knew who's party that was! One of the guys that I used to go to high school with. He was on the footy team and was a real wanker if I remember correctly. But wait, his best mate was the most popular guy in school and was the captain of that footy team... James.

Ohh my god, I have been flirting with one of the most beautiful guys I have ever seen, and if memory serves, would not remember me from a grain of salt. Argh, what do I do? He had no idea who I was, just another nobody that had english class with him once a week for five whole years. I could hang up now and not take anymore of his calls. That could work? 

He snapped me out of my revelation, "Would you like to come with me? I promise I won't bite... Unless you want me too." That comment made me go a little weak in the knees. He had never said anything to me like that before. I realised that I can't stop talking to him, thats for sure.

"Can I tell you something? Its a little crazy and you might think I'm nuts, but ever since that first night I text you, I haven't been able to get you out of my head. You make me crazy" he paused, took a deep ragged breath and continued.

"I want you. I want to do things to you. I want to feel you and taste every inch of you. Damn I'm hard even saying this to you." 

I couldn't speak, no words would form. I was embarrassed, nervous and so turned on. "Ester" he said panicked "are you still there, have I freaked you out?" 

"I'm still here." I said with a small shaky voice. 

"Have I just fucked this all up?"

"No I... I know what you mean." I say, quite breathlessly. 

He groaned at that remark.

"Tell me where you are. I want to see you, hell I need to see you."

"Ester...". He said with such pleading in his voice.

"What if you don't like what you see." I said quietly.

He just laughed at that, which made me angry. "What if I don't like what I see then? Just because you were the most popular guy in high school, doesn't mean that I will automatically swoon over you. "Man, who did he think he was? What a jerk! I heard silence then... "How did you know I was popular Ester?" Ohh crap. " I... I just assumed you would have been, being so confident. Look I have to go, I have work. Bye."

"Ester, wait" I heard as I tapped the end call button. Man I just completely blew that with my overreacting. But why did he laugh when I said he didn't know me?

I went and had a cold shower (yeah, I was still thinking about what he had said to me) and went to work.

The next day I woke and got ready for a trip to the Library, which was something I did every Thursday.

It always feels like I'm home when I walk into a room full of books. Its my happy place. 

I started searching the isles for my next good read. I felt like someone watching me through the shelves. Man, I was freaking out. I went to put some books back on the shelf when two hands grabbed me around the waist and pushed me farther back into the isle, away from public view. It was Jake. He spun me around to face him and kissed me hard on the mouth while roughly grabbing my left breast. "Miss me baby?" he said after he broke the kiss.

"Get off me Jake, I don't want this. GET OFF ME!"

"You belong to me bitch, I will touch you whenever and wherever I want. Don't ever forget that Ester."

And with that he bent to kiss me again. I was about ready to scream when a pair of strong hands grabbed Jake around the neck and threw him into the bookshelves. He then picked Jake up by the scruff of the neck and punched him right in the face, knocking him out cold. I looked up to see what had happened and found James standing over a limp Jake. Pure hatred in his eyes.

After making sure he was not getting up anytime soon, James walked up to me. "Are you ok?" he asked.

All I could do was nod. I could feel the tears forming in my eyes. Don't you dare cry! He put his index finger under my chin and tilted my head up to meet his gaze. "Ester, are you ok?"

Wait, how did he know my name! How did he know who I was?

I composed myself, said thanks to my knight in shining armour and ran down the stairs to the girls toilets. Once I got there, I decided to bypass the toilets and head straight to my car and go home. I couldn't believe what Jake had just said and done. That was the scariest thing that has ever happened to me in my entire life. I turned into my driveway, locked my car and ran straight inside and bolted the door. I didn't feel safe enough, so I checked all the windows and doors to make sure they were secure and ran upstairs to my bedroom. Once in there, I broke down.

What the hell! Why would he do that? What did I do to make him think he owned me?

Another thought entered my mind. How did James know my name? 

Did he know who I was the whole time and was just having some fun at my expense?

As my head wrapped around this thought my phone began to ring, it was James.

I didn't know whether to answer or just let it go to message. But after I thought about what he just done for me, I answered.

"Hey," I said.

"Ohh my god Ester, you had me freaking out when I couldn't find you, are you OK?"

"Yes," I said quietly. "thanks to you."

"Who was that?"

"Just some guy I dated for a couple of weeks, he still doesn't get the message that I don't want anything to do with him."

"Where are you?"

"Home."

"Alone?"

"Yeah, sorry I just had to get out of there."

"After what I just saw him do, I don't think should be by yourself. I'm coming over, no excuses this time. Where do you live?"

I thought about it for a few seconds and new that I didn't want to be alone so I told him my address. 

"I'll be there in 15 minutes. I'm just going to swing by my place and pick up a few things. Be there soon."

"Thanks for this, I really appreciate it," I said as I hung up the phone.

I went and took a shower to wipe away the feel of Jake and 15 minutes later, on the dot, my doorbell rang. It was him. I opened the door, wearing my pyjama bottoms a singlet and wet hair. James stood at the door, looking at me with an anxious face. "Hi," I said, not meeting his gaze. "Come on in."

"Hi yourself, how are you feeling?" He answered, shutting and locking my front door after he entered.

"I'm fine, just a little rattled. I don't really know why Jake did that."

"He has something very wrong with him, he needs to get help. Did he hurt you?"

"No... I'm ok." I said, with tears stinging my eyes. "I'm sorry I never cry. I don't know whats wrong with me."

"You are in shock. What happened to you should have never happened in the first place. I wish I got there sooner. I'm sorry". he said with a sad tone. 

"If you hadn't been there when you were, who would have known what would have happened. I wouldn't have had the strength to stop him. You did. Thank you." And with that I wrapped my hands around his stomach and hugged him for the first time. He smelt like vanilla and peppermint. Two of my favourite things in the whole world. I wasn't eager to pull away and neither was he it seemed. 

We just stood there, neither breaking from the embrace.

I could feel James lower his head and inhale the scent of my hair as he kissed my forehead and pulled me closer. After a minute or two, I felt something digging into my stomach. 

Ohh my... he had a hard-on. 

I gave him a hard-on!! 

The most amazing man that I know is in my house, hugging me with an erection.

He pulled away from me, and I could tell that he was embarrassed. "I'm sorry, its just that I have been thinking about you, non-stop and I am finally touching you." He said, moving to the other side of the room.

I changed the subject "Would you like something to drink?" I ask. "I'm going to make some tea."

"Yes please, that would be great," he said, giving me an amazing smile.

I went into the kitchen, busying myself with the drinks. I came back to the living room to find him checking the security of the windows. The downstairs of my house is very airy and bright, with most of the windows not having curtains, to allow natural light to filter through and it made me uncomfortable, thinking someone could have been watching us with an unabashed view. "Would you mind coming up to my room? It has curtains that I can close, so I know no one can see in."

"Thats a good idea. You never know how far that guy is willing to take his fantasies."

I led the way to my bedroom and put the two cups of tea down on my bedside table. I turned around to find him directly behind me. "I have to ask, why didn't you want to go to that party with me?" He asked.

"I didn't want you to be disappointed when you found out that it was me you were spending all that time talking to." I said, while biting my bottom lip. "I knew it was you Ester. I knew a couple of days after we had started talking. I passed you and your friends chatting and recognised that beautiful voice when you laughed. I have had a crush on you for the past few months, and it blew my mind knowing that it was you I was having these amazing conversations with."

"Why didn't you say anything?" I asked.

"I thought you needed some time to open up to me."

A noise downstairs brought us back to the present and James went on edge. 

"It sounded like my cat coming inside through the cat door." I said with some certainty. 

"Wait here I'm just going to make sure. Don't move." And with that he bent down and softly brushed his lips against mine. "If anything happened, I wanted to do that at least once". He then smiled and headed out the bedroom door. Two minutes passed, and I heard him coming up the stairs, talking to someone. He opened the bedroom door with my fur ball of a cat under one arm. "This belong to you?" He laughed. "That's Eugene, my baby!" I said with a smile on my face. He dropped Eugene on his bed and closed the door.

I fiddled with my damp hair and put it into a messy bun. James was watching me and something in his expression changed from playful to hungry. He came towards me with a raw emotion. "You really are beautiful, do you know that?"

I blushed, "Thank you, you're not so bad yourself." He took another step towards me, and I took one back. I was now sandwiched between my writing desk and James.

"I know that you have had a rough day, but I need to kiss you so badly. I can't help myself". I just looked at him like a deer in the headlights, not knowing what to say, but wanting so much for him to make his move. His head lowered to meet my awaiting lips. The kiss was slow, soft and sweet. We stayed like that for a minute with him making love to my lips. I moaned a sigh into his mouth and in an instant he changed from tender to hungry. He deepened the kiss, pushing me closer to him. I felt his erection against my stomach once again, straining to be released. James kissed my neck while moving his hands up the side of my breasts. I arched forward involuntarily, needing him to continue touching me. His hands found the front of my breasts through my singlet. My nipples were so hard, getting even more puckered as he ran his thumb over them. He rolled my nipples between his thumb and index finger, pinching them softly. My god, I was on fire. 

He lifted me up to perch on the edge of the desk, spreading my knees apart with his thigh. I felt his hard-on pushing into the fabric of my shorts and panties, trying desperately to reach my pussy. This made me so wet, and I began to grind myself on his cock. A growl came from deep down in his throat as he started to push himself against me. A hand made its way up under my shirt and found the clasp of my bra. With one easy movement I felt it come free, and his hand easily pushed under the cup and made contact with my now naked nipple. Ohh god, it felt amazing. He broke free of our kiss and looked at me with such tenderness in his eyes. "Ester, I know this isn't the time but I have to tell you...I think I am falling in love with you". I couldn't believe what just came out of his mouth. I couldn't speak. Words wouldn't come to me. I pulled his lips back down to mine and kissed him for all I was worth. My hands made their way down to the front of his chest, slowly moving downwards. As I got closer to his throbbing cock, he inhaled sharply. My hand moved to stroke the length of him and may I say, it was quite a size. He stopped his onslaught of kisses and watched as I moved my hand up and down. After a few more jerks of my wrist James stopped me. "If you keep going like that, I'm gonna lose it sweetheart." 

He grabbed the hem of my shirt and pulled it up over my head and tore my already undone bra from my shoulders. I realised that I was now naked from the waist up. I tried to cover myself, but he grabbed my hands and pushed them away. "Don't you dare cover yourself from me".

With that he lifted me off the desk and onto the bed. Next he removed his shirt and laid on top of me. I could feel his hot skin on mine, crushing my tits under his torso. "God you make me so hard. I was being honest about that on the phone. Every time I spoke to you I had to wank myself off, just to get to sleep at night." 

His mouth made a trail of kisses from the start of my jaw to the rise of my breast, then finally, to my nipple. As he licked, sucked and bit his way around my tits, his hand moved to the top of my shorts, tugging them down the sides of my thighs. Once he had removed them I was left wearing only my black panties. He slid his hand down the front of my underwear, while still attacking my sensitive nipples with the other, but I stopped him before he could slide it any lower. 

"What was that?" I said, hearing a loud noise that sounded like glass shattering. 

"I don't know, stay here." He climbed off me and walked to the door. "I'm just going to check it out." 

I waited until he had closed the door behind him before I jumped off the bed and shoved my clothes back on. That was a loud bang we heard and I had no idea what had made it. I was suddenly very worried for James and his safety. It had been a good 5 minutes since he left me and now I was really worried.

Should I go down there? I thought to myself. Its probably nothing, just go down and check on him. 

I walked over to the door and turned the knob, peeking through the crack before pulling the door wide open. The coast was clear as I stood at the top of the stairs softly calling out his name. No answer.

I crept as quietly down the stairs as I could before stopping at the entrance to the kitchen. 

I found James on one side of the kitchen island while Jake was on the other side with one of my big kitchen knifes in his hand. Jake was facing away from me as I made the briefest of eye contact with James. He didn't want to give my position away so his eyes darted back to Jake.

"Why are you doing this mate? She isn't interested in you. Thats pretty obvious. Leave now before I hurt you!" said James, with wild fury in his eyes.

"How are you going to hurt me when you will be lying on the floor with a knife in your gut. Thats what I'm going to do with you when I catch you. Then I'm going to find my bitch and teach her a lesson about disrespecting me. I'm going to make her wish she never rejected me that night."

I heard every word Jake said. It scared me for sure, but it also brought out a strength in me that I didn't know I had. I was done being this guys victim. Done with the way he tried to own me and done with the verbal assaults he was spewing out. 
