 I had gone around to Gypsy's house as I hadn't heard from her for a couple of days. We both have keys for each other's houses so I had gone around to see what she thought of the stories I had sent her. I was only there for about 15 minutes when I heard her at the gate. I stood up eager to see her and ask what she thought as she came in.

"WHAT THE FUCK MAN! YOU'RE A FILTHY MINDED PIG, GIVE ME MY FUCKING KEYS! WOW, YOU HAVE PROBLEMS, ISSUES. YOU NEED HELP?"

This was not the reaction I expected.

I... errr... Oh did I come across that bad?

"BAD? I THOUGHT WE WERE FRIENDS! AND YOU LOOK AT ME THAT WAY, HAVE THOSE THOUGHTS ABOUT ME? WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU? YOU DISGUST ME!"

Distraught I pleaded "We are friends, I mean... I am your friend, haven't I proved that through the years... I'm sorry I..."

"Oh yeah you've proved you're a friend alright but only to get in my pants." The contempt obvious with every word.

"I never said that, I just asked you if you would read some stories and let me know what you think, you are my friend I was being open and honest with you I thought..."

The volume increased as she yelled "OPEN AND HONEST! WHAT THE FUCK! You claim to be my friend and write filth like that, what sort of asshole does that? No you didn't say you wanted in to my pants, but you thought it! So that's what it's always been, helping out with money, getting in with my folks, that's what it has always been about, so that one day you get in my pants, that's been your plan!"

"No, Gypsy listen..."

"No YOU listen, you're a pig, you disgust me, just get away from me, GO!"

"Gypsy I'm sorry, I didn't mean for..." 

"JUST GO!"

Up I got, my world shattered, I've done it, fucked up everything. Nothing can explain the misery I felt. Getting to my feet with a last pleading look on my face and nothing but hatred on hers I headed towards the door.

"What the fuck are you doing?" Not shouting but threatening and very angry.

"You told me to go" I said confused, broken and dejected.

"DID I SAY LEAVE THE FUCKING HOUSE, TO THE BEDROOM YOU IDIOT, THE BEDROOM!"

"huh" Wha..."

"Oh for fuck sake go... to... my... bedroom... Must I spell it out for you?"

I've never seen her like this. Oh I've seen her angry but never this furious. I'll do anything to put it right, I comply as ordered, go to her bedroom and sit on her bed.

"GET YOUR CLOTHES OFF YOU FILTHY PIG", she shouted from down the passageway.

"Gypsy I..."

"I SAID GET YOUR FUCKING CLOTHES OFF."

Now I don't know what is happening. Does she want to humiliate me, is she playing a game? Confused I get undressed and sit on the bed.

"ARE YOU UNDRESSED? YOU BETTER NOT BE ON MY BED" she shouted.

Leaping up, I went and stood in the corner of the room.

She walked in, in just her underwear, lovely lacy underwear, and stood there her hands on her hips and a furious look on her face. 

"So this is what you wanted to see is it?" she said.

"I... errr, I... Ahhh."

"For fuck sake, what? You have all the ideas on paper don't you? What's wrong now? Cat got your tongue?"

I didn't know what to say, but felt she only wanted to humiliate me. Whatever was firming up down below when she walked in deflated once again.

"So where's Mr Iron, Mr Wood for days now?" she said looking down at a distinctly flaccid part of my anatomy. "Where's Mr Stud?"

"Gypsy, please..."

"PLEASE WHAT, you want to demean me, make me do all those things, what do you think? That I am some kind of whore?" it's not so much fun now is it. Hey, IS IT?"

I didn't know what to say, I had reached some lows in the past, but this was the lowest, everything shattered, my friend, gone, I was only having some fun, adult fun yes, but I never wanted to hurt her, upset her... Lose her.

"Get it up!" she said

"I don't understand, what?"

"Get it up! Play with it! YOUR DICK DICKHEAD, get it up!

Dejected, totally lost I reached down and started to play with myself in a half-hearted fashion. I was totally at her mercy, I had to comply, I would do anything to have not had her seen my stories and to get her back to where she was when I wasn't just a filthy pig in her eyes.

"COME ON! harder faster, you're not going to achieve anything like that are you?"

Working harder, I felt myself firming up until I had something resembling an erection.

"That's it keep going?" she said with a tone of contempt on her face. And don't you make a fucking mess, I'll have you clean it up ya filthy pig"

Dear Lord, me coming was the last thing on my mind, it was just the body's basic reaction to stimulation that was keeping me hard. Turned on was the last thing I was.

Sticking her tongue out and licking her lips seductively, "is this what you want?" Turning around looking over her shoulder and lightly tapping her ass, "you want this? Is that what you want?

"Please Gypsy"

"Please WHAT? Please don't pick on you, Mr Strong n' silent. I thought you were a stud? That's how you write! So what the fuck is wrong with you now."

She pulled down the front of her panties displaying a little trimmed bush, "what about this? You think you can handle this? What makes you think you deserve it? DO you deserve it, DO YOU?"

"No"

"NO WHAT?"

"No Gypsy, No I don't." I said barely touching myself.

Walking over she slapped me hard across the face, a stinging blow, "I DIDN'T SAY STOP!" she shouted, "you keep tugging that thing." Standing mere inches away from where I was pumping myself almost touching her.

Licking her lips and opening her mouth in a porn star type of way she started groaning, "oh yeah baby, oh you're so big, oh yeah baby stick it in me, YOU LIKE THAT, HEY? THAT WHAT YOU WANT? WELL GUESS WHAT LOSER IT AINT' GONNA HAPPEN!"

Despite everything I was getting turned on now.

"PIG!" THWACK! Another slap to the face.

Lifting her bra above her breasts, "here you want these, what do you want to do with them, HEY! Cat got your tongue? You want these don't you? TELL ME YOU WANT TO PLAY WITH THEM!"

"Yes" quietly acknowledging that, yes I did want them but also somewhat ashamed of my current situation as I kept pumping.

"YES WHAT?"

"Yes Gypsy, I want to play with them" 

"PLAY WITH WHAT, I CAN'T HEAR YOU"

"I want to play with your tits Gypsy"

"WELL YOU FUCKING CAN'T."

Turning her back to me and bending over slightly so that her ass was being tapped by my hand at the top of each stroke.

"You want this ass don't you? You want it so bad! You want it all you filthy pig" reaching down and rubbing herself from behind with her hand. "TELL ME YOU WANT IT!"

"I want it Gypsy" I said more loudly than I expected. 

"Tell me how you want to kiss this ass"

"I want to kiss it all over Gypsy"

"WELL THIS ASS AIN'T YOURS AND WHAT YOU WANT DOESN'T MATTER!"

I let out an involuntary groan, pumping faster.

"WHAT'S THAT? YOU SAY SOMETHING? YOU LIKE THIS YOU SICK PERVERT?"

Her ass just inches away she bent all the way over and grabbed her ankles.

I couldn't hold on, with her in front of me like that and I came with a loud groan. Long thick strands over her and down her back, she didn't move, I couldn't help myself, I kept pumping and groaning and still she didn't move, until I was empty. 

Slowly she stood up, smiled at me, stroked my cheek and said, "Now that's a hot story!" then walking out in to the passage leaving me there spent and bewildered.

I put on my shorts and went out to find her in the kitchen still wiping the mess off of her back with a tea towel before throwing it in the washing machine. "What was that all about" I said.

"Well you did say you wanted some story ideas, as your friend I thought I'd give you inspiration, fancy a glass of wine?"

The relief at still having her as a friend was better than any sexual experience I had ever had, but looking at her there in her underwear, I didn't think it would be long until I would want to correct that. 

Sitting down with her pack against the arm of the sofa, legs stretched out in front of her and me probably looking a complete dork, she said...

"So here's the thing, if you want me to read this stuff and help you with your... shall we call it research," she said. "It has to be done on my terms."

"of... of... of course" I said stumbling and stuttering the words.

"O.K. If I'm your muse then there can be no one else. If there is, then I stop and you can ask whatever slut you are with to help you out, agreed?

"Agreed"

"Next, no wanking, no touching yourself unless I say you can. Understood? You'll come up with far better stuff with a full load... O.K? 

O.K.

"Obviously, this stays between us, you tell anyone, ANYONE and I will know. That guilty look of yours would tell me everything I need. 

"O.K."

"And get that stupid grin off your face, look at me that way when we are in company and we may as well tell the world about the filth between your ears."

I really couldn't help the grin, who in the world was a lucky as me right there and then?

"So tell me these story lines you have." She asked with a suspicious look.