 I didn't go into work Valentine's Day expecting to fall in love. Hell, I didn't go in that day expecting to get laid either for that matter! If I'd known, I probably would have at least taken the time to shave. But, you know how it works, these things just have a funny way of sneaking up on you.

Yeah, yeah... I'd had something of a crush on Carla for a long time. I don't think that was a secret to anyone but her! Of course, it helped that she was the only other person working at the library even remotely in my age group! We'd gone to high school, known each other for years. I'm sure every guy out there knows the story.

The only problem was that Carla was all business. She was a gorgeous girl, don't get me wrong, a sexy brunette Cuban-American girl with curves in all the right places. But she always had her nose in one book or another, and didn't have much of a personal life. For all I knew, we were "just friends" (a phrase that no doubt sends a shiver down every man's spine upon hearing) and she just wasn't interested in sex at all!

Well that illusion was completely shattered on that Valentine's Day when I came into work and saw Carla sitting behind her desk with a brand new haircut. It was cut very short and close cropped. I've always had something of a thing for short hair, so I was really excited to see how she looked with it.

"Oh," I said, trying hard to hide my surprise, "Hi Carla! You're here pretty early."

"Yeah," she smiled, still sitting behind her desk, "Wanted to come in nice and early."

"I think we're the only ones here," I said, chuckling half-heartedly.

"Yeah," she replied, "Alice and Linda won't be in for another hour yet, but we don't open till 10 so it's not a problem."

And then she smiled, running her hands through her short auburn hair.

"So," she said smiling, "What do you think of the new haircut?"

I looked over at her.

"Well I... umm... like it," I finally managed to blurt out.

"You just like it," she asked, as she stood up and made her way over towards my desk, "Because I thought you might have a little more to say about it than just 'liking' it. I mean, I saw the way you were oogling Natalie Portman..."

She came over and sat down, cross legged, on top of my desk. I could see that she was wearing sleek black stockings and high heels. She really had come into work dressed for seduction that day! She smiled as she noticed my eyes going up and down along her sexy, well-toned legs.

"I thought you'd never notice," she said.

"I... umm... wow," was all I could manage to get out before Carla leaned forward and kiss me.

I didn't need any encouragement. I began to passionately embrace her, our tongues wrapped around each other's like fighting serpents. I stood up as I continued to kiss her, my arms sliding down across her sexy Latin body. As we made out, I brought my hand down to her ass and squeezed, eliciting a delightful squeal of pleasure from her. Carla had a nice, big ass, and I had wanted to grope it for years! Now I had finally gotten my chance, and damn it, it was well worth the effort!

Still locked in embrace, Carla spread hiked up her skirt and spread her legs, letting my move my hand between her shapely thighs. Her panties were soaking wet. As I ran my fingers through Carla's short, short hair, she leaned back on the desk, eventually laying there on her back, practically begging me to fuck her.

Breaking off the kiss, I looked down at my sexy co-worker.

"Do it," she whispered, sweaty and almost out of breath "Go ahead and fuck me right here on your desk!"

The words had hardly left her lips before I unzipped my pants and let them fall to the floor. My boxers soon followed, letting my now rock hard cock pop out. Carla stared at my manhood, seductively licking her lips at the sight. While I unbuttoned my shirt and tossed it across the room, Carla quickly slipped out of her jacket and blouse. She was wearing a lacey black bra underneath it all, but it wasn't much longer before I tore that off her, exposing her ripe full tits.

I could tell she was getting excited by the whole situation. I excitedly cupped her breasts, leaning forward and pinching her dark brown nipples. They seemed surprisingly sensitive given her reaction, so I decided to suckle on them to provide a bit of foreplay. Carla threw her head back and began to moan as I went wild on her tits.

As my sexy Hispanic co-worker writhed around beneath me, I reached down between her legs and pulled down her panties. They were absolutely soaked, and I began to play with her, working first one, then two, and then finally three fingers into her waiting cunt. I could feel Carla bucking as I toyed with her most sensitive parts.

But the whole thing was beginning to become too much for me. I just had to fuck her! Pulling back from her, I spread her legs and positioned myself between them. Carla looked up at me and smiled. Excited by the sight laid out before me, I slowly thrust the tip of my rock hard cock into her juicy pussy. Slowly, I began to build up a tempo, thrusting in and out of her like a jackhammer.

"Ohhh.... Yeah.... Ohhh... yeah...," she moaned out.

Carla reached up and dragged her nails across my back. I could tell she drew a little blood, but honestly, I didn't really care then. I was too far gone in the heat of passion. I looked down and saw Carla, her body soaked in a layer of sweat. I firmly took hold of her juicy breasts and squeezed them as I continued to fuck her. In response, Carla squeezed her thighs around me. Damn did that feel good!

Soon, I felt that all too familiar release come over me, and I shot load after load of my hot sticky cum deep into her womb. I stopped briefly for a moment to catch my breath, smiled at her, and then pulled out. A sticky trail of our mixed juices leaked out of her gaping pussy and splattered onto my desk. I still haven't managed to clean that stain!

"Wow," I said, "I..."

"Wasn't expecting that," she replied, finishing my sentence for me.

"Umm....," I responded, "Yeah, actually...."

"Yeah," Carla said as she struggled to put her blouse back on, "Neither was I. You know, I'd had a crush on you for years, but I'd always been too afraid to act on it, you know?"

"I've felt the same way," I said, picking my clothes up off the floor.

"Well then," Carla replied, "Aren't you glad I finally decided to make the first move."

"Yeah," I said, "I think Valentine's Day worked out pretty well for me this year."

Carla just chuckled.

"Just one question though," I said, now mostly dressed, "What changed your mind..."

"To be honest," Carla replied, "I don't know. I think it might have been the haircut.... I know it sounds silly, but I think it finally gave me the confidence to take the first step."

"Well it is a pretty sexy haircut," I said as I walked up to her.

I looked deep into Carla's brown eyes as I ran my fingers through that short hair of hers. We wound up having sex again that day, before the library opened. And then again later in the day, in the break room, in the bath room, even in the stacks. I'm amazed we somehow managed to avoid getting caught. And that night, we went out for Cuban food (yes, I ate Cuban in more than one way that night), dancing, and more sex at her apartment....

Valentine's Day worked out very nicely for me that year.