 - Part 1 -

Sally and I were invited out to a Murder mystery party last Saturday night. There were 12 of us there and we had to dress up in a variety of roles. Sally had to play the part of a film actress, very snobby and very beautiful. I played the part of a racing driver. As it turned out I was to be the murderer! Sally like most women found it difficult to know what to wear. Firstly she opted for a long black dress with black stockings and black high heels. She walked into the living room with a sultry actress look on her face. I was sat on the low sofa chair watching television when she walked up to me and taking the hem of her dress slowly lifted it to show the black stocking legs, the pink band of flesh at the top of her thigh and finally the soft black material of her panties. Resting her hands on my shoulders, she stood on the chair and slipped her dress over my head. I was encased in black, Sally's panty covered cunt inches from my face. I could smell her ripe cunt, and could already sense a patch of moisture developing in front of me. 

With one hand I slid my hand around the back of her thighs, caressing the backs of her nylon-covered legs. I forced my fingers under the back of her panties and found the tight sweet opening of her ass. Sally's jerked forward as my finger entered the tight hole. My wet tongue lapped at the silk gusset of her panties. With my other hand I reached into my pants and started to wank my now stiff cock. I slowly pushed my finger deeper and deeper. I could hear Sally start to moan as she always does when she starts to cum. By now her black panties were soaked with my saliva, and it was easy to rub the tip of my tongue against her clit. Sally pressed my skirt-covered head against her cunt and started to tremble. I had to hold tight to her ass as she nearly fell off the chair. As she came to orgasm, I could hold on no longer, My cock spurted the white liquid all over the back of her dress. Gently, I slid my finger out of her ass and lifting her dress for air, I laid her on the sofa.

Sally sat up and twisted to look at her dress.

"Shit!" she exclaimed, "you've got spunk all over my dress, now I'll have to change".

And with that she dashed upstairs. I also made my way upstairs. I had bought a cheap overall that day and undressing, put on a black g-string that went well with my tanned skin and then the thin overall. It felt weird as I actually felt quite naked. Sally came into the bedroom wearing a low back orange evening dress with light tan high-heeled shoes.

"Very nice she said," and with that she fondled my balls and cock through the paper like material. "I'd like to rip it off now, but the taxi will be here in a few minutes."

- Part 2 -

We had a pretty good time at the party. We all went heavily into our roles, which was great for me as my character liked his alcohol. Sally pretended not to know me, but every time she passed me, she would quickly fondle my cock or rub my ass on passing. It was a good job that my outfit was quite baggy as it could have been very embarrassing! It turned out that I was the murderer, but nobody caught me. At about midnight we caught a taxi and headed home.

As we walked through the door, I pushed Sally against the wall and pressed my stiff cock up against her. I reached around behind her and slowly rubbed her velvet buttocks. Sally reached around and grabbed my own tight buttocks, sticking her fingers into my muscles through the minimum protection of the suit I was wearing. We made our way up to the bedroom, where Sally told me to stand. She unzipped the suit and eased it down over my chest, arms and then legs. Kneeling in front of me, she grabbed the side of my G-string and lowered it to the floor. Within seconds I was naked. The exhibitionist in me took over. I suggested she took pictures of me. Sally turned to the chest of drawers and took out our digital camera. I lay back on the bed, my hand taking hold of my cock. Sally stood at the end of the bed and took two ordinary pictures as well as one close up. 

Now it was my turn. I told Sally to lay on the bed, bring her knees up and spread her knees. Sally did so, and lifted the hem of her dress. She was wearing flesh-coloured stockings, but no panties. Her pussy lips glistened. I took a quick picture, and then Sally started to play with her clit. I took a few more. After a few minutes I asked Sally to turn over, doggy style. My first shot was a beautiful picture of her in her orange dress, the tight thick velvet clinging to her buttocks. Slowly she slid the dress up her nylon legs and flicked it over her back. I took a few photos of her naked ass and then asked her to turn once more onto her back. Lying next to her I put my lips to her mouth and prised my tongue between her moist lips. With my left hand, I placed two fingers into the by now very wet cunt. Slowly I moved my fingers in and out. Sally moved her hips in time to my thrusts, and with her right hand gently rubbed my cock. Suddenly she turned over onto her hands and knees again and without a word, took my cock into her open mouth. This was an opportunity I could not resist. Reaching over, I fumbled for the camera and took two photos of Sally's mouth taking in my cock.

The final act had arrived. Leaving my cock, Sally knelt up, hitched her orange dress up around her waist and straddled my hips. Taking my cock in her fingers she expertly lowered herself onto its stiffness. Slowly she began an up and down movement. I placed both my hands on the velvet-covered breasts, and took great pleasure in fondling them. The final photo I took was of my cock entering between her red pussy lips. After that I was not in the right frame of mind to take anymore pictures! Gradually the pace built-up. I took one hand and placed it on the side of her cheek. I placed a finger in her ear. This is one of Sally's most sensitive areas. She continued to thrust faster and faster, flinging her head backwards and forwards in ecstasy. Her first orgasm finally arrived, and she fell over me with a cry. 

Luckily for me, the drink must have had some effect, as usually I did not last as long as this. We rested for a few minutes and then Sally took up the rhythm again. This time, I started to slide my hands up and down her nylon-covered thighs, something that always gets me going. I could feel the pressure begin to build in my balls. Sally sensed it too, and increased her movements. This time I could not hold on, and grabbing sally's ass with all my might I finally exploded! Sally reared back in ecstasy her hands clawing at my chest. I've still got the marks! After a few minutes, Sally lifted up and my now limp cock slipped out of her battered cunt. She moved upwards towards my chest, and let the spunk gradually dribble out onto my chest. She took great pleasure in gently massaging it into my chest. What an excellent end to an excellent evening!