 Gina Matthews was a pretty ordinary girl with a pretty ordinary life. She was eighteen years old, a freshmen at Westhaven University, and a server at a fast food restaurant that wasn't well known or very successful.

However, her ordinary life would completely change when she was invited to a party by a cute guy named Josh Kelman.

Gina was walking through a campus hallway one evening when Josh approached her. He held out a black and orange card to her.

"Hey, Gina, I'm having a Halloween Party this Friday," he said. "Think you can make it?"

"I don't know, Josh," she replied. "I'm really behind on schoolwork, and..."

"Come on, it'll only be a few hours," he said. "Besides, all you do these days is schoolwork. You need to get out and relax. Come on, it'll be fun. I promise."

"Okay, sure," she answered. "If it makes you happy, then I'll be there."

"Excellent," he said. "Then I'll see you at that address on Friday night. Can't wait to see you there. Hopefully, you've got a pretty cute costume picked out."

He winked at her just before he turned around and walked away. 

Gina stood in the hallway as she thought about what she was going to dress up as for Josh's Halloween party. A ballerina? No. A princess? No, way too common. A cat? No, far too unsubtle. Suddenly, she found her answer. She was going to be a cheerleader.

Gina had been a cheerleader in high school, and she wanted to cheer at college, but it turned out that the head coach preferred blondes over brunettes.

She tried to file a complaint with the school board, but the board dismissed her arguments entirely. Unfortunately, the head coach was quite wealthy and had a significant amount of influence. So Gina was stuck doing nothing but completing schoolwork and serving at her dead end job.

Instead, the position that she would have occupied was filled by an annoying bitch named Tiffany Collins. Tiffany happened to be the head coach's daughter, which made Gina's inability to make the squad all the more annoying. 

At that moment, Gina realized where she was going to get a cheerleader costume. Yes, it was risky. Yes, she was probably going to be in serious trouble later on. But if she and Josh ended up getting together, then it would be worth it.

It was 3 P.M. on Halloween when Gina walked into the girls' locker room and approached Tiffany's locker with a pair of bolt cutters. She raised the bolt cutters and quickly cut the lock off of her locker. 

Gina dug inside the locker as she searched for Tiffany's cheerleader uniform. She moved her backpack in front of the locker as she tossed Tiffany's top, miniskirt, bow, socks, shoes, and cheerleader panties into it. Once everything she needed was inside of her backpack, she zipped it up, closed the locker, and ran out of the locker room.

As Gina walked through the hallway, she saw Tiffany enter the locker room. A few seconds later, Gina heard Tiffany shriek. She smiled as she calmly headed home.

Gina stood naked in front of her bedroom mirror as she prepared to put Tiffany's cheerleader uniform on. She had to admit that the uniform was pretty damn cute. The school's mascot was a badger while the school's colors were black and orange. 

She put on a pink Victoria's secret bra. The bra just barely covered her double D sized breasts. She placed the orange bow in her hair and slid the black cheerleader top on. She stepped into the black miniskirt, grabbed it, and pulled it up and around her waist.

Gina placed the white shoes and black socks on her tiny feet. Thankfully, she and Tiffany had the same shoe size and body dimensions. 

Gina stared at herself in the mirror. She kicked her right leg up, allowing her skirt to fly up and her pussy to be seen. She giggled as she flashed her reflection in the mirror.

Finally, she grabbed Tiffany's orange cheerleader panties and prepared to slide them on. As she grabbed them, she smelled something strange. 

Gina looked inside the panties. Her nose wriggled in disgust as she saw that they were filled with cum. Male cum. She shook her head as she realized that Tiffany was one big whore.

If Tiffany was as big a whore as her reputation suggested, then Gina knew that wearing Tiffany's panties meant that she would get at least one STD. Not wanting to take any chances, she decided that she was going to wear some regular panties underneath her skirt.

Gina tossed Tiffany's panties aside and started to look for some cute panties that she could wear. At that moment, her cell phone rang. It was her mom.

Apparently, Gina's dad had consumed too much alcohol at a work party and needed a ride home. Her mom worked the night shift and couldn't pick him up until the following morning.

Gina quickly rushed out of her bedroom, got in her car, and headed out to pick up her intoxicated father from work. By the time the two arrived home, she had completely forgotten to put on anything underneath her short cheerleader miniskirt.

It was 8 P.M. when Gina arrived at the address that Josh provided her with when he gave her the invitation. The house was black, visibly old, and completely covered in cobwebs. She walked up to the front porch, rang the doorbell, and waited to see what would happen. 

The front door slowly creaked open. Suddenly, a ferocious vampire jumped at her! He sunk his fangs into her shoulder and bit her! Gina shrieked! She broke free, spun around, and ran for it!

"Gina, wait! Wait! It's me!" the vampire yelled.

Gina spun around and looked at the mysterious vampire. It took her less than five seconds to deduce who the vampire really was. It was Josh. Fake blood dripped out of his fangs as he slowly approached her.

"Jesus, Josh, you scared me!" she confessed. 

"Hey, I'm a vampire," Josh said. "What the hell did you expect?"

"Well, I obviously didn't expect to get attacked by a vampire on your front porch," she replied. "So is this really where you live?" 

"No, my family actually bought the place," he said. "It's an actual haunted house. My dad found it two weeks ago. We cleaned the place, painted it, and got it ready just for this party tonight."

"Cool!" she exclaimed.

"That's what I said," he remarked. "So you want to come in? I promise there won't be anymore scares or spooky tricks!"

"Eh, what the hell, why not?" she replied. And Gina followed Josh into the haunted house.

"Oh, I almost forgot! We want to get individual pictures of everyone in their costumes," Josh said. "Just something we want to put together for our senior year DVD. If you don't mind that is..."

"No, no, not at all," she answered. "So where are they being taken?"

"Just follow me, and I'll take you there," he said.

Josh led Gina to the kitchen. A photographer was taking pictures of people in weird costumes against a white background. Gina saw a variety of different costumes including a cow, an alien, a zombie, a prince, and a raptor.

Eventually, it was Gina's turn to get in front of the camera. As the photographer took pictures of her, Gina provided him with several suggestive and very naughty poses and angles. 

"Hold on!" Josh said. "I want to get in one of these pictures!"

"Excuse me?" she asked.

"Hey, you got to admit," he added. "A vampire going after a cheerleader would look pretty cool, wouldn't it?"

Josh gave Gina a dirty wink. She wasn't entirely comfortable doing this, but she didn't want to hurt his feelings either.

"Okay, why not?" she answered.

"Great," he replied. "Then let's get this party rolling."

Josh and Gina posed together for several photographs. Suddenly, Josh bent down and sunk his white fangs into her right leg. She giggled as the photographer took a picture of him biting her. At that moment, Josh peeked up her miniskirt. He smiled when he saw what was not under there. 

"No panties?" he asked. "Damn, Gina, you really are a horny little cheerleader."

Shit, Gina thought. She knew she had forgotten something. Talk about awful timing.

"Sorry, I didn't mean to look," he lied, as he climbed to his feet. "It just happened."

"It's okay," Gina said. "If it bothered me, I would have said something much sooner."

"You're sure?" he asked.

"Yes," she replied.

"Good," he said. "You should probably shave that though. If you're looking to get some action, most of the guys here prefer their pies to be pink, clean, and unshaven. Just saying."

"Excuse me?" she asked.

"Never mind," he said. "Well, enjoy yourself. If you need anything, I'll be outside."

And Josh quickly opened the kitchen door and headed outside. Gina sighed and walked out of the kitchen. She was considering asking Josh if he had any underwear that she could borrow, but she decided against it. Josh probably felt pretty awkward already. Asking for a guy's underwear would only make it even more awkward.

As she headed into the living room, a guy in a lion costume approached her. 

"Hi, I'm Vinnie," he said. "What's your name?"

"Hey, Vinnie, I'm Gina," she answered, as they shook hands. 

"Hey, we're bobbing for apples right now. The winner of each contest gets $20. You want to play?" he asked.

"Sure," she replied.

Oh, how naive she was. Vinnie led her over to two gray buckets that were filled with water. Gina sat down in front of one of the buckets. A guy dressed as a gangster sat in front of the other bucket. The buckets were filled with candy worms, and the apples were buried near the bottom.

"Game is pretty simple," Vinnie said. "Whoever gets their apple the fastest wins $20. Alright, on the count of three, you can go. Ready? One... two... three!"

Gina stuck her head into the bucket and began to search for apples. The candy worms flew into her mouth, and water flew up her nose. 

She leaned forward, desperately searching for an apple. Finally, she found one. She bit down on the stem and slowly pulled it out. She removed the apple from the bucket and tossed it aside. 

"I got it!" she yelled.

However, she heard nothing but snickering. Gina spun around. Vinnie had a video camera in his hands. He had a huge grin on his face.

"Hey, turn around!" he yelled. "If you get another apple, we'll give you $40, okay?"

The guy in the gangster costume laughed. Gina turned to stare at him. His face and hair were completely clean. He didn't have a single drop of water on him.

At that moment, Gina realized what was going on. They had tricked her into bobbing for apples so that they could film her. When she was leaning her head into the bucket and searching for apples, she had been flashing her bare ass and pussy the entire time.

"Come on, what are you waiting for?" Vinnie asked. "Or do you want to play Pin The Tail on The Donkey next? We could use you for the donkey. After all, you do have a pretty fat ass!"

The crowd laughed as they watched Gina unintentionally flash her goodies on Vinnie's video camera. Embarrassed, Gina got up, burst into tears, and ran out of the house. Josh was standing on the front porch as she ran past him. He dropped his cigarette and immediately ran over to her.

"Gina, wait!" he asked. "What happened?"

"I have to go! I'm sorry!" she yelled. Never in her life had Gina felt so humiliated.

At that moment, two large guys dragged Vinnie outside. They approached Josh and Gina. One of the bodyguards held Vinnie's video camera in his hands.

"These are my bodyguards," Josh replied. "They make sure that nothing goes wrong. And if something does go wrong, they correct the problem. Is this the asshole that was bothering you?"

Gina nodded. Josh walked over to Vinnie and punched him in the face. Vinnie screamed as blood gushed out of his broken nose.

"Apologize to the lady now!" Josh demanded. 

"I'm sorry!" Vinnie yelled. "Okay, I'm sorry!"

"Do you believe him?" Josh asked Gina. "Do you think he's being sincere?"

Gina walked up to Vinnie. He stared at her, helplessly. Suddenly, Gina raised her right leg and kicked him in the balls several times. Vinnie screamed loudly as she repeatedly bashed his nuts in.

"Ow, I'm sorry! Please stop! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!" he yelled.

"Okay, now I believe he's being sincere," she told Josh.

"Good," he said. "Alright, guys. You know what to do. Take him to the shed out back!"

"But I apologized!" he screamed. "I said I was sorry!"

"Your apology means shit!" Josh yelled. "I just wanted to give you some false hope before I take it all away!" He turned to his bodyguards, took the camera from them, and gave them instructions.

"Gentlemen, see to it that this dumbass cannot get a boner ever again!" he said.

And Josh's bodyguards dragged Vinnie away. Vinnie screamed as he was dragged out of sight. Gina heard several bones break as Josh's bodyguards made life even more miserable for him.

Josh dropped the video camera onto the ground and stepped on it, smashing it to pieces.

"That asshole won't embarrass you ever again," he declared. "That I can guarantee."

"Thanks," Gina said. "I appreciate it."

"So, are you going to stay?" Josh asked. "Please? For me?"

"Well, that was very sweet of you," she admitted. "No one has ever looked out for me like that before. So yeah, I guess I can stay."

"I'm glad to hear that," he replied. "Come on, let's go inside. It's getting kind of cold out."

Josh and Gina headed back into the haunted house. They walked into the lounge together.

"That guy is such a douchebag," he said. "He shouldn't have been here in the first place. I don't know which of my friends gave him an invitation, but they better hope I don't find out who it was."

"I can only imagine what you'll do to them when you do," Gina replied.

"Hmm, I didn't know that you were a cheerleader," he said, changing the topic. "I know that's the college uniform you're wearing. I go to the games all the time. Yet, I've never see you cheer before. So what's the story?"

"Well, I do have a confession," she admitted.

"What is it?" Josh asked.

"These clothes, I mean this costume, I stole them," she confessed.

"You stole them?" he replied. 

"From Tiffany's locker," she responded. "I did it this afternoon. Just walked right up to her locker, took the uniform, and put it on. Well, except the panties. They were still covered in cum."

"And that bothered you?" he asked.

"Guys' cum," she clarified. 

"Oh, never mind then," he replied. "Good call."

"Yeah, Tiffany really is a big whore," Gina responded.

"Not the first time I've heard someone tell me that," Josh said.

"So what do you think?" Gina asked. "About me stealing another girl's cheerleader uniform for your big Halloween party?"

"In all honesty, doing something that crazy, that's pretty fucking hot," he replied.

Suddenly, the front door flew open! A girl in a white gown stormed into the house! Gina recognized her instantly. It was Tiffany! Tiffany spotted Gina almost immediately!

"You bitch!" she yelled. "I knew you were the one that stole my uniform! Who the hell do you think you are?"

"Something you wish you could be!" Gina answered. "A damn hot cheerleader!"

As Gina said those words, Tiffany lunged at her and knocked her to the ground. The two of them rolled on the floor as they fought. Gina was on top of Tiffany, but Tiffany appeared to be unfazed by her position.

Tiffany kneed Gina in the gut. She groaned as her stomach embraced the impact. Gina raised her right hand and slashed her face. Tiffany screamed as Gina's nails cut into her skin. 

She slugged Gina in the nose, knocking her down. Gina climbed to her feet, but Tiffany grabbed her and threw her against a wall. Tiffany ran towards her and began to kick her repeatedly. Gina's head banged against the wall as Tiffany kicked her.

Suddenly, Gina grabbed Tiffany's dress and ripped through it with her fingers. Tiffany screamed. Gina climbed to her feet and punched Tiffany in the face. Tiffany fell backwards and just narrowly caught her balance. She wiped the blood off her face, pulled her dress up, and stared at the tear that Gina had left there.

"You bitch!" she screamed. She ran at Gina, grabbed her top, and ripped it down the middle. Gina grabbed Tiffany's blonde hair and yanked on it. Tiffany screamed as she yanked her hair out. 

"Hey, bitch!" Gina yelled. "Did you forget that this was your top? Ripping this uniform up means shit to me!"

At that moment, Gina grabbed her miniskirt with both hands and ripped it upward, exposing more of her skin. Tiffany screamed. She started to run towards her, but Gina grabbed some shoe polish and chucked it at her dress. The black shoe polish covered the front of Tiffany's white gown.

"Trust me, you actually look better that way," Gina remarked.

"That's it!" she growled. "You're dead, Matthews! You hear me? Dead!"

Tiffany reached into her bra and pulled out a pocketknife. At that moment, Josh's bodyguards arrived. They grabbed Tiffany, pulled the knife away from her, and escorted her out of the house. Josh walked back into the lounge as the bodyguards departed with Tiffany.

"You okay?" he asked Gina.

"Hell yeah!" she answered. "Truthfully, I'm glad that bitch came here! Getting a chance to ruin her dress and kick her ass... that alone makes your party pretty damn great!"

"Well, thankfully, my bodyguards were here in case things got out of hand," Josh said. "My father is a judge. He'll see to it that she goes to jail if she ever threatens you like that again."

"Let her try!" Gina replied. "I'll just kick her ass again!"

"Okay, if that's the way you feel, then so be it," Josh answered. "Oh, wow!"

"What?" she asked.

"You've got some blood on your forehead," he said. "Come on. Let's get you cleaned up."

Josh led her to the upstairs bathroom.

"I'll be standing outside if you need anything, okay?" he asked.

"Sounds good to me," she answered.

Gina walked into the bathroom and washed the blood off of her face. She stared at her reflection in the mirror. Tiffany had ripped up her uniform, but the rips made her look naughtier and sexier than ever before. Suddenly, she had a crazy idea.

Gina grabbed a razor on the bathroom counter, stuck it into her bra, and exited the bathroom. 

"I'm feeling kinda dizzy," she lied. "Is it okay if I lie down somewhere?"

"Yeah," Josh said. "You can use my room upstairs. It's a got a bed and everything."

"Okay, I just need to relax," she replied. "Shouldn't be more than five minutes."

Josh led Gina to his room. She lay down on his bed and waited for Josh to arrive.

After ten minutes had passed, she decided to take matters into her own hands.

Gina began screaming loudly, yelling "no" and "please," hoping it would grab his attention. Suddenly, the bedroom door flew open, and Josh darted into the room.

"What's wrong?" he yelled. "Is everything okay?"

"Oh, yes," Gina said. "Well, actually there is one little problem. My pussy. It needs to be shaved."

At that moment, Gina pulled her miniskirt up, exposing her pussy. She gave him a dirty wink as she revealed the razor in her right hand.

"So why don't you do it?" she asked.

"Excuse me?" he asked. Gina could tell that he was stunned by what was happening. 

"Or I could do it myself while you watch," she suggested.

Gina pulled her clitoral hood back and began to stroke her clitoris with the back of the razor. She moaned softly as she began to satisfy herself. 

"Wait!" Josh yelled. "You're not doing it properly! Here, let me show you how it's done."

Josh walked over to her. He grabbed the razor from her and pressed it against her pussy. Suddenly, he realized something.

"You know what we need? Shaving cream," he replied.

He walked over to his refrigerator and pulled out a canister of whipped cream. 

"Eh, whipped cream, shaving cream, close enough," he remarked.

Josh walked back over to Gina and sprayed a large amount of whipped cream onto her crotch. He grabbed the razor and began to shave the hair off of her pussy. She giggled as he shaved her. Suddenly, Gina leaned forward, pushed her tongue into Josh's mouth, and the two of them made out.
