 Jared drove back to campus in a daze. So many things had gone on in the last few hours that his head was spinning. He tried going through everything in his head, like he did when he studied for his tests and exams.

He was a very good student and decided that comparing this situation to his education was the only way to remain calm. He started from the beginning, talking aloud in the empty car.

"So Amber has issues with her looks. She doesn't think she's sexy but she's wrong. I was stupid to rush into sex barely two hours after we met. She didn't mean to stand me up on our first official date. She's dealing with a sick father and is struggling to keep up in school."

Jared pulled into the parking lot adjoining Amber's dorm room. She lived in the graduate area and he walked quickly back to her dorm room. He was thankful that the hallway was clear and that the cranky friend of hers who lived across the hall wasn't here. Her door was closed and it seemed quiet.

"I just need to tell her I can wait. I just need her to understand I don't normally rush things." Jared spoke aloud and then knocked on the door twice. He waited. Finally, the door opened.

"Hi."

"Hi."

"I met your mother this morning. She told me everything. Jonathan kicked me out of the apartment. I'm not like him but for some reason I can't convince you of that."

Amber bit her lip and listened to Jared. She was wearing jeans and a t-shirt with her blonde hair up in a ponytail. She had no make up on and to Jared she looked so sexy.

"I'm sorry I didn't call. My best friend emailed me to tell me how stressed out my mom was. I rushed over and found out she was about to be fired from her job. I stayed with my dad overnight so she could get some sleep and go to work. He's not getting any better nor is he getting any worse."

Amber's voice was quivering and Jared saw she was gulping, trying to hold back tears. He couldn't take it anymore. He stepped forward and wrapped his arms around her. He kicked the door shut and pulled her in to her room. Sitting down on the bed, he placed her gently on his lap. Amber was sobbing now but was also kissing his neck.

"Amber we don't have to." Jared was rubbing her back and knew that he wanted so much more then he was about to say. "You are stressed and we're rushing into things. I just want to hold you."

"No. You make me feel so good. I trust you. I want this so badly." Amber slid off his lap and onto her knees. She undid his pants and soon was slurping hungrily on his cock. Jared cried out and gripped the sheets. She had stopped crying and looked so sexy bobbing up and down on his cock.

"I'm sorry for whatever happened to you in the past. I'm sorry that someone hurt you. I will never hurt you. I'm not like the others." Jared had his hands firmly on either side of her head, trying to pull her up for a kiss. She wasn't letting go of his cock and he was close to cumming. He was not going to cum in her mouth, no matter how persistent she was. Finally, he pulled her up and kissed her. 

While standing in front of him, he undressed her frantically. She continued stroking his cock, tapping it gently with the palm of her hand. He was breathing hard.

"Amber you keep doing that and I'm going to cum all over your hand. Just let me undress you." Jared was frustrated and was relieved when he finally undid her bra. Pulling it off he pushed her onto the bed and watched as she began to play with her clit. That gave him enough incentive to strip naked and climb on the bed.

"I'm not going to be able to hold back." Jared whispered those words against her lips then thrust his cock deep inside her. The bed shook a bit but he didn't stop. He grabbed her legs and wrapped them tight around his waist. She was so gorgeous. As he continued to fuck her, he couldn't get the image of her Halloween costume out of his head.

"Mmm." Amber moaned and held her massive breasts together, rubbing her nipples together. Jared's eyes went wide and he began to orgasm. He couldn't have held back any longer if he tried. He was so turned on by Amber that he pushed hard against her.

"Your turn." Jared could barely speak but he reached down and found her throbbing clit. He circled it gently with the pad of his thumb. She squirmed and moaned. Amber closed her eyes and felt her orgasm rippling through her body. She sighed and felt Jared slide out of her. He lay on his side, tracing circles on her stomach.

"I'm obsessed with you. I hated not knowing where you were. I'm sorry."

"I'm sorry I was rude to you. I think it will take some getting used to. You know, that someone so cute and sexy likes me."

Jared leaned over and nuzzled her nose. "I do like you. And this isn't just a one night stand."