 Amber woke up to an intense pleasure building within her. It was a burning desire and she couldn't quite place where and when she was. Her eyelids fluttered as she felt a spark of delight rush through her body and she didn't know she was moaning until she startled herself awake by her cries of ecstasy. Amber opened her eyes and was face to face with Jared.

"Good morning. I couldn't help it. I'm sorry." Jared had a sheepish grin that made him look cute and sexy all at the same time. He moved his long body from lying on his stomach to kneeling between her open legs.

"That was amazing." Amber was trying to remember the night before and it was slowly coming back to her. The sorority Halloween party she had been invited to, her date dumping her when he told her he was going to play poker, only to find out later he was off sucking face with one of the sorority girls. It was all flooding back into her brain including how sweet and cute Jared had been the night before.

"Your welcome. I meant what I said last night."

Amber bit her lip. She couldn't remember what he had said last night and was trying to read his facial expression. What exactly had he said last night? She racked her brain, remembering a conversation about one night stands. He had made it clear it was only a one-night stand. That was the only explanation.

"Fine. You can have a shower before you go."

"Will you join me?" Jared was kneeling between her legs and rubbing her thighs gently. Amber hadn't changed position, she was still awe struck at what was happening.

"No. You said it's only a one night stand."

Jared frowned. Someone had hurt her badly and he hated it. He despised the feeling she had. She obviously had forgotten what he had said the night before, about taking her out for breakfast on what he wanted to be the first of many dates. Here she was assuming that he was a stud.

"I did not. I said this wasn't a one-night stand. I said that I wanted to take you out for breakfast for a date. You are beautiful, sexy, and very cute. I know my hormones were crazy last night and I'm sorry. We're going for breakfast together because I am starving and I want to know more about the girl that caught my eye last night." Jared didn't let her answer. He rolled off the bed and began to dress. He had been dressed as a pirate last night, with tight black jeans and a puffy shirt. He put on his jeans then realized how stupid he would look in the shirt. He put it on anyway, but then grabbed his leather jacket and did it up.

He then watched as Amber grabbed clean clothes from her dresser and then made her way into the bathroom. A few minutes later, she walked out looking stunning in jeans and a white knit sweater. The sweater showed off her curves and made her breasts look rounder and larger. He grinned.

Amber didn't say a word. She grabbed her keys and they walked out of her apartment and down the street. Bracebridge was a college town, which meant that the downtown area was littered with apartments meant solely for the students that needed cheap accommodations. It also meant that everything that you could possibly need, including a cheap restaurant that served breakfast all day long, was within walking distance. No one had a vehicle, but it wasn't necessary.

The walk down the street to Joey's was quiet. Jared was trying to read what Amber was thinking, but he couldn't figure it out. Amber was stunned, also trying to figure out what Jared was thinking. The couple entered the restaurant and was seated quickly.

"I'm Jared Johnston. I'm in third year engineering. I love the color blue and hate swimming. I'm an only child and hate college. I love going to class and learning things, but the whole social scene drives me crazy. I live with my best friend, also known as a sex fiend, named Jonathan. He keeps score of the number of women he has slept with. I'm embarrassed to be associated with him sometimes." Jared finished his speech and waited. 

"Why are you talking to me? Why am I so intriguing to you?"

Jared opened his mouth to speak, but then the waitress came over and took their orders. Amber was pleasant and ordered eggs and toast. Jared ordered a big order of pancakes, along with eggs, bacon, and toast.

"You are intriguing because you are. I can't explain it. I saw you at the party last night and I wondered who would leave you all alone."

"My lovely date thought I was too boring. That's why I don't date."

"Isn't this a date?"

Amber grinned. His tone of voice was playful and she couldn't help but smile. She was always so distant when she talked to guys, but she was drawn to him.

"I guess. Who's paying?"

"I am."

The rest of the meal was filled with endless chatter about random things. Jared could tell that Amber was relaxing and by the time the bill came she was smiling.

"I'll walk you home.

Jared reached out and held Amber's hand tight as they walked down the street. There were people walking up and down the street, college students that finally dragged themselves out of bed to do regular Saturday chores.

"I'm taking you out tonight. Dinner and a movie." Jared pressed Amber gently against the door of her apartment and kissed her softly. He then pulled away. "I'll pick you up at six."

Amber watched as Jared walked down the street to his house. She got inside and walked slowly through the room, wondering what she should do next. She lie down on her bed and quickly fell back asleep.

A few hours later, she woke up. It was four, which still gave her time to do things before getting ready. She had never been a high maintenance kind of girl and she wasn't going to make herself nervous by spending too much time on her looks.

She logged on to the computer and checked her email. The first email was marked urgent and she gasped as she read what it said.

Grabbing her things, she rushed out of her apartment, totally forgetting about her date with Jared.