 He knew it would be a shocking surprise. In the last few weeks, he'd made contact with an old high school flame -- the only true love of his life. While they had both gone their separate ways and were each married to other people, neither was very happy with their respective situation. Or so he'd discovered when he called her out of the blue. Within minutes of hearing the warmth in her greeting, the sparks were flying. The magical connection was still there -- hotter that hell even after 30 years.

She had mentioned that she and her husband always threw a huge Halloween party every year -- and then she had jokingly invited him to attend. Naturally, he demurred -- work, the long drive, etc., but he couldn't get that thought out of his mind.

Then he received a suggestive invitation in the mail -- a computer-enhanced photo of her and the husband in outlandish, sexy poses. That did it! He decided then and there he'd give her the surprise of a lifetime!

Halloween morning he made the long drive south to her home. He'd chosen a costume that would effectively hide his identity completely. He was dressed as the Phantom of the Opera, complete with swirling cape, white mask and wide-brimmed black hat. His own mother wouldn't know him....it was perfect!

He pulled up to the house about an hour after the party was supposed to begin, which made it easier to slip in amongst the other arriving guests. He walked in with a group of pirates and their wenches -- unnoticed by the party's hosts.

He was able to grab a drink and find a place in a corner where he could observe the party now in full swing. It was impressive. The costumes were elaborate -- cave men, Little Bo-Peep (complete with sheep), the aforementioned pirates...but his eyes were captivated by HER. She was dressed as a doctor -- a white lab coat, stethoscope, and even had a little black bag nearby. But under the coat she wore a low-cut red blouse and a tight black miniskirt. She was hot enough to cook on.

As she moved about, he avidly watched her every motion. It was very obvious that she wore no bra, and his cock stiffened as he eyed those wonderful breasts wobbling to and fro. "God, how I'd love to give her a full physical," he murmured to himself.

He waited til she came toward his corner, then moved up behind her as she spoke to a couple in matching vampire outfits. "How 'bout a dance, Doc?," he said with a lowered voice.

She spun around and eyed him up and down. "Hey Rob, great get-up! You look yummy." She thought she recognized a friend from a neighboring town. "Where's Ginny?" she asked, looking about the room for her friend's wife.

"She's around somewhere," he replied as he swept her up in his arms.

He twirled her around the room, taking every opportunity to brush up against her as they gyrated about. After the second contact he knew she must have noticed the hard bulge in his trousers -- the heat alone should have set her skirt on fire.

Her discomfort with the advancing situation amused him greatly. She evidently didn't want to offend this Rob guy -- but the touches were growing well past friendly play.

"Ah, why don't I go find Ginny for you," she gasped as he pulled her close after a wild spin.

"Don't want Ginny -- I want you, Doc. Always have; always will," he rasped, crushing her body to his.

She looked up full into his face for the first time -- a bit of anger and perhaps a little fear pinching her eyes. "Now, come on, Rob, a bit of fun is okay, but..."

She broke off abruptly and drew in a quick breath as her gaze locked on his. "Oh, my God -- Alex?," she whispered. "What in the hell are you doing here?"

"I received an invitation -- remember? It was an offer I couldn't refuse!" he growled into her ear.

"I never thought you'd be able to get here..." her voice trailed off. She looked over her shoulder around the room. This year's party was a bit quieter than some in previous years. She spotted Steven in the doorway.

"Alex! Come on!" she whispered, tone commanding. Breezily she called to one of the guests, "Steve! If Don asks, I'll be back in a minute. I'm going with Rob and Ginny -- they want a quick tour of the office on their way home." 

"No problem," Steven waved her off.

She grabbed Alex's hand and pulled him along behind her as she wove through the kitchen and toward the front door. "Brenda -- I didn't see you come in! Where's Paul? Did he do Wilma?" she giggled. Her friend was dressed as Fred Flintstone. But Brenda's husband was nowhere in sight. She could just imagine....but maybe later... "Be back in a minute!" she tossed off lightly as she crowded Alex out the front door.

They stood on the front porch for a moment and she appreciated the cool breeze softening the heat in her cheeks.

"Alex..." she whispered.

He turned to gaze at her. Looking at him now, she couldn't imagine how she had mistaken him for Rob. "I can't believe you're here...." Her heart was pounding. The silence of the night around them stood in sharp contrast to the noise of the music and the voices locked behind the door she had just closed behind her.

"In the very heated flesh. You look fantastic by the way. Good enough to eat," he blurted. "How 'bout that office tour, Doc. I got a terrible swelling that just won't go down -- not for 30 years."

She stared at him for a long tortured minute. "Ahh, car?" was all she managed to get out.

He gestured to a silver SUV at the curb about a half a block away. ''Yon chariot awaits, my goddess of the Hippocratical arts. Oh, since you ARE a doc, dressing as one for Halloween is sort of cheating," he said, smiling at her as they walked quickly to the car.

"Damn weight gain. Made for a last-minute throw together," she grumbled.

"Oh, Doc, as I said before, you look delectable!" He paused as they reached the car. "Can I have a taste?" His hand in hers felt like it would melt away from the incredible heat being exchanged.

"Oh you'll get yours," she said, gathering herself. "Now -- to the office," she said briskly, looking pointedly at his hand on the handle of the passenger door. He couldn't resist, though, and as soon as she glanced back at his face, she found he had moved into her space. Inches away, he stole a kiss as he opened the door for her. 

She smiled as she climbed in, feeling the door close firmly behind her. In the time it took Alex to arrive at the driver's door, she had pulled her seatbelt forward and buckled it firmly in place. Alex climbed in and inspected her briefly. "Where to?" he asked.

"End of the block and turn left," she said. 

He started the engine and the car leapt forward under his hands. As they turned out of sight of the house and the party, she slid a hand over his thigh and into his lap. He rocked his pelvis upward to meet the pressure, but managed to keep both hands on the wheel. 

"It's on the right, up ahead," she said. "It's just a few blocks." 

He pulled the car up in front of her office building, leaping from his seat almost before the engine stopped. Opening the passanger door, he held out his hand to assist her, his eyes locked onto hers. The desire to maul her right here against the car was almost overwhelming...but she did have a reputation to uphold.

From her slight smirk, he knew she could feel the desire radiating from him. And she knew he was holding back. She was actually toying with him, that minx! 

They walked up the steps to the front door. As she stooped slightly to insert the key in the door he slid a hand up under the short skirt from behind. His breath hissed out as he felt her shapely ass under his palm. He grabbed a handful and squeezed heartily.

She yelped, straightening up at once. As she turned to chastise him, he noticed her hard nipples showing clearly through the thin silk of her blouse. 

"Don't even say it!" he commanded, and pushed her forward as he threw open the door. He had had enough -- or rather he hadn't had enough -- but he was gonna take it now!

The hallway fixture -- always on -- was enough to light the way in the waiting room. She walked rapidly through the area and entered the hall at the rear. She could hear Alex's footsteps just a pace behind. She ducked through a doorway, flipping the light switch and spinning to face her phantom as he swirled through the doorway on her heels. In a single sweeping gesture, his hat and mask were tossed aside and he was holding her -- crushing her to his chest, pressing his mouth over hers. Years of desire and missed opportunities boiled through the small room as his hands seemed to cover her entire body at once. 

She felt the exam table behind her and his hands lifting her bare buttocks, her skirt unceremoniously pushed out of the way to her waist. His pelvis spread her legs wide as he sat her on the cushioned top. In seconds, she had his cock free in her hand, guiding him to the center of her need. Still locked together with passionate kisses, his entry was explosive. The table shuddered with his thrust. She lifted her feet from the floor to wrap her legs around his waist. She felt as if she wanted to merge their bodies, to fill each other, even as each wild plunge of his cock brought her soul closer to the surface of her being. 

Through the blinding, animal-like urge to ravage her came the realization that for the first time in 30 years he felt complete -- whole. He loved this woman more than words could possibly explain. But the tenderness he wanted to express was temporarily swept aside as all the years of frustration were exploding from his body.

The hardness of his cock pushed into her hot, wet quim with a terrible ferocity. She tried to lock her legs around him but his wild thrusting was too avid to contain. He pushed his lips onto hers -- kissing, biting, using his tongue to devour her mouth. 

Grasping her knees, he forced them back, exposing her pussy even more, allowing his questing member to pound even deeper. She dropped back onto her elbows, letting her hips rise to meet him. A wild growl escaped her lips. Her eyes rolled back in shared ectasy. He thrust ever deeper, wanting this feeling to last the rest of his life -- but the need was too much.

He felt the orgasm explode from inside his soul. His cock stiffened even more. His groan was almost a scream, and he shouted, "Gonna cum....in your...beautiful..." His last words were lost as his orgasm shuddered through them both, pulsing and intense. It was fabulous and wet and wild. They united in desire and joy in a way she had only ever dreamt about. She felt almost as if she were floating on a sea of pleasure.

His thrusting slowed, but did not stop as he released her knees and reached for her, pulling her close once again. He looked in her eyes as they moved together in this delicious dance of pleasure. Then he kissed her once more -- slowly, thoroughly, exploring and savoring every sensation. There was almost an aura of electrical power surrounding them. It hummed and sparked as fingers and hands joined the dance -- touching and caressing each other, adding to the pleasures of the unity of their two souls -- joined at last in the starry sensations of blessed release. 

"Oh, God, angel...how did I ever let you get away?" he spoke into her delicate ear, pulling the soft lobe between his lips. "You are the goddess of my existence -- and I so want to worship at the alter of your magnificent body." He cupped her face in his hands, their eyes inches apart. "I adore you, lady. And I miss you so much I ache every day."

Her eyes were swimming with unshed tears, adding an ethereal light to her view of his beloved face. She wasn't sure she could trust her voice, so said simply, "I love you, Alex."

He clasped her close, and she held him to her -- still entwined, still united. They shared a long embrace, body-to-body and soul-to-soul. Her lips found his neck, teasing and caressing. His hands wandered her skin, sending shivers of delight as they gently continued their joining in the afterglow of their explosive communion. He heard a small giggle and drew back to look at her smiling face. "What is it?" he asked.

"You never finished your sentence," she said. "What were you going to say? You're going to 'cum in my beautiful' -- what? 'My beautiful .... exam room?'" She giggled again.