 He was looking at me across the hot tub with a bemused look on his face. "You're thinking again," he said with a smile as his foot stroked my calf under the bubbles. He was right. I was lost in thought, replaying the last couple of hours in my mind.

He had brought me to climax again and again, caressing me lovingly with his hands and mouth. Then after stripping the rest of my clothes off, he had finally slid his pants off. I had let out a small sigh as his dark, erect and pre-cum covered cock literally sprang out of its confines, bouncing and then finally settling to point up toward the ceiling. Leading me down into the hot tub, he sat across from me. The swirling water reached just above his waist leaving the mushroom top and a few inches of his cock reaching above the water line. He moaned softly as we both watched the small waves breaking around his straining member.

Sliding onto my knees, I had moved between his legs and leaning my body against his I placed one hand behind his head pulling his lips toward mine. As we kissed and our bodies pressed together, my breasts against his muscled chest, I could feel his cock throbbing and slick against my belly. His hands were travelling up and down my back finally coming to rest on my butt, stroking and massaging my cheeks, pulling me tight up against his urgency. 

Bringing myself back from him slightly, I began trailing small kisses and licks across his cheeks and chin moving down his throat and into the sensitive area between his neck and shoulders. He moved his hands onto my breasts, stroking and molding them as his thumb and forefingers rolled my nipples sending delicious electricity through my body. Steadying myself with one hand on his thigh, I reached down with the other and lightly ran my fingertips over his crown. I felt him shudder at this first touch, murmuring unintelligible sounds of encouragement. 

Still nibbling and licking at his throat, I began running my fingers up and down his cock feeling every bump and vein as if reading Braille. I massaged his balls tenderly, first one and then the other and then both together, massaging them gently against each other. Abandoning one breast, he cupped my chin in his hand and brought my lips to his, probing his tongue into my mouth. I pulled it in and began to stroke it with mine. We kneaded each others tongues drawing them back and forth first in my mouth, then in his and back again into mine. As we both trembled, I stretched my fingers to reach as far around his cock as I could and slowly began to pump. I stroked up and down, twisting my hand gently back and forth as I went, dancing my fingertips lightly across his tip each time I reached the top. He began to rock his hips, sliding his cock faster through my hand. Moving on my knees down to the floor of the hot tub, I slid down his body until I was face to face with his heat. Still circling the base with one hand and cupping his balls with the other, I leaned in to gently flick the tip of my tongue over the top of his cock. As he drew in a sharp breath, he reached down to place his hands on my shoulders beginning to dig his fingernails into the tender muscles. 

His pre-cum was flowing freely now and I used the flat of my tongue to stroke the length of his cock, lapping it up as I went. When he moved his hands up to the sides of my head, I opened my mouth and circled his head with my lips. At first I applied just a gentle pressure as I let his cock slip slowly into my mouth, then tighter and sucking harder as I pulled away. Each stroke brought him deeper into my throat as I pressed the flat of my tongue to the underside of his thrusting cock.

I could feel his muscular thighs shaking under the water and I knew he was getting close. Suddenly he released my head and as I looked up at his face, he reached down grabbing me by the hips and lifted me up to straddle his thighs. He swung his knees apart, spreading my legs wide and reached forward to trap one of my nipples between his teeth, eliciting a gasp from me as I threw my head back, arching toward him. I felt the head of his cock just at the entrance to my vagina and for just a moment I hesitated. Even at this moment he sensed my uncertainty as we looked deep into each other's eyes. But I couldn't squelch my desire now. So I closed my eyes and, even as I felt a single tear escape, I reached down to grasp his cock and guide it into me as I lowered myself down onto him. 

We thrust demandingly against each other, panting and gasping. I felt myself go over the edge, convulsing even as he continued to stab into me. Then he stiffened and the hot pulses released inside me as he impaled me with one great and final thrust before we collapsed against each other.

So now we sat together, letting the swirling water of the hot tub soothe our spent bodies as I struggled with my intense need to allow myself the luxury of second thoughts. Moving through the water toward me, he shook his held slightly and then lifted me up onto the edge of the tub. He pulled my feet up so that they were on either side of me and, kneeling on the seat, he positioned himself between my thighs and rested his elbows on top of my knees. Then he watched my face and waited.

"It's just that...believe me, I know how self indulgent and hypocritical this sounds, I began, "but I just feel so guilty and stupid for letting myself do this."

"It's not like you did this alone, you know. And I thought it was wonderful."

"Yeah...well, I thought it was wonderful, too. But, she's your wife and my friend and she trusts us. I just don't know what I would do if she were to ever find out how we've betrayed her."

"Well," he responded as he looked up over my head toward the ceiling, "it may be a little late to worry about that."

"What do mean?" I asked, following his eyes upward. Leaning back, I felt my shoulders bump into something solid. As I looked up I found her standing directly above me, looking down at my naked body as I leaned against her knees with her husband's face between my outstretched thighs.

"I think she knows," he said quietly and quite unnecessarily.

It took me a split second to register my shock before the panic set in. I began to try to struggle to my feet, scanning the immediate area for something to cover myself with. But he was holding on to my knees and I found myself trapped between the two of them. My struggles only succeeded in me flailing my hips around and lewdly bucking my naked sex back and forth toward his face.

"What are you doing?" I hissed at him in a harsh whisper, as if she couldn't hear me. "Let me go!" But, except for the vice grip he maintained on my knees, he was ignoring me. He was looking only at her, waiting.

"So," she finally said, sounding wryly amused, "quite an evening so far."

My panic and humiliation quickly turned to total confusion as I gathered the courage to look back up at her and realized that, in my alarm, I hadn't seen that she was standing over me completely naked. I was gazing straight up at her face, which was looking back down at me between her smallish, but well rounded breasts and their very erect nipples. As her knees were slightly spread, one behind each of my shoulders, I could feel the top of my head graze against the apex of her thighs as I tilted my face up to look at her. What the hell was going on?

I looked wildly at him, but he continued to studiously avoid my eyes as he watched her slide down onto her knees behind me. Placing a hand on either side of my neck, she began to softly stroke the tight muscles above my shoulders as I felt her press her slender, toned body against my back. I was frozen in place, my mind frantically trying to make sense of what was happening. If I moved my head either left or right, my cheeks would brush softly against the smooth curve of her breasts. Even worse, I could feel a slight tingling beginning in my crotch, working it's way up into my belly.

"Look," I said, desperately, "This isn't what it looks like." Who was I kidding? It was exactly what it looked like. "I mean, I'm really sorry. I can't believe I've done this. I never meant for this to happen."

"Oh, I know you didn't," she said, leaning down and whispering into my ear. "You have no idea how hard it's been for us. I've been anticipating tonight for weeks now."

"What are you talking about?" I looked down at him. Now he was looking at me, with a satisfied smile on his face. "You guys set me up!" I accused, not sure whether I should be relieved or outraged.

"We sure did," she continued, as she slid her hands down to caress my breasts. My nipples immediately jumped to attention at her gentle touch. "You've been so sweet the last few weeks, wandering around all guilty and worried."

"You knew? You two planned everything...from the beginning?" Now I was starting to feel outraged.

"No, no...don't start getting all upset, now," she said, as she began nibbling at my earlobe and licking the hollow behind my ear. It was very disconcerting. "The train wasn't planned...it just happened. He told me all about it that night when he got home. God, it must have been so hot!"

"He...he told you everything?" I shot him a fierce look but he seemed unconcerned.

"Mmhmm, every stroke and tremble." She was now licking her way down my neck and flicking the tip of her tongue at my throat.

"Oh my god, I'm so embarrassed." I felt the heat of my blush all over my body.

"Don't be. It sounded wonderful. We had great sex that night. I could barely contain myself waiting for tonight, and I wasn't disappointed."

"You've been watching us?" I couldn't believe this was happening.

"Of course," she answered. With that she moved to sit behind me, spreading her knees to slide her thighs onto either side of my hips. I could feel her breasts and hard nipples against my back and her spread nether lips pressing against my backside. "Can't you feel how wet I am?" she breathed into my ear. She grazed her long fingernails up along my ribs, then slid her arms back around me to continue stroking my breasts, gently playing with my nipples with her fingertips. And she was right. I could feel the slick wetness between her thighs, and her erect clit pressing against me between my cheeks.

Meanwhile, he had begun to stroke my outer lips with his hands, massaging them between his thumb and forefinger. I was beginning to lose my ability to concentrate as she continued to gently tease me with her body and with her recounting of their plan.

She let out a small chuckle as she said; "You should have seen your face when we insisted that you spend the night. And when I suggested that you two come down here to use the hot tub...it was priceless. I've been so turned on all night. I couldn't wait for all those other people to leave. I actually toyed with the idea of throwing them all out, I was so excited."

This was so bizarre, but I was completely lost now in the sensations of both their hands on my body. I lay my head back on her shoulder and closed my eyes as she began to run her fingernails over my stomach before going back to roll my nipples between her fingers. My hips lurched when his fingers again found my clit and began to play with it as her warm breath wafted lightly across the hollow of my throat.

I let out a small moan as she moved to my side. She pulled a pillow off of a nearby chair and set it on the floor for my head before lowering me onto my back. Then she leaned over me and trailed delicate kisses across my chest. She scooped my heavy breasts into her hands and began flicking her tongue over the sensitive skin. The sensations were so new to me. Her tongue felt so different from anything I'd felt before...so much lighter and softer. It was like being licked by a feather. I was arching my back up toward her, delighting in her touch. 

I reached tentatively to place my hand along her back and then to stroke her bottom running the tip of my finger down the length between her cheeks. Her sighs told me that she enjoyed that as I ran my hand all over her body as if to memorize every curve. When I ran my fingertips under her along her stomach and abdomen, I felt her muscles contract in response. Then, feeling more confident, I moved forward to cup one of her small breasts into the palm of my hand. It filled my hand perfectly as I lightly palpated the warm orb and grazed my thumb over her tight nipple. I was rewarded with her sharp intake of breath at my touch and a gasp of my own as her warm, wet lips descended onto one of my nipples. She suckled at my breasts, pulling my nipples out to stretch them gently with her teeth and flicking at them with the tip of her tongue or running the flat of her tongue across them.

Between my legs he had begun running kisses up and down my inner thighs. Now grasping my outer lips between his thumbs and forefingers, he spread them wide and began moving his tongue along my inner lips teasingly dipping slightly into my hole and then swirling circles around my throbbing clit. I was in heaven. I was covered in a soft sheen of sweat, the juices were flowing steadily between my legs and into his mouth and there was no part of my body that wasn't trembling and pulsating with sensation.

I reached between her legs from behind tickling my fingers up and down her inner thighs, watching with wonder at how my touch could cause her to buck her hips so as she spread her legs and pushed her crotch down to make contact with my hand. I brought my hand up to cover her mound, feeling the heat and wetness that was there. She began to move her hips, sliding her sex back and forth against my hand and I slipped my fingers between her lips to explore her. Her juices were flowing down my hand as I stroked her inner folds. When I found her clit and grasped it between my fingers, massaging it gently, she cried out encouraging me to continue. Keeping hold of her clit between my first and second fingers I slid my thumb back toward her hole. She was so wet and open that my thumb started to slip in immediately. She thrust back onto my thumb, jamming it in to the hilt and was sucking madly on my nipples as I rocked my hand forward and back. I was pushing my thumb in and out of her while still holding on to her clit with my fingers.

She left my breasts and I could feel her hot breath moving down my belly to where I was thrusting my pussy hard against his mouth. He slid his hands under my butt to raise my hips and with both their faces between my thighs he reached his mouth up to meet hers. I saw him plunge his tongue into her mouth and she sucked it hungrily. As I continued to thumb fuck her and rub her clit, I watched them kiss. I knew she was tasting my juices in his mouth and on his tongue. When their kiss ended, he moved back between my legs and began stabbing his tongue in and out of my hole. She lowered her head to my mound and snaked her tongue through the cleft at the top of my lips, easily finding my clit and rubbing it hard. I immediately began to explode, slamming my thumb into her hole and grabbing her clit tightly between my fingers, sending her over the edge with me. We both kept coming for what seemed like forever until the spasms finally subsided, leaving us both trembling with the smaller aftershocks. When we had calmed, she climbed back up my body to wrap her arms around me and gently kiss me on the lips. 

I was lovingly licking my juices from her lips and tongue when he came out of the water to kneel beside us, watching us kiss and stroke each other. Finally, we paused and both turned to look at him, our arms still wrapped around each other. 

"What are we gonna do about this?" he asked with a grin, gesturing toward his cock, which was again standing hard and erect.

She shrugged her shoulders and gave me a mischievous look. "Do we have to do something about that?"

"Well, I guess we should. It's only fair."

With that we moved toward him, one on either side, and each gave him a little kiss on the cheeks. We began to run our hands over his body as he moaned in pleasure. Standing, we led him over to sit at the end of a lounge chair and spreading his knees we knelt between his legs. Then, together, we began to lick his cock. As we swirled our tongues over him they would sometimes meet to stroke against each other. We pressed our mouths against each other as we rolled his balls around with our tongues. We were pressed tightly together between his thighs as we licked and sucked his cock while fondling each other's breasts. His cock and our mouths were covered with his pre-cum and our juices were running down our legs.

She stood to probe her tongue into his mouth, letting him taste himself and me as she gently pushed him down onto his back. Then she straddled his stomach facing his feet with his cock standing up between her legs. She beckoned to me to join her, so I straddled his thighs facing her. We reached for each other's hips and pulled ourselves close together, her thighs resting atop mine. I had to smile as I realized what she was doing. She reached down between us and opened her pussy lips to that they were spread around his cock. Then she did the same with mine. I could feel his veins throbbing against the length of my wide-open pussy and on my belly as we trapped his cock snuggly between us. Even not moving the pulses running through his cock were creating an intoxicating massage on my clit. We rocked our hips in opposition humping his cock between us as we held each other tightly and resumed our kiss. Her breasts were pressed against mine, her taut nipples pushing into me. I could feel his tight balls rubbing against my butt getting slicker and wetter from all of our juices as I moved against them. 

He was moaning and gasping loudly and she and I were both beginning to tremble and shudder. Suddenly, he thrust his hips upward sliding sharply through our pussies and I felt myself start to cum. As I went over the edge, she followed close behind clutching me as we both went over together. 

When she released me I moved off of his thighs and knelt again between his knees. He put his hands on her hips from behind and lifted her. I grasped his cock and guided it into her as he lowered her onto his straining shaft. He began to pump slowly in and out of her as I leaned down and stretched out my tongue to taste her for the first time. Running the tip of my tongue all around her inner and outer lips, I was lapping up her juices and flicking at her quivering clit. I pressed the tip of my tongue at the aperture of her hole and applied a deep pressure, pushing in and positioning my tongue between her inner walls and his cock. This way every time he slid in and out of her my tongue would stroke the underside of his cock. I reached one hand up to massage her clit in quick circular strokes while my other fingers stroked and tickled his balls. When I heard his loud grunts from above and felt his balls begin to tighten I pushed my tongue deep against them both and pressed hard against her clit. She let out a scream and I heard him yell as he let loose inside of her, both their hips thrashing wildly around me.

When his cock softened and slipped out of her, I raised myself up and pressed the length of my body against hers. First I kissed her lightly, tracing my tongue along her lips and stroking the inside of her panting mouth. Then I leaned forward over her shoulder to repeat the kiss...the same, though somehow totally different, with him. 

* * * * *

I awoke late the next morning in their king-sized bed. She was still sleeping, lying stretched out beside me with one leg thrown over my hips and one arm across my chest, her hand cupping my breast with the nipple poking out through the cleft between her index and middle fingers. A sheet covered our naked bodies up to our waists.

I could hear the water of the shower running in the next room. Soon it shut off and I looked toward the door to see him coming into the bedroom, naked except for the towel he was using to rub his hair dry. Seeing I was awake, he smiled and came to lean over me. He tenderly kissed me on the lips and, quietly so as not to wake his wife, he told me, "Wish I didn't have to go to work, but duty calls." I just smiled at him in response and then watched as he got dressed.
