 God, her hand is prefect. Smooth skin, long fingers with unpainted finger but very well kept finger nails. She takes extremely good care of them. She lotions them at least three times a day, and not that shit you find at Walmart, but good lotion like Premier Body Cream. It makes her hands extra soft. It makes all her skin, extra soft.

We went out to a bar one evening and let me tell you, when she goes out she really dresses to impress. She stands 6 feet tall, dirty blond hair just past her shoulders, she was wearing a pair of tight jeans, boots that reach her knees, a black tank top that showed just enough cleavage to make guys stare, and a skin tight long sleeve black shirt. She was hot, no, she was fucking smoking hot!

She picked me up and I climbed into the passenger side of her GMC Jimmy. I told her "hi" and she the same. We exchanged comments as we headed towards the bar. It was about 9 o'clock when we pulled into the parking lot. She found a spot and pulled her vehicle in to it. She put the car in park and then looked over at me. She gave me the most beautiful smile I have ever seen, one angels give. 

Now, let me tell you. She is a good friend. I have always dreamt of her, but never, ever have I ever moved beyond that. In fact, I have never, ever told her what I felt about her. We would go out on the weekends, always as a platonic type relationship. Never, in a million years, would I of thought what was about to happen, would of happened. Ever!

She moved a little closer towards me, then her left hand reached up to me left thigh, her long slender fingers ran up the top of my leg towards my crotch. I gasp and she whispered "shhhh" and she leans in, our mouths meet. Our tongues swirl around each other. Her hand moves to the button on my pants, undoes it and unzips them. Her fingers lightly graze the shaft of my cock through my cotton boxers before her hand makes it way to my cock. Her hands are a little cold and this sends a small shiver through my body. She lightly grips the shaft, starts to stroke it.

She makes little circular movements with her hand as she strokes me. I have a little bit or Pre-cum coming out the tip of my cock that she uses it for lubrication. I lightly moan, my hand reaches for her tits. She pushes me away, and lightly says, "this is for me to do to you, you cannot touch". I lightly moaned, the feeling of her smooth cool hand touching my erected penis. 

I looked into her hazel eyes, I could see she was having fun. She started stroking me a little bit quicker, squeezing a little bit tighter. She just kept smiling at me, I finally closed my eyes. That's when I felt a warm liquid touch my cock, that of her own spit. I opened my eyes to see her still staring at me, a grin on her beautiful face. I felt I was in heaven, the hottest chick I know, stroking my cock. I started moving my hips in rhythm with her hand moving up and down my shaft. 

It seemed like it only took 20 seconds, but in reality must of been 10 minutes, I felt my seamen building up deep within my cock. I told her, "I am going to cum," and she started stroking me quicker. "I want you to shoot you load, baby" she moaned. "Shoot it all over my hand." She pitched the tip of my cock as I thrust my hips skywards as I feel my cum trying to shoot out the now pinched off exit. She released her grip and my cum gushed out. It ran all over her hand. I opened my eyes just in time to see her licked it off. 

"God damn" she stated, "Your cum is so sweet."

She smiled at me and without saying anything else opened the driver's side door and got out. She looked back as she closed the door and smiled and then headed towards the club.

As I sat there, watching her very fine ass disappear, my face turned into a big smile.

The hand of fun just jacked me off, and soon, I'll have my turn on her.