 Let me tell you a bit about my adventure last weekend... 

I've been talking to this guy online for the past few days. I have never been more turned on in my life, when it comes to the sweet, juicy, orgasmic words that come out of his mouth. How easily he makes me begin to sweat, and squirm, every minute feeling my snatch becoming wetter and hotter...you'd almost think he was a god of some sort, here to tease me for his own sexual pleasure. 

For the most part, things between us have been fun in a teasing sort of way. He's married, I'm married, we've both known things would never go as far as we describe to each other. The endless hours of sucking, licking, nibbling, thrusting, panting, moaning, even screaming; such pleasurable torment that could only come true in my dreams. That is, until last weekend... 

I made up my mind. If this man is real, I have to meet him. I have to live out every one of the fantasies we talked about. I have to feel his breath on my neck, on my breasts while making his way to my damp, swollen pussy. I have to know the excitement and ecstasy of my pulsing clit being teased for hours by his amazing tongue, while he nibbles on my clit every so often, making me shudder with pleasure, even shrieking at times for him to stop, but begging him to go on. 

And so, without any second thought, I booked a flight to his home town. I didn't know where he lived, didn't know his phone number, but I was determined to find him. And when I did, mmm...I was just waiting for him to make me scream his name as he went to town on me. Hard, fast, slow, biting, scratching, kissing, licking...I wanted it all, and I would get it all. As luck would have it, there was a late night flight that same night, and being in the aroused state that I was in, I booked it immediately. My flight left that evening, around midnight and I figured there wouldn't be many people on the flight, so I didn't worry about getting all dolled up. I slipped on one of my favorite strapless sun dresses, with no panties of course, as I wanted to be comfortable. I was also still slightly wet just from the thought of going to meet this man, and I didn't want to be stuck wearing soaked panties for the entire flight. 

Standing around, waiting to board, I realize that I am practically the only person taking this flight, except for a little old man, and what looks like a newly wed couple. As I board the plane, I notice there are two attendants, one beautifully tanned brunette gal, and a very tall, toned handsome piece of a man, who seem extremely bored, as if they were unwillingly stuck with this shift. However, after glancing my way, their eyes widened in appreciation, and their slow spreading smiles seemed full of mischief. I softly giggle to myself. I love getting this reaction not only from men, but women as well. 

As I settle in my seat, the brunette attendant comes over and introduces herself as Tabitha. She lets me know if there is ANY thing she, or her male counterpart can help me with, for me to let them know immediately. I thank her, and give her a sultry little smile, and ask her for a blanket, as I am a little tired, and the cabin is a bit chilly with just the sundress on. She obliges, but I can see a look of disappointment in her eyes, as I haven't quite asked what she was hoping for. She does, however, let me know that this section of the plane that I'm in is completely empty besides myself, so I can just make myself comfortable. She also lets me know that they will be in the back cabin, so if I need anything, to just press the attendant button. 

After take off, I start to get a little sleepy, so I lift the armrests of the seats next to me, so I can spread out just a bit. I put my back and head against the wall of the plane, and stretch my legs out on the seats beside me. As I drift off to sleep, thoughts of Arthur begin to flood my mind. His want, almost a need to please me any way possible, begins to make my pussy tingle with excitement again. I begin to think of any and every way that I can get off while he is fingering me, tonguing me, pounding me. Thoughts of straddling his face, playing with my clit as he eagerly awaits me to lower my sweet pussy to his mouth, gets me so turned on that I begin to moan, and awake with a jump, hoping no one has heard my pleasure. I quickly sit up to see if anyone is there, and relax when I remember that my cabin is completely empty. Feeling more turned on, and more comfortable, knowing no one is there, I once again lay back, slowly letting the blanket slide from my lap. I know I have once again become soaked down below, and since I am not wearing any panties, there is a faint, pleasant, sweet scent beginning to fill the air. 

I begin to raise my dress just so I can begin to finger myself without making a mess on my dress, and I find that I am wetter and hotter than I imagined. I can feel the heat from my swollen pussy and know that if I don't cum soon, I am going to scream. I begin to slowly rub my legs together, and as I do, I place my hand gently between my legs, over my freshly shaved mound. I slowly run my fingers up and down my drenched slit until one of my fingers brushes against my clit. My body jumps in excitement every time my fingernail grazes that swollen spot. Every time, I let out a muffled moan, I can feel my breathing getting faster, and I realize I have small beads of sweat appearing on my skin. After teasing my self for as long as I can take it, I quickly slip my finger into my begging pussy. I amaze even myself at how wet I am, and pull my finger from my dripping wet hole, and bring it to my lips. I gently rub my finger against my lips, before slowly pushing my finger into my mouth, sucking and licking off every last drop of my sweet pussy juices. yummy... 

I close my eyes again, and return to burying two of my fingers deep inside my cunt. With my eyes still closed, I reach up with my other hand, and pull the top of my dress down to expose my soft, ample breasts. My nipples are standing erect, begging to be pinched, licked sucked. I begin to gently pinch my nipple, as my other fingers continue going to town on my pussy. I'm laying there completely exposed, squirming from my own satisfaction, when I hear a deep voice say 'don't open your eyes, and don't stop'. My hands freeze from sheer embarrassment, but my body is so turned on, that I can't stop grinding my pussy against my fingers. I know I'm so close to climax, and I don't want to lose it. 

I take a peek at the man who is so interested in seeing me pleasure myself, and realize it's the male attendant. I was attracted to him the moment I stepped onto the plane, so I decide to let things play themselves out. I whisper to him that I will be cumming very soon, so he has very little time to do what he wants. The very moment I speak those words, I hear him unzip his zipper, and I hear his pants fall to his ankles. Before he uses his already rock hard dick to penetrate my swollen pussy, he quickly brings his mouth to my pussy lips, and begins to suck me almost dry. It seems he can't get enough, licking up every drop, from my ass to my pussy. He quickly focuses on my clit, sucking and biting, while burying his fingers deeper and deeper inside my pussy. When I tell him I am going to cum, he quickly pulls his fingers from my pussy. He tells me that if I cum now, he's done. But if I'm a good girl, and can wait, he will let me feel his dick in my pussy. Of course I REALLY want a dick in my pussy at this point, so I promise to be a good girl, and not cum until he tells me to. 

I'm still on my back, and he tells me to spread my legs wider. I do so willingly, and he returns one finger to my pussy, as if he's trying to get it as wet as possible. I moan as he again pulls his finger from my pussy, and yelp with ecstasy and he then slides his finger into my ass hole. He has no problem sliding it in, as it is sopping wet from my pussy juices flowing down to it. He can feel my hole tighten in pleasure around his finger as I beg for him to give me more. He tells me to beg like a good girl, and I let it all out. "Please!" I whimper to him. "Please, I can't take it any more! Fill my ass! Fill my pussy! Just please! Fuck me!" He then tells me to roll over and raise my ass into the air. I do so, still begging for him to fill me with his throbbing tool. He grabs my hips, and pulls me back against him, until the tip of him just barely passes through my swollen lips. 

He thrusts hard, covering his dick in my wetness. He pulls out quickly and begins to pull me back again, but this time, I feel his manhood begin to stretch my ass hole as he slides it in. He slides so far in, I can feel his balls push up against my pussy, as I feel his dick throbbing deep within my ass. I arch my back, and push back against him, as I can't seem to get enough of him in me. As much as it hurts, I want that much more. I tell him I want it now. I'm going to come whether he wants me to or not. He in turn, grabs me by the waist again, and begins to slide his cock in and out of my ass. slowly at first, but I can tell he's getting worked up because his thrusts are getting harder and deeper now. my pushing back, and his thrusts create a rhythm that neither of us can or want to break. 

I begin to moan and whimper in pain and ecstasy as he reaches up and grabs a handful of my hair and continues to pound away as my tight little ass hole. Out of nowhere, my body trembles, my hole tightens around him and my juices begin to gush from my pussy. At the same time, I feel his grip tighten on my hair, and I feel one last hard, deep thrust, before I feel his cock jump uncontrollably, and I feel his hot cum fill my insides. 

Not much is said between us as we pull our clothes back on. He tells me his little brunette friend will be by in about twenty minutes with something to drink, and if I ask nicely, I might be able to order a desert. I politely excuse myself to the restroom, to clean myself up a bit, and begin to think about all the possibilities of ordering desert. I'm sure I'll be up to it =)