 "Hey there, I'm James Taylor, your handyman!" The tall man at the door didn't quite look like the James Taylor Bethany remembered. 

"Wait a minute," she thought, "James Taylor died a couple of years ago." 

Seeing the puzzled look on her face, Dan the Handyman said, "Sorry. Bad joke. I'm actually Dan the Handyman. You called me to have a look at some things you might need to have done around the house."

"Right," she replied, remembering she had called for someone to check some things out. "Come on in, I'll show what I need to have done, and you can tell me if you are qualified to do them and of course, how much it will set me back."

"Lead the way, please, and I'll take some notes as we go."

Bethany took him to the basement first. "We had some water damage in here a few months ago, and it's all dried out now, but the baseboards need to be replaced and painted." They moved around the corner into the laundry room. "The dryer seems to not work as well as it used to, and I wonder if the vent is really working."

"Mmmhmm," Dan the Handyman mumbled. He was writing some things down on his notepad, but she couldn't really see it. 

They headed back up the stairs, and Bethany stopped halfway up and turned around. Dan the Handyman's eyes had clearly been on her ass as they ascended the stairs, and slowly rose to meet hers. He started to blush, then consciously pushed the reaction aside. Her heart beat extra hard a couple of times and settled down. "This, uh, handrail, umm, seems to need tightening," she managed to eek out. "Oh my god," she thought, as she turned again and walked up the stairs.

They were standing in the kitchen and Bethany pointed to the light, a double fluorescent job. "I really dislike this harsh fluorescent light, and I'd like a softer, somewhat more ... timeless light fixture installed in its place, one that fits the character of the house."

"Okay," he said, "will there be anything else you'd like to have done?"

"I really want to paint the whole place, at least the inside. I'm pretty good at painting all the flat surfaces, but I'm pretty bad at the corners and cutting in the edges and tight spots. I can't freehand at all, and taping doesn't seem to work for me. It always seeps under the tape."

"Freehand work is my specialty," he said with a sly smile. "Tight spots and hard things don't bother me at all, and I can negotiate the curves and edges pretty easily." 

Bethany wasn't sure at all why she was feeling tingly inside, but every time he spoke it seemed to get worse. She was even having trouble forming thoughts, so distracted was she by something. She shook her head and brought herself back to the present.

"Would you like to get the paint, or shall I do that for you as well? My neighbor manages a paint store, so I know I can get a pretty good deal if you'd like. I even have one of his paint wheels in my truck -- let me just go get that for you."

When the door closed behind Dan the Handyman, Bethany caught her breath. "What the hell?" she wondered, "What is he doing to mesmerize me like that? I had better be careful."

He knocked on the door and pushed it open. "Here is that paint wheel. If you find what you like, I would be happy to get it for you at my cost."

"Great. Thanks. That would help a lot, I guess."

"Oh yea, I get it for about half of retail, so it's a pretty good deal. I should warn you, though. I like to paint topless." He smiled and laughed a bit, and Bethany joined.

"Well, you are welcome to," she replied "but I won't."

They measured the rooms, and figured out how much paint they would need for each room. It seemed pretty straightforward, and Bethany was pleased. "What about me painting the easy parts, you know, the flat stuff, and you just doing the, uh, hard parts?"

"Hmm," he began. "I don't know how I would feel about guaranteeing my work since it would be so entangled with yours. Then again, working side by side with you would certainly have its rewards, so, sure, let's do it. That'd be fine."

"Hmm," she responded. "You know what fine means, right?"

"Fine. Good. Acceptable. Just short of perfect?"

"Nice try, but not even close. Fucked up, Insecure, Neurotic and Emotional."

"Well, then, I guess it would be just short of perfect to work side by side with you painting your place here. I would be working with you, not your husband. Right?"

"He's not too handy -- in any way, so yea, you would be working with me."

"Really? Not handy at all? You're far too beautiful and sensual not to be handled all the time," Dan the Handyman replied. "There's a reason I'm in this business, you know."

"Oh yeah?" was Bethany's rejoinder, "would you care to elaborate?"

"Not really. At least not just yet. But know that I am handy. I am versatile. I am a Jack of all trades."

"Ok then," Bethany sighed, "let's keep going. There are a couple of more things that I need to have done. My bathroom desperately needs an exhaust fan. My dad always called it a 'fart fan,'" she giggled.

Dan broke into a big grin, "Now that's what I'm talking about: a girl who can tell it like it is!"

"And last of all, my rain gutters have never been cleaned out. Do you do that sort of thing?"

"I can," he responded, "but I might have to charge a premium for it. You know that can get pretty grimy and gross -- years and years of buildup and stuff growing and everything like that."

Bethany didn't really know why, but something inside her made her think she would pay him a premium for anything that he did. Instead of saying what she was thinking, she said "I guess we can cross that bridge when we come to it. How soon can you get me an estimate and how soon can you start working?"

"You really do get to the point, so I will too. I'll give you a fixed charge for most of the stuff, and for the rest of it, it'll cost you $30 an hour, and if it takes me longer than I commit to, that's on me. If I finish more quickly, then you'll only pay for actual hours. I'll need to purchase some supplies, which for you I will do on my time. You'd be welcome to come with me if you would like. I can start anytime after I have the supplies, and if you will give me a few minutes, I'll have the numbers for you."

"Sweet," she replied. "Why don't you just have a seat at my table and do your figuring, and then we can talk?"

"That would be perfect," Dan the Handyman replied. "It won't take me long."

He took a seat, laid out a pad of paper, a felt-tip pen and a tape measure. He began doing his calculations, referring occasionally to some pages at the back of the pad. Meanwhile, Bethany went to her cupboard and took out a couple of glasses, then turned to her refrigerator, where she filled them with ice and lemonade. "I hope you like lemonade," she said, placing the glass in front of Dan the Handyman. "I labored over this for hours this morning." She took a seat across the table, sipping her lemonade and looking at him.

"Fabulous. I love lemonade, especially when I know what kind of effort it took to make it," he replied.

Bethany watched him writing, thinking, calculating -- it was so sexy that he did it all in his head, never using a calculator -- checking things out, working through it all step by step. She admired his tanned arms, noticed that his fingernails were clean in spite of his work, inspected the graying at this temples, absorbed the energy she could feel from him, smiled back when he looked up and smiled at her looking at him, and enjoyed being near him and watching him.

"Here you go," he said at last. "I think you will find it complete and sufficiently detailed." He handed a sheet of graph paper filled with her itemized Honey-do list, complete with time estimates and dollar figures.

Bethany scanned it very quickly, then noticed the little line at the bottom, near Dan the Handyman's signature and date that said, "You are a beautiful, sensual woman." She sucked in her breath and said, "Ok, let's go shopping. Your truck or my car?"

"Oh, my truck, of course. We'll need the space, and it's actually clean enough for a lady to ride in!"

The next two hours passed in an instant, purchasing supplies, making choices, laughing, teasing and flirting as if they had known each other forever. By the time they were finished, Bethany was totally taken in by this friendly, gentle, strong handyman. Somewhere between the paint counter and the lumber department, she had decided that when Dan the Handyman painted, she would be painting too.

They had climbed back into his truck with the needed supplies, and Bethany was feeling just a little bit adventurous, a little courageous, maybe intoxicated. "So do you ever accept nature's credit card for your services?" she bravely asked.

"Nature's credit card?" he asked too innocently.

"Yea. You know what I'm talking about."

"Uh, I don't think I do," he insisted. "Maybe you could explain it to this dullard of a handyman, if you would. Please."

They stopped for a red light, and Bethany scooted over a little closer to Dan the Handyman. She put her hand on his crotch and said, "It's when I do some fun, adult things to you instead of giving you money for your services."

He smiled so wide it hurt his face. "Oh, I see," said and began laughing. Bethany realized he had been pulling her leg and slugged his arm. "You bastard!" They both laughed hard, and Dan the Handyman started driving again when he heard the car behind him honk.

He took her hand in his and said, "I guess we'll cross that bridge when we come to it."

"We're at the bridge, pal. Yes or no?"

"Hell yes!"

* * * * *

Dan the Handyman had just finished cutting in the top edge of the living room with the new paint when Bethany walked into the room. He had started sweating and had taken off his shirt just as he had threatened. He turned to look at Bethany and saw that she was wearing a pair of bib overall shorts with no shirt. She was still partially covered, but she even so was showing a lot!

"Nice outfit," he called out. "It looks good on you."

She just smiled and poured some paint into the roller tray. "You had better hustle or I'll catch up with you."

By the time she was ready to roll some paint, he had finished the side and was working along the top of the baseboard. He was moving quickly, and told her to go ahead and start. As he completed the baseboard, she was about halfway across the wall. "Perfect timing he thought. We'll finish just about together."

Just then Dan the Handyman looked at Bethany, and she looked back at him, then reached up and undid the straps holding the bib of her overalls up. He sucked in his breath sharply as her breasts sprang into view. "Oh my god, they are beautiful!" he said without thinking.

"Thank you, I know," she replied smiling. Dan the Handyman's hard-on was obvious, and she watched him adjust. "I hope that doesn't impede your ability to paint." 

"I'm ok," he said breathlessly, "I'm good." He started on the vertical edge of the wall, and looked at Bethany after almost every brushstroke. He had slowed considerably. Bethany continued to work and was shoulder to shoulder with him as they both worked to finish in the same corner of the wall. She brushed against his bare arm and back with her bare breasts, and the sexual tension grew even stronger.

"Pardon me," she said, leaning her chest against his. "This must be one of the hazards of painting topless."

Dan the Handyman gently turned her back to the wall, and holding the roller with her, finished the last part of the wall. They dropped the roller and his brush onto the drop cloth and embraced. He kissed her lips, and she could feel his cock grind into her tummy. Her pussy was so wet it had begun running from her panty-less crotch and down her leg. "Oh god, feel how wet I am," she said. He put his hand between her legs, and could feel her wetness. Bethany's pussy made squishy noises as he pushed his fingers into then pulled them out of her pussy. 

Dan the Handyman gently laid her down on the drop cloth and slid her bib overall shorts the rest of the way off. She lay there naked, perfect tits and shaved pussy totally exposed as Dan the Handyman picked up the still-wet paint roller. He pressed it against her manicured toenails and slowly rolled it upward -- up her foot and ankle, then up her leg to the knee. He paused and enjoyed the shocked look on her face, and continued upward. He rolled the paint up her thigh to her waist, then down the outside of her thigh back to the knee, then up the inside of her thigh, across her pussy and down the inside of her other leg.

He covered her pussy and tummy and tits well, and rolled her neck and arms, all in total silence. Neither spoke nor made any kind of noise. When he finished, Dan the Handyman tossed the roller aside and then took off his clothes and tossed them aside as well. He extended his hands to Bethany. She took them, and he pulled her to himself. 

"Looks like Bethany is a dirty little girl. A nice match for this dirty old man! Now let's get you into the shower and all cleaned up." He led her into the bathroom and she turned on the water for a shower. 

When the water was just right, they both stepped in and began hugging and groping each other. Dan the Handyman held Bethany close and kissed her deeply. Their tongues engaged and danced together. His cock was hard and pressed into her soft tummy. She put her hands on his ass and pulled him closer. Finally she broke the kiss and breathed deeply, almost gasping. 

Without speaking, Dan the Handyman took a washcloth and lathered it up, and began cleaning Bethany. Again, he started at her feet, carefully cleaning every inch, between her toes and all over her foot. He did the same with her other foot, and rinsed both feet clean. He lifted her foot and took her toes into his mouth. He sucked on her big toe, and then on each one successively. He nibbled and sucked, and massaged her foot as he did. Bethany bit her lip not to scream in pleasure. Dan the Handyman kissed her foot, licked and sucked on her instep and across the top of it. He explored it all, kissed it all, worshipped it all, fondled it all, both feet. 

He kissed her mouth again, deeply yet softly, and lathered up the washcloth again. He started at her ankles, carefully washing the paint off. He massaged her lovely calves as he washed, then shaved her lower legs before rinsing off the soap. He kissed then too, with his lips and his tongue, savoring the smoothness and firmness. 

Once again, he kissed her, tasted her tongue and her mouth, explored her with his tongue, then turned to washing her clean. He washed one thigh and then the other, and shaved them both. He washed her ass, and massaged it as he did. Then he took the razor and shaved her pussy. She trembled as he did, as no man had ever attempted that before and she didn't dare trust him. Yet she allowed it, wordless while she wanted to scream in pleasure.

Dan the Handyman took the soap once again, and began cleaning and massaging Bethany's asshole. He pressed his finger against it, and felt her stiffen, then begin to relax. She spread her butt cheeks, and he pressed just a little more, and his finger slipped inside her asshole. He worked it around, and slid it in and out, washing her perfect little bunghole. He finger fucked it for a few minutes, then turned his attention to her pussy.

It was already shaved, and now it was freshly smoothed out. He kissed her pussy lips, the French kissed her pussy. His tongue opened her pussy, and he tasted her juices. He licked her cunt, licked up to her clit and back. She was hard and aroused. He was hard and aroused. His face was buried in her pussy, and he could feel her hands on the back of his head, pressing his face into her. He finally broke away, stood once again, and kissed her. She tasted her own sex on his lips and tongue, faintly sweet, musky and salty. Nice. They kissed, and when he broke the kiss, she knew what was coming.

With a freshly lathered up washcloth, Dan the Handyman washed Bethany's tummy, and then moved to her breasts. In almost worshipful fashion, Dan the Handyman rubbed up, over, around, on, under, and every other direction, her tits. Her nipples hardened again, and gently he cleaned the paint off of them. He washed her neck and arms, and she was completely clean. 

Smiling at Bethany, he lowered his lips to her left nipple and began to suck. He kissed and he nibbled and he sucked. He tasted and he bit and he pulled. He drank her in. He worshipped at the Temple to the Breast. He touched and took her tits in every possible way. And just when Bethany thought she couldn't take any more, he pulled away and turned her around. Dan the Handyman bent her over, and without any warning, buried his cock in her pussy. She braced herself against the shower wall and he fucked her.

Dan the Handyman was a powerful man, and she felt all of his power as he stroked her pussy, pounding her again and again, pulling out and then going balls deep. He fucked her till it took her breath away, then kept on fucking her. He reached around her and rubbed her clit as they fucked, and in seconds she began cumming. It was the first orgasm of her life, and it hit her like a sledge hammer. 

Bethany's pussy clenched and squeezed. Her body tensed up and relaxed and tensed and relaxed as waves of pleasure rolled through her body. As the last bit of orgasm coursed through her, Dan the Handyman came, and his hot jet of cum spurted deep into her cunt. Four times he thrust hard and shot more cum, then he thrust with slower, shorter strokes as his climax faded. 

Dan the Handyman sat down in the tub, and Bethany sat on his lap, taking his cock into her once again. She caressed his balls, and gently played with them. She took the soap and washcloth and washed them ever so gently. 

They rested a bit, enjoying the water running over them. At last Bethany stood, and began washing Dan the Handyman all over. She paid special attention to his asshole, and with a gleam in her eye, she said, "Oh, trust me. You're going to love what I'm going to do to you."