 Now you have to understand that I am a flirt. I love to flirt, but I don't flirt to have anything come of it. However, if there is that possibility I won't run away from it because as much as I love to flirt I really love to fuck.

The head of our department is fairly young and nice looking. I didn't immediately start a little flirtation with him, but over time it sort of developed. I could say that he started it and I just followed along, but I think it was simultaneous. This explains what happened at a recent meeting we had that brought several people in from the all over and required a lot of work to make it a success.

James, the department head, was the first speaker, giving the welcome and his own talk. He actually arrived early and we went to the auditorium together so I could help him set up. The sexual tension was palpable and I wished I had decided to wear a skirt instead of slacks that day. I never wear panties when I wear skirts as you never know when there might be an opportunity to have your pussy quickly diddled, eaten, or fucked and a quicky is so much easier when you are wearing a skirt. Duty called and I had to leave to check in the attendees and other speakers and I didn't get to see him until later.

At both the coffee break and at the lunch break he sought me out to thank me for organizing this meeting. I made sure to remind him of the reception at the end of the even and to reassure him that he would be able to park in our building if he wished. I knew that if something was going to start between the two of us, that is where it would happen. This is why, when I went home to take care of the animals and to change clothes, I decided to wear a skirt. A full skirt. This is important because if you need to straighten up quickly, a full skirt falls into place without any fussing. You women will appreciate that.

I arrived at the reception venue first so that I could direct people to the reception rooms. I began to get worried and disappointed as James didn't arrive with the first group. He did leave the meeting in the afternoon session as he had a meeting with one of the company heads and I thought that he might have decided to skip the reception. He didn't and arrived about 10 minutes after another group had arrived. 

I mingled during the whole reception. A one point, we happened to be at the same table and he actually reached across the table to grab my hand as he was thanking me again for my work with the meeting and the reception. Not wanting tongues to wag, I turned this into a right handed handshake and quickly removed my hand. This wasn't so easy the next time has he took my hand in a proper handshake later and then covered my hand with his other hand and held on. It is important to be discreet if you are looking to have a work place dalliance and sometimes men forget about that because the little head is doing all the thinking at that point.

The reception was winding down and we are among that last leave and everyone was working out who is going which way. James had parked at the reception venue and offered to drive me to the underground parking garage at the office. I told him that I was going to walk with one of the other guests as his hotel is nearby and he would just continue on. James offered to give the guest a ride to his hotel and we left. He dropped off the guest first and then took me to the garage. Our main office is a few miles away and so he has access to this garage and can drive me directly to my car. When he entered the garage I pointed to my car which was parked fairly close to the electronic gates. He didn't take me there, but drove further down into the garage. As he did this, he put a hand on my leg and I understood and adjusted my skirt so that he could slide a hand under it and move up to my pussy if that was his goal. It was and he asked me if I am discreet and I assure him that I am and then remind him that there are cameras in the garage and we find a place out of range. 

He discovered that fingering my pussy makes me very wet and when he removed his fingers, he licked them was very appreciative of my taste. He got out of the car and came around to my side, opened the door and moved my legs around. He then moved my skirt higher and spread my legs and dove under my skirt and started feasting on my dripping pussy like a starving man. As is my habit when I am really turned on, I started talking dirty to him.

"Tongue fuck me, baby" I tell him. "Drive that tongue deep inside my hot, wet cunt. Slide a couple of fingers in my ass and finger fuck my ass." 

He stopped eating my pussy long enough to ask, "Do you like to have your ass fucked?"

"Oh, yes." I say. "I love to have a nice hard cock slide slowly into my ass and then start fucking me hard."

The only answer I get after that is an "ummmmmmm" as he had gone back to eating my pussy and with more fervor. He did slide a couple of fingers in my ass and that told me that he would be fucking my ass at some point. 

We didn't have time then, but we made arrangements for him to stop by on the way to work early Monday morning. There is a place where we can have privacy and not worry about somebody just walking in. In fact, I knew of a space within that space that would be even more private. He continued to eat my pussy and finger fuck my ass and until I came all over his face. He stood up and whipped out his cock and told me to watch him stroke his cock and shoot his jism. He didn't want me to suck his cock, yet. Later he said, when we had more time. It didn't take him long to stroke himself to a nice cum and he shot it on the garage walls. I walked over and took some on my fingers from the tip of his cock and licked them clean and told him I couldn't wait to suck his cock. I then kissed him long and deep and pressed my titties against his chest. We said good bye and he took me back to my car. 

At 7:00 a.m. on Monday, we met in the basement procedure room and I took him into a corridor off the mechanical room. There is no other access to this area. He brought condoms and I had the K-Y jelly. I couldn't wait until he felt the tightness of my asshole when it came time to slide his cock in. 

As soon as we were in the corridor, he pressed me against the wall and started kissing me. I took one of his hands and slid it under my sweater to my tits. I had already unhooked my bra, so as soon as his had reached the bottom of my bra, it came away from my titties and he had access to their fullness and heaviness (I am a 38DD). My nipples were already hard and he pinched them to make them even harder. I started to rub against his cock and I could feel him getting hard. I slid a hand down and unzipped his pants and gently pulled his cock out. I do love the feel of cock in my hands, especially one that is nice and hard. I love the velvety feel of cock and I love to gently dance my fingers over the head and under the glans. Oh, the promise of what is to come.

He moaned as soon as I had his cock in my hand and I break the kiss. I told him to suck on my titties and to start fingering my pussy. If he thought my pussy was wet the previous Friday night, he was amazed at how absolutely sopping wet it was that Monday morning. It had started to drip down my legs. He took some of that wetness and rubbed it on my ass and made that comment that we probably wouldn't need the K-Y jelly. I already knew that, but I always like to be prepared in case my pussy gets eaten first and there isn't much left to lube up my asshole.

I showed him my trick with the condom by taking it in my mouth. I leaned over and took his cock in my mouth and rolled the condom on it using my teeth and lips. That really turned him on and he actually got a little harder. I knew I was going to enjoy this ass fucking. What at nice hard cock.

I bent over a chair that was there and braced myself. James went behind me and played with my pussy from behind. He took some of my natural lubrication and thoroughly lubed up my ass and then he rammed his cock deep in my pussy. What a wonder surprise!! A couple of strokes in my cunt and then he moved to my ass and slowly slid his cock in my willing asshole. He didn't rush it until I started to push against him as I wanted all of him in my ass. As soon as he was in my ass up to his balls, he grabbed my hips and started pounding away. I love a good ass fuck. He reached around and started to play with my pussy and at this point, I grabbed my own surprise -- a vibrator. 

I slid the vibe into my pussy and had it on low. He continued to rub my clit and fucking my ass, but with more urgency as he could feel the vibe against his cock. I brought this because this was our first fuck and I wasn't sure how long he would last and we didn't have much time and the vibe in the pussy tends to hasten an ass fuck cum. It worked and it wasn't long before we both came. He pulled out of my ass and quickly removed the condom. He then asked me to quickly remove the vibe from my pussy and as soon as I did, he rammed his cock deep inside me and finished cumming in my pussy. I would have his cum in me as a reminder for the rest of the day. 

When he pulled out of my pussy, I turned around and leaned over and cleaned his cock for him and then gave him a deep kiss like I did on Friday night. Nothing like the mix of cums for breakfast.

We straightened ourselves up and made plans on how we would continue. We decided that we would have a fuck affair not a love affair. It's better that way. Realizing that we were both very busy, we would keep each other informed of possible opportunities.

The next opportunity wasn't that far off and had some additional fun attached to it.

Now as many of you already know, I have a friend with some decidedly wonder benefits. We have known each other for years and it was a few years ago that we decided to fuck and we do enjoy fucking each other. Well, as it happened that friend was making a trip to Seattle for business. Coincidentally, it was the same weekend that James and I had worked out a time to get together for something more than a quicky. I know that my friend wouldn't object to having another man in the room just as I don't object to having another woman. I just didn't know how James would take it. I would just have to ask him.

My next message to him laid it all out. I believe in being open and honest. I told him that there wouldn't be any penetration involved with him or my friend and he would only have to stroke and suck my friend's cock if that is what he wanted. Mostly this would be about fucking me and doing a double penetration. Anything else would be a bonus to the fun. He asked me to get my cell phone and go to where it was private so he could call me. When he did, I went over all this again and I described my friend's cock and how he likes to eat my pussy and fuck me and wouldn't James like to watch that and then be watched while he fucks me?? This intrigued him and he agreed to my friend joining us. I couldn't wait and I knew that once I told my friend he would get hard thinking about it.

I thought it best if my friend, Bob, and I met first. It had been a long time since we fucked and I wanted to have him before James joined us. I went to his hotel and he greeted me at the door totally naked. A very nice greeting. I entered quickly and immediately bent over and took his cock in my mouth. I have missed his taste and aroma.

As he moved backwards, I started removing clothing. First my skirt, slip and shoes. Bob pulled my top up and I slipped my arms out and he unfastened my bra and it fell to the floor. I had to remove my mouth from his cock to finish undressing but that was ok as we were now at the bed and we tumbled onto it. He moved down and started eating my pussy. Bob is a great lover and he is excellent at pussy eating. Just the thought of him eating my pussy makes me drip. 

I pulled his head up and kissed him and told him he needed to fuck me now and fuck me hard. His cock felt so good in my pussy. I have missed him fucking me. He leaned forward and sucked on my tits. He knows that I love to have my nipples pinched, nibbled and pulled. Playing with my tits made my pussy even wetter and you could hear it squish as he rammed his cock in and out. I pulled him tight to me and told him I was about to cum and I wanted him to cum with me. I reached down and found his balls and started massaging them. It wasn't long before we both came and we collapsed in a sweaty tangle of arms, legs, cock and pussy. We rested a bit and then got up to take a quick shower to just get a bit of the sweat sheen off us. I wanted to meet James with the aroma of having just fucked still lingering. We got dressed and headed to the bar where we were to meet James.

He was there when we arrived and the smart man got a booth. After making introductions, I slipped in first so that I would be in between the 2 men. The waiter came over and took our order and as soon as he left, I dropped my hands down and soon had each hand massaging a cock through pants material. Bob knows I like to do this, but James has had the pleasure of being with me like this and he was a little startled at first, but soon relaxed and enjoy it. I saw the waiter approaching with our drinks and removed my hands and had them back on the table before he reached us. After our drinks were served and we toasted to the evening, I returned to massaging cocks. I soon had their pants unzipped and their cocks out so I could have hard cocks in my hands. I would take turns using one hand and then the other to lift my glass to drink my wine.

James started to ask Bob is I am always like this and when the answer was yes, James asked a lot of other questions. 

James: "What else does she do in restaurants?"

Bob: "She has been known to drop down under the table and rearrange the table cloth so that she can suck cock."

James: "What else?"

Bob: "She definitely expects the favor to be reciprocated, so you had better be willing to slide under the table and eat her pussy."

James: "Anything else I should know?"

Bob: "Yes. She is also very willing to have another woman join in. I know that she has explained that I don't do penetration with another guy, but have no problem stroking another guy or even sucking his cock. She will eat pussy, use a vibe on the other woman either in the pussy or in the ass. She will also help you fuck another woman. Basically, she is willing to do most anything. She loves sex."

James: "Wow!!! I guess she could probably teach me a few things."

Bob: "Ahhhh. Yes, she could. Has she told you about her toy collection? Not yet?, Well, she has soft restraints, a strap-on, several vibrators, blindfolds, a flogger, nipple clamps, and videos."

James: "There is no other word, but WOW!!! She comes off as being rather innocent when you meet her. If you are looking for it, you can see the sexuality and sensuality, but I would have never thought that she was that adventurous."

Bob: "She is. The thinks she things of......"

At that I came up from my place under the table having gone from cock to cock as they talked. When I was settled, I gave each of them a look and James was the first to dive under the table and start eating my pussy. Who would have thought he would have been so enthusiastic about it. Then he did something that surprised both Bob and me, he took hold of Bob's cock and started stroking it. He was a little awkward at first and I said loud enough for James to hear but not the rest of the bar, that he should just think that he was stroking his own cock and that helped.

I was so turned on by the fact that James was so willing to eat my pussy in a public place and also stroke Bob's cock, that I came all over his face. Bob had to hold my and talk to me so that I wouldn't create a scene in the bar and get us kicked out or arrested for lewd behavior. I passed James a napkin to wipe his face before he came back up to his place in the booth. He asked Bob if he was going to have the pleasure as well and Bob told him that he wouldn't that night, but some other night when the 3 of us got together. 

With cocks tucked back into their proper places and my skirt back in place, we got up and talked about the 'restaurant' we were headed to for a great meal. Of course, that was a ruse and the meal would be me for them and them for me and off we went to Bob's hotel room for an evening of fun and frolic.

Because Bob and I had already fucked, we decided that James would get me first and Bob would watch. As soon as we entered the room, I grabbed James and planted a long, wet one on him. As I kissed him, I started to undress him and Bob started to undress me. Bob, being very quick to undress himself because he wasn't wearing much to begin with, was already naked and started to play with my ass guiding me as I guided James to the bed. Once on the bed, I moved down James body to his cock and started to suck it again. Bob sat in a chair at the end of the bed and started to slowly stroke his cock while he watched me suck James' cock and looked at my ass and pussy. He could see that I was starting to get very wet.

I moved around so that James could eat my pussy as I sucked on his cock. This way I could also watch Bob stroke his cock. I ground my pussy against James' face as I took his cock deep in his mouth. I took him deep and then slowly came up and swirled my tongue around the top of his cock and into the tip. Under the glans and back down I would go. I moved a hand to his balls and started massaging them as I suck. I motioned for Bob to go get the razor and shaving cream as we were going to shave James' balls. I was in the habit of shaving my pussy and Bob also shaved his balls. 

James was (and still is) married. I didn't know then and don't know now and don't want to ever know what his relationship with wife involves, but I was sure that we could come up with some plausible answer to explain the shaved ball should he need to have an answer. The shaving cream we were using was the kind that actually got warm when applied. We didn't want anything to deflate this rigid part of his anatomy. Bob came over and applied the shaving cream while I continued to suck and grind my pussy against James' face. He then took the razor and quickly and gently shaved all the hair off. Once it was all gone and the shaving cream rinsed off, and licked all the way down James' cock to his balls. I took them into my mouth and sucked and moved my tongue all over them, especially the underside. He couldn't believe how this felt. I love to suck shaved balls as there is no problem with pubic hair getting in our mouth. I think this is why guys like to eat bare pussy.

I now needed to have James cock in my pussy and I moved around and straddled him. Before I engulfed his cock with my pussy, he reached down and felt his newly shaved balls. He loved the feel of them. He held his cock and balls as I slowly impaled myself. He moved his thumb around so that on every down stroke it rubbed my clit. Bob couldn't wait any longer and moved onto the bed and started playing with my titties. I reached over and started stroking his cock. James was watching this and I felt his cock getting harder. Bob moved a hand around to my ass and slid a couple of finger up my ass and started finger fucking my ass. James removed his hand from where it was on my waist and began to fondle Bob's balls and Bob's cock got bigger and harder in my hand after that. 

We tried to hold out as long as possible, but eventually it all became too much to bear and we all came. Bob, not having his cock in any orifice, came all over me and James. When he was done, he helped me off James and laid me between the 2 of them. Ahhhhh, heaven. After we caught our breath, we all trooped into the bathroom to take a shower. There is nothing like take a shower with other people. It usually ends up being more fun and this was no exception.
