 A year and a half ago, I had what seemed like the most humiliating night of my life. It was my dad's birthday, and we took him to his favorite casual restaurant. "We" means my live-in boyfriend Chuck, my mom, my sister Teresa and me. To make things simpler, I was going to put it all on my Visa, and Teresa would pay me cash for her share. I handed the waiter my card, and he brought it back. It had been rejected.

My mom tried to cover for us. "I'll pay for my own and Teresa's," she said.

"No, Mom, it's Dad's night," Teresa said. "I can cover the two of you and myself. Daisy can pay for herself and Chuck."

I was mortified. I was 23, and this would have been my first time treating Mom and Dad, and it was all going to hell. I told them, "Thanks, but I've got another card." I handed the waiter my Discover. That was declined too. 

"I'll take care of it," Dad insisted. "You can pay me back when everything's straightened out."

"Not ours," I insisted. "I'll find a way to pay for it." Dad relented and paid for everyone but us, and they left me and Chuck alone. Meanwhile, I called up my Visa statement on my smart phone. Apparently the payment I'd made the night before hadn't posted. Awkward, but only my fault if you figure I shouldn't have taken for granted that it was there. Then I did the same with the Discover card. It was a new card, so it didn't have a large line of credit, but it should have been enough. It would have been, but there was a $700 purchase from an auto shop. I knew the date and the name. Chuck had used my card to pay for the stereo he'd put in his car. When I looked up, I realized that Chuck had left! When the waiter came back, I asked, "Can I leave my other card here while I go get some cash? I know there's money in my checking account."

"I'm sorry, but I can't do that. If you don't come back, I have to pay for your food. Well, the part that your dad didn't already cover."

"Do people wash dishes any more? I'm running out of options."

"Our dishwashers are automatic. Let me get my supervisor."

This just got worse. I didn't know what the consequences would really be, but I pictured myself being led away in cuffs. A guy who looked about 30 came to my booth and sat opposite me. "I'm Tom, the head of the wait staff. Ed tells me your cards were both declined?"

I was able to keep myself from breaking into tears. It wasn't the spectacle that would have bothered me; it was knowing that I'd let Chuck put me in this spot. An idea came into my head. I rubbed his calf with my shin. "Is there anything I can do to pay my bill off? My cards are maxed out, and Ed doesn't want you to charge him for my food. I really don't want to get the police involved." He hadn't said anything, so I moved my foot up until I thought I felt his dick, and I rubbed it with my heel. I noticed that Tom had a better shave than his subordinates, and he looked more concerned for me than for Ed's paycheck.

Tom looked in my eye as if to confirm what I was offering. I nodded. "Follow me," he said. He led me into the men's restroom. We walked into one of the stalls. He made sure I went in first so he could close the latch, but once we were in, we got turned around. He dropped his pants and sat on the toilet seat. I inhaled for a moment, appreciating the irony of how I was avoiding an arrest. "I'm so glad my staff keeps a clean restroom," he observed.

"You and me both," I agreed. What I was about to do was demoralizing enough without having to smell other people's bodily fluids.

Once I was on my knees, Tom moved forward until I couldn't see the seat or the bowl. "There. Not only is there nothing for you to smell, now you can't even see anything to remind you where we are."

"You're already more considerate than my boyfriend," I told him.

"You need a new boyfriend," Tom told me. I wrapped my hand around his dick and started stroking him. Once he was hard, I bent down, pulled the foreskin back and licked the head. I'd probably seen an uncircumcised dick before, but never when I was sucking it. Seeing the skin come back up toward me when I let go wasn't exactly a turn-on, but it made it seem more personal, a reminder that there was a person attached to the dick. I saw his hands go forward. I waited to feel them on the back of my head like the last time I'd sucked Chuck off, but he put them on my shoulders and steadied me. I tried to go down quickly, but Tom's hands forced me to slow down. "Take your time, Daisy," he said. "You're sweating. Why don't you take your shirt off?"

"You're right, I am," I said. I hadn't noticed it. I undid my blouse and removed my bra while I was at it. I got up and hung them on the hook on the door. Even though no one who walked in would have doubted what we were doing, I didn't want them to be visible. When I turned around, Tom had scooted back to give me more room. Seeing his dick in the air, I knew what was going to come, so I took my jeans and underwear off while I was standing. I knelt in front of him again. This time I lifted his dick in the air and licked the underside of the shaft. When I was close enough, I licked his balls as well. That was when I noticed how long his dick had gotten. Chuck's dick is a nice size, but Tom's looked majestic with all the veins standing out. I took it into my mouth again and this time I took the entire length. I went up and down quickly and shook my chest so he could see my tits.

"Are you doing that because you like it, or does Chuck make you do that?" Tom asked.

I let him out long enough to answer, "I'm doing it 'cause I want you to enjoy it. Are you?"

I got him back in just as he said, "Hell, yeah." I got back up to my earlier speed, and he added, "Oh, definitely! I'm gonna come!" He took his hands off my shoulders. "You don't have to-" I'd sucked the air out of my mouth and was being treated to his cum before he could finish the sentence. When I'd swallowed the last of it, I got up. "Wow," was all he could say.

I turned around and put my hands on the stall door. "How do you want it?" I asked. "Like this?" Then I turned around and moved forward so my legs were around his. I moved as though I were going to sit. "Or like this?"

Tom took my hands and eased me onto his lap. He lifted my feet, and I put them around his waist. "Now no one can see you," he pointed out. He reached between us and started fingering me. I leaned forward just to keep my balance, and he kissed me. I scooted forward, getting his hand away from my pussy and getting his head right at the opening. Tom put his hands on my butt and pulled me closer. His cockhead slid in. Keeping his arms around my chest, he let me lean back. He leaned forward with me and sucked on my tits. They're small but very firm. "The fact that you're letting me do this means your boyfriend's an idiot," he said. "Does he even appreciate these?"

With a gleam in my eye, I said, "Not as much as you. In fact, I sometimes catch him looking at pictures of big-busted women. Not even the hardcore kind, just naked tits." I moved forward again. I liked the attention, but I didn't want to get a concussion from a stall door.

"Well, they're like dicks," Tom said. "Firmness is more important than size."

I moved up closer, getting more of his cock in my cunt, and I kissed him. "Fuck me!" I ordered him. "Fuck me harder!"

"Get up and I will," he said.

We disengaged ourselves. I stood up and turned my back to him. His cock felt even better entering from behind than it did sitting down. "Oh, shit!" I exclaimed. Once he was securely inside my cunt, he put his hands on my tits and caressed them. "Yes! Yes!" I groaned. "Fuck that cunt! Fuck that cunt!"

I could feel his cock getting wider when he asked, "Do you want-?"

"Fuck, yes!" I shouted. Remembering where we were, I lowered my voice. "Come inside me! Come in my cunt!" I was panting as I felt him filling me up with his jizz. He kept coming for a couple minutes. Tom's cock felt good going in and out, but what made me come was thinking about the sweet revenge I was getting on Chuck. I felt his dick go limp and slip out of me. I turned around and asked him with a grin, "Can I get another meal next week for the same price?"

"Sure!" Tom answered. I put my clothes back on, and we discussed our schedules.

Tom was off on Thursdays. For the next three Wednesdays, I brought Chuck there. Each time, once he was away, I told the waitress that Tom was going to cover my bill except for the appetizers. That way I still got a check, but Chuck didn't know how I was paying for it. I loved knowing that Chuck's food was paid for by screwing Tom all night long the night after. I moved out the next weekend.

As I said, that was a year and a half ago. Now Tom and I live together. Well, it's me, Tom and Robin. I named our son Robin because it's in the name of the restaurant where he was conceived.