 The summer heat hit us as we emerged from the cool shade of the forest. I spread my arms and said, "Behold."

Melissa looked around at the camping area and out at the little lake. "This is so beautiful!"

"And all just for you," I said.

She set her heavy backpack on the ground and groaned with relief. "Oh, it feels good to get that off." She wiped sweat from her face and behind her neck.

I set my pack down beside hers. "Yeah. Modern packs are comfortable, but it's still a lot to carry."

"Good thing you were carrying most of it. I felt like I was going to die about halfway along the trail."

"It looked like you were doing okay. You should have said something. We could have taken more rest breaks."

"No way, mister. If you weren't going to rest, neither was I."

Her competitive spirit is one of the things I liked about Melissa. Though she was shy, she had played competitive sports growing up and always put heart and soul into everything, even at something new- like hiking in the wilderness with a guy she met only a month ago. 

"No need to kill yourself," I said, stretching and rotating my sore shoulders. "And to be honest, I could have used a few more breaks too. Haven't done this in a while."

The trail we had taken wound through the thick forest for miles and curved around little lakes. They were large ponds, really. On each lake, the park service had cleared the ground for two campsites, a couple hundred feet apart. Except for a shared outhouse back in the woods and a circle of rocks for a fire pit, there was nothing. Each site was just a wide area of bare ground sloping from the edge of the forest down to the lake.

The other campsite is empty. I said pointed over to it and said, "If we're lucky, we won't have any neighbors this weekend." I wiped my face, feeling the salt from the dried sweat and grime that had accumulated during the long hike. I said, "Well, I'm hot and I'm dirty. I'm gonna go for a swim. Want to join me?"

Melissa looked at me. "Oh. You didn't say to bring a bathing suit."

"Well, no one else is around; I think we can skip them."

She gasped. "What? No! Are you kidding me? We can't do that!"

This was what I did not like about Melissa: her outrageously strict upbringing. She had told me her parents taught her from a young age that men and women had separate roles in life, that sex was shameful and only wicked weak sluts enjoyed it. Men were incapable of controlling themselves around women, and she'd get pregnant and die in the agony of childbirth if she ever let a man touch her.

By high school, Melissa knew none of this was true. She didn't agree at all with her parent's strict views and the guilt they inflicted on her, but they had drilled it into her for so long that it took conscious effort to shake it. She hated the feelings of guilt whenever she felt attracted to a guy, and the fear always in the back of her mind that at any moment they would jump her.

When she left home to go to university, she was determined to overcome these feelings. For the first time, she hung out with guys as friends and then eventually, with great effort, even dated a few. But Melissa said I was only the fourth guy she had ever dated, even though now at twenty-four Melissa had graduated and started a promising career.

"But I'm not a virgin," she said to me one evening. We were at her apartment, talking and sipping wine when the subject of sex came up.

In a very shy voice, she had said, "I did it with Tony, my second boyfriend. We had been together for two years, and we both thought it was time. But it was awful. I think he got all his sex education from watching porn. He was rough, and it hurt and he was like a jackhammer."

Melissa said she had done it two more times but it wasn't any better. The guilt she still felt from her upbringing didn't help, and she hadn't had sex since, much to the frustration of the few guys she dated later.

I wasn't frustrated. Not yet, anyway. We had been seeing each other for only a month but we really clicked- she was smart, fun and beautiful, and we had a great time doing things together. But I quickly learned that anything more than kissing and cuddling was too much for her just yet.

I told her that I understood and would never force her into anything. I encouraged her efforts in stretching her comfort zone to fight what her overly strict parents had ingrained.

This camping trip was part of it. Though she'd only known me for a short time, she said she trusted me and had never been camping. When I expressed doubt that she could survive a five-hour hike and roughing it in the woods, her competitive spirit kicked in and she quickly agreed.

The lake looked very inviting. I pulled off my sweat-soaked shirt and said, "I'm hot and covered in grime and I'm gonna go for a swim. You can turn around if you need to."

"Oh my God, I can't believe you're doing this," she said.

"You know, you could also come in."

She gasped, "No way."

"You could keep your underwear on."

I could see she was considering it. Then she turned her back and said "Go on. Tell me when it's safe to look."

I pulled off my clothes and padded down to the water. It was a sunny day, and the water was warm. I started wading out, but it was shallow and muddy. After a few minutes of wading, the water was still only just above my knees.

I looked back at the shore. To my surprise, Melissa had turned around and was watching me. The second she saw that I had seen her, gave a little squeak and spun around again.

Now the water was finally above my waist. I called out "It's okay to look now... again."

I dove into under the cool water and swam farther out. When I came up for air, I was near the center of the little lake and my feet couldn't touch the bottom. Floating on my back, I enjoyed the cool water and the peaceful feeling of being out in the wild.

There was a hurried splashing from the shore. I was amazed to see Melissa running into the water without a stitch of clothing.

She was too far away to see much detail. I had a good idea already that she didn't have enormous boobs, but now they seemed a little bigger than I had pictured. Her hips were wide and she had an amazingly narrow waist, giving her a true hourglass figure. I made out just a little patch of fur above her crotch before she got deep enough to dive forward and start swimming.

Melissa reached the center of the lake but kept well away from me. Her head bobbed as she traded water, grinning at me.

"Wow, Melissa. You're full of surprises."

"I can't believe I'm doing this," she said, "but this feels soooo good."

"Told you. Nothing better after a long hike. And it's been too long since I did a hike that long. I'm out of shape."

"You looked pretty good to me." 

"Yeah, I saw you peeking. I thought you'd be too embarrassed."

Melissa smiled and said, "I'm supposed to be stretching the comfort zone, remember? Nice buns, by the way."

"Thanks. Wish I could return the compliment, but you were too far away for me to get a good look."

"Good. But don't get any funny ideas just because I'm doing this."

"We're skinny dipping. Heck, YOU'RE skinny-dipping. My head is getting all kinds of ideas, Melissa."

She looked just a little scared.

I said, "You can trust me, you know that."

"I... I know," she said, looking embarrassed.

"Except," I said, "you're naked and only ten feet away. The temptation. I'm starting to lose control... you're too beautiful. Too sexy! You're turning me into... a sex monster!"

I growled dramatically and surged towards her with a huge splash. Melissa shrieked and with a smile, turned and swam away. I swam after her but she was a much stronger swimmer. Every time I got close, she laughed, splashed, and was gone under the water, only to pop back up at some unexpected spot far away.

After one chase, I was treading water in the middle of the lake, looking around waiting for her to resurface. She did- right in front of me, just out of arm's reach.

She said, "You're a horrible swimmer, you know."

"Hey, I was never on the varsity swim team like you."

She said nothing but moved a little closer, looking me in the eyes, still with that little smile. 

The water was the color of very strong tea. Looking down I could just make out the top of her boobs, but that was all.

She moved closer, still with the same little grin. Just when it seemed that she was going to kiss me, she grabbed the tops of my shoulders and with all her weight, dunked me under the water.

I fumbled and came up sputtering. By the time I got the water out of my eyes, Melissa was far away, swimming back to shore. I went after her, but I was only halfway when she was already wading through knee-deep water.

"Nice buns too," I called out. And they were. Her ass was broad and toned, accentuated by that incredibly narrow waist. She smiled at me over her shoulder, then teasingly waggled her bum before she ran back to her backpack.

Melissa had herself wrapped in a towel by the time I got there. I was still naked so she had a clear view of all of me. She checked me out from top to bottom, a little wide-eyed.

I stood and let her look.

"Uh, are you planning to cover up anytime soon?"

"Why? It's just skin. And besides, you're wearing the only towel we have."

"What? You only brought one towel?"

"This is backpacking. Every ounce matters."

"Grrr. Okay, then turn around. I'll hand you the towel and I'll get dressed."

"Well, I dunno," I said teasingly. "You've had a really good look at me. The most I've seen of you is your bum from a distance."

"So?"

"So, it's not fair," I pouted dramatically.

She rolled her eyes. "Guys. You really are just little kids at heart, aren't you?"

I nodded eagerly with an exaggerated, hopeful look.

"Fine," she sighed, then with a little hesitation, dropped the towel to her side. She looked away, self-conscious and blushing.

"There," she said. "Satisfied?" 

I was lost for words. I had just been teasing her and never expected Melissa to do actually anything. But here she was, exposing herself completely to me, despite the shame and fear I knew she must be feeling. 

I examined her with the same scrutiny she had just given me. Her breasts were good handfuls that jutted out with a gravity-defying firmness. Her small areolas were capped by modest nipples. That incredibly narrow waist flared into wide hips that made her look so womanly. There was a cute tuft of trimmed fur was just above otherwise bare pussy lips. She was breathtaking.

"Are you done yet," she asked, still looking away.

"Can you give me until sunset?" I said. "You're so beautiful, Melissa. I could look at you all day."

"I am not beautiful. My ass is too big, my boobs are too small."

"Your boobs are just right, and you have a lovely full bum. You have nothing to be self-conscious about."

"Liar," she said, but I could see her smile.

"You can look at me too, you know," I said.

Melissa summoned enough courage to back look at me, but while I had been drinking in the site of her naked body I had naturally started to stiffen. When she saw my half-hard penis, she gasped and drew back, unable to take her eyes off it.

"Sorry," I said. "It's a natural reaction."

She stared at my penis, transfixed. "What? Oh, uh, I know. It's just... a little scary."

I grinned. "My dick is scary?"

"Huh? Oh, no, I didn't mean that, silly. It's a little intimidating to see a guy getting, uh, excited."

"Well, it's hard to avoid. I AM standing here stark naked in front of an incredibly beautiful woman."

Melissa looked up at me then back at my dick. "I know. I mean, my head knows how bodies work and everything. But according to my parents, the next thing that happens is you rape me and leave me to die in the woods."

"Yeah, you're right." I gestured to the forest around us. "These woods are littered with the remains of all the women I've lured out here to their doom."

"You ass. That's not funny!"

"Got you smiling, though."

"You're terrible." She laughed.

I paused. "I would never hurt you, Melissa."

"I know. I know."

"And you're really brave."

"I'm not brave. I'm... terrified."

"No, you're brave. C'mon. First, you agree to hike in the woods with some guy you just met. Then you go skinny-dipping. And now you're naked in broad daylight in front of an equally naked guy. Pretty courageous, considering it was two weeks after we met before you'd even kiss me."

She smiled weakly.

I said, "But if you're not comfortable with anything, you say so, okay?"

"Okay."

"Promise? This is supposed to be fun."

"It's okay. I'm okay." She looked at me. "Really."

"Good. Then if you don't mind, mademoiselle" I said, stepping forward and pulling the towel out of her hand, "I need to dry off. And you should go get dressed, okay?"

"Okay."

I started drying my hair, and Melissa went over to the backpacks. I couldn't help sneak another look at her beautiful bum as she walked away. She crouched down and started rummaging in her backpack. 

Once I was dry I walked over beside her and opened my own pack.

She paused and sat back on her haunches. She said, "That was really nice, you know."

"What was?" I asked, pulling items out of my pack.

"Swimming. Skinny-dipping. Then being naked in front of each other. I've never felt so free! I think I see the appeal."

"Appeal?"

"Nudists. Nudism. Naturists. You know."

"Oh," I said. "Well, yeah. I see what you mean. I've swum naked a few times and it is nice. But I never walked around in the buff all day. And I don't think I could ever handle being naked in front of a bunch of strangers."

"Oh, me neither. I'd just die!"

"But you feel all right being naked in front of me?"

Melissa thought for a moment. "I trust you, so I guess that makes it more comfortable. It's not really sexual, is it? I mean, it is a little, but not really. And I like... I like seeing you."

Pausing, I said, "You know, in that case, since there's no one else here..."

Melissa looked at me mischievously. "...we could just skip getting dressed for a while?"

"Exactly."

"I've never done that before."

"Me neither."

"Uh, can you keep yourself under control?"

"You know I can. But I dunno... can you control yourself?"

Melissa shook her head. "Oh no. That wasn't part of the agreement."

"What?"

"Our agreement, remember? I agreed to go hiking provided you didn't jump me. I never agreed not to jump you."

"Pretty one-sided agreement, if you ask me. Whatever was I thinking?"

"Let's try it."

"What, go around naked?"

"Yes. Want to?"

"I'm a guy. No guy would turn down the opportunity to see a beautiful woman naked. Of COURSE I want to."

Melissa chuckled. "Well, okay! Then let's do it. But just... no funny business, mister."

"Right. I won't crack any jokes at all."

"You know what I mean."

So we put our clothes back into our packs, stood up and faced each other.

"This is going to be interesting," I said, looking her over a second time. "Sure you're okay with this?"

"No, I'm NOT sure," she said, looking me over too. "But I want to try."

We got to work setting up camp. We scooped water from the lake into the water filter bag and started refilling out water bottles. We gathered fallen branches and twigs from the woods to use in the fire pit. I found the bottle of camp suds, and we washed out our clothes from today and strung up a rope for a clothesline.

It was all the normal camping activities, except without wearing clothes. Melissa's exposed body was a constant distraction, but I kept my dick under control and tried not to stare. I caught Melissa sneaking a few furtive glances at me, too. At first, we were both very self-conscious but, after a while, it became relatively normal and we could focus more on our tasks.

Once, while we were tapping down the pegs of the little tent into the ground, Melissa was on her hands and knees and I was standing. I was distracted by her ass and her intriguing pussy lips peeking from between her legs when suddenly she turned around and was face-to-face with my half-hard dick.

She gasped, wide-eyed, then after short hesitation crawled away to secure another tent peg.

When the little two-person tent was up, I unzipped the side entrance and put in the thin camping mats and sleeping bags.

Melissa peered inside. "Wow, you weren't kidding it when you said it was small."

"Every ounce counts. But it's bigger than it seems when you're inside. You should have seen the first tent I had. This is a palace by comparison."

She crawled through the door and sat on a mat.

"Palace, huh?" she said, looking around.

I crawled in and sat on the other mat.

"Sure it is. The roof is high enough to sit up, and we're not pressed against the walls. As hiking tents go, this is luxury."

Melissa looked doubtful. "I didn't realize we were going to have to sleep so close."

"You'll be okay. If it makes you more comfortable, you don't have to sleep naked. And you know, I think I might have a little padlock in my pack. You can lock the zipper on your sleeping bag so I can't get in." 

"You ass," she laughed, punching my shoulder. "But I'll sleep near the door, just in case I need to make a quick escape."

"Suit yourself," I said and stretched out on my back with arms behind my head.

"Yeah, there's definitely a lot more room in this new tent," I said, "And it even weighs a little less than my old one."

Melissa sat there eyeing my dick. When I noticed her intense gaze, I sat up on my elbow and looked down at myself. I wasn't even half-hard anymore.

"See?" I said. "I was able to control myself."

Melissa's eyes still never left my dick.

"What is it?" I said.

Melissa glanced at me then looked away, embarrassed.

"I've just never seen one before. Up close."

"Huh? What about your other boyfriends?"

"I only ever did it, like, three times, remember? And it was always dark and he was always in a hurry."

After a moment I said, "Want to look?"

"What?"

"You've never seen a guy up close. Go ahead."

Melissa's eyes widened, then she looked back at my dick.

"Uh, would that be okay?"

I laid back and put my arms behind my head.

"Go ahead. I don't mind."

Melissa scooted down eye level with my crotch and propped herself on one elbow.

"What do I do?"

"Anything you like. Explore, play with it, study it. Further your education."

"Well gee thanks, professor," she said sarcastically, "Will any of this be on the exam?"

"I guarantee it. Just don't whack my balls. You can do almost anything except squeeze really hard and whack them."

"Hmm. That information might come in handy later. But can you, uh, not look at me while I do this?"

"Okay."

So I lay back and studied the ceiling of the tent while Melissa explored. I felt her lifting my dick, squeezing it, stretching it, playing with my balls and feeling all around. Of course, after a minute of this, I got rock hard, which gave her something new to explore.

I briefly looked down and saw her in rapt attention studying everything. When she noticed me looking, she gave a little squeak and hid her face.

"Sorry," I said and lay back.

I felt a finger touch the opening where some pre-come had formed. Then she smeared it over the head and resumed exploring.

Suddenly Melissa started giggling.

"What's so funny?"

"If my parents could see me now, they'd have a heart attack."

We laughed. 

"I'm amazed YOU haven't had a heart attack, Melissa."

"I'm okay. I am. Besides, I'm only furthering my education, right?"

Melissa explored some more, and then I felt her start to masturbate me, slowly pumping her hand up and down my hard shaft. She kept it up, so I looked down at her.

She was looking back at me with an expectant expression.
