 The long drive to pick up the maid from her countryside village hadn't been as bad as I had imagined. In fact the scenery, blue skies and the occasional wildlife had made the two hour drive enjoyable - Kenya was indeed a beautiful place. As soon as we got to the house, I prepared us a quick bite to eat - after all it was her first day and she was not at all familiar with the lay of the land so to speak, then showed her to the servant quarters. This was a small self contained area at the rear of my townhouse. The following day, she would start her training at the neighbourhood Domestic Center in order to perform the household duties required of her.

She was what I'd describe as a typical village girl - somewhat naive and a bit timid. She had just finished high school but like so many who lived in her village, didn't have many options as far as her future was concerned. She was short in stature, about 5'2" and about 115 lbs soaking wet. Her hair was combed in a neat afro that I have to say accentuated her high cheekbones and bright eyes. She did seem knowledgeable about current events and we had an engaging conversation during our drive back from her village to the city. I thought she'd be a great fit for my household.

In a few weeks, Kendi had settled in and learned enough to run my household without much hand holding. I woke up each morning to a hot breakfast and came come to find a clean home and dinner on the table. She kept out of the way but always seemed to pop out of nowhere when needed. My fellow expatriates were skeptical about the arrangement but I can bet you my last shilling that none of them had it as easy as I did. With time, we settled into a smooth routine and easy relationship ... until the day I came home unexpectedly in the middle of the day.

It was one of those warm days that beckon you to take the afternoon off and laze by the pool sipping something alcoholic or fall asleep in a hammock. With that thought in mind, I left work early to start my afternoon of relaxation. I came home to a seemingly empty house and went upstairs to put together a bag so that I could head to the club for a swim. As I walked by my window I happened to catch a glimpse of her standing in the bathroom in her quarters taking what I imagine was a cooling shower. I can't say I saw more than a flash but there she was, bare back, lightly muscled, slender waist, round buttocks and firm thighs all covered in wet chocolate skin. With that glimpse, my world tilted on its axis and the perfectly balanced world that was my home away from home became tormenting hell. I stood there for a moment, a little light headed, hard, and rather shocked by my reaction. In a few minutes she came out into the courtyard in one of her demure village dresses and got busy hanging the laundry clueless that her boss had just seen her naked. Suffice to say, I left the house that afternoon and didn't come back until much, much later. 

I couldn't get the image of her naked goodness out of my mind. In fact that was all I thought about for days and nights. It took all I had not to jump her bones and have her on the kitchen floor. What kind of mzungu (foreigner) would that make me? I found myself noticing small things about her; like the way she swung her hips walking through the living room, her soft feminine scent when she walked by, the way she raised her hand over her mouth whenever she smiled ... so endearing. My world was definitely wobbling! This was not what I had imagined but exactly what everyone had predicted.

Shortly thereafter, I was glad to receive a two week assignment that would take me away from the city and the "dangerous" situation that was waiting to happen. My assumption was that the time away would clear my mind and hopefully I'd meet someone interesting - there was no shortage of female expatriates or local girls where I was headed.

After two days, I missed her and everything about her including her numerous failed attempts at making American food from the cookbook she had acquired during her training. She liked singing as she worked especially when she thought I couldn't hear her and blushed furiously if I happened to come around the corner as she did so. I missed the sound of her accented voice so of course I called her. Just to hear her voice and to hear her call me "Mr. Frank." That's what she called me no matter how many times I asked her to just call me Frank. It was always Mr. Frank this or Mr. Frank that and I had resigned myself to it. For some reason it made me feel a bit special.

So you can imagine my shock the day I got back and saw them taking a stroll down the street, holding hands. Her hips swaying, skirt skimming the back of her knees, the sun glinting off her afro. He was taller than my 5'9", lanky and walked with a jaunty spring in his step! I can't tell you what he looked like because I only saw the back of his head as I drove past leaving a cloud of dust in my wake. I parked my car in the driveway and got the luggage out slamming the door and the trunk just as she came around the corner with a smile on her face. 

She did not realise just how gutted I was and nor did I understand why I felt so strongly about this fellow.

"Who was that and where were you."

"That is my new friend Mr. Frank, he works in the house at the corner." The bright smile on her face was quickly turning to uncertainty and the hand she had stretched out for mine was now clasped tightly by its mate. This was not the welcome she had anticipated.

"Are you here to make friends or work?"

"I had taken your clothes to the dry cleaner like you asked me to. He was just walking me home." She answered, wringing her hands

Is that what you do when I am not home, allow men to walk you home?"

"No Mr. Frank, it was only this time." I could hear the tremor is her voice. I had never seen her cry but I was almost sure I was about to and felt bad. No, horrible! I had no reason to use this tone with her. But I had no idea what had come over me or how to stop it. Tears pooled in her eyes threatening to stream down her cheeks, 

"Here, take my bags in." I said, handing her the bags and unlocking the door.

"I am sorry Mr. Frank that will not happen again. Welcome home." I stepped into the house and couldn't help looking around to make sure the man hadn't trespassed into my lair. Nothing seemed to be out of place but then there was no sure way to tell. Just like there was no way for me to tell how far their "friendship" had gone. The rest of the day passed in a blur with Kendi keeping to the kitchen and serving my meals quickly and efficiently. Once she was done with her duties for the evening she retreated to her quarters leaving me to wallow over my glass of brandy before I dragged myself off to bed.

I couldn't sleep. I tossed and turned. Each time I closed my eyes, I saw them locked in passionate embrace. Lips locked, his hands buried deep in her mussy afro while hers gripped his muscular shoulders and her legs wrapped around his sinewy thighs. With each toss came a variation of that image. Laying in her bed, standing against the living room wall, on the kitchen counter. When not driving myself insane with these images I was racked with guilt. I really had no right to speak with her the way I had when I got home. She was my employee but she also deserved respect and interaction with people other than myself. 

The lights in her room were on so I knew she was still awake. I went downstairs and knocked on her door gently, half hoping that she would ignore my intrusion. But no, she cracked the door open and peered out. She was in a light colored night dress and I could see the outline of curves silhouetted against the light in her room. I knew then that I shouldn't have attempted to have the conversation until morning but it was now too late. 

"Kendi, I am sorry about earlier. You can have friends if you want to." My voice sounded strained and I cleared my dry throat. She had opened the door wider and I could now see her breasts pressed against the worn soft fabric of her nightie. The thing wasn't very long and barely got to her knees.

"That's okey Mr. Frank"

"Are you sure? Look, give me a hug so I know you are okey." I couldn't believe I had said that but with no hesitation, she stepped forward and pressed her body against mine wrapping her arms around me. I wrapped mine around her and squeezed gently all thoughts about the appropriateness of this situation long gone from my mind. She felt good. Solid yet soft. The tight points of her nipples pressed into my chest even as I felt myself harden against her stomach. There is no way she couldn't feel me through the two very thin pieces of fabric between us. 

I kissed her then. Gently. Sucked on her lower lip. Top lip. Paused. I didn't want to scare her. Not when I had her this close. Not when she tasted this good. I kissed her again probing gently with my tongue seeking hers out, she let out a whimper, a little moan and pressed herself against me. She opened herself to me, her tongue dancing with mine, the hands at my chest almost timid. I wanted to devour her, bury myself in her essence. 

With my hands on her waist I lifted her and stepped into her room with my cock grinding against her soft tummy. I set her down at the foot of the bed and started unbuttoning her nightie. Like I'd imagined, those perfect breasts topped by dark, tight nipples sat atop her chest with nary a sag. I marveled at the contrast between our skin color as I cupped and kneaded gently, tugging and twisting her tight nipples. She watched my hands and let out moan after sigh after moan. Her hand grazed the front of my pajamas and my cock jumped in eager anticipation. She rested both hands on my waist and her forehead against my chest like she was trying to support herself. I loosened my pjs and let them drop to the floor exposing myself to her. At first we just stood there with my cock hanging between us, heavy and throbbing to my heartbeat. I could feel her breath cooling the heat emanating from the thickness. Maybe she was making a decision on how to move forward or maybe I didn't look like she had expected. She touched her fingertip to my tip and pulled away the large drop of pre-cum that had seeped, stretching the thread until it broke. Her other hand wrapped around my girth and squeezed gently. 

I had her sit on the edge of her bed and stood between her legs spreading her smooth chocolate things and letting her sweet scent wrap itself around me. My cock reacted accordingly - tightening and lengthening even further, the seeping purple head emerging fully from the foreskin and bumping against her chin. With my hands cradling her soft face and thumbs caressing those thick lips, the next step seemed so natural. I leaned forward slightly grazing the tip of my cock to her lips and smeared them with my pre-cum. With her eyes on mine, her tongue darted out to taste the smear, then darted out again and shyly licked the slit at the tip while her hand skimming along the veined length. She opened her mouth and took the head in, swirled her tongue around and sucked. My fingers delved into her afro to keep her still. If I wasn't careful I would cum sooner that I wanted to - her warm mouth felt so good. With her eyes now closed, she kept sucking and swirling, listening to my moans and reacting accordingly, both hands now working my length. It seemed she was a natural at this and was bent on getting even better, taking me in deeper, sucking like her life depended on it. She would glance at me every now and then to gauge my reaction, her eyes boring into mine. It was all too much. Those knowing eyes, those thick lips wrapped around me and that tongue! I had to stop her.

"Is it not good Mr. Frank?" 

"It is better than good," I managed to grunt "it feels very nice. But you'll have to slow down abit." I grasped her head in my hands and tried to move my cock away but she'd have none of it. 

"If you like it, then I must go on. I must make you feel very good." with that she pulled me back into her sweet wet mouth and continued tormenting me. With my hands fisted in her hair I thrust my hips forward almost choking her. I gave her what I hoped was an apologetic look when she looked up startled but my hips were unrelenting. They suddenly had a life of their own and I wasn't about to stop that good feeling. I felt crazed. All that existed in my world were her mouth, her eyes and my cock. My grunts and moans and the sucking sounds she was making filled the small room and for a fleeting second I wondered whether the neighbours could hear us. It didn't matter though, not then anyway. I could feel the tingling sensation ride down my spine and my balls tightened upwards as with my next thrust the first of several spurts shot out of my cock surprising her. She recovered well and managed to swallow most of my cum and then continued to suckle on my cock as I stood there on my shaky legs. Her ministrations were gentle, almost loving but she wouldn't meet my eyes. Gently, I used my thumb to clean off the cum that had escaped her mouth and with her chin, tilted her face to mine.

"I didn't know that would happen. Is it always like that?" Her voice was quiet, almost a whisper. Her eyes darting away from mine. 

"Yes, that happens when a man is very excited. Did I hurt you?" My heart was still beating hard in my chest and I could barely hear myself speak.

"No, I am okey. Now I think you will feel better. Tomorrow we will start afresh. Yes?" With that she stood up and slipped her nightie back on and with eyes averted again started working the buttons. I felt like a jerk! I'd come down to apologize and had ended up receiving a blowjob instead. The least I could have done was return the favor but as it was I, the master of the home was gently shooed out of her quarters. 

I woke up the following morning painfully hard. For a moment I thought it had been a dream but I could still smell her on my fingers. Admittedly, I was nervous going downstairs for breakfast but I had to get to work so after a quick shower down I went with my semi-hard cock safely zipped up in my pants. I had everything planned out - I would apologize, have my breakfast and leave as soon as I could. I only hoped she would not tell me she was leaving my employment. However, while my breakfast was laid out on the table, she was nowhere to be found - not that I was going into her quarters to look for her. 

The week passed with very little communication between us. She would make my meals, clean the house and do the laundry. Everything that was expected of her was done to perfection. There was however, no laughter, no singing and she certainly wasn't making me any of her special meals. My nights on the other hand were filled with dreams of her in every sexual position known to man. I felt terrible and considered letting her go but was sure that would make me feel worse for denying her an income. 

When one week became two, I decided that something had to be done. I only hoped that whatever I said would not make things worse than they already were. She was in laundry room folding the day's washing and was initially unaware of my presence. I stood there, out of site observing her and feeling like a bit of a pervert. The dress she was wearing fit her well accentuating her body in the right places and drew the kind of response that I was trying to avoid. 

I cleared my throat not wanting to startle her. "Kendi, can I speak with you for a moment?" I didn't sound as confident as I wanted to appear.

She gave a slight nod and I proceeded into the room maintaining some distance between us. Her hands never stopped folding but with my face flushed I forged forward, "I am sorry about the other night. It was not my intention to take advantage of you in that way. I wanted to apologize about my reaction to your friend and things got out of hand." 

Silence.

Look, if you would like to leave, that's understandable. I will pay you for this month and next month. I can also give you a ride back home if you want. You do a great job here and I would really like for you to stay." She looked at me then but kept folding. My heart sank a little with that. Maybe she was really considering leaving. 

"Do you want some time to think about it?" 

"No!" My heart sank even further.

"I like working here Mr. Frank. You are a fair boss and have taught me many things. I will stay and work hard for you." While she really hadn't given me her full attention during the entire conversation, my heart rose a little with that. All hope was not lost. 

"Thank you Kendi, you will not regret that decision." She gave me a slight smile and turned back to her laundry but I was glad. If I could keep my errant cock in my pants and erotic thoughts out of my mind, I was sure everything would go well. 

That strategy worked for a while and the situation at home relaxed considerably. I found many activities to keep me busy after work, long trips over the weekend and girls to keep me distracted. But I still dreamt about her almost every night, was jealous if I heard her laughing on the phone and was constantly worried that she would meet someone on her days off. Eventually my activities tapered off and the women became unappealing. The only woman I thought about was the one residing in my servant quarter and I was very sure I wasn't welcome there.

It was her weekend off so, feeling horny and restless I had stripped off my clothing and was lying stark naked on the couch slowly wanking to the image of her lips around my cock. I wanted to draw it out and make the feeling last for a while so, I would repeatedly bring myself to the edge then ease back. With my eyes closed and the music a bit loud, I didn't hear her come into the room but I definitely felt it when her hand closed around my balls.

"Wait, you don't have to do this." As much as I'd been dreaming, wishing and hoping, I didn't want to get myself in a bind. I stood up, trying to move away.

"But I want to. I know you enjoyed it and I liked doing it to you so it's okey." A low groan escaped my lips at that. The woman was killing me. It didn't take much more than that and the memory of her lips to weaken my resolve. This time however, it would be better for her.

Slipping her church dress off her shoulders, I revealed the succulent breasts I remembered so well. Their dark nubs were puckered, ready to be sucked. I sat her on the couch and knelt between her legs. She was beautiful and sensual. I took one of her breasts and sucked the nipple into my mouth while my other hand roamed her body skimming over her tight waist and rounded hips, over the kinky hair covering the very spot I had been dreaming about nightly. With my hand behind her knee, I lifted her right foot onto the couch then stopped sucking to take in the beauty before me. I lifted her other foot and placed it onto the couch to fully expose her bright pink center. We had barely started yet she was wet and her aroma filled the air around me. She looked at me with heavily lidded eyes while tugging and twisting her nipple ... waiting. 

I leaned forward and kissed her. Not the gentle kiss that I'd given her previously. This time I knew she wasn't running anywhere. She wanted me just as much as I wanted her. I sucked her swollen lips as my tongue delved inside her mouth seeking hers out. I left my mark on her neck as I worked my way south tagging on both nipples then sucking each one to hard, fat nubs before I proceeded further down, past her belly button and into her pink wetness. With my fingers, I gently spread her lips further before I leaned in and gave her a long lick from her tight entrance to the point above her hidden clit. She tasted even better than she smelt. I licked her again and felt her thighs jerk slightly and close in around my head. I then sucked on her clit gently drawing it out before I started a quick firm flick. Kendi's moans filled the room, her hips ground upwards and her hands gripped my hair tightly keeping me in place. When she came, her cunt pulsed and released more of her heavy cream and it was all I could do to keep myself from spending right there on the floor. 
