 My boss told me to keeping washing down the door frames and windows so the painters could start painting in a few days. I was lucky to get a job as I was just passing through Valley Town when my motorcycle blew a cylinder. So to pay for the repair job, the Cycle shop owner called his brother who had just gotten this large paint job.

I was hired as a helper so here I was washing outside doors and window at the St. Mary’s convent and hospital. I had been at it for nearly two hours when I had to bleed my rat of two cups of morning coffee. I tried the door I was washing but it was locked. So after looking around and seeing no one I whipped out my trusty fuck stick and took a good old healthy piss. 

I had not been laid in several days and my cock was staying about half hard all the time. So as long as I had it out in the fresh air I jerked it a few times to remind myself why I had the damn thing. God that felt good. I closed my eyes remembering a lovely lady I had met a few town back. She was older than me but very sexy and I got the best fucking blow job of my life from her. After which I screwed her till she screamed for joy. She old me she had never been screwed by a ten inch cock before and it was marvelously sexy. 

I was in that dream state of thinking and remembering all at the same time when I heard the door I was washing open. Opening my eyes and trying to hide my hard on I turned to see a rather tall Nun looking at me. She was of course dressed in black with that little white hat on a head that I could not even begin to guess the age of. 

Stuffing ten inches of cock in tight jeans is not something one does in a hurry but I did any way. Her eyes were wide and I thought she was mad as hell with me. But there was something in her face that told me to relax and see what she wanted. So I said “Hello Sister can I help you?”

Her voice was stern but soft as she said “Young man get in here I need to talk to you?” I stepped over my bucket and brush as she held the door open for me to enter. She quickly walked ahead of me down a long hallway. She stopped, opened a thick oak door and again held it for me to enter. Once inside she closed the door and I thought I heard turning of a key in the lock before she turned to face me. 

“Do you know where you are?” she asked. Before I could answer she told me I was in a convent and in the company of Gods wives. I started to say I was sorry, but she went on as if I were not to speak at all. 


 She told me the Nuns here were not used to seeing young men half naked with there manhood hanging out. It was totally improper for me to have urinated out in public like I had. She went on to say that most of these nuns had never seen a man naked and it was most unsettling for them. Then she asked why I had been in a state of erection when I relieved myself out side? I somehow got the idea she was not only speaking for her self but maybe others had seen me as well. 

I told her the truth, in that I had tried the door but it was locked or I would have come inside and looked for a bathroom. I did not see any one around so I relieved myself out side. 

She again asked why I was aroused to the point of having an erection. So I told her if I don’t get sexual relief every few days it just got hard and stayed that way till I do. She asked me how I get relief every few days. I told her if I don’t have a lady or girl around I masturbate to get off. She asked me when the last time I “Got off?” was. I told her a few days ago. I took a chance and said “If I don’t get off it starts to hurt and swells up something horrible. 

She moved closer and said “Is there anything I could do to help you get the swelling down.” 

I told her there was if she was willing to help. I told her I needed to take it out as it was cramped in my jeans.



She said by all means do what ever I needed to do to stop the pain. 

Without ever taking my eyes off her I opened my jean and let them drop to the floor. Hooking my underwear at the waist band I jerked them down too. My cock in all its glory stood out like a flag pole. I watched as she took a deep breath and her eyes started to water. I did not know if she was crying or if she was recalling days long past. I held it in my hand working the foreskin back and forth over the large purple head. 

I held my hand out to her, she took my hand and I pulled her closer. I took her hand and pressed it to my cock shaft. Her strong fingers curled around it as she pulled and pushed on it. She was in some kind of trance as she could not take her eyes off my cock. 

“Sister would you like to suck that purple head into your mouth? That would make it really feel good.” I did not have to ask twice as she dropped to her knees and took my cock head into her mouth. She was very good and took most of it in her mouth.


 I said “Sister you’re a very good cocksucker. You have sucked cocks before.” Without taking my cock from her mouth she let me feel her nod “Yes” I said I bet the Fathers here enjoy you sucking them off. She did not respond but only sucked my ten inches deeper into her mouth. I said “Sister I am very horny and I am about to bust a nut. Do you want me to cum in your mouth?” 

Much to my surprise she backed off and said “No, please don’t do that in my mouth.” I waited for her to go on. After a second she said “If I lift my skirts can you do me like you do other women?” 

I laughed and told her to lift those skirts and bend over. She hiked up her skirts and showed me a fine plump ass. “Spread those fat cheeks Sister here comes the big boy.” I cried out loud. She spread her legs and bent over even more. Her cunt was wet, big and ready.



The head of my cock plowed a furrow in her pussy as I worked it in as deep as I could. She let out a low moan and pushed her ass back into me. I grabbed her by the hips and held on for dear life. She was pushing, pulling and bending her knees all at the same time. This old gal knew how to fuck and this was not her first in a long time either. I could tell her pussy had been will fucked on a regular bases. She let out a howl and I felt her pussy tighten around my cock. That was all I needed to push me over the edge. I shot off in her tight pussy and we came together. I flooding her cunt and she came like she was taking a piss. We were both wet from the crotch down. I felt her knees give a little as I pulled free of her pussy. Looking down I saw my cock was covered with a thick creamy foam. I wiped it off with my hand and shook it on the floor. It laid there like shaving cream. 

She stood up turning to face me. She looked at my cock which was still about half erect. “Oh, my does it still hurt you my son?” she asked.

“It feels a lot better now Sister, but I could go again if you could.” I told her. 

She stepped toward the door and told me to wait as she went out. There was a short table along one wall so I laid down on it, my legs dangling off. Shortly the door opened and a younger and prettier sister came in. She carried a pan of water and a wash cloth. I started to get up but she motioned me to lay back. I did. 

She came to me and carefully took my cock in her hand and washed it clean. She gave no sign of any emotion but I sure as hell did.


 My friend grew to full size and the head popped out showing her I liked what she was doing. She placed the pan on the floor and when she straightened up I held her head so it was at table level. “Suck it Sister.” I told her. 

Her habit was such that when she bent to take my cock in her mouth I could not see what she was doing. But this little thing slipped her mouth down over my cock and never stopped till it was down her throat and she had all of it. The bulbous head pushed into her throat with no problems at all. This little girl had sucked a lot of cocks. While she was sucking my cock she worked a finger into my ass. 

I said “No fair Sister, you get all the fun and I don’t even get to finger your cunt or ass.” She did not answer as she worked two fingers into my ass. This made me cum again filling her mouth with a strong warm stream of my life force. I yelled for her to suck it all. She did and after what seemed a long time. I stopped. She let my semi-erect cock skip from her mouth. She straightened up turned to go, stopped grabbed the pan off the floor and left in a hurry. 

I pulled my shorts and jeans on and opened the door. No one was in sight. Walking to the end of the long hall I found the door unlocked. I stepped out into the sun light. The door closed behind me and I heard the lock snap shut. I thought “Holy shit what kind of place is this anyway?” 

Checking my watch I saw it was close to quitting time so I picked up my bucket and headed for the iron gates that let me out on the street. As I walked toward the service truck my boss Marty called to me. “Allen, you did a hell of a job today and I know you don’t have a place to stay. So if you want you can stay at my house. I have a cot in the basement. What do you say?” It was a good deal so off we went. 

His wife Rose was in the kitchen fixing dinner. She said “Hi Allen. Now you guys wash up and sit down. Supper is ready.” 

Rose was nearly as tall as my six-one frame. Her eyes were nearly level with mine. Marty was shorter by four inches. But he had told me they have a daughter named Honey so I knew the difference in height did not make a darn.

Rose was broad in the shoulders, busty, with an ass wide as the rear end of a school bus. She was a pretty girl about fifty was my guess. Her dark hair was turning to gray. Her full lips were curved into a fixed smile. 


 We ate and after dinner Marty showed me were the cot was in the basement. There was also a shower down there. We had a beer and I said I was going to turn in early as I had a hard day. He said; as he went up the stairs that the Nuns were pleased with my work. I wondered what work that was. I laughed out loud. 

I dropped my cloths by the cot and stood there rubbing my ass. When the door opened at the head of the stairs. I grabbed my shirt and held it in front of my nakedness. Rose came lumbering down the stairs with an arm full of towels. 

“Well look at you all ready for your shower and no towels.” She stopped just inches from me and handed me the towels. They were too thick for one hand so I dropped my shirt and took hold of the towels. Rose looked at me and said “Nice weapon of choice you have there Allen. May I touch it?” 

I started to say “What about Marty.” but she already had a grip on my cock. She looked into my eyes and said “Don’t worry about Marty he is already asleep.” 

I relaxed and dropped the towel on the cot. I cupped a big plump tit in each hand and squeezed. I was surprised at how firm they were. For a gal her age and size they were really nice tits. “Nice Tits Rose, now do I get to see the rest of that fine body or are you only teasing me?” 

As the last bit of clothing dropped to the floor I was amazed at just how fine her body was. Those loose fitting skirt and blouse made her look a lot bigger than she was. She was big that is for sure but it was all firm and my dick jumped to attention as a salute to her loveliness. Her bush was thick and her thighs looked strong enough to squeeze the life out of a man. I took her by the hand and had her do a pirouette. My gaze followed her thick body and I was very pleased with what I saw. Rose was one fine lady. Her ass was broad and yet full and plump. I wondered if Rose liked to get ass fucked. 

The shower was small but we fit in together. Rose was busy washing my cock as I wiggled a finger into a wet pussy. Rose let out sounds of joy. I got the feeling that maybe Marty was not doing his home work on a regular base. 

We kissed and felt every nook and cranny as we worked our way to frenzy. As if by mutual agreement we burst out of the shower and tumbled on the cot. Rose lifted her legs high and I came down between them with a thud. Rose squealed happily “Allen Fuck me, Fuck me…Give Rosy that wonderful cock.” 


 Man I plowed her pussy like a mad man. Fast, deep and hard. God almighty this woman was driving me wild. 

Supporting my weight on my arms above her I bounced my hips as fast as I could. Rose had not been fucked in some time and she was ready. She took all I had to offer and wanted more. She gave up her first climax in just a few minutes. But I did not slow down. She was quickly back up and running as hard as I was. “Fuck Rosy, Fuck Rosy,” she yelled loud enough to wake the dead. Rose lifted my weight right off the little cot and cried as she gave up another climax. 

My arms gave out and I fell down on her. Trying to stop I missed the edge of the little cot and flipped right off the cot. So there I was flat on my back my cock shooting cum all over the place and Rose was still up on the cot. I gave up trying to recover. I could not get to my feet so I started to laugh. 

Five minutes later Rose was down on the floor next to me with a wash cloth cleaning my cock. She was squatting and her pussy was gapping open. What a sight. I reached out an arm and fingered her dripping pussy. She only smiled. Then I reached back and wiggled a finger tip across her tiny asshole. She stopped smiling and looked straight into my eyes. “That feels so good. It has been years since a man fingered my ass.” she sighed. 

“Rosy old girl, I bet you could take all my cock up your big ass. You do like to ass fuck don’t you?” I said. 

“The last time I had my ass fucked was when Marty was away in the Army about two years after we were married.” She rolled her eyes and smiled. Remembering some special moment years ago.

Tell me about it I asked her. But she said “Not to night my lover. Maybe if you’re still here tomorrow night.” Rosy stood and pulled me to my feet. I patted her fine plump ass and watched her go up the stairs. I pushed the pile of flattened towels to the floor and fell asleep. 

Marty dropped me off at the hospital and drove off to another job. I had no sooner started washing down a large wooden door when the tall nun from yesterday came around the corner and said” Good morning.” 

Giving her my best and happiest smile I said “Well my dear Sister, you’re looking well this morning.” 

Her cheeks turned a little pink and she smiled even wider. “Have you had breakfast?” she asked. I smiled and said “Yes, I have but you look good enough to eat. By the way it still hurts.”

“You dear boy, Sister Ruth and I will do what ever we must to help out of your pain.” She mused. As yesterday I followed the sister down a long hall. However this time we stopped in front of a hospital ward door. Once inside I relaxed as there was a large king size bed. Much like one that would have in a home. 

I took the sister in my arms and kissed her. She wiggled free of my embrace as I told her “You really are a fine piece of ass sister.” 

“I was only helping you with your condition and trying to relieve the pain.” She said. 

“Well sister I am in great pain at this very moment.” I said laughing. 

This lady was a woman of few words. She just hiked up her skirts and bent over the edge of the bed. She had a fine ass and I wondered if she would enjoy feeling the head of my dick pressed to her fine ass. It seemed to amuse me for some reason so I let out a little laugh as I rubbed the head of my dick through her wetness. Then I rubbed the head up over her tiny rose hole. I thought I felt her push back as it touched her. So I grabbed her by both cheeks and pressed forward.

She let out an “Oh, Oh, and a Bless me.” Just as the dick head popped into her fine fat ass. If this had not been a spontaneous happening I would guess she had lubricated her ass. It was that wet and loose. It was only a few tries before I had my cock planted deep in her fat ass. I fucked her ass till she cried out and I felt her strain the muscles around my cock. I shot off and we screamed together. Even after we had come and stopped moving my cock she still had it gripped by her ass muscles. 

I pulled back and felt her relax, my cock slipped from her ass. I looked at her sweet well fucked ass hole. Dripping from it was a thick cream. 

She pushed me toward a door I knew was a bathroom. When I came out she was gone. I looked out into the hall and it was clear. I was back out side washing the door frame a few minutes later when Rose came up to me. 

“Hi Allen.” She smiled wide. 


 “Hi yourself.” I returned her smile. She told me that Marty had called her and told her to bring me a lunch. So she had. She said as she handed me a small basket with was some fried chicken and a cold beer in it. 

I ask her how she came down town. She said she had her own car. I said why don’t we go and sit in the car while I ate. I followed her plump ass as we left the grounds and found her car setting under a tree in the shade. She opened the back door of a large SUV.



I sat the basket behind the seat and pulled Rose into my arms. She filled my arms as we hugged and kissed. I told her to lift her skirt and turn side ways on the seat. She did and I went down on her wet cunt and sucked and licked her to a climax in one minute flat. She wiggled her big fat ass and I licked faster. The juices flowed down between her legs and I used this slime to wet a finger. My finger slipped into her tight little ass hole and she gave out a moan to let me know it was just what she wanted.

I had two fingers deep in her ass jerking them as I would if I was masturbating her pussy. I moved up giving her a chance to get her hands on my jeans. Rose freed my cock and tried her best to get her mouth on it. But in this confined space she could not. I was move concerned with finger fucking her ass to a climax than her sucking my cock after all I had been laid already this morning. 

I used my thumb to rub her clitoris and between my fingers in her ass and the thumb rubbing her clitoris it was no time till she screamed and climaxed. She fell back as if she had passed out. I let go of her and relaxed myself. 

Five minutes later I was eating my lunch. Rose was blushing and only smiling at me like a school girl. I said “Rose old girl you are one very sexy and wonderful lady. I will always be happy to remember that we met.” 

She turned toward the window and said “Allen you’re a wonderful boy and I wish you would stay here in town longer.” 

She was facing away from me but I thought I caught a sound of her crying as she softly spoke. Reaching out I laid a hand flat on her back and said “Rose you’re a sweet lady and I would love to be around longer. But I am beginning to think of you as my mother and I fine it hard to want to fuck my mother.” 




She turned back toward me and said “Allen I think of you as a son too. But I love what you do to me and how you make me feel. Please stay for a while maybe another week. Our daughter Honey will be home next week and I would love for you to meet her.” 

I saw in her face that she was telling me that if I stayed longer I would get to fuck her daughter also. 

“Rosy old girl you’re making a tempting reason to stay. I said. I had seen pictures of Honey and she was a tall beautiful girl. A younger version of Rose and I would bet just as sexy. Then for one second I had a quick flash of an idea. What would it be like to enjoy Rose and her daughter at the same time? Or maybe the sister and Rose or all three. My little pea brain was going crazy and working over time. 

Damn what was I thinking? Yes what was I thinking it was crazy also the sexiest thing I had ever thought of in my life. I had already planed that the next time with the sister she was going to get naked and let me see all of her body. This may work out to be one of the greatest towns I ever stopped in. 

Later that day I went by the motor cycle shot to see how the repairs were coming on my bike. As I walked down the alley behind the shop I saw Rose’s SUV parked in there. It was near closing and I had just taken a chance on catching it open. The back door was open and I walked in. I heard voices from the little office off the work area. No one else was around so I moved closer. 
