 Seth made me wait for just a couple of minutes before he showed up, wearing his warmups and a t-shirt. He looked hot. I was leaning against the wall by the door, wondering just where the hell he was planning on hooking up this time, since the school was locked and I didn't think the football field was a suitable hiding place. 

"Ever been in the football locker room?" he greeted me, and I shook my head. 

"No. But won't we need a couple of keys for that?"

He pulled his hand out of his pocket and dangled his keychain. "I've got a couple of keys."

"You can't be serious," I said, but he had already stepped past me and was unlocking the door. "Where the hell did you get those?"

"You know where," he smirked, holding the door open for me. "You were the one who mentioned all these people falling at my feet." 

"You're not shy abut asking for favors, huh?"

"Nope." He let the door fall shut and we stood in the dark hallway, illuminated by only the emergency lighting. He grabbed my hand then, and pulled me along to the football locker room. I didn't like the dark at all, but his big, warm hand clasping mine made me feel strangely protected. When he had unlocked the second door, he turned the light on and locked the door again behind us. 

The football locker room wasn't so different from any other locker room, the smell luckily wasn't overwhelming and the only noises were our footsteps and a couple of the showerheads dripping in the back. I had a sudden picture in my head featuring Seth and none of his clothes, and I couldn't wait until I would get to see him fully naked. Still, it was weird. I felt shy around him despite having sucked his cock these two times, and I couldn't bring it over myself to undress, or even kiss him without him taking the initiative first. 

He looked at me then, grinning while unzipping his jacket. "Want to take a shower?" 

"Um..." I blushed. "Okay." I was nervous, but there was no way I was backing out of this. While he shed his jacket and t-shirt, I pulled my green shirt over my head and unbuttoned my pants. Then, I had to stop because I couldn't help looking at his gorgeous upper body, so lean and muscular, almost completely hairless, smooth skin, slightly tanned. I was tempted to bridge the short distance between us to kiss and lick him all over.

He took his pants and socks off too then, standing before me completely naked and waiting for me to do the same. He was already hard. I blushed, stepping out of my pants and standing there in my underwear. He looked me over for a few seconds. 

"Turn around," he finally ordered me, and I complied. He stepped behind me and opened my bra clasp in one swift move, letting my bra drop to the floor and cupping my breasts with both hands. I could feel his warm breath on my shouder, then on my neck right before he kissed it. I was getting turned on now, this whole locker room thing felt so forbidden and sort of risky, but that's what started to excite me, and I understood now why Seth had decided to bring me here. My nipples were already hard, and he played with them for a little bit before finally letting his hands glide further down and hooking his thumbs into my panties. He pulled them down, letting me step out of them and giving me some time to kick off my shoes and socks by walking over to the showers. He turned one of them on, testing the temperature before stepping under it, and motioning for me to join him. 

We were kissing as soon as I got there, his lips pressing onto mine and his tongue sweeping inside my mouth at once. I was pressing myself against him, my nipples brushing his chest and my pussy grinding against his cock. He cupped my ass, moaning while he continued to kiss me, the water running down our bodies and spraying into my face. I had to close my eyes because of it, but it was an interesting sensation not to see anything when he pulled away from me and lowered his lips to my breasts. I moaned when his teeth tugged on my nipples, and I could feel that I wasn't only getting wet on the outside. I was so horny that my clit was tingling almost painfully, and my hands wandered down and wrapped themselves around his cock. He was rock hard, and I was really looking forward to have him inside me. When his lips left my breast, I opened my eyes again to find him grinning at me. 

He spun me around then, making sure I had my legs spread and my hands steadily against the wall. I gasped when I first felt the head of his cock between my legs, finding its way in the slippery wetness. His hands grasped my hips, and he started to slide inside me, first slowly, but then I moaned and he thrust the rest of the way impatiently, pausing when he was all the way inside me and taking a few quick, shallow breaths. 

I hadn't been fucked in a while, and he felt so good it was driving me crazy. His big cock was stretching me out, and I was arching my back, pressing back against him. Seth pulled out and slammed back inside me, still holding on to my hips while I was grasping the wall as best as I could. He kept going, moans escaping him whenever his balls slapped my clit, and I could feel my legs beginning to shake. Still, he felt so good that I didn't want him to stop for anything. 

His hands left my hips then, and while still fucking me steadily, they started to glide over my body, first cupping my breasts, then stroking my stomach. Finally, one hand went down between my legs and started to caress my clit while the other grasped my ass, his thumb slowly penetrating my asshole. 

The sensation was too much for me, and my legs gave way. I gasped as I went down, my hands sliding along the wall and my body shaking. His cock slipped out of me and he caught me just before I hit the floor. He started to apologize almost at once, stroking my hair. 

"No... no," I gasped, trying to get his attention to what I was saying. "I'm sorry. I'm just exhausted. I didn't want you to stop."

"Can you get up?" His green eyes looked at me concerned, and I nodded. He helped me stand up, keeping his arms around me to keep me steady. My arms were around his neck, and I couldn't help kissing him right there. He let me, pushing me against the wall in the process, and lifting me up slightly, putting one arm under my ass and keeping the other one on my back. Instinctively, I wrapped my legs around his waist, and his cock slid back inside me smoothly. We both gasped, and he held the both of us up while continuing to fuck me, face to face this time. He was even able to take one hand off me, to slide it down and caress my clit. He knew what he was doing and I pressed my head back against the wall and closed my eyes once again, feeling my orgasm approach. 

He was fucking me as hard as it was possible in this position, lifting my body up and letting it slam back down onto his cock, and I wasn't able to do anything but dig my fingernails into his back as I started to come. I moaned, letting my head sink against his shoulder while my pussy clenched around him, and shuddering, held him as close as I could. He was making more noises now as well, short gasps every time I clenched, and a slight moan every time I raked one of my nails across his back. 

"Can I come inside you?" he asked me, whispering into my ear. I nodded, too spent to speak, and he started to shoot his cum just a second later. I could feel as his cock twitched, his arms shaking and his lips searching for and locking with mine. I pulled away and opened my eyes to take in his face while he was orgasming, and I found he looked beautiful. His mouth was relaxed, slightly open, his eyelids fluttered while the water dripped off them. He finally broke into a slight smile and opened his eyes, carefully easing me down at the same time. 

We sat on the tiles for a while, letting the water wash over us. We weren't touching, just sitting there next to each other until I stretched out my hand to caress his shoulder. He smiled at me and grasped my hand with his. 

"We should probably leave."

"Yeah," I agreed, but neither of us moved. It was so relaxing and peaceful to sit there, no sound but that of the water, just looking at each other. He kept my hand in his, and when I looked at him, my heart seemed to pick up where it had left mid orgasm, beating rapidly in my chest. I felt absurdly happy, and I realized that maybe a bit more had just gone on in this locker room than simply some sex. 

***

I was surprisingly calm on Monday morning, considering the events of the Friday before. I decided to wear one of my tighter tops to school since Seth had indicated he liked that, and I got dressed still smiling remembering three nights ago. I couldn't wait to see him again today. He had actually brought me to my car in the dark, empty parking lot after we had finally managed to tear ourselves away from sitting in the shower together. When we were saying our goodbyes, he had simply whispered a "See you on Monday" into my ear, kissed me on the lips once more and turned to go. I had talked to Marisol on the phone later, curled up under my covers, and told her as much as I could without giving away anything of Seth's identity. 

***

The next week was absolute hell. 

I had been expecting Seth to have a desire to meet up with me again soon, or at least smile at me once in a while in study hall. Neither happened. He seemed determined to ignore me completely, and I didn't have the guts to walk up to him and ask if he was planning to continue fucking me. I kept my hopes up until Wednesday, when I broke down in Art class and in a whisper confessed to Marisol that "the guy" hadn't made any contact in five days and that it made me feel shitty. She responded by taking me to Dairy Queen after school, treating me to a huge sundae and moaning along with me about the evils of this world in general and boys in particular, just like a best friend should do it, without prodding about Seth's identity. But it helped only temporarily. As soon as I was back in study hall the next day and my eyes fell on Seth's hot body, the feelings of longing, impatience and horniness hit again. I couldn't seem to help thinking of the hot fuck we had had in the shower throughout the day, and by the time I got home in the afternoon, my panties were soaked. 

I wasn't sure what to say when Marisol called me at night and asked about the football game the next day. It was an away game, not too far a drive, but for the first time in four years, I wasn't sure if I wanted to go. To see Seth at his best, to cheer him on and to watch the cheerleaders and most females on the premises drool over him. To watch him from afar and not know if I'd ever touch him again. I really didn't feel like it, and I told Marisol as much.

"So he plays football," she said, and it definitely wasn't a question. I flinched slightly under my blanket, toying nervously with its edges. 

"Don't, Mari."

"Sorry. I'll stop. We should go to sleep anyway, and I will see you tomorrow hon."

"Yes," I sighed, and we said our goodbyes and hung up. I switched off my bedside lamp and spent a long time staring into the dark, wondering if I could stand it to see Seth day by day for the rest of the year without ever touching him again. Would I finally get so desperate that I would find the courage to confront him, or would I suffer in silence and find a different outlet for my pent-up sexual energy? Neither alternative sounded particularly appealing, and I could nothing but hope that Seth got his act together and decided that fucking me hadn't been so bad after all. 

***

Things on Friday were just as I had left them on Thursday, which was pretty bleak. I busied myself in study hall and tried not to look up too often, because no matter where my eyes started out at, they inevitably seemed to end up at the same spot every time I lifted them from my book. In Art class I was consoled by Marisol once more, while we were both sitting there staring at the leaves we were supposed to be drawing. It was cloudy and grey outside, we were expecting rain for the afternoon, and the weather made us feel gloomy. 

"We need to do something this weekend," Marisol declared. "Something to take our mind of these stupid guy troubles. Any ideas?"

I shrugged. "Movie? Slumber party? Girly makeovers?"

"Let me just call my best friends, the dance team," grinned Marisol. "Seriously though, we should set Sunday aside for something."

"Sure, my exciting social life will just have to sit out for a day," I sighed dramatically. "If you're really nice to me, I might find the time to bake a cake."

Sunday afternoon turned out to be quite fun, and just what I had needed. I didn't end up baking the cake I had jokingly talked about, but I did make some cinnamon cookies that went well with Marisol's tea. We spent an hour and a half watching a movie before we decided that it sucked too much to keep watching, then we discussed the football team's performance in the first game that we had missed during out time as high schoolers. They had won, and from what we had heard people talk about, Seth had broken some kind of school record in the process. Finally, we moved up to Marisol's room and sat on her bed, listening to music. 

"You know," Marisol said, staring up at the ceiling of her room contemplatively, "I really hope that there's something like Karma. It would almost be worth all this high school bullshit."

I turned my head and looked at her. Her big brown eyes were glittering with wetness, and I hoped she wouldn't start crying. It always sucks to see your best friend cry. 

"Are you talking about Josh and Audra, or about people in general?"

She shrugged. "Both, I think. I'm sad about Josh, but I'm also frustrated with this ridiculous social status deal. He'd never ask me out even if he did like me, because people wouldn't accept someone like him going out with someone like me. It's stupid."

I swallowed when I was suddenly reminded of my own problems. Was Seth ignoring me for the same reasons, because he didn't want people to find out what he was doing with me? 

"And in any case," Marisol continued, "they've made me feel bad enough, the bunch of them, so I don't regret wishing that their lives will suck. It's the least that the powers up there can do for me."

I grinned. "And on the off chance that Josh does ask you out, are you going to take that back?"

She looked over to me and gave me a crooked smile. "Sure, what the hell. The sad thing is that to me, that's worth four years of torture right there."

***

Now, I was walking through Sophomore hallway once again, carrying my English book under one arm and considering Marisol's definition of "torture", when I suddenly felt a hand pressing a piece of paper into mine. I would have said something if I hadn't looked to the left and seen Seth's face, innocence itself, as he let go of my hand and walked past me at a fast pace. I shook my head in disbelief, resisting looking down at the paper until I slipped into my seat in the old lunchroom. People were still congratulating Seth on his stellar performance at the game, and only when Miss Larsen quieted everyone down I dared take out the note. I flattened it on top of my English book and read: Can you wait for me by the back door after practice? There was a hastily scrawled 6:30 pm, as if he had only later realized that maybe not everyone in the school knew when football practice ended. I did happen to know that the official ending to the practice was at six, and the half hour might well be a precaution on his part so we wouldn't get caught. 

Why does he risk getting caught anyway? I wondered to myself. Why the hell didn't he just fuck me in the safety of his own home, or car, or mine? Why the hell didn't he just fuck one of the cheerleaders in the first place? Most of them were more than willing, from what I'd heard. I could only assume that he got a couple of thrills off of this hiding game we were playing. 

I looked up and straight into his eyes. He had been watching me while I read. His eyebrows lifted questioningly, and I gave him a short nod and a smile, which he returned with one of his own. Then we both lowered our heads back to our respective books. 

A day of school had never stretched out so long for me before. Classes went by so painfully slowly that I felt compelled to take some extremely long bathroom breaks and draw stick figures along the margins of my notebook. Most of them were in positions so obvious that I erased them right away, for fear of anyone else glancing over and noticing them. My eraser had worn down almost all the way by the time I packed up my things and crossed the hallway for my PE class. I was a little early and was surprised to notice the smiling faces of some of the cheerleaders upon entering the locker room, giggling gleefully while changing into their tight PE outfits. The second thing was Marisol, in a weeping heap in the back corner. I was by her side in a second, pushing one of the other girls aside who pushed back indignantly. When I put my hand on Marisol's shoulder, she looked up at me and I gasped at the dark bruise hat had started to form around one of her eyes, letting it swell shut, and her cut, bloody lip. 

"Jesus Christ Marisol, what happened?"

"Later," it came over her trembling lips. "Told Basset. Says I can't skip PE."

It took me a moment to understand what she was saying. "You mean Coach Basset saw you like this? And he said you still had to attend class? What an asshole!"

Marisol nodded, her brown eyes cast towards the floor, and I started to get extremely pissed off. Being biased as a teacher or coach was one thing. But telling a girl that had obviousy been punched in the face to come to class anyway was downright hazing, and I stood up resolutely. 

"Don't move. I'll be right back."

For lack of anything else, I wet my PE shirt with cold water at the sink and pressed it into Marisol's hands before storming off into the direction of the boys PE locker room. Coach Basset had a small office there, and I was intending to give him a piece of my mind. I puched the door open and stormed into the locker room with no regard for the few boys who yelped and covered themselves with various articles of clothing upon seeing me. Most others were just mildly amused, and one said "What the hell?" in an astonished tone, but Coach Basset has glimpsed me through the little window in his office door, and stormed outside. He was a lean and tall man, young enough to be physically fit, but old enough to have quite a bit of authority.

"What in the world are you doing?" he snapped at me, and I snapped right back. "Standing up for my friend. You're making her go to class despite the fact that she's obviously been punched. What's that supposed to be for?"

"Your friend has nothing but a scratch, my dear, and that's not a good enough reason to cut class. If she's not feeling well she's welcome to get a pass from me later and go see the nurse. Now I'd appreciate it if you could let these boys finish changing in peace so they can get to their classes." 

He turned to go, but I wasn't moving. 

"My friend has a cut lip and a black eye, and I don't know what your definition of a scratch is, but she's in pain and needs those taken care of now, and without getting an unexcused absence from you."

He turned to face me again. "Listen here, missy..."

But then, one of the boys behing me cut in. "Coach, this is ridiculous. Let her take her friend to the nurse."

I tensed. I hadn't even noticed Seth in the room when I had come in, but his voice and the authority with which he so naturally spoke were unmistakable. He was basically giving Coach Basset an order. The Coach just looked over my shoulder for a second, then he slumped a bit and looked back at me. 

"Fine," he spat. "Don't let it happen again, or else." Those last words were an empty threat, and I knew he only spoke them to save face. Looking mad, he strode back into his office and slammed the door shut. When I turned, some of the boys hastily covered themselves again, but I wasn't looking at them, only at the tall figure of Seth who was standing close to the door, looking back at me for a moment. Then, he slammed his locker shut, grabbed his backpack and turned in one fluid motion, walking out the door. I blinked once and finally realized that the boys were getting impatient and I needed to move. 
