 I didn't catch a glimpse of Seth again that day, but when I was at my neighbors' house at night and the twins were finally in bed, I curled up on the couch and considered the situation, and the questions that were still nagging. If Seth had really managed to get back at Amanda for me – and I assumed that it had been him – did it mean that he really cared about me? He had seemed sincere when we had last talked, and angry at the thought that anyone might have hurt me. But why had he ignored me for a whole week prior to this one? It didn't make sense to me, and I intended to ask him when I next talked to him. 

***

I almost refused to believe my eyes when it happened all over again the next day. I sat in study hall and stared him down for the whole class period, trying to get a reaction out of him. He had pointedly turned his face away when he had entered the room, taken out a book and started to read, and only once, towards the end of the class, did he look up at me. I could see that he wasn't mad, but he had a rather haunted look on his face. He had black circles under his eyes and his face was pale. The moment his eyes locked with mine, I understood that the look he gave me was one of apology, and when he finally lowered his head again, lips pressed together, I knew that this was all I was likely to get. 

***

The situation didn't change in the next few days. On Thursday night, I was babysitting the twins again when Marisol called me there to tell me that Amanda Morris had been suspended from school. 

"It's so strange!" she insisted, not noticing my lack of reaction to the news. "Nobody knows why it happened, just like when she was kicked out of cheerleading. Not that I'm not happy about it, but it's weird."

I agreed with that, but for a different reason. Did Seth think he could make me feel better by extracting revenge on Amanda? What the hell was he thinking? 

"Have you made up your mind if we're going to go to the football game tomorrow?" Marisol inquired. I knew she wanted to go, and I also knew that she would stick by me and not go if I decided not to. I sighed. 

"I'm not sure. I'll tell you later, if that's okay."

"Sure. I have to take a shower, I'l call you back in a little while. I just thought you'd like to know about Amanda too."

I agreed it was most exciting that we suddenly had Karma, and we hung up. I was feeling confused about this recent development, but that wasn't anything new. I just didn't understand Seth's motives, and I wished he would tell me what was going on with him. Did he succumb to some sort of social pressure? Was he trying not to hurt me? Neither really made sense. 

A headful of red curls bouncing adorably just below my line of sight brought me back to reality. I straightened up and looked around the side of the recliner that obscured my view. The little girl skipped past it and bounced onto the couch next to me. I yawned involuntarily and looked down at her. 

"Sarah, what are you doing? You're supposed to be in bed, sweetie."

She tilted her head and pointed her hazel eyes at me. "I can't find my bear. I think Jason took it."

"Don't accuse him without proof, let's go look for it first, okay?" I lifted her up into my arms, something I had done a million times before, but which was getting more and more difficult as she got older. I knew Sarah wasn't going to sleep without her bear, but I also didn't want her to start a screaming match with her twin brother. We turned the light in her room on and searched it together, Sarah crawling around under her bed while I looked in other likely spots. Finally, the phone rang again and I told Sarah to keep looking while I went and picked it up. 

I almost dropped it again when I heard Seth's voice. 

"Hi."

"Where did you even get this number?" was the first thing I managed to blurt out. He didn't seem irritated by that. 

"Your mom gave it to me when I called your house. I need to talk to you."

"Okay."

"Is it okay if I come over?" 

"What, here? Now?" His silence told me that that was what he had meant, and I considered it. The twins' parents had never had a problem with me having a friend over while babysitting, as long as it wasn't more than one and we weren't loud. "I suppose. Do you know how to get here?"

"I think so. I'll see you in a few minutes."

I hung up and shook my head. This boy was confusing. 

Back in her room, Sarah still hadn't found her bear, so I finally went into Jason's room and asked her brother about the stuffed animal's whereabouts. Jason, however, seemed to be honest about not knowing where the animal was, so I gritted my teeth and started to search the other rooms of the house where the twins had played earlier. I really wanted the two of them in bed before Seth got here, to make matters easier. I was relieved when the bear finally turned up under a couch cushion, and Sarah made no objections to being tucked back into her bed once she had it in her arms. I had barely closed the door to her room when I heard a knock on the front door. 

I was touched by the fact that Seth had been considerate enough not to ring the doorbell, but once I opened the door and looked at him I realized that things between us weren't alright again yet. He was wearing jeans and a baggy sweater in which even his big frame seemed somewhat lost, his arms were crossed before his chest and he was avoiding eye contact. 

"Come in," I asked him and he followed me into the living room without a word. I checked once more in the corridor to make sure the doors to both twins' rooms were closed, then I went back to him and sat down on the couch, next to him, but not so close that our bodies would touch in any way. 

"So?" I asked. 

He sighed and leaned back, turning his head to look into my eyes for the first time in days. "I'm sorry I haven't talked to you. It's... the situation is kind of complicated."

"You were involved with those things that happened to Amanda Morris, right?" I asked bluntly. He raised his eyebrows.

"Not the suspension. That was her own stupid fault. But I told you I wouldn't let her get away with that shit."

"Oh." I felt strangely relieved. But still, there were a bunch of other questions I needed answered. "Seth, I don't understand the way you act. It's confusing and it hurts."

"I know. I'm sorry." He sighed and put his head in his hands. "I told you it's complicated, I just... I can't tell you. Please. I really don't want to hurt you. I just can't let anyone know about this, and some people started to ask questions." 

"So you decided just to cool it for a few days."

"Yes. I'm sorry I didn't tell you. The first time it happened, I figured I'd just end it, but you're... ." He shook his head and shrugged helplessly. "I just want you and I can't help it." He looked up at me again, an honest, sad look in his eyes, and I simply melted. 

Somehow, my lips ended up on his and his body on top of mine on the couch. I could smell the scent again that I'd missed so much over the previous days, and my heartbeat accelerated as he pressed me down onto the couch. Our tongues duelled wildly while one of his hands grasped my hair, and the other one slid smoothly under my shirt. Both of my arms went around his neck before I came to my senses again and steadily pushed him away from me. 

"I'm sorry," I told him, taking a deep breath. "The twins haven't gone back to sleep yet, they might come out here if anything else is wrong, and we'd probably get too loud in any case. I can't risk it."

He slumped somewhat, but didn't argue. He withdrew his hands and, after a moment of consideration, settled with putting his arm around my shoulders and letting me rest against him comfortably. I sighed and enjoyed being so close to him once again. 

We sat there like this for quite a while, both staring straight ahead, lost in our own thoughts. I contemplated how to bring up the subject of our relationship, or more precisely how he envisioned continuing it, but I felt strangely tongue-tied. I was more relaxed than I had been in the past few days, glad that he was at least talking to me again and that he had admitted he still wanted me. 

Seth seemed to find the silence a bit unsettling as well, because he took a deep breath after a few minutes and then reached for the remote. 

"Do you mind?" he asked, while already pressing the button, and I shook my head. He changed the channel twice before he found the news, then settled back and watched. I stared blankly at the screen, rather disinterested, and after a little while my eyelids started to drop. 

"Wake me up if I fall asleep," I asked him, and he promptly shifted his body so I could be more comfortable. 

"You're not supposed to stop me, not help!" I voiced a mumbled protest, my head starting to slip down his chest, and he laughed as I dropped down into his lap. 

"Stupid boy," I grumbled, and he shifted again, making me raise my head rather quickly. "I'm, um... just going to assume that you're still very happy to see me."

"Nah, it's just the damn flashlight," he sighed, making me smile, and led my hand to his crotch. I hesitated for just a moment, then started stroking him. 

"They should be asleep now." At least, I hoped so, but the fact that Seth bowed his head and kissed me deeply made my head spin just a little and I ignored all of the What if's. I grasped the back of his head and held him close, still stroking him, and he let his hand glide over my chest, cupping my breasts through my t-shirt. After a few seconds, he had me raise my arms so he could pull the shirt over my head, which made me slightly nervous. It was one thing to make out on the couch fully clothed – to be caught in the act by the twins or their parents, naked, was something else entirely. 

Seth pressed me down onto the couch and rolled himself on top of me, while he made sure to press his crotch against me. I slung my legs around his waist while he got rid of his sweater, then he sank fully down on top of me and I could feel the warmth of his body close to mine. He kissed me again, slowly and deeply, while his hand tangled itself in my hair. When our lips finally separated, I smiled dreamily at him. I was glad to be back in his arms, no matter how strange and irritating his behavior had been. 

I grasped his shoulders and held him close, but Seth had other plans. He raised himself slightly to gain access to my pants, then grimaced. 

"You really, really need to start wearing skirts girl."

"Any other wishes?" I asked while he fumbled with the button, and he nodded. 

"Yes. A cellphone. I've mentioned that before."

"Well, you only get one," I told him while raising my hips, and he pulled down both jeans and underwear in one motion, moving lower so he could also take off my socks. I squeaked quietly and sat up. I felt exposed all of a sudden, a feeling I didn't like, and Seth seemed to realize that. He grabbed the fleece blanket that sat on top of the recliner and lovingly wrapped me in it. Then, he took off his own pants, and was suddenly completely naked. 

"Hey," I said when I noticed the missing underwear. "Were you hoping to get lucky or something?"

He laughed and sat next to me, and I gave him a corner of the blanket to share. "Believe it or not, this is entirely coincidental."

"Yeah, sure," I smiled and tilted my head, giving his semi-erect cock a look. "Want me to do something about that?"

He nodded, but before I could lower my head, he reached around me and unclasped my bra expertly with one hand. I let it drop to the floor before sinking on my knees and grasping his cock with both hands. 

It was a slow, tender blowjob. I licked and circled him with my tongue forever before I finally took him into my mouth, sliding down and back up slowly. Seth sighed in pleasure and leaned back, one hand lazily tangled in my hair, the other arm stretched out across the sofa. I didn't increase the pace, and he didn't push, but simply closed his eyes and enjoyed the sensation. I tried to be versatile, to suck, nibble, lick and kiss at intervals, coming up to relax my jaw every once in a while. Seth only gave a soft sigh every time I slid my lips back down, but finally, he stopped me with his hand under my chin. 

"Come back up, babe. I want to fuck you."

I let him pull me onto the couch, where he moved on top of me and pulled the blanket over both of us. I felt a little more secure that way, even though it wouldn't help a lot if we were indeed caught by anyone. The leather of the couch felt cold on my skin and I was grateful for the bodywarmth Seth gave me. He eased my legs apart with his knee, briefly brushed my clit and pussy with his finger, checking for moisture, and then he carefully slid inside me. 

I exhaled slowly and grasped his shoulders once more as he sheathed himself, all the way on the first thrust, pressing his hips against mine so hard it hurt. 

"Jesus," I whispered, shuddering, and my nails dug into his flesh. Seth groaned and started to pull out, then thrust again. It felt exquisite, and I closed my eyes and just enjoyed the act, not trying to reach orgasm but simply lost in the sensation of his bodyweight pressing down on me, of his arms holding me and of his cock slowly and steadily sliding into and out of my pussy. 

He showered my face with tender kisses, making me smile with my eyes still closed. After a while, he settled for nibbling at my neck, then stroking my hair with one hand. I enjoyed all of his caressing immensely.

"Promise you'll wear a skirt tomorrow?"

"Hm?" I opened my eyes, unsure if I had misunderstood the question. But he repeated it, a half-smile on his face, not interrupting the slow-motion penetration. I sighed and then gave a light nod. 

"Good. You have lovely legs, you know."

"Thanks," I mumbled and pulled him down for a long kiss. When we separated again, I continued: "But that doesn't mean I'm wild about showing them to all of Glenn Valley. I'm assuming you're not going to accept anything more than knee length?"

"The shortest one you have," he answered, and his pace increased suddenly, showing me how much the idea excited him. 

"I'll get in trouble," I sighed, and met his faster thrusts with my body. He kissed me again, now breathing heavily.

"Not if I can help it."

"Damn you," I mumbled, freshly out of excuses, but I was also turned on by the idea of the way Seth would look at me in study hall. I didn't truly care very much about other people's reaction; it wasn't like my reputation needed protecting. 

"I'm assuming that means I win." Seth smiled down at me, small beads of sweat now forming on his forehead. He was still thrusting at the increased pace, and although I didn't have more than a warm, tingly feeling in my stomach, I could tell he was getting close. He stopped for a moment, trying to hold back and catch his breath, but I shook my head. 

"Go ahead, it's fine." I tenderly wiped the sweat from his face and encouraged him to go on. I was enjoying this tender moment enough without wanting to orgasm, and I didn't want to deny him the pleasure. He looked at me doubtfully for a moment, then closed his eyes and penetrated me once again.

It didn't take long after that. I watched his face as he came, which was starting to become one of my favorite things. He just looked so peaceful while he came, a look of complete and utter bliss on his face while I could feel the rhythmic pulsating of his cock inside me as he spent himself. He finally gasped and collapsed on top of me, mindful enough to rest part of his weight on his arms and legs instead of me. 

He slid next to me after a while and we spooned, kissing and talking about meaningless things. Seth vented some of his frustration with the members of the football team, and I told him about the sleeping twins, and my various adventures babysitting them. I wasn't sure if Seth even cared, but somehow, that didn't seem to be the point. 

We eventually decided it was time to get dressed again, as I wasn't sure exactly when my neighbors would be back. I felt a slight sense of relief as I slipped back into my pants; simply because I had been tense this whole time that one or the other redheaded child would come walking into the living room. I'd never abused my responsibility like this and felt a little guilty. But the thought was wiped from my mind as soon as Seth, standing in front of the door already, took me in his arms and kissed me goodbye.

"So, am I going to... see you tomorrow?" I wanted to know, and he grinned down at me bemusedly. 

"Oh, definitely. As a matter of fact, I already have something in mind."