 The Principal Finds Willing Women©

Although this story has one scene where a mother and daughter have sex, the majority of the characters are not related, so I decided it would best fit in the Erotic Coupling category rather than the Incest/Taboo category. Please be warned, there is an incest scene between a mother and her daughter. All characters are over 18-years-old. I do not condone incest, and I do not condone members of a school staff having sex with students. This is a work of fiction. 

Just a recap. I am a High School Principal and I broke every rule in the book by fucking one of my students. Lexi was 18 and looked like a Playboy centerfold. She told me her divorced Mom had not had sex in over two years, and while she was my age, she looked just like her daughter. Lexi said she wanted us to hook up.

I had also discovered that my prim and proper, shy assistant, was actually a sexually frustrated woman who liked to be submissive. She told me that she wanted to be my slut, and I was certainly willing to satisfy her needs. 

* * * * * 

I was in my office one day when my assistant told me a student's mother wanted to speak to me. I told her to send her in. As I said, I was fucking an 18-year-old student named Lexi. The woman who walked into my office looked exactly like Lexi. I asked her to have a seat and then asked how I could help her. By the way she was looking at me, I felt like I was a Thanksgiving turkey and she was trying to decide which part of me she wanted to eat first.

"My name is Marcie Reynolds. Lexi Reynolds is my daughter. I have noticed a change in her lately. I'm not sure how to describe it, and I can't put my finger on it, but something is different. I just wanted to talk to you to see if you had noticed anything, or maybe you might know something that happened, or... I don't know. Maybe I'm just being silly. Do you know of anything that might have happened at school that Lexi was involved in? And while I'm at it, is Lexi doing O.K. in school? I mean, has she been involved in anything that would cause her to be disciplined?"

"Mrs. Reynolds, I know Lexi, and I can assure you she has not caused any trouble that would require disciplinary matters. In fact, she is a very good student. I don't think there's anything you have to worry about, at least as far as school is concerned." 

"Oh. Well, thank you. That takes a load off my mind. And it's Ms. Reynolds, or better yet, just Marcie. I haven't been married for quite a while."

"I'm sorry. I guess I shouldn't assume. Not to pry, but do you have a new man in your life? I mean, maybe that could have something to do with Lexi's change in behavior."

"Pfffttt! That's a joke! No, I don't have a new man in my life. I haven't been with a man since before I divorced Lexi's no good, lying, cheating father." After an uncomfortable pause, she said, "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said that. Too much information. I didn't mean to unload on you."

"Don't worry about it. I'm surprised though. I would think you would have men lining up outside your door. You are very attractive. Any man would be lucky to date you."

"Thank you. You're very sweet. It's not that I haven't been asked out, it's just that I haven't been interested. After the experience I had with Lexi's father, I just don't think I can trust men anymore. Did I mention he was a lying, cheating bastard?"

I laughed and answered, "I think you did mention that. Ms. ... I mean, Marcie, maybe that has something to do with Lexi's change in behavior. Maybe she's just worried about you. Maybe she wants to see you happy or see you having fun. Listen, I don't want to offend you or butt into your business ..." I paused for a minute to gather my thoughts and try to find the right words. I continued, "Can I tell you something? I have never been married. I very rarely date and I think most people assume I'm gay. That's O.K because I don't care what people think, and it keeps them out of my business. And, just in case you were wondering, I am far from gay. Anyway, and if I'm out of line just tell me, but I was wondering if you would let me take you to dinner. You already know I'm not a lying, cheating bastard."

She chuckled at that and continued smiling. She was staring at me, her eyes were sparkling, and her bright smile was dazzling. She finally responded by asking, "Do you think that would be appropriate?"

"I have been here for almost two years and I have read every rule and regulation pertaining to my job. I don't recall seeing anything that prohibits me from asking a beautiful divorced woman out to dinner, even if she is the mother of a student. I don't see anything inappropriate about it."

She took a deep breath in, held it, and then slowly let it out before saying, "I hope I don't live to regret this. What did you have in mind?"

I asked her if she had a preference in restaurants, and when she said she didn't, I asked her what kind of food she liked. We settled on the time, date, and place, and she got up to leave. She said, "Dr. Masters, this isn't what I was expecting when I came here, but believe it or not, I do feel better now. Maybe Lexi will be happy when she hears I'm going to dinner with someone. Thank you."

"Please, call me Bob. And, I'm glad you feel better. I'm sure Lexi will be happy for you. I'll see you Friday night. I look forward to it." With that, she stood up, shook my hand, and left.

I took her to a trendy Thai restaurant where we had an excellent meal. When I took her home, she invited me in to have a glass of wine. After she poured a second glass for us, she said she had had a nice time and she was glad she had agreed to go out with me. We had been sitting on opposite sides of the sofa while we drank the first glass, but when she handed me the second glass, she sat down next to me. When she said she was happy about going out with me, I put my arm around her. When she didn't flinch or protest, I pulled her to me and kissed her. Much to my satisfaction, she returned the kiss by opening her mouth and putting her tongue in my mouth. We kissed for several minutes before she whispered, "Would you like to take me to bed?"

Would I? My dick had already started stirring while we were kissing. When she whispered in my ear that she wanted me to take her to bed, it immediately became erect. We stood up and she led me back to her bedroom. I asked her if she was worried about Lexi coming home, and she told me she was spending the weekend with a friend.

We got undressed and her body looked like it belonged to someone who was still in her twenties. My dick was now fully erect and when she saw it, she said, "Oh. My. God! That's the greatest cock I have ever seen!" She then dropped to her knees, took it in her hands, and started licking it, first around the head, then up both sides, and then she put it in her mouth. That was not what I had expected. I wasn't complaining, mind you. It's just that I usually like to get things started by licking the woman's snatch. Like I said, I wasn't complaining. She was giving me a very thorough blowjob.

"Fuck! I've missed this so much. I love to suck cock and you taste so good. I love the way it feels in my mouth."

"Marcie, that feels REALLY good. I love having my cock in your mouth, but I'm not going to last long if you keep that up. Why don't you let me return the favor. I would love to lick your pussy."

"I know you're able to cum more than once, aren't you? At least I hope you can. Just let me finish sucking your dick. After you cum in my mouth, you can lick my pussy. Let's move to the bed."

I couldn't argue with that. She took my dick out of her mouth just long enough to let me sit on the edge of her bed. Then she went back to work licking and sucking my dick. Damn! She was a VERY good cocksucker. It only took me a couple of minutes before I unloaded my hot cum in her mouth. She swallowed all of it and then licked me clean. I actually heard her smack her lips and say, "Umm."

She got up off her knees and sat down next to me and then gave me a deep kiss. Then she laid back and said, "Did I hear you say something about licking my pussy?"

I put my head between her legs and breathed in her musky aroma before parting her pussy lips and licking her sweet snatch. When I went to work on her clit, she arched her back, moaned loudly, and then had a thunderous, body shuddering orgasm. "Fuck! You're really good at eating pussy! Shit! I haven't had anybody do that to me in years. Now, come fuck me, please."

How could I refuse? I mean, she did say please. I helped her move up the bed and I moved up with her until my knees were on the mattress between her legs. My dick was throbbing in anticipation, but I took the time to lean down and take a tit in my mouth, licking around her nipple before sucking it and then softly biting it. She whimpered and pulled her legs up, letting them open, which caused her pussy to open wider. By the whimpers, I could tell she liked having her tits sucked, but I could also tell by her open legs she really wanted to get fucked.

I grabbed my cock and rubbed it up and down her pussy lips which were now wet. When she lifted her hips up, trying to get my cock inside her pussy, I pushed the tip in and held it there. When I had first fucked her daughter, Lexi, she had asked me to go easy because she thought I would be too big for her, but her mother didn't seem to have a problem with that. She said, "Stick it in! Let me feel your cock! Fuck me!"

When I started slowly stroking in and out, she said, "Yes! Just like that. That feels so good!"

I could feel her humping, actually fucking me back by meeting each stroke. I started to go a little faster and a little deeper, and I was soon rewarded with her climax. "YES! FUCK YES! You are fucking me so good."

"Do you want more, Marcie?"

"Oh, fuck yes. Fuck me more. I love your cock!" As she was saying that, I had started burying my cock in as far as it would go. She screamed, "OH SHIT! I'M CUMMINNGGG!"

I could feel her juices coating my dick as I continued pumping in and out, pulling almost all the way out before plunging all the way back in on every stroke. She bucked her ass up and wrapped her legs around my back, pulling me in with her heels. She was panting loudly and moaning, "Unh, unh, unh" on each stroke.

I felt that old tingle boiling up in my balls. When I told her I was about to cum, she screamed, "YES! CUM IN ME! GIVE ME YOUR CUM!"

I couldn't last another second. I shot stream after stream of hot cum in her sopping cunt. "Oh, fuck yes. Your pussy feels so good wrapped around my cock."

I felt her body shudder and she said, "Damn that felt good. I have never cum like that. Hell, I haven't cum at all for far too long. Did I tell you I love your cock?"

My cock was still inside her very wet pussy, and it had barely started to soften. Her pussy felt amazing. As much as I had loved her daughter's tight, 18-year-old pussy, I was thinking her mother's thirty-something-year-old pussy was just as good as I slowly withdrew, and I collapsed on the bed beside her.

We laid in bed for another fifteen minutes, exploring each other's bodies and passionately kissing. I was spending a lot of time kissing and sucking her tits. "Do you like my tits?"

"Like them? No, I love them. You have very nice tits."

"You mean for an old broad?"

I almost fucked up. I almost told her they were just as nice as her daughter's, but I caught myself. "No, I think they are just as nice, or nicer, than a teenager's perky tits. I could spend hours sucking them."

"And just how do you know what a teenager's tits look like?"

"Are you kidding me? I haven't seen them in the flesh, mind you, but I see the girls walking down the hall at school wearing tight blouses, halter tops, and T-shirts. It's hard not to notice them."

She chuckled and said, "Yeah, I know. Lexi is one of them. I almost said something to her once, but I knew that would be hypocritical. I did the same thing when I was her age. Do you think you could take your mouth off my tit long enough to fuck me again? I wasn't kidding when I said I love your cock. Do you need some help getting it up again?"

Before I could answer, she crawled down and took my cock in her mouth and started sucking. In less than a minute, I was hard as a rock again. We fucked for at least forty-five minutes. I was glad I didn't have to work the next day, because I was exhausted. She had one leg thrown over mine and she was lazily rubbing her fingers through my chest hair when she said, "I am so happy I let you take me to dinner. I know the man is supposed to ask the woman out, but I would like to let you know, you don't have to ask me out again. I don't need to be wined and dined. I would rather skip that and just get to the fucking. Would that be O.K. with you? I mean, that's assuming you would like to fuck me again."

"Marcie, you are an amazing woman. I would love to fuck you again, whenever you would like. Just let me know."

"You know, I have a confession. Lexi talked me into coming to see you at school. I made up that stuff about being worried about something. She told me she thought you were hot, and I probably would too. She was right. I think I actually got wet while we were talking. I couldn't believe it when you asked me out."

She let out a big sigh and said, "I have always been open with Lexi. I started talking to her about sex when she started High School. I told her that if she was thinking about fucking somebody to let me know first. I wanted to make sure she was on the pill. I know she has had an active sex life and I'm alright with that as long as she doesn't get pregnant. We have even watched porn together and masturbated in front of each other. When she told me about you, I could tell she has a big crush on you. She's turning nineteen next month and I was trying to think of what to give her. I hope you won't get upset with me, but the way you just fucked the shit out of me, I'm pretty sure you're not a prude. Would you be willing to have a threesome with us? If you are, I would be willing to let you fuck her in private later, if she wanted to, but I would want to be there the first time. You've already told me you have been looking at teenage girl's titties. You can't tell me you haven't fantasized about fucking a teenager, too."

I was shocked! I couldn't believe she had not only just offered to let me fuck her daughter, but to have a threesome with them. Of course, I had already been fucking her daughter for several weeks, but that's beside the point. I stared at her with my mouth hanging open for a minute before I could find my voice.

"Wow! I can't believe you would do that, not only for your daughter, but for me. I'm honored that you would put that much trust in me. And, to answer your question, I have stared at the girl's tits, and, yes, I have fantasized about fucking them, but I really don't want to lose my job, which is exactly what would happen if anyone ever found out. I think Lexi is a very attractive young lady, but if we did something like that, I know the whole school would know about it within a week. I taught high school before I was a principal, and one thing I have learned is, teenagers, both boys and girls, can't keep a secret. I can just imagine Lexi talking to her friends and saying, "You won't believe what I did." I would be out of a job the next week, so, as temping as your offer is, I can't accept."

"Look, I understand, but Lexi is not like that. I'm actually very proud of her. She is mature for her age and I'm sure if I talked to her about how important it was to keep our secret, she would. As a matter of fact, we could both sit down with her and explain it to her. I told you I'm aware that she has an active sex life, but she's used to dating a bunch of pencil dick high school boys. I want her to know what it's like to be with a man, a real man like you, who can show her what it's like to be thoroughly fucked. How about it? Are you willing to help me?"

Before I could answer, she chuckled and said, "Your head might be telling you no, but your dick is saying yes!"

When I looked down, my dick was rock hard. The thought of fucking mother and daughter at the same time was a big turn on. She reached down to rub my dick and said, "Why don't you fuck me again, and you can imagine you are fucking Lexi."

We fucked again while I was thinking about fucking Lexi. I fucked the shit out of Marcie. It's not so much that I was thinking about Lexi, it's that I was thinking about fucking her in front of her mother, and then fucking them both at the same time. After we had both cum so hard that we almost passed out, I made a suggestion. "Marcie, I am very intrigued by your proposal. As you could probably tell, it is a very exciting thing to think about. I mean, fucking you is amazing. I can only imagine how great it would be to fuck both of you. But I am still worried about it getting out. I don't want to ruin the surprise, but I think it would be better if we sat down together and had a talk with her before we actually did anything. Hell, she might not even be interested in being with an old guy like me."

"Oh, she'd be interested alright. She was practically gushing when she was describing you to me. I had no doubt she was interested in you. I was so intrigued by seeing how excited she was just talking about you, I had to go see for myself. I'm glad I did."

"Well, alright, but let's talk to her together first."

"Deal. I'll tell you when."

I was so exhausted I spent the night with Marcie. When I woke up the next morning, she was giving me a nice slow blowjob. This was going to be an interesting relationship.

* * * * *

A week later, I was sitting in my office going over some budget proposals, when my assistant, Mary, informed me a student had been sent to the office for misbehavior. She handed me a slip of paper from the teacher. I told her to send her in.

The student was about 5'6", 125 pounds, with straight black hair and brown eyes. She appeared to be Hispanic. She was wearing a red halter top and a short blue skirt. She had big round breasts that must have been at least 38 C cups, and I was wondering if she was wearing a bra. She must have been because I couldn't see her nipples, but she was wearing a halter top and I didn't see any bra straps.

Anyway, I tore my eyes away from her breasts long enough to tell her to have a seat. Just like Lexi had done, she skipped the wooden chairs in front of my desk, and instead sat down on my sofa. When she crossed her legs, her skirt rode up, exposing a good deal of her tan thighs. I lifted my eyes from her thighs to her face and found her smiling at me.

I stared at the paper I had been given, and when I was sure I could speak, I confirmed her name. "Miranda Garcia. Is that right?"

"Yes sir."

I saw she had been sent by the same teacher that had sent Lexi to me, and for the same reason, disrupting the class. I gave her my best stern principal look and asked, "Why are you here, Miranda?"

"Well, we were talking about Thomas Jefferson and I said I heard he was a real stud. When everyone started laughing, our history teacher got mad and sent me here."

"And why did you say that?"

"Well, like, I saw this movie about him, and it said he was, like, screwing his slave and had several babies with her. And it said she wasn't the only one he was fu...uh, screwing. So, I just assumed he was a stud."

I had been looking at her file on my computer screen before I said, "Miranda, I'm surprised. I see here you are a straight A student and you have never been in any trouble before. It's not like you to disrupt the class. Do you want to tell me what's really going on?"

She was looking down at her hands and swinging her foot back and forth when she said in a low voice, "Well, I knew that if I said something in history class I would get sent to the office for punishment."
