 This is a new series featuring Robert Masters, a High School Principal. Unlike the John Law series, which was based on my true stories, this series is completely fictional. The High School Principal is NOT real, the High School is NOT real, and all the characters are totally made up and NOT based on real people. I do not condone any High School Principal having sex with his students. All characters are over 18 years old.

*****

The Beginnings ©

My name is Robert Masters. I graduated from High School in 1985 at the top of my class. I attended Princeton University where I obtained a Bachelor's Degree in Education. I taught seventh grade History in Raleigh, NC, until I decided to get my Master's in Education and then a Doctor of Education from Georgetown University. I taught History in High School for five years before landing a job as a High School Principal in Waco, Texas.

I am 34 years old, six foot, two hundred pounds, blond hair and blue eyes. I got interested in fitness while playing sports in High School, including being the captain of our wrestling team, and I have continued to work out religiously ever since. As a result, I have a very muscular and toned body with what everyone calls six-pack abs. I have never had a problem picking up women, although I have chosen to stay single all these years. I have been told often enough, and I guess I believe it to be true, that I am well-endowed. My cock is about eight inches in length with a thick girth when fully erect. 

By the end of my first year as a principal, I felt pretty comfortable with my position and decided I was doing a pretty good job. The school was doing great when compared to other schools in the area, and I hadn't heard any complaints from the school board, staff, or parents. I had developed a reputation as a hard ass and even the toughest boys knew better than to fuck with me. Early on I had pulled a couple of the known troublemakers off to the side and threatened to break their neck if they caused any more trouble in school. Apparently, they believed me.

About two months into my second year, a very pretty 18-year-old senior was sent to my office for disrupting her class. Apparently, her history teacher had given the class an assignment to watch a movie about the Revolutionary War. When they were discussing it in class, they were talking about a character that was played by a popular actor, and she said something to the effect of "I wouldn't throw him out of my bed!" When the class broke out in laughter, the old fuddy-duddy teacher got upset and sent her to the principal's office.

My office had a desk and chair, two wooden chairs in front of the desk, and a fabric covered sofa against one wall. When she came into my office, I told her to close the door and have a seat. She chose to ignore the wooden chairs and instead sat on the sofa. She had long blond hair pulled into a ponytail, deep blue eyes, and a body that most women would kill for. When she sat down, she crossed her legs, exposing a good deal of tan thighs. When I looked at her face, she was smiling.

"Lexi Reynolds. Is that right?"

"Yes sir."

"Tell me what happened in class today."

"The teacher asked us what we thought about the actor who played Thomas Jefferson in this movie we watched, and I guess I made a stupid remark that I shouldn't have."

"What exactly did you say, Lexi?"

"Well, when he asked us what we thought about the guy, I said I wouldn't throw him out of my bed. I know I shouldn't have said that, and I know it was wrong. It just sorta came out. I'm sorry."

"How old are you Lexi?"

"I'll be 19 in three months."

"And, if you don't mind me asking, are you sexually active?"

"Not as active as I would like to be" she said with a smile.

"Do you use birth control?"

She looked at me with a strange look on her face before she slowly answered, "Yes. Why do you ask?"

"Oh, I was just trying to think of how I should punish you. I mean, I couldn't spank you, now could I?"

She almost whispered when she answered, "You could if you wanted to."

"Come over here, Lexi."

She stood up, not bothering to keep her legs closed or smoothing her skirt down over her thighs. When she was standing in front of me, I told her to lay across my lap. She didn't hesitate, but when she had her ass sticking up and her head hanging down, she asked, "You're not really going to spank me, are you?"

"Don't you think you deserve it?"

"Yes sir. Probably. I'm just really not into pain."

I lifted her skirt up, exposing a very small white lace thong. I put my hand on her ass and rubbed it back and forth a couple of times before asking, "Do you mind if I remove these?"

"No sir. Go ahead."

I slowly pulled the thong down her legs and started rubbing her ass again. "Lexi, I can either spank you, which will really hurt, or I can suspend you for a week, which I don't think your parents would be too happy about, or I can have you write a 5000 word essay, which I don't think you would like very much, or..." I hesitated for a second before continuing, "I can lick your pussy until you cum and then you can suck my dick until I cum in your mouth. Why don't you decide."

I had started rubbing her pussy and had just stuck a finger between her lips when she moaned and said, "Why don't you just fuck me?"

"Now, Lexi, that wasn't one of the choices. I tell you what, I will lick your pussy, after which you will suck my dick, and then you will meet me at my apartment after school and I will fuck you. How about that? Does that sound like an acceptable punishment?"

She looked back over her shoulder, gave me a big smile, and said, "Yes please."

I had her sit on the edge of my desk and I put my mouth over her sweet blond muff and started licking up and down her pink lips, causing her to wiggle her ass back and forth. When I put my tongue inside and started lapping her juices, she draped both legs over my shoulders. "Shit! You're damn good at that."

I continued licking, lapping, and tongue fucking her, causing her to moan and buck her hips up to meet my mouth. When I found her clit, I gave it a couple of big licks and then began sucking on it. She hissed, "Fuck! I'm gonna cum!" as she put her hand on the back of my head, trying to pull my face deeper into her pussy. 

Her 18-year-old pussy was so sweet and so tight that I could have sucked on it for hours. However, I had told her I was going to lick her pussy until she climaxed, and I had fulfilled that promise. Now it was her turn.

"Trade places with me."

She slid off the edge of my desk while I stood up and dropped my pants, allowing my now very hard cock to stand straight out. She sat down in my desk chair, and when she looked at my cock, her eyes got big and she said, "You've got to be kidding me! You don't really plan on sticking that thing in my little pussy, do you?"

"I do. Don't worry, it'll fit. I'll get you lubed up first and then I'll go slow. Believe me, you're going to like it. I've never had any complaints. Now, if you don't mind, suck my cock, and I will warn you now, I plan to cum in your mouth."

She leaned forward and licked her lips before grabbing my cock with both hands. She tentatively licked around the head before slowly sliding her lips over it. Once she was sure she could take it all, she started to suck my cock, slowly at first, and then increasing speed by bobbing her head up and down, making slurping sounds. She was obviously experienced at giving blowjobs by the way she enthusiastically sucked my cock. I pride myself on being able to last quite a while during sex, but I could tell I was going to cum soon. "Oh, fuck yes! Suck my dick!"

That seemed to inspire her, and she started sucking faster. "I'm gonna cum!"

She continued sucking as I blew a load of hot cum down her throat. She swallowed as much as she could, and when a few streams leaked out of the side of her lips, she licked them up with her tongue and swallowed them too.

I eased my dick out of her mouth and wiped it off with some tissues I had on the desk. When I looked at her, she had a naughty smile on her face as she said, "That was amazing! I loved sucking your dick. I have never had a dick that big before."

I gave her some tissues to clean her lips and she put her thong back on. I handed her a post-it note with my address on it and said, "Meet me there thirty minutes after school is out. Don't be late. When you leave here, have a sad look on your face with your head down. If anybody asks, tell them you have to write a 3000 word essay. O.K.?"

"O.K. I can't wait for the rest of my punishment. See you later."

She hung her head and pouted before walking out the door and past the office staff. I really wanted to fuck her on my couch, but I was afraid we would make too much noise. When she left, I felt no one was any the wiser. 

I sat back down behind my desk and thought about what had just happened. I had been at the school for almost two years and I had never attempted to have sex with a student. Of course, I had noticed the very sexy girls, especially the seniors. Several of them flaunted their sexuality, both in the way they carried themselves, and especially in the way they dressed. Seeing all those toned legs in short skirts or shorts, and the fine, round asses in tight jeans, not to mention some of the nicest racks I had ever seen hidden behind tight blouses or sweaters, always had me sexually frustrated when I went home. I had also heard rumors about certain girls who were regularly fucking more than one guy and who would fuck almost anybody who asked. I'm not sure what had caused me to act the way I did with Lexi. Maybe it was the fact that she was sexy as hell, she was an adult, she seemed confident when she was alone with me, and she had not bothered to keep her legs closed as she flopped down on my couch. She admitted she was sexually active, admitted that she was using birth control, and had been more than willing to let me feel her ass. I was looking forward to fucking her, and I was wondering if any other student who was sent to my office would be as willing as she had been.

When I got home, Lexi was standing outside my door. I unlocked and opened the door while looking around to see if anyone had seen us. I hurried her inside and followed close behind, closing and locking the door behind me.

"How much time do you have, Lexi?"

"I don't have to be home for several hours. Why"

"I was just trying to figure out how long I would have to fuck you. It would be a shame to have to have a quickie. I would much rather take my time and make love to you. You wouldn't want to just have a quickie and leave, would you?"

She was looking at me with what I would describe as amazement, with her eyes wide and her mouth open. When she made eye contact with me, she shook her head no and said, "No, I think I would enjoy being fucked by your big dick for a really long time, I mean, if you're serious."

"Oh, I'm serious alright. Why don't we go to the bedroom."

I took her to my bedroom where we both quickly got undressed and got in bed. It was the first time I had seen her completely nude, and I was in awe. She had a perfect, flawless body. I pushed her back on the bed and put one of her magnificent tits in my mouth and started sucking while I tweaked the other one with my hand. After I had given both equal treatment, I leaned into her and gave her a kiss. After a brief second of reluctance, she started kissing me back, pressing her tongue in my mouth. After a brief make out session, I went down on her and started licking her sweet pussy again. After she had climaxed and was sufficiently lubricated, I moved up to get between her legs.

She was panting from her recent orgasm when she put her hand on my shoulder and said, "Please go easy on me. I've never had a dick that big before."

"I promise I won't hurt you. I'll be gentle. If you want me to stop, just tell me."

I put the tip of my cock in the opening of her pussy. She was panting in anticipation. She had her hands on my chest, I'm assuming, so she could push me away if I was hurting her. I could feel her hot pussy that was already wet, so I pushed the tip in until I could feel her tight pussy close around my cock. I stopped to let her get used to it. She was still panting, so I whispered, "Relax, Lexi. Just relax and enjoy the ride. Are you O.K.?"

"Yes. It feels good. I'm just afraid I won't be able to take it all."

"You'd be surprised what you can take. If you're O.K. with it so far, I'm going to put a little more in, and then I'll stop again to let you get used to it. O.K.?"

"Mmm Humm."

When I pushed in a little bit more, she let out a squeal, and I could feel her pussy juice coat my cock as she had an orgasm. I paused for a moment but took the time to suck a nipple in my mouth and flick it with my tongue. When I looked at her face, she had her eyes squeezed tight and her breath was still coming in rapid pants. I again whispered, "Relax. Am I hurting you?"

She let out a long breath and then answered, "No. It feels so good. I can't believe how big you are, but it feels really good."

"Lexi, relax and breathe normally. I'm not going to put any more in, but I'm going to start fucking you now. O.K.?"

"Yes! Please fuck me!"

I withdrew almost all the way and then slowly pushed back in. When she didn't complain, I started a slow back and forth motion, plunging about half of my length in with each stroke. I could feel her pussy juices flowing around my cock. When I was sure she was enjoying being fucked, I slowly increased my speed and depth, giving her a little more with each stroke until I was all the way in. After just a few long, deep strokes, she let out a low throaty groan which rapidly increased into a scream as she had a massive orgasm. I slowed down the strokes to let her climax subside and then started pumping again, faster and deeper. She had two more orgasms before I couldn't hold back anymore. I screamed out, "Lexi, I'm gonna cum!"

"YESSS! CUM IN MEEE!"

As I unloaded a massive amount of hot cum in her tight little pussy, she wrapped her arms around my back and wrapped her legs around my ass, trying to pull me in as deep as I could go. Her whole body tensed, her back arched, and she screamed, "I'M CUMMING AGAIN!"

We both collapsed on the bed, her on her back and me on my stomach with my head against hers. We were both out of breath, but both very satisfied. I had never had my dick in a tight 18-year-old pussy before, but I swore this would not be my last.

When I caught my breath, I whispered, "Are you alright, Lexi?"

She turned her head so she could look in my eyes, got a big smile on her face, and answered, "That was amazing! I have never cum like that before in my life, and I have never been fucked like that before. It's not just the size...I mean, you have the biggest dick I have ever seen...it was the way you fucked me. Most guys stick their dick in, pump a few times, and then cum. I have never had anyone fuck me until I had a climax and then keep fucking me." She lay there for a minute, still trying to let her breathing return to normal, then she really surprised me by saying, "I think I'm through with high school boys. I want a man who can fuck me like you. Do you think we can do this again? You can fuck me whenever you want to, I mean, if you want to."

I thought about it a minute before answering, "Lexi, I would love to fuck you again, as much as you want to, but we have to be careful. If anyone found out I was fucking a student, I would lose my job. I tell you what. I will give you my phone number. Whenever you feel like fucking, just call me or text me, and we will work out a time. Now, speaking of fucking again, are you ready to go again?"

She looked at me with wide eyes and asked in disbelief, "You mean now?"

I told her that's exactly what I meant. I had her give me another wonderful blowjob, then I licked her sweet little pussy again, before fucking her through another couple of orgasms. She was used to my size now, she was wetter and her pussy was better able to handle me, and she knew I wasn't going to hurt her, so she was much more relaxed and able to enjoy the pussy pounding I gave her. She left my apartment a happy young woman and I laid back in my bed about as sated as I had ever been. I realized that in one short afternoon I had become addicted to 18-year-old pussy.

* * * * *

The next day at work, I passed through the office on the way to my office. All the staff members said good morning and I cheerfully answered them with a smile. As I approached my assistant's desk, I noticed she looked different today. Her black-rimmed glasses were gone and for the first time I noticed she had sparkling green eyes. Her brown hair which normally hung to her shoulders had been cut a little shorter and appeared to have been styled. I also noticed she had a pair of nice sized breasts pushing out against her starched white blouse. I stopped at her desk, smiled, and said, "Good morning Ms. Grey."

She smiled back and said, "Good morning sir. But it's Mary."

"Do I have anything pressing this morning, Mary?"

"No sir. Just your usual routine."

I thanked her and started to walk into my office, but I stopped and said, "Mary, when you get a chance, could I see you for a few minutes in my office?"

"If now would be convenient, I'm not busy. Or would you prefer to wait until you get settled in your office?" 

"Give me a couple of minutes and then come in."

When she walked into my office, I asked her to have a seat. She started to pull a chair out and I said, "Those chairs are uncomfortable. Why don't you have a seat on the sofa."

When she sat down I noticed she was wearing a Navy blue skirt and black high heels. Every time I had seen her in the past, she had been sitting behind her desk. I couldn't believe I had been at the school for almost two years and had never noticed what a sexy assistant I had. I started the conversation by saying, "Ms. Grey, Mary, I was recently told by someone who will remain anonymous that I was a hard ass and too strict. Do you agree with that assessment?"

She turned red and looked away. She started to answer, then stopped, then opened her mouth again, before closing it and remaining silent. She couldn't seem to come up with the right words to say.

"That's O.K. Mary. I think you just confirmed it without actually saying it. Let me start by apologizing to you. It was never my intention to be mean to you in any way. If I was, I'm sorry. Second, let me say you look very nice today. I mean, you always look nice, but especially today. May I ask you a personal question?"

She again turned red and started to stutter before answering, "I guess."

"Please don't think you are required to answer my questions. If you are uncomfortable, just tell me it's none of my business, and I will respect that. I won't hold it against you."

Again, she seemed very uncomfortable, but she answered, "O.K."

"Are you married, Mary?"

"No sir. My husband left me about three years ago."

"Mary, again, I'm sorry for my attitude over the past year. I should have told you this a long time ago. You are my assistant, after all. Please call me Bob. You don't have to call me sir. O.K.?"

"O.K."

"So, are you seeing anyone?"

"No, sir...I mean, No."

"I only ask because I would like to take you out to dinner sometime. Do you think we could do that?"

She blushed again and looked at me with wide eyes before asking, "You want ME to go to dinner with YOU?"

"Well, yeah. I mean, would that be a problem? Please don't think you are obligated to go out with me. I just thought it would be nice to get away from this place where we could talk and get to know each other better."

She thought about it for a minute before shyly asking, "When?"
