 Chapter 1: Dream Girl

 I was your ordinary High School student. I had friends, and I believed that I was fairly popular. I didn't know just how popular I was until that fateful night in mid-october. We were all sitting there in the stands at the football game, myself and a few other friends of mine. Our team was on top of our rivals, so we were all in a pleasant mood. 

With the score of the game 21-7, I lost interest and began to focus on something else entirely. There, right in front of me, was the hottest girl in the school. She was sitting a row in front of me. Her name was Erica. Both being in the popular clique in our school, we knew each other, even though she was a year older. She was fairly tall, with long, sandy brown hair and deep brown eyes. She had an unbelievable body, with amazingly perky 36C breasts, and a thin waist which lead down to her very tight ass. She played soccer, and the general concensus around school was that the girls who played soccer had the best asses. I agreed totally.

Well, we were all starting to relax back into our seats on the cold metal benches. I sat down and put my feet down on the bench in front of me and, in a way, spread my legs. When Erica sat down, she sat directly between my legs. She turned and smiled at me and I smiled back. She leaned back between my legs so that her head lay resting against my 6-pack stomach. I played a lot of sports, including golf, hockey, and baseball, so I was pretty well built.

"Cole." Erica said to me.

"Yes?" I replied.

"I'm cold." She inferred. I knew what this meant. I took off my lettermens jacket and put it over her shoulders. I then wrapped my arms around her. I could feel her hard nipples through her white shirt that she had been wearing. This almost drove me wild. But I tried to remain calm so that I wouldn't poke her in the back with my dick. I held her for a good twenty minutes before our team scored for the last time, making the score 63-7. Still leaning back on my, she looked up, with her beautiful brown eyes and said:

"Cole, can you take me home? I don't really want to stay here, it's not that exciting. And Chrissy went to Mike's, so I don't have a ride." I casually glanced around, noticing that much of our group was gone. They had all gone to a party at my friend Mike's house. Since neither myself, nor Erica were really party people, we decided to stay at the game instead of going to the party. Neither of us were big drinkers.

"Sure." I replied. "I'll take you home." We both stood and stretched. I turned to my friend Eric and said, "I'm taking Erica home, I'll see you tomorrow on the golf course."

"Ok." He replied. "See ya Cole." 

Erica and I trudged out to my car in the student parking lot. I had a loaded Chevy Blazer which I had worked very hard for, and it helped me win my popularity because I was one of the first people in my class to drive. I opened the door for Erica, and then got in myself. I started the car and began to drive to her house.

I casually began to start a conversation. "Good game, eh." I said.

"Yeah." she replied. "We finally won one."

We sat in silence for a while, then, to the pinnacle of all the surprises in my life, she turned to me and asked. "Cole, have you ever had sex before?" What a question? I never thought I'd here those words spoken to me by a girl that hot. The only thing was, I didn't know how to respond. I mean, technically I was a virgin, with the exclusion of a blow-job I got from a girl over summer break. I couldn't think of a smooth answer, so I answered as best as I could.

"Not really." All this talking about sex with the hottest girl in school was givving me a massive hard-on.

"Really!" She said in shock. "I didn't know that. I would have thought that a guy like you would have gotten on a ton of girls."

"What do you mean, a guy like me?" I inquired.

"Well, you know you are sexy?" She replied. I almost came in my pants.

"No, actually, I didn't."

"Well, you are." She reassured. "At least I think so." Holy Shit. The things that went through my mind when she said that could not be explained.

I started to get very nervous. "You do?" I swallowed hard as I pulled into her driveway and stopped. 

She leaned over to me. "Yeah, I do." She said as she kissed me passionately. Our tongues were sent probing one another's mouths. As we separated, I clenched her bottom lip with my teeth. This kissing technique had let me gain the title of "Best Kisser" in our grade. She pulled back slightly and looked right into my eyes. "Cole, my parents are gone for the weekend." She said. All I could do was nod in compliance. "And I am a virgin." Another wonderful surprise. "And I want you to be my first. And I want it to be right now." I couldn't take much more of that. I smiled sweetly at her and got out of the car. I ran around to the other side of the car and opened her door. I lifted her out in my arms, and began to carry her toward the door. While she was in my arms, we kissed passionately again. When we got to her door, she unlocked it, still in my arms, and we entered. I set her down and she turned to look into my eyes. "There is a bottle of champagne in the refrigerator. Strip down to your boxers, and bring up the champagne and two glasses. I'll get ready for you upstairs in my room." She ordered.

I watched her as she walked enticingly up the stairway. Her walk accented her beautifully tight ass, and her gorgeous long, sexy legs. Once she was out of sight, I walked to her kitchen, undressing as I went. I removed my shirt, and kicked off my shoes. I then unbuttoned my pants and they dropped to the floor, leaving me standing in Erica's kitchen in my Bugs Bunny boxer shorts. I went to the refrigerator and grabbed the bottle of champagne. I retrieved to glasses from her cupboard and made my way up the stairs toward my ultimate fantasy. 

When I arrived at the door of her bedroom, I couldn't believe my eyes. The lights were off, and there were candles all around supplying ample light. I searched the room quickly and then, I found her. There she was, laying on her satin sheets, in nothing but her white, cotton panties and her black lace bra. I almost popped. For a moment, I just stood there while my cock grew to its full 11 inches. My boxers were now like a tent, and it was very obvious that I was turned on. But, I didn't care if Erica saw my erect cock. Very soon, my cock would be popping her cherry.

"Come over here." She said in the sexiest voice I've ever heard." I set the champagne and the glasses down on a table and moved over to her. Our lips locked as I slid myself onto the bed and leaned over her. I started by probing her mouth with my tongue, then I began to move down her neck to her shoulders. I moved down her chest to her voluptuous tits. I kissed her stiff nipples through the silk of her bra. I reached around her and unsnapped her bra, removing it, and dropping it on the floor next to the bed. There in front of me were the most beautiful tits in the universe. The were very firm and perky, and her nipples were large and rock hard. They stood straight out at me. I dove right in, taking her right nipple into my mouth and sucking gently.

"Mmmm..." She moaned softly. "Harder."

Her wish was my command. I began to suck harder on her right nipple as I reached up and twisted her left nipple. She let out an erotic yelp. I began to massage her right breast with my hand as I moved my lips to her left nipple. I gave it a good lick, then I began to suck on it like a baby being breast-fed. Her breathing increased and she began to moan consistently.

She pushed my head down her body with her hands. I kissed my way down her firm stomach to her belly button. I inserted my tongue and moved it around a little. This drove her wild. I then began to continue down to her panties. I inhaled a big whif of her sweet scent. She smelled so good. It took hold of the elastic band of her panties with my teeth and pulled them off. She giggled a little, then she reached down and placed her hand on her recently shaved pussy. She began to rub it, but she found that it was already wet. I started to kiss her right leg, starting on the bottom of her foot, and working my way up her calf to her thigh. I gently massaged her thigh as I planted my lips on her inner thigh. As I got closer to her cunt, I could smell that sweet aroma again. I looked up at her twat. I could see that she had shaved it in the last few days, because some of the hair was beginning to grow back. I planted my lips directly on her pussy and spread her hot lips with my tongue. She gasped and drew herself back a little.

"Ohhhh god that feels good." she moaned.

She began to thrust her hips as I worked my tongue deeper into her cunt. I began to work her clit a little. I started to gently nibble on it. This drove her wild. She put her hands on the back of my head and pushed my face down deeper into her pussy. I worked my tongue deeper into her and she began to violently thrust her hips. She was almost to the point of no return, so I lifted one of my fingers up and pressed hard on her clit. 

"Ohhh goddd. Cole, I'mmm gonna cummmm....." Her body erupted. She arched her back and slammed her pussy into her face. Her cunt erupted with her sweet tasting juices. I lapped up all of her juices as if I were an alcoholic and it was vodka. It tasted sweeter than anything I had ever tasted before. 

When her orgasm had subsided, I moved back up to her face and we locked lips in a very passionate kiss. She looked at me as we pulled apart.

"Mmmm..." She said sensually. "I taste good." Her face then turned very serious as her eyes roamed to my enormous erection. "It's time." She instructed. "I want to be on top for my first time."

I had no objections. I laid down on my back as she got on her hands and knees. My erection had now grown to a good 12 inches. She hooked her fingers around the waistband of my boxers and slid them down. My cock sprang out, pointing straight up in the air. She looked at it greedily. She took my manhood in her hand and scooted herself on top of me. I put my hands on her tight ass as the tip of my cock began to part her cunt lips. This was it, every high school guys dream. She began to sink down on my cock. After only a little bit, by cock came to rest on her cherry. She looked at me intently.

"Are you ready?" I asked.

"Yeah." She said, breathing hard. "Let's do it." 

She slammed down hard on me and my cock popped right though her cherry. 

"Ohhhhhhhh..." She let out a loud scream. Blood ran dow my cock and down the crack of my ass. My cock slid in the rest of the way into her tight cunt. She began to move up and down on my cock. She leaned her head back and began to moan heavily. 

"Ohhh, Cole, I love you. Fuck my cunttt......." She moaned out. This pushed me over the edge.

"Ohhh..." I moaned. "I'm gonna cummmmm......." I said as I shot my wad deep into her hot, tight cunt. She screamed out in ecstacy. I kept pumping more and more into her hot cunt. 

As my orgasm subsided, she feel forward and laid on my chest, still breathing heavily. She then released my semi-limp cock from the confines of her hot pussy.

"That was amazing." I said between heavy breaths. I could feel her heart beating against my chest as we lay there. I soon found that she had fallen asleep on top of me, and I too, soon fell victim to the world of dreams. It had finally happened, my all-time fantasy had occurred, I wondered what was next...

To Be Continued...