 "Sorry I made you wait."

I shrugged, looking up at Seth, who was looming over me in a thick, warm-looking black coat. It had gotten fairly dark by now, and I hadn't seen him approach. 

"I suppose it's fair. I've done it to you."

"But you weren't trying to make up for your fuck-ups at the time." He smiled a little ruefully and offered me his hand. I took it, pulling myself into a standing position. Seth looked at me for a few seconds with regret on his face.

"Your voice sounds awful," he told me, biting his lip. "That's my fault, too. I'm so sorry Jenna." He took out his keys and proceeded to unlock the back door by which I had sat waiting. It was dry under the overhang, but even so I was freezing and even a little stiff after fourty minutes of waiting. It helped when Seth put an arm around me to warm me.

It was warmer inside the school building, but I still couldn't keep from shivering. Seth grabbed my hand and pulled me along the dark, deserted hallway, past the locker rooms and deeper into the building. Where the hell was he taking me?

"I figured something nostalgic might work in my favor," he explained over his shoulder as we crossed the commons and entered yet another hallway that was only illuminated by the emergency lighting. I almost laughed out loud when he stopped in front of the artroom and took out his keys again. 

"Nice."

"Isn't it?" He smiled, inviting me to enter the room ahead of him, which I did. I groped for the light switch, but he caught my wrists and shook his head. 

"The windows," he explained as he crossed the room and started to pull down the blinds. "If someone sees light in here, they're going to assume a break-in." 

"Which this technically is," I pointed out.

"Nah, we're just making use of their facilities." Seth had closed the last of the blinds, leaving us in pitch-black darkness. A second later, I heard the clicking sound of a lighter, and then could see him light something with the flame. 

"Damn. You brought candles?" 

He looked up at me. "I thought we had agreed that I fucked up."

"I'm still impressed." I walked over to the table by which he was now standing, placing candles on the chairs. When I came close to him, he slipped one arm around my waist before carefully setting down the last candle. 

"So do you forgive me then?" Seth wanted to know. I sighed and looked up at him. 

"Yes, I forgive you," I said simply, and he bent to kiss me. His lips landed on mine, soft and demanding at once, and before I knew it he was pressing me against the table, both arms around me. When I suddenly felt something hard, edgy and cold press against me, I yelped and broke the kiss.

"Holy crap, what the hell is that?"

He stepped back, startled, but then grinned and reached into one of the front pockets of his coat.

"I almost forgot about this. Here."

He pressed something cold into my hands, and I couldn't help staring at it for a number of seconds. 

"Chocolate Chip Mint ice cream. You were actually serious?"

"Isn't this how girls handle all of their problems?" He shrugged and gave me a half-smile. "I figured it couldn't hurt." He was finally getting around to taking off his coat, throwing it carelessly onto the next table. 

"It's fine," I assured him. "Did you want to talk about your feelings next thing?"

I could hear his laugh as he pulled his sweater over his head. "Not really," he told me, approaching again and reaching for the zipper of my raincoat. "At least not while you're still dressed."

This was the first time I'd been with him that I would have preferred not to take my clothes off. There were still issues between us that I wanted to address, and I wasn't going to be able to do it while we were making out. I raised my hands and stopped his by grasping them, but not before my coat had come off. 

He looked at me, with dawning realization. 

"You're still mad." It was a statement, not a question. 

"Not mad," I corrected him. "Maybe a little annoyed with you."

He let his hands sink to his sides and leaned back against the table. "Oh."

"I really am impressed with what you did," I said, gesturing towards the candles and the ice cream. "But I honestly wanted some time just to talk to you."

"I'm sorry," he said, sounding sincere. He leaned forward again and softly stroked my hair with one hand. "You're making it kind of hard is all, Jenna."

I opened my mouth to protest, but he raised his hands, indicating he hadn't meant offense. 

"I'm not saying it's your fault, it's just, when I see you... ." He touched my hair again, gently twirling it with his fingers, and suddenly I wanted to be closer to him. "Your hair is so silky, and you look at me with that sweet, soft look in your eyes, and all I want to do is to kiss you. And I -" He stopped himself, looking towards the floor. 

"And you what?" I asked, closing the distance between our bodies. He immediately slipped one hand around my waist, grasping a fistful of my hair with the other and directing my mouth towards his for a kiss. His lips were soft, yet demanding, and I moaned softly into his mouth when his hold on my hair tightened. 

"God, Jenna," he whispered into my ear after breaking the kiss, "you make me so hard."

I was sold. Screw talking, we could do that later. I pressed myself against him, feeling for myself what he had just announced. His hands were wandering, from my hair down my back, cupping my ass and then burying themselves in my hair again. His mouth found mine once more and he kissed me intensely, his tongue teasing mine. His body was warm and solid against me. 

"I'm going to get you sick," I whispered in between kisses, but he ignored the warning. 

"So I'll get sick," he whispered back. "I can play ball with a cold."

I laughed at that and ran my hands through his hair, teasing. "You're not going to brush this off as easily if it actually happens."

"Maybe not," he said in between small kisses on my throat that made me squirm for more, "but it's worth it."

"You're too good at sweet-talking," I sighed, letting his hands undress me. He actually took his time about it, running his fingers over the skin of my back as he lifted my sweater. His lips placed small kisses on my jawline and then stopped as he pulled the sweater over my head. It landed somewhere in the vicinity of the next table; apparently Seth wasn't worried about accuracy, only about avoiding the candles when flinging my clothes away. When he turned, I could see a large, dark bruise on his shoulder blade. 

"Damn, how did that happen? Get in a fight?" I stretched out my hand to touch the bruise, tracing its outline. Seth sighed and turned back, grinning wryly. 

"Just a hard practice. Coach wants us to be tough."

"So he beats you up?" 

"No," he laughed. "But we do a gazillion tackling drills. Shit happens."

"That's what they say," I shrugged. I did realize that football wasn't the world's tamest sport, but I still didn't like the thought of him getting hurt.

"Cold?" he asked when he noticed me shivering. When I nodded, he hugged me protectively. His skin was amazingly warm and smooth, and I snuggled against him. 

"Hmmm," I said. He laughed and rubbed my back with his hands. 

"I can feel your nipples," he told me, wedging one hand in between us and pinching my breast through my bra. "I think I like it when you're cold."

"Yes, well, I don't," I informed him and squirmed when he pinched me again. His smile grew bigger and he kissed me.

"I'll warm you up in a second," he promised, and unclasped my bra with one hand at the same time that his other reached for my pants. I squeaked in slight surprise, but let him proceed, only shivering some more when he made me step out of my pants and underwear. 

"You want to try something different this time?" Seth asked. I couldn't help but look at him suspiciously. 

"What exactly do you have in mind?" I wanted to know, while he slightly parted my thighs with his. The grin on his face did not seem to bode well, and I sucked in a sharp breath when his hands reached around me and parted the globes of my ass. 

"No," I told him, backing off. "No way in hell."

"Damn," he said, not looking too terribly disappointed. "Are you sure?"

"Yes," I said sharply. "I thought you wanted make-up sex."

"Yeah, well," he said and closed the distance between us again. "I figured I'd ask."

"Someone should have told you that you have horrible timing," I told him, but let him take me in his arms once more. He gave a slight laugh and started to kiss me again. 

"I'm sorry Jenna," he mumbled, lips against my cheek. "The thought is just so damn tempting, you know. But it's fine. There are quite a few other things I want to do to you."

"Like what?" 

"Lay back." He coaxed me in the direction of the table, laying his coat out for me. It was thick and comfortable, and as he eased me down onto it, I actually felt myself relax somewhat. My legs dangled freely over the edge of the table. 

"What are you doing?" I asked, but a second later I saw in his hands the shirt he had just discarded. 

"Relax," he said, laying it over my eyes and tying it at the sleeves. I shifted, a bit uncomfortable, while he started to rub my shoulders. 

"Seth, I'm not sure this is a good idea."

He kissed me softly. "Do you trust me?"

"I'm not sure," I answered honestly, giving him pause. I felt his hands freeze atop my shoulders, then he removed them.

"Look, Jenna," he said after a moment. "I know... I realize I haven't really done anything to earn your trust. I wish things could be different. But they're not, and I'm sorry if the way I've acted has hurt you. I really am. You deserve a lot better than me, really."

I opened my mouth to reply, but he lay one finger across it. 

"Just let me get this out, please. I've screwed up quite a lot lately, and I feel pretty damn horrible about it. I don't want to lose you, Jenna, because I..."

I could feel his hands touch my shoulders again, tightening on them. Because you what? I thought, but he didn't finish the sentence. Instead, he sighed and started to rub my shoulders again. 

"I don't want things to be this way between us," he said more softly. "But I don't have a choice."

"Why not?" I whispered. He sighed once more, his lips finding mine, then he removed the makeshift blindfold and lifted me up until I was sitting on the table. He wrapped his arms around me from behind, holding me close.

"Damn it, Jenna," was all he said. 

We sat in silence for a few minutes. I just stared at one of the flickering candles, lost in confusing thoughts. I didn't understand Seth, his actions, or his motivations. But still, he was asking for another chance, and while he had hurt me, I wondered if I would ever be able to refuse him. I had grown closer to him in the past month, not just seeing the God of Glenn Valley football anymore, but a little more of the real him. Or what he had me believe was the real him. 

I had strong feelings for him, I didn't have a problem admitting that to myself. At the same time, I didn't think it was possible to talk about love when I couldn't even be sure that I really knew the person I might love. But then again, how would I ever be able to find out if I pushed him away?

"Alright," I said, leaning back against him. "Go ahead."

He kissed me again, carefully easing me down onto the table. 

"Thank you," he said, kissing me and replacing the shirt over my eyes once more. "Just relax."

I tried, concentrating on my breathing. I could hear him get up and do something, although I couldn't fully identify the noises. Then, he was back. I shivered when I suddenly felt his tongue circle my nipples, leaving wet trails on my skin. His teeth closed around one nipple and tugged, not hard enough to hurt, but enough to make me arch my back for more. His hands glid lower, leisurely following the curves of my body. Then he moved upwards, and his lips found my throat. I sighed in appreciation when he covered every inch of skin there with tiny kisses and licks of his tongue. Then he pulled away, leaving me there wishing for more.

I gasped when something icy cold toughed my nipple, and then moved lower, down the curve of my breast and across my stomach. My body was suddenly tense. A second later, Seth's tongue was there, warming the skin again and licking up the cold liquid. He moved up to kiss my lips, and I could taste mint on his tongue as he did. I had completely forgotten about the damn ice cream. 

I squeaked when his hand started to rub my clit, then moved my legs apart when I realized that ice cream was not involved in this part of his little game. 

"Good girl," he whispered, kissing my jaw and throat some more and making me moan. He let go of me for several seconds. His hands were on my thighs again after that, gently pushing them even further apart, and suddenly he licked my pussy in one broad stroke, his tongue freezing cold. 

I let out a scream and reflexively tightened my stomach muscles, sitting up in the process. My hands grasped bushels of his short hair and I attempted to drag him away from his position, half protesting, half giggling, but he wouldn't budge. When I tried to push myself away from him, he simply took a firm grasp on my ass and held me closer to his mouth. I could feel him laugh quietly as his tongue explored me further, warming up rapidly as it circled my clit.

"Oh damn that feels good," I muttered and let myself sink down to the table again. Seth muttered something along the lines of "Told you", but his voice was muffled by his activity quite effectively, and so all I cared about were the enjoyable vibrations that his voice produced. I moaned once more when he finally used his fingers as well and pushed three of them inside me at once. I was wet enough for them, and I raised my hips in pleasure when he started to finger-fuck me, still licking and sucking my clit. I felt heat radiate out from my entire body, my breathing quick and uneven and my pussy aching for his cock. 

He finally moved back up, kissing me. I could taste mint and pussy in his mouth, and I wrapped my legs around him in an effort to pull him closer. He kissed a trail to my ear, tugging at the lobe with his teeth. 

"You want this, don't you?" he whispered, and I could only nod, straining against him. 

A sound escaped my mouth when I could feel his cock sliding in between my legs, parting my wet folds and rubbing against my clit. I was so slick that there was barely any friction, but I still whimpered whenever the head of his cock passed through my slit. 

He pulled back then, breaking the hold of my legs around his waist. I felt him shift, and then I could feel the stream of air as he softly blew his breath on my clit. I whimpered some more, my hips pushing upwards without my consent as my clit pulsed in pleasure. 

"You like that?" he asked, and I groaned in answer.

He blew on my clit some more, teasing me mercilessly. I gasped for breath, and finally managed to articulate my desire through trembling lips.

"Fuck me! Now!"

I heard him chuckle again, but he obligingly moved back up, covering my body with his. I groaned as the head of his cock speared my pussy, as always widening me deliciously. I clung to him as he started to fuck me. He thrust into me deliberately slowly at first, but quickened his pace as both of us got caught up in the act, moaning and panting. I had a tight hold on his shoulders, squeezing my eyes shut behind the blindfold. My pussy twitched and tightened around him. 

"Jenna," he finally groaned. "I'm gonna.. I just can't hold back, I... ."

His words had an immediate effect on me, and I felt the warmth of my upcoming orgasm spread through my lower belly. At the same time, I could feel him erupt inside me, groaning as he did. On his last thrust, I started to come, whimpering and writhing beneath him. It felt wonderful. My body was on fire for what was probably only seconds, but felt like several minutes. 

Seth held me in a close hug and stroked my hair until I had cooled down a little. He tugged on the shirt until it came away from my eyes, then kissed me, smiling. 

"You okay?" he asked, and I nodded weakly. 

"That was nice," I whispered. 

He grinned even broader as he helped me sit up. For several minutes, we sat there and cooled down, not talking at all. I looked up when Seth finally broke the silence. 

"I'm sorry about that ice cream thing, if you didn't like it. I know that probably didn't help with all those trust issues, so..."

"No," I interrupted him. "The ice cream was fine. It was fun." I smiled at him and leaned against him. "And I do trust you."

"Good." He relaxed visibly. "I really have no desire to fuck up even more with you."

"Just be honest," I told him. "About whatever you can be, at least."

He kissed my temple and slid off the table, collecting his clothes and handing me mine. 

"I promise I will be." 

***

I didn't talk to Marisol until the next night, when we were over at her house, laying on her bed in our pyjamas. Saturday had been spent watching movies together and discussing topics such as what the next year would hold. I still hadn't settled on which college I wanted to attend, and I wasn't enthusiastic about any of the places Mrs Jameson, the guidance counsellor, had forced me to apply to. But once we had both brushed our teeth and changed, Marisol had demanded a play-by play recollection of my Friday evening, and I had given it to her. Now she was sighing, and leaning back against the pillow. 

"So?" I asked. "What's the verdict?"

"It sounds, it sounds..." She sighed once more. "It sounds hot as hell, Jenna. I'm jealous here."

"Sorry," I said, feeling slightly guilty about not having asked her about her new project, Jason Henderfort, recently. I knew that when Marisol had a crush, she just had to talk about it. 

"No, that's okay. I'll just live through you," Marisol said, shrugging. "I'm still not completely warmed up to your mystery guy, but he sounds like he's amazing in bed. Or... on the art room table."

"Yup," I agreed. 

"And he really promised you honesty? That's a step forward, at least."

I nodded in agreement. I was still torn between my feelings for Seth and my natural scepticism, and I really hoped that his actions in the future would put an end to my doubt. I didn't think I could take much more of his evasiveness. 

"Homecoming's next week," Marisol mentioned casually. I raised one eyebrow at her, and she held up her hands defensively. 

"Hey, I'm just saying. If he's ready for honesty, he should be ready to be seen with you in public." 

I chewed my lip in thought, considering her statement. 

"So you think I should ask him, then."

She nodded emphatically. 

"Yes, damn it. At least one of us needs to have a date!"

The mere thought of Seth leading me out onto some dancefloor was terribly cliched, but at the same time, it gave my stomach butterflies. I knew he probably wouldn't be happy about the idea of us going to the dance together, but at the same time, this was a making or breaking point for me. If he didn't have a very good reason to refuse me, I'd probably never understand what made him tick. 

"I'll consider it," I told her and snuggled deeper into the pillow.