 Well, where do I start?

My name is Peter and I'm now 25 years old. I'm quite wealthy, have a wonderful life and am hung. What's to complain about, right?

It wasn't always like this, though.

Back in my final years of high school, I was a complete normal. If you're not familiar with the term, I wasn't geeky enough to be a nerd, but not cool enough to be popular. The middle ground. No-mans land. Whatever you want to call it, I was there. But I had one strong asset on my side.

Remember what I said about being hung? Well, I wasn't hung. I was huge. If I was especially turned on, I hit nearly 12 inches erect. And at this age, still being a virgin, I was always especially turned on.

Our story begins in the middle of my final year of high school. My parents were divorced and usually always away on business trips, so at this point in my life, I spent every single night at home in my room, jerking off my huge dick while imagining the hottest girls in my high school.

I know, what a cliché, right? I wanted to fuck every one of them, but none of them knew I existed. This was the night everything changed for the better though. 

I was about to cum, imagining a specific girls pair of huge tits, when she walked in. Of my few female friends, Marie happened to be at the wrong place at the wrong time, a term I would later reverse the meaning of completely. 

The door to my room opened, and I came everywhere. I didn't know what to say. Or do. She just looked at me with those brown eyes, in deep shock at the scene in front of her, before saying, 'Oh My God! I can't believe you!' And slamming the door shut. I heard her footsteps fast down the stairs, the front door slamming and her car eventually speeding away.

Fuck! Could this situation get any worse? I spent the next 10 minutes pacing up and down my bedroom floor, before I decided to do the unthinkable.

I called her.

She obviously had caller ID, because as soon as she picked it up she said, 'What do you want?'

'Listen, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to-'

'Didn't mean to what?

'...Listen, just let me come over, let me apologise...' A pause.

Marie sighed. 'Fine. You have exactly 3 minutes to get your ass over here or I'm locking the front door.' She put the phone down.

3 minutes? It was a 10 minute drive to her house on a quiet day. What the hell was I doing thinking about this now, anyway?

I grabbed my keys and tore out of the driveway in an old SUV my Dad kept for emergencies only. Through my eyes, this was an emergency. To this day I don't know how I survived that death ride. In later weeks I would discover that I ran two stop signs and a red light before pulling up on Marie's driveway with 8 seconds to spare. 

I didn't lock the car, I didn't even take the keys out of the ignition, I just threw down the handbrake and stormed up the path to her front door, and was about to knock on it when I thought back.

I'll be locking the door in 3 minutes.

I opened the door without another seconds hesitation, and closed it behind me. 

The large suburban house she lived in was dead silent. I glanced around for any sign of Marie or her parents. 

'Hello...?' Nothing. I heard the faintest creak upstairs. Hm. Front door unlocked. Empty downstairs. She must've been on the second floor. I traipsed upstairs, suddenly realising I had no excuse, and had no idea what I was going to say. In the meantime, let me tell you a little bit about Marie.

Marie had been one of my best friends since I started high school. She had blossomed since then, had become quite gorgeous, was now delectably curvy, with deep black hair and a ridiculous pair of 34DD tits. It was starting to get difficult to have a normal conversation with her.

Now I bet you're wondering, 'Why is a girl like this hanging around with people like me?' Well I'll tell you why.

Marie had been a bit of a goth when I knew her. I didn't have a problem with it, but the popular girls did. She had swayed from it mostly since she turned 16 and now, being 18, the only sign of it was the black hair and her naturally pale skin, which went together immaculately. 

I arrived at the top of the stairs, my heart beating considerably faster. It was dark outside now, and the only light was coming from a gap in the door of Marie's room. I walked up to it, knocked twice and went in.

She was sat on her bed, legs crossed with a cushion on her lap, and just an oversized blue T-shirt on. Something was on the TV, but I never checked. I closed the door behind me.

'I thought you said you were gonna lock the door.' I leaned against the door, deciding to stay where I was.

'Yeah, well...' She smiled that mischievous smile at me and jumped up. 'I didn't mean to catch you like that. What the hell were you doing leaving the door unlocked anyway?'

'Err... I just didn't think to do so.'

'Right.' She laughed. 'I'm not gonna lie to you and keep the obvious out of the way. You do know you're huge, right? Like, bigger than any I've ever seen'

I couldn't believe these words were coming out of her mouth. 

'That's funny,' I said.

'What is?' 

'The way you bring up my dick straight away, and I never bring up those.' I nodded at her chest, and she glanced down, almost as if noticing them for the first time. 

'Its not my fault, who said you could never bring them up?' 

We stared at each other, smirking, before she said, 'Are you thinking what I'm thinking?'

I looked back at her. 'I really hope so, because right now I'm telling you that I'm rock hard.'

'I was right, then.'

This time, Marie made sure to lock the door to her room, and left only a dim light on in the corner of her room.

I sat down on the bed, unzipped my jeans and pulled out my throbbing dick, and she dropped onto her knees in front of me, nestling them on the cushion she had been holding. 

She took me into her hands and rubbed up and down a little. 'Holy shit, its even bigger up close... I can't believe you never told me!'

'You never asked,' I replied, quoting her from earlier on. I couldn't believe we were doing this. After drooling over those huge tits of hers for the past 2 years, I was finally going to get with her. But wait...

She was about to suck me off, I could tell from the look in her face. I stopped her just before she took her first lick. 'Hang on.' This was risky. 'You've seen my cock, now show me those tits of yours.'

She gave me a questioning look, but then realised how much she wanted it. There was no second notice. She slipped off her T-shirt in a second and began unlcipping her bra. It fell from her chest and she slipped it off, exposing those huge tits. They were perfectly shaped and symmetrical, with two perky nipples that she began playing with while smiling at me. 

'I need that dick in between my tits.' She engulfed my dick with those huge tits, wrapping them around me and shaking up and down slowly. Marie was a much different person in the bedroom, I could tell that in an instant.

The more she pushed those melons against my cock, the tighter and more incredible it got. If she was a different person, I could talk to her differently.

'I don't think we'll do this again...'

'What, no! I fucking love your big dick!' She shook her tits faster, and my cock disappeared in their warm softness.

'What's in it for me?'

'Anything, anything at all, I just need you inside me!' Fuck, I could- Oh shit.

Being turned on for so long tonight meant I had lasted about a minute.

'Marie, honey, I'm gonna cum-'

'On my tits, do it on my tits!' She pulled back holding her globes up with her hands. I stood up and began jerking off my dick.

'Fucking beg me.'

'Please shoot your load on my tits, I'm fucking beg you, cum on me!'

That was all I needed. I exploded all over those massive tits of hers, drenching them in my hot cum. It felt like it lasted about an hour, but in reality it must've been about half a minute before my balls were empty. 

We both breathed deeply, and a few minutes later we were lying on her bed, talking.

'We have to do that again some time,' Marie said, still only wearing her lacy black thong, and licking up the last of my cum from her bare tits. 'I really want to feel you in me.' 

I put my hands behind my head. 'Not yet.'

'What do you mean by that?'

'There are so many girls I want to fuck in our high school first.'

'If you said that to any other girl after you'd done what we just did, they'd kick you out. Fortunately for you, my need for that cock of yours outweighs my sense of respect.'

'I tell you what, I'll fuck you as much as you want, but I need some help. There are 10 girls at our college that I want to have sex with. If you can help me out with a few, we can fuck however you want, whenever you want.'

'Fine, but you better hurry up, I can only last so long...'

'We're already through one, so that just leaves the other nine.' She looked over at me with a curious look on her face.

'Who was the first?'

'That would be you.'