 Thank you to BradBigBrain for editing this story.



I watched him get out of his car as I unloaded the last of my gear. He was not bad looking; fit body, tall, dark hair, smiling eyes, salt and pepper goatee, a bit older than me. His dog bounded out of the car and came right up to me. I bent over to pet her and got a wet kiss on the hand. He walked over, leash in hand to retrieve her. We talked for a few minutes about the campsite, the weather, his drive and the book he was reading. 

I headed over to my campsite and started to set up my tent. I could feel his stare. I turned to look and could tell he was undressing me with his eyes, I felt a pleasant tingle start to spread through me. He smiled at me with admiration, after all, how many women tent camp in the Sierras alone anymore? He wandered over to my campsite and we chatted a bit more as he laced up his hiking boots. He filled his water bottle at the spigot next to my camp and then he and the dog left for a hike. 

I finished setting up my tent and the rest of my camp site. I was hungry so I sat down to have lunch. I watched the birds and the squirrels play. I listened to the wind in the trees. I felt completely at ease even though I was all alone. After I stowed my food in the bear box, filled my camelback and grabbed my survival knife, I set out on a hike of my own.

The plan to spend the weekend in the Sierras, camping above 8000 feet, was a last minute one. Several friends had begged me to drive them up to the trail head they liked to back pack from for one last trip of the summer. They invited me to go with them, but I was not quite up to that challenge. Rather than go home and pick them up the next day, I decided to grab my gear and tent camp for the night. Some fresh air, peace and quiet and a few small hikes sounded perfect!

My hike took me down a trail that lead to a large meadow. A small seasonal creek lazily meandered through the meadow before heading back into the trees. I wandered along the creek a ways, watching the water bugs skate over the top. I went back to the path and followed it along a hill until it reached the trees. Being alone, I decided against heading up into the trees, I wasn't interested in seeing a mountain lion up close. I hiked back to the creek and found a large rock to stretch out on. The rock was taller than me and slanted at just the right angle to lie back on. I took off my camelback and knife and stretched out, hands laced behind my head to watch the clouds come in. The breeze blew my hair as the sun warmed my skin. 

Laying there, thinking about the male hiker, I began to rub my breasts through my shirt. My nipples were rather perky. I looked around and seeing no one, I lifted my shirt and pulled my ample breasts out, caressing them. I took several pictures as my hands continued to massage my breasts. I pulled on my hardened nipples. I felt my clit begin to throb and I pulled harder. An involuntary moan escaped my lips. I lifted a breast to my mouth and sucked and bit on my sensitive nipple. My right hand slid down to rub my mound through my loose fitting pants. I pulled my lacy panties up so that they were tight against my now throbbing clit, making it ache. The roughness of the lace felt amazing. I couldn't stand it. Right there, on the rock in the middle of the meadow, I slid my fingers inside my pants, under my panties and plunged them deep into my soaked pussy. My fingers deep, my palm rubbing my clit, my head thrown back, hair trailing, I fucked myself hard. It took only minutes before I was shaking and moaning in an intense orgasm. My pussy quivered against my fingers as I drove them in me over and over.

Shockwaves subsiding, I opened my eyes to see him, and his dog, standing there. He was watching me while his hand slowly rubbed the obvious bulge in his pants. I licked my lips and beckoned him to come join me. Telling the dog to stay, he slowly walked towards the rock, still rubbing himself. I could see a small, damp spot forming at the top of the outline of his manhood and wondered just how long he had been watching. His dog sat down on the grass at the foot of the rock. He climbed up the rock and kneeled in front of me. He parted my legs so that he could ease his body on top of mine. My heart was pounding. His lips took mine roughly and my whole body responded.

I arched into him and my already sensitive clit rubbed against the hardness in his jeans. He ground his cock against me, kissed me hard, and sucked my tongue into his mouth. His lips were firm and hungry. His tongue was forceful and tasted lightly of chocolate. He plunged his hands in my hair, holding my head to him. I sighed into our kiss. His hands found my breasts, loose under my shirt and he groaned as he began to pull on my nipples. I pushed up against him, grinding, feeling my clit throb, feeling a growing desire for this man I did not know. He rolled sideways, the rock rough on his knees and while lying on his side, slid his hand down the front of my pants, under my panties. He began to pinch and rub my hard clit. I reached over and stroked his cock through his jeans. His fingers slid in between my dripping lips. I moaned. He fingered my slit without mercy. I pushed my body up off the rock and immediately came on his well trained fingers, shaking and gasping. My grip tightened on his cock and he groaned in pleasure. 

He stood and pulled me up with him. He took my hand and led me off the rock to a semi-sheltered spot just behind it. You could just barely see the trail over the top of the rock. The ground was covered with soft grasses and weeds. He turned me around and forcefully pressed me against the rock. His hands were now rough on my breasts. His breath was hot on my neck as he leaned down and nibbled my earlobe. I moaned and pushed my ass firmly against his hardness. I could feel him throbbing through his pants. My hands slid back along his ass, holding him to me. I felt his hand entwined in my hair and he yanked me back, barring my neck, his mouth clamping, sucking. I cried out.

He growled in my ear, "Are you ready for me, slut? That's what you are, isn't it? A brazen little fuckslut."

"Yes!!" I moaned as his lips took mine again. 

Still standing behind me, he yanked down my pants and panties. He slammed his fingers in me, hard. I could hear how wet I was as his fingers assaulted my drenched pussy. His fingers moved in me hard and fast, bringing me ever closer to another orgasm. Just as I was about to cum he stopped. I heard his zipper come down. I turned to face him. His cock was standing at full attention, his pants now around his ankles. He pushed me down to my knees, his throbbing member in my face. 

"Swallow it, slut," he ordered.

He grabbed me by the back of the head and pushed his cock all the way into my willing throat, causing me to gag. I moaned as he fucked my face. He was so hard. I swallowed the pre-cum that was dripping down my throat. As my muscles contracted around him, he gasped. I began sucking long strokes from base to tip, swirling my tongue around his head before swallowing him again. My fist enveloped his shaft and I sucked and stroked in rhythm, my hand tight around his shaft, my tongue working his head. He called me his cocksucker, his cumslut, his toy. I moaned and sucked harder, so turned on it hurt. With his hand on the back of my head, he pulled my mouth hard onto his shaft. I felt him grow and knew he was about to cum. I took him all the way into my throat as he grunted and began shooting streams of thick cum down my gullet. I swallowed every drop, sucking it out of him like a straw. He did not soften so I continued to suck his still spasming cock.

He pulled me to my feet, plunging his fingers deep into my cunt. "Cum my little toy," he growled. "Let me have your orgasm".

As he slid two and then three fingers in me hard, I felt myself right on the edge. He stopped. "More please, so close," I whimpered. "Please."

He put his lips to my ear and whispered, "Shut your mouth, slut. There is someone coming. You don't want to get caught again do you?" His eyes gleamed evilly. "Maybe you do. Maybe you want to be fucked by multiple men at this rock."

His words made me cum, HARD. His fingers, still buried in me, pushed against my g-spot causing me to squirt. My juices gushed into his hand. He clamped his free hand over my mouth to muffle my cries. My muscles contracted on his fingers over and over again. He slid his fingers out of me and pinched my clit. I groaned. I saw the hikers pause, look around and seeing nothing, continue along the trail.

As the hikers moved on, oblivious to our presence, I felt his cock against my pussy. "F-u-c-k-m-e," I pleaded. "Fuck me, make me your slut. I want you to use me."

He pulled my leg up almost to his shoulder and slammed in me, hard. I cried out against shoulder, biting it. His cock filled me so well. I could feel each vein, each ridge as he slid in and out of me faster and faster. I hiked my leg up over his arm higher as he slammed into me. "Take it bitch," he growled. "Take it all."

My pussy tightened as I pulled him in deeper. My nails dug into his shoulders and back as he fucked me. His hands reached around and grabbed my ass, lifting me onto his cock. My back was pressed against the rock as he fucked me harder and harder, using me for his pleasure. He grunted with each slam of his cock, assaulting my receptive pussy. I felt him grow larger still inside me. I knew he was about to let go. I used my experienced muscles to push against him, tightening to the point of extreme pleasure. The sensation caused me to explode, yet again, this time on his cock, squirting my juices over his shaft and onto his thighs. One final thrust and I felt him spasm and unload deep in me. His body pressed me into the rock. His cock shuddered inside me. Tightening and releasing, I milked every drop of cum out of his balls. We dropped to the ground, spent. He pulled my face to his and kissed me a final time, softer. His lips lingered on mine. We both leaned back against the rock to catch our breath.

He stood, pulled up his pants, grabbed his water bottle and looked down at me with a devilish grin. "What a good little slut you are," he teased. He called his dog, turned and headed back up the path towards the parking lot. I sat there for a few more minutes and reviewed our carnal sex like a movie reel running through my head. I stood, shakily, pulled on my panties and pants, and started back towards camp. 

As I reached the trail head, I saw him back up and drive out of the parking lot. I realized then that I never had gotten his name...