  All persons are over eighteen years of age. This is a work of fiction.

*****

As I approached my office, I stopped by my assistant's desk and asked, "Mary, would you be able to free up about an hour this morning? I need some help with some reports."

"Yes, sir. Would 10:00 be O.K.? I should be finished by then."

"10:00 would be fine. Thank you."

Mary entered my office at 10:00 am sharp. In case you haven't read the previous chapters, I had asked Mary out to dinner and had discovered that she was sexually frustrated with a submissive side. Although I'm not normally into domination, I role-played with her that night, and, instead of asking her to suck my cock, I ordered her to suck it. It was harmless, but she really enjoyed it, and we had wild sex that night. When I walked in and saw her at her desk, my dick started to twitch, and I decided I could use a good suck and fuck.

"Lock the door, please, then come over here."

"Yes, sir."

When she was standing in front of me, I moved my desk chair back so she could see I had dropped my pants and underwear to the floor and my dick was standing at attention. "Get on your knees, Mary, and suck my dick."

Without hesitation she said, "Yes, sir", dropped to her knees, took my dick in her hands, and started licking my dick. After a couple of minutes of licking, slurping, and sucking my now very hard dick, I said, "Get up and take your clothes off." As she started to stand, I loudly said, "NOW!"

She jumped up and quickly stripped until she was standing in front of me completely nude. I leaned down and took one of her firm tits in my mouth and started sucking. I reached down with one hand and rubbed my fingers over her slit, finding she was already wet. I lifted her chin so she was looking in my eyes and asked, "Did I say you could cum?"

"No, sir."

"You're a bad girl, Mary. I guess I'm going to have to punish you. Do you want me to punish you?"

"Yes, sir."

"Turn around, Mary and bend over the desk."

"Yes, sir."

She bent over the desk and spread her legs. She had a great ass. I've never been a big fan of anal, but I was thinking I was going to have to fuck her in the ass one of these days. But for now, I needed to punish her. I smacked her ass with my hand. I don't think she was expecting it, but she only flinched a little. She didn't look back and she quickly stuck her ass back in the air. I think she actually enjoyed it. I gave her five smacks on the ass before reaching up and massaging her red cheek. I then moved up closer and stuck my dick in her wet pussy from the rear. I fucked her hard until she had cum twice and I blasted my load shortly after. Since she enjoyed being submissive, I said, "Mary, I want you to get dressed but don't clean your pussy. I want you to walk around with my cum in you all day. Understand?"

"Yes, sir."

"I'm going to come to your house after school and fuck you all night. Would you like that?"

"Yes, sir. I love it when you fuck me."

"When I get there, I'm going to check your pussy. I want to see my cum in there. Understand?"

"Yes, sir. It will be there. I love feeling your cum in me."

When I got there that afternoon, I had her strip. As I had expected, she still had my cum in her pussy. As I promised, we fucked all night. Like I have said before, I'm not really into being dominant, but as long as it's innocent fun, I don't mind role playing.

* * * * *

The next morning, my assistant, Mary, told me Ms. Stevens, the physical fitness instructor and the cheerleader coach, wanted to see me. I told her to send her in. Ms. Stevens was about 5'4", 125 pounds, with short blond hair and blue eyes. I told her to have a seat, and as she started to pull one of the wooden chairs out, she looked at my sofa and asked, "Do you mind?"

I told her to sit where she wanted, and said, "Please, make yourself comfortable. What can I do for you?"

She took a seat on the sofa and crossed her legs. She took a deep breath and seemed to be searching for the right words before she began, "Dr. Masters, I have a problem, and I'm not quite sure what to do about it. I'm not sure if I should even say anything. I'm a little embarrassed."

"Please, Ms. Stevens, call me Bob. You don't have to be so formal. And as far as being embarrassed, I'm not easily shocked, so just say whatever is on your mind."

"Thank you. And, you can call me Becky. I'm not sure where to start. I heard a rumor, and there's probably nothing to it, but you know how quickly rumors can spread. I just wanted to make you aware of it, and maybe you will have an idea about how I can handle it. I mean, if you even want me to. Maybe I should just forget about the whole thing and don't even get involved. I'll leave that up to you."

She paused for so long I thought she was through talking. Finally, I said, "Uh, Becky, I don't think we will be able to come up with a solution to this problem unless you tell me what it is."

She had been looking down at her hands which were clasped in her lap when she finally realized she hadn't told me what the rumor was that she had heard. "OH! God, I'm sorry. I sort of spaced out there for a minute." She let out a little laugh and continued, "I guess it would be hard for you to give me advice if I haven't told you what the problem is. Like I said, it's a little embarrassing. I have actually known about this for a couple of weeks, but I haven't been able to muster up the nerve to come to you. I have gone back and forth, struggling with myself about whether or not I should tell you. Here's the thing. A couple of weeks ago I heard some of my cheerleaders talking and giggling. They didn't know I was there. They were sitting in the bleachers and I had just walked in from the back, so I was still out of sight. Anyway," she let out a long breath before continuing, "they were talking about the size of your penis."

She stopped, and I guess she was waiting on my reaction. The first thing that came to mind was Lexi or Miranda had been talking, but neither of them were on the cheerleader squad. Of course, that didn't mean they hadn't talked to some cheerleaders. I knew she was waiting on me to say something, so I said, "Becky, I have spent over seven years working in High Schools, either as a teacher or a principal. You know as well as I do, girls like to talk, and even fantasize about their teachers. I'm sure there's nothing to it."

Well, I guess you're right. There's probably nothing to it. My only concern was how they would even know. I mean, how could they have seen it?"

"I can assure you they haven't seen it. The only thing I can come up with is, I use the gym after school or sometimes during lunch, and I do take a shower after my workout. Maybe one of the football players saw me and said something to one of your cheerleaders, or I sometimes do laps in the pool. It's hard to hide anything under wet swim trunks. I have never seen any of your girls around the pool when I was there, but maybe one of them was walking by when I got out of the pool to dry off. It's probably nothing to worry about."

Becky was looking at me with her mouth open. She still had her hands in her lap, and I noticed she was nervously opening and closing her legs. She was wearing the same sweatpants that her cheerleaders wore and a school T-shirt. Maybe it was my imagination, but I'm pretty sure her nipples were hard. When she didn't say anything for at least a full minute, I asked, "Becky, are you O.K.? Did you hear what I said?"

"Oh! I'm sorry. I guess I spaced out again. So, I guess you don't want me to do anything about this? Nip it in the bud, so to speak?"

"No, I don't think it's anything to worry about. Like I said, high school girls like to talk."

"Um, Bob, can I ask you something?"

"Of course. What is it?"

"Well, when I told you that the girls were talking about your size, I expected you to deny it, but you actually didn't. You just explained how they might have learned about it. Does that mean it's true?"

Well, shit. This was not what I needed today. What should I do about this problem? First, I learn that the cheerleaders are talking about my dick, now I have their coach asking me if it's as big as she's heard it was. No matter what I said, it wasn't going to solve the problem. But wait. Was it really a problem? I looked a little closer at Becky. If there was a game show where you had to guess someone's occupation, you would take one look at Becky and say either Cheerleader or Cheerleader Coach. She was cute as hell, and, yes, sexy. I had already crossed the lines so many times, I decided to go ahead and take a big leap. I said, "Becky..."

When she looked up at me, I asked, "Does it really matter? Maybe it's true, maybe it isn't, but what does it matter?"

"No, you're right. I guess it doesn't really matter. I'm sorry I asked that. I guess I was just curious. Can't blame a girl for wanting to know."

"Becky, this is highly inappropriate, but now I'm curious. Like you said, can't blame a guy for wanting to know. So, forgive me for asking you this. How badly do you want to know? I mean, not just knowing but having first-hand, verifiable knowledge?"

She looked at me with her mouth open and her eyes wide. She stammered when she asked, "Do you mean, I mean, are you saying ... would you really be willing to show it to me?" She licked her lips, so I guessed she really wanted to see it.

I stood up, unzipped my pants, reached in and pulled my dick out, right in front of her eyes. I didn't think it was possible, but her eyes seemed to get even bigger as I stroked it a couple of times. I said, "Sorry it's not full-sized. I wasn't expecting to have to display it today."

She licked her lips again and said, "Holy shit! Ca...Ca...Can I touch it?"

"Sure. Go ahead. Maybe you can make it bigger. You did want to know how big it was, didn't you?"

"Uh Huh." She licked her lips yet again as she wrapped her hand around the shaft and then started slowly stroking it back and forth. It didn't take long before I was up to full length and girth and hard as nails. She had leaned a little forward so that my dick was less than an inch from her face. When she licked her lips for, I think, the fifth time, she looked up at me and asked, "May I?"

"Please do. I can't think of anything I would like more."

She leaned forward and licked the tip, then licked around the head before putting it in her mouth. Her lips were sealed around the shaft and I could feel her tongue licking around the head while it was in her mouth. Damn that felt good. She then started bobbing her head back and forth while stroking the shaft with her hand. When she started sucking me, I almost lost it. This girl knew how to suck a dick. Before I blew my load, I asked, "Becky, could I see your tits?"

She reluctantly took my dick out of her mouth long enough to remove her T-shirt and her sports bra. She had fantastic tits. I took one in my mouth and began sucking on it while playing with the nipple of the other one with my thumb and forefinger. She moaned and said, "That feels really good, but can I finish sucking your dick?"

Without waiting for an answer, she sat back down on the sofa and again took my dick in her mouth.

I asked, "Becky, not yet, but soon, I'm gonna cum. Do you want me to cum in your mouth? Would that be O.K.?"

"Um Humh."

Shit. This day was starting out better than I thought it would. I had seen Becky around the school, of course. It was hard not to notice her. There were several cute, sexy cheerleaders, but their coach was just as cute, athletic, and sexy as they were. I had seen her at the faculty meetings, too, but there was never really a reason for us to have much conversation with each other. Now I was standing in front of her while she was sucking my dick, and she had just confirmed that it would be O.K. to cum in her mouth. Plus, I had just played with her tits. Surely, it shouldn't be much of a problem to get in her pants.

After a couple of more minutes of her expert sucking, I came in her mouth and she swallowed all of it. I helped her to her feet so I could again take her tit in my mouth. After I had sucked and played with both, I asked, "Becky, I really enjoyed that. But I always like to return the favor. Would you let me lick your pussy?"

"Oh, God, yes! I would love that."

I sat her back down on the sofa and pulled her sweatpants down. She was wearing a sexy little black thong, so I pulled that down, too. I then put my mouth over her pussy and started licking. She was already wet. After I licked and lapped her juicy pussy for a minute, I started sucking on her clit, eliciting several loud moans. After she had climaxed at least twice and coated my face with her nectar, I looked up at her and said, "Becky, I really want to fuck you, but I like to take my time, and you have already been here for a while. Also, I'm afraid you are the type to scream when you are having an orgasm. Do you think you could meet me after school? I mean, if you even want to. Do you want me to fuck you, Becky?"

"Oh, fuck yes! I can't wait to get that cock of yours in my pussy. Shit! If you fuck like you eat pussy, you can fuck me all night long. My only question is, your place or mine?"

I gave her some tissues to wipe her sopping wet pussy while I wiped the remnants of her blowjob from my dick. When I had put my dick away and zipped my pants back up, I gave her a post-it note with my address on it. She looked at it and then exclaimed, "Shit! I forgot I have practice this afternoon." Then, after thinking for a minute, she said, "Fuck it! Cheerleader practice is canceled! I'll see you after school."

When we were both presentable, I led her out the door while saying, "Thank you so much Ms. Stevens for helping me with that problem. I really appreciate you bringing it to my attention."

Hopefully, that was enough to quell the office staff's curiosity.

My dick was semi-hard all day thinking about fucking Becky's sweet pussy. After what seemed like an eternity, the final bell finally rang, signaling the end of the school day. I rushed home and quickly checked to make sure the house was in order. In just a few minutes after I got home, Becky was at my door. I pulled her inside and kissed her deeply and passionately for the first time. I asked, "Can I get you anything?"

"No thanks. All I want is that big cock of yours."

That was fine with me. I took her back to my bedroom where we both quickly stripped and got on the bed. I was thinking about eating her again, but she seemed like she wanted to get to the main event, so I got between her legs and rubbed her pussy a few times before pushing my dick about halfway in. She let out a big gasp and said, "Oh, Yes. Put it in. Fuck me."

After I fucked her slowly for a few minutes, she had a loud orgasm. I was right. She was very vocal. I started fucking her a little faster and going deeper and she soon had another loud climax. Pretty soon I was going fast, hard, and deep. By the way she was moving her ass around, back and forth and up and down, I assumed she was enjoying the way I was fucking her. We fucked through two more orgasms before I blew my load in her cunt. We both collapsed on the bed, breathing hard and trying to recover. After our breathing had returned to normal, she said, "That was...I'm not sure what it was. Amazing, unbelievable...fucking awesome! Shit! I have never been fucked like that."

While she was talking, I had been sucking on her tits. I felt my dick starting to harden again so I said, "Glad you liked it. Would you like to do it again?"

"Bullshit! There's no fucking way you're ready to go again!"

I took her hand and placed it on my now mostly erect dick and answered, "Ready when you are."

"Unfucking believable!" After a minute of silence, and with her hand still on my dick, she asked, "Do you mind if I suck you for a while? I have to give my pussy a break."

"No problem. You are quite an impressive cocksucker. You can suck me anytime you want to."

She sucked me, I licked her, and we fucked a couple of more times before she left, presumably, very satisfied. Too bad we had to work the next day. I wouldn't mind if she wanted to stay all night.

* * * * *

To be continued