 For a message from Just Plain Bob go to www.literotica.com:81/forum/. Go to Authors Hangout and look for Open Letter From Just Plain Bob.

*

It might have been going on for a while, but I first noticed it at mile marker 197 just west of Brady on Interstate 80. A red late model Dodge Intrepid seemed to be playing some kind of game with me. It would be behind me for a while and then it would pull out to pass and blow by me at 85 or 90 miles an hour and a quarter mile down the road it would pull back into my lane and slow down.

The speed limit was 70 and I had my cruise control set on 76 and I was trusting that no cop was going to bother me for going 6 miles over. At 76 I would slowly creep up on the Dodge and eventually I would have to hit my brake, which would take me out of cruise control, or I would have to swing out and pass. Unless there was traffic I always opted for the swing out and pass option and then a quarter mile or so down the road I would pull back into the right lane and the cycle would repeat itself.

About the fifth time it happened I glanced over at the driver of the Dodge as it flew by and saw that the driver was an extremely attractive young woman. After that fifth time I began to think that what she was doing was deliberate and I started trying to figure out just what it was that she was doing. Try as I might I could not come up with an explanation. 

It went on for another forty miles or so and then finally she pulled out, passed me doing 90 and pulled back in front of me only to get off the Interstate at the 133 exit. Weird, I thought, but it had been a distraction from the long and boring ride across I-80.

++++++++++++++++++++++

It was maybe twenty minutes later and darkness had fallen when I noticed a set of headlights coming up from behind at a high rate of speed. There were no flashing lights so I didn't think that it was a cop after somebody and then, suddenly, the red Dodge roared by me and a quarter mile later pulled in front of me and the game began again.

I was in the lead when I swung off of I-80 onto I-76 and I was surprised when I saw the Dodge follow along. I was even more surprised when the Dodge followed me off I-76 at Julesburg and into the Flying J truck stop where I had planned to get a bite to eat and fuel up for the final leg into Denver.

I saw the Dodge park at the far end and no one got out while I gassed up. I pulled away from the pump and pulled up in front of the restaurant and went inside and took a seat. I was looking at the menu when someone slid onto a chair across from me and I looked up and into the biggest brown eyes I had ever seen. They were set in a face that was more striking than beautiful, but the face topped a body to die for.

"Hi. I'm Shauna. Mind if I join you?"

Like I would say no, right? I introduced myself and then I asked her what she had playing at with me for the last two hundred miles.

"Just trying to break the monotony of the long haul across 80. I half expected you to follow me when I got off for gas."

"What would have happened if I had?"

"I don't know, but it might have been fun."

"What kind of fun?"

"We'll never know will we?"

"Where are you headed?"

"I'm supposed to be on my way to Sacramento, California."

"You should have stayed on 80; it would have taken you right into Sacramento."

"I know. I'm just not all that sure that I want to go to Sacramento anymore."

Just then a man approached us and said, "Just what do you think you are doing asshole?"

I looked up, "Are you talking to me?"

"Yeah you dick breath, just what the fu..."

He never finished what he was going to say because I tossed my glass of water into his face and when his hands instinctively went up to cover his eyes I grabbed the front of his shirt and pulled his face down into the table. He fell in a heap on the floor. The manager came running up:

"I don't want no trouble in here. Take your beef outside"

"Just leaving" I said and I got up and headed for the door. Shauna was right behind me and when we got outside she said, "Sorry about that."

"Sorry about what?"

"What just happened. I thought he was asleep in the back seat."

"You know him?"

"He was the reason that I was going to Sacramento and he is also the reason I wasn't sure that I wanted to go to Sacramento."

"I think you lost me there."

"He was my fiancé and we were on the way to Sacramento so I could meet his folks and make wedding plans."

"Was your fiancé?"

"You learn a lot about someone when you are cooped up in a car with them for eighteen hundred miles. By the time we hit Kearny I wasn't sure that I really wanted to go through with the wedding."

"And now?"

"You got room in your car for me and three suitcases?"

I helped Shauna move her stuff from the Intrepid into my car and through the window of the restaurant I saw people helping Shauna's boyfriend up off the floor.

"You going to say goodbye to him?

"Nah! He'll figure it out eventually," she said as she tossed the car keys onto the front seat of the Dodge. "Let's get out of here."

++++++++++++++++++++++

We pulled out of the Flying J and got on 76. The first ten miles were traveled in silence as Shauna looked out the passenger side window at the dark countryside. Finally I broke the silence.

"Having second thoughts? We are still close enough to turn around and go back. He will probably still be there."

"No, no second thoughts. Troy has always been a jealous and possessive asshole and I think that is what attracted me to him in the first place. To go from a life where no one gave a shit about me to where I had a man who thought so much of me that he wanted to own me and keep others away from me was somehow comforting. Remember when I said you learn a lot about someone when you are cooped up with them for eighteen hundred miles?"

I nodded a yes. 

"I wasn't talking about Troy, I was talking about me. By the Illinois/Indiana state line I knew I was making a mistake. I'm just not the marrying kind. I'm not a girl who can tie herself down to just one man. You know what I mean?"

"No, I'm afraid that I don't."

Shauna slid across the seat until she was next to me and said, "I like cock too much sweetie" as her hand went to my zipper. "I'm too much of a slut to stay true to one man and I knew it, but for a while I convinced myself that I could change and that Troy and I could build a life together. By Omaha I knew I was kidding myself. When I made that last gas stop on 80 I was hoping that you would follow me. I was going to fuck you on your back seat while Troy slept in the car next to us."

By then she had my erection out and was stroking me and I was debating whether to continue driving or to pull over to the side of the road. Common sense won out and I pulled over onto the shoulder of the road just as her hot mouth closed around my cock. It did not take me long to realize that Troy's loss was my gain. 

Her mouth was a soft as warm butter and her tongue and lips felt like feathers as they danced around the head of my dick. She licked the underside and kissed the length until she was back to the head and then she looked up at me, smiled and swallowed it. Her head bobbed up and down three times and then she had her nose in my pubic hairs as I was deep throated for the first time in my life. She worked me until she had me ready to cum and then she backed off for a minute or so and then she went after me again. She did that three times until I could no longer hold back and when I came it was so hard that I was surprised I didn't blow the back of her head off. 

After she had licked me clean she looked up at me and smiled, "Will that hold you until we get to your place? You are going to let me stay with you for a while aren't you?"

++++++++++++++++++++++

I did let her stay with me and for five weeks I enjoyed the wildest sex imaginable. Shauna was insatiable. Every morning she woke me with a blow job and sent me out the door well fucked to greet the new day. She was waiting naked for me when I got home from work at night and on some nights we never even got to have dinner. Once she even took a cab down to where I worked so she could have lunch with me and when I asked her where she would like to have lunch she said, "The back seat of your car. What I'm really hungry for right now is a nice hard tube steak if you take my meaning." I did, but not being an exhibitionist I took her to a hotel instead of my back seat. 

Shauna's big thing was having her pussy eaten just after I fucked her; she said that having cum eaten out of her was such a turn on that she always had an orgasm when it happened. Given that she was giving me so much I felt that it behooved me to give her back something so, much as I hated the taste, I did what she wanted. If we screwed in the morning and I didn't have time to do it before going to work she would try and hold as much in her during the day as she could so I could do it as soon as I got home that night.

More than any other girl I had ever known, Shauna was always hot, wet and ready. The day she came down to the office and we went to the hotel she lay back on the bed and pulled apart her pussy lips so that I could see that she had saved my mornings leavings for me. She gave me a wicked little grin and said, "I plan on having tube steak, but I have cream pie for you. Come on baby, play vacuum cleaner for me." 

I went to my knees and buried my face in the wet mess and licked until she cried out, "Fuck me now baby, fuck me now."

I never made it back to work that afternoon.

++++++++++++++++++++++

Life was good and, silly me, I began to think that Shauna and I might have a future together, but Shauna had told me what she was and I had forgotten. I came home from work early one day and found Shauna on my bed and sliding up and down on some stranger's erection. I watched for a minute or two as they fucked without noticing me and then I went out to the kitchen and fixed myself a stiff drink. As I sipped it I thought of all the times I had come home from work and she had been hot and wet and waiting for me to go down on her and I almost barfed.

Thirty minutes later a naked Shauna came out of the bedroom hustling her dressed lover along. "Hurry sweetie, we need to get you out of here before he gets home" she was saying and then she saw me. 

"Oops. I guess there is no hurry now, but you still need to leave."

She walked the man to the door and when it closed behind him she turned to face me. "I'm sorry baby, but I did tell you what I was. I guess I've overstayed my welcome huh?"

"Yes Shauna, I guess you have."

I watched her pack and then I drove her out to the airport and dropped her off. I have no idea where she flew off to and I never heard from her again.