 The sun wore its way through the green canopy overhead. Every so often letting the wind rustle through the leaves as a gentle reprieve to the searing sun that brought with it that warm gaze.

He followed her through the trail, each of them winding and turning as they made their way along the path, taking a break away from the busy lives they could escape if only briefly with a getaway into the trees.

"Keep up, old man!" She called back, teasing as she led. Her years of exercise easily allowing her to set a brisk pace. He had found it tough to match, but was doing so at least for the moment.

"Whatever, slowpoke!" His voice chuckled as he replied, their usual banter never ending in almost every task. Day after day the two seemed to always know what to say or do, bringing one another out of the banal doldrums of their lives.

If he was down or anxious, her quick wit and smile always seemed to ease the sensation, making him able to take a deep breath and know that it would be alright. He hoped that his undying friendship brought along a similar sense of comfort, their friendship lasting most of their and through it all his care and adoration never seemed to waver.

Again she reached up to push a large overhanging branch from her path and dragging it forward, It did not go without notice when she did just how the muscles on her freckled shoulders and back rippled with the power within. Her small frame was packed with not just beauty, but a surprising amount of strength. The small white top that exposed her shoulders but covered her spine seemingly accentuating the act.

"We should be almost at the lake, I can hear the waves" She glanced back over her shoulder, catching his eyes glazed over in that familiar expression letting her know he was once again admiring her from his place behind.

"Hey, you listening? Heads up!" As she stepped forward, she let go of the branch and watched it sling itself back into place, his eyebrows raising with a "HEY!" as the leaves rocketed towards him.

Cracking twigs and a cry of surprise made her almost double over in laughter as the released branch took him square in the face, his sunglasses tilting on his nose while the hat on his head went off somewhere up and beyond. The vision of his surprise and the look on his face was perfect, her laughter carrying through the trees and echoing slightly, as if the whole of the forest found the act amusing.

"Oh. Oh it's on now, lady." His hands pushed at the tree, sliding it out of the way as he began to step under it, darting forward and reaching towards her only to have her dance just out of reach in time.

"Try it, old man!" She giggled again, teasing once more as she turned and darted down the walkway.

Not one to give in, especially to her when she absolutely deserved payback, he sprinted off in chase. Ducking another branch she had let swing, he could not help but grin at her high pitched giggle the beautiful redhead let out as she darted to the side, her small but powerful frame shifting to the side and always just keeping out of reach.

As they rounded the last bit of bush and out into a small opening that revealed the expanse of the small secluded lake, he finally managed to reach out just as she stepped up onto a larger rock, his arm pulling at her and keeping her tipped slightly off balance.

"Gotcha! That's it, you're going in!" He laughed again, not fully intending to follow through on that threat, but it seemed like a good idea.

Oh how wrong he was.

Turning her slender frame, his longtime friend slipped to the side, making him over extend and move too far, his body hanging on that wavering point of balance.

Right then and there, things moved seemingly in slow motion. Her arm still clenched in his grip, his body swaying back, and with a most unceremonious tumble, both of them slid off into the cool brisk lake.

Luckily enough, the backpacks had been dropped as the chase began in earnest, but when his head poked up above the water, her unimpressed smirk showed the clear indication that her soaked clothing and boots were still punishment worthy.

"oops." He grinned, hardly able to contain the humor in his voice at the ridiculous situation. Somehow, someway, it was predetermined that something crazy would happen. It always did, and here they were, chest deep in a secluded lake in hiking gear.

"You. Are. Such. A. Dork." she swatted at him, water splashing upward and around as he covered his face. Quickly dashing forward he scooped her tight, part from keeping her from splashing again, partly because he loved nothing better than an excuse to wrap his arms around the beautiful woman.

"Absolutely. But it's still your fault."

"My fault!" She mock-horrored the words, her hand pressing hard against his face in a teasing swat that made both of them laugh once again.

For a moment he just paused, letting the world around him reveal itself to his senses. The sun shone high, its heat making their impromptu swim comfortable, even through the wet clothing. The slight breeze causing her nipples to harden against the white fabric of her shirt, leaving even less to his already vivid imagination.

"This isn't the worst decision I've made in awhile." He murmured, his eyes looking deep into hers, the playfulness still there, but intoned with that deep affection he always tried so hard to push down, but not always having the willpower to succeed in.

"Yeah you planned this whole thing," she slowly pushed closer, letting him feel her body's warmth against his. She knew he ached for her, she loved that he seemingly always was fighting the urge to pull her tight. Now that he had, she also reveled in teasing him mercilessly, knowing full well his body ached to have more. A fact proven by the firm push up against her hip by his growing arousal.

"If I did it was a masterpiece. You look fucking amazing like this." His hand reached up to brush a strand of wet hair away, her head turning to playfully bite his wrist as he did, letting him know she was still in control and every motion he made was at her will.

"Are you saying I don't always look fucking amazing?" she grinned again, the prettiest smile he ever imagined dazzling him once more as he mock rolled his eyes.

"No, of course you're always a sow. Shut up. You know you're a knockout."

"yeah, well, you're biased."

She always said that.

"So now what, Mr. Master Planner. Are you chickening out or what...?" Her teasing taunting tone made him feel like they were kids again, the woman's slender figure reminding him oh so clearly that they certainly were not kids anymore.

Her body was always one he admired, her red hair and toned features moved with a grace that hid her toughness, her toned muscles always drawing his eyes along their lines while her smooth firm breasts always formed the most perfect shape.

Without thinking, his hands slid down to cup the round curves of her rear, pulling the woman tighter still against his now hungry frame, knowing full well she could feel its readiness against her.

Again time seemed to slow, her eyes looking at his, almost daring, her hands resting on his shoulders as his held her tight against his own body, their wet clothing almost completely forgotten in that brief locked moment of hesitation. She sensed his pause, her lips curling into a smile knowing always that he deferred to her, his entire being always gave into what she wanted first. It was just his way.

"Dork." She whispered softly, her chin lifting as she rose up on the balls of her feet to let her lips push up hard against his. The pressing caress of his warm lips pulled her in as he exhaled in delight and relief, the arms around her tightening even more and letting him feel the hardness of her nipples firmly into his soaked shirt.

For a moment, that was all there was. Just the press of heir moving lips, tongues dancing together in a teasing chase much like they had endured just minutes before. She could feel his heart against her wrist, pounding hard as her own matched the rhythm, the gentle caress of the kiss turning from a light lovers embrace into a full on passionate need.

His hand on her body slid upward, sliding under the soaked shirt to feel the smooth tight skin on her back, her body arched ever so slightly to let his caress trace upward before moving down her sides. As he repeated the motion, his hands slipped forward more, the thumbs caressing against the underside of her firm breasts, letting her shiver over their gentle path.

"Think anyone's around?" She whispered, her forehead resting on his as their lips parted, their panting breaths mixing together in the brief respite if the kiss.

"Not for eternity." he muttered back. Watching her as their grins both grew, a slightly nod of understanding fluttering between them both.

With a quick shove, she reached down and crossed her arms, her hands pulling up on her soaked shirt, letting her full perfect bosom rise from their confines to display brilliantly in the shining sun. His own hands quickly tugged off at his own shirt, eyes never leaving her as he muttered a soft "Holy shit you're perfect.." while he watched her hands quickly undo her shorts, pulling them off beneath the water.

Stepping backwards, she remained just out of reach, her hand holding up to keep him in place as she muttered a soft "ah ah ah...not just yet."

Slowly, teasing, her hand holding her shorts and panties rose from the water, tossing the clothing off onto the rock and leaving her naked but hidden partially submerged in the water.

"Take those off. Slowly. Dance for me, babeh!" She twirled her finger, mocking once more as the grin on her face seemingly could not get wider.

"Oh stop." She couldn't be serious, he thought.

"Do it or we're done here." She replied.

She absolutely was serious.

With a deep sigh he stepped back slightly, the shallower water rising to just mid thigh as he undid his shorts, flashing them open before giving in and beginning to hum a striptease dance music tune.

"Dun DAH! Dahhhhh DUN... Dun Dun Dun Daaaaa!" He playfully swayed his hips, making the girl laugh hard at the ridiculous sight before he finished with a finale, his hands shoving the shorts downward and fully exposing his full hard member to the daytime sky and her view.

"Well done, well done!" She applauded with a golf clap, her head shaking at the sight before he stepped in closer. This time, he didn't hesitate, his arms wrapping once more around her waist, lifting her easily within the water as she slid her legs around his hips, her ankles locking behind her back.

"You always make me laugh." She whispered, her smile contagious. She glanced down, her eyebrows raising at the full member now resting against her belly, her body pulled tight to his and letting her see him completely in the summer sunshine and through the water between them.

She always marveled that he kept himself trimmed fully. It showed a desire to be proud and confident in his sexual life, plus there was something stark about the way his full hardness rose from shaven hips like a tower of pleasure. Reaching her hand downward, the beautiful redhead let her fingers wrap around him, letting out a soft "mmm" as she did. It felt so hot against her palm, the arousal of the man already making her skin feel a bit slippery while she stroked ever so slowly up along the length and back down again.

As her hand caressed his length, his head dipped down to push his mouth against her neck, his lips pulling tight and making her gasp at the sensation of an ever so slight nip against her skin. The moment was pure passion, the built up need between them finally unable to be contained as she pulled against his length, sliding her fingers all the way forward to the tip as her hand twisted against its head before pushing back down to his shaved hip. The act made him groan hard against her throat, his chest rumbling in a deep seeded need for her touch, a pure sound of want that made her feel like the most powerful woman on the planet.

And to him she was.

Arching her back, she lifted her hips, her hands guiding him along her body as she slipped his hardness between her thighs, her one hand against the back of his neck for support as she used the other to guide the man slowly against her lower folds, her voice soft and gentle as if instructing him on the very thing he'd replayed a million times in his mind for years.

"I want you to feel me." She spoke, her voice wavering slightly as the hardness separated her opening ever so slightly before she pulled back, eliciting a whimper from his body.

"I want you to know I care for you..." She spoke again, this time letting his girth part once more and stretch her opening ever so slightly. The warmth of her own arousal made the motion easy, the coolness of the water starkly contrasting against the heat of his shaft.

"And I want you to know that-"

"I love you." He cut her off, finishing her sentence as she let him slide slowly deeper inside.

The caress of her inner depths made his eyes flutter closed for a moment before he regained his mental thoughts, his heart pounding deep in his chest while they stayed tight together, his girth buried fully into the woman before him, his world complete for that singular moment.

Together they slowly began to move in unison, her body rising gently from the water as she felt his length slide outward, her lower lips pulling against the sides of his shaft while her soft heavy breasts rose from the water, letting him see her in her beautiful glory.

As she let her body descend, the rigid length slipped deep back inside, his arms straining and bulging with the muscles needed to guide her motion, the woman's firm powerful legs gripping ever tighter to let her feel the tip of his shaft push as deep as she had ever felt. As he buried deep, the firm hip bone of his body ground hard against her hardened nub, sending a tingle along her spine that made her shiver.

Again she rose, and again she felt the tip push deeper than what it felt like before, that glancing press of his hip crushing her clit lashing an exquisite sensation of delight over her body as it rose and fell, over and over.

In that moment, he was given everything he had ever desired, his body melding with hers, his eyes watching as she rose and fell, her body shimmering like a goddess in the sunlight before she let it descend and bury him within her.

Knowing full well that he couldn't last much longer this first time he pulled down hard against her shoulders as his arms wrapped around her back, her body feeling completely enveloped as he kept his hard member grinding deep inside her, letting her body writhe against its perch and feeling her clit press impossibly hard against his shaven hips. With a growl he rolled with her, his hips grinding hard against her and letting her rock and sway while the water began to pick up in its surging waves around them.

"Y...you... you getting... getting close?" She hissed, the words broken and stammered as she felt herself tingling at the pure hungry delight of the man inside her and her body giving into the pushing pleasure on her hips.

He simply nodded, knowing full well he couldn't take much more, his breathing hissing as he curled his toes in an effort to remain in control.

"Then...give...it...to...me..." She groaned and rose up high, her hips descending firmly as her pace suddenly changed once more. The powerful strokes sliding along her warmth, her head rolling back slightly to rise her breasts slightly above the waterline, the rocking motion of their passion causing the perfect orbs to sway in an almost circle with each push of his sliding cock inside her.

They groaned at the increased pleasure, her body giving in to the tingling pulses that rose seemingly from her toes every time she drove herself down hard on the mans length, his tip separating her depths and burying itself deep within.

It felt so good, so right. Their bodies rising and falling, feeling the warmth envelop him as she felt that touch so far inside that it couldn't be stopped. The passionate moment of heavy breaths pushed their lips together, noses flaring in the passionate gasps for air between the rising groans of ecstasy. She knew he was close, his hands tightening more and more with the rising wave as his hips rose hard against her, the woman letting the motion push her up slightly out of the water before she pushed down hard with her locked legs around him, driving her warmth to wrap entirely against the shaft as she ground her pleasured core onto her lover.

With a soft "Oh...!" she felt him start to shake, his lips parting and saying her name once before she replied with a simple "Yes!"

In that moment, it was held together by an atom of willpower. Yet again time slowed as he watched her face, the wave of his orgasm rolling up through his hips to erupt deep in her core, the warmth spreading up along her in stark contrast to the cool water wrapped around her hips.

Her own body revelled in his ecstasy, the knowledge that he would give himself so entirely to her and derive such pure passionate ecstasy from her pushed her up hard against the final release she had ached for. With a shuddered cry from her lips, she felt herself let go with a impassioned rush of climax that tore through her soul. With toes curled agianst his back, her thighs gripped hard and held him deep, letting her feel every pulsing wave of his release pour up into her body as her warmth clenched and relaxed in soft repeated waves.

Slowly his hips moved less and less, his arms wrapping around her once more as their lips found one another in a slow sensual caress, her arms draping around his neck with the sun shining gently overhead.

"Stay here for a bit." She whispered, loving the feel of him inside her without having to worry about any mess with the water gently lapping at their bodies.

"Always." He nodded, smiling gently.