 It had been one of those July days when the air was still and heavy. Although the sun had began to set, it was still hot. As I walked up the steep hill on my way home I heard footfalls behind me and noticed a shadow following me. I slowed the follower slowed, I speeded up the follower speeded up. I was becoming more than a little nervous, you hear so many stories these days. As I progressed and my follower seemed to stay a constant two or three yards behind my fear increased. I was sure it was a man whose breath I could hear.

The hairs on the back of my neck began to stand up as my follower copied my every move. My head had become centred and still, all I could do was walk in a straight line. My heart began beat faster and faster, banging like a drum. 

Then contrariwise my body began to react in a totally perverse manner. I can only explain what was happening, by saying it was many months since I had ended my last relationship. My nipples, were becoming hard and erect – two juicy strawberries thrusting urgently at the material of my white T-shirt. 

I had to walk up a hill to get to my semi-detached house, sweat began to soar down my brow. My T-shirt now was clinging to my pert breasts. My thoughts were hoping he would walk past and notice my nipples sticking out of my T-shirt. 

Eventually when I did manage to climb that hill and get indoors, I slammed the door shut behind me. I peeled of my T-shirt and tight red skirt which just covered the tops of my thighs. Waltzing into the kitchen to get myself a glass of Lemon Barley, I leant against the cupboard rolling the ice cold glass across my brow and down to my erect nipples.

My hand began to wander down to my damp panties. My fingers found their way to my wet, dark hole. As I sat on the work-top, I slid my hand inside and began rubbing my Mons veneris. I then began probing my fingers in and out of my now soaking wet fuck hole. The burning desire rising through my voluptuous body, was making me wild for cock.

All of a sudden, it was as if my prayers had been answered. There was a knocking at the door, I went through to the bedroom to slip into my white dressing gown. When I opened the door, I casually flung my brown hair to the side of my brow. His eye's taking off my gown and making love to me right there and then. "Do come in." I said standing aside. 

His muscular arms seemed to be bursting out of his T-shirt and his legs were like trunks covered tightly in jeans. he followed me back into the bedroom, where I had left my drink. I tried walking past him but he was blocking my entrance. He moved left and then right so I could make my way past him.

Thoughts of fucking a young cock entered my mind as I looked up and down his fit-muscular body. I was old enough to be this boy's mother at the age of forty-five but that thought wasn't going to stop me. "How old are you son?" I asked

"Umm, nineteen." he replied

I began to feel like a common little slut as I craved the huge bulge in his trousers and how I was to become courtesan to his cock. He must have known I wanted him right there as he pressed his body against mine. A tingling sensation erupted inside of me as I moved closer towards his gorgeous body and like a hussy flung my arms around him and began snogging him. His gentle kiss' sent quivers to my spine, the feeling was now beyond boiling point. Allowing my gown to fall, he cupped my huge breasts in his hands, all the while still circulating his tongue down my throat I ran my hands down his back and onto his ass cheeks. His kneading my breasts made me horny for his cock. 

I worked one of my hands round fumbling his front until I found his bulge, I then unzipped his jeans and slid my hand inside to discover a whopping hard cock which I could tell was straining to spring out of his briefs. He pulled down my little pink panties and began to finger my cunt.

Walking me backwards, I fell onto the bed, he took his T-shirt off as he laid on top of me. Sliding down my body, he worked his way down my breasts until he reached my clit. Quivers of excitement erupted as he darted his tongue in and out of me.

My head began to swim, in time with his expertise licking of my wet cunt. He sucked my erect nipples, chewing and biting them which made me arch my back. My hands were holding the rails of the bed-head. I had stretched my legs out further to give him easier access to my gushing cunt. he began to nibble my nipples and I demanded him to fuck me hard.

" Fuck me long and slow! All I want is your cock." I shouted 

His cock found my entrance with ease, my screaming was enough to bring down the house. How any boy could have a cock as big as the one I was now receiving, I never knew. But it was all for me, "faster, faster, oh…yes. Go on big boy." I was now gagging for more of his enormous cock inside me.

He began to inch his full length up my hungry cunt until he stretched me to kingdom come. His balls slapping against my ass as he pumped further and further up my quim. I had never known a fuck to be like this before and I didn't want it to end. 

The speed of his cock darting in and out of me, and my juices mingling with his had my entire body feeling like an electric blanket which was going to catch fire at any moment. I was cumming like never before and my gapping hole was being stretched to the limit. 

He began pumping harder, deeper inside me, I wrapped my legs around his waist. He nudged further up my body, his hairy chest tickled my nipples as he did so. And then he shot his full wad up me, laying beside each other as we both got our breath back. 

We both got dressed and as he made his way to the front door, he looked back at me. "I'll see you tomorrow then." He said opening the door. "Why's that love?" I asked. "Didn't I tell you, I'm the new hired help." Came his reply.