 A Halloween Tale, For Holly

Through the crisp fall evening air, the young couple ran from the apartment building across the parking lot to the silver Audi parked nearby. As they reached the car, she leaned back against the passenger door as he pressed up against her. She pulled him close to her for a quick little kiss.

"Didya have fun, honey?" Heather asked, her blue-green eyes sparkling in the flickering glow of an overhead light.

"Oh yeah!" Kevin responded, feeling Heather nestle her body up closer to him. "And since Halloween is your favorite holiday I know that you had fun!"

"Uh-huh," Heather moaned, thrusting her hips up against him. "And I can't wait to get you home!"

"You sure?" he teased. "Cause if not, we can always go back and rejoin the party."

Heather made it look like she was thinking his question over, but then looked into his dark eyes and smiled. "Nah ... I'd rather get you home and get naked!"

"Oh, honey!" Kevin sighed. With another kiss that was a little longer and wetter, he unlocked the door and opened it up for Heather. He watched as she folded up her tall athletic frame into the plush leather passenger seat, and then stretched out her long shapely legs. He swung the door closed and went around to jump in beside her. 

They had made such a great couple at the party, he as a headless football player and she as a massacred cheerleader. For most of the party, Kevin had worn the shoulder pads up on his head and carried a detached head stuffed into his old football helmet as a prop Heather had worn a high school letter sweater that was ripped and torn as if by a slasher, revealing the curves of her supple athletic body. Her short skirt was similarly tattered and showing off her long legs and occasionally her tiny white g-string panties.

Settled into the car and underway for the short ride home, Heather wasted no time exploring Kevin's football pants feeling the thick hard erection that was growing underneath. His hand rested on her bare thigh and inched upward until his fingers brushed near the warm damp crotch of her panties. 

The nearly full moon was filtering through the scattered clouds and trees lending a spooky atmosphere to the late night. There was something about this sort of evening that seemed to tease and excite Heather. She loved horror movies and had cultivated an interest in the occult, often believing that witches and warlocks and vampires just might be real. Something about this night helped mix together elements of desire and eroticism and passion and dark-sided spirits in her mind with the resulting arousal sweeping through her body.

"Spooky night out, hon," Kevin said. "Looking for some ghosts and goblins?" Kevin snuck a glance in Heather's direction as his pinky began to rub up and down the moist folds between her legs.

"Mmm, just wondering ..." she said slowly and dreamily, looking back at Kevin, knowing by his expression that he could see the gleam of arousal in her eyes.

"Wondering what?"

"Wondering if it is all true, that on nights like this the spirits come alive and seek human contact."

"Anything is possible, hon," he replied. Kevin flinched as her hand gripped him tighter through his costume. "Oh, god yes! Anything is possible."

She knew that he didn't quite share her beliefs but that didn't really bother her. He was always very sweet about indulging her freaky side, a side that only her closest friends knew about. Most people would never think that a sweet unassuming preschool teacher would believe in vamps. But Kevin always gave Heather all the time she needed to pursue her own interests and was always there for her when she needed him. She leaned over and kissed him on the neck, then looked out through the car window at the night sky. As they approached a stoplight near her house, Heather noticed the old graveyard up ahead.

"Hey! Check it out! There's that neat old graveyard!" she said excitedly.

"So?"

"So ... um ... oh, nothing," she answered.

"No, what?" Kevin asked.

"Um, nothing really."

"Oh, come on, honey. I know what it means when you say nothing," he answered, his hand lightly rubbing the soft tender skin of her thigh.

"Well, um ... I don't know," Heather said, stalling a bit. She knew he always liked teasing her, but her thoughts were of something maybe a little darker and freakier than usual. "But um, haven't you ever wanted to do it in a graveyard?"

"Ah, not really." Kevin said, almost laughing until he saw how serious she was.

"But with me, honey?" she asked her hand firmly tracing the outline of his hard-on. "If I told you that I really, really wanted to do it in a graveyard, wouldn't you want to?"

"I don't know, honey," he responded, stifling a moan as he felt Heather's fingers gripping his cock through the tight old football pants. "Maybe I guess."

"Well, why not pull in up ahead, okay?"

"What? Now? Tonight?"

"Oh, yeah, honey!" she breathed huskily leaning down to nibble at his thickened member through the rough fabric of his football pants, grazing her teeth teasingly over his erection. "Mmm, I just know you want me, hon."

"Yeah, but here?" he said as the stoplight turned green and he started away slowly. "You sure?"

"I need you now, honey, so bad!" she said, lifting her face up from his lap and kissing him on the neck, feeling him flinch and quiver from the way her tongue danced along his tender skin. 

"Oh, fuck! You know I can't resist you when you do that!" he cried out, before pulling his Audi into the graveyard driveway and driving along the gravel path slowly and hesitantly.

"Keep going," Heather said, her hand still stroking him eagerly. "Keep going ..."

"What are you looking for?" he asked as he peered out through the darkness at the passing gravestones and monuments.

"Not sure ..." she began. "But I'll know what it is when I see it."

"Whatever ..." Kevin replied, hoping that she would find it quickly so he could release his raging hard-on from the tight football pants and have the hot sex that Heather was promising.

"Yeah! Here!" she called out. "Stop here!"

Kevin braked the Audi to a stop and looked around. Heather was looking beyond a line of grave markers toward a hulking old mausoleum, its gray marble profile silhouetted against the moonlit sky. Heather's hand left his crotch and she was already opening the car door.

"You sure, hon?" he asked. "This looks kinda creepy ..."

"I'm sure, Kev," she said getting out of the car. "This is perfect!"

Kevin followed behind as she scampered up toward the old building. The door was made of cold heavy brass and guarded by a wrought iron gate that had swung open.

"For Christ's sake," Kevin groaned as he watched her push the creaky door open. Over the doorway was a name carved in huge block letters, "Massey." 

He was thankful that October had been fairly warm as the cold and damp mausoleum sent a shiver down his spine as he entered. Heather pulled out a small flashlight from her purse and switched it on, sending a sharp beam of light up toward the vaulted ceiling then around the room, revealing a heavy layer of dust and a collection of cobwebs. She turned back to him, her face glowing from the flashlight and the blush of her arousal.

"This is perfect," she gushed. "Isn't it ... all spooky and creepy and gothic?"

"If you say so, hon," he replied apprehensively. There was an air to the room, not musty entirely, but different.

"Come on, Kev," she said reaching out to grab his jersey covered with fake blood and pull him toward her. "Oh, god! I am so turned on, baby. I want you right now."

Kevin looked around at the shadowy room. In the center was a crypt maybe three feet high. Along one wall was a series of carved niches, all but one containing an urn. Heather's kiss was hot and wet as she leaned back against the crypt and pulled him toward her. Her greenish blue eyes were sparkling with an intense desire that he had rarely seen in her. Not that she wasn't a passionate girl most of the time, but at this moment, she seemed overcome by something and Kevin grinned at the thought of the pleasure they were about to share, despite the creepy surroundings.

"Oh, yeah," he said as her kisses melted down over his neck. "You want me in here, right now?"

"Oh, god! I need you, honey!" she said, squatting down and frantically trying to unfasten his football pants. "I need you so bad!" Her hands rubbed over his crotch as Kevin helped her open up the pants. He moaned with pleasure when her warm fingers reached in and pulled out his thick stiff cock. Kevin pushed the pants down nearly to his knees. Wasting no time, Heather licked around the tip and kissed the head as she stroked the shaft eagerly. "Mmm, Kevin! I love your cock so much!"

"Oh, fuck!" he groaned as she sucked him into her hot wet mouth. The chill of the air was nothing compared to the heat of her blowjob. Kevin reached forward and rested his hands on her head as Heather sucked him deep into her mouth. His cock was growing fully long and hard quickly. As she slid his cock out, she swirled her tongue around and around the tip resting just inside her full lips. He groaned again as she hungrily sucked his cock, plunging her face down until the head pushed against her throat. "Oh, fuck, honey!"

"Mmm! Mmm! Mmm!" Heather hummed as she bobbed her head back and forth taking almost all of his cock inside her mouth and stroking the heck out of what she couldn't. She reached around and grabbed at the cheeks of his ass pulling him toward her as she devoured his throbbing manhood.

"Oh, fuck!" he screamed as her hand found his balls and began to cradle them, squeezing them gently. Heather had always prided herself on giving the best head, but tonight she was even more inspired! She could tell that the pumping of her mouth back and forth on his cock was going to make him cum soon. She glanced up to see his eyes close as her mouth sent intense sensations through him. His hips jerked back and forth uncontrollably. Then she drew her head back and let him escape her mouth with a loud pop, her teeth grazing lightly over the swollen head of his cock.

"I want you, honey!" she cried out, standing up and kissing his lips passionately. "I want you inside me now!"

"But ..." Kevin said watching as she pushed herself up onto the edge of the crypt. Her leather jacket was open and he could see the generous curves of her breasts coming into view through the rips and tears in her letter sweater. 

Heather perched her hips right at the edge of the crypt and raised her legs up, spreading them wide and resting the heels of her sneakers on the crypt. The tiny triangle of her little white panties was stretched tightly over her damp pussy, her bare shaven lips plainly visible in the dim light. Her hand reached down to rub herself through the thin fabric and then quickly slipped underneath. She knew that there was not mistaking the look of desire in her eyes as she gazed at him while pulling her panties to the side. Her pussy was at the right level for him to enter her.

"Oh, Jesus!" he sighed as she reached for him, guiding his firm shaft toward her throbbing pussy. Heather rubbed the head up and down on her wet labia before tucking it down toward her hot entrance. "Oh fuck, honey!"

Needing little more invitation, Kevin pressed forward and thrust his cock deeply into her, every hard thick inch stretching her wide. Heather sighed and moaned with pleasure as Kevin began to work his cock back and forth inside her. She pulled at her skirt, raising it up past her waist and shivered from the sensation of her smooth hot ass on the firm cold stone of the crypt. The feeling seemed to enflame her passion and she began to move wildly with a crazy abandon.

Heather wrapped her long legs around his hips and rocked her body as Kevin began to thrust in and out of her sodden pussy. She pulled at her clothes, her hands pushing up under the ripped letter sweater finding her full firm breasts bouncing in time with each hard thrust from Kevin. Grasping at them, she pulled at her nipples with her thumbs and forefingers, pinching and pulling the taut rosy buds.

"Oh, Kevin! Fuck me ... harder! Harder!" she cried out.

Kevin clutched at her hips and thrust wildly, pumping his long hard cock deep into her, the heat of their passion making her writhe and wriggle. He tossed his head back and his eyes closed as if surrendering to the wonderful pleasure of the moment. But suddenly he tensed up and his cock throbbed as he began to cum. Normally he lasted pretty long but the impulsive urge that had seized Heather had now latched onto him and was bringing him over the edge. He sent stream after stream of hot cum up deep inside her, finally collapsing on top of her, his hands resting on her shoulders as his head lie in the warm valley between her breasts.

"Kevin ... honey?" she asked, wiggling her hips. "You cum already?"

"Yeah, baby," he said, panting. He moved his head as if looking around the cold room, and she felt his cock grow flaccid and slip from her. It was like something had made his ardor slacken so much that he only wanted to catch his breath and leave. "Um ... sorry. Maybe when we get home ..."

"Yeah, sure, honey," Heather replied with a deep sigh, wrapping her arms around him and holding him close.

As Kevin helped Heather down off the crypt and they adjusted their clothes, he looked around suddenly. "What's that?" Kevin asked.

"I didn't hear anything," Heather replied, embracing him.

"I did ... sounded kind of spooky," he said, clutching her tightly. "Kind of a low moaning or groaning noise."

"I didn't hear anything," she replied. "Probably just the wind."

"I guess," Kevin said grabbing her flashlight and looking around, nosing the light into every dark corner. "But whatever it was, I want to get out of here. This place gives me the creeps," he remarked, his body giving off a shudder as he spoke the last word. "Come on the sooner we get home, the sooner I can make things up to you."

"We'll see about that," she sighed as they headed back toward his car.

Sure enough when they got back to Heather's place, Kevin was tender and gentle and loving at first, but grew more dynamic and forceful, more than making up for his short-lived performance at the cemetery. And sure, Heather came first and often this time, but as they lie together for the longest while afterwards, the gentle sound of his soft snore left her feeling sort of empty for some reason and her mind wandered back to the dank shadows of the mausoleum and the thrill that still sent shudders coursing through her body.

******

Not quite a week later, it was the night of Halloween and Heather had made it a point to get home from work early enough to eat and change into costume before the "trick and treaters" came calling. Kevin had returned back to school for the week so she would be on her own. But that didn't matter as she loved Halloween and the costumes and spooky fun and was delighted in the way the little ones dressed and the way many of them would look up at her with wide eyes when they saw her in costume. 

This year she had gone for a sexy witch look. She admired the way her black costume was snug and clung to her every curve from the shoulders down to her shapely hips. The neckline of her top was scooped low enough to show off just the upper curves of her breasts and her skirt ended about mid thigh showing off her long legs and knee high black suede boots. A crumpled witch's hat and black lace shawl complemented her outfit. Finally she replaced her usual golden cross with a silver necklace supporting a bejeweled pendant of a dragon and slipped on a couple of novelty rings. Her costume wasn't too overt, but just enough to maybe bring a look of fright to the kids and a knowing grin to the faces of the Dads who were escorting those kids around the neighborhood.


Heather lit the candles in her carved jack o'lanterns, flipped the switch to light up her spooky front yard display complete with skeletons and ghosts suspended from the trees. After slipping in the CD she had burned with favorite spooky tunes sprinkled with creepy sound effects, she set the bowl of Snickers and Hershey's Kisses beside the front door. Soon she heard the first cries of "Trick or treat!" 

She loved seeing the little ones dressed up in their costumes. Fairy princesses and wild animals and witches and goblins and ghosts. The store bought costumes were cute enough but she always made sure to reward the homemade hobgoblins with an extra candy bar or two. For the better part of an hour she kept her door open greeting the kids avidly.

"What do you say, Meaghan?" called out a father's stern voice as his little Lilo-costumed girl scampered from Heather's porch.

Turning around the little girl sang out, "Thank yooou!"

"You're welcome sweetie!" Heather called out with a giggle.

"And thank you!" said the father, his face showing a pleased grin.

Heather realized that he must have been checking her out and laughed, feeling a rush of excitement knowing that she just might have made his evening. She straightened her top and smoothed out her skirt and prepared to greet the next group of kids. After the first hour, the little ones began to disappear and she answered the door only to see a handful of leering teenaged boys in very minimal costumes. They were sort of cute so Heather did her best sexy witch act, making sure to lean over a little more than necessary to show off her curves. They went off laughing and smacking each other on the arm.

"See! I told you she was major hot!" she heard one of them say, his voice sounding like that of the next-door neighbor boy.

"Hmm, maybe in a couple of years, he'd be old enough for me," she said to herself, then laughed and closed the door.

As the Halloween visitors became fewer and farther in between, Heather called a few friends to see what was going on only. She got a couple of answering machines. A couple others were staying home since they had to work early in the morning. She felt restless, wanting to do something. There had to be something that she could find to entertain herself tonight. Then she remembered that O'Toole's pub always had a fun Halloween party with cheap drinks and decided that would be the best choice. Maybe that's where Nicole and Lizzie were. She sat for a few moments, slumping into the soft leather of her couch, and her eyes closed as she thought about what the rest of the evening might bring.

After deciding to go outside and snuff out the candles in the jack o'lanterns, Heather realized how nice the evening was, not really warm, but not chilly at all. So she went inside, slipped on her black leather jacket and decided to go for a walk. The moon was nearly full as she wandered through her modest middle class neighborhood. Heather enjoyed seeing the tame and outrageous decorations on the lawns and porches around her neighborhood as she walked through the nearly empty streets. With only a slight wind to accompany the clack of her leather boots on the sidewalk, she wandered along aimlessly, lost in thoughts of ghosts and vampires and sleazy horror movies.

Suddenly Heather realized that she had walked farther that she thought, all the way to the main road. She looked both ways and saw that she wasn't far from the old cemetery that she and Kevin had visited a few nights before. She thought about that evening and bit her lip. She remembered the scintillating hot sex and the lingering sensations it had brought. A shiver tingled down her spine and she began to walk in that direction. How creepy is this, visiting a graveyard on Halloween? The tingles didn't stop as she continued to walk along. Maybe this isn't too smart, going by myself, she thought. But who's going to hurt me? It's not like there's anybody lurking around there or anything. Beside, her kickboxing lessons had given her an edge of confidence in case some actual creep was skulking about.
