 It was Friday! A few errands had delayed Tom's leaving Casper, Wyoming and heading for Wendover, Nevada and a hot weekend of sex, fun, gambling, and more sex in the Casinos with Brenda, a lady friend he had known for years. This was going to be a long weekend. He had taken Monday and Tuesday off too, just to make sure he had enough time with Brenda. They had been meeting there in February for the last few years. Tom intended to get there a day early this year and get a little gambling in ahead of time and more than anything, get out of town and way from his job and other hassles.

Unfortunately the few last minute errands had taken longer than expected. Now it was going to be very late by the time he got to Wendover. There was also the small matter of a winter storm that was rolling in from the west. He was still hoping to get to Wendover before the driving conditions got too bad, but this late start was making that look more and more like wishful thinking. He had made pretty good time between Casper and Rawlins in spite of the road not being a freeway. There were a few flakes of snow in the air already and the sky was getting darker. Tom was about to take the on ramp onto Interstate 80 when he saw an attractive woman standing by the road trying to hitch a ride. She looked cold and miserable standing there with her suitcase and her thumb in the air. The cars ahead of him had passes her by. Tom decided to stop for her. Normally he wouldn't stop for a hitchhiker, but she simply looked too pathetic to just leave there. Besides, he was a real sucker when it came to good looking women.

He rolled down the passenger's side window as she approached the car. "I'm going as far as Wendover if I make it that far in this weather." he told her.

"I'm going to California." she said, but I'll take you up on a ride that far anyway."

"Okay," he said, "why don't you just put your suitcase on the back seat?"

"Thanks." She opened the rear door and put her suitcase on the seat and then got in the front. "Thanks for the ride." she said as he started up the ramp and onto the freeway.

"I'm Tom." he said.

"Nice to meet you Tom, I'm Sabrina."

"Nice to meet you too Sabrina. I'm trying to make Wendover before this storm makes driving impossible. Keep your fingers crossed that it doesn't get too bad.

"It doesn't look too good. I guess I picked a bad day to travel."

"So you are going to California huh? Do you live out there?"

"No, I'm from Lamont, just back up the road a piece. I'm moving out to California to stay with a cousin until I can get a job and get my own place. She lives in San Diego. And thanks for stopping for me. I was freezing my butt off out there."

"You looked pretty miserable standing there. What made you decide to move out to California?"

"Have you ever been to Lamont?" she asked.

"Well, yea. I drove through it on my way from Casper."

"Apparently you didn't blink then. It is a very small town and I was going nowhere there. I was waiting tables at a restaurant and sharing a trailer with another girl who also worked in the same restaurant. I just had to get out. I called my cousin in San Diego and asked her if I could come and stay with her until I found a job and could get my own place. She said she didn't have a spare bedroom but I could sleep on the couch if I was desperate enough; I am."

"You are moving and all you have is one suitcase?"

"That gives you an idea of just how bad things were getting."

The snow continued to fall as he drove and talked to Sabrina. By the time they got to Rock Springs the snow was sticking to the road and the road was beginning to get slick. He had to slow down and he knew that it was going to take a lot longer to get to Wendover; if he made it there tonight at all. As they came out of the tunnels just west of Green River, there were two trucks in the ditch, apparently having jack-knifed on the slick road.

"I don't think I am going to make Wendover tonight." he told her. "It's getting dark and all this snow is making driving much more tonight a very risky venture. Going over the Wasatch Mountains in this wouldn't be a bright idea. I think I am going to bag it for the day and get a room in Little America."

"It looks pretty bad out there." she said with a very disappointed voice. "I guess I will just hole up in the coffee shop there and wait for morning. I can't begin to afford a room."

"Look, I know we have only known each other for all of two hours, but if you want, you can share the room with me. No strings attached. I'll even buy you dinner. Most of those rooms have two beds in them. You can even have your own bed." She was cute and he hoped she would take him up on the offer. It would sure beat spending the time alone with nothing but a television and a Gideon's Bible!

"No strings huh?"

"Nope. None at all. I'll even make sure I get a room with two beds in it. Uh that is, if they have any. If they don't I guess what you do will be up to you. I don't know how you would feel about sharing a bed with a man you have only known for all of two hours, but we can cross that bridge if we come to it."

"Well," Sabrina said with a sigh, "that would be very nice. I do kinda like you and it was very nice of you to give me a ride. I would hate to impose on you. Are you sure you wouldn't mind?"

"Nope, not at all. Let's just hope they have rooms." he said as they pulled into Little America. Stopping here seemed to be a popular idea. There were a large number of cars in the parking lot.

Tom went into the hotel lobby and checked on a room for the night. They were filling up fast. The clerk was very sorry, but they had no rooms left with two twin beds. All they had was two left with single king-sized beds. Tom got one of those rooms before they disappeared.

"Good news and bad news." he told her as he got back to the car. "The good news is that I got a room. If we had been another five minutes getting here we would both be holed up in the coffee shop."

"And the bad news is that there is only one bed right?"

"You got it. I'm sorry. There were only two rooms left and that's what they came with." She might have considered that bad news. At the moment he didn't. Sharing a bed with a good looking woman didn't strike him as a bad thing. He just hoped she was willing to go for it. He held his breath as she hesitated before she answered.

"That's okay," she finally said, "at least we got a room. The bad news could have been worse I guess." she said with a smile.

"Yea, we could have both been stuck in the coffee shop tonight." Tom got in the car and drove around to the room. They got their suitcases out of the car and went in to see the room.

"So, are we Mr. and Mrs. something?" she asked as she plopped her bottom down on the bed.

"Nah, they don't ask that any longer. It's just my name and it says it is a party of two."

"Really?" Sabrina grinned, "Is this going to be a party?"

"I guess it can be what ever we want to make it." It was a very non-committal answer. He wasn't sure what to make of her last question. He would like to read wild sex orgy into it, but didn't really dare to think that was the case. Seeing her in a teddy or a short nighty was about the best he could really hope for.

"We might as well have a little fun while we are here." she said slipping out of her jacket.

Tom now got a better look at the woman he had just invited to spend the night with him. She had on a tight fitting T-shirt and tight jeans. She had a very hot looking body. She was slender, her tits were, buy his guess, a B-cup and she had a nice looking ass on her. All of which had been hidden by her jacket. He thought he could see a panty line on the jeans, and she looked to have a sexy demi-bra on. She got up and started fiddling with the television set, flipping through the channels to see what was on. She didn't seem to be having any luck finding something that interested her. He admired her great looking ass while she bent over playing with the television's tuner. Her jeans were skin tight and he felt himself getting hard just looking at her ass. He shifted his growing cock to a more comfortable position in his pants. Any guy who got into those pants was one luck guy. On the other hand, being from the sticks, he had to wonder how much she knew about sex. "How about we go and get something to eat?" he finally asked her. "Can I take out to dinner here?"

"Sure." Sabrina said with a smile as she turned off the television. "I'm starving. I haven't had anything to eat since breakfast."

They went to the dining room and ordered dinner. Tom was hungry, but Sabrina must have been starving. She cleaned her plate and was done quite a bit before Tom was. "Want desert?" he asked.

"Oh, no thanks. You have spent enough on me and you hardly even know me."

"No problem if you want it. If you are still hungry, get something. I was going to blow a hundred bucks at a casino tonight and probably have nothing whatever to show for it. If you want something to eat, get it."

Sabrina changed her mind and had a piece of pie. It disappeared in nothing flat too.

After dinner they went to the lounge and had a few drinks as they talked. When they got back to the room, Tom stood looking out the window. "I hope this is a fast moving storm and blows over by morning." he said after staring out the window for some time.

"It's nice and warm in here and the weather channel said it would. No point in worrying about it now. Why don't you come over here and lay here next to me and watch TV for a little while?"

He decided she was right. It was warm in here and there was no point in worrying about what this snow storm was going to be doing eight hours or more from now. He might as well enjoy being with her and forget about the weather. He turned from the window and was surprised to find her laying on the bed in nothing but her very skimpy undies watching TV. All she had on was a very skimpy demi-bra and very french cut panties.

"Surprise!" Sabrina said with a smile. "I thought I would take your mind off the weather for at least a little while."

"You did that alright. Looks like I am a little over dressed." He was having a hard time taking his eyes off her. She looked even better than he imagined she did.

"You are, so what are you going to do about it?"

He laughed. "Take my clothes off. I don't wear underwear, so you are going to have to settle for me in the buff."

"Now that will be a real hardship." Sabrina said as she propped herself up on one elbow to get a better look while he got undressed. "It might save me from having to rip them off you later."

Tom took off his shirt then his pants. As his pants started down his legs his now very hard cock sprang free.

"Now that looks like a real pleaser." Sabrina said looking at his cock.

It was just an averaged sized one, but he was happy to know that she liked it. He got the pants off and then the shoes and socks. Naked, he crawled over the bed to her. "Now look who's a little over dressed."

"So what are you going to do about it?" she asked him without moving.

He put his hand on her shoulder and pushed her over onto her back. "I guess I will just have to get these extra things off."

She giggled. "Maybe I made it too easy for you. Maybe I should have stayed dressed and let you take all of my clothes off."

"I'll settle for these." he said as he undid the clasp on the front of her bra and slowly pealed the cups of the bra off her breasts. She had nice firm breasts, small dark areolas and long sexy nipples.

"Do you like them Tom?" Sabrina asked quietly as he gazed at them.

"Oh yea." he almost whispered. "They are beautiful! You really have a very sexy body Sabrina, very sexy." He leaned over her and kissed one of her nipples and then sucked it into his mouth. A soft moan escaped from her lips as he drew the sexy nipple further into his mouth. His hand went to the other nipple and he began to gently pinch and pull on it.

"You really know how to make them feel good." she whispered. "So very good." Her hand went to his and squeezed his letting him know that he was being too gentle with the nipple. "You don't have to be quite so gentle. A little harder feels better."

Tom let the one nipple slip out of his mouth and kissed his way across her chest to the nipple his fingers were playing with. He let go of it and began to suck on that one. His hand slid down her soft sexy body to the top of her undies and slipped under the waist band. He was surprised to find a lack of hair there. She shaved! He felt his cock twitch as he made this discovery. He also felt her soft warm hand wrap itself around his cock a few seconds later.

"It's nice to know I turn you on so much." she said as she started to move her hand up and down his cock.

He let her nipple slip from his mouth. "I have to see this." he said moving down her body. "I have never been with a woman who shaved." Tom slowly pulled Sabrina's panties down from her hips and let them slowly uncover her naked pussy. Sabrina raised her bottom up off the bed a little so he could slip the panties over her ass and then down her legs. When he had them off her, he tossed them off the bed .

"Do you like it all nice and hairless like that?"

"Fabulous!" he said softly as she spread her legs a little, giving him a better view of her down there.

"Want to eat me?" she asked.

"I'd love to." Tom said as he started to move down between her legs.

"Not that way." Sabrina said. "Lay on your back and I will sit on your face."

Tom wasn't sure he was still alive and on earth. He rolled over onto his back and lay there while Sabrina got up on her knees and moved over him. She put one knee on each side of his head and above it, and then moved around a little more until she could lower her bottom right over his mouth. "Now eat me." she said looking down at him.

Tom was now looking up at Sabrina's sexy body as she had her pussy right over his mouth. He reached up with this hands and took hold of her bottom as his tongue parted her puffy outer sex lips. She smelled very erotic and she tasted sweet and fresh. She was also very wet. His tongue found her erect clit and began slowly licking it.

"Oh yea,......that's the spot." she moaned and closed her eyes for a few seconds. Her hands went to her breasts and began pinching, twisting, and pulling on her erect nipples as his tongues did its magic on her clit.

Tom continued to stroke her clit with his tongue, but also ran it up and down between the soft delicate inner lips and probed at her opening. She pushed her bottom down on his face when he did that, trying to get more of his tongue inside her. He could tell she wasn't too far from coming now, and started devoting all of his attention to her swollen clit.

"Oh keep it up baby and I will come for you. I will come all over that sweet tongue of yours if you keep that up just a little longer."

He wasn't about to quit. He took a firm grip on her ass cheeks and began moving his tongue over her clit as fast as he could.

A few seconds later she went over the edge. "Oh.....oh baby....that's it... I'm gonna come.....I'm coming! Oh YES!" she moaned loudly. 

Tom hoped the people in the next room couldn't hear her, but if they did, well, they could just eat their hearts out. He was in bed with a great looking woman and having the time of his life in the middle of a snowstorm. Her bottom was now pressing hard against his face and his hands were doing more to keep her off his face enough so he could breathe more than anything else. He kept on licking her coming clit as she gushed all over his face. She really got wet when she got off. As the climax began to ebb, he stopped licking her clit and licked between the soft inner lips and tasted her come. This really was a very erotic way to eat a woman. He knew he had a raging hard-on now and was dying to get it into her.

Sabrina had finally had enough of his tongue and flopped over on her side on the bed. "That was great." she said. "Now let me see if I can make you feel that good."

"Right now I would just love to be inside you." he protested.

"What's the rush? It isn't like we can go anywhere. Just lay back and let me make you feel really good." She got up on her hands and knees and moved around until she was between his legs with her head over his hard cock. She picked it up off his stomach and looked at it like a woman savoring a real delicacy. She tongue came out and ran around the head once then stopped. She looked at it again and then licked up the drop of pre-come that had leaked out of the hole in the head. "Looks like you are getting all nice and excited for me." Sabrina said just before the head and half the shaft of his cock disappeared into her hot wet mouth.

Tom moaned as his cock went into her mouth. He pulled a pillow under his head so he could just lay back and watch her. She was very sexy and really knew how to blow a guy. Her head started going up and down on his cock now, and he felt her taking more of it into her mouth each time. Before long she was taking the whole thing into her mouth and part way down her throat. He had no idea how she was doing that without choking herself half to death, but it damn sure felt good. She had him getting ready to come in her mouth in no time. He felt compelled to warn her. "You are going to make me come if you keep that up." he said, hoping that she would keep right on going.

She let his cock slip out of her mouth and said "I know this is a bit of a disappointment, but while I would love to have you come in my mouth, I can't swallow it. It really upsets my stomach. If it's okay I will just let it run out of my mouth. I would really like to suck you off and do that."

"That's fine. I don't want to make you sick after all. You really know how to do that well."

"Good!" she said and put his cock back into her mouth. Her hand was now very gently massaging his balls, encouraging him to give her all he had. She didn't have to wait long.

"Oh God....I'm going to come." he moaned. He watched her head going up and down on his cock a few more times and then he let go. He groaned as the first load of his come shot up his cock and into her waiting mouth. The first one was followed by what seemed to him like and endless stream. She kept her tongue working of the sensitive underside of his cockhead as she shot into her mouth and while one hand still massaged his balls, the other hand now moved up and down his cock shaft. A few seconds later he could feel his come running out of her mouth and down the shaft. Her hand never slowed down as his come started to run over it. After he had giver her his last squirt of come, she licked around the head once, looked up at him, and smiled. "Feel good?" she asked as she wiped the come off her chin with her hand. She was still moving her other hand up and down his come covered cock, sliding her first finger over the head as her hand got to the top.

"For a girl out of some little hick town in the sticks, you sure know a hell of a lot about sex."

"City girls aren't the only ones who know how to fuck." Sabrina said with a grin. "Just lay here and relax. I'll get this mess cleaned up." She got up and went into the bathroom and got a hot wash cloth. She sat next to him on the bed and wiped his cock off. "Are you about ready for round two?"

"Oh, I can't wait." Tom's cock had been going soft, but watching her walk around nude and knowing that he was finally going to get inside her was already getting him hard again. He got up, went to his suitcase and got a condom out of it. He slipped it on as he lay back down on the bed.

Sabrina tossed the wash cloth on the floor. "What's your favorite position?" she asked him as she started to stroke his cock again.

"I like the girl on top. Especially if she feels like sitting up."
