 I was alone and lonely, but not defeated. I had fled New Orleans as Hurricane Katrina approached, driving north on I-55 until I found an available motel room north of Jackson, Mississippi. I spent five days there, which the Red Cross was good enough to pick up the bill for, saving my meager resources. On the morning of the fifth day I learned that my apartment in New Orleans had been totally destroyed, that I no longer had a job, and that it would be a long time before I could even return to the city. I had nothing but the few clothes I had brought along, my checkbook to draw on the few hundred dollars I had in the bank, and a couple of credit cards.

Fate, however, shone brightly on me that day. I called several friends in other parts of the country to see if there might be a chance of a job, even a temporary one. On the third call, to a pal with whom I went to college back in the '90s, I hit pay dirt. He managed a bar and restaurant now in suburban Chicago and he guaranteed me that another waitress with my looks would be just what he could use there. He was not just flattering me. I am 5 foot, 10 inches of pure delight to look at, with curves in all the right places, an angelic face with dark black locks falling to my shoulders, prominent firm breasts that call attention to my curvy, sexy body, and an ass that wiggles when I walk and causes men's cocks to rise quickly to hard, stiff erections. The thought of a hard, stiff cock reminded me that I hadn't had one for more than a week and my pussy twitched with a horny appeal for attention.

But I wasted no more time in this crummy motel. I checked out before the noon deadline and was soon heading north on I-55 in my bright red Mazda Protegé. I grabbed a stale turkey sandwich when I stopped for gas outside of Canton and this served as lunch, washed down with a diet Lemonade. It was at least better than the "continental" breakfast the motel had provided.

As I pulled away from the gas station toward the entry ramp to the Interstate, I noticed a good-looking young man–he couldn't have been more than 20–standing by the road with his thumb out. He looked a little forlorn, but otherwise nice enough, so I pulled over and beckoned him to join me. He ran to the car eagerly, tossed his small bag into the back seat, and got into the car on the passenger side.

"Hi," I said. "Where ya goin'?" 

"Milwaukee," the lad responded. "How about you?"

"Only to Chicago, but you're welcome to come that far with me."

As I accelerated back into the northbound I-55 traffic, we chatted about our experience with Hurricane Katrina. His name was Billy and during the storm he had remained in New Orleans, where he was a Tulane student, but flood waters had forced him to flee and he was hitchhiking his way northward to his home in Wisconsin.

I liked his looks. His slender body appeared to have a wiry toughness. His rumpled brown hair was cute, and his blue eyes twinkled when he looked at me. I immediately was attracted to him and began to imagine him in bed with his face buried in my pussy while I sucked his hard, stiff cock. Such naughty thoughts were inappropriate, I knew, but I couldn't help feeling that his sudden appearance was a gift that I mustn't waste.

I purposely let my skirt ride up my thigh so he could see my beautiful curvy legs. I was wearing no bra under my tee-shirt and my stiff nipples pressed obviously through the thin cloth. I was openly seductive, and by the time we reached Grenada we were on friendly terms. I smiled at him and said, "This damn hurricane has really upset my sex life. How about yours?"

Billy blushed and stammered, "Oh, well, I don't know about that. I didn't have much sex life to begin with." 

I wondered if I had stumbled onto a virgin lad. Perhaps I would get to teach him a trick or two. "That's hard to believe," I answered. "A beautiful hunk of man like you? I would think your cock would be in high demand."

The boy laughed nervously. "Well, I haven't had much time for that with my studies, you know." I noticed, however, that a bulge was rising in his lap. "I just don't get many chances, you might say."

"Well, Billy, maybe this is your lucky day, 'cause I am about as horny as I have ever been." I looked at him square in the eyes and smiled broadly. "You know what I would love right now?"

"No, what?"

"Billy boy, I would just love for you to pull that stiff cock out of your pants and let me see it." As I said that I reached over and tapped my fingers on the hard bulge that was so obvious. Billy looked at me incredulously, as if he could not imagine such a gross thing to do. I smiled again and said, "Oh c'mon, Billy, let me see your cock. I won't touch it if you don't want me to. I just want to see what it looks like. I think men's cocks are so great! C'mon. Please," I wheedled.

I had to keep at least one eye on the highway, but fortunately the traffic wasn't heavy. Billy was softening and I knew he was grateful for the ride. "C'mon, Billy," I said again, " it won't hurt anything just to show me your big, stiff cock. Take it out."

The lad fingered his fly and began to draw the zipper downward. I looked down at his lap but saw nothing but his white undershorts. "Take it out, NOW!" I demanded in a strident voice. His hand went into his fly and out it came. It was beautiful. Tall and straight, perhaps a good seven inches. His pink cockhead was round and smooth and looked ever so yummy. A bright pink circumcision corona topped a handsome shaft with strong purple veins protruding that I knew would feel divine rubbing against the walls of my cunt.

"Oh, Billy, that's is wonderful. You have such a beautiful cock, you shouldn't keep it penned up like that." I reached over and grabbed hold of it, my fingers closing around the shaft just below the cockhead. His cock was not especially thick, but my fingers would not close all the way around it. I jerked it up and down several times, squeezing it slightly as I felt the outer skin of Billy's penis riding over the hard, stiff interior boner. He moaned with pleasure as my index finger and thumb brushed the corona of his circumcision. As I stroked him I could feel his cock throb and get even bigger. I kept my eyes on the highway most of the time, but kept stroking his cock and occasionally turned to see the dreamy look of pleasure on Billy's face.

Suddenly, I stopped masturbating him. "Pull you pants down completely, Billy, I can't get at your balls this way," I told him. Alarmed that I had stopped giving him more pleasure than he had felt in some time, he complied, raising himself in the seat and pushing his pants down around his ankles. I immediately took my hand off his shaft and reached down between his thighs and cupped his ball sack. I could easily feel two enormous testicles that told me this was a male specimen that needed badly to be milked. Each was at the very least the size of a golf ball. I caressed them gently and licked my own lips at the same time, wondering if I would get to suck them into my mouth at some point later this evening. "Oh, Billy, you have enormous balls. I am going to make you cum and relieve some of that pressure for you."

I moved my free hand back to his shaft, still hard and stiff. He sighed with relief as I began to jerk the loose skin up and down over his firm rod. "Oh, Gawd, yes. That's good," he whispered. I jerked faster and faster and I could feel the heat rising in his stiff cock. I knew he would cum soon, and I knew it would not be the last time today. He was now bucking his hips forward in rhythm with my stroking of his cock. He was eager and out of control. "Yes, Yes," he whelped. "Don't stop. Make me CUM. Make me CUM, Cinnamon," he pleaded. I knew a little lubricant over his cockhead would make him cum faster, but I was in no hurry. I just kept jerking the dry penis until a little fluid oozed from its tip, followed by a huge ejaculation, as he screamed with the pleasure of his ejaculation. His first spurt hit the windshield and ran down it to the dashboard in a big dribble. The next spurt landed on the dashboard, and several more spurts from his cock ran down over my fingers. 

I stopped jerking him off and lifted my hand to my face, licking his sperm off my fingers with delight, enjoying the sticky, salty taste of his cum. "You taste good, Billy Big Balls. I'm gonna want more of you." He had slumped in his seat and his head lolled back with a satisfied grin. His cock had gone slack. He was the picture of the satisfied American male, cum and gone.

I let him rest for a bit before demanding my recompense. He had opened his eyes and looked at me sheepishly as he pulled up his pants and restored his limp cock to its underpants. I reached over and grabbed his left hand and pulled it up under my tee shirt until it found a breast. My nipples were stiff and welcomed his touch. "Pinch them, Billy. Make them feel good, too." His hand roamed over the breast and his index finger and thumb closed on a nipple, pinching it, kneading it, sending vibrations of pleasure out through my abdomen. "More, Billy. Rub my tits and make me hot. Make me cum like you did. Use both hands. Both tits. Do it now, Billy Big Balls." He turned his whole body toward me and both hands took hold of my breasts and rubbed and tweaked and kneaded the nipples and made me feel wonderful. "Yes, Billy, Oh Yes." Now kiss my ear and fuck it with your tongue." He obeyed dutifully. I could sense that he was now my sex slave and would do whatever I asked of him. His tongue darted in and out of my ear as his fingers twisted and pinched at my nipples. I could feel the pleasure reaching out now all the way to my pussy. It was becoming wet and I could feel the cum rising deep within me. I knew he could bring me to an orgasm with attention to my breasts alone. "Oh Yes, Billy, that's it. Now suck on one of my tits and squeeze the other." He pulled up my tee shirt and closed his mouth over the breast. It felt oh so good. "Bite it, Billy, bite my nipple." Billy complied and sent ripples of electricity throughout my body as he chewed on my tit. I was close to cumming and I struggled to pay attention to my speeding car as my body convulsed with pleasure and my pussy oozed juices that ran out along my thigh. "Oooooooooohhhhhhhhhhh," I screamed as the orgasm overtook me. "Hold the wheel, Billy." I nearly passed out, but came to quickly. Billy had kept us from going off the road. 

"That was so nice, Billy Big Balls," I said after regaining my composure. "You have a lovely touch. But I want more of your cock, you know." Billy said nothing, but I knew I had seduced him and that he would be mine throughout this night. I asked him if he could take over the driving. He agreed, so I pulled into the next gas station. 

After relieving myself in the rest room and filling our tank Billy took the wheel and steered the Mazda back up the ramp onto I-55 headed toward Memphis. I snuggled closer to him as soon as he was up to highway speed and kissed him on the neck, letting my tongue lick along his cheek. I whispered into his ear, "I really did love that cock of yours, Big Balls. It turns me on." Billy grinned now and I reached down between his thighs and found that his cock was hard again. "Oh, lovely," I squealed, and then added, "Let's let this thing out to play." I zipped open his fly and this time the handsome cock jumped right out, standing up straight between his belt buckle and the steering wheel. It looked so good.

I lowered my head over his splendid penis and ran my tongue around the cockhead. He moaned with joy and I felt him push my head lower with one hand. "You keep your eye on the road, Billy. I'll eat your red meat here." I pulled his pants down a little so I could get hold of his big balls. I ran my fingers over them and up and down his shaft as I gently sucked the head of his cock. I could feel the penis growing as I teased it into a hard, stiff fucker. My lips closed over the cockhead as my fingers held the shaft just above the balls. What a monster cock it was now. I ran my tongue gently around the head, especially on the underside and along the corona, all the while sucking on it and gently moving my fingers on it up and down. I twisted my mouth from side to side, circling his cockhead and moving my tongue down along his shaft. My fingers began to wank him more easily as they were lubricated by my saliva running down his shaft.

Now I pushed my lips further down the shaft, letting him push his penis deep into my mouth. I am an expert deep-throat cocksucker and I loved the feel of the big shaft penetrating deep into my throat. He was pushing his pelvis upward, fucking my mouth, moaning with pleasure. The car slowed a little as he shared his concentration on driving with getting the best blowjob of his life. I could feel his stiff veins along the walls of my mouth as I occasionally pulled my lips back up to his cockhead and caught my breath. I kept my fingers on his big, tight balls, fondling and squeezing them ever so gently, encouraging him to shoot his cum into my mouth.

I could tell he was close to cumming again. I pumped my mouth up and down rapidly over his shaft and then let him ram it up deeply into my throat and hold it there. This was a blowjob he would never forget. I felt his cock throb heavily as the hot cum surged upward through the shaft and into my throat, flowing easily on down into my belly. Once, twice, thrice, and on the fourth spurt I pulled up my mouth and let the salty cream cum shoot over my tongue. Cum was still oozing from the tip of his red cock as I lifted my mouth off the now flaccid shaft. I licked it carefully, and gave it a few more affectionate sucks around the head, getting every last drop of his semen before finally rising back upright in my seat. Billy's eyes were glazed over and his faced glowed with pleasure as he hurtled the car toward Memphis.

As Billy Big Balls drove through Memphis I tried not to distract him too much from driving. The traffic was heavier than it had been so I concentrated on my own sexual amusement rather than his. I slipped my skirt up around my waist, revealing no panties. I spread my long, slender legs apart so that my pussy was in full view. Then I licked my fingers and ran them along the slit of my cunt. They were already juicy from the excitement I had felt as I sucked Billy's luscious cock. I pulled the labia apart and probed my pink love hole with a finger from each hand, finger fucking and caressing the inner walls of my cunt, reaching back along the roof of my vagina, searching for the G-spot. Billy couldn't help but watch me masturbate and his cock, which was still hanging out of pants, began to rise sharply to attention again, as if to get a better view of my self gratification. I ignored his cock now, however, and concentrated on stimulating my sweet pussy. It felt very good. My fingers gradually worked upward in the juicy cunt to find my clitoris, now swelling and juicy too. Ooooh, it felt so good as I touched my clit gently, caressing it tenderly and feeling the hot vibrations of erotic pleasure course throughout my body. I kept it up, closing my eyes and not noticing that Billy had one hand around the shaft of his cock, rubbing it up and down. I was totally self-centered now as I massaged my wet clit with one hand and finger fucked my pink hole with the other. Gawd it felt so nice! I kept it up, moaning and squealing with delight as I approached an ecstatic orgasm. Oh YES, it was sooooooo gooood.

Then I came. Oozing juice and feeling the contractions from my womb running through me over and over again. I continued to rub my cunt gently as I came down off this lovely high just as we crossed over the Mississippi River. Billy was still holding his stiff cock, but it had not cum again and now he was having to concentrate on the heavy traffic heading west out of Memphis.

As we came to West Memphis, I said to Billy, " Put your cock away, Billy, and pull into that motel down there. We'll spend the night here and you can use that thing to fuck me to sleep. Would you like that?"

"Yes, Ma'am," the lanky lad responded and steered the car toward the Best Western just ahead. He pulled into the space in front of the lobby and I went inside and used my credit card to get us a room with a King Sized bed. Billy then drove us around to the back of the motel where we found the room easily.

Inside our room, I immediately peeled off my tee shirt revealing my firm, uplifted breasts that Billy had already pleasured for me earlier in the day. "I'm going to take a shower now, Billy," I told him as I slipped out of my skirt and kicked off my tennis shoes. You can join me or wait 'til I finish. I felt his admiring gaze on my naked beauty as I walked into the bathroom. I had barely stepped into the tub and adjusted the shower flow to a gentle warm stream when a naked Billy joined me. "Oh Big Balls, I'm so glad you're here to scrub me down all over." I handed him the bar of soap and told him to wash me everywhere. 

Billy was obedient if nothing else. He rubbed the soap gently over my back and shoulders to begin with, and then his hands began to rub my breasts with the soapy suds flowing down my body into the tub. His hands roamed down across my abdomen and around my waist and hips. I moved my face into his and pressed my lips against his mouth, slipping my tongue between his lips and french kissing him repeatedly until his own tongue reciprocated and explored my own oral cavity. I could feel his hot stiff cock against my thigh as his hand began to rub my pussy and the other hand closed around my ass, running the soapy bar up my ass crack and probing my anus with his finger. My fingers closed around his hard cock even as we continued to french kiss. His fingers had now found my slit and were probing inside as the water continued to drench us.

"Does it feel good, Billy? Do you like my pussy?"

"Oh yes, Cinnamon. I like your pussy," the lad replied.

"Oh good, then you should eat it." I pulled downward on his cock and with the other hand pushed downward on his shoulders, forcing him into a kneeling position in the tub, with his face directly in front of my eager pussy. "Eat me now, Billy Big Balls. Eat my pussy." I thrust my pussy forward, over and into his face and now put my hands behind his head and pulled him by his ears up into my love box. "Tongue me, Billy, fuck me with your tongue," I pleaded.

I don't think Billy had ever eaten a live pussy before, for he was a little clumsy and tentative, but I gave him no choice and soon I could feel his tongue reaching into my juicy cunt, licking me and sucking on the labia and pushing as deep as he could into my pink hole. He had his hands on my ass cheeks now and was squeezing them gingerly as his mouth worked over my hot cunt. 

"Oh yes, Billy, that's good. Keep sucking. Keep licking me there. Eat me. Eat me. Don't stop, baby. I love this." I knew my juices were running now and I was sure their taste was making Billy all the more ardent in his cunt sucking. I wanted him to move upward to my clit now, so I reached down and slipped my fingers under his chin, coaxing his mouth upward. "Find my button, lover," I told him, "Kiss my clit, suck my clit, make me cum." He seemed to get the idea easily, and as his tongue found my magic button I felt waves of pleasure roll through my whole body. He sucked the clit in between his teeth and continued to whip it with his tongue, sending me into pure ecstasy. I had an enormous orgasm right there and then, as he continued to suck on my cunt and squeeze my ass. I fell to my own knees with him and then he fell back and I was on top of him with my mouth near his still very stiff cock. I closed my mouth over it and sucked on it gently in a little thank you blowjob for just a minute or two as the water continued to spray over our naked bodies. 
