 I woke up thinking of sex and wishing I could get laid. I jacked off in the shower, but even that did not satisfy me this morning. I got dressed and left for work. As usual, I stopped in a local gas station to pick up a diet coke. 

As I turned onto the entrance ramp to the highway, I spotted a young woman, or rather she looked like a girl, holding out her thumb, looking for a ride. I usually do not pickup hitchhikers, but this girl looked innocent enough. She was about 5'3", short brown hair in a bob, not too skinny, with smallish breasts, I guessed around a B cup, and these stunning brown puppy dog eyes. She was wearing a light blue spaghetti strapped sun dress, and looked to be braless. She had no belongings and looked very tired.

I pulled over, "need a lift," I shouted as I lowered the passenger side window. 

"Yeah, I am headed back to MSU, how far are you going," she replied. 

"Lansing," I stated, "I can take you right to campus." She climbed in. We started making small talk. Kim was a freshman and had come down with her now ex boyfriend to spend the night at his home and meet his folks, so he had said. When she arrived, his folks were out of town and he basically wanted her to go all the way. She was a virgin and refused, storming out of the house in the middle of the night in a huge fight. Now she was alone, and refused to ask him for a ride back to campus. She opened up so much about their relationship and was so honest and forthright, by the time we reached the turn for I-96, she was crying and asking me, a total stranger, for advice on her life. She had become an emotional wreck and her exhaustion was not helping.

I needed to comfort her, but words alone did not do the trick. "Why don't we pull over for some coffee, I think you need to relax. " I pulled off at Brighton and went to Starbucks. While sipping lattes, I made a move and just held her tight to my shoulder. We stared into each others eyes for what seemed like the longest time. She tentatively kissed me on the lips. 

"Can I confess something," she blurted out. 

"Sure," I replied. 

"You remind me so much of my father." 

Talk about a downer, any sexual thoughts I had quickly evaporated and my dick felt like a balloon from which the air had been let out. 

"Oh," I replied. 

"I always had this sick fantasy about my father." 

Now I was really confused. 

"You have been so kind to me, I really want to repay you in a special way. 

"Kim, you are confused, angry, and tired, do you know what you are saying" I replied. 

"Yes, I know, but I want to." 

"Let me rephrase that, do you understand what I think you are saying." 

She pulled me closer, placed a hand on my crotch and kissed me, passionately, with tongue this time. When she pulled away, she asked me to drive her to school, "my roommate will be in class until at least three o'clock."

We got back into the car and resumed our drive. She began fondling me and eventually removed my aching cock from my pants. I could not stand it any longer. "Kim, there is a hotel just up the highway, would you like to pull over and get a room." 

"Please," she responded. 

Having never done anything like this, it seemed really weird checking into a hotel as Mr. and Mrs. Smith and paying cash. The desk clerk gave me a knowing look. Obviously we were not the first to do something like this.

We went up to the room. Kim told me to get ready while she used the bathroom. I heard the shower run, while I just lay on the bed. Soon she came out, dripping wet. Her small breasts firmly jutting from her milky white skin. 

"You aren't undressed, silly," she said. 

"I was waiting for you," I replied. 

She quickly undressed me and then stopped. She looked at me seriously, "there are a few ground rules you need to know," she said, "first, I just broke up with a guy because my virginity means something to me, so no matter how much I beg, please do not fuck me, and B, to really make this work for me, call me baby and I need to call you daddy, OK daddy." 

I tried to reply, but her tongue was in my mouth so fast and she was pushing me down on the bed. We make out for what seemed like forever, our hands exploring each others body. 

"Daddy, I want to suck on your thingy," she suddenly blurted out, "move over to that chair." 

I sat in the lounge chair in the room, while she knelt between my legs, insisting that I keep my hands behind my neck. I struggled not to touch her as she expertly licked my shaft, she had obviously done this before. She moved down to my balls, and slowly sucked each one in turn. 

"Please, don't cum in my mouth," she asked, as she came up for air. She resumed sucking my dick, she could not, or would not deep throat me, concentrating on pleasing my head with her tongue and teeth. 

I was ready to explode, so I warned her. She clamped her hand down on my dick and pulled me back to the bed. 

"Cum on my titties." 

I started titty fucking her and came all over her breasts and chin. She slowly rubbed it into her skin, it was quite erotic.

"Now, it is your turn to please me," she said, as she lie back on the bed and placed her hands behind her neck. 

I started with her breasts, cleaning them with my tongue. She commented how I was the first guy she ever had who was willing to clean up after himself that way. As I sucked on her nipples, she began to squirm. 

"Oh, they are so sensitive," she murmured, "stop, no don't, no stop" she couldn't make up her mind. 

I moved lower, lying my head on her soft belly as I carefully played with her pussy. I could feel her virginity, that soft barrier in her as I thought again about what she had said earlier. She was squirming again. I slowly moved down her belly and began to lick at her honey pot. Gently at first, then harder, I used my fingers both to probe her vagina and her asshole. She started cumming as her juices flowed. My face was soaked by the time she calmed down, breathing heavily. I quickly moved up to kiss her. She licked my face, eating her own juices. 

We lay there, breathing hard. 

"This was better than I could ever have hoped for," she confessed, "I thought today was going to be the worst day of my life. Please make me a woman." 

"No, I made you a promise. As much as I want to, as much as I desire you, I will not make love to you today." 

We lay there for another half hour. It was getting close to 10 and I knew that this would have to end and I would have to be at the office at some point.

"Kim, as much as I love holding you like this, we better get going, lets shower together." 

In the shower, I soaped her as she soaped me. We masturbated each other to yet another climax, then gently toweled each other off.

When we got back in the car, Kim leaned against my shoulder. A few minutes later, I tried talking to her, and realized she was asleep. When we got to East Lansing, I kissed her gently to wake her up. 

"Kim, there is something I need to tell you." 

"What daddy she replied." 

"I usually do not do these sort of things." 

"If it doesn't matter to you, it doesn't matter to me, you helped me more than you know. I was a wreck and now I am in lust." She took a pen from my cup holder, held my hand carefully, and wrote on it. "I am sure we will see each other again....soon." She kissed me, full on the lips, got out of the car and disappeared on campus.

I watched her cute ass walk off and then looked down on my hand. "Thank you so much" and a phone number. I headed for the office, I knew I would be calling her that afternoon.