 It was a hot and dusty summer day and I had been out on the road for several hours trying to get a ride to the next town. My bike had broken down and I was stranded in the middle of nowhere. I knew if I could get to the next town, I could get the part to fix the scooter and be on my way.

There weren't many cars on the road that day and I was wondering if I would ever get a ride, when along comes this white Mercedes. It screeches to a halt and I go to the door, leaning over and looking inside, seeing this beautiful, sexy, lady who almost took my breath away. She said "Do you need a ride?" I couldn't believe it. 

I told her that my bike had broken down and needed to get to the next town to pick up a part. She said..."Jump in, I will take you there!" What luck!! 

I got in and she said, "Hi, my name is Dottie."

I said "Hi Dottie, my name is Bob, where are you going?" She told me that she was going to town to do some shopping, and needed some company! I told her that I appreciated the ride. 

As we rode along, we talked about different things, all the while, I was eyeing her sexy shirt and body inside. Every time she turned to talk to me, she could see that I was looking at her blouse that was unbuttoned all the way down and tied in a knot. I tried to keep her from catching me, but, she knew what I was doing. After a few minutes, she said, "Do you see something you like?" 

I replied in a low voice, "Yes, you have a beautiful body!" She said thank you and we continued on, me sneaking a peek at the tanned globes on her chest, which were becoming more and more visible as she shifted her body more toward my side of the car. She said she had to get gas, so we pulled into a service station. I offered to pump the gas, but, she said for me to just sit tight and she would do it. 

She started the gas pumping, and then I saw her get the window washing squeegie and she moved to the front of the car to do the windshield. Every time she would push the squeegie across the windshield, her blouse would open up and I could see all of her breast. 

She caught me looking several times and just smiled. Then she came around to my side of the car and was doing my side of the windshield when her blouse came undone. There she was, less than two feet from me, blouse open, revealing all her beautiful charms to me. She looked at me and smiled. When she was finished, she retied the blouse, and went inside to pay. I watched her all the way into the station, her cute little ass swaying and looking so sexy. 

In a few minutes she came back to the car, got in, turned toward me and said " I'm sorry that happened, it just came untied and my hands were dirty so I didn't want to touch this white blouse until I wiped my hands off!"

I told her I understood and that I appreciated the show! She laughed and we drove off. I liked her attitude about what had just happened. 

As we drove along, she talked about things that she liked to do. She had always wanted to ride with someone, but, she didn't know anyone that had a bike. I told her I would give her a ride anytime she wanted. She said "Ok... lets get your bike fixed, I want that ride today!!" 

We finally got to the next town, and found a motorcycle shop. They had the part I needed, I paid and we left, headed back down the same road we had just come from. 

When we got back to where I had left the bike, she wanted to know how long it would take me to fix the problem. I said that it would only take a few minutes. She asked if she could help and I said sure! I handed her a screwdriver and told her to take the clamp off the wires. 

As she bent over to unscrew the clamp, her breasts were in full view, and I took advantage of the situation by looking at them. She looked up, caught me looking and just smiled! I said, "Those are beautiful!!" 

She said, "If you give me a ride, I will let you see all of them!!" I couldn't get that damn bike fixed quick enough!!!! 

When we finished, the bike cranked right up and she got excited hearing the pipes roar. I could tell she was excited by the way her face lit up. I said "Ok,,,, lets ride. " 

She wanted to know where could she park her car and I told her to take it to the service station we passed and I would pick her up there.

I followed her to the station and watched her sexy body get out of the car, lock it, and walk over to me. She crawled on and we rode down the highway for a few miles. I asked her if she was ok and she said yes.. she was loving the ride!! I told her I was enjoying it more because I felt proud to have her beautiful body as a backrest!! She laughed and we rode for miles. 

I saw a small turnoff road, so I pulled off the highway and started down this road, not knowing where it would lead us. 

A couple of miles down the road, there was a nice stream running alongside the road. Dottie said "Why don't you pull off here and lets wade in the stream?" 

I parked the bike and we made our way down the bank to this clear running stream. She wanted to wade, but she had jeans on and didn't want to get them wet. 

I said, "Ok, take them off!!!" With that, she undid her belt, unbuttoned the jeans, unzipped them and started pushing them down over her hips, revealing her white see through thong panties. I said "Wow, you have a beautiful body!" 

She said "Thank you, do you want to see all of it?" I told her I didn't know if I could stand it!! 

With that, she untied the blouse, slipped it off her shoulders and let it drop to the ground, revealing the most beautiful breasts I had ever seen! I was stunned!!

She said,," Do you like?" I couldn't even talk, but managed to mumble that it was wonderful. She said that she was going to wade and she would be back in a minute. 

I sat down on the bank of the stream and watched this beautiful creature wade and frolic in the cool water, getting more and more turned on by the minute.

When she finally came out of the water, she sat down beside me and said, "I want to kiss you!" She didn't have to ask twice. 

I turned toward her, put my arms around her tanned body, pulled her close to me and kissed her lightly on the lips, then slowly moving to her ears, I circled her earlobe with my tongue, occasionally breathing into her ear. Then I moved down her neck to her shoulders, kissing all the way, down to her left breast, circling her nipple and over to her right breast, lightly sucking on her nipple, then back to her mouth. 

I explored her mouth with my tongue while letting my hands roam all over her body, feeling and exploring every inch. I held her breast, bent over and sucked the nipple slowly until it became hard, then moving over to the other one, did the same thing. 

She was breathing very hard now, and I laid her down, continuing kissing and sucking on her breasts, slowly moving down her stomach to her navel, circling it with my tongue, then slowly down to her panties. 

When I got to the band, I let my tongue go under the elastic, I grabbed it with my teeth and slowly pulled the panties down until they were on her thighs. 

Slowly I kissed every inch until I reached her hot, wet pussy. My tongue toyed with her for a minute then slipped slowly inside the fold, letting my teeth lightly brush her clit. Then sucking her clit until it was hard, and letting my tongue slip in and out of her hot wet love. 

I moved between her legs and buried my face in her sweet pussy, sucking and licking and enjoying this beautiful, sexy woman. She told me that she needed to cum and I said go ahead baby, I would try to help her. 

With that, she let loose and I could feel her trembling and breathing harder and harder. I pulled on her clit with my teeth, running my tongue all around until she started to tense up, releasing her juices and coming so intensely that she couldn't talk for a few minutes. 

When she finally gathered her senses, she said, "That was the best kiss she had ever had!!" 

I laughed and told her that I was available for kisses like that all the time! We laid there a few minutes more until a car came along the road, and she scrambled to hide from them. 

After the car passed, I asked her if she was ready to go back to her car. She said, " Not right now!! I have some unfinished business to tend to!!" That's another story!!!