 Alex woke up to another blazing, sunny morning, blinking in the bright light. Images from the dream he had just awoken from slowly swam back into his head. A deserted beach. Lydia standing in front of him in her yellow bikini. Lydia slowly removing her yellow bikini. Lydia on her knees, with his gigantic shaft in her mouth. And finally, Lydia riding him with wild abandon as he lay on his back on the hot sand, wearing nothing but a pair of sunglasses, moaning loudly enough to be heard by anybody who might be anywhere near them. 

Alex smiled to himself. His cock was absolutely rock hard. 

-----------------

Sam awoke to find that, again, Crystal was nowhere to be seen. He wandered outside and found Karen and Nick drinking coffee on the terrace, sitting a little too close, Karen laughing at something Nick had said. 

"Has Crystal gone out again?" He directed the question at Karen, but whilst trying not to look at her. Nick appeared to have picked up on the awkwardness. 

"Yeah" said Karen. "She's gone to the beach with Miranda."

"What about the others?"

"Haven't appeared yet" said Karen. 

After Sam went back inside again, Nick said "did something... has something happened between you two?"

"What? Me and Sam? No, of course not" said Karen with a weak laugh. 

Nick knew instantly that she was lying. 

----------------

Alex walked into the kitchen, where he was confronted by Lydia, cutting herself a slice of melon and wearing the exact same bikini she had worn, and quickly taken off, in his dream. Their eyes met and Alex smiled, half at Lydia and half to himself. 

"Sleep well?" she asked. 

"Like a baby. You?"

"Same. I haven't felt this relaxed in ages." 

"Enjoy it while you can."

"I plan to." 

"What time are Madeleine and Luke getting here?"

"Around lunchtime, I think. You'll like Madeleine - she's even posher than you are." 

----------------

"So, did I pick up that things are a bit difficult with Sam at the moment?" asked Miranda. 

Crystal, lying next to her on the beach, sighed deeply. "I honestly don't know if we'll even make it to the end of this holiday. Part of me keeps getting angry with him when he lets me down or annoys me, but then it's like there's another part of me that can't even be bothered to care anymore." 

"I'm sorry, Crystal. I didn't realise it was that bad."

"It feels like whatever is going to happen needs to happen... like it needs to be over and done with, one way or another. How about you and Nick? Still horribly loved up?"

Miranda laughed. "Yeah, I'm afraid so! Things are good, I feel like we're both in a really good place at the moment." 

"Well as much as I hate to admit it, I'm happy for you" said Crystal, and Miranda laughed again. 

----------------

Alex walked out onto the empty terrace with a large glass of orange juice. Sam had disappeared back to him room. Lydia was having her breakfast in the living room. Karen had gone to have a shower. Nick was in the pool. Alex began to wander around the perimeter of the house, admiring the garden and enjoying the views. 

He stopped dead outside Nina and James's room. They had a double door that opened straight onto the garden. It was wide open, and from inside he could hear the bed creaking. He listened more closely, and caught the sound of moaning and heavy breathing. As quietly as he could, he crept up to the window and peered through a gap in the blinds, and his eyes widened in disbelief. 

Nina was face down on the bed, completely naked, lying on her belly with her backside pushed slightly up into the air. Unusually, Alex was almost overwhelmed by the sight of her nude body. James knelt over her, purposefully taking her from behind. 

Alex had a perfect side-on view of the two of them. He watched as Nina pushed herself up onto all fours, her glorious breasts hanging beneath her. James began thrusting hard, whilst alternating between squeezing her perfect buttocks and grabbing her hips. Then, to Alex's surprise, James grabbed Nina's hair for leverage, pounding her with great force now, the shock waves rippling rapidly through her buttocks and breasts. He thought he heard Nina rasp "oh fuck yeah... fuck me!" Her moans turned to deep, visceral groans as she took James's pummelling. 

Finally, Nina pulled away from James and all but pushed him onto his back. She flung herself on top of him and sat herself confidently on his huge dick, manoeuvring herself on it expertly. It did not take very long before the expression of wild eyed satisfaction on James's face told Alex that he had just come inside Nina, as she sat astride him majestically, glistening with sweat and grinning from ear to ear. Alex watched Nina collapse on top of James and kiss him, before coming to his senses and moving away from the window.

-----------------

As the plane began its descent, Luke sat gazing at Madeleine, who was asleep beside him. He thought how composed and elegant she looked, even asleep sitting up in a cramped seat. Her long brown hair fell about her shoulders, and with each breath her full, shapely breasts rose and fell beneath her blue and white striped top. He smiled as he remembered their first holiday together, over a year before, just a few months after they had met. On a flight to Venice, he had turned to her and asked, half jokingly, if she wanted to join the mile high club. To his surprise, she had smiled, raised an eyebrow and said "how do you know I'm not already a member?" He had followed her to the bathroom, where they had crammed themselves into a space barely big enough for one person and had awkward, fumbling sex, interrupted by frequent fits of laughter. 

Guys like Luke were not supposed to get girls like Madeleine, he often found himself thinking. He saw himself as ordinary, of humble origins, a plumber by trade, nothing special when it came to either looks or brains, although he was not yet thirty and had built himself a thriving business. Madeleine could never be described as ordinary. At twenty six, she had a first class history of art degree behind her and was now working in a major gallery. Her parents had a large country estate, where she had grown up competing in equestrian events (and, more often than not, winning them). And on top of that, Luke thought, she was undeniably beautiful. He wondered why she was with him. Sometimes he thought that she might not be sure herself. Her parents certainly did not approve, and wanted her to settle down with a fund manager or a barrister instead.

Madeleine's grey eyes flickered open as the plane approached the runway, and Luke gazed into them, hopelessly in love.

----------------

Alex sat at the table on the terrace and watched as Nina and James finally emerged from the house, freshly showered and obviously very pleased with themselves. Nina was resplendent in a black bikini, shades and a straw hat. As she approached, Alex ran his eyes over her body as subtly as he possibly could. He noticed that Nick, who was sitting opposite him, did exactly the same thing. 

"Good lie in?" asked Alex as Nina sat down, smiling and giving her a meaningful look. 

"Yes thanks" said Nina. It was only a second or two later that she realised that Alex knew, somehow, that she and James had been having sex. 

Nick watched this exchange between Nina and Alex, saw Nina blush, and immediately worked out what was going on. James, sipping coffee next to Nina, remained oblivious. 

Alex had reached a resolution. Regardless of the consequences, he had to have Nina before the holiday was over.

-----------------

Madeleine watched Luke lift their bags into the cab and felt a sudden pang of lust for him. In the early days of their relationship, they had struggled to keep their hands off each other, and even after more than a year their desire for each other had barely dimmed at all. The two them clicked effortlessly. 

This was already the longest relationship that Madeleine had had in her life. Having had a sheltered upbringing, she had arrived at university a virgin and, no longer under her mother's watchful eye, she had allowed herself to be seduced by a charmingly pretentious philosophy student on her first night there. Unlike many of her friends, who had paired off in their first few weeks, she had had no desire to tie herself down to a relationship. For the next three years, a succession of young men passed through her bed. Some were regular liaisons and some were one night stands, but she never so much as went on a date with any of them. There must have been thirty or forty (she did not keep count). A lot of them were guys from the rugby team that she and her friends hung out with, or else enthusiastic young soldiers from the local barracks. For most girls, this would have been more than enough to attract scorn and the label of 'slut'. However, by being quiet and discrete about it, and otherwise coming across as more sober and demure than most of her contemporaries, Madeleine had avoided that fate. 

After graduation, Madeleine had decided to look for a relationship, but for three years nothing had lasted more than a few months, until she had met Luke, out of the blue, in a bar. Impulsively, she had invited him back to her flat that night, leading to the best sex she had had in years. There was an obvious chemistry between them, and so when he had asked for her number she had given it to him, and when he had called a couple of days later to ask her out she had agreed.

Madeleine shook herself from her memories as she sat in the back of the cab, looking at Luke and smiling.

-----------------

Crystal lay on a sun bed next to the pool. Miranda and Karen were alongside her. Crystal's eyes were on Alex, as he dived gracefully into the pool and swam swift lengths. 

Drowsy in the heat, Crystal closed her eyes. A fantasy began to play itself out in her mind. She was naked, her back against the nearby wall of the villa. Pinning her there was Alex, her legs wrapped around his waist as he thrust in and out of her, powerfully and effortlessly. 

Crystal's eyes flicked open again, and she found that her pulse was racing and she was flushed and sweating, her stiff nipples poking through her bikini. She hoped that Miranda and Karen had not noticed. They both had their eyes closed. She forced the images out of her mind, and the burning sensation deep in her belly faded. Without looking at Alex, she hurried inside. 

As Crystal entered the living room, she found Nina and Lydia greeting Madeleine and Luke, who had just arrived, the four of them exchanging embraces. 

"How was the flight?" Lydia was asking them.

"Oh, fine" said Madeleine. "It felt much longer than it was and they pack you in like sardines, don't they? But we're here now. Where is everybody?"

"Well, here's Crystal" said Nina, and Crystal and Madeleine smiled and greeted each other. Crystal knew Madeleine but had not met Luke before. "I think Karen and Miranda are sunning themselves and Alex is having a swim" Nina went on. "And James, Nick and Sam are all sleeping off the beers they had at lunchtime."

To her horror, Crystal almost flinched at the mention of her boyfriend's name. They had barely spoken to each other since they arrived. 

"Do you want some food?" asked Nina. "Coffee? Or wine?"

"Oh no, thanks" said Madeleine. She looked up at Luke. "I think we could probably both do with a bit of a siesta as well!"

Crystal also looked at Luke, as he gazed into Madeleine's eyes for a second. He was tall, lithe and wiry, not gym-sculpted like Sam or Alex and not necessarily what you would call handsome, but still somehow attractive. She found herself smiling at him and had to stop herself. 

----------------

Once their bedroom door was closed behind them, Madeleine and Luke beamed at each other. Madeleine was delighted at the confirmation that Luke had been thinking exactly what she had. They held each other and kissed, lingeringly and with ravenous tongues. Madeleine could feel that she was already wet between her legs. She stripped off her top and skirt and let him take in the sight of her in her black, lacy underwear. 

Keeping his eyes fixed on Madeleine, Luke quickly took off his own clothes, his huge erection jutting out in front of him. Madeleine put her hands on his chest and pushed him gently towards the bed, where he lay on his back. She straddled his shins, looking him straight in the eyes and confidently taking his cock in her hand and stroking it. Then, without hesitation, she leaned over and put her lips around the towering shaft. He murmured to himself, running his hand through her hair as she worked on his dick masterfully with her lips and tongue, taking as much of it into her mouth as she could.

After a few minutes of this, Luke had to have Madeleine. He squeezed her hand to signal to her to stop and she raised her head, licking her lips and smiling at him. He sat up, pulled her close to him, and in one fluid motion removed her bra. Her full, firm breasts with their hard, deep pink nipples spilled out. He felt them press against his chest as he kissed her. She rolled onto her back and slipped off her knickers. 

"How do you want me?"

"You know how I want you." 

Madeleine smiled at Luke again, coquettishly, and then positioned herself on all fours in front of him. He admired the curves of her backside and ran his hands over her buttocks as she readied herself for what was to come next. Then he pulled her towards him and smoothly slipped his cock inside her. 

Madeleine moaned softly at Luke's firm grip on her hips and the sensation of his huge shaft, hard as flint, moving effortlessly in and out of her. She felt the force of his strong midsection smacking against her body. She breathed in deeply. This was how she liked it: losing herself in the experience, with Luke in command. She reached back between her legs and started gently fingering herself. 

Luke looked down on the scene in front of him, enjoying the sight of the jiggling of Madeleine's buttocks as he fucked her. Gradually, he increased the speed and power of his thrusts. At the same time, Madeleine's massaging of her clitoris grew more rapid, and her moans louder and more intense along with it. They both laughed a little as the bed began to creak beneath them, neither one of them worried about whether anybody else could hear it. 

Madeleine was entering a state of sheer ecstasy, her own fingers working in perfect unison with Luke's cock until the pleasure was almost too much to bear. She heard her moans get sharper and shallower, and then become gasps. Finally, with one last stroke of her index finger, and with the tip of Luke's cock buried somewhere deep within her, she reached an incredible, breathless orgasm, and pressed her face down into the sheet. 

As Madeleine dropped onto her belly on the bed, Luke was in no mood to pause. He moved with her and, on top of her now, kept pounding her relentlessly from behind, his pleasure amplified by the slap of his balls between her legs. Madeleine's loud moans returned, mingled with the sound of their bodies smacking together. Luke watched the ripples that his thrusts sent through Madeleine's magnificent buttocks, and with a few final almighty strokes he came inside her. 

Utterly drained, Luke collapsed on top of Madeleine. She felt the weight of his body, the warmth and intimacy of head to toe bare skin contact between them, the rawness of his heavy breathing in her ear. She loved giving herself to him, and she loved how enthusiastically he took her. When she felt him clamber off her, she rolled over onto her back and looked at him. He lay beside her and they kissed as he stroked her naked body, before they both drifted off to sleep. 

----------------

When the weather finally began to cool a little after a long, sweltering afternoon, the group all got together to eat on the terrace again. They shared pizzas, and the beer and wine flowed again. At one end of the table, Nick held forth, entertaining Nina, Karen and Madeleine. At the other end, Miranda, Crystal and Lydia were deep in conversation. In between them, Alex, James and Luke chatted casually, whilst Sam sat silent and distracted.

"This must be ruining your holiday" Miranda said to Crystal, gesturing at Sam. 

"You know what? I really don't want to let it" said Crystal. "If we're going to ignore each for the next week and a half then fine, I'm just going to try and enjoy myself anyway." 

The three of them fell silent for a few moments. "Miranda..." said Lydia, then paused. 

"Yeah?"

"Oh, no, don't worry, it's a bit of an awkward question." 

"No, go on" said Miranda, smiling. "I'm intrigued now." 

"Well, does it ever make you uncomfortable that Nick..."

"What?"

"Well, that he loves attention from other women so much?" 

Miranda laughed. "Oh, no! I mean, when we first got together it made me really jealous, I didn't understand it at all. But I know he's not going to... do anything. It's just good for his ego to be the centre of attention. It makes him feel important, that's all."

"Ok" said Lydia. 

"I need another glass of wine" said Crystal. 

----------------

As darkness finally fell, Nick announced that he thought they should all go into town and go to a bar. "I'll call a cab" he said. "Who's in?"

"Always!" said Karen. 

"Yeah, I'm up for it" said Luke, and Madeleine nodded her agreement. 

"I'm not sure I fancy it" said James. "But thanks." 

"Me neither, I think I'll stay here" said Lydia. 

Nina looked disappointed, but said "well, I'm going to go anyway."

"Me too" said Sam, much to everybody's surprise. He looked at Crystal, appearing to hope that she was going to decide to go as well, but she immediately said "I think I'm going to stay, I could do with a quiet one."

"Alex? You must be up for a few more?" said Nick. 

"Actually, I think I might call it a night too." 

Nick tutted. "Suit yourself."

----------------

Out at the bar, Nina sat down to catch up with Madeleine. 

"So, how are things with you and Luke?"

"Oh, they're great" said Madeleine emphatically, but then trailed off. 

"Why do I feel like there's a 'but' coming?" said Nina. 

"Well, we're just so different." 

"Are your parents still set against him?"

"Of course. They think it's time for me to settle down and marry someone...well, rich... and old money" Madeleine laughed. "And the stupid thing is, part of me feels like I should do that too. It makes sense."

"How does it make sense?"

"I don't know! I mean it's what all my friends are doing - look at you and James." 

"Just because all your friends are doing something, doesn't mean you should."

"I know that, of course I do. It's just not easy to go against what everybody else expects you to do." 

----------------

James sat alone on the terrace. Miranda had gone to her bedroom. He could see Alex and Crystal talking in the living room. Lydia emerged, looking breezier than he had ever seen her, in a pastel pink dress. 

"Mind if I join you?" she asked. 

"Of course, be my guest." 

"Not up for drinking and dancing then?"

"No. Not really my thing, as you know."

"Me neither, as you know" Lydia echoed him, and they smiled at each other. She glanced at the book that he had put down on the table. "What are you reading?"

"It's about the theory that there are an infinite number of universes, and that for each significant decision that is ever made the consequences of each choice play out somewhere in an alternate reality. You catch the train or you don't catch the train. You take the job or you don't take the job. That sort of thing."

"Infinite? Really?"

"Yeah, it's fascinating."

"So, you mean, somewhere out there might be a parallel universe where, say, Josh and I never broke up?"

"Yep."

"Or where you met me before you met Nina and you and I got together instead!"
