 Lydia stood in the shower, carefully keeping her long, brown curls dry as she let the warm water fall on to her pale skin. This might be the closest thing to being touched by another person, she thought, inhaling deeply as it splashed off her small, well-shaped breasts and ran in rivulets down her belly and through the dark, neatly trimmed hair between her legs. For the first time in a long time, she felt the urge to pleasure herself, but she did not have long to get ready and she decided against it. 

----------------

Alex was helping the cab driver load the suitcases when the others emerged from the house. Nina already looked elegantly beach-ready in a long, black wraparound dress, designer shades and a straw hat, but it was Lydia who drew Alex's attention. She wore a simple white summer dress, short enough to show off a lot of her long, shapely legs, and stylish brown sandals. 

Alex caught Lydia's eye. The look that passed between them said that, yes, they had both heard Nina and James having sex the previous night. They followed Nina and James into the cab. It was early, none of them had had enough sleep, and the journey to the airport was quiet. Nina, concerned to make sure everybody was going to be on time, sent a text message to Karen. 

----------------

Karen turned to Crystal, who was sitting next to her in the backseat. "Nina wants to know when we're going to be there."

"What do you reckon?" Crystal asked her brother, Shaun, who was driving them to the airport. 

"Maybe another half an hour yet" Shaun replied.

Karen found it impossible to look at Shaun without remembering what had happened at Crystal's twenty first birthday party ten years before. It was in a church hall close to their shared student house. Shaun had come to visit Crystal for the weekend. Karen, like Crystal, was 21 at the time, and Shaun about two years older. Shaun was endearingly protective of his younger sister, and as they had grown up, Karen had come to find him very attractive. Towards the end of the party, Karen and Shaun had gone out into the cold, autumnal air and shared a cigarette. She had had a lot of cider and cheap white wine. Shaun, who was all too aware of Karen's obvious interest in him, had taken her face in his hands and kissed her. Then he had led her around to the back of the building, where he had lifted her skirt, literally torn off her knickers, and fucked her, hard and fast, up against the wall. She could almost still feel the flesh of his back as she dug her fingernails into it, and the rough surface of the brick grazing her buttocks as he thrust in and out of her. Thinking of it now, her nipples stiffened and her neck and cheeks felt hot. Crystal had no idea it had ever happened. 

Karen shook herself from her memories of Shaun and tapped out a reply to Nina's text. She looked at Crystal's boyfriend, Sam, who was quiet in the front seat. Sam seemed to like to play the strong, silent type. It was easy to assume that behind a man's silence lay thoughtfulness, sensitivity, a well of emotional depth. Karen knew from experience that this was often not the case. He was undeniably good-looking: tall, slim, athletic, olive-skinned, dark-haired, impeccably groomed. On more than one occasion during the seven years that she had known Sam, Karen had masturbated whilst imagining what it might be like to have sex with him. However, she could not shake the feeling that he and Crystal were not right for each other. Too often, he was not there when she needed him. And, in return, she often made him the focal point of her anger and frustration, even when he did not deserve to be. Karen knew that Crystal was waiting for Sam to propose to her. She wondered if that was really the best thing for either of them. 

----------------

Alex sat in the departure lounge sipping black coffee and saw Nina's eyes light up as her three friends approached. She hugged Karen, Crystal and Sam in turn, followed by Lydia and James. Alex hung back and watched Karen and Crystal carefully. Crystal was a little shorter than the other girls, somewhat more curvaceous, and had the darkest hair and complexion of the four of them. Karen, whilst not as voluptuous as Crystal, was also less slightly built than Nina and Lydia, with strong legs, full breasts and golden blonde hair cut in a bob down to just below her chin. Crystal wore a short purple dress that showed off her shapely breasts. Karen was more casually dressed, in a pink top and cut off jeans. 

Nina introduced Alex to the three new arrivals and he deliberately held eye contact with both Karen and Crystal for a split second longer than he really should have done, before shaking hands effusively with Sam. At that moment, their flight was called and they started heading for the gate. 

----------------

A few hours later, two cabs delivered the seven of them to the gates of Nina's parents' villa. Nina knew the place well but it still took her breath away. Built low and laid out over a single floor, it had seven large bedrooms, each with en suite bathrooms, arranged around an enormous kitchen and living area. The living room itself led out to a spacious terrace, a swimming pool, and beyond that a large, well-maintained garden. Accessible from the terrace was another, enclosed terrace with table tennis and a pool table. It was built at the top of a hill, above an old fishing village (now rapidly becoming an upmarket tourist trap), and the Mediterranean stretched as far as the eye could see. 

"Bloody hell, Nina" said Karen as she looked around. "This place is a fucking palace!" 

----------------

Perhaps the only one who was not immediately enraptured by the setting was Crystal, who was distracted and uneasy. She sat on the bed that she and Sam were to share for the next fortnight, beginning to unpack as Sam closed the blinds, stripped and headed for the bathroom to have a shower. Crystal felt an uncomfortable distance opening between herself and Sam, and a strong desire to be close to him. Purposefully, she stood up and quickly took off her own clothes. For a couple of seconds, she surveyed her own naked body in the mirror. Then she walked into the bathroom. 

Surprising Sam, Crystal pulled open the shower door, put her hands on his chest and kissed him hard. Then she stepped under the running water with him, he took her in his arms, and they kissed passionately again, as she felt his hands slide down her back and on to her hips. She pressed her large breasts against him, then put her head under the water, then let her long, dark, wet hair fall around her shoulders and stick to her skin. Smoothly, she dropped to her knees, confronted by his huge, rigid shaft, which she enthusiastically took into her mouth. 

Crystal was well-versed in the art of pleasuring Sam. She sucked his cock greedily and caressed his balls, whilst he stood there still in front of her like a statue of some Greek warrior. She kept going until she knew he was getting close to climax and then, to drive him wild, she stopped. She stood up and kissed him again and, true to form, he positioned her against the wall and then knelt down on the floor of the shower himself. She lifted her right leg and spread it, as if to present herself to him. He got to work, and she felt waves of pleasure pulsing through her body as he moved two fingers in and out of her masterfully whilst licking at her engorged clitoris. He continued, patiently, never disrupting his technique, until a powerful orgasm ripped through her.

Crystal did not get much time to regain her composure before Sam was standing behind her. He bent her over and with a little yelp she felt his big, stiff prick slip inside her. Standing on tiptoes, she pressed her hands and her breasts against the screen and tried to hold herself as still as possible to meet his forceful thrusts, but felt her knees go week as he gradually pounded her harder. She noticed that she was moaning loudly, and wondered when that had started. 

Crystal let Sam's cock slide out of her and swiftly spun around. They held each and kissed again, and she felt him grab her well-rounded buttocks and squeeze them repeatedly. He pushed her back against the screen, she wrapped her legs around his waist, and he was inside her again, fucking her with smooth, authoritative strokes. His excitement grew. 

"Are you ready?" Crystal asked, staring into Sam's eyes. He nodded, and with that the two of them pulled apart and Crystal bent over again, this time against the wall, the water splashing off her back and cascading over her backside. She groaned as he entered her from behind once again, more roughly this time, grabbing and pulling her hair. Her magnificent breasts swung rapidly back and forth beneath her as he slammed into her hard, and after less than a minute she felt him come deep inside her.

Afterwards, they lay on the bed together, his arm around her, her head on his chest. 

"That was amazing" said Crystal. "I'm so glad we did that." She paused. "I don't know, I feel like recently we haven't been connecting like we used to, we haven't been talking about things, we've both been so busy and distracted." She waited for a reply, and none came. "Don't you think?"

Crystal turned to look at Sam. He was asleep. She shook him awake. 

"For fuck's sake, Sam! I'm trying to have a fucking serious conversation with you, about us, and you're fucking asleep! What the fuck is wrong with you?"

Sam looked bewildered. "What the fuck? Calm down, I just fell asleep. I'm tired, Crys." 

"I know you just fell asleep, that's the fucking problem! You're happy to fuck me, as long as you don't have to fucking talk to me afterwards!" 

"That's not fair!" Sam protested. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have fallen asleep, but it doesn't mean I don't want to talk to you."

Crystal was not listening. She got up, glaring at him, put on a bikini and then her dress over the top of it, and walked out of the room. 

Sam lay there, confused. He knew that something had gone wrong between them somewhere, but he could not pinpoint what it was, or when it had happened. It was just somehow not the same anymore. He loved Crystal dearly, and wanted to make it work, but her outbursts hurt him deeply. For half an hour he lay there, turning the argument over in his mind. 

----------------

Well-rested, the seven of them went out for dinner and drinks that evening, on the terrace of a beach side tapas bar. It was still warm and quite light, and the place was buzzing. 

Crystal fell into conversation with Nina. 

"So, when's that boyfriend of yours going to propose to you?" Nina asked. 

"Who knows? Probably never" said Crystal. 

Nina's smile vanished and she looked concerned. "Why? What's happened?"

"Nothing's happened, I just feel like he's not that interested in me any more. And now I worry that I'm losing interest in him too."

"In the bedroom, you mean?"

"No, actually that side of things is still good. But he's so detached from me and focused on his job." Sam was a working class boy who had worked hard to get to university, do well there and qualify as an architect, and he was undeniably brilliant at it. Crystal, a plumber's daughter, had had a similar journey to becoming a successful accountant. 

"Maybe a couple of weeks together away from work will help?" Nina suggested. 

"Maybe" said Crystal, but she was far from certain. 

----------------

Karen sat with a glass of red wine in her hand, with Alex sitting on one side of her and James on the other. Karen and Alex were relaxed. James seemed more pensive. 

"So" said Karen, giving Alex a flirtatious look. "You probably know this, but you have a reputation that proceeds you." 

"Do I? I had no idea" Alex replied, sarcastically. They smiled at each other. 

"Does it make you happy?" asked James, genuinely curious. 

"Does what make me happy?" 

"Well... having sex with all these different women all the time."

Alex put on his best thoughtful expression and, after a few seconds, replied "yes, actually, it makes me fucking delighted!" 

Karen laughed and James studied her face. Alcohol-clouded lust crept over him, combined with envy of Alex, who was probably going to get Karen into bed at some point before the holiday was over. He felt guilty and looked over at Nina at the other end of the table. Nina smiled back at him. 

"And what about you, Karen?" Alex was asking. "Is there a man in your life at the moment?"

"There was. Turned out he was a cheating bastard, actually. But that was months ago, I've been rid of him for a while now."

"Enjoying the bachelorette lifestyle?"

Karen arched an eyebrow. "Girls just want to have fun." 

----------------

Lydia looked at Crystal and Sam, who were sitting together by now but were not talking to each other. She felt a twinge of recognition and looked away, just as she was joined by Nina and Karen, who sat down on either side of her. 

"So" said Karen. "As the two single ladies here, are we going to find ourselves a couple of hot Spaniards to fuck our brains out?"

Even Lydia could not help but laugh at that, despite also wincing a little at Karen's endearing crudeness. 

"That's not really my thing, as you know, Karen!" Lydia mock-chided her. 

"Getting your brains fucked out is everybody's thing! Just ask Nina, she'll be getting her brains fucked out later, won't you Nina?" said Karen, shooting a meaningful glance over at James. 

"Absolutely not. You know me, Karen, I'm as pure as the driven snow" said Nina breezily, a broad smile on her face. Karen and Lydia did not notice, but Nina's eyes were on Alex rather than James. 

----------------

It was past midnight, and Nina, James, Alex, Karen and Sam were still drinking on the terrace back at the villa. Lydia and Crystal had gone to bed.

"You and Crystal were a bit quiet this evening" said Karen to Sam. "Is everything ok?"

"I don't know" said Sam. "I know I'm not perfect, I know I let her down sometimes. But I really do want to make her happy, you know?"

Karen was taken aback by Sam's honesty, which may have been down to too much beer. And for all that he did himself no favours at times, she felt for him. She knew how cruel Crystal could be when she was upset, and often she did not think that Sam deserved it.

"I know" she replied. "You'll be fine." She wondered if she had convinced him, because she had not convinced herself. 

----------------

The heat was still stifling, and Lydia was lying naked on her back on her bed in the dark, her long, slim body stretched out. She could hear the others talking and laughing out by the pool. Sleep refused to come. She turned the evening's conversations over in her mind, especially Karen and Nina talking frankly about sex. As their words echoed in her head, the memories of Nina's moans of pleasure and the rattling headboard through the wall the previous night barged into her consciousness. 

Lydia put her right hand between her legs and discovered that she was a little wet. She took a deep breath and slipped two fingers inside herself, moistening them before running them up to her clitoris. She felt a spark in her groin and a pounding in her chest. She closed her eyes and pictured James on top of her in the darkness, kissing her, and as her pleasure intensified she imagined that she felt him inside her, and the weight of his solid frame pressing down on her chest and belly. Her strokes became quicker, her chest tighter and her breathing shallower and more rapid. It had been a long time since she had had an orgasm, and she was going to enjoy it.

The explosion of Lydia's climax overwhelmed her. She clamped her other hand over her mouth to make sure that nobody heard her gasps, and as she came she imagined that James came inside her, their bodies one tangled, sweaty mass. 

A few minutes later, Lydia drifted off to sleep, her fantasy about her best friend's husband having been everything she needed.

----------------

Outside, Nina was deep in conversation with Alex. James watched from the other end of the table, saw her fascinated by what he had to say, laughing at his jokes. He knew that neither his wife nor his friend would ever betray him, but it still hurt to see Nina so comfortably enjoying the company and attention of another man, particularly one like Alex. 

Karen announced that she was going to bed. James watched her as she walked away, her sturdy legs and swaying hips. A few moments later, Alex said "actually, I think I might call it a night too" and went inside. James went over to sit with Nina. 

"What were you two talking about?" James asked. 

"Oh, everything and nothing really" said Nina. "He's good company, isn't he?"

"He certainly is."

"Loves the sound of his own voice, of course." 

"At least he seemed to be keeping you entertained." 

----------------

Crystal lay awake in bed. The voices of the others outside got fewer and quieter. She wondered where Sam was and why he had not come to bed already. At last, he shuffled in and closed the door. She listened to him undress as quietly as he could. He got into bed and put his arm around her, his naked body pressed against hers. She rolled away and left him looking up at the darkened ceiling. 

----------------

Karen lay back on her bed, stark naked, legs spread wide. Alex loomed above her and she admired his well-built torso. She had known since their conversation in the restaurant that they were going to spend the night together. When she had stood up and told them all she was going to bed, and he had met her long, meaningful look with a smile, that had confirmed it. 

Karen's eyes rolled back in her head as she felt Alex's colossal cock enter her body, and he wasted no time, grasping her thighs as he fucked her confidently. Over the past six months or so that she had been single, Karen had discovered that it gave her a sense of immense satisfaction to inspire this level of desire in men, without needing them or owing them a thing. Alex was just the latest of at least a dozen men that she had had sex with in that time, and not felt the need to have anything to do with outside of the bedroom. 

Karen gasped as Alex fucked her harder and faster. She felt her own breasts bounce around, and then felt Alex grab and squeeze them and smiled to herself. Alex stopped, moved Karen aside, lay on his back and instructed her to climb on top of him. Karen obliged, and rode him enthusiastically, feeling the pleasure build inside her as she ground her body against his, brazenly pushing out her chest to let him best enjoy the view of her bare body. She moaned loudly when he held her by the hips and thrust up into her quickly and powerfully from below, then expertly worked on her clitoris with his thumb until her whole body juddered and she came and collapsed on top of him.

----------------

Nina and James came in from the terrace, finally ready for bed. The living room was quiet, but James noticed that Alex's door was wide open and that he was not in his room. Then they both heard the low sound of a man's voice - Alex's voice - from Karen's room, followed by Karen giggling. They looked at each other, and though they would never have admitted it, they each felt a pang of jealousy. 

----------------

Karen's orgasm had subsided, and she allowed Alex to manhandle her onto all fours. Without wasting a second, he entered her. Karen loved feeling his powerful mid-section smacking against her backside as he fucked her hard from behind. Her pleasure intensified as his pounding got faster and more forceful, and she almost purred with gratification when at last she felt him come inside her. 

----------------

James lay in bed, feeling his cock swell and harden as he pictured Karen lying naked in front of him, her legs spread. In his imagination, he was moving slowly up towards her, preparing to go down on her as she beckoned him on. 
