 It was very early, and Lydia drifted in and out of sleep, with hazy dreams of James haunting her again. Her imagination conjured up visions of passionate sex, James on top of her, then her on top of James, then James with his head between her legs. 

At some point during her reverie, Lydia's fantasy shifted. She was no longer in bed, entwined with James. She was on a beautiful, deserted beach, nothing but white sand and shimmering blue sea around her. She was on her hands and knees, a feeling of incredible pleasure emanating from between her legs. This was not the intensely romantic sex she usually fantasised about; this was James taking her roughly from behind. 

Except that when Lydia looked back over her shoulder, it was not James that she saw looking down on her, but Alex.

Until this point, Lydia had been only half awake, and barely aware of the fact that she was touching herself, which was something she only rarely did. Now, she was suddenly conscious that she was soaking wet between her legs and furiously fingering her clitoris. The realisation startled her, but she could not help closing her eyes again and concentrating on the thought of being fucked by Alex, hard and fast. 

Self-conscious and afraid of being heard, Lydia clamped her free hand over her mouth to stifle her gasps and moans. When it arrived, her climax almost crept up on her, like a wave breaking on the white sand in her fantasy, and then enveloped her entire body, leaving her trembling and trying not to scream. 

As her orgasm slowly subsided, Lydia lay there naked on her back, her heart pounding in her heaving chest, her nipples hard, the embers of arousal still smouldering between her long, slim, spreadeagled legs. She stared up at the ceiling, grinning from ear to ear. 

--------

Nina was lying awake as well, but overwhelmed by anxiety rather than pleasure. She looked at James sleeping beside her and knew that she was going to have to tell him, but the thought of the fallout from her announcement was unbearable. She knew how much pain it would cause him. She dreaded the idea of divorce, something she thought they were both far too young for. But she could not see that there was any other way out after what she had done. She rolled onto her side and tried to go back to sleep. 

--------

Meanwhile, Nick awoke to images of Nina, Karen and Crystal from the previous couple of days flickering in his mind. He felt his huge erection pulsating. Miranda was still sleeping peacefully. Nick considered waking Miranda and trying to have sex with her, but thought better of it. She would almost certainly still not want to touch him at the moment.

Slowly and quietly, Nick slipped out of bed and into the bathroom to masturbate instead, fantasising about fucking Crystal beside the pool. 

--------

When Madeleine woke up, she could not bear to stay in bed alongside Luke. All it did was to encourage her to dwell on her guilt at having cheated on him and her fear of the impending implosion of their relationship. She decided to get up and try to distract herself. 

Sam was awake and sitting at the table on the terrace when he saw Madeleine emerge from the house. He felt an immediate twinge of arousal at the sight of her wonderful body, shown off by her stylish black bikini. 

"Good morning. Sleep well?" he asked. 

"Well, I was hoping for a bit of a lie in, but I'm wide awake" she replied. "So I thought I'd get up and have a swim".

"Excellent idea" said Sam. Madeleine was no fool, and could see that he was attracted to her and was feeling uncomfortable about it. 

"So, Alex mentioned that the two of you were going to play tennis today?"

"Yeah."

"Would you mind if I joined you? I mean, if I can find a fourth person so we can play doubles".

Madeleine thought about it briefly. The tennis session had been intended as part of the dance of seduction between herself and Alex, but now that they had already slept together it no longer held the same significance. 

"Sure" said Madeleine. "I mean, if you think you can compete with me?" 

He looked up at her. She smiled at him flirtatiously, and he in turn gave her a slightly awkward smile back. She knew that he was looking longingly at her legs and backside as she turned away and dived gracefully into the pool. 

Tearing himself away from watching Madeleine, Sam got up and went back into the house. Alex was in the kitchen and Lydia emerged from her room to join them. 

"Right" said Sam to Alex. "We need one more for doubles. Nina plays, doesn't she?"

"So does Lydia" said Alex, nodding at her. 

"What's this?" said Lydia.

"Tennis" said Sam. "Mixed doubles with the two of us and Madeleine. Are you in?"

"Sure, why not?"

Almost without realising she was doing it, Lydia looked at Alex and smiled. 

-------

After Alex, Lydia, Madeleine and Sam had left for the tennis club, Nina, Miranda and Karen decided to go to the beach. James, Nick and Luke stayed behind and Crystal, still determined to spend more time with Luke, turned down the beach trip to do the same. James, still pensive about Nina, then said he was going to go out for a walk on his own, leaving Crystal, Luke and Nick alone in the house. 

Crystal and Luke awkwardly and silently cleared up in the kitchen together, whilst Nick sat in the living room reading. Finally, they turned to face each other. 

"Look" said Luke quietly. "I know you're pissed off, and I understand, but I just can't face this at the moment. I need to get my head straight."

Crystal kept looking at Luke for a few moments without saying anything, as if deep in thought. Then she called out to Nick. 

"Nick?"

"Yeah?"

"I think I've broken the blinds in my room. I know you're good with that sort of thing, could you come and have a look at them for me?"

Luke looked at Crystal quizzically, unsure what was going on. Nick got up and walked towards Crystal's room, and she followed. On her way out of the kitchen, she turned to Luke. 

"Some men know exactly what they want, and they take it" she said. 

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"It means I'm not going to wait for you or let you lead me on. If you want something to happen between us, then you're going to have to make it happen. In the meantime, I'm going to enjoy myself". 

Crystal followed Nick into her room, and as soon as Luke heard her close the door behind her he knew exactly what she was going to do. 

Nick turned from the blinds to face Crystal. 

"They look fine, are you sure there's something wrong with them?"

Crystal looked at him and said nothing. 

"Is everything ok, Crystal? Why's the door closed?"

"Look, Nick, let's get to the point. I knew you were looking at me yesterday."

"What?"

"You don't have to pretend" Crystal smiled and, to Nick's surprise, pulled her dress up over her head and threw it onto the bed. Beneath it, she was wearing a lacy black bra that perfectly flaunted her shapely, generous breasts, and a matching black thong. 

"If you want me, Nick, have me..." 

Nick smiled. He did not have to be told twice. He strode over to Crystal, put his hands on her waist to pull her towards him and started kissing her. As they kissed, they shared the task of removing his clothes. He sat down on the edge of her bed, his towering erection sticking up in front of him. 

Crystal paused, and then Nick gave her a look that she instantly knew the meaning of. She giggled and knelt on the floor. For a few moments, she stroked his gargantuan cock with her fingers, and then she took the head of it into her mouth, feeling it with her tongue. Nick groaned. Slowly but surely, Crystal took as much of Nick's shaft into her mouth as she could, holding it firmly with one hand and running her lips and tongue up and down it. Then, she began yanking on his dick with her hand whilst continuing to use her lips and tongue to tease the head of it, and Nick grunted in satisfaction.

Ready for more, Nick stopped Crystal, sat up and deftly unclasped her bra. He pulled it off her, enjoying his first sight of her magnificent breasts as they spilled out of it. She slipped off her thong and smiled as he authoritatively manhandled her onto all fours. Immediately, he positioned himself behind her, using his hands to feel and squeeze the soft, warm flesh of her beautifully curvy buttocks, and then pushed his huge cock into her. She moaned with delight. 

Crystal smiled to herself as she felt Nick's hands on her and his massive dick filling her completely. As he began his powerful, rhythmic thrusts, she began to moan at an exaggerated volume. She was sure that Luke would not be too far away, and she wanted him to hear her. Before long, though, Nick was pounding her hard and her moans were just a genuine result of the pleasure it was giving her. 

Nick gripped Crystal's hips and watched her beautiful backside jiggle with each vigorous thrust of his cock. He craned his neck to get a view of those wonderful breasts swinging and bouncing around underneath her. The visual stimulation and the slapping sound of his midsection striking her buttocks just drove him to keep fucking her harder. 

Crystal did not think that Nick would be able to last much longer, and she did not want their tryst to be over so quickly. 

"Stop!" she said. "I don't want you to come yet!"

Nick did as he was told, then quickly lay on his back and pulled Crystal on top of him. She lowered herself onto his cock with a murmur of satisfaction. Leaning over him, so that her hanging breasts brushed against his chest, she began gyrating her hips to move herself up and down on his dick. As she gradually increased her pace, moaning loudly throughout, he grabbed her backside with both hands again. 

Crystal was enjoying herself. She pushed herself upright and looked down at Nick as she sat there, grinding on top of him. She could see that he was looking intently at her breasts, and she smiled to herself as he eagerly reached up to take them in his hands and squeeze them. She felt an extra tingle of pleasure as he stroked her nipples, which were as hard as stone. 

Nick lay back and admired Crystal's body, there in front of him in all its glory. As he played with her voluptuous breasts, his eyes darted over her flawless olive skin, her broad hips, her curvaceous thighs. Between her legs, her skin was slightly paler, completely smooth and hairless. 

Crystal locked eyes with Nick, holding his gaze and licking her lips. She could tell that she was driving him wild, but it still took her by surprise when he took hold of her forearms, pulling him down towards him, and then immediately started thrusting up into her hard and fast. Her moans got even louder and increasingly guttural, the pleasure seeming to engulf her entire body each time his cock filled her up, its tip very deep inside her. 

Nick watched Crystal's breasts jiggling right before his eyes, and leaned forward to kiss them and bury his face in them. Finally, he could hold on no longer, and grunted as he came inside her. She groaned and breathed "oh, fuck yes!" into his ear. 

For a few moments, the two of them lay there, breathing heavily, covered in sweat. Crystal was still on top of Nick, with his cock just beginning to soften inside her. Then, she climbed off him and stood up. 

"Right" she said. "I'm going to have a shower."

She walked towards the bathroom. Even though she had her back to him, she knew beyond any doubt that Nick's eyes were still on her naked body. Just before she got to the bathroom door, she glanced over her shoulder at him. 

"That was fucking great, by the way." 

And with that, she was gone, leaving Nick alone to get dressed. 

--------

At the tennis club, Alex had begun the day frustrated. The match had been intended as a ruse to spend more time with Madeleine, in the hope of getting her into bed again. However, when they arrived, she had suggested that he be paired with Lydia and she with Sam, and Madeleine and Sam appeared to be enjoying each other's company too much for Alex's liking. 

Alex had had a welcome distraction, though, because, much to his amusement, something had come over Lydia and she seemed to be trying to flirt with him. She was clearly out of practice and was hopeless at it, mangling her words, laughing inappropriately, and falling into awkward silences when she could not think of something suitable to say. To his surprise, Alex found it endearing and even strangely attractive. Of course, there was nothing surprising about being attracted to Lydia per se; she was beautiful, and he had fantasised about her before. Now, though, he felt something resembling affection for her as well.

The match ended with Sam hitting an impressive winner to clinch the third set. Alex still felt a twinge of envy as he saw Sam and Madeleine high-five, holding each other's gaze and smiling for a little too long in a way that was all too familiar to him. 

In the changing room afterwards, Alex and Sam were getting dressed in slightly awkward silence. 

"Madeleine's nice, isn't she?" said Alex. 

"Lovely girl" said Sam. 

"Sounds like there's bit of trouble between her and Luke, though". 

"Really?" said Sam. "Neither of them have said anything to me about it."

Alex knew that Sam was aware of what was going on. The fact that he was feigning ignorance was a giveaway. Alex immediately knew for sure that Sam was interested in Madeleine, was almost certainly planning on trying to sleep with her, and was trying to change the subject in order to avoid talking about her. 

Meanwhile, Lydia was getting dressed when Madeleine emerged from the showers. 

"You're in an interesting mood today" said Madeleine.

"I don't know about that" replied Lydia. "I'm just determined to enjoy myself on this holiday, that's all". 

"Good, you certainly seem to be!"

Lydia looked up at Madeleine. She was taken aback to see that Madeleine, having dried herself off and hung her towel on a hook, had absolutely no problem with standing in the middle of the room stark naked whilst she casually fished around in her bag for clean clothes. It was something that Lydia could never possibly be uninhibited enough to do, and she envied Madeleine for it. Looking at her now, she also envied her lightly bronzed skin, full, firm breasts and generously curved hips and thighs. Lydia watched out of the corner of her eye as Madeleine pulled on a pair of knickers, a very short pair of shorts and a loose-fitting blue top without a bra underneath it. 

Lydia was desperate to spend some more time with Alex. When they met up again after getting dressed, she tried to channel some of Madeleine's breezy confidence and suggested that they all go for a drink in the club's bar. Alex agreed, but Madeleine said she wanted to get back. Lydia noticed that she shot a meaningful glance at Sam, who immediately agreed to join her. 

Lydia would have Alex to herself in the bar. 

--------

As they walked along the road back towards the villa, Madeleine and Sam fell into a slightly awkward silence. Eventually, she stopped and turned to him. 

"Sam..." she began, and before she could say anything more, he leaned in and kissed her lingeringly. They pulled apart and looked each other in the eyes. 

"What were you going to say?" Sam asked. 

"Actually" said Madeleine, "I was going to ask you if you wanted to kiss me."

Sam smiled broadly. "When we get back, do you want to come to my room?"

Madeleine shook her head. "No, I don't want to wait that long. I've got a better idea."

She flashed him a wicked smile, took his hand and began to lead him into the trees beside the road. 

"Madeleine, where are we going?"

She did not answer. Finally, when they got far enough that they could no longer be seen from the road, she leaned against a tree trunk and looked at him.

"Take me here, Sam." 

"You're joking!"

She held his gaze, smiling.

"You're not joking, are you?"

Madeleine shook her head and Sam, not quite able to believe what was happening, put his arms around her waist and started kissing her again. Madeleine quickly began to remove Sam's clothes. First, she took off his t-shirt, throwing it over a nearby branch, and unfastened his belt and shorts, pulling them down fast along with his boxers and letting his huge, rapidly stiffening dick burst out. It felt strange but exciting to him to be naked in the open air like that, with the potential to be seen at any moment. 

Sam kept kissing Madeleine and soon she removed her own top, throwing it over the branch with his. It took him by surprise that she was not wearing a bra, and that her stunning, bare breasts were suddenly right there in front of him. A little awkwardly, he stepped out of his shorts whilst she removed hers. They were now both naked but for their shoes and Madeleine's lacy black panties, and as they continued kissing she also began stroking and yanking on his cock. He reacted by running his hands over her backside inside her panties and kissing her chest and breasts, causing her to murmur softly and smile. 

Between the two of them, Sam and Madeleine pulled down Madeleine's panties, and she stepped out of them and flung them on top of her bag on the ground. She turned around, bending over slightly against the tree. He drank in the sight of her magnificent backside as she pushed it towards him, inviting him to enter her. They moaned in unison as he slipped his massive shaft inside her. 

As excited as they were, they both knew that they were risking being seen, and did not want to take too long. Pretty soon, Sam was thrusting into Madeleine hard and fast, enjoying the jiggling of her buttocks and the wild bouncing of her wonderful breasts. 

Madeleine tried to keep as quiet as possible and failed, the rapid movement of Sam's enormous cock eliciting high-pitched moans and gasps that she just could not find a way to hold in. Unlike Sam, it was not the first time that Madeleine had done something like this, but she still found the thrill of it unbeatable. She laughed as the noise of a passing car died away, leaving only the sound of Sam's midsection powerfully smacking against her backside filing her ears. Her moans grew louder and more urgent, her legs beginning to go weak from the sensation of his dick deep inside her. 

Sam, nervous, kept glancing around him to check that there was nobody nearby. Madeleine, meanwhile, would not have noticed if they had drawn a crowd of spectators. She was completely absorbed in the experience, focused entirely on her own pleasure. 

Madeleine sighed deeply and murmured happily to herself as she felt Sam pick up the pace even more, grunting as he moved towards his climax. She encouraged him by looking back over her shoulder and saying "oh Christ, Sam, I want you to fucking come in me." That pushed him over the edge, and she laughed as he almost shouted "oh fuck!" when he exploded like a fountain inside her. 

Within seconds of finishing, the reality suddenly hit them both once again that they were stark naked in the open air, in a public place. Sam smiled as he thought about how ridiculous they would look to anybody who caught sight of them now: a woman bent over against a tree, and a man breathing heavily and looking furtively around himself as his cock began to soften inside her. They pulled apart, smiling at each other as they put their clothes back on in silence and started walking back towards the road, flushed and sweaty, their hearts still racing. 

-------

Lying on the beach, Nina was quiet and distracted as Miranda and Karen talked and laughed beside her. Her thoughts were of James, and what she was going to have to say to him. Soon, though, she became drowsy in heat and began to drift off to sleep, falling into daydreams of Alex and Nick, their hands all over her body. Her pulse quickened and she felt a familiar sensation of arousal in her breasts and between her legs, until Miranda's voice cut through it. 
