 Miranda slept fitfully, tormented by the images of Nick and Karen that her mind conjured up. She spent periods lying awake in bed, riding an emotional roller-coaster from sadness to anger and back again. When the morning finally arrived, she was tired but set on one thing: what she needed right now was to strike back at Nick, to get something that felt like revenge. 

As Nick dozed next to her, Miranda slipped out of bed and stepped into the shower. The warm water falling on her bare skin seemed to have a calming effect on her, which sharpened her resolve for what she was about to do. Afterwards, she fixed her hair and applied some subtle make up. She picked out a black and white striped bikini. Over it, she threw on a black dress, chosen specifically because it was the shortest one she had and so it showed off the most of her long, strong, tanned legs. 

Miranda looked at herself in the mirror and took a deep breath. Without even a glance at her sleeping husband, she walked out of the room. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Out on the terrace, Alex was alone sipping black coffee and eating bread and jam. Lydia walked out of the house towards him, with a cup in her hand, and he saw her hesitate before coming over and sitting down. She sat some way down the table and did not look at him or speak to him. It did not take him long to work out the reason for her frostiness. 

"Is everything ok?" he asked, trying to make it sound like an innocent question. 

"You're unbelievable" said Lydia. "How could you do a thing like that?" 

"Good morning to you too" Alex quipped back. "A thing like what, exactly?"

"You know what. Sleeping with Nina". 

Alex was in no mood for this. "Why do people feel the need to talk about sex in such a repressed way? We didn't sleep together. We fucked. In broad daylight. On a beach. For the world to see. Up against some rocks. She bent over, and she let me take her from behind, and I know she loved it. We were two consenting adults, enjoying ourselves." 

Lydia was shocked. "And what about James? Her husband?"

"Exactly. That's what it's all about for you, this moralising about Nina and me. Isn't it? Worrying about James. Because you have feelings for him. Poor, gentle James, being fucked over by big, bad Alex and Nina. And then you, his guardian angel, his port in the storm, ready to pick up the pieces. You judge us, but you're sitting there wanting your best friend's husband. And do you know what? He wants you too. I've seen him looking at you. He wants to fuck you, Lydia." 

Lydia was appalled. "The difference is that we would never do it. We would never hurt Nina like that."

"Really? And even if you wouldn't, does that make you good? Or does it make you weak, denying yourselves happiness to spare somebody else's feelings?" 

In her anger, Lydia had not even thought to deny that she had feelings for James. That was out in the open between herself and Alex now. 

"You have no moral code at all, do you? You can't just go around doing whatever you want, whenever you want, with whoever you want. That's not how the world works."

"Well maybe it should be." 

Lydia shook her head, got up and walked away. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sam stepped out of the shower, wondering what the day had in store. Now that his relationship with Crystal was dead in the water, he wondered why he was still here. He thought about packing up and booking himself onto the next flight home. He walked out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around his waist and nearly jumped out of his skin. Sitting on the end of his small single bed and staring at him was Miranda. 

Sam was utterly confused. He did not know Miranda that well. As far as he was concerned, she was friend of Crystal's who he saw at social events and exchanged small talk with from time to time. As far as he could remember, they had not had a single one to one conversation since arriving in Spain. And now here she was, making herself at home in his bedroom. 

"Miranda, what are you doing here?" he asked incredulously. 

"Well, Sam, I really need you to do me a favour" Miranda replied. 

Sam furrowed his brow. "What sort of favour?"

She stood up and walked over to him. To his amazement, she put her hands on his bare chest, looked him in the eyes and arched an eyebrow. 

"Miranda, what the hell is going on here? What about Nick?"

"You don't need to worry about Nick. We've agreed to have an open marriage." 

He moved away from her and sat down on the edge of the bed. "This is crazy, Miranda. I'm really not sure about this."

"Then let me convince you."

She followed him, straddled him on the bed and started kissing him. He did not resist, and it was not long before he got swept up in it. His hands moved up her thighs, under her dress and onto her hips. Suddenly the reality struck him, that an outrageously beautiful woman had decided that she wanted him, right now, and was not going to take no for an answer. His arousal overcoming him, he lifted her, spun her round and put her on her back on the bed, lying on top of her and continuing to kiss her. In the process, his towel fell to the floor, leaving him naked, his massive cock now pressing against her belly. 

Miranda felt the weight of Sam's muscular body on top of her and the warmth of his hard dick against her skin, and she yearned to have him inside her quickly. She pushed him off her and sat up on the bed. In a matter of seconds, as he watched her intently, she pulled her dress over her head, unclasped and discarded her bikini top, and then slipped off the bottoms as well, displaying the full glory of her naked body to him. 

Sam continued to stand and watch as Miranda lowered herself on to the floor and turned to face away from him. On her knees, she leaned over the bed. She looked back over her shoulder, her smiling face imploring him to act. Sam dropped to his knees on the floor and positioned himself, and Miranda pushed herself backwards onto his cock, gasping as it went in. He began with short, sharp thrusts, reaching around to grab her breasts and squeeze them. He ran his hands through her hair, looking down at the rippling of the flesh of her buttocks as he slammed against her. 

Miranda was completely intoxicated by the experience of being with a new man. It was indescribably thrilling to have a new scent filling her nostrils, new hands on her skin, new eyes admiring her body, and a new cock inside her. She moaned and gave Sam a command: "harder!" 

Miranda felt Sam firmly but carefully pull her hair, and immediately the leverage allowed his dick to reach further inside her. She murmured delightedly at the sensation. He was pounding her hard and fast now, just as she wanted him to, and it felt fantastic. The slapping noise of his pelvis against her backside, mingled with her own gasps and moans, filled her ears. 

Worried that it would be over too soon, Miranda stopped Sam and pushed him onto his back on the floor. She saw his eyes light up as she climbed on top of him and lowered herself onto his cock with another approving murmur. Her hands on his chest, she moved herself up and down on top of him, incrementally increasing her pace until she was riding him hard.

Sam just lay there looking up at Miranda. She was bolt upright now, her face a picture of pure pleasure as her breasts jiggled around while she bounced on his dick. Once again, he reached up to massage and squeeze them. 

Miranda felt Sam pull her down towards him and then grab her buttocks to hold her still. Immediately, he starting thrusting up into her with great speed and power. Her whole body shook as he pummelled her. Feeling as if an inferno was raging between her legs, she squealed deliriously. 

Just as Miranda thought that she could not take much more, Sam lifted her confidently and rolled her over. In a flash, he was on top of her, inside her once more and thrusting forcefully. She concentrated on the sensations of his weight pinning her to the floor, the rough carpet rubbing against her back and buttocks, his dick deep within her and his balls colliding with the tender flesh between her thighs. The harder he fucked her, the louder was the sound of their bodies coming together. 

Sam felt almost as if he was dreaming, or having an out of body experience. He still could not quite believe it was real. He stared into Miranda's eyes, kissed her ravenously and listened to the ecstatic moans he was drawing out of her. He was nearing his limit, and Miranda could clearly tell, because she breathed the words "come in me, Sam - oh god, I want you to come in me" into his ear.

Miranda looked up and saw Sam's eyes roll back, heard him grunt, and felt him erupt inside her. "Oh yes" she hissed, and let out a long, soft moan of gratification at his climax. 

Sam rolled off Miranda and sat on the floor with his back against the side of the bed, exhausted. Miranda just stayed lying there for a while. He looked at her - neat, blonde hair, flushed face, smooth, bronzed skin from head to toe, lean, strong limbs, pert breasts and hard nipples. She was gorgeous, and she had decided to just give herself to him right there on his bedroom floor. 

Eventually, Miranda looked at Sam. "God, that was so good!" she said, laughing gently to herself. "I really needed that." He smiled at her, but could think of nothing to say. They let a few more moments pass, and then she got up and started putting her clothes back on. She kissed him, smiled at him again, and was gone.

Sam got up and sat on the bed, smiling to himself. He decided to stay for at least a few more days after all. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Madeleine and Luke were getting themselves ready. 

"You came to bed late last night" said Madeleine. 

"Was it that late?" said Luke. 

"What were you doing?"

Luke paused. "Talking."

"To who?"

"Oh, Crystal mainly."

"You seem to be getting on well with her" said Madeleine. She left that pointed statement hanging in the air, and Luke did not respond to it. 

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Nick got out of the shower to find Miranda sitting on the bed in her bikini. He could see that she was overheated and had been sweating. Her face and chest were flushed, and she had red marks on her back and her backside. 

"Where have you been?"

"Oh, just in Sam's room."

"In Sam's room? Doing what?"

"Just making the most of our open relationship, babe." 

"Jesus Christ, Miranda."

Miranda smiled and strode out of the room. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

After breakfast, James and Lydia suggested a day out in a nearby town, which had a number of medieval churches that they both wanted to visit. Alex, Sam, Miranda, Karen and Madeleine agreed to join them. It was the sort of day trip that Nina would normally have enjoyed, but she found the idea of spending the whole day around James and Alex unbearable, especially with the thought of Lydia watching her judgmentally as well. She told them that she was feeling unwell and wanted to rest. Luke said that it was not really his sort of thing and that he would stay behind as well. Crystal had wanted to go, but when Luke decided not to she saw an opportunity to spend more time with him and said that she would stay too. Nick, meanwhile, had no desire to deal with the awkwardness of being around Miranda and Karen and chose to remain at the villa with Nina, Crystal and Luke. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

As they walked into the village to catch the bus, Miranda fell in beside Karen. 

"I know what happened" she said. 

Karen immediately worked out what she was talking about but could not find anything to say. 

"It's ok" said Miranda. "I'm not angry with you, I'm angry with him. He told you it was fine, didn't he? That we had an open relationship?"

"Yeah, he did" said Karen, sheepishly. "He was lying, wasn't he?"

Miranda did not reply. 

"Oh Jesus, Miranda, I'm so sorry. I can't believe I let it happen. I can't believe I believed him."

"Everyone believes everything he says, Karen" said Miranda. "He could sell ice to a bloody eskimo. I'm not going to hold it against you." 

"Really?"

"No. Besides, two can play at that game. Our marriage can be just as open for me as it is for him." Miranda arched an eyebrow. 

Karen looked at Miranda conspiratorially. "Who?"

Miranda just nodded slightly in the direction of Sam, who was walking in front of them. 

"Oh my god, you too?" said Karen, not realising that she had let the cat out of the bag until it was too late. 

"What do you mean, 'me too'? Wait..." Miranda's voice lowered to a whisper. "You mean you had sex with Sam too?" 

Karen smiled at her. 

"Wasn't he great?" said Miranda. 

"Oh my god, he was fucking earth-shattering!" said Karen, and the two of them burst out laughing. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Luke was lying on his bed, wracking his brain to try to work out what to do. The previous night with Crystal had been amazing, and the chemistry between the two of them had been unlike anything he had experienced before. On the other hand, however much he felt like Madeleine lacked respect for him, he felt immense guilt for cheating on her, and he wanted to come clean and to fix it if there was any way of doing so. 

Luke heard a knock at the door. He knew instantly who it would be. He opened it and found Crystal standing in the hall in a blue bikini. 

"Hi" he said, and was unable to think of anything to follow it up with. 

"Hi" said Crystal. "So, do you want to, you know, hang out today, maybe?" 

She was not subtle. It was abundantly clear to him that she was looking for an invitation to have sex with him again. 

"Look" said Luke. "I'm... confused. I don't know if last night should have happened. I want to try to make things work... with Madeleine."

"Oh, fucking brilliant" said Crystal. "I'm your bit on the side, am I? Your comfort fuck because your girlfriend just doesn't understand you, is that it?" 

"No, Crystal, it's not like that, honestly..."

"Then what is it? You know as well as I do that there's something there between us. That was not just sex last night, Luke, it was more than that, wasn't it?"

"Yeah, it was" said Luke. "But I'm with someone. I can't just walk away."

"Well maybe you should've thought about that before you fucked me."

Angry and crestfallen, Crystal retreated to her own room. 

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

As they strolled through a pretty area of medieval streets, Alex found himself beside Madeleine. 

"I've booked the court" he said.

"You've what?"

"Booked the court for tomorrow, for tennis. I called them this morning." 

Madeleine was not stupid. She knew exactly what Alex was doing in trying to find a way to spend time with her. But she had watched Luke flirt with Crystal and figured that there was no reason why she should not have some fun of her own. 

"Do you know what I always say about tennis, Alex?"

"No, what?"

"It makes really excellent foreplay." 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Nina was lying on a sun lounger, restless and completely unable to relax, her mind a mess of conflicting emotions. She felt undeniable guilt at cheating on James, but that did not change the fact that every single thought of Alex turned her on and made her want to have sex with him again. She felt as if the ground was shifting beneath her feet, all of her old certainties disappearing, but with her head full of carnal desire she could not escape. Alex pushed James out of her mind, and she felt an irresistible urge to pleasure herself.

Walking out onto the terrace, Nick saw Nina lying on her back on the sun lounger in a red bikini, and headed over to talk to her. He was surprised how much Miranda's confession that morning had wounded him, and invented images of her in the throes of ecstasy with Sam, in every conceivable position, kept intruding on his thoughts. He felt the need to do something to banish them, and to put himself back in a position of control over the situation. His first thought had been to seduce Crystal, which he did not think would be difficult. However, Crystal was nowhere to be seen and now, confronted with the sight of her bikini-clad figure, he was reminded of his lust for Nina. 

As Nick got closer to Nina, he noticed that she had tipped her head back slightly and pushed her chest up, and that she had a faint smile on her face. Then, when he was maybe ten feet from her, he suddenly realised that she had her right hand inside her bikini bottoms. She was breathing heavily and murmuring to herself as she gently massaged her labia and clitoris with her fingers. 

Nick was about to turn and walk away when Nina opened her eyes and saw him. 

"Oh my god, Nick, sorry, I didn't know you were there! Shit!"

For a few seconds they both just looked at each other in disbelief, the world around them standing still. 

"Uh, I should probably go" said Nick, turning and walking away. 

Nina watched Nick stride back towards the house. Her heart was hammering inside her heaving chest, and she could feel her cheeks burning. She should have been mortified by what had happened, but in fact she was incredibly turned on. What she wanted, more than anything, was to finish what she had started, and for Nick to watch. She took a deep breath, got up and followed him into the house. 

Nina found Nick in the living room. He was still speechless. 

"Nick, would you like to come into my bedroom?"

"What?"

"You heard me." Nina licked her lips. "I know you liked what you saw out there, and I'd like to show you more, so..." she trailed off. 

Nick's demeanour changed immediately. His eyes sparkled and he smiled at her. She walked towards the bedroom and he followed, his eyes on her long, slender legs and her firm buttocks. Once they were inside the room, she closed the door behind them and instructed him to stand by it. He did as was told.

Nick watched as Nina took off her bikini, almost as if he was not even there. Her breasts were pert, her pale pink nipples erect and hard as stone. Between her legs, she was smooth and hairless. She sat on the bed and looked at him, then lay back and spread her legs, giving him a direct view of the inviting black slit between them. He stood rooted to the spot. It was unlike him to be this passive, to follow a woman's lead like this, but he was entranced.

Nina closed her eyes. She had never done anything like this before and yet somehow it felt quite natural. It was as if she could almost physically feel Nick's eyes on her body, and it felt right. She reached down and gently began repeatedly running two fingers from the mouth of her vagina, up her labia to her clitoris. Thinking Nick would enjoy it, she used her other hand to fondle her breasts and stroke her nipples. 

Nick watched transfixed as Nina carefully slid her middle finger into her vagina with a soft moan. She breathed heavily as she pushed it in and out. Each time she moved the tip of her finger in and out of herself, its base was gliding over her clitoris. He could feel his cock throbbing. Miranda had put on displays like this for him a few times, but always at his request. "I want to watch you make yourself come" he would whisper in her ear, and she would gladly comply. This was different, though: Nina was in complete control, and her performance was at least as much for her own benefit as for his. 
