 "So how long are you going away for?" Shannon asked, in her alluring Irish accent. 

"Two weeks. Do you think you can survive without me for that long?" replied Alex. 

"Don't flatter yourself. I have other ways of... entertaining myself, you know."

She raised her eyebrows on the word 'entertaining' and then flashed him a smile. He was lying on his bed, and she was standing in front of him, stark naked, having just picked up her black panties off the floor. He looked her up and down. She was tall, very slim, with that celtic combination of milk white skin and long, dark hair. Long legs. Small, pert breasts. Hard, pale pink nipples.

"I bet none of them are as good as me though?" said Alex.

She didn't say anything, but the smile on her face told him he was right. He didn't know how many other men Shannon was sleeping with, and he didn't really care. He was regularly sleeping with five other women at the time, but not one of them was as good as Shannon, either. 

"It's still early. I don't have to go anywhere yet. Come back to bed" he implored. 

She didn't take much persuading, quickly dropping her panties back on to the floor and lying down next to him. He threw the sheet over her and felt her warm, bare body press against his. He pulled her to him and kissed her, his hand resting on her hip. She giggled a little as his rapidly stiffening cock brushed against her belly.

As his hand moved between her legs and he slipped his middle finger inside her, she breathed loudly into his ear and whispered "you make me so wet". He started to run his index finger over her clitoris whilst kissing her neck and shoulder. She moaned gently, and he watched the rise and fall of her breasts as her chest heaved. She pushed him onto his back and climbed on top of him, and they kissed hungrily, before she deftly manoeuvred herself down his body and took his cock in her mouth.

After a few minutes of that, he wanted to be inside her, to look down at her on her hands and knees on the edge of the bed as he stood and gave it to her hard from behind. Alex was uncomplicated in that respect. He had no desire to be submissive. When he was in bed with a woman (which was frequently), he was unquestionably in charge. That did not make him a selfish lover, though: he lived to give pleasure just as much as to receive it. 

Alex gently rolled Shannon over, spread her legs, and went to work with his fingers and tongue. Her orgasm came quickly and left her briefly exhausted. 

Sex was not only something that Alex was good at, but something that came easy to him as well. At thirty four, he guessed that he had been with well over five hundred women, despite the fact that he had had several long term relationships in which he had, perhaps surprisingly, remained faithful. When he was younger, it had mostly been one night stands. Although there were still a fair few of those, these days Alex also liked to maintain mutually satisfactory 'arrangements' with a handful of regular partners at any one time. Shannon, a twenty seven year old primary school teacher he had met at a friend's birthday party, was one of them. 

Shannon was still on her back. Alex bent over her, kissing her mouth, then her chest and her breasts. He entered her once more, delighting her with his rapid strokes, and it did not take long for him to come inside her.

Afterwards, they lay entwined on the bed, still naked, and talked. 

"Is it Greece you're going to?"

"Spain".

"With who?"

"You know my friend James, from work? Him and his wife, Nina, and her friend Lydia, and some other friends of theirs I don't know. Nina's parents are absolutely loaded, they've got a huge villa over there". 

"Any single women to lead you astray?" Shannon smiled. 

"Lydia's single, has been for years apparently, but I can't see her leading anybody astray, to be honest. She's quite... proper".

"Frigid, you mean?"

Alex just shook his head and smiled. 

---------

A few miles across town, Nina left the office of the large publishing firm where she worked as an assistant editor. A blast of warm air hit her as she stepped out onto the pavement. She wore a navy blue summer dress, which flattered her tall, slim figure. Her face was framed by her immaculately straightened chocolate brown hair, her brown eyes hidden behind designer shades. 

Nina sent James a text message to let him know she was on her way. This would be their first holiday together since their honeymoon in South Africa a few months earlier. Their wedding had been a lavish affair just before Christmas, funded by her father, a successful fund manager. Nina had smiled, sparkled and entertained, but had found it exhausting. Her parents were delighted that she had married James, an ambitious City boy just like her father had been. 

Running for the train, Nina found herself flushed from the heat and the exertion as she hopped through the doors. She found herself a seat and settled in to read the new novel by a celebrated purveyor of historical fiction.

After a couple of stations, Nina looked up over the top of her book as a man got on the train and sat down opposite her. He was about her own age (Nina was thirty one), maybe a few years older. He had a strong jaw, piercing blue eyes, sandy hair flecked with grey and a fashionable beard. He wore a blue linen suit, an open necked pink shirt and well-polished brown shoes. He realised Nina was looking at him, caught her eye and smiled. Embarrassed, she smiled weakly back and looked back down at her book. 

For the rest of the journey, each time Nina looked up the man looked back at her. It surprised her that it did not make her in any way uncomfortable. At one point, her dress rode up a little as she unthinkingly uncrossed and then recrossed her legs, and she felt a frisson of excitement as she noticed that the man had been unable to help himself from glancing between her bare thighs. He realised that he had been caught, and it was his turn to look away, embarrassed. Nina had to stifle a laugh, and then was taken aback when arousal took hold of her, first as an intense sensitivity in her breasts and then as an insistent tingling sensation somewhere below her belly button. 

For the next few moments, a vivid fantasy played itself out in Nina's mind. She was bent over in the deserted train carriage, her dress around her waist, her white cotton knickers around her knees, as the handsome stranger pulled down his trousers and entered her from behind. She bucked back to meet his powerful thrusts. His strong hands grasped her hips authoritatively. His enormous, rock hard prick felt deliciously hot as it moved effortlessly in and out of her. And then, suddenly, the carriage was not deserted after all: the other passengers were there, and they were watching. 

Nina snapped out of her fantasy and composed herself. She looked at the man again, and wondered if he had any idea what had just been happening between them in her head. She had almost missed her stop, and she jumped up and got off the train. 

--------

Lydia had almost finished packing when she came across the two bikinis. It occurred to her that she had not worn them since her last holiday with Josh, three years ago now. When she wore them now, she realised, it would be the first time since then that anybody other than herself had had sight of that much of her body. She felt suddenly self-conscious, painfully aware that she had recently turned thirty. She breathed in deeply and put the bikinis in her suitcase, then walked through to the kitchen. 

Lydia went to make herself some toast and sighed as she discovered that Emily, her lodger, had finished the bread and failed to buy any more. Lydia had inherited her two bedroom flat from her grandmother, and then borrowed money from her parents to replace the kitchen and bathroom and have the place redecorated. This gave the appearance of a relatively comfortable lifestyle, but really Lydia had anything but. Her writing career had never truly taken off, and for long periods she had resorted to waiting tables and working in bookshops to pay the bills. At one point, Nina, her closest friend since they studied English Literature together at university, had got her a job at her publishing house for a while, but she had hated it and it had not lasted. Lydia had taken Emily in as a lodger because she needed the extra income. 

Emily was only twenty four, the daughter of a friend of Lydia's mother's. She was a beautiful, redheaded actress, with an unconventional lifestyle. She brought men home, frequently, a procession of them. Occasionally, she brought women home instead. Lydia had grown accustomed to overhearing Emily's nocturnal activities. On one occasion, Lydia had even come home from a shift in a restaurant to find Emily with a well known stage actor around twice her age, the two of them a tangle of bare limbs on the rug on Lydia's living room floor. Emily had instinctively cupped her breasts with her hands when Lydia walked in, and then burst out laughing at Lydia's shock, as Lydia closed the door on them and retreated to her bedroom.

Still hungry, Lydia picked up her phone and called for a cab. 

---------

James had almost finished packing too. He had the radio on and had not heard Nina open and close the front door as she came in, so he was momentarily startled when he turned around to find her standing in front of him in their bedroom. She had a gleam in her eye and a thin smile on her lips. 

"What's up with you?" he asked. Instead of answering, Nina just pulled her dress over her head, walked over to him in her underwear, put her hands on his chest and started kissing him ravenously. Before James really knew what was happening, their clothes were strewn across the floor, and Nina had him on his back on the bed and was on top of him. Impatiently, she pushed herself down onto his cock and sighed. 

They had been together for five years, and James could not remember seeing his wife this single-minded and assertive in the bedroom. He was not about to complain, though. He lay back and enjoyed the sight of Nina's jiggling breasts and her face contorted in pleasure, as the bed creaked beneath them. As she rode him, hard and fast, she used her fingers to gradually bring herself to a shuddering orgasm.

As Nina lay on top of him, getting her breath back, James wondered what had brought this on. Nina was by no means shy, reserved or passive in the bedroom, but nor was she normally this voracious without him first bringing her out of her shell. He did not have much time to wonder, though, because now Nina was off him and onto all fours, her eyes fixed on his. He did not need a second invitation. 

Nina was not entirely sure what had triggered all of this in her that day either. It must have been a combination of the heat, the prospect of a long holiday, and attracting the attention of a handsome stranger on a train. All she knew was that she could not stop smiling to herself, down on her hands and knees as her husband fucked her frenetically from behind. With immense satisfaction, she heard James let out a low grunt and then, a second later, her lust was finally fully sated as she felt him come.

---------

As Alex walked up the street to the terraced house where James and Nina lived, he recognised Lydia getting out of her cab outside. They said hello and smiled at each other. They had met a few times before. 

Alex liked Lydia, and was fascinated by her. She was clever, funny and completely unafraid of a difficult or controversial opinion. But she was also somehow not quite comfortable in her own skin, and it was always obvious to him that she was not happy. Lydia liked Alex as well. Obviously, he was out to charm the clothes off almost every woman who crossed his path, but he was never deceitful about it and he always appeared genuinely interested in everybody he met. His charms had not yet worked on Lydia but, for a long time, neither had anybody else's. 

Alex took Lydia's suitcase for her and followed her up the short path to the front door. 

--------

Nina was still lying naked in James's arms when the doorbell rang. She jumped up, threw her dress on and hurried down the stairs to the front door. James followed behind her, having quickly got himself dressed, to see her exchanging hugs and kisses with Lydia and Alex in the hallway as he came down the stairs. 

Alex noticed that James and Nina both had unkempt hair and slightly dishevelled clothes, and guessed immediately that they had very recently finished fucking. He smiled to himself. Good for you, Jimmy boy, he thought. His discretely looked Nina up and down, felt the blood rush to his cock as he caught sight of the shape of her nipples poking through the thin material of her dress, and quickly looked away again. 

Alex, Lydia and James sat at the kitchen table whilst Nina poured white wine. Standing there in front of them, with nothing on under her fairly flimsy dress, Nina felt suddenly very conscious of her own body, and then quickly felt arousal begin to creep up on her again. She tried to quell it by turning away from them and focusing all her attention on the wine glasses, but she suspected that both her husband and his friend were looking at her backside as she did so.

The four of them caught up over dinner. Lydia was withdrawn and seemed pensive, even after several glasses of wine, and it was Alex and Nina between them who dominated the conversation. Alex thought, not for the first time, that James and Nina made a slightly odd couple. Nina had an ease and a joie de vivre about her that sensible, dependable James lacked. Perhaps that meant that they complemented each other, Alex speculated. 

After they had eaten, Nina and James went to prepare their two spare bedrooms for Lydia and Alex, who remained in the kitchen to clear up and wash the dishes. 

"You seem in a thoughtful mood tonight," said Alex as he scrubbed a saucepan. 

Lydia gave him a blank look and said "oh, no not really". 

Alex decided not to push that any further. He paused and then said "so, how are things with you - are you seeing anybody at the moment?"

Lydia snapped back "no, and if that's your way of asking me out, I'm not interested". She could see that Alex had been taken aback by this, that that was not how he intended his question, and that she had been unfair on him. "I'm sorry" she said. "It's just been a long week. I think I'm going to go to bed". 

---------

Later on, once Nina had finally finished packing, James found himself lying on their bed as his wife, on her knees, carefully and intently sucked his cock. Returning from the bathroom after brushing her teeth, she had casually removed her clothes and told him that she wanted him to fuck her again. 

Nina had waved away James's protestations that Lydia and Alex might hear them. In fact, he suspected that she wanted them to. That would explain why she was now making exaggerated moans as she sat astride him and he watched his cock disappear into her and then re-emerge with each movement of her hips. He took in the sight of his wife's body, her lean thighs, her flat white belly, her firm breasts, her hard little rose-pink nipples, the hairless triangle between her legs. 

---------

Lying in bed, Alex heard the unmistakable sounds emanating from the next room. He smiled to himself, and began to wonder guiltily whether it would be worth sacrificing his friendship with James for a shot at seducing Nina. 

--------

Nina was down on all fours. James gripped her long, lustrous hair, as she had asked him to, and his eyes travelled from the back of her head, down the curve of her spine, to the ripple that passed through the flesh of her buttocks with every powerful thrust of his pelvis. She had gone from exaggerated moans to low, guttural groans, as she felt him deep, deep inside her.

--------

Lydia was wide awake in the dark. The muffled sounds of Nina's erotic ecstasy had brought on a painful mixture of arousal and envy, which churned in the pit of her stomach. She began to dread the next two weeks, as she listened to the headboard banging faster and faster against the other side of the wall, just inches from her head. And then, abruptly, it stopped, and her agony began to subside.

-------- 

Utterly spent, James knelt on the bed and held Nina from behind. Both of them were breathing heavily, overheated and drenched in sweat. His left arm was wrapped around her midriff and his right around her chest, his hand cupping her left breast, behind which he could feel her heart pounding. When they finally uncoupled and lay down, they were asleep in seconds.