 When Sam woke up, Crystal was nowhere to be seen. He had no idea what time it was, but it was already blazing hot. Slightly hungover, his head swimming a little, his vision hazy, Sam climbed out of bed and pulled on his boxers and a pair of shorts, then wandered out into the living room. The villa appeared to be deserted. He headed for the kitchen. 

Karen stood in the doorway watching Sam. She had been sunbathing by the pool and had heard him in the kitchen. She could not help but admire his chiselled arms and torso as he tipped his head back and downed a large glass of water. He caught sight of her and she smiled at how startled he was. 

"I thought there was nobody else here. Where are they all?"

"You've just missed them, they've all gone down to the beach."

"Crystal?"

"Yeah, Crystal too. I volunteered to stay here in case Miranda and Nick got here early and you still weren't up." 

There was an awkward silence between them, during which Sam's eyes lingered for a little too long on Karen's firm and sturdy body, glossy with sun cream, clad in nothing but a black bikini. 

"Coffee?" he asked. 

"Yes please. I'll give you a hand." 

As Karen got two coffee cups out of the cupboard and Sam took the milk out of the fridge, their bodies brushed against each other, bare skin on bare skin. 

"Sorry" said Karen, as Sam turned away to find a spoon. 

Karen stood leaning against the counter, Sam now facing her a few feet away. 

"So, did you have fun last night?" he asked. 

"Yeah, it was a good night" said Karen, smiling inwardly as images of her sex session with Alex flickered through her mind and she suddenly wondered whether Sam, or indeed any of the others, had heard them. 

Sam smiled weakly and there was another moment of silence.

"For what it's worth" said Karen, "as much as I love Crystal, I think she treats you badly and I don't think you deserve it. You're a good guy, Sam." 

Impulsively, Sam stepped towards Karen and kissed her softly on the lips. Karen was surprised but, equally impulsively, she kissed him back. He spun her round and started kissing her neck and shoulders, and she surrendered to it and sighed. She felt his hands move upwards until they were feeling her breasts through her bikini. At the same time, he pushed his body closer to hers, and through his shorts his rapidly stiffening prick pressed against her backside. They kissed again, long and hard. 

Karen turned around to face Sam, and a look passed between them that they both knew meant that yes, they really were going to do this. Sam slipped off his shorts and boxers and stood there naked, his huge erection jutting out in front of him. Karen responded by taking off her bikini, her eyes fixed on his the whole time. They returned to kissing, this time with Sam massaging Karen's breasts at the same time. 

Karen hopped up onto the counter and spread her legs, and a second later felt all of Sam's massive cock inside her. She wrapped one arm round his shoulders and propped herself up with the other one, whilst he confidently put his hands under her thighs and lifted them to help get just the right angle for his thrusts, which prompted her to start moaning. He began to fuck her faster and harder and her hand hit a coffee cup, which tipped over, rolled, fell to the floor and smashed. They barely noticed. 

Karen could see that Sam wanted to be in control, and she wanted to let him. He withdrew, pulled her off the counter, spun her round and bent her over. And then, almost as if in one fluid motion, he was inside her again. Briefly, she wondered what it would be like if the others came home, the shocked faces as they found her stark naked and bent over in the kitchen, her best friend's boyfriend taking her from behind. That thought did not last long, and she focused instead on the blissful sensation of Sam fucking her.

Sam, meanwhile, was completely lost in what he was doing. The coffee cup, the kitchen, the villa, the others, even Crystal - they might as well have not existed at that moment. His senses were heightened: the physical feeling of his great shaft inside Karen and his hands on her hips; the sight of her shapely buttocks and breasts, and the way that they moved in response to his thrusts; the sound of her moans and gasps and their bodies smacking together. 

Karen could feel Sam fucking her harder and harder. She heard her own moans and gasps turn into high pitched squeaks at the force of his pelvis slamming against her, his cock sending a huge jolt of pleasure through her body each time. 

At last, Sam could contain himself no longer. As he came inside Karen, he felt as though his dick was on fire. 

As Karen came down from her sexual high, still standing naked in the kitchen, she searched herself for guilt and shame at what she had just done. To her surprise, she found very little. 

The same could not be said for Sam, even though he was the one who had initiated it. The enormity of the situation hit him like a train. Hardly able to even look at Karen, he scrambled around for his shorts and boxers and walked quickly back to his bedroom. Once inside, he got straight into the shower. "Did that really just happen?" he asked himself in his head. "Did I really just fuck my girlfriend's best friend?" 

Karen, meanwhile, calmly put her bikini back on and began clearing up the broken coffee cup. 

--

In a cafe on the beach, Alex sat down opposite Lydia and passed her a cup of coffee.

"So, last night was good, wasn't it? Let's see if we can all keep that up for the next two weeks" said Alex. 

"I doubt it" laughed Lydia. She was much more relaxed now than Alex had seen her before. She was in the same short, white dress she had worn to the airport the day before. Underneath it, he could make out a stylish yellow bikini.

"Karen's a character, isn't she?" said Alex. 

"That's one way of putting it" said Lydia. "We don't have a lot in common, to be honest, but she's really good fun." 

Alex watched Lydia's face. She gave no hint of being aware that Alex and Karen had had sex the night before. She glanced over to where Nina and James were lying side by side on their towels on the sand. Nina was on her belly, shades on, red bikini top unclasped to avoid tan lines on her back. James still had his shirt on, his head buried in a book. Crystal was nowhere to be seen; still seeming preoccupied with Sam, she had decided to go for a walk. 

Surveying the scene, Lydia had a sudden flashback to a glorious afternoon spent with Josh on a beach very like this one. Afterwards, she had not been able to keep her hands off him, their clothes strewn across the floor as she rode him on a chair in their hotel room. She struggled to believe the amount of sexual confidence she had had then. She banished the memory from her mind. 

"Are you ok?" said Alex.

"Oh, sorry, yes, I'm fine. Just in a world of my own. I haven't been on a holiday like this in a long time and the last time I was... well, not single."

"How long have you been single for?"

"About three years." Lydia cringed as she said it. 

"Wow."

"Oh don't get me wrong, I've dated in that time, it's just never gone anywhere." It was true that Lydia had gone on dates, but they really had not gone anywhere. It pained her to be reminded of it yet again, but since Josh she had not had sex, had not been touched intimately by a man in three years. The break up had hit her hard, and she had found no man since who measured up to her standards. 

"That surprises me. I would've thought you'd have men falling over themselves to date you." He could see immediately that the flattery had very little effect on her. 

"Who says I haven't? Maybe they just haven't been good enough for me." Her tone was playful, rather than confrontational, which took Alex slightly by surprise. 

"So what would be good enough for you?"

"That really is the one million dollar question" she smiled. 

Alex looked up and saw Nina walking towards them. He had never seen this much of her body before. It was glorious: she was tall, slim, delicate but far from physically weak, with milky white skin and brown hair that caressed her shoulders.

"I can't tear James away from his book" said Nina. "So I thought I'd come over here for conversation."

"Well" said Lydia. "I'll leave Alex to keep you entertained, because I fancy a swim." 

While Nina went to the counter to get a coffee, Alex's eyes followed Lydia as she walked over to where James was and gingerly took off her dress. She was even taller, slimmer and paler than Nina, her hair a mess of unruly curls where Nina's was generally immaculately straightened. 

Lydia took a deep breath and began picking her way between all the bronzed bodies down towards the sea. She did not really understand why she felt so acutely conscious of her own body. It was if everybody was looking at her, although she knew that, in reality, nobody was. It came as a relief when she was able to plunge herself into the cold water and leave only her head visible to the crowds.

Nina sat down where Lydia had been sitting, opposite Alex. She looked at him, tilted her head, smiled slightly, regarded him quizzically. 

"What?" said Alex, confused. 

"You and Karen?" Nina said, arching her eyebrows. 

He was taken aback that she had raised it so directly. "Ah, yes, that." 

"I'm just trying to make you squirm" Nina laughed. "Don't worry, I'm not going to judge either of you. You're both single and what goes on behind closed doors between consenting adults is nobody else's business." 

Alex could not shake the feeling that, in a slightly clumsy way, Nina was trying to flirt with him. Perhaps having been in a relationship for so long she was out of practice. He noticed that James was watching them out of the corner of his eye, trying to pretend he was not looking at them. Nina was facing away from James and had not realised.

"Amen to that, sister" said Alex. "At least you don't have being single to worry about. You make a great couple, you and James." 

"Yes" said Nina, although to Alex's surprise she did not sound at all sure. "He's very good to me."

Alex saw that Nina was looking suddenly wistful, and he decided to lighten the mood. "And is it true what they say about sex after marriage?" 

Nina burst out laughing. "Oh, absolutely - there's no more fucking for us now!"

Alex laughed as well, and the two of them held eye contact for several seconds longer than they should have done.

--

Crystal had decided to walk back up to the villa. Her mind was still going over and over the situation with Sam, and she was exhausted. As she approached, she saw a cab outside and recognised Nick, the husband of Nina's friend Miranda, lifting suitcases out of the boot. She had met Nick a few times before. He was older than the rest of the group, probably in his early forties. He was rich, having inherited money and invested it (by all accounts very well) in a substantial property portfolio. He was overbearing and arrogant, but Crystal had to admit that he was also charismatic and good-looking: well over six feet tall and muscular, with a strong jaw and neat, dark brown hair flecked with grey. 

"Nick!"

"Crystal, hi!"

They exchanged a slightly awkward hug and she followed him through the front door. In the living room, Karen stood in her bikini talking to Miranda. There was a substantial age gap between Miranda and Nick - she was only 28. She had had a successful career as an estate agent, which was how she and Nick had met, but after he proposed to her she had given it up to become a part-time yoga instructor. Like Nick, Miranda was tall and athletic. She was already gently bronzed, clearly the product of a very good tanning salon. She had stylishly wavy, shoulder length blonde hair. She wore a short, dark green dress, and Crystal looked in envy at her firm, muscular thighs. 

"Hello Crystal!" said Miranda, hugging her with real affection. Over Miranda's shoulder, Crystal saw Nick checking Karen out with very little subtlety. 

"Hi Nick, how are you?" said Karen, completely comfortable with the attention. 

--

On the beach, Lydia lay sunbathing beside James. Nina had gone for a walk and Alex for a swim. Lydia kept stealing furtive glances at James, and each time they triggered flashbacks to the fantasy she had had about him the night before, in which she was underneath him, feeling his cock inside her. She pushed the thoughts out of her mind and tried to read.

James put his own book down. "Are you alright?" he said. "You seem a bit agitated."

"Oh, I'm just trying to get comfortable." 

She looked away from him and he quickly looked her up and down. He had never seen her like this before, and it was undeniable: she was beautiful. His eyes took in her long, slim legs and her shapely backside, and he smiled to himself. 

Suddenly Alex appeared, standing above them. James wondered whether Alex had seen him looking at Lydia. The smile on Alex's face seemed to suggest that he had. 

--

Back at the villa, Miranda stood naked in front of the bathroom mirror, trying to decide which of her bikinis to wear. She saw Nick's reflection as he walked in and stood a few feet behind her, admiring every inch of her body. He smiled and, in a very matter of fact way, started removing his own clothes until he too was naked, his colossal, erect cock jutting out in front of him. In the mirror, she smiled and raised her eyebrows at him. Things like this were not uncommon: they had been together for two years, married for almost one, and they still had sex at least once a day, as they had done since the beginning. Sometimes it would be quick and breathless - first thing in the morning, in the middle of the afternoon when work allowed, or in the middle of the night. On other occasions, they would spend long evenings in bed together, Miranda in heaven as Nick gave her orgasm after earth-shattering orgasm. They had similarly healthy appetites 

Nick walked up to Miranda, grabbing her from behind and kissing her lips and then her neck and shoulders. She laughed as his hands went straight to her wonderful, firm breasts, squeezing and massaging them. She felt his dick pressed against her lower back, and sensed herself getting wet. 

Confidently, Nick bent Miranda over the bathroom counter. She loved this about him: he did not wait or ask permission, he knew what he wanted and he got it. She moaned as, from behind, he thrust two fingers into her, sliding them in and out a few times to make sure she was wet enough. Then, a few seconds later, she felt him push that huge cock inside her, and very soon he was fucking her hard, his left hand on her hip, his right holding on to her shoulder and sometimes moving up to gently but firmly pull on her hair. 

Miranda was vocal during sex, partly because she knew Nick liked it. "Oh yes, baby, oh fuck yeah, fuck me" she implored in between her moans. 

Nick beamed to himself, taking in the view of Miranda's magnificent backside as his pelvis slammed against it and the reflection of her fantastic breasts jumping around. Then he looked at her face in the mirror, her eyes screwed shut, her features contorted in sheer pleasure, and took a moment to congratulate himself on his own prowess. 

Nick stopped, withdrew and spun Miranda around. She smiled contentedly as she hopped up onto the counter. Authoritatively, he grabbed her by the thighs and spread her legs wide, and she slipped and fell backwards, gently hitting her head on the mirror. They both laughed, but only briefly, because then his dick was inside her again, their eyes locked together as she reacted to his forceful thrusts with moans and enjoyed the sound of their bodies smacking together. 

After a few minutes of this, Miranda rasped "you want me from behind again, don't you?". When he nodded enthusiastically, she quickly slipped off the counter, spun round, bent over and presented herself to him, looking back over her shoulder in anticipation. 

"Jesus Christ, Miranda, your arse is incredible."

She laughed. "Come on, babe - less talking and more fucking!"

And with that, he was inside her again. She groaned, gasped and squealed at his relentless pounding, loving the authority with which he held her hips firmly whilst fucking her, until at last she felt him come. 

They remained there for a couple of minutes, Nick holding Miranda as he felt his dick gradually soften inside her and finally slip out. 

"That was fucking amazing!" he told her. She smiled and went to get into the shower. 

--

Out on the terrace, Karen lay on her back on a sun lounger, eyes closed, working on her tan and thinking uneasily about what had happened with Sam. She heard somebody sit down next to her, opened her eyes and felt her heart jump into her mouth when she realised it was Crystal, resplendent in a stylish bikini the colour of red wine. 

Karen envied Crystal's skin tone, curves, and dark, lustrous hair. She wondered if, sub-consciously, that was part of the reason she had surrendered to sex with Sam so easily - some sense of resentment that Crystal had so much, and seemed so unaware of it.

"You've been keeping yourself to yourself today" said Crystal. "It's not like you - are you alright?"

"Oh, yeah, I'm fine" said Karen. "I'm just a bit tired after last night." 

"I bet you are" said Crystal, with a wicked smile. 

Karen was confused for a moment. What had happened with Sam that morning had almost made her forget what had happened the previous night. 

"You heard about me and Alex then?"

"Nina told me. She heard you, you know. So did James." 

"Great." Karen managed to both wince and smile simultaneously. 

"So, do you think it'll... turn into anything?"

"No, definitely not."

"So it was just sex?"

"Yeah. Yeah, it was just sex." 

Crystal could see that, for some reason, Karen did not want to talk about it, and so she decided not to push any further. 

-- 

Sam sat pensively on the bed. He wondered if he should confess to Crystal. He wondered how he would confess to Crystal. He wondered if Karen would confess to Crystal first. He decided that he thought it was unlikely. He decided that if Karen was not going to say anything, and if his relationship with Crystal was doomed anyway, then he was not going to destroy Crystal's friendship with Karen by telling her. It was a decision that made him feel incredibly guilty, however much he justified it to himself. 

He almost jumped out of his skin when the door opened and Crystal walked in. 

"What are you doing?" she said. 

"Nothing. Look, why don't we go out for dinner tonight, just the two of us? I'd love to just spend some proper time with you."

"No" said Crystal. "I don't really want to spend much time with you at the moment, to be honest." She found the pair of sunglasses she was looking for and walked out again. 

---

After the excesses of the night before, they decided to have a relatively quiet evening. They sat around a long table on the terrace, sipping wine rather than gulping it. 

Alex and James manned the kitchen, cooking large quantities of pasta with salmon and a creamy white wine sauce. His eye on Nina and Lydia out on the terrace, Alex said "so, am I going mad, or did I see you thoroughly checking out Lydia's arse on the beach earlier?"

James stopped and immediately went crimson.

"I'm sorry, mate, I didn't mean to embarrass you" said Alex. 

"No, no, that's ok. I mean, I might be happily married, but I'm still a man, aren't I?"

James turned away to stir a pan of sauce and Alex grinned to himself behind his back. 

--

Out on the terrace, Nina was listening to Nick talk about his property development business. Miranda and Karen (who was trying to avoid both Crystal and Sam) were sitting next to them. 
