 It had taken me nearly three days of sleeping and eating fresh food to get the feel of the desert out of my system and off my skin. Now I was heading for the open moors of the Northern Counties. I had been debriefed by my unit and I had, in my turn, debriefed a couple of the divorced ladies of the town to ease an itch that sleep and good food couldn't ease. 

Money was no problem. I hadn't been anywhere that I could spend any for eight months and that had been my third similar tour in three years. I could live like a prince during my leave, but I had other plans. It was mid-September and I had twenty eight days of leave in which to re-acquaint myself with my home environment and I wasn't wasting a moment of that time.

I was having a hiking and camping holiday such as those I used have as a youth, which was why I was now carefully picking my way alongside a river which was rapidly rising because of the storm and cloudburst conditions that had begun two hours earlier.

This had not been mentioned when I'd checked the weather reports for this area prior to setting out this morning.

I'd spent years hiking and camping around this area as a teenager so I was now hurriedly making my way to a cave which I knew would provide shelter from any storm conditions.

There is a rock wall blocking this valley with a waterfall down the face and a steep, slippery, pathway to the top of the cliff, which in places was actually an almost vertical climb. I found a soaked and shivering woman at the foot of the climb.

"What happened?"

"I slipped and went under the waterfall."

This was no place or time for introductions. I hoisted her to her feet, shoved her up the path and started up the climb which meant that, at times, my head was firmly wedged between her thighs and against her soft underside. 

In other circumstances we both might have enjoyed this, but she needed to get dry and warm before hypothermia set in. I was already carrying a large backpack of my own and the one she had was not much smaller so, even though she was small and light, I had a struggle to get us to the top before my strength went.

Once at the top she tried to lie down, but I dragged her across the heather to a large rock, behind which was a narrow ledge. This lead to a cave which was as weather proof as any cave I'd ever seen. The entrance was a narrow slot which was the start of a sinuous passage, five metres long and sloping upwards.

She obviously knew about the cave because she eased her way along the ledge without hesitation.

Before I did the same I took a LED light from my pack, switched it on, and then entered to begin the task of getting her warm and dry before she became a medical problem.

I opened my pack, pulled a tube from the centre of my pack which was in fact a sleeping bag wrapped in a ground sheet which I spread on the floor. Pulling a towel out for her, I told her get her boots off before standing on the ground sheet, and then take the rest of her clothes off.

"What?"

"Get your kit off and start drying yourself while I sort some warm stuff for you to put on. I take it all your gear is soaked?" 

"Some stuff is in plastic 'Ziploc' bags but nothing warm. Even so, I'm not stripping in here with you around."

I did my imitation of a conjurer and pulled out a large mug and a self-heating tin of broth. I pulled the tab on the tin and a minute later poured the hot broth into the mug and turned to give it to her.

"Get that inside you and get your clothes off or I'll do it for you. I'm not after your body; I just don't fancy having to get you to a hospital if you don't do it now. You're shivering and shaking, soon you'll turn blue and it won't suit you, so be sensible."

As I spoke I began to strip my own wet outer clothing off so that I could get dry and into something warm.

"Turn round; I'm not stripping with you staring at me."

"I said be sensible, I'm also wet and cold and in no mood to prat around with your modesty issues." 

"It's not modesty; I'm embarrassed because I've never undressed in front of a man."

"Well I suggest you use this opportunity to get that problem out of the way because the outcome will be nothing like what will happen when you do it in more normal circumstances. I'm not standing here with baited breath, but I am getting colder and angrier, so move it."

She turned away from me and started removing her clothing as I found some stuff for her to wear. She had a towel so now I found a warm shirt, a sweater, and some thick socks for her. I told her to take them and as she turned to reach for them she revealed two things.

The first was that although she wasn't flat chested; she possessed lovely nipples, pink and erect, but on top of small breasts. I was surprised at how erotic that was.

The second thing she revealed was that, despite her never having undressed in front of a man before, she was extremely interested in what I looked like in the genital department. I know this because she never took her eyes of that area of my body.

I do admit to carrying out a quick inspection of her body. She was slim, and despite her small breasts she was very definitely female. Her waist, hips, thighs and buttocks were all any man could wish to see.

Once she'd donned my offerings, she opened her soaking rucksack and pulled out a plastic bag which held her underwear and was, naturally enough, a lot happier. Unfortunately she was still without dry trousers and I provided my spare trousers, which were far too large, but at least they covered the areas that were making me sweat. .

I gave her a LED lamp of her own, showed her to the 'liquids only' toilet hole, at the rear of the cave. When she returned, I told her to get in the sleeping bag, which she did. Her mood rapidly changed when I slid in beside her and zipped the bag closed. It took some force to stop her struggling so that I could explain that she needed warmth and I was the only source of that.

She was shivering violently and finally allowed me to hold her tightly, from behind, so that she got some warmth from my body. Then we drifted off to sleep.

I do believe that if there had been any room for manoeuvre in the bag, I would have been pulped. I awoke to the experience of being battered in the face from the pounding that the back of her head was giving it. She was struggling to turn, but was unable to do so and had resorted to yelling at me to 'get my filthy paws off her'.

That was when I realized that my hands had taken up the position that any man's hands would take up if he was holding a woman, from behind, in bed. I had not gone beneath any clothing, I had not in fact, touched any flesh, but my hands were over her chest and she'd panicked.

It took time to calm her and get her to realize that I had been asleep and had not attempted to grope her. She ceased struggling, but asked me to open the sleeping bag as she needed to get up. I did as she asked, but as she struggled to a sitting position her hands went onto my groin which at that moment was sporting a 'stiffy'.

She probably had no idea that this was caused because I also needed to use the 'facility', no matter how basic it was. I tried to move myself to lessen the contact, but she'd already grasped the situation, and I think she enjoyed it, I know I did.

She gasped, but instead of leaping up, she hung on.

"Is that what I think it is?"

"That depends on what you think it is. It is me, but it is caused by a need to pass water so please let go of it and hurry up with your toilet so that I can revert to a more relaxed mode."

We spent the next hour packing everything away and exiting the cave to find that although the rain had long since stopped, there was still a wind to contend with.

As we hiked across the moor I found that she had been intending to go into the next village and put up there for the night, but the storm had progressed so quickly she knew she'd never make it. Instead she'd headed for the cave which she knew of but had never been to, which is where I came in.

"My name is Lisa; I'm a computer systems security analyst. I'm from Bristol, and if you make any joke about that then I shall hit you and hate you. Where are we going? I need to eat and bathe and dry my kit out." 

"We're going to the village you were heading for, there's a café there that does all day breakfasts and then we're going a little further to a hiker's base camp-site which is run by a...friend, and at this time of the year she'll have vacancies.

You'll have a bed, a bathroom and access to laundry facilities. I'm Max; I was born and raised in the village we're going to. My family used to farm around here, but dad had had enough and mother wanted sun and sea so they sold up and now live in Spain."

"I'm sorry for being so rude and thankless last night. I've never experienced being spoken to so forthrightly before, and you were doing your best to help me. I'm not going to apologise for this morning though, you were stroking me."

"For that, I apologise. Even though I was unaware of my action I realize that it can't have been pleasant knowing that you were trapped with a sex crazed monster and couldn't escape his clutches."

"You're making fun of me. You may have had loads of experiences, but I never have, and I was scared."

"Once again I apologise, it had never occurred to me that a woman as pretty and as shapely as you, would have never experienced close, intimate contact. I make too many assumptions; I suppose being in the forces does that to a man."

"About that other thing that happened; I have to apologise for grabbing your... err... member, I couldn't believe how big and hard it was. I was so embarrassed when I realized what I'd done."

"I don't know about you, but I enjoyed it. If you want to carry out an analysis of that incident, be my guest."

She was saved from having to reply because we'd reached the cafe. It was owned by one of my old school pals so we had a chat about the latest happenings in the village, very few of any noteworthiness. My 'friend' Sheila, had been very successful with her 'Hiker's and Ramblers Camp', which pleased me as I knew it was something she'd always wanted to set up.

After we'd eaten, we went on our way again. It was a quiet walk to the campsite, I had the feeling that Lisa had reached a fork in her particular path, and this hardened into certainty when she asked me for my age and occupation. 

"I'm thirty and I'm a member of Her Majesties Armed Forces. You can have my Number and rank if you wish, you already know my name.

"I'm gay."

"I'm feeling happy myself after that breakfast."

"Don't pretend you don't understand what I said. I'm telling you because I don't want you to think that I'm a total novice, I've just never been involved with males. I prefer females."

"Well we agree on something then, I also prefer females. Why did you feel the need to tell me that you have had sexual experiences of whatever kind, and what did my age and occupation have to do with the release of that information?"

"You really don't believe in making a difficult situation any easier for someone do you?"

"I honestly wasn't aware that there was a difficult situation. You wanted to tell me something I had no need to know, and I wondered why."

At that moment we were arriving at the entrance to the camp so the subject went onto the back burner, but I was very interested in what her answer would be.

Once Sheila had recovered from the surprise at our arrival, especially mine, and I'd recovered from the hugs and kisses which were lavished upon me it turned out that we were more than welcome to stay for as long as we wished because, now that the school holidays were over, the place was empty. 

The cabins were in the process of being refurbished in readiness for next the year, but we could have one of the completed cabins which were sited at the rear of site. As the cabins were sited behind hedges they had a degree of privacy not normally found on camp sites. 

Apparently these were normally referred to as 'lover's lairs, information which was imparted with a questioning look at me, especially when she said that the bed was new but I just grinned and said that it wasn't likely to be put under any undue strain then. 

Sheila led us to a cabin, made sure the gas heating and electricity was on and said she'd expect us at her house, which was the bungalow we'd passed on the way up the drive, at seven o'clock as she was going to treat us to dinner at her place. 

All we wanted was a bath and some quality sleeping time. As we waited for the hot water to be ready we sorted our packs. Lisa's clothes were all soaked, so they were destined for the washing machine. There was a supply of washing powder along with a fairly new washing machine so we were good to go.

Lisa had her soak, and to be honest, I was surprised at how soon she re-appeared.

"I know you're just as cold and tired as I am, so I'll save the real soak for tomorrow. Please be quiet when you've finished, I want to get some sleep."

I bathed; I crawled into bed, smiled at the two pillows down the centre of the bed and drifted off to sleep.

I had never been masturbated whilst I was asleep, so this was a very pleasant and refreshing addition to my awakening experiences. I opened my eyes to the view of a very pert bottom beside my face as Lisa knelt alongside me. As I lay there, pretending to be asleep, she moved to get between my legs and I felt a warm, wet sensation on my cock. I focused my eyes and could see Lisa kneeling between my legs, with her head moving up and down over my cock.

She had about half of my 8 inches in her hot mouth. I could pretend no longer. The feeling was wonderful. She continued to suck for a few minutes before pulling her mouth away to allow her to change position and squat over my hard cock which she was guiding to the entrance to her vagina so that she could fuck me at her pace. 

Her pace was slow. And we both savoured every tiny sensation as she raised and lowered herself along my shaft. She asked me to massage her breasts as she rode me, with her eyes closed. It was soft and gentle until I rolled her erect nipples between my finger and thumbs. That triggered an enormous climax causing her to collapse in a heap on top of me. Fortunately, I managed to refrain from filling her with my sperm as she did this, and I decided that this was exactly the right moment to see if she really did prefer females, because what I'd just experienced appeared to indicate that she wasn't a total novice around the male member.

I rolled her over onto her back, and spread her long legs apart. I didn't waste any time in getting between them, and my still erect cock found its own way to her vaginal entrance. It was a tight fit so I took her gently, easing my rigid cock slowly into that hot, moist tunnel. 

Once I was fully inside her, I rested for a moment and then withdrew until only my helmet was inside her. I immediately thrust the whole length of my erection back down her tunnel until I met her cervix at which point I stopped moving and just rocked her. After a minute or two she tried to lift her pelvis and whispered.

"Please."

I pulled back and then began to use my cock as she wanted me to. I slid in and out of her body with ever increasing speed as she thrust her pelvis up to meet my groin coming down. She was a furnace and I stoked her until she erupted once again with her legs wrapped around me and her arms holding me close to her until her spasms subsided.

Once Lisa had recovered some composure she disappeared into the bathroom for an hour, and on her return, all pink and feminine she asked me lie in my back. Intrigued, I did as asked, and as soon as I'd done that, she straddled my head. She had a hand wrapped around my cock, which immediately began to become erect, and was just lowering her mouth onto the head of my cock as I very quickly lifted her up, slid my hands between her thighs and forced them apart as I lowered her back down. 

I could now see, smell, and taste her vagina and as my tongue speared into that burning orifice she moaned.

She moaned, she squirmed and she forced herself onto my mouth and tongue at this end of my body as she forced her mouth down my erection at the other end. I licked, I nibbled, and I sucked that hot, soft, and oh so sweet, offering. She began to pant, I began to thrust my erection upwards until, once again, our two worlds exploded, and she produced an orgasmic jet of her own for me to savour. 

She climbed off me and set about making us a cup of coffee as I headed for a quick pee and a shower.

When I returned, Lisa pointed to the living room. I entered to find Sheila sitting in an armchair with a big smile and a bag. She handed the bag to me as she explained that she'd realized that Lisa didn't have any outer clothing to wear until her stuff was dry and ironed, and so, because her partner was around the same size as Lisa, she'd raided her wardrobe for something suitable for the evening, and brought it up to the cabin.

She'd assumed we'd be fast asleep and not wanting to disturb us, she'd let herself in to put the bag where we'd find it in the living room. We'd been so engrossed in our activities that we heard nothing so she'd been treated to a very arousing scene. It had been all the more surprising as she'd interpreted my earlier comment to mean that we were not an item.

Sheila advised me that she really wanted an invitation to participate in any sequels. Turning to Lisa, she asked her if she had a problem with that suggestion. 

Lisa smiled and said that she and I had merely been scratching an itch, and as she had been living with a confirmed Lesbian for the past year, she had absolutely no problem with finding out if she'd still got stuff to learn.

Sheila headed for the door, but as she departed she told us that her partner had gone home for a couple of weeks to see her parents, which meant that the nights had become long and empty. 

As Lisa opened the bag and inspected its contents, I brought up the subject of inconsistencies in her claim to be inexperienced around men. She pointed out that; as a lone girl, closeted in a cave with a six foot male who appeared to be overly keen to get her undressed, she had to use every means possible to appear unappealing.

"Well my love, that didn't work. You looked, and you still do, very appealing indeed. What excuse do you have to explain the accomplished manner in which you got me to take part in one of the most satisfying fuck sessions that I can recall?"

"I may not have lots of 'hands on' experience with men, but I can watch porn like anyone else. It doesn't take a genius to work out what goes where, and when. I had a couple of bad experiences with boys as a teenager and decided that other females were much nicer, cleaner and show more tenderness than the males. I was correct as well."

"If that was an example of a practical exam then I would love to help you with your education, because I want to be involved in your final degree exam."

"What that comment about participating in any sequels? I'm not keen on threesomes at all, and certainly not with someone who regards the third member as their property."

"She wouldn't have said that if she didn't like you, or if she'd thought that we were seriously together. It was her way of letting us both know what she would like the near future to have in store for her. There is no way she's going to rekindle what we once had. You are probably being viewed as this evening's dessert.

"We have a history. Sheila and I were born on the same day, at the same time, we grew up together. We had our first sexual experience together, and we enjoyed it so much that we spent all our free time pleasuring each other to exhaustion every chance we got. 

"Dad had an accident on the farm. He had been kicked in the groin by a horse and afterwards he was unable to get any sort of erection, Sheila's dad happily stepped in and screwed two willing women on a very regular basis. Sheila and I found out, but no one outside of our two families was ever the wiser.
