 As Barrin pulled into his driveway he noted how unusual it was to come home for lunch. Most days he dined with clients or co-workers. Occasionally, when their schedules matched, he would meet Maddy at a restaurant. If he felt like being alone, he would sneak away for a snack and read a newspaper.

But yesterday Maddy had left work early with the stomach flu. She had barely made it home in time to drape herself over their toilet bowl. By mid-evening her retches were no more than dry heaves. There was nothing left to come out. With a kiss on the cheek, Barrin tucked an exhausted Maddy into bed. She didn't even stir when he slid underneath the covers beside her later that night.

Still feeling a little queasy, Maddy had phoned in sick in the morning.

Barrin hoped she was feeling better as he climbed out of his car. He had picked up a bouquet of spring flowers at the florist on the way. Surely they would cheer her up.

"Hello!" he called as he walked in the front door.

"Hey," came the reply from the kitchen.

Barrin ducked against the wall and held out the flowers in the kitchen doorway. There was a pause, then a chuckle. "Ahhh, you romantic slob!" he heard Maddy say. The bouquet was suddenly pulled from his grasp.

When Barrin poked his grinning face around the corner, Maddy was waiting for him. "Thanks, lover," she said, planting a wet kiss on his lips.

"Are you sure its safe to do that? Germs all gone?" he asked with mock concern as she turned to lay the flowers on the counter. Barrin took off his coat and draped it over a chair.

"I'm cured, so you're safe," said Maddy. "I just had a nice, long, hot shower and see, I'm even back to eating again." She pointed at the bread crumbs, the open jar of peanut butter and the squeeze bottle of honey on the counter beside her.

It was then Barrin noticed how sexy Maddy looked. She was wearing a large, terrycloth bath robe and apparently not much else, judging by the amount of bare skin exposed. The front opening revealed the swell of her breasts and most of her right leg, thrust out below the casually tied belt. Her hair lay damp and tousled about her pretty face.

Barrin's visual inventory sent a little shiver through Maddy. A nice, warm shiver. "Sooo... what would you like for lunch?" she asked as Barrin stepped towards her.

"Hmmmm," he murmured, reaching for the robe's belt. "I'm not sure what I'm in the mood for." 

Maddy watched with growing interest as he plucked apart the loose knot. Sure enough, the robe fell open, and, sure enough, she was squeaky clean naked underneath. Barrin was greeted by a view of the little patch of trimmed hair at the base of her taut belly. 

"I think I might have found something here that could be tasty," he observed. Maddy felt a twinge in her stomach. For a second she thought her flu was back, but then realized the sensation was a little lower and much more pleasant than the pain she endured the last 24 hours. Ah yes, her pussy had come alive, warming, gathering dew. Yesterday's illness was now the furthest thing from her mind.

"Do you want the full meal deal?" Maddy crooned in his ear. She reached down and discovered a quickly growing bulge in his slacks. Mmmm, she thought, a little lunchtime lovemaking was a pleasure they didn't often get a chance to enjoy.

"Make it... a double order," Barrin replied. Maddy's massaging fingers was making speech difficult. He placed his hands gently on her shoulders and leaned into her.

This time Maddy shivered all over, as Barrin's warm, moist tongue hungrily explored her neck, then moved up to probe and tease her ears. Hastily she reached up and loosened his tie, then began tugging open the buttons of his crisp white shirt as his hot breath and lips skipped down to her collarbone.

Barrin gently slipped the robe off Maddy's delicate shoulders. It fell away, exposing her soft breasts before catching on her arms, which were still busy with his shirt removal. He cupped her bare ass cheeks in his hands just as she undid his last shirt button. Oh God, Maddy sighed to herself, ripping the shirt tails out of his pants, his touch feels so good after yesterday's agony! She lowered her arms and let the robe to fall to the floor.

"Mmm, I want all of you for lunch," Barrin groaned, lifting her onto the counter. Maddy gasped as her naked buttocks landed on the cool arborite. The cold shock only made her feel hotter. 

Barrin's eyes never left her as he stepped back to strip off the rest of his clothes. Maddy laughed as he struggled to get his pants off. To tease him she spread her legs wide apart, then casually reached down and parted her pussy lips, using the index and forefinger of her left hand. With appropriate flair, she lowered the middle finger of her other hand, wiggled her fingertip gently into the moisture gathering in her pink well and pulled the slick dew up over her clit, teasing herself ever-so-lightly. 

"Lunch is served," she said hoarsely, thrilled by Barrin's hungry eyes.

"Just in time," Barrin croaked. Maddy's pussy looked so tender, so wet, so ready! He had to get his undershorts off before his cock ripped right through them. With a desperate swipe he managed to hook one thumb in the waistband and shove them down his legs. Barrin's freed dick bobbed up in front of him, happy to be in action at such a peculiar time of the day. The skin on his bald head stretched tight as blood surged furiously up his veiny shaft. It was all he could do to stop himself from plunging his aching dick straight into Maddy's inviting well of slippery ecstasy.

That's where Maddy wanted it. She grabbed his willing member and pulled him between her parted thighs. But he held back, grunting from the pleasure of her grip, remembering something he had seen.

"That's the main course," he said, pointing between Maddy's legs. "First I need an appetizer or two. And I'm in the mood for a couple of sweetened, succulent breasts." Barrin had the squeeze bottle of honey in his hand.

"Mmmmm..." Maddy crooned. The sight of the sticky gold liquid sent a quiver of expectation through her. She watched as Barrin hovered the squeeze bottle's plastic nozzle over one of her stiff nipples. She pushed her chest out, jutting the swollen peak towards it, seeking stimulation. Then she groaned -- a loud, needy groan -- as Barrin gently pressed the hard tip of the bottle into her rigid stalk. Pins and needles rushed into her breast and down into her groin.

A quick squeeze placed a glistening drop of sticky nectar on the end of each tingling bud. Like an artist admiring his work, Barrin dribbled a thick ring of golden goo around the base of each nipple. The sensation of the plastic spout bumping over her dimpled flesh, followed by Barrin's finger spreading the tacky nectar made another groan slide from Maddy's throat. She leaned back against the cupboard to let him decorate her freely.

Raising the bottle, Barrin drizzled a trail of sticky sweetness from Maddy's neck all the way down to her little thatch of pussy hair. Her breath caught as she felt Barrin's fingers spread her pussy lips apart. She knew what was about to happen. Sure enough, a wave of pleasure swept through her as the cool nectar drizzled slowly over her clit and oozed down into the furrow below. Perhaps it was knowing he was going to have to lick it all off her that made her body shudder so violently. She placed her hands under her knees and pulled her bare legs open wide, angling her pussy upwards, trying to capture every sweet drip.

"Push it in," Maddy croaked in a crazed voice. "Squirt that stuff up inside me!"

Barrin raised his eyebrows in surprise. Wow, he thought, she's really into this. He carefully worked the bottle's bulbous cap and spout through the bubbling pool of nectar into her quivering hole. Maddy grunted as Barrin wiggled and rotated the ribbed cap, giving the bottle a couple of squeezes.

"You realize I'll have to fuck you with my tongue to get all that out," observed Barrin.

"That's a... wonderful... idea!" Maddy gasped. Barrin's comment was almost enough to launch her into bliss. But then he really took her breath away by pulling the cap out of her, sliding the plastic tip up over her swollen love button and teasing it with little circles.

"Oh yes, yes, yes..." Maddy moaned. Honey bubbled onto the countertop as her insides started to contract with joy. She was going to cum quite easily if he kept that up. But before she reached the point of no return, Barrin pulled the tip away and quickly ran a bead of golden syrup up along the inside of her right thigh and down towards her foot. She watched with open-mouthed fascination as Barrin ran the honey down onto her toes. The sticky goo oozing between them made her tremble. 

Barrin repeated the procedure on Maddy's other leg, then stepped back to survey his artwork. Jesus, she looks delicious, he thought, as honey dripped from both sets of toes onto the floor. He wanted nothing more than to bury his throbbing cock into Maddy's overflowing honeypot, but not yet. He threw the almost empty honey container onto the counter, grabbed Maddy's ankles and straightened out her legs.

"Time to eat," He announced as he gobbled Maddy's toes into his mouth.

Oh gawd, oh gawd, oh gawd, Maddy sighed to herself as Barrin suckled and swirled his tongue around each digit, doing his best to wash them clean. This is going to be good! "Make sure... you don't... miss... any!" she moaned.

"I'll try not to," Barrin managed, then grinned as he opened her legs and started licking his way up her shins. His warm, wet tongue quickly snaked along the sticky trail, over her knees, up onto the insides of her thighs. Maddy squirmed with delight as his licker got nearer and nearer to her pussy. She groaned when he stopped at the last little swell of her thighs, rising to inspect the original sticky decorations on her breasts.

"Mmmmm, I almost forgot my favorite snack," he murmured, sticking his tongue out and swirling it around her right nipple, collecting nectar with each revolution. Finally, he pursed his lips and slurped the sticky bud into his mouth like he was sucking sauce off a spaghetti noodle.

"Oh yeahhh, there it is, that's what you like, isn't it..." Maddy crooned as she tangled her long fingers in Barrin's hair and held him to her breast. 

Suckling her nipple, Barrin gently pulled Maddy's gorgeous tit outward, then let her soft flesh bobble back into place by letting go. He repeated this nipple-cleaning process several times, alternating sides, egged on by Maddy's animal cries, until both soft globes glistened with his saliva. 

By the time Barrin's lips and tongue attacked her neck and began to work their way down the last honey trail, Maddy was more than ready to be finished off. When his wet probe reached her belly button, she stretched her legs apart once more, leaned back and invited him home.

"Whooeee, time to taste the Queen Bee," Barrin panted.

"Oh yes! Oh yes-yes-yes Baby! Dive right into my hive with that nasty tongue of yours!" Maddy begged. Obediently his busy tongue swept down between her pussy lips.

He may as well have stung her, the effect was so intense. Maddy cried out with joy as his tongue slobbered past her clit. Groaning, she laid the outside of her feet on top of his muscular shoulders, propped her elbows on her spread thighs and used her fingers to stretch open her honey-covered labia for him. She wanted Barrin's tongue deep.

He obliged. Holding his breath, Barrin snaked his tongue up her tunnel until his nose was buried in Maddy's sticky muff. His insatiable probe wiggled furiously inside her. He couldn't get enough of her sweet taste. 

"My Gawd you're amazing!" Barrin gurgled, coming up for air. "No wonder bears like honey!" he gasped. Pushing Maddy's thighs apart, he plunged back in, frantically suckling Maddy's pussy lips in and out of his mouth, biting, licking and washing each fold, swirling his tongue over her clit, lapping desperately at her hole, in, out, up, around, down, seeking every drop of golden honey. Maddy's eyes squeezed shut, her mouth twisted open. She imagined him as a bear. A grizzly bear, or a giant, hungry, horny Winnie the Pooh, holding her helplessly spread apart, sticking his nose and tongue up inside her, eating her, devouring her!

A strange low moan erupted from the depths of Maddy's throat. It grew as her body tensed, accepting its glorious fate. Frantically, she grabbed the edges of the counter and held on. Her knuckles turned white. Her moan turned into a scream as her body tightened, tightened, and then, oh God, tightened more! And then, wham! She bucked violently into the bear's grovelling mouth, head lurching forward, legs snapping outward as each gut-wrenching explosion ripped through her body.

Barrin had been waiting for her orgasm. Time for the final course! He rose between Maddy's flailing legs, lined her up and pulled her to him, ramming his long, hard meat into her boiling hole.

They both cried out this time. She, from the glorious sensation of him plunging deep inside her. He, from the shocking pleasure of her hot folds swallowing him. Barrin was so aroused from teasing her and watching her cum that his cock was fully loaded and primed. She was the honeypot alright! He was fucking the honeypot! Her pussy felt so soft and gooey and warm and wonderful... beautiful... amazing... meeting each mindblowing thrust! He rose up onto his toes as his groin began to burn.

"Fuck me Honey Bear!" Maddy wailed, clawing at his chest. "Fuck me! Fuck me! FUCK ME!"

Her desperate chant sent Barrin over the top. He held on for dear life as the roots of his body got tangled up, seized and began to snap. And then they all let go at once! At the very core of the ecstasy rupturing him, he was vaguely aware his cock was spewing cum -- gobs and gobs of cum -- up into Maddy. He was sure his dick had blown right off his crotch.

He was almost afraid to check it when they finally separated. He helped Maddy off the counter and they both collapsed on the hard linoleum floor. The cold surface felt wonderful against sweaty, sticky skin. Maddy snuggled her head onto Barrin's chest.

"Well, did you get enough to eat for lunch?" she asked, chuckling.

Barrin looked at their kitchen clock. He was already late.

"Jesus!" he said, scrambling to his feet and heading for the bathroom, "That was a honey of a meal, but I'm going to be hungrier than a bear by suppertime!"

"Well, there's still lots left over!" she quipped, poking at the sticky residue on her thighs and belly.

A tap turned on, ran for a couple of minutes, and turned off. Barrin reappeared and quickly pulled on his clothes. He got a naked kiss from Maddy as he sped out the door.

"My legs are still shaking," he shot back at her.

Maddy laughed. Barrin's shirt and pants looked wrinkled. The staff at his office will wonder, she thought. I might have to get sick more often.

Author's note: Though in the heat of the moment it happened, I don't recommend squirting honey inside the vagina. It can definitely upset the delicate physiology there.