 Dani could smell chocolate and she opened her eyes slowly. She was enjoying the bubble bath that had been drawn for her. She frowned slightly, nothing the bathroom was empty. She got another whiff of chocolate and she debated if she should stay in the bath or go in search of the confection. Her stomach rumbled and the decision was made.

She drained the tub and dried off. Her black and red flannel robe was hanging behind the door so she donned that and padded out to the bedroom. She stopped at what she saw. 

There were dozens of candles from pillars to tea lights. Carlos stood by the bed wearing nothing but a pair of black trousers. There was a teacart with a covered chafing dish and a cloth covered tray. There were two small, lit fuel cans under the chafing dish, keeping whatever was in it warm.

"What's going on?" she asked him.

"Come sit on the bed," he invited her with a smile.

"Am I going to like this?" she asked him warily.

"Definitely," he grinned, "Come on."

Dani walked toward him warily. He took her hands and helped her sit on the edge of the bed.

"I have a surprise for you," he told her. 

"Oh? What is it?"

"If I told you, it wouldn't be a surprise," he smirked, "I just have one question: white, milk or dark?"

"White, milk or dark?" she frowned as she wondered what he was up to. She figured it had to be chocolate, since she could smell it. "All three?"

"Don't be smart," he scolded her gently, "You only get to pick one right now."

"Dark," she replied automatically.

"Very well," he smiled and pulled the lid off the chafing dish and then removed the cloth from the tray.

On the tray was a set of very fine art paintbrushes of various sizes and shapes. The chafing dish had a sectional insert and there were eight pots filled with various types of melted chocolate. She saw two milk, two white and four dark. She finally caught a whiff of fruit with the chocolate. She recognized orange, raspberry and a hint of mint.

Carlos picked up one of the narrower brushes and carefully dipped it into one of the dark chocolates and filled the brush with the thick liquid. He rolled it around the edge to prevent any drips then lifted the brush to his lips. His eyes locked with hers as he painted the chocolate onto his lips like a gloss. When they were coated, he set the brush aside and leaned forward.

"A taste for my love," he whispered, bringing his lips within an inch of hers.

Dani licked her lips then leaned close and began to lick his. She lapped at his mouth until the chocolate was gone then kissed him deeply. He kissed her back for a moment then pulled away. She groaned and reached for him, but he gently took her wrists and put her arms at her side.

"That's all you get to taste for now," he told her quietly, "Slip off the robe and lay back on the bed."

Dani moaned but unbelted her robe. He helped her pull it off and he took it as she scooted up on the bed and stretched out. Carlos picked up the brush he'd just used and dipped it into the dark chocolate again. He brought it over to her body and held it over her sternum between the base of her breasts. They both watched the sweet confection drizzle down and pool onto her skin.

Dani made a noise in her throat that turned into a moan as Carlos' head ducked down. He began to lick at the chocolate lightly then flattened out his tongue to swipe at the sweet, cleaning up the mess he had made. Dani wiggled under his ministrations as he continued to lick and lave at the spot until she was clean again.

"Did you like that?" he looked up at her through the curtain of his hair.

"No," her voice was very ragged, belying her denial.

"Liar," he murmured with a soft chuckle, "Want more?"

"Yes," she groaned.

He chuckled again, "Then your wish is my desire, except..."

"Except?" she looked at him hungrily.

"I'm going to turn you into an edible masterpiece first," he gave her a knowing smile.

"Oh God," she moaned, laying her head back.

Carlos picked up a larger brush and dipped it into the white before bringing it to her body. He deftly used the brush to stroke and paint her, switching brushes and chocolates until she was covered from the tops of her feet to her neck in swirls of chocolate.

He had taken his time and paid infinite attention to her nipples. He had even spread her legs and painted along her labia, coating her clitoris with a dollop of dark chocolate. The sensation of that alone had given her an orgasm and he a look of pure satisfaction.

Carlos stood and Dani could see that the whole scene had aroused him too, his erection straining against the fly of his pants. He removed the pants and his underwear quickly and she saw the glisten of pre-cum on the tip of him. He snuffed the fuel cans and covered the chocolate before climbing on the bed next to her.

"You cannot touch me," he told her, "You must lie still unless I move you or tell you to move. Is that clear?"

"Yes," she moaned.

"Good."

Carlos started with her neck, nuzzling and nibbling at it before using his tongue to remove the chocolate designs he had put there. He took his time licking and nibbling along her neck, shoulders and arms. By the time he reached her chest, Dani had another orgasm.

"Carlos..." she groaned his name then cried out as he began to suckle on one of her nipples.

Dani was a quivering mass of something as he continued his ministrations on her body. He continued down her abdomen then to her hips, avoiding the center of her. He cleaned each leg thoroughly, making sure to take his time on the various erogenous zones. Finally, he spread her legs and looked up at her.

"You can move now," he told her before dipping his head and laving at her clit.

Dani nearly screamed as the one touch sent her spiraling over the edge again. Her hands threaded through his hair, pulling him closer to her as her body shuddered with release. He continued to lap and suck at her as her body twitched.

Carlos slipped his arms under her thighs to curl up and cup her hips. He slipped his hands down and spread her wide and he blew on her, causing her to moan. His mouth went lower, his tongue thrusting into her sex, lapping at the inside of her. He made her cry out again. He felt her hands tugging at his head.

"Fuck me," she groaned, "I want you inside me now!"

Carlos chuckled and scooted up along her body, licking here and there. When he was finally cradled in her thighs, he didn't enter her. He just ran the bottom side of his thick shaft along her hot, slick groove. 

"Don't tease me," she whimpered.

"I want to make sure you really want this Dani," he muttered, trying to maintain his control, "When I enter you, I am going to take you for a ride like never before."

"God, yes!" she reached between them and took him in hand, placing the thick head of him at her entrance, "Now!"

"As you wish," he kissed her and thrust into her in one stroke.

Dani gasped and cried out. Carlos was big and he usually took his time entering her, allowing her time to get used to him. She waited for the pain, but was surprised that there wasn't any. 

He was hot, hard and throbbing inside her. She lifted her hips to meet his and he groaned.

"More," she moaned into his mouth.

Carlos shifted his hips slightly and began to thrust in and out, causing them both to groan. Dani whimpered with pleasure as he increased his speed. He lifted one of her legs up and over his waist. She lifted the other to join it and ground her hips to his.

Over and over he thrust into her and she continued to make noises under him. She peaked again and Carlos felt his body start its own reaction. He shifted higher on her and began to pump in earnest.

Dani clawed at his back as his head bowed back and his hips slammed into hers one last time. He cried out as his orgasm hit. Dani lifted her hips into his over and over as she prolonged her climax.

Carlos collapsed on her when he was done and they were both panting. Dani stroked his back, soothing the light scratches she'd made. Carlos lifted his head and kissed her lightly.

"Wow," was all Dani could manage.

"Ditto," Carlos replied softly.