 Note from the author: The following story is a continuation of the series begun with "The Blissfield," and continued with "The Log Cabin" and "The Apartment." Although it is not essential that you have read those stories first, reading them first might help understanding the characters and their progress toward building a relationship.

Part 1, Noel Night

"I can't wait, honey!" Holly exclaimed as she stepped up onto the porch. "This is so exciting--our first house!" She looked up into David's clear blue eyes and smiled as he grinned and warmly embraced her.

"I know, Baby. We're finally going to be under the same roof, all of us," David answered, fiddling the key into the lock and opening up the door. Holly went to enter through the open door, but David held her back by the arm. "Hang on a sec." He shoved the keys into his pocket and spun her around to face him. "You remember that I'm a kind of old-fashioned guy."

"I know and it's just one of the things that I love about you," Holly confessed. Her green eyes--or were they blue this afternoon--were sparkling like fine jewels in the late afternoon sun. 

"And being a traditional kind of guy, you know what that means," he said and quickly scooped his arms around her, picking her up with a single swoop. She laughed as she fell into his arms and then hooked her hand around his shoulder and hung onto him tightly.

"My hero!" she gushed with a buoyant laugh.

"My sweet Baby," David replied, stepping up into the foyer and carrying her inside toward the great room. He set her down just past the step down near the wraparound corner couch. "So what do you think?" he asked expectantly, waving his arm around the room.

It was their first weekend together in their new house, well, new house for them at least. So many changes had come in the past year. The biggest had been that David found out his children would be coming to live with them and the cozy apartment that had been so ideal for the two of them had suddenly shrunk overnight. After talking the entire situation over, they decided to go house hunting and eventually found an older roomy two-story colonial. Ever since the closing, David had spent every available hour remodeling, painting, and preparing. Over the past week, while Holly spent a few days with her family and friends, David had supervised the movers and gotten the bulk of his household things out of storage. The last couple of days had been a blur, but now that Holly had arrived, all that remained was the appearance of his kids with their things.

"Wow, this is really great!" she said looking around the great room. "I like it, I like it a lot." Her eyes didn't seem to miss a thing, especially the improvements; the marble fireplace, the hardwood floor, the home theatre, the inviting leather couches, and the fur rug by the hearth. "I can see spending a lot of time in here ... with you."

"Good, so can I ... with you," David agreed. "We've got a few minutes. Can I get you a drink or something? I mix a pretty amazing Cosmo you know."

"I know," she said. "I remember the last one you made for me."

"A good memory, I hope?"

"All my memories of you are good," Holly said. "Every last one of them."

"So are my memories of you," David smiled and then moved over to the bar and began to fix a couple drinks. And they had accumulated a lot of memories in the three years since they had first met. There were many memorable online chats and a very hot game of Truth or Dare, a wonderful weekend at the Blissfield Bed and Breakfast, and a terrific trip to her parent's cabin in the woods. Then there was the year they lived together in their apartment, throwing dinner parties and entertaining friends. There were long days of school and work and long nights of counting the stars and making love. But it had always been enjoyable and their love had only deepened.

And now they were ready for the next transition. Despite all the good hearted warnings of their friends, his and hers, about the dangers of May-December romances, they had persisted because they loved each other madly, without cause or expectation. Their long distance relationship had turned into a lively live-in relationship, and when they needed to make room for his children, buying a house seemed the best alternative. And now as he looked back at her, seeing her move around looking at some of his collections, he never seemed to feel more in love with her than right now. 

David finished mixing her drink and stirred it in ice. He strained the mixture and poured it into one of his best crystal glasses. While it settled he poured himself a quick Jack D on the rocks and then carried the drinks into the great room. He handed her the Cosmo and held his glass aloft.

"Welcome home, Baby," he smiled broadly.

"Mmm, it already feels like home," she cooed. "And I just got here."

"I'm sure you'll feel even more at home when you get all of your things unpacked. There's a couple of big crates downstairs with your name on 'em and I was not about to go there."

"Smart boy," Holly said patting him on the cheek. "You've done a great job doing all this. It feels so much like home already."

David gave her a quick tour of the house. It was quite different from the place she had seen just a month before. The kitchen was completely redone with lovely custom maple cabinetry, granite countertops and hardwood flooring. The dining room was transformed from a non-descript box to a plush inviting room for entertaining. As she looked around, Holly could see the improvements in every room. There were some obvious touches remaining to be done, but that would come with time as they settled into the place and made it their home.

"You've done such a beautiful job," Holly said, taking a seat in the living room. "I'm impressed."

"I told you that I wanted to make it nice for all of us," David replied as he sat beside her.

"So when are they going to get here?" Holly asked.

"Their mother said she would drop them off around five," David said, checking his watch. "So we have a few minutes yet. She's rarely on time."

"I'm really excited about meeting your kids," Holly remarked. "I feel like I know them already."

David eased his hand around her waist and let it rest on the small of her back. Leaning toward her, he placed a soft kiss on her lips, feeling her soft wet lips melt into his. The brush of her tongue on his mouth made him tingle with excitement. Her kisses always did. They had come so far in two years, from friends to lovers and now to something more. This felt like the last piece of big puzzle was about to fall into place, the last unfathomed part of his life was now opening up to her. If Holly and he were to be anything meaningful together, his children would have to be a part of it. Always protective of his kids, perhaps even more so because of his divorce, David felt nervous about taking this step, but excited too. Holly's kiss was welcome, and the touch of her hand on his shoulder, grasping him, her fingers curling around his arm helped too.

"Gees, I forgot all about your bags," David said with an embarrassed chuckle, suddenly remembering her things out in the car. "Let me go get them for you."

"I think you'll need my help, hon," she said.

They left their drinks and went out to her car and unloaded her suitcases. David struggled to carry the heaviest ones and declined her offer of help with them.

"That's all right," he grunted proudly. "I got 'em!"

"All right," she laughed. "But don't expect any sympathy if you put your back out, old man."

"Not even a little back rub, you sweet young thing?" he asked.

"Hmm, maybe," she teased, holding the front door open.

"How about with warm baby oil?" he asked, his eyebrows arching a bit.

"Mmm, not fair ... but only if you do me too," she said. "You know I'm a pushover for a warm oil massage."

David grinned broadly remembering the last time he had massaged her and how intense it had ended up. He led the way upstairs to their room.

"I've left all of the dresser, more than half of the walk-in and both nightstands for you," David said, struggling to lift the bags onto the bed. Holly opened up her first case, and began transferring her lingerie. 

"Oh, boy!" David exclaimed. "My favorite part!"

"Hands off my underwear!" Holly warned with a stern voice that David could tell was completely fake. "If I let you help you'll just want to do something sick, like toss it onto the bed and roll around all over it."

"Not me," David said expressing his shock with his expression. He picked up a dainty little purple bra and fingered the lace edging. "But I might ask you to model a few pieces."

"Honey, by this time in our relationship, I don't think there is too much in here that you haven't seen and already played with," she said snatching the bra from his hand and placing it with the others in a drawer. He picked up a short little black silk slip with light blue lace edging and held it up.

"Is this new?" he asked, letting it dangle from his fingers.

"Do you mind?" she cried out, and grabbed it from him.

"I don't mind at all," he said, putting his arms around her and pulling her down onto the only open spot on the bed. He held her on top of him, his hands exploring her back and butt. They kissed tenderly but with a firm passion. "Have I told you that I love you today?"

"Um, no. I don't think so," Holly answered.

"Well, I do," David said. "I do love you."

"And I love you too, sweetie," she replied. "But if you don't let me up, I'll never get my things put away."

"Oh, all right," he groused. "Just be that way!"

David let her get up and watched as she continued putting her things away, carefully tucking her dainty lingerie into the drawers. Then it was time to open up the larger case, with pants and dresses and such. He couldn't keep his eyes from her. There wasn't a curve or line about her that he didn't love or appreciate. She was a tall girl, and athletic but on the slender side of that scale. He loved to watch her move, the way her body shifted beneath her sweater and jeans. When she leaned over to take some more clothes from the case, she noticed his lingering glance and she paused.

"What?" she asked, curious about the way he was looking at her. Then she became aware of just how her breasts swayed down against the plush knit of her sweater and she looked back at him innocently. "You are the biggest perv I know."

"Me? Perverted?" he said rolling over onto his back laughing. "Here I am admiring the woman I love and she accuses me of being a perv! How bad can it get?" She stood up straight and tall, the natural arch of her back thrusting her breasts out proudly. David rolled back over and pushed himself up from the bed. "My god, you are beautiful!" he said and took her into his arms. His kiss was long and passionate, a kiss made warmer by the way they moved their hands to touch each other; her hands on his shoulders and chest, his hands on her waist moving up to her breasts.

"If you don't leave me be," Holly said breathlessly, "I'll never get unpacked."

"You're right," David agreed with an easy smile. "I should give you a few minutes."

"That would be nice of you," she said and carried some more of her things to the closet.

David slipped from the room and walked down the hallway to inspect the kid's rooms. According to her personal teenaged choice, Jenna's room was done dramatically in orange with bands of various shades of blue ringing the ceiling. While painting the room, David had wondered what it would be like to have a young teenaged girl around the house full time, and how she would handle Holly's presence. They were fairly close together in age and that might turn out to be good or bad. He hoped for the former.

Then he went to look in on Drew's room, done in blue with trains and trucks and airplanes emblazoned on the border, comforter, and curtains. Several years younger than his sister, Drew was all boy and David had made sure that there would be plenty of room for his cars and trucks and Lego collection. He was looking forward to having his son around and being able to spend more time with him.

Ever since his divorce, David had missed being away from his kids and now that their mother had begun to have some difficulties, he had eagerly accepted having the kids back with him. He took a deep breath. Everything was set and ready. Then he heard the sound of a car pulling into the driveway and went to the upstairs hall window to check. A Chrysler sedan had pulled to a stop and the back door was swinging open with Drew spilling out with a little bag and his favorite stuffed animal.

"They're here!" David called out and peeked into the master bedroom. The sight that greeted him brought a flush of warmth to his cheek. Having just slipped off her jeans, Holly was standing by the bed, dressed in only a sheer white lace bra and matching thong, both so sheer that he could see the outline of her nipples and her lovely sex.

"If you don't mind, I thought I'd change," she said, holding up a fresh pair of tight black slacks. Holly paused for a moment; she could feel the heat of David's admiring gaze on her body before his eyes rose and focused on hers.

"God, you are beautiful," he murmured, feeling his full arousal from just a single intimate look at her.

Holly grinned and felt her own body respond to his gaze. She knew what he was thinking and the thought turned her on. The remainder of the afternoon and the evening would certainly be interesting if this simmering feeling was maintained.

"Don't you think you should go answer the door? I'll be right down."

"I love you, Baby" David mouthed from the doorway. Holly smiled.

"Love you too!" she whispered. "Now go!"

David descended the stairs quickly and opened the front door to see Drew running up.

"Hey, Dad!" Drew called out.

"Hey, Boo-boo," David said, leaning down to hug his boy. "How's my boy?"

"Good," Drew answered, giving his father a quick hug before moving past eager to see inside the house. Drew was ten years old, pretty average in the height and weight department with reddish blond hair and cinnamon brown eyes. He was just getting to the age where his body was starting to stretch out. Just as he welcomed Drew inside, David looked out front and saw that Jenna had reached the porch.

"Hi, Daddy!" she sang out and gave her father a big hug.

"Hi, Honey," David replied. "It's so good to have you home again." He couldn't believe how tall she was, perhaps taller now than her mother. She was wearing her blonde hair longer than before. She had his blue eyes and shared a lot of his personality traits. "Why don't you go inside and I'll help your mother with the rest of your stuff. You guys can figure out where your rooms are, can't you?" He knew better than to ask that question as they both passed him and streamed happily upstairs. David walked out to the driveway where Allison struggled to unload the trunk. "Here let me help you with that," he said reaching for the large bag she was trying to lift up.

"I got it!" she said with a grunt, still struggling to pull the bag up from the trunk.

"You sure?" David said, backing off. He watched as she tugged at the handle but wasn't able to lift the bag up from the trunk.

"Well, maybe not," she said, taking a step back.

David reached in and pulled the large suitcase up and maneuvered it to the pavement. "Damn! What did you pack in here?"

"Clothes, lots of winter clothes," she replied, grabbing a couple of the smaller bags.

David lifted the other large case from the trunk and began to roll it up toward the house.

"You realize that I'm not doing this because I want to," Allison said.

"I didn't say you were," David answered. "I don't make judgments, remember?"

"Sure you do, just as much as I do," she said. "I just need some time to get over things, to get better. But I'm warning you now, as soon as I'm better, I want the kids back."

"Maybe they will be the judge of that," David replied. She paused and looked at him closely. He had seen that face before and it wasn't a good one. Their divorce had been difficult. She had some personal issues with her family that sadly spilled over into their marriage and had ended up driving him away physically and emotionally. He could see that the issues were still roiling inside her, made even more so since the loss of her mother and the alienation of her remaining family.

"Am I allowed to come in and see where my kids are going to be living?" she asked pointedly.

"Yes, you can see where OUR kids will be sleeping," David replied, matching her tone of voice.

As they entered the house, Holly happened to be coming down the stairs. She looked gorgeous having changed into a soft dark red sweater and snug black pants, you know, the kind that show off every lush curve of hip and leg. Allison stopped and looked up at her. For a split second David saw her jaw drop, but she quickly recovered.

"My, my, David," she said. "They just keep getting younger, don't they?"

"Be nice ... don't start," he said under his breath. He set the kid's bags near the foot of the stairs and put his arm around Holly's waist. "Allison, this is Holly ... Holly, Allison."

"Hi," Holly smiled and made a little wave. She was normally very bright and welcoming, but on meeting his ex she seemed much more reserved. He could feel it in the way she leaned into him. Allison let her friendly gracious side emerge and smiled warmly.

"How nice to meet you," she said. "I'm sure that this is hard for you, being so young and all, while David is quite used to my meeting up with his little girlfriends. Now, let's see ... you have graduated from high school haven't you?"

Holly looked puzzled and David stepped up.

"Holly graduated from college last year," David said.

"Oh, my! A child prodigy!" Allison remarked quickly.

"Don't do this," David said turning to face his ex fully. "You've done it in the past and all it has done is make yourself even more miserable than you are already. Just accept the fact that Holly and I are together and let's get on with our lives."

There was a look exchanged by the exes, one that definitely made Holly feel left out, despite the warm strong presence of David's arm around her waist.

"Well," Allison said with a demonstrative sigh. "That must be my cue to leave."

"If you want. Why don't you go upstairs and say goodbye to the kids?"

She gave him a dirty look out of the corner of her eye and then climbed the stairs. David turned toward Holly and grinned bravely.

"Bark is worse than the bite," he said trying to smile. Holly grinned but her face showed a touch of concern. "The worst is over now. We can't forget that this is between us, you and me," David said, holding up his arms. Then he waved his hand toward the door. "And she is somewhere on the outside, okay?"

"I know," Holly answered softly. "I'll be fine. It's just to be so hard for her to do this. I kind of feel sorry for her."

"In a way, so do I," David replied.

Holly remained downstairs and drifted into the great room while David lugged the kid's bags up the stairs. She could hear the voices upstairs as the kids said goodbye to their mother. Drew seemed okay with it, Jenna a little more uncertain. David returned downstairs and stepped up close to Holly for a hug. She could see that this was hard on him too, not that he would ever say anything, but she could read the look in his eyes and saw the least little trace of tears at the edges. Their embrace lingered as it helped take the edge off their anxieties.

When Allison returned downstairs, David met her in the foyer. She looked at him stridently. "Just remember, no matter what, I will never get used to you being with another woman. Never. And don't ever expect me to be polite to ... to ... to someone like her."
