 Soft music was playing on the stereo as Petra entered the suite. She was exhausted beyond belief, but at the same time wired. She went into the bedroom and shed her shoes and jacket. She sat on the bed to take off her socks when she heard a noise coming from the bathroom.

She pulled her gun from her rear pants holster and carefully crept to the door. It opened before she could react and David stood with his hands up in the air, her gun aimed at his nose.

"Shit!" Petra lowered the gun and put it away, "What are you doing in here?"

"Drawing you a bath," he replied calmly.

"A bath?" she blinked in wary surprise, "Why?"

"Because you deserve to be pampered."

"Oh."

He stepped aside to show her the bathroom. The large, claw foot tub was filled with steaming water. She saw lit candles on the windowsill and counter. She closed her eyes and sniffed. There was the scent of vanilla, honey and something else on the air. She thought it was crème caramel, but she wasn't sure.

Something soft touched her cheek and her eyes flew open. David was brushing the edge of a small calla lily against her cheek. She looked into his eyes and gasped at the heat she saw there. He handed her the flower and she took it, letting him scoop her up and carry her to the bed.

David sat her down and knelt before her, removing her socks. His hands went to the belt of her jeans and he unfastened it then popped open the button before sliding the zipper slowly down. Petra's heart was racing as he gently grasped her hips and stood her up, pulling the denim over her hips, taking her underwear with them.

She sat down again as he slipped the clothes off her legs. She felt vulnerable as she sat there until he reached up and unbuttoned her blouse. He took his time undressing her until she was naked. He stood and scooped her up again, carrying her into the bathroom before carefully putting her in the warm bath.

The water was milky and she realized he'd found her bottle of honey milk bath. She lay back, closed her eyes and relaxed for the first time that day. She could hear David moving around the room and the clink of ice in a glass. She heard him pour something then there was an unfamiliar noise. She frowned but didn't open her eyes.

She heard more liquid pouring and realized the noise before was a drink shaker. She wondered what he was mixing for her. She didn't have to wait long.

"Here," he murmured.

Petra opened her eyes and smiled at the large martini glass in front of her. The drink was mocha colored and had chocolate shavings on top. He'd fixed her a Godiva Truffletini, one of her favorite drinks. She took it and smiled at him.

"Thank you," she said before sipping. She sighed as the drink hit her mouth.

David watched her for a moment before getting a large basin and putting it on a stool behind her head along with a large pitcher and a towel. He waited for her to finish the drink before he took the glass and set it aside.

"Sit up a bit," he instructed her gently, "And I'll wash your hair."

Petra looked at him in surprise, but did as he asked. He put a towel under her neck to support it and tilted her head back over the basin. He lifted the pitcher and poured warm water over her hair, getting it wet. He then took a tube and squeezed out a thick gel and the honey smell became stronger.

Petra moaned softly as his hands gently massaged the gel into her hair, creating a nice lather. She felt his fingers rub along her scalp and felt her nipples harden at the sensation. He continued working at her scalp and hair for several minutes.

He slowly rinsed her hair, making sure it was clean of all the shampoo. He gently squeezed the excess water from her hair then took another tube and then massaged in some conditioner. While the conditioner was setting in, he emptied the basin and refilled the pitcher.

Soon he'd finished with her hair and was gently patting it dry. He kissed her forehead and then began to comb her hair out. When he was done, he looked down at her for a moment.

"Are you ready?" he asked her quietly.

"For what?" she asked him languidly.

"For your bath."

"Aren't I in it already?"

"You'll see," he had a wicked little boy grin on his face that caused lower parts of her body to tighten with need. He knelt next to the tub.

David picked up a body sponge and dipped it into the water next to her, getting it wet. He pulled it out and took a third tube, squeezing an amber colored gel onto it. He squeezed the sponge until it was foamy with suds before lifting her far arm up. He ran the sponge up and down her arm, washing all over, before repeating the same action with her near arm. He then had her lean forward as he washed her neck, shoulders and back.

"Stand up," he ordered and she complied.

He ran the sponge over her bottom, into the crack and down the backs of her thighs. He then did the front of her thighs and between her legs, causing her to moan lightly as the sponge rubbed along her most sensitive places. He washed her abdomen then her chest, helping her to sit down before he washed her breasts.

"David," her voice was shaky.

"Shh," he replied dipping his hand into the water to pull up her far leg.

He washed the lower part of her legs and feet before taking a washcloth and rinsing the parts of her that hadn't already been rinsed by the bath water. He let her soak for a few minutes more while he put the bath things away. He pulled the chain that would drain the tub and he hand her stand again.

Turning on the handheld shower, he carefully rinsed the residue of the milk bath and soap from her body. When he was done he took a large, fluffy bath towel from the warming bar and began to gently pat her dry. Petra was full of need now and her hands kneaded his shoulders where she held on for balance.

David took another towel and wrapped her in it before scooping her up and carrying her from the bathroom, through the bedroom to the sitting room. Petra blinked at the massage table in the middle of the room, covered with a sheet. How could she have missed that when she came in?

He set her next to the table and smiled down at her.

"Front or back first?"

"Back," she whispered.

"Climb on," he replied, "And drop the towel."

Petra dropped the towel before getting onto the table. She heard the distinctive sound of the deadbolt to the front door being turned and the rasp of the security hook going into place. She shivered at the thought that there could be no interruptions.

David came back to the table and lifted a small bottle from a cup full of water. She realized he'd kept the oil or lotion, she couldn't tell because the bottle was solid white, warm while she was in the bath. She heard him open the bottle and felt the warm liquid drip onto her back. The smell of honey and vanilla was strong again.

David's hands were gentle but firm as he began to work the lotion into her skin. He took his time and worked her shoulders and neck first before moving lower to her arms. He moved around the table to do one then the other before concentrating on her back. 

Petra's body was tight with need as his fingers brushed the sides of her breasts. She whimpered in her throat and wiggled, then jumped with a small squeak when David slapped her butt.

"Behave," he told her firmly.

"But..." she tried to protest but he spanked her again.

"You have to wait," he told her.

She sighed heavily but acquiesced. He continued to work out the kinks that her back muscles seemed to have gained over the course of the day. She sighed again, this time in pleasure as the aches and stress started to melt away. His hands were gentle on her bottom and hips, but he avoided going between her legs.

Frustrated, Petra just lay there, letting him work her body with his hands. She wanted to disobey him, she liked it sometimes when he spanked her. She realized she was no longer exhausted or stressed, but very turned on. David had never done this for her, and she was enjoying it immensely.

His fingers worked on her legs and feet then he stopped. She couldn't see what he was doing, but then felt a tickling sensation of a soft brush along her legs. He ran the brush over her backside, covering all the areas he'd just massaged. When he got to her arms, she realized he was dusting her with some kind of talc. Again the honey smell was overwhelming.

"Turn over," he commanded and she quickly obeyed. 

He poured more lotion onto her abdomen and began the gentle, soothing massage. He worked her stomach muscles then up to her breasts, avoiding contact with her hard nipples. She bit her lower lip to keep from making a sound as his hands worked lower, caressing over the hollows of her hipbones. He worked her thighs, knees and shins before picking up the brush and dusting her front with the talc.

"David," she whimpered when he was done.

"Yes?" he looked down at her knowingly.

"Please," her voice had an edge of desperation.

"Please, what?" he smiled.

"Take me," she whispered, her voice throaty with need.

"Take you where?"

"Here," she cried out, "On the sofa, in the bed. I don't care! Just..." she took a deep breath, "Fuck me."

David chuckled and scooped her off the table and carried her into the bedroom. He lay her on the center of the bed then rolled her onto her stomach. She realized the covers were pulled back. He took her hands and carefully wrapped them around two of the posts of the brass headboard.

"Don't let go," he whispered in her ear, "If your hands move from that spot, you will be punished."

Petra shivered again. She'd fantasized about David being commanding like this, but she never thought he'd go through with it. She felt the wetness between her legs grow as she saw him look down at her as he unbuttoned his shirt, pulling it free from the waistband of his slacks. 

"Up on your knees," he ordered as he undid his belt and slacks, lowering them.

She complied immediately and looked at him. He was already hard and ready. She licked her lips as she saw a bit of pre-cum bubble from the tip. His shaft was long, nearly eight inches and thick. She couldn't figure out how no one could notice when he didn't wear underwear under his pants. 

She felt him climb on the bed behind her and his hands reached around to cup her breasts. She whimpered when his fingers found her nipples and tugged lightly. She made more noise when he tugged harder, rolling them between his finger and thumbs.

She wasn't sure what was more frustrating – the fact that she couldn't reach back to torment him as he was tormenting her or that he was tall enough that when he reached for her breasts, his body wasn't touching hers. She ached to feel his hard cock along her and she spread her legs slightly in invitation.

David chuckled because he knew what she wanted and he wasn't going to give it to her yet. He released her breasts and put his hands on her waist. She moved her body toward his and he tightened his grasp, stopping her. Petra moaned and he spanked her once.


"Do I need to tie you down?" his voice was low in his throat and she shuddered under his hands.

"No," her voice was soft with submission.

"Maybe I should," he leaned over, his body still not touching hers, "Maybe I should tie you down to the bed and have my way with you. You'd like that wouldn't you?"

Petra whimpered and nodded. David straightened up and his hands cupped her hips, lifting her off the bed. He scooted forward on his knees and then settled her down onto his lap, thrusting into her. Petra cried out in pleasure as he filled her completely.

David held her hips firm as he lifted his hips up and down, pumping into her over and over. Petra bit her lower lip and gripped the bars until she couldn't feel her fingers. The sensation of him pounding into her was more intense than she had ever experienced. She felt her body begin to convulse around him as she cried out with her orgasm.

David could feel her grow hotter and felt the liquid start to seep out of her, onto his balls and his thighs. He groaned and increased the pace, using his hands to move her as well. He flexed his hips in a small circle as he thrust into her and she cried out again. He was close, but he didn't want to finish until she was thoroughly satisfied.

He lifted his left hand and spanked her again. She bucked her hips and he almost lost it. He spanked again and she cried out, coming again. He reached up and pinched her nipples, covering her back with his. She whimpered and shook under him. 

"Let go," he moaned, "Sit up."

She did as he asked and he sat back on his heels with her straddling his legs. She began to move in his lap as he leaned back on one hand while the other dipped between her legs his fingers working her clit. She moaned and lifted her hands to her breasts and pinched her nipples, rolling them between her fingers as she continued to rotate and move her hips along his.

David felt her stiffen for a moment before she ground her pelvis to hers, He pinched the nubbin of flesh and nerve endings and she screamed, her body convulsing. She fell forward and he grabbed her hips, lifting her up enough that he could rapidly thrust in and out of her.

"Petra," he moaned her name as he pulled out of her.

She weakly turned around and watched him run his hand quickly along his shaft and she opened her mouth, sticking her tongue out. He threw his head back and cried out as the first pulsating stream shot from him into her mouth. She let him pump his cum onto her tongue, letting it pool there until he was done.

She looked up at him and made sure he watched her as she slowly swallowed. David groaned and pulled him to her, kissing her deeply. Petra kissed him back as they lay down on their sides.

"Thank you," she whispered.

"I'm not done," he whispered back. He scooted down the bed and Petra gasped.

David pulled her legs open and slipped between them as his tongue shot out and began to clean her gently. Petra's hips bucked up and she cried out softly, clutching at his head as his tongue worked over her sensitive folds, delving into her hot depths. She moaned as another orgasm washed over her.

When he was done, he moved to lie next to her, spooning her against his body. Petra wrapped her arms around his as she fell asleep with a smile on her face.