 Jenn looked like she was enjoying herself at the party, but I kept an eye on her for a good part of the night anyway. Less than a year-and-a-half earlier, when she was about 35, her husband of only a couple of years had died suddenly. Naturally, it had been a huge blow and there had been times when I'd seen her that it quite obviously was still affecting her daily life. I was pleased to see on this particular night that she seemed to be doing a lot better.

When the party was starting to wind down, she came over to say goodbye and I asked her how she was doing and whether there was anything she needed. She assured me that she was doing much better and thanked me for asking. I reminded her that if there was anything she needed, that she shouldn't hesitate to call. We hugged and I think we both must have felt something, though I suspect for her it was just being in the arms of a guy again and for me it was feeling her response to being in my arms. I reiterated that if there was anything I could help her with, anything at all, she shouldn't hesitate to say so.

"Maybe you could walk me out to my car," she suggested.

I was more than happy to do that and helped her into her coat before we left. At her car, in the parking lot, she opened her arms for another hug and I had no qualms about holding her in my arms again. I was surprised, however, when she started kissing my neck. I pulled my head back slightly and we were soon making out. I dropped my hands to her ass and squeezed, certain that she must feel my cock stiffening against her.

"Oh, God," she panted, pulling her mouth from mine, "I am so fucking wet."

"Why don't you hop in the car," I suggested, "and I'll see what I can do for you."

She opened the door and got it in, rolling down the window as she started it. Since it was a cold night, she got the heat cranking as I leaned into the window and pressed my lips against hers again. I didn't hop in with her because I didn't expect to be long and didn't want to look suspicious to anyone else who might be leaving the party. So, as we made out, my hand went to caress her breast through her blouse before dropping down between her legs. She slid down in her seat and spread her legs as I gently rubbed her crotch before opening her slacks. I slipped my hand inside and found her wet panties, then slipped my hand inside them, as well.

She was dripping wet, which made me wish the opportunity was available to fuck her, but this moment was all about doing something for her. After passing through her trim bush, my fingertip slid up and down between her lips before pumping in and out of her hot, wet pussy. She was moaning and writhing in her seat, still exploring my mouth with her tongue, as I slipped my finger back up to her clit. As I gently caressed it, she pushed her ass up off the seat, humping my stroking fingertip. She pulled her mouth away from mine and pressed her face into my neck, her moaning getting slightly louder as I took a quick glance through the windshield to make sure there was still no one around. Despite not getting a look at any of her flesh, I was sporting major wood and was thinking I might have to relieve myself in the bathroom once I was back inside.

It was just a few minutes longer when she went rigid then let out a ragged moan and shook as she settled back onto the seat. I continued to lightly stroke her clit until she went still and let out a content sounding sigh. I slipped my hand from her pants and brought my fingertips to my tongue to taste her before she grabbed my head and stuck her tongue in my mouth again. After another minute or so, she came up for air and asked me if I was hard. I replied that I was but that she didn't have to worry about it. She told me that she wasn't going to leave me high and dry and had me pull back out of the window. I was looking around again to make sure there was no one witnessing what we were up to as she opened her door. She reached behind her to shut off the interior light, then planted her feet on the asphalt and pulled me in close to where she sat.

She quickly had my belt and slacks open and had maneuvered my cock out into her hand. Feeling, I'm sure, that time was of the essence, she stroked it just briefly before opening her mouth and engulfing my entire shaft. I ran my fingers through her curly blond hair as she bobbed her head up and down on my shaft, pumping the base with her hand. She sucked cock like she'd been denied it for a very long time, which she may very well have. I was certainly enjoying the feel of her hot mouth sliding up and down my shaft and would have liked to linger and enjoy it for as long as possible but, unfortunately, this was not the appropriate time. Luckily, she was very skilled and it didn't take long before I could feel an intense orgasm quickly building.

She had one hand on my ass and one pumping the base of my shaft as she sucked my cock, the sound of her running motor covering up the occasional slurping sound in the otherwise quiet of the night. Fortunately, I never saw anyone else leaving the party or in the parking lot the few times I looked up from watching her mouth sliding up and down my tool. I started to subtly push my hips toward her face as my orgasm continued to build and, when my cock was starting to swell even further, she seemed to redouble her efforts. It was only a matter of a few minutes before the wave of pleasure washed over me and I had to bite back a groan as I started shooting into her waiting mouth. She swallowed my load and nursed every drop from my softening cock then let it fall from her mouth and looked up at me with a big smile.

As I quickly tucked myself away, Jenn was saying that she had a meeting downtown the upcoming week and that she thought we ought to meet for lunch afterwards. I knew that she was talking about getting together for more than a meal, so I was on board right away. It was around 10:30 am on the following Tuesday when she picked me up outside my office in the same car we'd fooled around in on the night of the party. She drove a few blocks away and entered an underground parking structure, taking a space in a far, dark corner away from most of the other vehicles. The car had barely stopped moving when we were out of our seatbelts and in each other's arms. My hand went right to her breast, which I'd only briefly caressed on that night, this time fondling it a bit longer before beginning to unbutton her blouse. I slipped my hand inside and felt the smooth fabric of her bra and her hard nipple pressing out against it. Seeking out the front clasp, I quickly released it and had my hand on her bare flesh, caressing it and gently tugging her nipple.

Having seen none of her flesh the last time we'd been together, I was anxious to see what I'd missed and, consequently, had soon lowered my head to check out her tits before licking and sucking her hard nipples. Her breasts were about average size, as were her pink areolas and nipples, but they were so soft and smooth that I was definitely enjoying them. I let my hand slip down between her thighs, which she parted as I slid my hand up under her short, black skirt. I found her panties as wet as they'd been a few nights prior but, instead of slipping my fingers inside this time, I raised my head and slipped my other hand under her skirt to slide her panties off. They were sexy and black and very wet and, as soon as I'd hung them on her rearview mirror, my attention was back between her thighs.

With her skirt up around her waist, her beautifully blond bush was exposed and I couldn't resist lowering my head between her smooth thighs to devour that golden fleece. I started lapping up the abundant juices that she was producing before slipping a finger into her hot, slippery pussy. As she gripped my head, I was licking and sucking her clit while slowly fingering her pussy. Jenn was immediately moaning heartily, not worrying about anyone hearing with the windows still up. Glancing up, I could see that the hand not holding my head was inside her blouse fondling her fine tits.

Her pussy tasted so fine that I was immensely enjoying eating it but as it continued to become wetter and even more engorged, I knew I'd immensely enjoy sliding my cock into it, too. I was totally rigid and wasn't going to settle for another blowjob when this awesome pussy was all ready to go. I wanted to get her all the way there with my tongue and finger first, though, so I was focused on licking and sucking her clit while continuing to slide my finger in and out of her juicy snatch. She was rocking her hips in rhythm with my finger and tongue actions and her moaning was going from low and passionate to much louder and longer the more wriggling she was doing.

When she started to tense up and her moaning was sounding more like whimpering, I wasn't sure I was ready to be finished eating her pussy but the idea of slipping my cock into her pacified me. I kept at what I was doing and she started to shake while letting out a cry of relief as her pussy somehow became even wetter and hotter. I didn't let up until she finally settled back down onto her seat and tried to catch her breath. I was still entranced by her golden bush as I opened my slacks and freed my throbbing tool before sliding my seat back and reclining it fully. By the time I was lying back, Jenn had my cock in her hand and was moving over to straddle me. I watched with rapt interest as she lowered her flaxen pussy over my tool, her skirt still up around her waist.

I unbuttoned her blouse completely as her hot, wet pussy engulfed my cock and we both moaned. She started to slowly ride my cock as my hands caressed her tits but my gaze returned down to her blond bush. My throbbing cock was loving the feel of her juicy pussy sliding up and down it, which more than made up for no longer being able to eat it. It felt even better than I had been imagining for the past few days since that night in the parking lot when I had first slipped my fingers into it, and I had been imagining it plenty. I was pushing my ass up off the seat so that her ass slapped against my thighs each time she came down, and her tits jiggled in my hands.

Her eyes were closed, but her mouth was open and letting out more, longer and louder moans as she continued to ride me. I eventually moved my hands down from her tits to her waist, feeling the soft, smooth skin as I pulled her down on my cock by her narrow hips. The longer we fucked the faster we were moving with her slamming down repeatedly on my cock as her tits bounced on her chest. It didn't take long for my orgasm to begin building, with how good her pussy felt and the anticipation of the last few days. She seemed to be approaching another orgasm herself so I was hopeful that I could at least hold out long enough to get her there once again.

The sloshing sound of her pussy becoming even wetter filled the car along with the musky aroma of the same. As she had done earlier, her moaning was starting to sound more like whimpering around the time that I was feeling my cock beginning to swell even more in anticipation of shooting a load deep into her hot pussy. The increasing lubrication was making it feel even more heavenly and I knew I wasn't good for much longer. Fortunately, Jenn let out a cry and started to shudder as she came. She wasn't even finished before I let out a grunt and began to shoot my load into her sweet, hot pussy. She continued to ride me until I started to soften, then leaned forward and planted her lips against mine. As we made out, my cock starting to slip out of her, I was running my hands over her bare ass.

When we'd finally caught our breath, Jenn moved back to her seat and pulled her panties back on so that she wouldn't have cum dripping from under her skirt as we headed to lunch. As we ate, we figured out how often we'd be able to pull off capers like this one and, by the time we headed back to the car, we were all worked up again. Realizing that we hadn't seen another car or person in the vicinity as we'd been fucking the first time, I just went ahead and bent her over her hood in the dark corner, yanked her panties down again and took her from behind. I don't know if she noticed the security camera, but hopefully we gave whoever was monitoring it a good show.