 Author's notes:

1. This is a work of fiction. The activities and practices described in this story are not necessarily either condoned or recommended. If you choose to do anything described in real life with real people you do so at your own risk.

2. All characters are fictional and any likeness to any living person is purely coincidental. The story is purely imaginary and, to the author's knowledge, bears no relationship to any factual occurrence.

3. This follows on from the original story The Hooker and the Psychologist, which has been renamed as Ch. 1 of the series. It's best to read them in order.

************************

Three in a bed, and in business

Skye arrived early for dinner and Jim introduced her to Rae. That was the part of the evening that he had been most concerned about; how would his wife and his lover react at first meeting? He had almost expected fisticuffs and abuse but he need not have worried, they very quickly accepted each other and Rae took her through to the kitchen so she could see for herself what was making the delicious smell that permeated the house. Jim retired to the lounge to watch the news, hearing friendly chatter and a few laughs from the kitchen. Shortly afterward Rae and Skye walked in, chatting amiably as though they were old friends. They sat on the sofa, each with a glass of wine, and Rae handed Jim his usual pre-dinner beer.

"Well, here's to us," toasted Jim, raising his glass and clinking theirs.

"Yes, to a long and enjoyable relationship," added Rae.

They sipped their wine while Jim took a large mouthful of beer, then Rae asked Skye for her version of the cabin story.

"Well, actually I don't remember much at the start. I just remember being cold and tired and simply wanting to sleep but I was freezing and so weak I just couldn't go on. All a bit of a jumble really. I don't know why I called out, I certainly didn't expect anyone to be there or hear me in the middle of the storm. Then I was vaguely aware of someone picking me up and the next thing I know I was inside the cabin and slowly warming up with Jim next to me sharing his body warmth. From there, well, I guess things just happened. Jim told me he needed to warm me with direct skin to skin contact and as I was already in his warm dry clothes, I guessed it didn't matter. I slept for a while and when I awoke I could feel him between my thighs. He must have woken at around the same time because he pulled back. It had felt so great that I moved back against him again. The rest, as they say, is history. I'm so sorry. I know I shouldn't have made love to your husband but I simply couldn't resist. It really was all my fault."

"Nonsense," interjected Jim, "If I'd have been stronger willed it wouldn't have happened so I think I need to accept most of the blame."

"Thanks for your version, Skye. If there is any blame being dished out, I feel that I should accept a large helping. After all, if I had spent more time loving Jim instead of using the excuses of being busy with work and children then he wouldn't have fallen for you nearly as easily. The way to lose your husband to another woman is simply to ignore him and especially ignore his sexual needs." Rae turned to Jim. "I'm sorry, darling, I just didn't think how frequent rejection must have felt for you. Please tell me if that ever happens again."

"Well, if it does, maybe I'll be here to take up the slack a bit," commented Skye, bringing their attention to what they really needed to discuss: the future, not the past.

"Anyway, blame apportionment is a useless exercise," said Rae, "What we do need to discuss is where to from here. Jim and I want to stay together and I've offered to accept you into our marriage bed, initially on a trial basis, after that, well we'll just see what happens."

Both Skye and Jim began speaking at once, both thanking Rae for her decision. 

"That certainly sounds like it could work," continued Jim after Skye grew quiet. "I guess it could be seen as any man's dream to have two sexy women in bed with him." He grinned at them both.

"Don't get your hopes up too much," said Skye, "I very much doubt that you'd be able to keep up with my demands long term, let alone service us both."

"Maybe, but it'd be fun trying," grinned Jim.

"Well, perhaps after dinner you'll get that opportunity," chuckled Rae, "I've sent the children to stay at their friends for the night. Better we settle in a little before we try to explain the concepts of what we're doing to them. It's hard enough for us without having to explain it to young children."

The timer on the stove began tinging so Rae left Jim and Skye for a few minutes, during which time they were able to kiss lovingly and let their hands roam over each other's body, before Rae called them to the table. They ate dinner in relative quiet then helped clean up and load the dishwasher. Once that was completed they returned to the lounge.

"I guess tonight we need to decide whether you want to move in with us, and, of course, whether we want you to," said Rae. "First, let's show you the house."

They went on a brief tour of the house, showing Skye the various rooms and ending in the main bedroom complete with their huge king size bed. 

"That looks large enough for the three of us," commented Skye with a grin.

"Oh, I'm sure it will be," said Jim, "Come on, let's give it a try right now."

He lay in the middle and patted both sides, indicating that the ladies should lie next to him. Rae and Skye looked at each other and smiled. With no discussion at all, they began stripping Jim as he lay there, making short work of removing his clothing and leaving him stark naked on the bed cover.

"What brought that on?" he asked, trying in vain to cover his genitals while both women pulled his arms over his head.

"Well, we thought that was what you wanted," grinned Skye. "You certainly didn't seem to object to me seeing you naked in the cabin and I'm sure your wife has seen you naked many times, at least I would hope she has."

Jim stopped struggling and lay there, allowing himself to be fully exposed to both women.

"That's a lot better," said Skye, "Now just you behave yourself and lie there quietly while we carry out our inspection."

"Ok, but how did you both organize this without discussion?" asked Jim.

"Oh we didn't mess about with small talk in the kitchen before dinner, we laid out the whole evening's entertainment for you," grinned Skye, "I hope you like what we've planned."

She gripped his cock, which was beginning to harden, and bent over to kiss its head. Rae also bent down and followed suit after Skye had finished.

"Now for the next part," said Rae.

The two women began embracing and kissing each other then slowly and sensuously removed each other's clothing a piece at a time, watching the effects of this on Jim. Once he reached out to touch Rae, but she would have none of it and carefully replaced his hand above his head with the other one.

"No touching of us or yourself or else we'll just have to tie you up," she admonished.

Once both women were naked except for their panties, they stood one on each side of the bed and placed Jim's hands on the elastic waistbands.

"You may now do the honors," said Rae.

Jim slowly moved the waistbands downwards, alternately looking left and right to try to watch both women as he exposed their pussies an inch at a time. Once he had both pairs of panties at knee level the women took over and stepped out of them stark naked.

"You like what you see?" asked Rae.

"Very much," replied Jim, unconsciously licking his lips, "But why did you never think to do this before, darling?"

"I guess I was too busy and didn't know either the importance or the joy of loving you properly. I'm sorry, honey, and with Skye's help I'll try to make it up to you."

Again the two women moved as if they had rehearsed, Rae straddling Jim's thighs and attending to his now rigid cock while Skye straddled his shoulders and lowered her pussy to his mouth. Jim didn't really know what had struck him. In all his dreams of two women in bed, he had always been in charge and was dictating what happened. Here he was completely out of control and was at a loss about what to do. He felt his cock being beautifully stimulated and felt Skye's damp pussy rubbing over his lips. He opened his mouth and pushed out his tongue, feeling it lick smoothly along Skye's smooth, shaved trench.

Skye repositioned herself slightly so Jim's tongue would have better access to her clit, then continued to move gently back and forth, feeling the stimulation increasing as her fluids began to flow. Meanwhile Rae was also moving so that her pussy was over Jim's cock, sliding back and forth in her love trench as she moved over him. Jim, of course, enjoyed this all immensely and felt his cock being stimulated by Rae's slippery pussy as she gently held his balls and moved back and forth. Jim reached his hands upwards and cupped, caressed and massaged Skye's breasts as they moved gently above his head.

This version of heaven for Jim lasted only a few more moments after which time both women simultaneously stood up and switched places. Jim was now able to taste himself on Rae's pussy while Skye's talented pussy clenched and released his cock. He tried hard to move his hips to reposition his cock inside her so he could make love with her on his terms but she was uncooperative and avoided all his attempts to invade her love tunnel.

After a few more minutes both women stood and, to Jim's horror, Rae lay on her back and Skye straddled her backwards so each woman's mouth was over her partner's pussy in a 69 position. He suspected that this was a first for Rae but she was obviously being guided by Skye and copying every move. Having experience in pleasuring women, Skye soon had Rae moaning and writhing on the bed as she approached her first lesbian orgasm. She tried, but failed, to stimulate Skye as she was herself being stimulated and the closer she came to orgasm the less coordination she had until finally she gave up, gasped a few times then screamed her orgasm to the world.

"OOOOHHHHH, YESSSSS, YESSSSS, OOOHHH I'MMMM CUUUUUMMMMMMMINGGGGGGG!!" she cried as she thrashed about on the bed beside Jim and under Skye.

After a few minutes Rae had regained control of herself, except for her face which had a huge grin which she seemed unable to remove. 

"Thank you, Skye, that was fantastic," she gasped.

"My pleasure," smiled Skye. "I'm guess you'd probably like more of that sometime, eh?"

"Ooohhh, yes please, lots more."

"You see how much fun sex can be. I'm sure we'll all get on really well in this big bed. Now, there are a couple of things that still need doing. Jim, I guess you want to cum, right?"

Jim nodded eagerly.

"Good, so do I. Rae, would you like to see how long Jim can make love without cumming?"

"Well, usually about three minutes is a good time for him," replied Rae, from experience, "So if he can last five minutes that's certainly a bonus. How long do you think you could prolong it?"

"Let's go for ten minutes this first time," suggested Skye.

"Don't I get a say?" asked Jim.

"No you don't," both women replied together. "You're outvoted so get used to it," continued Rae, with her grin still in place.

Rae moved to the side of the bed and sat near the head end with her back against the padded headboard to watch the marathon, noting as she did so the time on the bedside clock. Skye straddled Jim and wriggled herself downwards until her pussy was over top of his cock. She bent forward and kissed him lovingly, tongue wrestling with him for a few minutes. She then used her hips to position herself so she could slide his cock into her well-lubricated love tunnel. She slowly engulfed him until he was fully inside her and his pubic bone pressed against her clit. She sat up then and he placed his hands on her breasts, while she remained still for a short time.

Skye placed her hands on his chest and leant forward slightly, increasing the friction on her clit as she moved ever so slowly back and forth, almost removing his cock from her vagina before gently and teasingly re-engulfing him completely. Her clit experienced wonderful sensations as it slowly moved over almost the full length of his cock with each tantalizing stroke. In this way Jim was not being stimulated enough to get anywhere near his orgasm, yet Skye was receiving so much stimulation that she was struggling hard to prevent herself cumming while she very slowly fucked him.

Rae was quickly aroused by the scene in front of her. She had never seen a woman make love to a man before and here she was watching as a hooker made love to her husband on her bed, and she was enjoying every second of it. She admired Skye's control, the way in which she obtained pleasure for herself while keeping Jim well under control, and the way in which Jim was not permitted to even approach his release. As she continued to watch she saw her sit down on him hard and keep her body absolutely still. She wondered what she was doing and then noticed she was rhythmically squeezing and releasing his cock with her toned vaginal muscles. 

Jim was trying hard to gain more stimulation but Skye would not allow it. She was able to hold him still with her body while she teased him with her vaginal contractions. Each time she contracted he felt a pulse of stimulation, which then tapered off. The frequency of contractions was so slow that each burst of stimulation had to start from the same point rather than build on the previous one, meaning that he was unable to approach his orgasmic level. He tried to move but was held in place, frustratingly, infuriatingly, deliciously helpless to move the process along.

After ten minutes of this Skye changed her movements, leaning herself forward, increasing her rate of movement and the power of her strokes. It took only another half minute before she stopped, head thrown back, body trembling as she experienced a silent, full body orgasm. Once she had relaxed after that she simply leaned back, forcing Jim's rigid cock out of her vagina and then looked at it waving in the air.

"Oh the poor little thing," she said teasingly, "Does he want to go in a hole?"

Jim nodded, so Skye signalled Rae to come over as she stepped off the bed. Rae moved to take her place, straddling his hips before lowering herself slowly onto Jim's hard pole. After already experiencing a mind-blowing orgasm, Rae doubted she could have another so she focussed on stimulating Jim as much as she could. After a few moments of this she changed her mind; Skye after all had kept him on ice for over ten minutes, why shouldn't she do the same, she thought. So she copied what she'd seen Skye do earlier, sitting up straight and remaining still as she held Jim's cock deep within her and tensed and released her vaginal muscles. It felt really good, she decided, noting that Jim was now kneading her breasts and attempting unsuccessfully to encourage her to move more aggressively so he could release his pent up sperm in a full orgasm.

After several minutes of this activity, Rae leant forward, as she had seen Skye do, so her clit rubbed against Jim's cock as she began moving back and forth, causing his cock to bend as it first entered her vagina, reached its deepest point, then was bent and removed as she continued to move forwards, the process repeating in reverse as she moved back again. She slowed the movements down, enjoying the continual sensations from her clit and vaginal nerves while watching the agony of frustration on her husband's face. She felt him trying to speed up the action wanting nothing more than a quick fuck to finish himself off, but she refused to play his game.

She looked at the clock, noting that she had been on him for nearly ten minutes. So instead of the usual three minutes that Jim lasted in the past, he had now exceeded 20 minutes since he first entered Skye. She continued the movements she had been making, noting that she was getting closer to her orgasm as the sensations poured through her body. She had never though sex could be so stimulating, so wonderful. She became even more aroused, feeling her orgasm approaching, the second for the night; another first she noted. Gradually as she approached her climax her iron discipline crumbled and she sped up, pushing both herself and Jim towards the end point. 

Suddenly Jim was there. With a muffled scream, the like of which she had never heard him utter during sex before, he thrust powerfully upwards and she felt his hot cum spurting inside her. She looked downwards and saw it oozing out beside the root of his cock. The sensations, the atmosphere and the fact that he had just filled her with a massive dose of cum all combined to send her over the edge again. She leant forwards, resting her hands on Jim's chest, pressing her clit against the base of his cock and she came hard, screaming her orgasm to the world once more.

Slowly the lovers came down from their peaks and Rae lowered herself onto her husband's chest, cuddling him, still panting from her exertion as he was from his. Skye joined them on the bed, embracing them both as they shared their move for each other.

It took many minutes before the trio separated, the women to visit the bathroom, Jim to wipe himself with the towel beside the bed. Once they were all together again they sat on the bed and assessed the situation.

"That was amazing," said Jim, breaking the companionable silence, "I have never felt sensations like that before, especially for so long. How long were you two torturing me so beautifully?"

"It was nearly half an hour," said Rae, "And it was definitely worth doing. You came so hard in me, darling, harder than ever before. It felt wonderful and it's the first time I've cum twice in one session. I didn't know I was multi-orgasmic."

"Everyone can sort of be multi-orgasmic given the right type and level of stimulation," offered Skye, "The idea with tantric sex is It that it raises your awareness and increases the sexual sensations by making the journey, not the orgasm, the goal. In that way you have the orgasmic peaks without the post-orgasmic troughs and simply go gently higher and higher. Within a few weeks I'm sure that we can all have that experience. Sometimes we can reach our orgasms, sometimes we may choose not to, but either way we will experience the wonderful sexual nirvana that tantric sex offers."

"So you mean that I won't always get to spurt my cum during a session?" asked Jim.

"Not in the way you have until now," replied Skye, "But you will gain the same sensations and hold onto your ability to keep going and stay hard. This means that you'll be able to experience the sensations for hours instead of minutes. If you want to spurt your cum, as you seem to, then you can choose when to do that rather than leaving that more or less to chance."

"Well I, for one, am amazed how that session turned out and I'll be very keen to learn some more techniques from you, Skye. In fact, I feel you've probably saved our marriage," said Rae gratefully.

"I totally agree," added Jim, "But if either of you ladies wake up and feel a wandering hard cock probing your tender parts in the morning, I probably just want a quick fuck before getting up rather than a marathon."

"Yes, agreed, it doesn't always need to be tantric and it doesn't always need to be a marathon. Straight fucking is always an option if that's what you want. It is the ability to be able to choose that is so beneficial," replied Skye. "Anyway, I'm tired and need some sleep. Ready for lights out?"

They prepared themselves for sleep, Jim ending up in the middle of the bed embracing both women as they embraced him. They kissed each other goodnight, turned off the light and quickly dropped off to restful sleep.
