 I went to Penn State and had a great time. Joined a fraternity, was very active in it and campus politics, and every semester my grades dropped until I realized that I'd flunk out if I stayed. So, I transferred to a small school, made good grades and was now back at Penn State for my master's. I'm trying to do it in one year so I have a really packed schedule. Plus, I 'm really tight on money. Which means I can't be active on the dating scene. But I'm still human and I couldn't help noticing one girl in particular that one of my fraternity brothers is dating. She's the sexiest thing ever. She's sort of a dirty blond, blue eyes, more a cute face than beautiful, and with the kind of body you dream of. But what I noticed was her whole demeanor, which seemed to me to say 'I'm about to get fucked'. Or maybe, 'I've just been fucked and I'm going to get it again'. I don't think others saw her that way, she's just a cute, smiling blond to them.

I commented something to the guy dating her so that the next time she was at our house, she said something to me. I always answered her very truthfully. So she realized that I thought she was sexy. She also knew that I wasn't about to undercut a frat brother and date her. Didn't have the time or money to seriously date anyone. So one day she, Mary, cornered me on campus and told me how much she liked sex and that she and my frat brother had no commitment to one another and that she had been with other guys anyway and she didn't need to be wined and dined but just needed some servicing. She'd never even mention it to my frat brother. She particularly remembered me saying something about eating a girl for hours - an exaggeration. I ended up back at an apartment she shared with another girl and in her bedroom we had great sex. I ate her for a long, long time. Would work her up and then back off her clit and then work her up again, over and over. She came several times and finally I was getting jaded with her pussy and slid up over her and fucked her. She loved it. She said she wanted to fix me up with her room mate, Sarah. That she and her room mate, when they find a good guy, always share with the other. I mean Mary still wanted me more too, but wanted me to do her room mate because she'd just love it.

I wasn't too sure about it. I had never just been a stud to someone I'd never met or built up a relationship with before. But I agreed. I wrote about all this in "The Horny Coed."

 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 

I'm approaching the door to an apartment where I'm supposed to have sex with a girl named Sarah that I've never met. Never even seen as far as I know. I have had brain-numbing great sex with her room mate, Mary, who talked me into also doing her room mate. So here I am, it's all been arranged. 2:30 on a Thursday afternoon, we both have an afternoon free of classes. Nothing remotely romantic about this. I sort of wonder what the heck I'm doing. I'm just horny enough that it's all sort of intriguing. Dumb probably but here I am. I ring the bell. The door opens.

I thought Mary was attractive. This girl is way beyond that. She's a knock out. Black hair, very black. Creamy white skin. Bright eyes that are a light blue, almost grey. It's like being greeted by the actress Kate Beckinsale, who's cast in movies because of her beauty more than her acting ability. I mean this isn't just a nice looking girl, she's fantastic. Movie star beautiful. When I manage to look down at the rest of her I realize that she's also built. She's all in black. A knit black thing that clings to her body like a second skin and is either a long top or a very short dress because it barely covers her butt. It immediately makes me wonder if she has on anything under it. Really shapely legs. Bare feet. And she's not big. Maybe 5'2" or so and slight. A great body with all the curves but petite.

"Hi, I'm Sarah, and you're Brian?" she sort of says but goes up a little on the end making it a question.

I'm sure there's a pause before I answer. I didn't expect this. I was sure I'd been asked to service a loser not the campus beauty. I finally get out a "Yeah."

She steps back inviting me in and I enter and she shuts the door behind me. "So you're the home delivery stud service Mary arranged?" Again, it's like a statement that goes up just enough at the end to be almost a question.

"I guess that's one way to describe it. I've never really been in this exact situation before and to be honest I was a little hesitant about it. But obviously I've lucked out. You're beautiful, Sarah."

She smiles. "You come highly recommended, Brian. You impressed Mary and she isn't that easy to impress. Well, c'mon, we might as well get in my bedroom and get started. I've been anxious ever since she arranged this." She beckons slightly and walks away. She's as enticing from the rear as the front. A small package but perfect. I watch her butt do what girls do and sort of slouch and bounce from side to side slightly as she walks. Female hips are just built different than male. I also notice, for no good reason, that her feet aim straight ahead as she walks, not splayed out like a lot of people. After we go in, she closes the door of the bedroom across from the one I'd been in with Mary and turns to me. She then reaches down and grabs the bottom of this top she's wearing and pulls it up and over her head. She doesn't have anything on under it as I had wondered. She's totally naked. She just looks at me and sort of tosses her head slightly, which is telling me that I better get naked, too. So I do. She doesn't help, she just watches, smiling. 

"Mary raved about you and your oral skills, both really great and seemingly endless. I look forward to enjoying them myself. But I, too, love to do oral, have sort of an obsession with sexy erections, can never get enough. So I'll go first and satisfy myself and then be able to appreciate your talents, if that's o.k.?" The same pattern, sort of a statement that goes up at the end like a question. I never even manage to reply, I'm too entranced with her naked body. Perfect, like a sculpture of a man's dream of a female but almost in miniature. Breasts that probably don't measure large but are in proportion to her body, full and firm, nipples pointing right at me. She shaves, there's no sign of hair in her groin that I can see. No hair anywhere but on her head. Her black hair, cut short and shaggy, not long enough to reach her shoulders, is tousled from her clothing just being pulled over it and yet looks perfect. She looks perfect. 

And then that sexy body moves to me. Her hand grasps my cock, which is getting harder by the second, and she smiles, well, more of a grin I guess, looking at me and then kneels and kisses my cock. Licks it, moves her head from side to side, tasting me. Looks up at me grinning. Then her lips go around the head and I can feel her tongue inside, licking me, sucking me. She moves her hand to the base of my cock and her mouth follows until she has me at least half inside her mouth. I can feel her throat, I'm about as far in as I can get. Her mouth is working me like mad, sucking and licking. Her other hand moves up and holds my balls and, as she sucks me and moves her hand back and forth at the base of my cock, she starts playing with my balls, moving them around in her grasp. It's sort of unbelievable, the most beautiful girl I've ever seen has her mouth open wider than it looks as if it could get, just to accept my cock. Her eyes are closed, she's savoring the feelings of having my cock in her mouth. She starts moving her head back and forth, milking me, licking and sucking all along.

She's making a noise. Maybe a purr, maybe a moan. She slides her head back until it comes free, a string of saliva runs from my cock to her mouth. She looks up at me for a moment, grinning, then looks back at my cock, licks her lips and moves her mouth back around me and goes back to sucking me, feeling me, arousing me, sliding her mouth back and forth. humming or purring again. I can even feel the vibrations of her sounds on my cock. I know I can't last long, this is all too much. So I say, out loud but softly, "I'm not going to last long." Her eyes flick up at me for a moment and then close again as she seems to try and get even more of me into her mouth, working me even faster with both her hands and mouth. Her one hand leaves my balls and moves down between her legs to masturbate herself. 

Almost by reflex, I start moving my hips, fucking her mouth. I don't think about it or mean to, it just happens. Her eyes open and flick up at me again. Her mouth is so full of me, stretched, that I'm not sure but I think she's smiling. She's also sucking, moving even faster as I move, too. The fact that I'm about to cum doesn't stop her, it encourages her, I think. And then I cum. I shove into her, her head moves back some to accept my push. I shoot off a major load. Her hand between her legs is moving fast, I shoot off another and then another. She has to be swallowing, she couldn't hold it all. Well, maybe she can because she moves her head back and looks up at me, her mouth open so I can see that it's full of my creamy white sperm. Her head jerks a little as she swallows, I can see the mouthful disappearing. She swallows several times, then her mouth is back around my cock, licking, sucking out every last drop from me.

"You have a delicious cock," she says as she stands and almost jumps toward her bed. "I'm really ready for you to get me off now, I really need it." She's on the bed, at a slight angle, her feet towards me,her legs spread, staring at me with a look that I can't describe other than pure lust. I know she wants me to get at her pussy, her clit, but I need to relish that whole, sexy body. Her hand is between her legs, her fingers working furiously on her clit. "Mary said you were great at oral. I need to cum. I need you to work on my clit."

It isn't what I wanted. I'm really beginning to feel like a whore, a hired sex aide, but what the heck, if that's what she needs right now, why not? I grab her feet and pull her luscious naked body towards me until her butt is at the edge of the bed. I kneel down on the floor and get my mouth and hands to her pussy, spread her lips a little and get my tongue in and lick up and down but move right away to her clit. I flick my tongue on it, get my lips to it and suck it, pull it a little. Her moans start getting more shrill. Her hips start jerking and jumping. Her sounds become almost short bursts of screams, staccato. I can feel fluid coming from her. I lower my mouth slightly and suck her whole pussy into my mouth. Or as much as I can.

"Uh, Uh," she's screaming, "Fuck me. Get it in me. I need it in me." Well, what the heck again. I straighten up some, get my cock aimed at her very red and juicy pussy and start shoving into her. She goes a little crazy, yelling. "Uh, uh, fuck me. Faster, harder!" I have her butt almost a foot off the bed. Her body is almost resting on her shoulders as I pound my cock into her as hard and fast as I can. Even as I'm doing it I'm thinking, 'What is this? I'm fucking a beautiful woman and I'm not happy about it. I mean it feels great but it's all just sex on demand. I don't know her, I'm just the available pussy licker and fucker following orders. I should probably find an envelope with payment in it when we're done and I leave.' I've never come close to feeling like this before. But then this is the first time I'm having sex with someone without spending any time at foreplay, without becoming even vaguely acquainted before jumping in the sack.

Well, she cums again. And again and then again before I do. I don't give a darn if she likes it or not, I just keep fucking her, fucking her hard, until I cum. Then I pull out and leave her naked on the bed and I dress and leave. She acts as if she's satisfied, never asks me to stay. Her look of lust is still there but now sort of a satisfied look. And she's still movie-star beautiful laying there naked, her one hand holding her pussy, a smile on her face.

The next day, Friday, Mary is waiting for me after my one o'clock class. She knows I have no more for the rest of the day. She wants me to go back to her place with her again. I look at her and tell her, "Mary, you're the sexiest girl around anywhere. I want to kiss and lick and taste every inch of your body. Your lips, face, neck, shoulders, breasts, stomach, that gorgeous ass of yours, your legs. And when I get to the real meat, I'll be ready to just feast on you for as long as I can. Is that what you want?"

She's grinning. "Brian, I'm almost cumming just listening to you. Yes, I want whatever you want. But as you know, I've got a real yen for cocks so I want to suck you first, then you can do anything you want with me."

And that's what we do. She does a perfect job of sucking my cock, playing with my balls, almost giving me a hand job while she's at it, and then swallowing everything I shoot off into her mouth. She comes up grinning afterwards. "Brian, I love your cock. You're just delicious."

Then I do everything I wanted to do. She has such a sexy body. Every bit of her exudes sex. Lovely breasts, soft yet firm, with nipples that harden up as I work on them. Gorgeous ass, round and firm and feels perfect, so smooth and warm. Shapely legs, great calves, thighs. And her pussy. Wow? I could work on that for hours. Well, actually, after fifteen or twenty minutes I realize that what I really want to do now is fuck her. So, after her third orgasm from my tongue and fingers, I move up over her and get aimed into her and away we go. She's so good. Feels so great to be in her. She pushes back, works as hard as I do, enjoying my cock moving inside her. Once she cums, we switch and she gets on top and rides me. Looking up at her perfect body moving on me is as arousing as possible, so once her insides start flexing and working on me as she cums, I cum, too. 

She lays down on top of me, my cock still in her. I can feel her breasts against me. Her face is lower than mine, her head laying on my chest and shoulder. "How did you like Sarah?" she asks.

"I have to be honest," I say, "It wasn't that great. It was all sort of cold somehow. I mean, I've wanted you from the first time I saw you. And you've obviously wanted me, since you're the one that makes the moves on me. So maybe it was the arrangement. I mean, she's beautiful. Really beautiful. Movie star beautiful. But it was like I was a hired whore or something. She sucked me. She's almost as good at it as you. Then she pretty much ordered me to suck her clit and give her an orgasm, so I did. Then she wants me to fuck her, so I do. By then I was a little pissed. I wasn't doing anything that I intended to do, I was just following her orders. So I purposely fucked the shit out of her, banged away as hard and fast as I could and just kept it up as she had a couple orgasms. Then I left. It's not something I want to do again. I mean, I guess I should be happy to have my cock in a vagina but I'm used to more foreplay, more emotion rather than just mechanically doing it. I love what we do and look forward to being with you as often as possible."

"Gee, that's something. Because she was very happy about it. She wants to get with you some more."

"Boy, we saw the same thing from very different perspectives, I guess. There was no feeling at all. It was just everything happening correctly from a mechanical standpoint but with no emotion. Well, maybe not. Towards the end I was fucking her with emotion. Pissed off emotion. I was trying to treat her as hard as possible. Mistreat her. I don't know, maybe she liked that. Maybe other guys all hold her in awe or something. I sure didn't."

"Well, I hold you in awe all right. Do you think a shower might get you ready for another go-around?"

It did. I fucked her standing up, against the tile wall, in the shower. Still hard after she came, we 69'd on the bathroom floor until she came again, then she rode me, back on the bed, until we both came. She's truly a sexy girl. We also agreed to meet at her place a week later, same time.

The following Thursday as I come out of class, Sarah's waiting for me. I'll have to find out how Mary got my schedule because these girls know when I have free time available. "Hi, Sarah," I say while wondering inside how in the heck to handle this.

"We need to talk, Brian. Will you come back to my place or is there someplace else we can talk?"

"Why go anywhere? Why not just here, on campus? We can walk a little or stop wherever you want and not be overheard."

"I want to find out what's wrong with me. Or what you think is wrong. Mary say's you weren't happy with our time together last week."

"Maybe there's something wrong with me, Sarah. You're beautiful. Movie star beautiful. Terrific body."

"Well then, what's wrong? Why didn't you like being with me? I mean, I have guys after me all the time. I'm not used to having a guy dis me."

"I didn't dis you. It's me. I don't know exactly how to explain this. Well, look, from the first time I ever saw Mary I thought she was sexy. And somehow she decided I was sexy. We wanted each other. I wanted to get at her body. I wanted to taste every inch of her and when I finally got my mouth to her pussy I wanted to feast on her, eat her for hours. And I did. Well, sort of. And I love doing it. And she loves me doing it. So maybe it's just that I never got to know you earlier, never got to want you. Even though it's just sex and not lifetime serious, I want a little feeling involved, maybe a little romance or something. Desire is probably the word. I never managed to build up any desire with you. You practically ordered me to work on your clit 'til you came, then told me to fuck you. So I did what you asked for. I never got to do what I wanted to do. I did what you wanted. I felt like a hired whore. So when I fucked you I purposely banged into you as hard and fast and for as long as possible. My only emotion was closer to anger than romance. I mean everything with you was so mechanical, no emotion."

"Oh," is all she said. We walked next to one another, slowly. Then she looked up at me and stopped walking. "I liked what we did. I love your cock, it's feel, it's taste. I loved having an orgasm from your mouth working on me. And I've never been fucked like that before in my life. Later, I thought about it and decided that most guys are careful with me, hesitant maybe. You just banged me. Fucked me. And I came and came and came and you just kept pounding me. I think I was more aroused than I've ever been. So I got what I wanted. But now I can see that you didn't get what you wanted. So I guess the problem is, how can you get what you want and I get what I want also? Because I don't want to just give up. It was too good to not try and do it again."

Now it was my turn for an "Oh." She's right. My problem was me not getting what I wanted. "I've always thought that I was giving the girl what she wanted by treating her great, by spending a lot of time appreciating the girl's body, a lot of time eating pussy. And I never got to do that with you. So I didn't like it. In my mind I was mistreating you when I fucked you so hard. Getting even sort of for you mistreating me and not letting me do what I wanted. Yet it ends up that's what aroused you, my mistreating you. My fucking you so hard. If I treated your body the way I prefer I would be sort of idolizing your body, which is what other guys do with you. Now you've discovered you like it sort of rough and hard. That's interesting."

"I'd love to have you eat me for hours. I can't imagine that I wouldn't love that. You may be right that I liked being fucked rough because I guess I did. How about my sucking you, did that bother you?"

"No, you were very good at it. Some girls leave the impression that they're just doing it because they think they should. You seemed to enjoy it. And I can't imagine any guy that doesn't want a woman to suck him. So that's no problem at all."
