 After they'd all had breakfast, Lenny and Chucker drove Karl to the train station in Nice, Lenny driving because Chucker was not a driver on the rental agreement for the BMW. After dropping Karl off the other two went back to the hotel and up to Lenny and Karl's suite.

They had a glass of wine, and sat on the couch kissing. Chucker had Lenny all to himself for at least a day, and couldn't wait to have sex with her. He took off her blouse, and then her bra, so that he could kiss and fondle her lovely breasts. Then as he kissed them he started to slip his hand up her skirt.

Lenny was getting warmed up but something was wrong.

"Chucker, my love, it isn't right."

He looked at her quizzically. "What's wrong my lovely one?"

"This seems wrong without Karl here."

"There you go again. Just when I'm getting into things, that chap comes up."

"I'm sorry, but I think I'm starting to love him, I certainly miss him."

Chucker kept his hand under her skirt, but sat back. "Do you miss him watching you while we fuck?"

"I don't know what it is. I just know I like it when he's here. Do we have to do it here?"

"I have an urgent need to fuck you Lenny. So let's get it over, shall we? Take off your knickers!" He said brusquely.

She hesitated a moment, then pulled up her skirt and took off her panties and dropped them on the floor. Chucker got up, and kneeling in front of her spread her legs, and pulled her hips toward him. Then roughly opening her labia with his fingers, pushed his stiff penis into her vagina.

"Oh God, that's good." She groaned

Then he started to fuck her hard, banging away at her crotch without let up.

"Oh oh, good..good, fuck me....fuck me hard my love. Harder sweety fuck me harder....I love you sweety ......yes,yes........right there.....oh I love........there it is.......Aaaaaaah." As she reached a climax.

Moments later he ejaculated into her after a few more hard, punishing thrusts.

They remained locked together for a few minutes, then Chucker slowly pulled out of her pink hole.

After they'd both cleaned up Lenny picked up her panties from the floor and put them back on, then slipped her blouse back on. Chucker walked out on to the balcony and stood looking out at the sea, and Lenny came to him, put her arms around him and asked what was the matter. He said nothing was the matter, but he seemed rather morose.

"You seemed angry, even though that was very good. Is something the matter?"

"I WAS angry. I was angry and jealous of Karl, for having your love."

"But you have my love when we're fucking, Chucker. I can't help it, I tell you over and over, I can't help myself. But I think I love my husband more, and miss him when he's not here."

Chucker suggested they take a relaxing drive in the foothills of the Alps. He said he knew a small restaurant where they could have lunch. So they got ready, and again with Lenny driving they drove up the narrow, winding road into the mountains past Barcellonette. It was quite a challenge for a girl who'd never driven outside California, hardly the relaxing drive she had in mind. 

The weather was gorgeous, and the further they drove the more spectacular the views became. They soon arrived at the restaurant in a tiny village and found only a couple of other people there. They sat on the balcony which overlooked a deep rock strewn, but green, valley to have lunch 

After a nice light meal accompanied by a delicious bottle of chilled Vouvray, they sat drinking coffee and talking for half an hour. Lenny and Karl were going to leave within a week, and Chucker told her he would be there another week after that. They agreed that they should keep in touch after they both got home.

"Maybe we should be heading back." Chucker suggested, and she agreed, so soon they were on their way back down to Nice. After they'd stopped along the road to admire the view, Chucker slipped his hand up Lenny's skirt to caress her soft inner thigh.

"You have to stop that." She told him. "It's very distracting, and might make us have an accident."

"I've got a better idea. Why don't we pull into one of the view points and fuck."

"You're crazy, Chucker." She said. "Someone would see us and besides we had sex this morning and I'm not ready again yet."

He seemed to have a constant need for sex, and even though she always enjoyed it, it could get tiresome.

He pulled his hand away, then said "Okay, my love. How about a quick blowjob?" 

"No Chucker. That would be as bad as if we were fucking. We'd be seen for sure."

He continued to plead with her until finally she swung into a parking spot and stopped dead.

"Okay, take it out." She told him.

With some difficulty, because it was so hard, Chucker pulled his penis out. 

"Oh baby, thank you." He said. "I'll shoot a nice wad into you sweet mouth."

Instead Lenny took his penis in her hand and slowly started to rub it.

"Please, Lenny, suck my cock."

"This is what you're going to get," she said grimly. "A hand job. So get your handkerchief out."

Grumbling still, Chucker pulled out his handkerchief, and put it over her hand and his penis. Very soon he was getting close to coming, so Lenny spit into her hand and rubbed some more. Soon she felt his warm ejaculate start to shoot all over her hand.  

"Nice; that's so good, my love. Squeeze it, squeeze it.....mmmmmmmm that's good." He murmured.

Just at that moment another car came in and parked next to them, as Chucker sat leaning back with his eyes shut, and his hand still up Lenny's skirt, a woman got out of the car. As she went by she glanced into their car, and did a double-take as she saw the handkerchief in Chucker's lap, with Lenny's hand under it. She walked over to the edge where the man was standing and whispered something in his ear. They both looked back at the BMW and laughed.

After the others left, Chucker cleaned himself up, then handed the handkerchief to Lenny, whose hand was covered with his juices. She started to wipe her hand only to find the handkerchief was saturated,

"You could lick it off." Chucker suggested.

"Yuck. That's disgusting." She told him and handed the handkerchief back.

"That's what you do when you give a blowjob, isn't it?" He replied.

"That's altogether different." Lenny said, as she finally found a tissue which got most of it off.

They continued down to join the main road to Nice, and soon were back at the hotel. Lenny wanted to go up to the suite, but Chucker persuaded her to come up to his room. On the way up in the elevator they talked to an older, English couple who introduced themselves as Sir Oswald and Lady Janet Muchalin. She was very pleasant while he said hardly a word. 

In Chucker's room they talked for a while, then he kissed Lenny and started to fondle her breast, taking off her blouse and bra. Then his hand was up her skirt again.

"Sweety, sweety, you want more?" She asked him. "I don't think I'm ready and I just jacked you off. How can you be ready again so soon?"

But he persisted, finally getting her panties off.

After a few minutes of fingering her, he asked Lenny, "Have you ever thought of shaving yourself?"

"Shaving? You mean my pubic hair?"

"Yes." He said, "Your pussy."

"I hate that."

"What?" He was puzzled. "What do you hate?"

"Pussy. I hate that word 'pussy'. Between my legs I have a vagina, or if you want something less formal, a cunt. But I don't have a pussy."

There was silence for a minute while he absorbed that. 

"Okay, I want to shave your cunt."

"If anyone shaves me, it will be me. Do you think I should?"

"It would beautiful." He said.

"And what would Karl think when he got back, maybe he wouldn't like it."

"Then you could let it grow back." Chucker said.

"Yes, I could, but the whole thing, you know, me shaving myself for you and everything. That might make him mad."

"I don't see why it would annoy him. He enjoyed watching me fuck you."

Finally Lenny agreed, but she'd do it herself, she said, much to Chucker's displeasure. He had wanted to perform this intimate act, but couldn't persuade Lenny to let him.

He lent her a razor, and a pair of scissors, and told her to first clip the hair short before shaving. She went into the bathroom and closed the door, because Chucker, of course, wanted to watch. 

Sitting on the edge of the tub, with the wastepaper basket between her feet, she clipped her pubic hair very short. Then she ran water into the bath, finished undressing, and sat in the tub. After a few minutes, she soaped her crotch and shaved off the rest of the hair until it was quite smooth. She liked the way it felt.

Meanwhile Chucker had undressed and was waiting, naked, with a very hard penis, watching the porn channel that was available at the hotel. As she came out he got up and stood in front of her.

"My God! You're lying in wait for me!" She laughed. "How does it look?"

He said it was beautiful and they agreed that it showed things that were normally covered by pubic hair and he couldn't wait to touch her. He led her over to the couch and sat her down. Then pushed her legs open and opening her pink labia, started licking this strangely different thing. They both loved it, she for the wonderful feeling his tongue was giving her, and he for the wonder and smoothness of her.

Lenny felt as if she might have an orgasm, but before she did he got up and pushing her back on the couch, mounted her, and pushed his dripping penis into her eager slit.

"Oh, oh ..wonderful." She gasped as his pubic hair touched her naked crotch. "Your hair, your pubic hair..............oh shit that feels good."

Then he started to screw her hard and fast as she alternately moaned with pleasure and urged him on.

It was quick but very satisfying for both of them, and afterward they lay together and kissed, muttering loving words for a few minutes, then lay still. Chucker fell asleep, his penis still in Lenny's vagina, while she continued to enjoy the feel of his hair on her shaved parts until it started to tickle. She gave him a shove.

Chucker awoke with a start. "It's getting late and you're tickling me." She said. "Besides, we should get ready for dinner."

They rolled apart, and Lenny slipped her clothes on and went down to her suite to get dressed. He said he'd come down when he was ready and pick her up.

In a little while there was a knock on the door and Lenny let him in. She had on the blue, short cocktail dress she'd worn before.

"Lenny you look scrumptious." Chucker said. "Do you have on a suspender belt?"

"A what?" She didn't understand. "Oh yes, a garter belt. Do you really want me to wear one?"

"It would be so hot for me, knowing you were wearing one, and no knickers, don't wear any knickers." He replied.

"You men are impossible! I absolutely don't understand you, your needs are so strange."

But she went back into the bedroom and changed as he'd asked. Then they went out and into elevator. The English couple were in the elevator and they exchanged pleasantries.

"Are you the newlyweds the concierge told me about?" Lady Janet asked.

"I'm on my honeymoon," said Lenny, "but my husband, Karl, had to go up to Paris, and Chucker, our friend, is escorting me tonight."

Lady Janet thought for a few moments, then said, "If you had been the newlyweds I was going to ask you to join us for dinner, but I'm not sure if I should now, I wouldn't want to encourage adultery so early in your marriage. What do you think Ozzie?" She laughed.

Sir Oswald was eying Lenny. "Go ahead ye' silly cow. Live dangerously, ask'em."

"Very well, my dear. Will you join us for dinner?" She asked them.

They accepted, but Chucker protested, saying they should share the bill. When they insisted he finally relented.

Lady Janet said, "It's no good my husband owning a whisky company if we can't take people out to dinner once in a while."

They were a very pleasant couple, both slender, she in her early fifties, he ten to fifteen years older. She was a good looking woman, still beautiful, and Chucker wondered if she'd been an actress at one time. Lady Janet insisted that they call her and her husband Janet and Ozzie. They had travelled everywhere and always came back to this hotel in Nice for a month or two. 

"So she can meet young men." Sir Ozzie said

"It's rather so that you can eye the topless girls at the beach." Janet said. "Watch out for his hands, Lenny."

The Head Waiter knew them and sat them at an excellent table. Chucker noticed that all during dinner they never consulted a menu, but the waiter knew exactly what to bring them, even the wine.

When Lady Janet asked, Lenny explained that her name was actually Eleonora, to which Janet replied,

"You poor thing, I understand perfectly. I'd change my name too."

Ozzie had an endless supply of jokes, most of them filthy, but very funny. The evening was passing very quickly, and the food was delicious. Just after the meat course Lenny felt a hand on her knee, and she glanced over at Ozzie, but he was acting quite nonchalant.

They were all drinking a lot, so she thought it was just the drink and decided to ignore it. Then he leaned across her to say something to Chucker, and his hand shot up to her bare thigh. She thought she should say something to him discreetly, so as he sat back, she said quietly,

"Sir Oswald, please." And put her hand on his as if to push it away, but he didn't move it.

At that moment Janet said she was going to the Ladies Room, and would Lenny care to join her, and they'd have dessert when they came back.

Once inside the room Janet asked Lenny if Ozzie had put his hand on her leg, and when she said he had, Janet said,

"He always does, you know, but he's quite harmless, just wants a quick feel, humor him if you can dear."

Then she asked Lenny about Chucker. Lenny said he was very nice, to which her ladyship replied,

"No, you misunderstand me, I think. I'm sure he's a very nice chap, but what's he like in bed?"

When Lenny blushed, looked away and hesitated before answering, she went on, "Come dear, I'm sure he's fucked you, hasn't he? Was it any good?"

Lenny again paused then said, "It was wonderful. But," She quickly added, "You must realize there's nothing between us. I love my husband."

"Of course you do, Lenny, and I love Ozzie. But I'm glad your Australian friend is that good, that's what I was hoping. When you've left I might try to get to know him better. Oh, and one other thing, my dear Lenny. Do me a favor, when Ozzie puts his hand on your leg again, let him have his fun."

So they went back to join the men, and as Lenny ate her delicious mousse au chocolat she felt a hand on her knee again. She ignored it and felt Ozzie's hand slowly creep up to her thigh. He was leaning forward and talking quietly to her.

"You say you were a cheer leader in college?"

"Yes Ozzie." 

"One of those girls who dance around in front of everyone in short skirts at sports things, like football?"

"Well yes," Lenny answered him. "That's generally what we did."

"You didn't care that everyone could see your knickers and everything?" He went on.

"Well, you make it sound as if we dancing naked. We were really fully dressed, you know."

She went on to explain that there weren't wild parties where the players 'shagged' the cheerleaders. She said that most of the girls were very nice although there were probably a few who slept around. Furthermore, she personally had led a very sheltered life until she got married.

To which Ozzie replied. "I see you're not wasting any time now, though." And chuckled.

His hand was gradually creeping up her thigh as they talked, and while everyone must have seen the way he was leaning toward her, she was being so casual they probably didn't realize just what he was doing. That is until Lenny gave a slight gasp when he actually touched a ticklish part, and instinctively closed her legs and pushed his hand away.

Lenny had done her best to ignore what Ozzie was doing, but it was rather fun, and made her feel very naughty. She'd had enough to drink so that even though the waiter must have seen what was going on, she didn't care.

They had finished dinner and decided to have liqueurs and coffee in the lounge, and as they walked there, Ozzie took Lenny aside and said to her.

"Have you ever had an affair with an older man, my dear?"

"No, Ozzie," she said. "As I said before, my experience has been very limited."

"I thought all American girls enjoyed a good shag. I'd certainly like to get you in bed"

"Thank you, Ozzie, I'll take that as a compliment, but I'm sorry, it won't happen."

Lenny took Ozzie's arm and they nonchalantly walked on to join the others. 

After they had coffee and liqueurs they walked out along the promenade by the beach talking, Ozzie couldn't resist stroking Lenny's bottom. The noise of the waves striking the beach, and the smell of the sea was delightful but it was getting late and they soon went back to the hotel and up to their rooms.

When they stopped at Chucker's room to say goodnight, Janet smiled at Lenny and said "have a good night, my dear."

As soon as Chucker had Lenny alone he took her in his arms and they hugged and kissed. It wasn't long before he had her blouse off and was doing things to her breasts. He pushed her skirt up and licked and licked her, then her dress came off and she was down to just stockings and garter belt, the way Chucker wanted it.

He took a camera out of a drawer, saying he wanted some photos to remember her by, and she posed erotically for him. Lenny was completely uninhibited and things were hazy from too much wine, so she let him take pictures of everything. Finally, as she lay back with her legs open, he laid the camera aside and lay on top of her, kissing her, his hard erection nuzzling the moist, open, crease between her thighs. She gave a deep sigh as it penetrated her ready vagina, and Chucker started to fuck her. It was good, good for both of them, with Lenny uttering her usual words of encouragement. 

After a few minutes he told her to turn around and kneel, her head resting on her pillow, and he took her from behind. She loved the feel of him banging her hard, with his balls hitting her vagina.

"You've got a beautiful arse Lenny," He said as he paused in fucking her "Has anyone ever penetrated your rosebud?"

"My what?" She said looking up.

"Your rosebud – your arse hole." And he kissed it. Then kissed her hole again, and his tongue touched it.

"No." She said." It hurts." And she lay her head back down on the pillow.

"Lots of good things hurt the first time, but it doesn't hurt much if a man's careful."

Then, after a brief pause, "May I try it?" He asked.

"You'll hurt me." Lenny said.

"If it hurts I'll stop." He said, and he really meant it.

"Okay, but be very gentle, I've never had this before." If she hadn't had so much to drink, she realized later, she'd never have agreed to let him do it.

Chucker reached into the drawer beside the bed and pulled out a tube of lubricant. With his penis still in her vagina, he put a big blob on her anus and worked it into her hole with his finger.

"Mmmm, that feels different, I like it. Let's stop there." She said.

He ignored her, and slipped two fingers in, and worked them back and forth.

"That feels nice." Lenny said. "Is that your cock?"

"No, I'm just stretching your hole a little bit."

Then he put more lubricant on her anus, and gently pushed three fingers in.

"Ow! That hurts."

"Still stretching you, love. Just relax, I'll let you know when I stick the real thing in you."

This went on for several minutes, until Chucker thought he'd stretched her enough. Then he pulled out of her vagina and started to ease his hard penis into her anus.

"This is it Lenny. Try to relax."
