 this is part two, which i know it sucks, but hey i tried. if its even good, let me know and Ill post a part three. so send feedback and rate this so Ill know if i should write more or not.

xoxo Kandice

---- At home I fixed up my place. Cleaned everything up, put some candles around my bed and placed the stuff I had bought at the sex store on the nightstand so that he could see it when it was time to have fun.

6 hours later there was a knock at my door. Anxiety came over me, as I was nervous, because this was going to be the first time I'd ever met a guy off the internet.

Opening the door with a big smile on my face I saw him. He looked so handsome, wearing some dark blue jeans, and a white button up shirt with the top two buttons undone. Hugging me tightly, he whispered in my ear, “Did you get that stuff I asked you to get?”

“Yes,” I replied, “Its all ready and waiting for us next to my bed. Set your stuff in the floor in here, and we can begin to have fun before you have to go back home for work.”

I didn't usually meet people off the internet mainly because who knows if they are who they say they are. I trusted him though, and I was glad that I did. He was everything he said he was, plus some.

Walking into the bedroom with him, I could feel wetness gathering in my panties as I watched that big bulge between his legs getting thicker, and thicker by the second. I got nervous and wasn't sure of what to do. Should I kiss him? Pull his pants down and blow him right here? Or wait for him to make the first move.

Not even a minute after I thought that, he pulled on my arm, pulling me closer to him, and began kissing me. His tongue was penetrating my mouth so good that I could only imagine how it would feel to have it pushing in and out of my pussy. He unbuttoned and slid my blouse off, and my nipples became instantly hard. I rubbed them with my index finger and thumb while he slid his hand up my leg and inside my panties. His fingers felt so good pushing and pulling on my clit, that I knocked us both on the bed and spread my legs wide for him. As he played with my pussy, I reached over to my bedside table, and pulled out this big white sack with the dildo in it.

“Play with me, please?” I asked sincerely in this low voice, because I was breathing so hard from how much he was turning me on. He pulled out the dildo and laid it next to my head, and slowly took all my clothes off and began running his tongue over my nipples. Reaching for the dildo I wondered where he was going to put it first.. and to my surprise, he ran it along my lips and down my face, and in between my tits, and all the way down to my pussy. But instead of sliding it inside me, he went down a little lower, and started rubbing it around my puckered ass hole. It felt so good while he was doing it, but it hurt when he tried sliding it inside it, so instead he ran it back up to my pussy and slid it inside. All ten inches of it when inside me in one try and god my legs started bucking as my ass lifted off the bed up and down.

“God jack, you've got me so fucking horny.”

I reached for his head and brought it down to my tits, letting his mouth devour my nipples. His hand was still jacking the dildo in and out of me when I reached down took it out and slid him on top of me. His shirt and pants were still on, so I took them off and looked into his eyes and said, ‘baby you're gonna fuck me. you're gonna fuck me hard and fast and don't stop even if I say to.

His cock went up to the entrance of my pussy and almost went in, when i sat up and got over and my hands and knees, and begged him to fuck me from behind. My pussy was so wet and hot that I couldn't stand it. I wanted to cum right then and there. I wanted to cum a million times with his cock deep inside me, shooting his cum deep in me.

Spreading my legs a little wider I put my head, cheek first, down on the bed and put my hands between my legs and rubbed my clit while he slid the head of his cock inside me; and with one thrust, it was all the way in me and it was pumping in faster and faster than I've ever had before. I felt him playing with my asshole a little bit and didn't think much until I saw him out of the corner of my eyes grab some lube out of his pants pocket and moisturize my little ass hole so he could fuck me with my big fat dildo I had just bought. He pulled his dick out of me, and pushed his legs through the middle of mine and was laying on his back, when he reached up to my tits and pulled me so that I was facing the same direction as him, backwards on his cock. He laid me back onto him and was pushing me up and down on his cock, when I felt this excruciating pain of him sliding his cock in my ass. It hurt at first but then it felt so fucking good when he put the dildo in my pussy. I had never had a double penetration like this before. It was so great.

After pumping it in and out of me, and me playing with my nipples for a while, he pulled his cock out of me and squirted his cum all over my back.

And just then, there was a knock on my front door. Jumping up and throwing clothes on I ran to the door to lock it, but instead the person at the door got it open first.

“Randy! What are you doing here, youre supposed to be away on business!”

“Kandice, who is it?” called Jack from the bedroom.

“HER HUSBAND” The guy at the door yelled. 

And just then, I knew that it was going to get even more fun, only if I could convince my husband into it.

...to be continued? or not?