 I went from high school to a really huge state university, Penn State, where my two older sisters had gone and my younger brother probably would. At the suggestion of one of my sisters, I didn’t sign up for the dorms but rented a room temporarily while I “rushed” as many fraternities as I could. Fortunately, one of them accepted me. While living in the fraternity house cost slightly more than room and board in the dorms, it was worth it. It gave me an identity and a group of friends in a large, impersonal system. And it provided my whole social life.

I got really involved in the fraternity and the university. I was very active in student politics, rose in the Lion Party. I was social chairman of the fraternity, organizing parties and getting sororities to come to us, etc. And every quarter my grades dropped. I went from a 3.6 (out of 4.0) to a1.8. I even flunked a course. If I stayed, I would flunk out. So I transferred to a small college and my grades shot right back up. My final average was high enough that I managed to get into graduate school at Penn State and go back to my fraternity. 

Odd, though, the way everybody treated me. It was like I was the old man, the one with experience, the one to come to for advice and to treat deferentially. True, my class had graduated so I only vaguely knew a few guys and didn’t know most of the guys at all. Which was probably just as well. I had almost no money and if was to get through my Master’s in a year as I planned, I had to work my tail off. I didn’t get involved as I did years before; observed more than participated.

This one night I’m down in our rec room where a party is in full swing, a keg tapped, just sipping a beer and looking around. I think every guy but me has a date. There is one girl that really grabs my attention. She’s nice looking and has a great body but it’s the way she carries herself, the way she looks that attracts me. To me, she’s wildly sensual, sexy. She has a look in her eyes and a wry smile that says, to me at least, I’m getting fucked in a little while. But as I watched her, I changed my mind. Maybe she was saying, I’ve just been fucked and loved it. Or maybe she was saying she’d been fucked and was going to be again.

I was hallucinating, I decided. She’s just a friendly, happy coed. She does have a great body all right. Breasts ready to fall out of her top, nice tight ass, shapely legs. A real blond. Sort of dirty blond with sun streaks not Nordic platinum. Cute face more than beautiful. Blue eyes, light complexion to go with the blond hair. She’s with a fraternity brother, Kenny. She leans against him, her breast pressing into him, her hand in his rear pocket sort of feeling his ass. A truly hungry look in her eyes even when she’s laughing, as if she’s ready to eat him up.

I finish my beer and go back to my room and my books. Over the next couple days I learn that Kenny has been dating her since the middle of last year. Her name is Mary. No one else seems to see her as I do, to the others she’s just Kenny’s happy, smiling girl friend. I happen to sit at a table with Kenny at lunch and as we start to leave I say to him, “Kenny, you’ve got the cream of the crop in your girl. Treat her right and keep her happy because you’ll never find one better.” He smiles and answers in some innocuous way and we both go on.

The next weekend I drop into the rec room again and she’s there with Kenny. I sip a beer and watch everyone having a good time. I’m about ready to leave and she comes over to me. “Hi,” she says, “Kenny says you really like me.”

Shit. What do I do? “Uh,” I start out brilliantly, “I do. You’re as sexy a girl as I’ve ever seen.” Might as well be honest, what do I have to lose?

“Sexy?” she says, sort of surprised. Then she looks at me for real and pauses. “No one’s ever really described me like that before.”

“Oh, they’ve had to. Maybe not to your face. You’re extremely desirable. I mean, nice looking and all but something more. I don’t even know how to say it other than sexy. You look like you want sex, enjoy sex.”

She just looks at me. I’ve overstepped myself. But she doesn’t slap me. Doesn’t turn and leave. She looks at me. “Wow,” she finally says. “Kenny said you were smart, can almost read people’s thoughts or something. He’s right.”

“I didn’t mean it as an insult,” I quickly shoot out. “Maybe it’s even a form of praise. To me, at least, it makes you even more attractive.”

She grins. “You’re trying to pick me up, aren’t you?”

“No. Not at all. I would never do that to a brother. You’re Kenny’s date, Kenny’s girl. I’m just being truthful. It’s possible to admire something beautiful without touching it.” By then Kenny had come over and soon she was off with him and I finished my beer and left.

The next week, she’s there again. As soon as she saw me she came over. “You never have a girl and you should. I think I could fix you up with a date.”

“Thanks,” I reply, “but I’ve been spoiled by you, I couldn’t settle for anyone less.”

She laughed. “You’re full of it, you know. I really could. I mean I know a couple girls that are very nice and good looking and I know they’d like you.”

“Truth is, Mary, I can’t afford a girl. I have no money, am just barely squeaking by. And I’m scheduling a Master’s degree in one year and so I have no time. I can’t afford to screw up and my studies take more time than I have already.”

“But you’re like a monk or something. You need a girl. I don’t want to say the wrong thing but you need some sex. You can’t go a whole year without any, can you? I know I couldn’t.”

“Well, I miss it, that’s true. Sex is awfully good. But having sex means some level of commitment, some amount of time invested. Look at you and Kenny. You spend a lot of time together. And for you, that’s good. You always have a date when you need one. And you can have all the sex you want and any kind of kinky sex you want and no one blinks an eye because no one knows but you and Kenny. Other girls can have a lot less sex than you, perhaps, but go out and pick up guys and get a bad reputation as sluts. It’s important for a girl to have a steady guy. And I’m not willing to be any one’s steady guy right now.”

She just looks at me for a while. “Kinky sex?” she asks. “What kind of kinky sex do you think I’m having?”

Nothing I said bothered her, she honed in on kinky. Fortunately, Kenny came by and we all talked a little and they moved on and I left. I have no idea how I could answer her question so I was relieved. 

The next week was something more formal. She was dressed beautifully. She had on a black dress with a very low cut V in the front, ending in a large cloth rose at almost her waist, which catches your attention and forces you to see what she’s exposing. She can’t have on a brassiere, none are made that could leave her whole front open like that. Almost half of each breast is exposed, the dress seemingly just barely covering her nipples. Plus, her breasts are large enough or firm enough that they stand up well even unsupported, causing the dress material to leave gaps as it moves from her breasts to her waist. To me, it seems an open invitation to slide a hand in and caress a breast and squeeze its nipple.

She catches me looking at her, probably with my mouth hanging open and drooling. She comes over. “You like the dress?”

”The dress is interesting,” I say, “but it’s what’s in it that I like.”

She sort of wiggles a little and gives me a big grin. “You never answered my question last week,” she says, still grinning, “What kind of kinky sex do you think I’m having?”

I’d thought about how to answer that. “Mary, I have no idea. Any sex that the two parties involved happen to like is worth pursuing. I have no idea what you might like. Maybe you like oral and would like to get eaten for hours on end. Maybe you find you like action on your butt that needs explored further. I don’t know. Maybe you like to play roles or something. Little Red Riding Hood. Beats me. Maybe you don’t like anything other than standard stuff.”

Again, she hones in on only part of what I said, the part she likes, I imagine. “Have you ever eaten a girl for hours?” she asks.

“Yes, but it’s got to be done right. You can’t keep a woman in orgasm for hours. And it could get boring for either party. So it’s sort of up and down and warm and sexy and extemporizing, reacting to how she reacts.”

“Ohmigod,” she says, getting a little red in the face. Kenny came by and claimed her. I left.

I think it was two weeks later that I went down to the rec room and among all the others, Mary was there with Kenny. Again, she came to me.

“When you were talking at the dance, I almost had an orgasm just listening to you. You think I’m sexy? You’re the one that’s sexy.”

This time, I smiled. “Well, I’m glad you think so. But you’re in a distinct minority.”

She grinned. Sort of a dirty grin. “Kenny and I have no agreement. We don’t have to be exclusive with each other.” Then she just looked at me.

“But you’ve been dating steady for months. I doubt if Kenny would feel the same way and as I said before, he’s my brother. I can’t undercut my brother.”

“Even if he didn’t know? I mean, I’d just keep dating him like always. You said you couldn’t afford a steady girl but how about a horny girl that just needs, uh, servicing every once in a while.”

Fortunately, Kenny came by and led her away and I escaped to my room and books. I didn’t study well, though and had to beat off with Mary in my mind the whole time. She was propositioning me and I didn’t want to say no. But I had to. Being true to yourself is more important than a stray piece of ass. As sexy and desirable as she is, I can’t cuckold a brother. It’s not like I deserve her more than him. I’ve just intrigued her and she’s a horny enough girl that she wants to find out what she’s missing. If she’s actually missing anything. I mean, I’m no great stud. I likely can’t give her any more than Kenny already is. 

But surprise. The very next day as I left a class, Mary was in the hall waiting for me. I have no idea how she got my schedule. But if she did, she knows I have no more classes until tomorrow. She actually grabs my arm to stop me.

“Brian,” she says, “you said I was sexy and desirable so I know you want me. Well, I want you, too. You were right the first time you saw me, I’m a little over sexed. I think about sex all the time and I have it as often as I can. In fact, I’m not sure I’m ever satisfied. I mean, I really love an orgasm and all but later, in bed at night, either alone or with a guy sleeping next to me, I want more. I always want more and end up having to take care of myself. So you saying you could eat me for hours really turns me on. For hours! I mean, you might actually finally satisfy me. And even if you don’t, I know I’ll still love it. And don’t let Kenny stop you. As I told you, we have no agreement to be exclusive. In fact, I’ve been with several other guys since I started with Kenny and I’m pretty sure he knows it from things I’ve said. I don’t say with who and I wouldn’t after being with you. But you wouldn’t interfere any with Kenny and me. I mean, he’s pretty good and I like being with him. It’s just, I want more. I want you. And no commitment. Maybe just once, maybe more often, whatever suits us. So come on. You have a couple hours now and so do I.”

She must have been rehearsing because that all rushed out in a matter of seconds. She has my arm and is trying to lead me away. And she’s gorgeous and she’s right, I do want her. So I go along.

As we walk she tells me more about her sex life. She lives in an apartment with her own bedroom so she has a place for sex. She says that as a freshman she was in the dorm but discovered there weren’t many places to have sex so she found, as she describes it, another cock hound and for the last two years they’ve shared an apartment. Since they both frequently use their bedrooms for sex, neither is bothered by the other doing it. She also tells me her first sex started with a neighbor, a married man, eating her, having oral sex with her. Which she loved. Then he talked her into sucking him and she discovered she loved that, too. And fucking was even better. So then she introduced some boys in her class at school into sex and she’s never stopped since. In fact, she claims, when she goes home at school breaks, she still has sex with the married neighbor.

Then we’re at her apartment. Sort of small and junky, just what college students can afford. Then in the bedroom and she’s naked within a minute. I’m getting there but moving slower. 

“Mary, your body is even better naked. You’re gorgeous,” I say as I get my clothes off. Mary can’t wait and is unzipping my jeans and pulling them down. As I step out of them she has my under shorts on the way, too. As My cock springs up, right in her face, she grabs it and gets the head in her mouth while my shorts are around my calves. She licks and sucks. “Mary, let me get out of my shorts,” I say. She moves her head back but doesn’t let go of my cock.

“You’ve got a delicious cock,” she says as I step out of my shorts and am finally naked. Then with a slurping sound she’s got her mouth around it again and is grasping my balls with her other hand. “I love to suck cock,” she says as she moves her mouth free for a moment. She’s jerking me off with one hand, playing with my balls with the other, and sucking and licking the end half like she’s having it for lunch.

After she keeps this up for another few seconds, I need to do more than stand there watching my cock disappear into her lovely mouth. I put a hand on her head and start shoving my cock into her. Her eyes flick up at me for a moment and I think there was a hint of a smile on those lips spread around me. She moves her hand off my cock and uses both hands on my balls as I start pumping into her mouth, fucking her face. She moves a hand around to my butt, pulling me to her. She takes all of my cock as I pump into her over and over until I can tell I’m not far from exploding. “I’m going to cum,” I say.

She opens her mouth and moves her head back for a split second, strings of saliva connecting to my glistening cock. “Good,” she says and closes her lips around me again. I pump into her a few more times, my cock grows even harder and I shoot my load, several spurts, into her. A drop or two squeezes out between her lips but she keeps most of it in and swallows several times. She then sucks on me, licks me clean and sits back on her calves, with a smile on her face. After staring at my cock a second she looks up at me. “I really love that,” she says, then stands and turns toward the bed. “Your turn,” she adds as she climbs on, lies down and spreads her legs and starts fingering herself.

I tell her what a great body she has. Because she does. Really shapely, every square inch is a curve. Lovely full breasts, small waist, although it’s getting a little soft, she’s going to need to start going to a gym. Terrific legs. She doesn’t shave and it’s obvious she’s a natural blond. I climb over her to kiss her.

“I thought you were going to eat me,” she says.

“I am,” I almost murmur, “but all in good time. I’ve never, ever kissed you before and I need to get myself in the mood by enjoying your luscious body.”

“You’re going to taste your cum,” she says. “Most guys don’t like that.”

“Well I do,” and I kiss her, she kisses back.

As we kiss I feel one of her breasts and then slowly start working my way down her, kissing her neck, her shoulders, caressing and then sucking on each breast and nipple, down across her abdomen, then down a leg. Over and over I tell her what a delicious body she has. She urhes me on a little several times as I work my way down a leg and then up the other, kissing the inside of her thighs. Then I sit back.

“Hey,” she says, “don’t stop, you were finally getting there.”

I smile at her as I climb off the bed and pull her around. I can’t spend a long time licking her pussy with her spread like a bug on its back and me with my butt in the air and my head down and into her. I kneel on the floor in a much more comfortable position , between her legs, and get my face back up into her. I lick her labia. “See if you’re comfortable bending your legs and putting a foot on each of my shoulders,” I say. She does that and her pussy becomes even more accessible. I use my fingers to spread her open and get my tongue into her.

I’m not sure how long I eat her. I Purposely bring her close to orgasm and then leave her clit alone for a moment as she calms a little and then back to it. I bring her to full, screaming orgasm over and over. Her legs move over and over, onto my shoulders, up and spread, then back again. It may not be hours but them, again, it may be. She’s into “Oh, fuck” and “God” and “Shit” over and over along with miscellaneous moans and sighs and an occasional “Don’t stop” when I would take a few breaths. When she has another really high orgasm and I’m getting jaded by licking and sucking her I stand up, push her around back onto the bed and get between her legs and get my cock into her. I think she’s worn out, she smiles and just lets me fuck away for a short while and then slowly starts reacting more and more. She shoves with her legs and hips, fucking back at me. After a while her grunts start turning into minor screams and I’m pretty sure she’s on her way to another orgasm. I pump faster and harder to get myself there, too. Finally, as her body stiffens and she gives a continuos scream I cum, too, and we both sort of collapse, me on top of her.

We just lie there, breathing and looking at one another. I push myself up a little, getting my weight off her and roll off to the side. We both look at one another. “Fuck, Brian,” she finally says, “that was really good.” I move slightly over her to get my lips to hers and kiss her. She gets an arm up around me and kisses back. When we break the kiss, she smiles at me and I can see in her eyes that she’s just thought of something. “Could you do that to my room mate?” she asks.

“What?” I shoot back. “Your room mate?”

“Yeah, you were fantastic. And when either of us gets something really good we share it. That’s how I’ve had sex with guys other than Kenny for the last several months. When she has a really good one and gets them to also do me.”

“But I’ve never even seen her.”

“She’s good looking. You’ll enjoy it.”

“But there’s no feeling or anything. I mean, I got to know you, got to really want you, but with your room mate it’d just be having sex with a stranger.”

“Well, I want you to do me more, too, and if you don’t want to do Sarah you don’t have to but I hope you will because I know she’d really love it.”

I’ve never run into anything like this. With every other girl I’ve ever been with I had some emotional connection, even if it was momentary. And I’m sure they felt something for me. The sex was always connected to love, even if it was sort of a false love and we were kidding ourselves. I’ve never been with a prostitute. Mary and her roommate, Sarah, weren’t prostitutes at all. They didn’t charge money or even sell themselves for some other favor like grades. But it was obvious that it was sex for sexes sake. If they ever decided to be prostitutes they wouldn’t have any problems with their conscience or feeling guilty about it. 

But I have to admit to myself that I’d enjoyed my sex with Mary. There was no commitment. I only had to take a brief moment away from my studies and it didn’t cost me a penny. I want to do it more. And probably it would be just as good with Sarah, whoever she was. Still, I can’t help feeling a tinge of guilt as I smile and say, “O.k., sure, just line it up.”                                    

#  #  #