 Let me know what you think of this by sending me feedback and rating it.

Thanks, gutterslut

----

My cell phone rang as I was walking into the store, so I fumbled around through my purse to find it.

“Kandice, where are you at?” Jack said, in a low breathy voice.

“I'm in the sex shop, getting the toys you asked me to get, why?”

“I'm on my way now. I should be at your house at about 8pm.”

“Ok Hun, I’ll see you then,” I said as I hung up the phone and looked around for the large dildos.

Jack was this guy that I met on a website, Literotica.com. He was hot as hell, and had a large cock that I couldn't wait to play with. Tonight I was meeting him for the first time, face to face.

He was driving all the way to my house from Nebraska, which is about a 6 hour drive. I already had my list ready of the things he wanted me to get.

10 inch vibrating dildo, some porno's to watch and mimic, and something sexy to wear for him. Looking around at all the toys and sex tapes and leather outfits I was getting so hot that I couldn't handle it anymore. Looking around for a bathroom, I snuck inside so I could please myself. Locking the door behind me, I took off my jacket and laid it in the floor before laying down on it. I pushed my skirt up to my waist and stuck a few fingers inside my panties and started teasing my clit. I could feel my tight cunt getting wetter and stickier as I rubbed my hard as hard as I could in circular motions. A few minutes passed by and I was getting closer and closer to orgasm as I heard a key moving around inside the door knob. The door opened up and a man in his early twenties walked in and shut the door behind him. Rushing around to pull my skirt down and explain to him how sorry I was, he didn't say anything, but instead sat in the floor in front of me and started undoing his pants to let his cock out.

He wasn't a bad looking man at all, so I really didn't mind, and instead I just went back to what I was doing. I could see him staring at my clit while my fingers mingled with it, and I don't think he minded that my eyes were watching closely to his hand jerking his cock.

“What's your name?” he said to me.

“Uh, Kandice. What's yours?”

“Rob.”

I was moving my hips up and down trying to get into the right position to get the most pleasure out of this, when he sat up on his knees and started crawling over to me. His hands were so damp on my thighs as i felt him tugging on my panties trying to pull them down. Placing my hands on the tiles, I lifted my ass up and let him pull them all the way off. He spread my legs a little wider and rubbed his thumb up and down my pussy slit before laying on top of me and sliding his cock slowly, all the way inside me. His cock had to of been 7 1/2-8 inches long, and god it felt like heaven as he began fucking me.

“How did you know what I was doing in here?” I said to him in between breathes.

“See that light fixture up there, we have a camera in it. We watch all the people come in here and masturbate.”

So I'm not the first one, i guess?”

“No, and you wont be the last. But you're the sexiest one I have seen in a while.”

His hands were gripping my shoulders to gain more strength to fuck me, and I had already began moaning from the pleasure. His right hand then covered my mouth to contain the noise that was coming from it. Looking down my body, I watched as his cock rammed in and out of me, faster and faster and faster. My little cunt was being abused by his fat cock, and I was loving it. I loved it when he would pound his cock into me as fast and hard as he could, and then squeeze my shoulders to get a better grip.

A knock at the door interrupted us.

“Rob we need you out front.” called from the outside the door.

He pulled his cock out of me, and started buttoning his pants and fixing his shirt.

“It was fun. You should come in here again and we can finish what we started.”

“I’ll try.” I said while fixing my hair and opening the door, to walk out and pay for my stuff.

I quickly looked through the store to find what I came for, paid for it and left trying not to look at Rob as I slipped out the door.



... to be continued.

If you would like me to finish this, vote on it, then send me feedback, and let me know.

xoxo