 As I approached the door of your house for a barbeque, I had a moment of anxiety and excitement. I knew he would be pleased with the outfit I had on. I was wearing a short, white, tight, pleaded mini skirt that shows off the silhouette of my tight, hard ass. My shirt is a red halter top that is see-thru lace; you can see the outline of my large perky breasts that are hardly staying in the shirt. The shoes were to die for, they were stilettos with little rhinestones on the straps, which went up my leg extenuating my in tone calves. I wanted to wear something that would turn you on the whole day and make others jealous. 

I was a bit nervous and wanted to please, but on top of that I wanted to take advantage of you right when you opened the door, but I was well aware that other were going to be at the barbeque, so I refrained from using my animal instincts. I then began ringing the door bell, as you opened it, I could smell the fresh sent of cologne on your body. You had on some trendy relaxed jeans with a white button up shirt; it was only buttoned through the middle and left opened on top, exposing your hard tight pecks. You knew it was my weakness! I reached up to give you a hug and I could feel your hand wonder down and grab my tight ass as your tongue gently played with mine in my mouth. 

I then brought your ear close to my mouth and whispered gently "I want to fuck you right now!" As I said these words, I could feel your cock rising next to my body. 

I let go of you and can feel my black lace thong panties get a bit wet, knowing what we will be doing later! I head to the kitchen, after having introduced myself with everyone and reach into the fridge and grab a cold beer. As I look back, with my ass in the air, I see you admiring my short skirt and the open of my back. I turn around, hop on the countertop, wrap my legs around your waist and bring you close enough to gently kiss my. You slide your hands down my leg, all the way to my panties. 

When you get to the outside of them, you can feel the warmth and wetness of my pussy. You then grab my neck with your other hand and start kissing me hard, rubbing and pulling my hair back, to expose my chest in the air. You start kissing down my neck, chest and soon get to my hard nipples. You take your hand off my neck and hair, bring it down to my shirt and lightly expose my breast, just far enough to get your mouth around my nipple. You begin to twirl your tongue around my nipple and suck hard. As you are doing this, you can feel my pussy get wetter and wetter. You pull my panties to the side and start to tickle my clit a little bit with your index finger, as I bring you closer to me. Just then someone comes in the kitchen and we suddenly stop and try to adjust our clothes.

I hop off the counter and proceed to the living room, with the thought of your dick in my mouth, as I take gentle sips from my long neck bottle of beer. After a while of drinking beer, I go back into the kitchen and take two shot of tequila and sit back down. As you come over to me, you sit down on the floor and put your head between my legs, so that no one can see my exotic lingerie. I bring my head down to your ear and whisper "I am going to go to the bathroom, you should follow me!" 

With those words said, I precede to the bathroom, close the door, lean over the counter sink, so that my ass is exposed. As you open the door, the first thing you see is my lace underwear down to my ankles, exposing my unclothed ass. You immediately rub your crotch against my ass and start to move your way down to my tight, creamy ass. In doing so, I can feel the gentle embrace of your hands gliding down my legs, as you begin to kneel on your knees. You then bring your hands back up my leg and forcefully open my legs, exposing my perfect pussy. You stare at it, like a kid in a candy store. You then bring your finger and glide it along the slit, opening my lips and start fondling my clit. I begin to quiver as I can feel my pussy getting wetter, with every twirl of your fingers. You can tell that it is teasing me and it turns you on at the same time. 

It feels so good that I pull my plentiful breasts out of my shirt, I begin to rub my fingers on the outside of my quarter sized, pink areola till I barely touch my eraser sized nipples, watching them grow with every touch of my cool fingers. As they my nipples get harder, I begin to bring my whole hand over my tits, but they are so big, that I can only get half my small hands around them, bringing my sensitive nipples through my finger tips. You look up at the mirror for a brief moment to embrace the idea of me playing with myself. You then look down at my dripping wet pussy, getting harder and harder thinking about how exquisite it will taste. You bring your face close to my pussy and blow a gentle breeze on my clit, just enough to make it tingle, making my ass rise in pleasure. Just then I feel your tongue lightly tickle my clit and the outside of my pink warm lips, just teasing me enough to make my body squirm with excitment. 

My body starts to tingle as you embrace every part of my pussy, with your warm, tender tongue. You take my clit between your lips and tenderly suck on it, pulling it out of my lips, licking and sucking. You can feel in your mouth, my dripping wet pussy and can sense my orgasm approaching, as I clench my pussy hard and tremble with pleasure. You know it is coming and start to passionately go more rapidly and harder, knowing how I like it. Just then I shiver and gently moan in ecstasy, I cum with pleasure. 

You then start kissing all the way up my body, nibbling on my butt till you reach my neck. You lightly kiss and suck on my neck; all the while your finger tips are gracing the tip of my firm, eraser nipples. Your hand moves over my shirt, putting my nipples and breasts back into my shirt, whispering that someone needs the bathroom. I lean over to pull my panties up from my ankles; just enough for you too see my naked ass. As I am pulling them up I rub my ass into your crotch, erotically pulling them up, knowing you are getting hard thinking about fucking me from behind. We finally get adjusted and open the bathroom door. It becomes pretty obvious that everyone knew what we were up to, as everyone is whispering and giving the thumbs up to you. 

Some time goes by, while we watch the football game. I start to get horny while I start thinking about how much I want to fuck the shit out of you, till you can't take it any longer. I noticed that you were outside barbequing in the dark and decide to go out there and join you for a little while. The barbeque is situated as a little island, where no one can really tell what you are doing. So I go to where you are barbequing and start kissing you passionately. 

As I am doing so, I reach down into your pants and feel your cock rising and growing in my hands. It is turning me on and making me wet, so wet, that I turn around and lift my skirt up, reach around to your pants, unzipping your zipper and pulling your hard cock out. As I lean over the counter you rub your cock up and down my pussy, teasing me with pleasure. I can't take it anymore! I start wiggling my ass against your hard, soft, perfect cock and I grab it and stick it in my tight wet pussy. It goes in tight at first, but with every thrust, I get wetter and it becomes easier to go deep inside. You grab my hip bones and use them to bring me in harder. It is almost impossible for people not to hear our bodies slapping together, but for some reason no one is coming outside. Even though it is dark, we both know anyone could see us. 

I begin to moan, as I lean up toward your ears and whisper softly "I want you to fuck me harder!" 

I then dig my ass into your hard cock. You bring your hands around, gently tugging on my hair with one hand, as the other hand reaches under my shirt, making its way to my hard breasts. My body starts to tingle with pleasure; I can feel the veins in your dick get harder. I can feel you about to cum, as I am starting to quiver and moan, I say to you "Oh, ah, fuck, you are so good, oh!" 

You then respond to me with "You like that baby, I think I am going to cum, you feel so wet and yummy!" 

My pussy is clenching onto your dick as a spasm of ecstasy takes over me. We both know the best pleasure anyone can endure is approaching and we brace each other as we both finally explode and cum at the same time. You let your dick rest inside of me, while we gain our composure. We both turn our head toward the door and notice that no one noticed us and the only thing we thought to do was just laugh and enjoy the moment. 

After we were all done with eating, I wanted more, but knew I had to leave. I asked you "Will you walk me to my car?" 

"Yes of course I will!" 

As we approached my car, I could only think about how badly I still wanted you and I knew you thought the same. I opened my car door and pulled you close to me and asked you "Will you come home with me, so that we can have round three?" 

To my dismay you replied with "Sorry, baby doll, I have to get up early and I don't want you to be too spoiled!"

I then felt a rush of disappointment and decided to try to entice you in coming with me. I reached for my breasts and pulled them out of my shirt, exposing every inch of my breasts. I pulled them up as far as I could and was able to lick them with my own tongue. You were in shocked and started to become erect with excitement. You then took my seductive breasts in your hands and began massaging them, I pushed your head close to them and put your face in between both breast. I was getting hot and ready to go again, with every lick and kiss you gave them. You were bringing my nipples inside your mouth, biting and sucking on them; knowing it gets me hot and bothered. 

I reach deep in your pants and say "Are you sure you still don't want to go, my twins will be lonely without you?" 

You take a deep breath and reply "I really want to, but I can't!" 

"I hope we can do it again sometime..."very soon!" 

After saying those words, I get into my car and speed away with the image of playing with myself while thinking about fucking you again!