 My parents are the owners of the most active ranch in Montana. When I turned 18 last year, I was given a career on the ranch as the Assistant Manager so that I can run it when they retire. Part of my duties as the Assistant Manager is to run the ranch when my parents are out of town with the help of our ranch hands and contracted employees. Among those contracted employees is the horse keeper, or stable manager if you prefer. They care for all the horses on the ranch and their stables. 

We have the most beautiful land you could ever set your eyes on. Hundreds of green covered hills anywhere you look, and never anyone in sight. We have cattle, horses for the ranch hands, and also rodeo training facilities. It's more than a man could ever bargain for, and it's all mine.

One week, not too long ago, my parents had gone to Texas for the annual Ranch Owners of America convention. They were to be gone for five days, so the ranch was all mine. It was Tuesday, and I was having a good day. Everything had worked out smooth for the day. No problems with the cattle, no rodeo riders scheduled for lessons, and the sun was shining down on this seemingly endless land. It was close to sunset, and the ranch hands had finished their duties for the day and were all in the dining hall waiting on their meals and beers. This meant it was time for my final walkabout for the day, as required by my duties. 

As I left my office in the main house, I caught a glimpse of the Horse Keeper's heavy-duty pickup parked near the stables. I was expecting the normal – our fifty year old, gray-headed Horse Keeper with a beer belly. However, he didn't get out of the truck today – it was a young, athletic built blonde girl about my age. 

She had her blonde hair tied in a ponytail and her cute face was covered with lightly colored freckles. Her body was slender but very sexy, her breasts no more than a B cup. The tight jeans she wore accented the curves of her beautiful ass cheeks, with no panty lines that could be seen. She wore on her feet brown working boots. She was about an inch taller than me, but I didn't care in the least. All in all, she was a hot piece of meat. I knew the man had a daughter, but never would have guessed that I would have the luck of meeting her! I now couldn't wait to get to the stables on my walkabout.

I went around the main part of the ranch in a rushed frenzy, and probably didn't do my job very well. It didn't matter though. Nothing happened, and the day had gone smoothly. Finally, after what seemed an eternity, but was really ten minutes, I arrived at the entrance of the stables. I prepared myself in my mind on my approach…introduction, flirts, etc. What I would find however, I was not prepared for.

This was the time of day that the ranch became still. Everybody was inside having a good time, and usually the only people out this close to sunset are the Horse Keepers. So, it can be understood that one could get away with some things and not be seen nor heard, which I understood completely.

I went through the large wooden door to enter the stable. When you first enter, the line of twenty grand horse stalls, all in front of you, greets you. Past all the stalls, a gate opens out into the pasture. To your left is a tack room where the saddles and bridals are kept. I noticed that all twenty horses were in their proper stall; eating away at the haystacks they had been thrown very recently. I found this odd that all of these horses had been locked in for the night, fed, but the Horse Keeper was nowhere to be seen. That is, until I looked forward, past the stalls. 

I saw on the ground where the hinges of the gate that led to the pasture was, a pile of clothing which looked to be the same clothing I had seen on the beautiful blonde earlier, plus some. On top of a shirt and jeans lay a white cotton bra and a white lace thong. My theory about her underwear was true – the bra looked to be of B cup, and her panties were a thong. But where was she?

Then, I noticed after looking at the clothing that the gate was wide open. I looked forward and saw the best site I had ever laid my eyes upon. There, facing the setting sun and the green hills was the girl, entirely naked from head to toe. I first saw her feet, and then slowly followed her long, silky, tanned legs up to her tight, bare ass. Seeing this golden ass made me spring up so hard that I almost broke the zipper on my tight jeans. After staring and drooling at the ass, I continued my way up her back, then to her long, straight, blonde hair which was now let down out of the ponytail. I wanted to fuck her so much, but I didn't know how she would welcome my unscheduled stop. I was so hard and I hadn't even seen her front yet.

Then, as I was gaining my confidence to talk to her and show her I was there, she lifted both her arms high in the air and seemed to wave them through the breeze, which meant she was enjoying every bit of her nakedness. This action made me feel a little more comfortable, so I decided to walk up to her very slowly, and very quietly.

I made it past all the stalls, and out the gate, in a reaching distance of her golden ass without her noticing. Her arms still remained in the air, exposing the sides of her golden breasts to me. I wanted her so badly now that I felt like putting my arms under hers and just grabbing onto her breasts and fucking her in the ass, but I held back. I didn't even realize that I was still clothed.

It was time to speak, and I didn't know what the outcome of this would be. I bit my lip, closed my eyes, thought, opened my eyes, and said with the most modest tone I could, "you know, I do that sometimes, too. It lets the spirit fly freely." Immediately she jumped a little, as if to be startled. "Oh," she quivered, "I didn't know anyone was there." Then, to my astonishment, she turned around to face me with a grin and said, "I know. It feels so good to just strip naked in the open air away from it all." By this time, I'm sure I had a large bulge in my jeans, but I didn't care. It had gone smoothly, just as my day had. This was going to be good. 

I took a moment to savor the beauty of her front side, first looking at her cute little face, and then slowly down her neck, then shoulders, then her beautiful, small breasts. They were the cutest, like her face. They were golden like her ass, and had light freckles just like her face. They were capped off with the brightest pink nipples, just begging to be sucked. They had hardened like my cock when she was startled. After almost drooling on them, I followed down her torso, her golden, skinny belly, then past her waist and down to a clean-shaven plane of skin, then to the juicy, red lips of her wet clit. I felt weak at the knees and almost went down. I wanted her so badly.

"So do you like what you're staring at?" she responded to my gaze. Trying to remain a gentleman, I looked quickly back up at her face and said, "I wasn't staring at anything." "Don't give me that bullshit," she said, "you know you want me." Then, before I could think of anything to say, she grabbed my shirt and pulled me into her body. I could feel her hard nipples rub against my chest through my shirt, and my hard cock poking at her bare pussy through my jeans. "How can you say you weren't staring at anything while you have that enormous hard-on?" she asked. I blushed, gave in, and said, "just trying to be nice."

Then, she grinned slyly at my response and said, "you know what would be nice?" "What?" I responded shyly. Then, she put her arms over my shoulders and grabbed the back of my neck with her hands and pulled my head towards hers and whispered, "If you fucked me." Now my cock was about to grow hands and unzip its way out because it was so hard. Part of me tried to resist at first, trying to pull away from her grip. But, I couldn't resist and gave in and said, "really? That would be nice. What exactly did you have in mind?"

She laughed with an evil type of laugh and said, "everything!" At that moment, I tossed my hat off into one of the horse stalls and started unbuttoning my shirt. She seemed anxious to fuck me, and I was slow at removing my ten-button shirt. She couldn't resist her temptation any longer and lunged at me, grabbing the seams of my shirt and ripping it off. Luckily, none of the buttons came off. 

When my shirt broke free and fell to the ground, she moved her hands to my chest and started rubbing my nipples with her palms. She then pressed her chest against mine and her soft breasts rubbed all over my chest, her nipples as hard as my cock. She brought her lips to my lips and we kissed a series of sensational kisses, with a very erotic feel. Then her temptation took over again. 

Starting at my lips, she began licking me in a wild fashion, soaking every part of my mouth and chin in her saliva. She progressed slowly down my neck, alternating between nibbles and licks. Then, she followed down to my chest, kissing and licking. She then put her warm, moist mouth on my right nipple and began to suck it like it was a tiny cock. My nipples became as hard as hers as she moved to my left nipple, giving it the same treatment. Then, as she had finished lubricating my left nipple with warm spit, she began to look down at the huge bulge in my jeans. 

She looked up at me, smiled an evil grin, and looked back down at my bulge. She couldn't resist! She had to have my cock! She moved her arms down the sides of my body and into my belt buckle, which she did not hesitate to unfasten. After she pulled my belt out of its loops, she grabbed my crotch with her left hand. She began to rub up and down uncontrollably. Finally, she reached back up and unbuttoned my jeans. Then, she reached for my zipper and unzipped my jeans as fast as she could. 

This brought my jeans to my ankles and left my cotton boxers exposed with an even larger bulge. She reached up the right leg of my boxers, following my inner leg all the way to my balls. She massaged them for a while, and then moved up to my rock-hard cock. She began to stroke me immediately as hard and fast as she could. It was so fast and so exhilarating that I felt weak at the knees again and slowly backed into the stall behind me so that I could lean against it. 

I managed to pull my legs out of my boots and jeans at my ankles and kicked them aside as she kept stroking me at the same wild speed. I was ready to come, and she could tell. She wasn't about to let me come in my boxers, so she stopped stroking me and pulled my boxers down. As the waistband passed my cock, it sprung freely forward at her face. She looked impressed at my size and got even more excited. I quickly pulled my boxers the rest of the way off and kicked them aside as well.

After inspecting my cock with her eyes, she put her warm mouth on the head and began to alternate sucking and licking. I was dizzy and about to come, and she could tell. She took her right hand and began pumping the shaft as hard as she had before, this time with the added pleasure of the head being lubricated with her tongue. She seemed to suck and pump in sync. 

Then, feeling the high pressure in my cock foretelling my explosion, She removed her hand from the shaft and began to take my cock deeper into her mouth. Her cute freckled face met up with my curly pubic hair, and then backed away to the tip of my cock again. This motion became faster as she sucked harder and produced more saliva all over my cock, making it warm, wet, sensational, and easy to suck for her. I began moving my hips with her sucking motions and was ready to explode.

I felt myself orgasm, but instantly blacked out for a few seconds because it was so great. I'm not sure if I moaned or what, but when I came to, I was still standing and she had the head of my cock at rest in her mouth, pumping at the shaft to get all of the come out of it. I knew that it must have been a lot due to the fact that I blacked out and that after she removed her mouth and hand from my now limp cock, she had her lips closed to hold it all in. Some was protruding out the crack of her lips. 

Then, she stood up for me to see her face, and then I saw her tilt her head back and take one large gulp down her throat as my breathing returned to normal. Then, with a little of myself still on her lips, she moved in and kissed me. Her tongue met my tongue and I could taste what I had given her. After this sticky kiss, the sun was showing its last light of the day, so she grabbed my cock like it was a leash and led me into the warm tack room. She turned on the light and locked the door behind us. 

I was so weak and so adrenaline-pumped that I needed to sit, so I sat on the floor. Then, she sat down in front of me, looked me in the eyes and said, "You taste so good. Do you want to taste me?" Immediately following what she said, she laid down on her back, her body entirely parallel with the floor. Then, she put her legs on my shoulders, exposing her open, juicy pussy to me. I didn't even bother to answer the question, as she already knew what the answer was just by watching me drool over the sight of her tight clit.

I obediently followed her legs to her open door and began to rub it gently with one of my fingers. She went from looking at me to just looking upwards as if she enjoyed it immensely. Then, as the juices began to flow even more, I stuck my now wet finger into her clit. It even seemed to be tight with just the one finger. It was so juicy, so wet; that I began to pump her pussy with my finger, in and out, just like it was a cock. Speaking of my cock, I had noticed that it had recovered fine because I was already halfway hard again. 

As I continued this pumping stimulation, she began to moan a little. I noticed that her eyes were closed as she enjoyed it like it was a day on the beach. I took this moan as a welcome invitation to experiment further, so I stuck my middle finger in as well. Her clit was very tight around the two fingers, and I began to finger her insides like I was tickling them. She twitched a little at this motion, but also started moving her hips in sync to the movement of my fingers. Her moaning became a little louder, as well.

After a few minutes of this mild pleasing, my cock was hard again and I wanted a taste of that snatch. I kept my fingers in with the same motion, then moved my body around so that I could get my tongue on her vertical smile. I ended up flat on my stomach, my cock stuffed between my body and the cold, wood floor, but I didn't care. As my fingers kept moving, she kept moaning, and my tongue finally began to run up and down the folds of her pussy. She began to moan my name in excitement, and her breathing rate had increased rapidly.

After getting a good taste of her sweet, fragrant juices, I pulled my fingers out and put my hand under my body and began to stroke my cock. I pushed my tongue into her wet pussy with ease, my saliva mixing with her fluids. I moved my tongue all over the place in her, and after a few minutes was screaming my name and yelling, "I'm going to come! Oh yeah, I'm gonna come!" Her body was tense and her clit wrapped tensely in pleasure around my tongue. She moved her hips with the motion of my tongue, and I could taste all of her juices flowing around it. 

Then, she let out a loud scream and her come flowed all over my tongue, then out her opening into my mouth. Loads of it flowed into my mouth and I soon couldn't hold anymore. I pulled my tongue out and my mouth away, still filled with her hot come. I quickly replaced my tongue with a finger from my cock and fingered her rapidly, causing her to scream even more, dispensing even more come. It continued to flood my hand and then onto the floor. Finally, after about two full minutes, her breathing returned to normal and the come stopped flowing.

With my mouth still full of her woman juice, I moved my head up to show her as I swallowed her load. Then, with a lot of it left on my lips, I put my body over hers and began to lick her breasts all over. My cock was rock-hard once again and she could feel it tapping against the inner part of her leg. As I kept licking her breasts, she reached for my cock and began to stroke it slowly. After her breasts could hold no more saliva, I knew it was time for fucking.

I sat back up off of her chest and smiled as she guided my cock into her pussy. She was still wet and sticky from her orgasm earlier and had no problem lubricating my cock on her pussy lips, along with my pre come. It slid in with ease, even as tight as she was. I went in as deep as I could and noticed her face. She looked as if she was being tickled from the inside. 

I backed out slowly until only the folds of her clit covered my tip, and then slowly back in again. I continued this slow motion for a few minutes, which pleasured both of us. She had begun to moan again, and I could feel my cock was as wet as could be. I began to pump her harder and faster, which she moaned to as if in pain. It wasn't too long before she had started screaming my name again, and moaning sentences of extreme pleasure. I felt like I was going to explode again, but couldn't I last a little longer? 

I was now pumping her as fast as I could guide my cock in and out and she was helping in sync with her hips. Sweat was pouring out both of our bodies, and both of us were moaning the other's name. Then, my cock tensed up and I was ready to cream another load. However, she was too. 

She could feel that I was about to burst, and I also knew she was about to as well. She smiled at me in-between her moans and said, "Come in my pussy!" Then, she shot a loud yell at the top of her lungs in extreme pleasure, and I had to do it. After hearing her roar of pleasure, I couldn't hold on any longer. I filled her up with my man juices, and as my fluids flowed from my cock to her hole, I felt it get warmer and juicer. She was coming while I was. 

This made my orgasm even more intense, and after nearly thirty seconds of shooting my stream of come into her, I was dry, but I felt come still flowing, for she was still coming, screaming painful screams at the top of her lungs. Finally, after I had gone completely limp, I felt her stop flowing and her breathing returned to normal. 

I began to pull my cock out, but she grabbed my wrist and whispered, "Leave it in." So, both of us exhausted, sweating profusely, I laid down on her body, nipples pressed against nipples and my cock still in her warm vagina. I began kissing her succulent lips as we both drifted into a resting state. After a few minutes of this, she reached down, pulled my cock out of her, and stood up. I followed her motion and stood up as well. Then, she shut the light off, opened the door, grabbed my cock leash again, and led me back into the pasture, which was now smothered by a romantic moonlight. 

She let go of my limp and sore cock and laid down on the green, soft, grassy ground. I lay down next to her and we just stared at the stars for a while, talking as if we were just friends around a campfire. After what seemed another eternity, she looked over at my limp cock and said, "Does it hurt?" I looked at her in the eyes and told her, "Yeah, but no more than masturbation." 

She began to giggle at my answer, then, seeming to get an idea, her eyes lit up like fire. "Like masturbation, eh?" she asked curiously. Then, she crawled on her knees and repositioned herself in front of my body, her face right next to my cock. She now lie on her stomach. Thinking about the question she had asked me got me curious as well, and my cock went from limp to half hard. 

All of a sudden, she asked, "You mean, like this?" Then she began stroking my cock again, but in a slow, deep pattern. I just smiled as my cock became a stone again and said, "Yep. Just like that." She continued stroking me in the same, long, slow pattern for about five minutes when, although sore, I became ready to squirt another load. She saw my cock tense up to prepare for launch, so she kept stroking as she adjusted herself so that her chest hovered over my cock.
