 In my early twenties, I was working at one of those quirky, sports-themed, chain restaurants. I was a cook and I had been there a little over 2 years when she came into my life. Her name was Toni and she was one of the new college girls that we had hired for the summer. 

She instantly became the topic of conversation among all the other cooks, the busboys, the dishwashers, and the waiters. All of the girls that we hired that summer were pretty cool and liked to party but Toni was the best looking girl with the best body that I had ever seen. She was the hostess and because of that she didn’t have to wear the required uniform, but she was expected to look nice. With the body that Toni had, she could make a t-shirt and jeans look nice, but the dresses and skirts that she wore hugged every single, beautiful curve on her body. They were borderline inappropriate. My favorite was a pink dress that flared out over her hips perfectly and it was so tight across her ass that you would be able to see panty-lines if there were any.

Toni was a 19-year-old sophomore at the local college. She was 5’ 7”, maybe 115 lbs and had shoulder length, curly blond hair and had big, blue eyes. She appeared to untouchable, you know, one of those girls that just had to have a boyfriend and if she didn’t then there was no way any of us would get the time of day.

Since most of the night staff was younger, 18-24 years old, it was typical for us to get together at someone’s apartment after a weekend shift. This Saturday’s party was planned for my buddy Joe’s place. It was a dump, but had a huge basement that was perfect for parties. Joe’s 3 roommates all worked at other restaurants so there was usually a pretty good crowd at their parties.

About an hour after I got to work that day Joe came around the corner with the biggest shit-eating grin on his face.

“What’s with you?” I asked him.

“I asked Toni to come to the party” he replied.

“And?”

“Not only is she coming, she seemed to be excited just to be invited and she is bringing her roommates”.

He could hardly contain his excitement. Who could blame him?

Well, word spread pretty fast that Toni was coming to the party and it sounded like it was going to be quite a crowd.

I got off work early, went home and showered, picked up another buddy and hightailed it over to Joe’s place. The party was already going strong and they were already on their 2nd keg. We grabbed a couple of beers and mingled and visited with our friends.

I noticed a few guys in the corner all turn their heads to the bottom of the stairs and I followed their gaze. There she was and she had brought her 3 roommates. They were all good looking too. There was another blond (shorter and a little “bigger”…with huge tits), a brunette, and a longhaired, stunning Asian American. They were all dressed similar, short shorts and tight shirts, almost like they belonged in a club and not in some dark basement keg party. Immediately a “herd” of guys from all over the room and all walks of life surrounded them.

About an hour later I was refilling at the keg and started some small talk with the brunette. Her name was Kim and it seemed like we had just “hit it off” right away when we were interrupted by Toni.

“Hey Kim, you aren’t trying to steal my guy are you?” Toni asked.

Her guy? If memory served me right, she had barely spoken to me.

“Who Eddie? No, we were just getting to know each other. You guys work together?” The last question was aimed at me.

“Uh, yeah, that’s right.” I replied kind of tongue-tied.

The three of us engaged in a general bull session about some movie or some other topic that I can’t remember. Kim excused herself to find the restroom.

“I like your tattoo.” Toni said to me as she touched it on my left bicep. “It’s bigger than mine.” She added.

“You have a tattoo?” I asked.

“Yeah, it’s a heart.”

“Let’s see it.” I said as I scanned her visible body parts.

“I don’t think so,” she laughed. “It’s in a very private area”

My mind was racing, “So what” I said, “you’ve seen mine.”

She stared at me while she was thinking about the situation. “OK, but we have to find some place private.”

I wasted no time and grabbed her by the hand leading her upstairs. My first thought was the bathroom, but then time would be limited. Wait a minute; it dawned on me, JOE’S room. We made our way through the crowd, around the corner and then ducked into his room.

“OK, I’ll show you the heart, but you have to promise me that you won’t tell anyone about this” she said as she turned and locked the door.

“I promise” was my reply. She leaned back against the wall. Time seemed drag as she very slowly unbuttoned her shorts, unzipped them and pulled the right hand side down. There it was, a beautiful, red heart about the size of my thumbnail and about 2 inches to the side of the ultimate prize. I kneeled down for closer look.

“What do you think you’re doing?” she barely whispered.

“Just getting a better view.” I said.

I couldn’t believe my luck and quickly realized that I would never get a better opportunity so I leaned in real close and put my mouth right over the heart. Lightly grabbing the back of her perfect thighs, I began to suck on the heart, lick it and kiss it. Not getting any resistance made me bolder. I slid my hands up the back of her legs, grabbed the bottom hem of her shorts and pulled them down. Surprise, no underwear! Her stepping out of her shorts was my signal to proceed. I wasted no time in burying my face into her trimmed-up blond fur. She was already wet by the time my tongue easily pushed between her lips. I moved it back and forth, side to side, pushing it just barely inside and then tracing along the outside. She was breathing deeply when she grabbed the back of my head and pushed her pussy into my face. Although she was still leaning against the wall she was now setting the pace by moving her hips up and down on my face and tongue.

“I’m getting close, suck on my clit!” she hissed at me.

I did the best I could with my now limited mobility.

“Oh, oh, oh, oh, I’m gonna cummmmmm.” She was trying to be quiet but it wasn’t quite working. “Oh, yesssssssssss, that’s it right there, don’t stop, don’t stop!” The next noise was barely audible, “Unnnnnnnnnnnnnnnngh”

She pulled my face away from her, looked me right in the eye and said “You can’t fuck me if you don’t have a rubber.”

I grinned at her through my pussy juice stained face and showed her my condom.

“Put it on, NOW!” She told me sternly.

I undid my shorts, kicked them off and had that thing on in record time. Meanwhile she had taken off her shirt, turned around, bent over at the waist and rested her elbows on Joe’s desk.

“C’mon, hurry up and stick that dick inside me.” She ordered.

I wasted no time in getting behind her and my dick slid right into her tight, wet hole.

“Ooooooooooooh yeah that’s it, now FUCK ME hard” is all she said.

With my hands on her hips, I got into a steady rhythm. I alternated between watching my cock sliding in and out of her pussy and staring at her awesome body.

Once again I couldn’t believe my luck and I was so caught up in my own enjoyment that I didn’t notice that she had chosen this very spot for a reason. About five feet away and against the wall was a mirror. She was watching me fuck her in the mirror! Also, I noticed that she was playing with her nipples! Unbelievable! That sight, combined with everything else in this perfect evening, was enough to push me over the edge.

“I’m gonna cum!” I told her breathlessly.

“Do it! Do it now! I want you to cum!” she urged me on.

I couldn’t hold out any longer and it felt great. I exploded and it felt like I would never stop.

I was in the process of very carefully removing the condom when I noticed her using my boxers to wipe up all of her juice and cum from her crotch. At this point I didn’t care. She was dressed before I knew it and heading for the door.

“Oh, there’s one more thing.” She said.

I looked at her dumbfounded.

“I have a boyfriend, so if you tell a single person about what happened here, it will never happen again.”

I just nodded at her. She turned and left.

I am dying to tell my friends but it just isn’t worth risking one more chance at fucking that goddess!