 I've been thinking about last night's conversation ALL DAY LONG! Damn! I'll tell you right now that I can't even wait to see you! To feel you! I know I've said it over and over and over again. It's just that everything you said to me got me so HOT! The soft, breathy words, sounds and moans...I'm WET just thinking about you. I was totally giddy after I got off the phone with you. Tell me again exactly how you're going to eat my HOT, WET pussy. Tease me. Make me squirm with anticipation. I'll be SO WET, like I am right now. Wanting YOU!

The thought of your hard cock, slipping DEEP into my wet pussy makes me so HOT. I've been thinking about how I'm going to take care of YOU. 

I'm going to have you stand in front of me, fully clothed. We kiss, passionately. It's not easy to stop kissing you but I want to suck your cock. I HAVE TO HAVE IT! I kiss your neck and suck on it a little. Not enough to leave a mark, just enough to let you know what you're in for. I kiss your soft lips again while I unbutton the top few buttons of your shirt. A few more buttons now, I kiss and lick your neck again. Now I'm kissing your chest and sucking on your nipples. You moan. I think you like it. I kiss lower now. I undo the last few buttons of your shirt and kiss your stomach. Lick your belly button. I'm licking the edge of the waistband of your shorts. You're still standing up so I slowly slip my hand up the back of your leg, up your shorts and grab your bare ass. It's time to get busy. I SO want your cock in my mouth. Mmmmmm... I unbutton, unzip and let your shorts fall slowly to the floor. I want you to completely enjoy this so I let you lie down on the bed with a big pillow under your head so you can comfortably watch while... 

I hold your cock gently in my hands. I lick your head so it shines with slippery wetness. I tease you a bit by lightly licking here and kissing there, sucking here and tasting there. You are SO hard now. I grip the base of your cock with one hand, and cup your smooth sack with the other while I take your cock in my HOT mouth. Just a little at first. You moan with pleasure. I slurp on you getting your cock totally wet. I grip a little harder now. You LOVE it. Now I'm ready to take you down my throat. Mmmmm... slowly I bob on your cock, a little at a time until I've worked you all the way down my throat... all the while slowly moving my tongue along the under side. 

I continue SLOWLY bobbing up and down, stopping momentarily to give your head a good suck! I am so WET now, so ready to sit on your throbbing cock, but I love the way that YOU love what I'm doing to you. I'm almost in a frenzy now, sucking, slurping, licking, kissing you. You don't want to cum yet so you stop me. You pull me to you and hold my face in your hands. You kiss me with such passion I think I'm going to cum right now. You stop kissing me and undress me. Kissing every newly exposed area of my body. I'm already quivering with desire. You concentrate on my nipples, licking, sucking gently biting one then the other. It's almost too much to handle. You kiss and lick your way down my stomach to my simple white panties. You tell me how sexy I am as I feel your HOT breath on my pussy through the thin material of my panties. I try to spread my legs but you won't let me. You want to tease me some more. I can't stand it. I grab you by the hair and pull your face to my pussy. 

I ask, "Please?" You smile and take a quick lick on the outside of my panties before you tear them off. Your mouth waters as you come closer to me. My legs are spread wide, waiting for you to taste me. You ask me if I want you. I laugh and tell you to "GET BUSY!" My pussy is so wet it glistens. The first touch of your fat, wet tongue takes my breath away. I literally have to concentrate on my breathing to make sure that I am in fact breathing. Your mouth feels so incredible. I'm going to cum right now!! I have an insane orgasm almost immediately. You just keep on licking. You tell me how tasty I am and I tell you, "Well, come up here and let me see for myself!" You kiss me and I can taste myself on your tongue. You are right! I do taste good...

...To Be Continued if you're interested in the Main Course 