 Kobi was a struggling artist. All she wanted to do was get her art shown at a gallery, but not many people were interested in showing art that was an eclectic fusion of her Chinese and Japanese backgrounds. 

Lucky for her, she had a good paying job as a hostess at an up and coming fancy restaurant in the heart of the city. The job was almost perfect. It was nearby. It had flexible hours that allowed her to continue to work on her art and it paid very well for the hours she put in. The only problem was the owner. At first, he was polite. He hired her despite not having any previous experience. He said he liked her exotic looks and she had a friendly smile and personality to match her beautiful looks. But she was often late. She never meant to be, but when she started painting, she would simply lose track of time. 

One very important night, she was working on another piece she hoped would be the one for her. As she glanced up at the clock, she realized she was supposed to be at work in ten minutes. She hastily took a shower and threw on her favorite black cocktail dress and matching open toed heels and ran out the door. She was in such a rush that she didn't even have time to put on a bra or panties. 

As she walked into the restaurant trying to conceal the fact that she was late again, she knew she was trouble. The place was a madhouse. There were disgruntled customers complaining about their reservations and others upset about being passed over for open tables. 

As the owner spotted Kobi, he yelled out, "It's about damn time." 

Kobi rushed over repeated, "I'm sorry," in hopes she would not get fired. 

The owner simply responded, "Just get things situated here and I will talk to you later." 

Kobi thought this would be her last night for sure. As she started attending to several of the unhappy customers, she came across a very upset man. Apparently, this was no ordinary man. He was a renowned food critic making a surprise visit. Things were already not off to a good start as his reservation was for over an hour ago. On top of that, someone had spilled a drink on him while he was sitting and waiting at the bar. 

After Kobi apologized and told him he would be seated right away, she ran and found the owner. This was the last thing the owner needed tonight, and it took all his self-control not to lose it right there in the middle of the restaurant. He demanded that Kobi get the food critic seated right away in the private VIP area in the back and that she personally tend to his every need. He made sure to emphasize that this review could make or break the restaurant. 

Kobi politely escorted the food critic to his seat in the VIP section. 

She said with her biggest smile, "Just ask if you need anything to make your meal more enjoyable." 

He simply responded, "The food better be incredible." 

Kobi checked in as frequently as she could throughout the course of the meal, but it was not going well. The server had confused his order. When the food finally arrived, he complained that it wasn't cooked properly. After he pushed aside the remainder of his entrée, Kobi asked if he would like to see the desert menu. 

He replied with a sharp, "I don't want anything else. The food was sub-par. The service, slow and rude. If I were the owner I wouldn't want to read the review tomorrow." 

Kobi was distraught. She knew her job was lost now. If she wasn't fired already, this review would single-handedly kill business and she would be out of a job either way. As she exited the VIP section and was about to approach her boss with the bad news, she decided maybe there was something more she could do. 

As she re-entered the VIP room, she made sure to close the curtains behind her. As she reached the food critic, she slowly bent down just enough so that the food critic could see down her dress. 

With her sexiest voice, she asked him, "Are you sure you don't want desert?" 

He didn't even bother to look up and rejected the offer with a rude, "No." 

Kobi realized he had to get his attention, so she then sat down next to him in the booth and leaned in close. 

She whispered into his ear, "I highly recommend the special. It's a Chinese and Japanese dish. Made just for you." Then she slowly ran her hands up and down his thigh. 

The food critic looked up in surprise at first. It took him a second to realize the opportunity at hand. He looked straight at her exposed cleavage and replied, "Does the desert come with all the fixings?" 

Kobi smiled and replied, "It comes with everything." 

The food critic wiped the sweat off his brow as Kobi continued to caress his thigh. She felt his manhood start to rise in his pants and placed her hand over it. 

She asked again, "So would you like to try a piece?" 

The food critic slid his hand up her thigh as he asked, "Well, the desert does sound mouth-watering. I hope it will make me cum back for more." 

She opened her legs just enough to allow his fingers to touch her wet pussy and whispered, "This desert will make you want to cum again and again." 

She moaned as his fingers tickled her clit. She was getting so wet as he inserted his middle finger inside of her. He leaned in and gave her a kiss on the lips and managed to slip his tongue inside her mouth. While he worked a second finger inside her juicy pussy, his other hand removed the straps from her dress and pulled the top of her dress down below to her waist exposing her breasts. They were perky and nice. He kissed his way down her neck to her breasts, until he engulfed her entire nipple into his mouth. He licked and sucked on her nipple like he was breast-feeding all over again. 

Kobi leaned back against the booth. She loved getting her nipples suck and licked. She moaned and arched her back, as he sucked away while still fingering her pussy. He then lifted up her leg over his shoulder as he headed in to taste her sweet juices. He licked her clit with such passion and fury that she almost fell off the booth. Kobi found herself laid out flat on her back, with her heel covered feet flailing in the air, and her head falling off the edge of the seat. As he inserted a finger inside of her while continuing to lick her clit, she laughed out: "I told you it would be mouth-watering." 

Her whole body began to tremble, as he licked and inserted his finger inside her in a rhythmic motion. Kobi closed her eyes and held onto the table as she came all over his tongue and finger. 

As she sat up, she was so turned on that she jumped into his arms and kissed him, tasting all her juices on his tongue and mouth. She removed his belt and pulled down his pants and boxers to reveal his "critiquing utensil." She dove in and took his whole cock into her mouth. She then slowly let each inch appear out of her mouth as if it was a magic trick. She continued to suck and lick every inch of it, making sure the balls were nice and wet too. The food critic used one hand to hold up her shoulder length hair, so that he could get the full view of her making his cock disappear and reappear in her mouth. With his other hand, he squeezed her nipples as she stared into his eyes while licking and teasing the head. The food critic could feel his balls swelling with cum. So, he motioned Kobi to stop. He looked at her gorgeous face and moaned, "I'm ready for the second portion of desert." 

With that, Kobi got up and jumped on top of him. Her dress bunched up around her waist. She eased her way down his cock as he entered inside her. After fitting the whole thing in, she held onto the back of the booth and started bouncing up and down. The sound of her behind hitting his thighs so fast and loudly almost drowned out her moans of pleasure. He held on to her waist and sucked on her nipples as she pounced away harder and faster until she climaxed again all over his cock. Not wasting a second, she stood up and spun around. She eased her way down on his lap again as she held onto the table for leverage. She began bouncing up and down even harder, determined to make him cum. The food critic moaned and screamed with sensation. He held onto her behind as he could only see his manhood disappearing inside of her. Kobi planted her heels into the floor and used the table to put all her weight into fucking his cock. She wanted to make him explode now. 

But the food critic had other ideas. He lifted her up and bent her over. Kobi found herself standing, bent over the table as the food critic began slamming into her from behind. He pounded and pounded away. The juices slid down her thigh with each thrust as Kobi screamed with ecstasy. He continued to ram every inch into her while sweat dripped off his forehead onto her back. Again he started to feel his balls fill up. 

He screamed, "I'm going to cum," as he continued to pound away harder and faster. 

Kobi screamed back, "Yes, baby. Cum for me." 

But again, the food critic had other ideas. After one final thrust where he gave her every inch he had and made sure his balls touched her clit, he took out his cock from her soaking wet pussy and quickly threw off the cover. He raced around to the other side of the table and hovered over Kobi's face. He closed his eyes and yelped "Uhh.....uhhhh," as all the cum in his body splat into Kobi's open mouth. Kobi swallowed every drop and licked her lips, as the food critic collapsed on the floor. 

"So how did you enjoy your desert?" she laughed. 

The next day, the review was published and it was excellent. The food critic particularly noted the outstanding service given by the hostess. The owner was so excited by the great job Kobi did that he gave her a raise. He said to her, "I don't know what you did, but keep it up." 

Kobi replied, "I just let him have some of our special desert." 

The owner still happy over the increase in business, joked, "Well, I'll have to try some of that desert sometime." 

To which Kobi just winked and laughed, "We'll see what happens the next time I'm in danger of losing my job."