 Since Greta and I had experienced our second encounter, and our first at her house, we had carried on for some six months. I was staying worn out and expected us to be caught at every encounter. She was my wife's sister, and there were numerous family contacts. There was also the danger that her husband might become aware of the affair. Yet, six months had passed without a hitch.

After one of our exhausting encounters, Greta said, "You know what we should do? I'm going to be alone for the next two weeks, and you should find some excuse to get away for a few nights. We should go off to some romantic site and really enjoy ourselves." I looked at her sitting there with her legs crossed as she sat on the bed. Her breasts were fully exposed, her long, blonde hair was framing the outside of her breasts with the nipples fully exposed. I looked down lower and saw her short cropped hair, decorating her sweet pussy rather than hiding it. She like the cleanliness of a close cut, and I liked the image of an outline of pubic hair. I also loved the fact that her pubic hair was blonde. 

She saw me looking and uncrossed her legs, spreading them and putting her right ankle onto my left shoulder as she leaned back onto her palms. Now with her vagina fully exposed, she asked, "Wouldn't you like to spend a couple of nights with all of this?" She had become exceedingly bold and exceedingly demanding, always seeking greater adventure and greater risk.

"What do you have in mind," I asked.

She toyed with her blonde tresses, twirling them on the left side of her head with the fingers of her left hand. She lay back on the bed with her legs still spread and with traces of my sperm now collecting at the opening of her moist pussy. "I have some things in mind," she purred with that wicked smile on her lips.

"And what kind of things," I asked. I had reached a point where I often had to check her to keep her from getting too wild.

"Okay, I know that you don't like the idea of another man fucking me, not even that idiot husband of mine." But what if I wanted to go down on another man while you fucked me doggie style?"

The question shocked me. She knew that I was jealous of her and that I didn't like the idea of her ever being with another man. I accepted the fact that she and her husband occasionally still had intercourse, but I knew from the hunger she had when we were together, that our relationship was different.

"I have it all planned out. We'll be way out of town. It'll be a total stranger, someone neither of us will ever see again. We won't even know each other's names. It'll just be a fantasy of mine that we'll do one time, and then that 'll be it. If you'll do this for me, you can do anything you want."

"I think I just did," I replied. Didn't you notice that you're freshly screwed and draining?" Greta laughed heartily.

"Yes, silly. I did notice that. Maybe you noticed me out of breath three different times when I came, twice while you played with me and once while you were inside me."

In spite of my reluctance, I agreed to the trip but warned that I might not be comfortable with the arrangement. She feigned a women's spa weekend, and I had another of my business meetings, or at least those were the cover stories we came up with. With the excuse that the ladies were renting a van, Greta left her car at home, and we left in my Cadillac.

As we traveled northward, Greta's perfume became intoxicating. I began to rub her leg just below her shorts. She looked great in tight shorts, but these were looser fitting, and I soon found myself very pleased with that fact. As I rubbed her leg, my hand slipped up inside her shorts. I felt her tiny thong panties and soon maneuvered my fingers inside and was rubbing her gently but rhythmically. Suddenly a wicked smile crossed her face, and her eyes lit up. "Why should you have all the fun?"

She deftly undid her shorts and removed both the shorts and the pink and blue panties. We were riding up the freeway with the bottom half of her body completely naked. Soon we found ourselves slowly passing a transfer truck. As we did so, the trucker honked his horn, and Greta waved at him. I slowed my speed to give him a longer look. When I did Greta spread her legs farther and raised her left leg, putting her left foot onto the dash. I moved my hand slowly from her dripping pussy to her knee giving the driver full view of her pussy, blonde hair and all. She reached down and spread her labia. Then she looked over at me and said, "Find me another trucker."

We repeated the activity several times until we reached a point where we pulled off the expressway. We soon found ourselves at the motel where she had made reservations. I unlocked the door, and we entered the room with only a few items. When I returned from the car with the remainder of our things, I found Greta walking around the room naked to the sound of music and a giant Jaccuzzi filling with water. "Hey girl! Somebody could see you," I joked.

"Hope so," she replied.

That night we made love in the Jaccuzzi and then dressed to go out for dinner. Greta somehow squeezed her German breasts into a knit top that was way too tight and way too sheer. The areolas and nipples showed easily. The material was not transparent, but it left nothing to the imagination. Then she grabbed an incredibly short skirt. It wasn't skin tight but had just enough drape to it to become hypnotic with the movement of her hips as she walked. She secured the skirt without benefit of panties.

At dinner, she would slip off one of her shoes and reach across to me under the table. I kept an erection through the entire meal. Greta, on the other hand, kept slipping out of her seat to go to the restroom. Each time, she would spread her legs slightly and let the skirt slide up, either giving a great show to anyone directly in front of her or—on occasion—exposing her entire pussy for a brief moment. Her antics were driving me crazy with desire and were fueling her passion beyond what I could imagine. 

When we got back to the room, I secured the door and turned around to find Greta's face directly in front of mine, only an inch or two separating us. "Fuck the hell out of me," she ordered. I was so hot with passion that I kissed her deeply, allowing my tongue to play inside her mouth as my hands grabbed both sides of her ass. As I pulled her upward, she raised her feet off the floor and wrapped her long legs around me. I walked her to the bed and threw her onto it almost violently. Her skirt came to rest slightly above her pussy. 

I plunged my head between her thighs and began to lick her as I began to remove my clothes. Before I could even get undressed, she began to toss her head left and right. Suddenly, she grabbed my head and proclaimed, "Oh, shit!" 

I stood up and finished undressing. I looked down at Greta still breathing hard and with that little flush of color that she has when she climaxes. I said, "Don't think you're getting off that easy." Then I went down on her again, going more slowly this time. In less than a minute, her hips were moving upward in rhythm in response to my tongue. This time, there was a sudden explosion insider her as she cried out, "Damn!"

However, I didn't stop. I kept licking her and slipped my finger inside her to stimulate her clit. "Oh, God," she cried. I can't take any more." I ignored her statement. She then began to thrash about on the bed, her arms flailing, one moment fists pounding the bed, the next her hands grabbing onto the covers. Then there were three or four rapid sounds something like an oh or an uh. Then she screamed and without stopping for breath turned the scream intoa breathless pant, "Goddamnmotherfuckingshit." Then she inhaled and said, "What the hell did you just do to me?"

"I got you ready for this." Then without any hesitation, I rammed my dick into her as hard and as deep as I possibly could. 

Her eyes and mouth both flew open wide. She raised her legs into the air and pointed her feet toward the ceiling as she began to half shout, "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me." She had already had three intensive climaxes, and I wasted no time in getting mine. For the second time that night, I exploded inside her and rolled off her with us both panting for breath. We were so drained both physically and emotionally, that neither spoke or moved for at least three minutes. 

I rolled over on top of Greta to kiss her, and she said, "You better not touch me again, you son of a bitch. I think you just ruined that thing." Somehow, those words excited me, and I suddenly felt myself getting aroused again. I rammed myself into her again, and again she pointed her feet toward the ceiling. When I finished that time, I grabbed her a towel to drain on, we went into a cuddling position, and both fell asleep as my juices continued to drain out of her in her sleep.

The next morning, Greta had trouble sitting on anything that wasn't well padded. Every time she winced, I snickered. After breakfast, we took the next page in Greta's plan. She had decided that we should visit a nudist facility. 

It was almost like a luxury resort, with multiple pools, a very nice restaurant and lounge, various recreational activities, and even a massage service where one person or a couple could get a nude massage by a nude masseuse. There were some 40 to 50 people at the facility, all as naked as we were, and all being very respectful. Although Greta enjoyed being naughtily nude, there was no inappropriate conversation or interaction. She seemed a little disappointed. After a few hours we left and went for a drive along the lake.

That night we went to dinner and went dancing afterward. Again, Greta was employing a very revealing attire. Her dress showed so much cleavage that I was afraid she would have one of her braless breasts slip out. The dress draped in such a way that her long legs were fully revealed, and some of her dance moves showed perhaps a bit more. Her moves themselves were more suggestive that anything I had ever seen her do before.

After about an hour, Greta advised me, "Now we have a new destination." We left, and I followed the directions she gave using the GPS. After about half an hour, we pulled up to a rather nondescript building. As we got to the door, it was obvious that it was some type of club. We had to show our ID and pay a rather large cover charge. Once inside, we went to the bar and seated ourselves. Several couples came by an complimented us. Finally, one couple came over and Greta turned to them and talked, with the music, I couldn't hear what was being said. Greta then said, "Come on, lover," and led me away to the back of the club with the other couple.

We paid another fee and were led to a room with a mattress on the floor with clean sheets. Greta said, "This nice couple is going to put on a show for us, but we have to get naked." I figured what the hell, so the four of us stripped down. I reminded Greta that I didn't want any other man having sex with her. She assured me that nothing would happen without me approving it in advance.

Greta and I lay down with her in front of me. We watched while the other couple began to engage in foreplay. They each performed oral sex on each other, and finally, she mounted her partner. We were positioned in such a way that we could see the entire length of his shaft slip into her, and we could see as her vaginal lips clung to his penis as she lifted herself upward after each thrust.

Then they changed positions and began to have sex doggie style. The female was another blonde, slightly shorter than Greta and not quite as trim but still close enough to a perfect 10 that every move of her body was a thing of exquisite beauty. I was already reaching beneath Greta's body and tweaking her left nipple, while my right hand was beginning to rub her clit. I felt the warm juices of Greta's excitement while my own excitement was such that I was already pushing my pelvis forward with regular thrusts onto Greta's naked buttocks. 

The blonde looked up at me and said, "Do you mind if I give your wife a little pleasure on the nipple you're not using?" Greta wasn't my wife, but she was close enough to it for tonight. I looked at Greta, and she looked at me inquiringly. I nodded, and Greta responded by shifting her body slightly so that the nipple was nearer the other woman's mouth. The other woman put Greta's nipple into her mouth. Now Greta was being given pleasure and foreplay by me and by another woman.

Then the other couple changed positions again and maneuvered into the missionary position. We could still see every inch of action as the intercourse continued. The man looked over and said, "Since she can't continue to provide service, do you mind if I take over. Again Greta and I exchanged looks. "I'm okay with it, so long as you remember my limits. Now he had his mouth on Greta's nipple and was giving her pleasure. As Greta began to make little Mmm sounds, I parted her legs slightly and slipped myself inside her, using long, slow strokes. 

Shortly afterward, the man asked Greta, "Do you want me to come inside her or do you want to see it?" 

"I want to see it," Greta blurted out. With that, the man gave a few more powerful thrusts and pulled out of the other woman just enough to allow both of us to see him unload onto her labia, her clit, and her lower abdomen. His penis was throbbing, and her body was pulsing with passion and hard breathing. They both then began to watch my thrusts into Greta. I had lifted her leg high and was affording them as full a view of her pussy being fucked as they had afforded us. Suddenly, the other woman moved her head to Greta's pussy and began licking the clit, also making frequent contact with my dick as well.

Then Greta looked over her shoulder at me. She asked, "Okay, this is my big favor. If he wears a condom, could I go down on him while you fuck me missionary style?" This was it. What could I say? We had all watched each other fuck and get fucked. I had the other woman's tongue touching my dick as I fucked Greta. And she was going to be sucking on a dick-shaped condom.

Greta said, "It's already been arranged if you agree. And if you want to, you can even fuck her afterward." Truthfully, I liked the idea of the other woman's mouth on me, but I don't know if it was a bit too far for me to go, if I was afraid that me going farther would give Greta permission to go farther, or if I was simply satisfied with Greta. For whatever reason, I didn't take Greta up on the offer to fuck the other woman.

The man produced a flavored condom and lay onto his back. Greta got onto her hands and knees and began to take the sheathed penis into her mough. "Grape," she laughed. I entered her from behind. The other woman maneuvered herself underneath Greta and used her tongue to give Greta more pleasure. Occasionally, I would slip out of Greta and push downward. When I did, the other woman took my naked penis into her mouth and gave incredible tongue action. Then I would withdraw and reinsert into Greta.

Greta had given me blowjobs many times over the past few months, but having a penis at both ends excited her with regard to the blowjob in a way I had never seen. She repeatedly took the man's entire penis into her mouth with both force and authority. Her blonde hair was bobbing and swaying with the thrusts of her head. I had never heard her give a muffled scream with a penis in her mouth, but she did that night. As she climaxed, so did I, and so did the man filling her mouth. She held his penis still in her mouth with practiced hands and a powerful suction and moaned. At the same moment, I filled her pussy with my own juices. As I pulled out so did the man. He had almost filled the entire condom with his second load. The blonde below Greta's pussy was busy cleaning Greta's juices and my sperm off my penis, then licking the remainder off Greta.

Greta rolled onto her back and sat up. She kissed me on the lips. She kissed the other blonde on the lips. Then she kissed the other man, still wearing his flavored condom. Then she stood up still naked and as she slipped on her top and her skirt, said to me, "Thanks baby. That was what I had wanted to do just one time in my life, and you loved me enough to let me do it. Now we're going back to the motel, and I'm going to fuck your brains out." She walked out of the room with her shoes still in her hands and with me trailing her trying to get dressed.

I had never before been frightened by a woman threatening to fuck my brains out, but Greta had become such a tigress that night, I wasn't sure if I could survive what she had planned for the rest of the evening. I wondered if anyone made splints for a penis. I feared I was going to need some before Greta finished with me that night.