 Kathy is my best friend, we are both about the same age and she and I have been friends for over 30 years. 

We were always close growing up. We had the same interests and we were really great friends. We would go to events together, concerts together and movies together. So finding us hanging out together was not all that uncommon at all and on several occasions we were mistaken as a couple. 

We have a hot tub and she would come over and get in it to relax all the time. I could spend hours alone in it at night looking up at the sky and looking at the stars. There was nothing more relaxing then getting into the hot tub in the freezing cold of winter and gaze at the stars. 

Kathy called me up and asked if she could have an evening of sitting in the hot tub and looking at the stars. I told her the wife was out with friends and I would love some company. She knew it has been a long time since I have been in the tub and star gazed. I was very excited to have her over and couldn't wait for the evening. Tonight was supposed to be clear and very warm. Perfect hot tub weather.

She arrived around seven o'clock. I greeted her and we basically had a night of chatting and catching up on old gossip. I had brought some wine with me and she was already into a glass. I went to the bedroom to change into my bathing trunks and grabbing a towel returned and met her in the lounge. She was in a modest blue bikini. She looked stunning as the bikini showed off her perfect body. As she grabbed her glass and bottle of wine she spun around and slipped her feet into her flip flops and headed for the back door. I followed suit with my wine in hand and outside in the garden we went.

We both quickly made our way to the hot tub. In only my suit and my towel over my shoulder. We reached the tub and put our towels and wine over the chairs. I pushed the heavy cover of the hot tub and over it went. From the living room lights I could see her hard stiff nipples. She was cold too. I couldn't help but to get lost in my thoughts for a moment about what they looked like. She then climbed the step up the side of the hot tub and leaning over to push off the rest of the cover I stood there admiring her small firm ass. For a short moment all I could think about was burying my face in her ass. 

Kathy snapped me out of my trance by instructing me to turn off the living room lights. I ran back, opened the back door of the house and turned off the lights inside. I quickly made my way back and returned to the hot tub where Kathy had already crawled in. I quickly got in the tub and settled into my position right across from her. We sat silently for a few moments as we warmed up and got accustomed to the warmth and our eyes got accustomed to the dark. I was drinking my wine and looking up at the night sky. It was a beautiful night and the stars clear and crisp. 

I was the first one to break the silence by making a comment about the night sky. The stars were shining bright overhead and the beer, wine and company of my friend Kathy made it all perfect. Kathy laid her head back looking up at the sky. I found myself looking at her neck and upper chest. Her soft white skin against the straps of her blue bikini was striking as was watching her breasts rise and fall gently in the water as she was breathing.

"So what are we going to do now", Kathy asked taking a long sip from her wine. "We are done with work, no one home, no love life for you or me, no money, nothing."

"Well", I began, "Right now, I say we just enjoy the night. All the other stuff we can deal with tomorrow."

Kathy tapped me with her foot under the water. I felt her toes tap against my leg as she told me to be serious. 

"I am serious. What can we possibly do about any of that at this time of night? Let's just enjoy the evening. Come here." I grabbed her hands and pulled her to me sliding up my legs in the hot tub I hugged her saying your my best friend and I enjoy your company that's all that matters, now get your ass over there and relax . She leaned back and looked up into the night sky and I started to point out the star constellations. As we were talking, I could feel her leg against mine. It's been a while since I have been this close to a woman. I felt a stirring in me. I tried to push it away and continue with the stars but it was becoming difficult. 

Kathy moved about fidgeting trying to get the best position on my feet with her ass, sometimes slipping off and my toe accidentally touching her between her legs as she sat back against the tub opposite me. She had draped her legs over my lap. Just her shift in her seating caused my dick to begin to harden. I was hoping that she would not notice. She lifted one of her legs up out of the water and waved one of her feet in my face. 

"I have cute feet don't you think? Don't you think I have pretty feet and toes?" 

"You have very cute feet" I replied. She really did. I have always thought that she had the type of feet that would turn anyone into a foot fetish fanatic. I grabbed a hold of her foot so that she would not tire her leg out and I held it up and out of the water for her. Her other leg was still resting across my lap. My hard on was so very close to bumping her leg and I stayed as still as I could so that she would not notice it. 

Taking her foot in my hand I massaged it causing her to whimper and say oh that feels so good, I ran 20k today and my feet are so sore causing me to massage further.I love your feet I replied and im happy to oblige placking a kiss on her toe.

"Kiss it more" she said playfully and giggled. Maybe she didn't think I would or she was just being silly but I did. I brought her foot to my mouth and gave it a long kiss. She giggled again and dropped her foot into the water and brought up her other leg to my mouth and told me to kiss that one too.

Again I took a hold of her foot and gave it a long slow kiss. She dropped her foot into water and slid both of her feet under my thigh. In doing so her knees were bent up and sticking out of the water. I could see her looking at me over her knees playfully. She giggled again and remarked "You got a bit of a foot fetish in you I see."

Smiling back at her with a mischievous grin I responded to her that she had no idea about all my fetishes but admitted that feet were a big turn on for me. I explained how I could never be in a relationship with a woman that had ugly feet. Kathy laughed and said that she was thankful her feet passed my test. Kathy then surprised me. She lifted her foot back out from under my thigh and raised it up out of the water and told me to show her what I would do with a pretty foot. I must have hesitated a little too long because she surprised me by then putting her toes up to my lips. 

Grabbing a hold of her leg again I slipped her toes into my mouth and started to suck and run my tongue over each and every toe while my hands caressed her calf. I then kissed and licked my way along her arch, sole and ball of her foot and kissed her ankle before returning her toes into my mouth. I swirled and flicked my tongue over her little toes like each one was a clit. Even though the hot tub motor was humming I am almost certain that I heard her moan. After a few moments of me worshipping her foot she dropped it back into the water with a Wow I liked that!

She looked off into the dark without saying a word for a few seconds. That gave me a moment to readjust myself in my suit. I was very hard now. Sucking on her toes and foot really turned me on and I wanted to position my hardness so that it was not so obvious. She looked back to me and with a serious look she asked me what other things I was into. 

"I'm not telling you that."

"Why not?" Stacy asked.

"Because you are my friend, it would just be weird." I replied. "You tell me yours."

"Well, tonight I found out that I really like having my toes and feet sucked on. Now tell me yours."

"No"

"C'mon!" She pouted as she playfully splashed me with water. 

"Please" she begged, splashing me again.

I grabbed her wrists and we playfully struggled and in doing so she ended up on my lap with her legs to either side of mine straddling me and then she stopped suddenly. I figured out quickly why. She felt my hard cock through my bathing suit. "Are you going to tell me?" Kathy asked heavily bringing me back to attention 

Looking up at her I told her my likes and turn ons. I told her how I like going down on a woman especially if she was shaven and my favourite one of watching women masturbate. The whole time I poured out my sexual likes and turn ons she kept up her rocking and grinding against me. She had that glazed over look in her face. I could tell that the conversation was having an effect on her. And she could clearly tell it had an effect on me too.

She moved off of me. I let out a little moan of disapproval. She sat opposite of me and her hands had slipped below the water. I couldn't see what she was doing but I could tell that she was thinking hard about something. After an awkward and quiet moment, she sat forward. I leaned forward too so that we were face to face just a foot or two away from each other. 

"I am thinking..." she started to say.

"Me too..." I replied back.

"I want you to suck on my toes again but nothing else, no touching. 

Take your suit off." Before I could protest she had hiked down her top her breasts below the water so I couldn't see and slipped her costume off. I slipped out of mine too the bubbles of the tub hiding our bodies just as the motor stopped its cycle us both afraid to move in case the other saw to much.

I gently lifted her foot up and began to again kiss and suck on her toes. This time, without the hot tub humming, I could clearly hear her moaning. Her hands slipping below the water to caress her pussy I could see her looking up at me watching me as I licked and sucked her toes. Pulling her foot away she looked at me and said keep eye contact 

She was biting her bottom lip and one hand was caressing her tits the other working away at her clit going by the movement of her shoulder.

She looked at me asking if I was going to join in?

Our eyes never leaving the others we continued our erotic tryst.

My hand slipping below the water as I slowly stroked my hard cock teasing the head with my thumb as I watched her pleasure herself, occasionally her breast rising out of the water giving me glimpses of a hard nipple before she ducked back under squeezing it between her finger and thumb.

Her hips were moving faster and faster as she worked her pussy, me stroking my cock ever faster, and then suddenly she tensed up. I could feel see her face as she reached the glorious peak of orgasm. 

She collapsed forward onto me I reached and held her head to stop her going under the water and gave her a moment to catch her breath.

With her mouth next to my ear I could hear her quietly saying oh god that was amazing. I was closer and closer to cumming and I let her know. She told me to cum. I was almost there. My body tensed. She sat back and watched my face as my cum shot from my hard cock into the water.

As I calmed down from my orgasm she reached under the water pulling her costume back on I reached down pulling my shorts back on but didn't have anything to say. I just lay there staring at her. Our legs touching and I could feel the warmth of her body. Without looking at me, she said that we needed to get dressed and close up the hot tub. The last thing she wanted was my wife to walk in post orgasm. 

As I got up and began to close the tub up I remarked how I didn't think that would ever happen, she looked me in the eye saying "Ditto".