 There was a young woman I knew named Terri, who at the time I met her was twenty-five. She was a supple, beautiful woman with creamy skin, long lovely brown hair, deep blue eyes and long, thin subtle fingers with perfectly manicured nails. Her arms and legs were feminine, slender and long each exhibiting a delightful grace and elegance one rarely sees. Even her knees had a distinctly feminine quality. Most pleasurable was her bottom, which looked as plump and ripe as the juiciest, plum I had ever seen and as shapely as a crisp, red delicious apple. Her firm breasts had a fresh, newness quality that exuded warmth, softness and pleasure. Yet what I remember most about this woman was her fragrance because she always had freshest scent about her with a spicy undertone. It was a fragrance you felt each time she was around giving her a presence, a quality an unquestionable attractiveness. Her fragrance had density and substance I could feel in the pit of my stomach and it made me want her all the more.

The best part of knowing Terri was that she chose me as her boyfriend. I don't know why she selected me but I also wasn't going to question her judgment.

Each year since she had been a child Terri spent the summer with her grandparents about three miles outside the city in a secluded small town. After work, I would visit Terri; often spending the evening or sometimes the entire weekend playing pool on a table in the loft of the large separate garage. Occasionally, Terri's grandfather would join us to shoot pool. 

This particular day was unbearably hot so even though it was evening, her grandparents didn't feel like braving the heat. Once we finished dinner, Terri and I made our way to the loft hoping the day's heat had dissipated from our "play area". Instead we found that the old wood of the loft had soaked up the sun's heat and the radiant energy left the loft very warm. I opened the windows put on Juno Reactor CD and fell back into the oversize couch to try and stay cool. The beat of the music throbbed and Terri picked up a pool stick. I watched her play pool in her light white cotton blouse and tight shorts and I ached for the beauty hidden under those clothes. She begged me to play with her but I complained it was just too hot to shoot pool and maybe we should just sit, listen to music, talk and have something cool to drink.

Instead of sitting down on the couch, Terri glided over to the couch and slowly unbuttoned my shirt, sliding it off my shoulders, and then let dropping it to the wooden floor. She returned to the pool table to play leaving me to think about the second game that had begun. She returned again and removed my shoes. Waiting for her to finish her shot, I walked to her and turned Terri to face me. Slowly, I unbuttoned her shirt. "Wouldn't you be more comfortable without your shirt? " I asked playfully. 

"I'm not stopping you," she replied. 

I finished unbuttoned the buttons, which were in the back of the blouse and slid it forward off her shoulders. Terri was not wearing a bra so as it fell off her shoulders is slid across her nipples making them taut with excitement.

In a moment, so was my penis. She pulled away and returned to the pool game wearing only her shorts. I settle back into the couch to watch the movement of her breasts while she played. Her full breast about the size of grapefruits looks so ripe I could almost imagine them bursting with juice. Between shots Terri would return and remove another piece of my clothing till I was sitting on the couch entirely naked, while she still was in shorts. Terri continued to play pool and tauntingly returning to the couch where she would play with my balls. Massaging them with her long slender fingers, the contrast between her elegance and my sheer nakedness was driving me crazy, so was her sensual fragrance, amplified by the heat of the loft. Soon Terri had me in a highly explosive state. I had to do something so I went to her at the pool table and sliding my fingers into the sides of her shorts, I slid them down past her hips. She stepped out of the shorts. Terri now was only dressed in very small, tight, immaculately white, panties. As much as I like women in their panties, I like them better without them. Frankly, I would love it if Terri never wore anything when we were together but that is just a dream. At this point we both played pool and with the risk element of someone walking in on us, the pool became more exciting though mostly we just enjoyed each other's bodies.

Terri's body was so firm and curvaceous with a nice tan from days in the country. Her round apple shaped behind was so firm it could have been framed art. I was particularly enticed by the way her ass cheeks remained slightly apart and enjoyed each time she bent over to make a shot. Terri had a furry bush, which she liked to trim leaving a patch of auburn hair over her pussy. Each time she bent over I could see the hairs of her bush from between her ass, the lips of her pussy looked full and plump as they pushed their way out from her soft pubic hair. I was simply in heaven with this girl.

Whether it was the heat or the delightful sight of Terri or both but I ended up completely flushed and my penis was fully and most painfully engorged. Each time I would score a point, Terri would slowly stroke my throbbing penis with her long fingers. Every time I scored, she offered me her pussy or ass or breasts to squeeze or stroke. We finished our game and I won when I sunk the eight ball. Terri put down her stick and said she knew what I would like as the price of winning.

She told me to lie in the middle of the room on the rug. Terri walked around me a few times and then gently straddling me and sat on my chest. Her body was so warm, pleasantly and sweet smelling. She was very light as she massaged herself against my body it was like being stroked by a feather. Then she did something I will always remember. She inched her way to my face and she gently, oh so very gently nuzzled her sweet pussy and ass onto my face. I was enveloped in the honey and fire of her body. Her pussy was oozing with juices. I could feel her reach to spread her cheeks with her delicate fingers, so she could settle herself deeper onto my face. She rotated slowly so I might enjoy her feminine gifts and so I drank in the sweetness, the aromas and the tastes. I licked her clitoris and sustained myself on the fluids from her pussy. I ate greedily from her ass because I wanted nothing more that to loose myself and to be completely enveloped in her. I was drunk with the gifts of her body. For many minutes she offered herself and I accepted. She pressed and I probed.

Then it came. She orgasmed while she straddled my face and her juices surged onto and over me. She grabbed my hair in thick handfuls and bucked in pleasure and I was happy to give her that pleasure. She drove herself right into my face and I was up to the challenge. I took all she had to give me and I found more from the depth of her body. We were free and unafraid to try anything. That night we made love too many times to remember and there was little we didn't discover till exhausted we slept naked together on the couch.

Twenty years later, I still find I am under her spell. She is my free naked spirit because she had always shared herself totally with me. Everyday, when we get home we spend our time naked together. She has not given in the self-conscientiousness of age and that has kept us both young, happy and healthy.