 “What are you thinking?” He asks as he staring down at me. I smile and say,

“I had the most amazing dream.”

“Really? Was I in it?” I smiled again as I sat up halfway to briefly kiss his lips.

“You can say that.” I looked around the room and he had ordered room service. I put a robe on and walked over to the half eaten spread.

“I’m sorry. I couldn’t wait.” I smiled and said,

“I’m not hungry right now anyway.” My eyes caught the clock on the bed stand and it was 9:30 and my heart sighed a little wanting him to stay longer than I knew was feasible. He walked over to me and kisses my lips as he unties my robe bringing his body heat to mine. He broke the kiss quickly and began to trail them down my neck to my shoulder.

“I thought we agreed we weren’t going to look at clocks this weekend.” He said briefly as he held my body against his.

“So you noticed my glance. Damn I was close.” I smiled briefly and again he asked about my dream. “Well I dreamt you were kissing me all over. It was weird I even felt like you made me cum. It was a very erotic dream. I loved it.” He looked at me and smiled.

“You know how you always said you’d want me to do that to you.”

“Did you?” I asked saddened. “And I missed it.” He smiled and said,

“Your eyes were open for a few seconds every time I touched you. You moaned so sensuously. I’m getting hard just thinking about it.” I smirked and said,

“Well how about we do it again, but I’m pretending to sleep.”

“But you’ll expect it this time. Not that I’m objecting to going down on you and have you fully at my exposal.” He chuckled and then felt my cunt how wet it was. “My goodness you’re soaking. You taste wonderful, by the way. At one point I was going to keep you tied up when you woke this morning.”

“You had me tied up too?!?!” He nodded and kissed my neck as if he was hungry again and I was his food. His kisses led to light bites as he went down my body and then stopped before my stomach.

“You were moving like mad. I have to have you tied up or it wasn’t going to work.”

“Let’s do this. You can completely tie me up and I will be at your disposal. You can blind fold me I brought some.” I broke from his hold and went to my bag and pulled my blindfolds out. “It’ll be like I’m sleeping again.” He kissed my lips and slid the robe off my body. He took the blindfold out of my hands and covered my eyes. 

I felt his lips on my breasts and his arms around my torso pulling me closer to him. He picked me up and carried me to the bed laying me first on my stomach. He took my hands and tied them together putting them behind my tilted head. When he was done tying my hands he began to let his fingers trace over my back letting them heighten my senses. They began to hit my bottom lightly and I let out a light moan and he asked if I liked that. I answered with a soft yes.

He rolled me over and untied my hands. He took the scarves and tied my legs to the bedpost and I felt his hands roaming my breasts and rubbing my thighs. Then I felt nothing except his mouth at my wetness. His tongue actually fucking my sopping hole. His tongue licked the inside of my lips – nice and slow then placing his mouth on my clit sucking it makings sounds come out of my mouth that I never thought were possible. 

“I want you to fuck me.” He stayed between my legs for a moment longer and then I felt him untie my legs and climb on top of me removing the blindfolds and as soon as he threw them off to the side he looked at me closely. I saw my wetness on his mouth and then he leaned in kissing me as his cock rubbed against my hot and waiting cunt. I spread my legs a little wider as we kissed and bent them at ninety-degree angles. I felt him tease my cunt with his cock as he slid it in and we continued to kiss. I gasped again as he slid inside of me.

“Did I hurt you?” He asked and I said,

“No. Not at all. Just fuck me.” He started to pump deep inside me and I was moaning so loudly I was unsure it was me. My hips were meeting his and we started to grind against one another. “Can I try the top?” 

“Anything you want, sweetie.” 

Once I was on top I began to fuck him as I grabbed my breasts and watched him watching me. Riding this man holding my breasts and his hand went to my clit and I bit my lower lip as I watched him smile. I took his hand from my clit and laid my chest on top of his and began to fuck his cock by grinding against him. He was so big and hard inside me.

“Am I hurting you?”

“In such a good way.” He grabbed my head as he started to work his hips the little he could. His other hand was on my back. “Let’s sit up.” So we did and he buried his head in my chest as we fucked a little bit longer as I squeezed his cock and he got harder while inside me. “Lay back.” 

I did and he climbed on top of me and began to fuck me faster and harder. Bringing on my hardest cum that I’ve ever had. I watched the beads of sweat on his forehead as he slammed into my cunt and pulled out just as he came letting it land on my stomach. He collapsed on top of me out of breath. I smiled and lay there quietly letting the heavy breathing be the only sound in the room. Enjoying the sound that would soon be gone.