 As I walked into the large bathroom I felt his eyes on my skin and once I was beginning the bath water I heard his feet on the floor. I slightly peered over my shoulder to see his eyes on me and all of the sudden my cunt started to throb once more. Ahh to be someone’s eye candy – even if he was married. I smirked and watched him watch me. When our eyes finally met I straightened up and walked over him to kiss his lips.

While I kissed him on his lips his arms wrapped around me and his hands landed on my plump bottom. His index finger snaked between my cheeks and found my sphincter muscle and started rubbing it as I moaned into his mouth. The kiss stopped and he rested his head on my shoulder – most likely to watch his hands. I widened my stance a little more and let him work his magic. 

Slowly he turned me around and I pressed my backside up against him. I felt his cock begin to swell and my hand reached down to feel it slowly hardening once more. His hands ran down and found my swelling right nipple and he began to pinch and pull at it. I moaned again as he leaned over and blew on my neck. His left hand slid down to my cunt and slid his index finger between my wet slit. His finger found my clit and felt it hardening under his touch as he gave it a quick pinch. He pulled at my hair and said,

“We’re going to get rid of this tonight.” His breath was so hot against my skin I wanted him once more.

“I know.” I said with a pant followed by a moan. 

“How about right now? So then I can eat you out the proper way.” He paused to nibble on my ear. “I want to taste you.” 

I was nearly ready to fall on the floor with my knees spread wide open and have him fuck me on the cold tile. Yet I also knew it would be ten times better if I let him shave me and pleasure me. He left my body and walked over to his bag getting his menthol shaving cream and a few razors. 

“Menthol?” I asked half worried about the burn.

“Believe me, honey. You’ll be buying stock in this stuff when I’m through.” I smiled and walked over to him. “I’m going to sit on the toilet and I want your pussy…” He gave it a rub and gave my clit a quick pinch. “I want your pussy in my face. Mmm I can’t wait to taste you.” 

He sat down and I did as I was asked. I stood in front of him as he rubbed the shaving cream generously over my cunt letting some slip between my lips giving my cunt a cool burn as he blew on it making me want to fuck him right then. I felt my wetness seeping out and wondered how he could shave me when my knees were about to give out.

After running the razor over my cunt leaving a patch of nothing he’d manipulate my cunt rubbing my clit until I was almost to the edge and pulling away. When I was ready to tell him forget about the shave I was done and he stood up in front of me with a hard on and kissed my mouth as his hand rubbed my soft shaved pussy and his middle finger slid right inside me. Fucking me nice and slow. I arched my back and began to cum on his finger. His other hand held me up as his finger fucked me until I came almost falling because my legs were so weak. He took me over to the bathtub and sat me on the edge. I took his finger and licked it clean.

“That was my taste.” I smiled and said.

“You can have it for dinner. I just wanted a quick taste.” He opened my legs and I reached to turn off the almost overflowing water. He looked up at me after a quick taste and reached up kissing my lips.

“Mmm…You taste good.” I smiled and he said,

“So do you.” He went back between my legs while my hand remained on his head pulling his hair. “Stand up.” I moaned. 

He did and I stared at his hard cock and wrapped my mouth around it holding his bottom tightening my grip as he slid in and out of my mouth nice and slow the tip of his cock touching the back of my throat. I loved him being in my mouth as I felt his hand tugging my hair guiding my mouth over his cock. I knew hew was going to cum and I wanted to taste him but he pulled away. I took his cock and guided him back to my mouth and I grabbed his balls and began massaging them as I sucked his cock. I paid attention to his slit licking it nice and slow and then his thrusts became harder and quicker. He came deep into her throat and she swallowed almost every drop except one at the corner of my mouth. He was breathing heavily and leaned back against the wall.

“I’m lost for words. Are you sure you’ve never done that before?” I smiled and walked over to him. 

“Yes.” I kissed his chest and asked, “Can we get into that tub now and relax.” He laughed and said,

“I haven’t been this relaxed in years.” 

We climbed into the bath and were sitting opposite from one another. Quietly enjoying the company of one another. He moved over to my end of the tub and put an arm around me as he pulled me into his body closer kissing my lips and then my neck sneaking his way back to my mouth. I enjoyed all this pampering and wanted to cherish every minute. I curled up close to him and shut my eyes in contentment. We sat like this talking about our lives and catching up. Because we were friends – now closer more than ever. But I understood he had a wife at home and wonderful kids. I know he cares for his two separate lives as much as life can give him. His life with his wife and his life with me. I don’t expect anything but respect for me as I have for him.

Once the water started to chill and when we became prunes we got out. I put a robe on and my cunt was sweetly sore. I couldn’t help but smile when I looked at him or felt the pain. I climbed into bed before he did and felt him climb in right behind me before I dozed off to sleep. Finally my weekend had come and it will be over tomorrow.