 This is my second story ever written. The story is about a few fantasies that my ex-girlfriend and I had. Hope you enjoy.

--------------------------------------

As I look out of the window, I see that the sun has already set. The train was unbearably late. We had to stop down the line for twenty minutes for some inane reason. The train was supposed to be in Geneva almost an hour ago. Of course, my phone died, but hopefully the station would have alerted people somehow. As the train pulls into the station, I see her blue car parked in the lot. She's leaning against the front end with a smile on her face.

"At least she's not upset," I thought. When the train stops, I walk out with my backpack. I was only staying the night, so I only brought the essentials: one set of clothes, a bottle of vodka, a tiny plastic bag of something special and enough condoms to last me a week. Never hurts to be prepared.

As I approach her car, she takes her sunglasses off and tells me, "You know how unbelievably late you are?"

"Not my fault. Blame the conductor."

"Mm-Hmm," she says as she smirks back at me. "Get in the car."

We drive down the road for a few minutes. We start chatting, talking about the good old days and how our summers are going. I notice that we are no where near where her house is supposed to be.

"Where are we going?" I asked. Again, she smirked at me.

"Don't worry about it."

After a little while, my mind starts to wander. Where is she taking me? We've already passed enough bars to know we aren't drinking. We are travelling in the exact opposite direction of her house. What could she be planning?

The car starts slowing down. I look around to see where we are. There isn't too much to see. A few restaurants, a car wash and...

A hotel.

She pulls in to the parking lot and parks in front of a room in the back. She takes a set of keys out of her pocket and shows them to me. Apparently, she's already rented the room. We take out sparse amount of luggage and walk into the room. It is not bad. There is a big bed in the center with ample amount of room for two people. I sit down to test the bed. She picks up her bag, winks at me and walks into the bathroom.

As I am sitting on the bed, I start to wonder what she could be doing in there. The fan is on, so I can't hear what is going on. After a few minutes, I can barely handle it anymore. What is she doing?!?

All of a sudden, I hear shower turn on. My spirits sink a little. Apparently, I'm going to have to wait a little longer to see what she has planned. However, I notice something a little strange. The door has been opened. It is just a crack, but I can see into the bathroom. I step out of the bed and walk silently over to the door. As I peak inside the door, I can see the entire span of the room. The shower curtains are not pulled all of the way shut. Inside the shower, I can see her entire body wet and dripping from the water.

"Oh my god!" I think. "She's touching herself." She is leaning against the back of the shower with one of her legs on the side of the other wall. Her fingers are gently rubbing up and down her slit. Her eyes are closed and she is showing immense pleasure in what she is doing to herself. After a few seconds, I notice her fingers are starting to penetrate into her and she starts moaning lightly. At this point, I cannot take it anymore and get an idea in my head. Why don't I just come in and help her?

I strip down in the main room of the hotel room. This has to be done with a little finesse. I quietly open the door as quietly as I can, all of the while keeping an on her to make sure she doesn't see me. When I reach the edge of the shower, I pull the curtains, but the rings clang against the pole. Her eyes do not open, but her legs spread a little more and she increases her pace a little.

"This was her idea the whole time..." I think to myself.

I step into the shower and put my arms around her body. She takes her fingers out and puts them in her mouth. She finally opens her mouth and smiles at me while she cleans off her fingers. Before she's done, she takes her fingers and puts them in my mouth. I can still taste her as I lick her clean. Our bodies press up against each other and our mouths connect. Her tongue rushes into my mouth. My hand comes up and runs through her hair, pressing her mouth against mine. My other hand is rubbing her back, side and ass. 

The hot water is running down both of our bodies as we make out and grind. Her hand starts rubbing my chest. Her hand moves down to my stomach and keeps descending. She finally grips my member and starts rubbing. The water gives her plenty of lubrication and she easily pumps me for all I'm worth.

"Unnngghh," I moan into her mouth.

The warm sensation of the water and her body rubbing on me is almost too much for me to handle. I have to do something before it's too late. My hand reaches down to continue what she was doing earlier. My fingers slide into her slit and start massaging her clit. She slows down her pace on my member. As my fingers start rubbing harder, they are starting to enter her pussy. I start kissing her on her cheek, moving to her ear and down to her neck. As I start to suck her neck, my fingers are fully in her pussy, pumping in and out and rubbing her G-spot.

"Oh god!" she sighs.

I pick up the pace. My fingers are disappearing into her faster and faster. My mouth is sucking her neck as my other hand is scratching her back, digging my nails into her skin.

"Oh fuck yes!!" she moans as her hands rub over my back, gripping me to her body. "Right there, right there!"

My fingers are rubbing her spot harder and harder. I know she is close so I give her all I have. Her body starts shaking.

"AAAAH FUUCKKK YEAAAHH!!!" she screams.

As her orgasm dies down, my fingers still gently rub her clit and my other hand rubs her back and ass. We kiss and grind in the running water for a few more minutes. Finally, she turns the water off and we exit the shower. Taking turns we use the towel and slowly dry each other's bodies off, our hands running over every square inch of each other's bodies. As she is drying off my legs, she looks up at me and grins. Her hands drop the towel and begin to rub up my calves and thighs. I feel her fingers start to wrap around my cock again. Her hands start pumping me again. After the ordeal in the shower, it comes to attention in no time. After a few seconds, she brings her face close and gently licks the tip of my member.

"Mmmm," I sigh as my eyes close and I let the pleasure sink in.

She covers the head of my prick with licks. Her tongue slides up and down the shaft as her hand still grips it and pumps it. Finally, her lips gently kiss the end of my prick and she looks up at me. She opens up her mouth without taking her eyes off of mine. The tip enters her mouth and she takes in the whole head. I can feel her tongue rolling around the tip and underside as she takes more and more into her mouth.

"Uuunngghh!!"

I can barely stand it feels so good. Her mouth continues to engulf me and I can feel myself sliding into her throat. Finally, I can feel her lips against the base as my entire cock entire her mouth. Her head starts moving up and down on my cock and her hand begins pumping as well.

"God that feels so good," my voice rasps out.

Her tongue darts all over my cock as her lips slide up and down the shaft. Her hand gently squeezes and she pumps me for all she is worth. Every once in awhile, she lets me out of her mouth and licks the entire length of my cock and kisses it. The entire time, her eyes gaze up at me. I can barely keep my eyes open through the pleasure. All of a sudden, I feel something stir. It won't be too long now. My eyes must have told her the whole story because she picks up her pace. Her hand begins moving faster and she is sucking harder than I've ever felt. Her eyes still do not stop watching me. I can almost see her smile through all of the work.

"OH GOD!!" I exclaim as I can finally hold it in no longer.

My prick explodes as cum bursts into her mouth. She doesn't slow down at all as I spew into her throat. I can hear swallowing noises as she doesn't let a drop fall from her mouth. She lets go with her hand and just lets my prick slide in and out. When I have nothing left to give, she still slowly sucks and licks me, letting the feeling slowly fade. My cock barely softens as she continues to peer into my eyes and enjoy the taste of my prick.

Without a word, she leans me back into the bed. Even with all I've just been through, I'm standing at attention. Her legs straddle me as she positions herself above me. I can feel the tip resting against the edge of her pussy.

"Do you want to be inside me?" she asks, her body slowly descending onto my cock.

"Oh god yes," I moan.

Her ass finally rests on my legs and waist, as the entire length of me is positions in her wet pussy. I can feel her juices as she squeezes my cock with her cunt. She leans over and kisses me. Her tongue shoots into my mouth. My hands knead her breasts as she starts sliding up and down on my cock. I start kissing her on the neck again and my hands rub her entire body. My nails gently scratch her back and dig into her skin. I grab her breasts and squeeze hard.

"Mmmmm," she moans as her pace quickens.

She leans up and is kneeling upright. Her body bounces up and down on my cock. Her breasts bounce around, turning me on to no end. I reach up and grab them ferociously. She bites her lip, closes her eyes and begins moaning rhythmically to her own pace. She leans back further and thrusts her hips up and down. I can feel her pussy contracting around my cock. Her moans get louder and louder with each thrust.

"AAAHHH!!" she exclaims. Suddenly, she lifts herself back up quickly and my cock slips out of her wet pussy.

"I want to be on bottom. I want to feel your cock pounding into me," she demands as she gets off from on top of me. She opens her legs and rubs her clit as I position myself above her. I grab her ankles and spread her legs even farther apart. I thrust into her hard.

"UNNNGHH!" she moans.

My pace increases quickly. We are both still excited from her being on top. With each thrust, I push my cock into her as far as it will go. I can feel as the walls of her pussy form around my prick. Both of her eyes squeeze shut and she leans her head back. Her orgasm is coming over her as she yells and moans. Even though my pace quickens, every few seconds I push into her and hold my cock in her pussy. I can feel her pussy squeezing my prick, wanting me to spew my cum into her.

"OH YEEESSS!!!!" she gasps.

Her orgasm peaks and she grabs my head. She pulls me down and kisses me. Her legs wrap around my body and she presses me further into her as she moans into my mouth. I can feel her juices oozing from her pussy as my paces slows down. Finally, I rest myself on top of her.

We lie in the bed resting from our ordeal. She rests her head on my chest, rubbing her hands on my stomach. My cock is still standing at attention. Her hands gently rub back down my stomach and lightly grips. My hand slides down her back and squeezes her ass. My fingers slide in between her legs and start massaging her pussy, still sopping wet. She moves her body, kissing down my stomach and she begins licking my prick. I pull her leg, signaling her to position herself. She straddles my face, her pussy inches from my mouth. I can feel my cock slipping into her mouth as she begins sucking me again. My fingers are rubbing her clit, entering her and putting pressure on all the right spots. My tongue takes over as I lick her clit and taste her juices. Her pace quickens as her mouth slides up and down my member. After awhile of intense licking, my fingers start massaging her asshole.

"Mmmmm...," I hear her moan, my cock still stuffed in her mouth.

My fingers start putting pressure on her ass. Finally, I slide my index finger into her ass.

"Oh god!" she says, momentarily letting me slide out of her.

I gain a little lubrication from her pussy and slide another finger into her ass. I'm licking for all I'm worth and my fingers are impaling her ass. Her head is moving faster and faster, her hand pumping me. Suddenly, she leans up and gets up off of my face. She gets on her hands and knees, sticks her ass up in the air and looks back at me with a smile on her face. I know exactly what she wants. I position myself behind her and the tip of my member is resting on the entrance to her pussy.

"My god, it's soaking wet," I think happily.

Without any effort, I slide right into her. Her face plops down into the pillow and lets out a loud moan. I begin humping back and forth, pushing all of my weight into her. Her breasts are bouncing as our rhythm increases. As I fuck her, my hands are squeezing her ass. I slap her ass hard.

"MMPPHH!!" she screams into the pillow.

My nails dig into her back and ass. The bed creaks as our pace quickens further. I thrust as hard as I can, trying to stick in as hard as I can. Her moans are getting louder. There is no way the people in the adjacent rooms cannot hear us fuck. I begin to feel a stirring down below. I know that I cannot last much longer.

"I'm about to cum!" I say.

"Cum in me! OH, CUM IN ME!!!!" she screams.

I give one final thrust as my cock explodes in her pussy. She moans loudly in her pillow as her orgasm peaks. My entire body feels amazing as I spew into her. I finally can't keep up the pace anymore and I slow down. My legs feel weak and I finally pull out of her. A trickle of her juices combines with my cum comes out. She lies down and I lie next to her, spooning out naked bodies together.

I snap out of my slumber a little while later to find the bed empty. The shower can be heard in the bathroom. I can't help but get an idea in my head...