 A few years ago I was at a work conference in St. Louis and the hotel they put me up in had a nice indoor pool/spa area. So after a long day of droll meetings I figured I'd go relax in the hot tub a bit. I was the only one from my office who went and I didn't really know any of the other conference attendees. So I put on my little black one piece bathing suit (hey, everything looks to small when you try to fit size 38 GG udders into it!) and headed down to the pool. 

The hot tub was nice and bubbly and just what I needed to relax. The pool was somewhat busy with kids and teenagers being loud and obnoxious but I had the hot tub all to myself. After a bit, a younger couple, probably early 30s came and got in. They were nice and we had some friendly chit chat about the hotel and why they were visiting the city. I kept noticing the man stealing glances at my tits when his wife wasn't looking. I'm used to this by now and it doesn't bother me in the least. I get it, they're huge. Take all your mental pictures then shoot a big load for the memory later. He was cute, full head of hair, slim but not too athletic, probably an occasional runner. But the poor thing probably hadn't been out in the sun with his shirt off in a few years. 

I kept adjusting my suit just to make sure I wasn't giving them a show and I noticed he was careful to keep his eyes on them when I did, hoping to see as much as he could when he could. His wife hopped out to reset the jet timer and I saw my chance for a little fun. I adjusted my suit again, this time pulling the cups enough to let both my nipples pop out momentarily. I heard him gasp quietly and catch his breath mid swallow. Knowing he had given himself up he quickly looked up at me to see if I'd noticed. I saw my opportunity...I locked eyes with him, winked and gave him my best "I wanna fuck you" smile. He turned bright red and looked away just in time to see his wife hopping back in. She told him he looked like he was turning red from the heat and that they should probably get out, so we exchanged our "nice to meet you's" and they got back in the pool for a bit before drying off and going back up to their room. 

I assumed that would be my fun for the night, I had gotten my tease in and nothing would come of it. I'm almost 54 years old so I know my place in this world. The best guys you can fuck are single and between 22 and 30, double points if they are virgins! After they're married and over 30 there's usually too much drama and expectation to make it fun, and fun's the only thing I'm looking for these days. But I was in for a surprise. 

After about 20 minutes and a couple back and forths between the pool and the hot tub for me, guess who shows back up. He comes back down and gets back in the hot tub. I asked him where his wife was and he said that she had gone to bed. 

"So you decided to come back for another swim by yourself?" I asked him. He said he was supposed to be getting ice. 

And here it was: he had left his sleeping wife to come back down and take his chances on this big titted cougar he had always fantasized about. Was I surprised? Hardly. Men have done much more audacious things to get in my pants. But it was ballsy none the less, and I respected and was a little turned on by the bravado. 

"You know I caught you looking earlier" I said. 

He nodded, somewhat sheepishly. He was brave, but still nervous as hell. I could tell he knew he was taking a risk and was wondering what if any payoff might be worth it. 

"Come sit beside me" I said. 

He slid over next to me and I turned toward him and rested my arm on the side of the hot tub behind him, sliding my breasts against his body just under the surface of the water. I rested my hand on his thigh as close to his crotch as I could without making contact and asked him what was next in his daring plan. He said he hadn't thought that far ahead and we both laughed. I could tell he was starting to relax. I asked him if I was making him hard. 

"Why don't you check for yourself" he said. 

"My pleasure..." I walked my fingers up his leg and wrapped my fingers around his cock through his trunks. I swear I've never felt a cock so hard in all my years. Long and thick, I was guessing over eight inches. I could feel my pussy getting wet, even under the water.

By this time it was past 11pm and the pool area had cleared out. 

"Follow me" I said, and got out and led him by the hand into the sauna room. 

It was nice and steamy and my skin was tingling from all the excitement. He sat down on one of the benches and I kneeled between his legs and slid his shorts off. His cock was huge and leaning toward me with a slight curve. I've had them all shapes and sizes over the years. Sometimes it's nice to just get ploughed by a straight as an arrow man spear, but I love a cock with shape! If you work with it you can find some amazing ways for it to hit your pussy in places you never knew were there. Anyway, I slid the top of my suit down and let the girls free, lifting one to suck on a nipple while I stared up into his eyes. He was stroking himself and I made sure to watch closely, partly because I just love to see a man jerk off, but also because you can learn a lot about what gets a man off by watching how he gets himself off. I took into my hands and began licking the head softly, running my tongue along all the ridges and veins, letting my lips nibble here and there. He was breathing heavy and I could tell he wasn't going to last long. They usually don't when there's this much pent up anticipation. I took his balls in my hand and began massaging them slowly, and I slid the grip of my other hand down to the base of his cock where I knew it was less sensitive. 

"This is about fulfilling your fantasy honey, no need to impress me with your stamina, I just want you to let go and let me take care of you." I said gently between kisses along the shaft.

He nodded and sighed softly, still breathing deeply. 

"Just tell me where you want to cum and how you want me to get you there." He managed to get out that he wanted to cum on my tits-no surprise there-and that he wanted me to do it with my mouth. 

"Ok, just tell me when your close." 

With that I dove for it, taking him deep into my throat, pumping him in and out, my big lips gripped tight so I could feel each veiny ridge vibrate across them. My wet blonde hair was flopping and raking across his tummy. I had his leg pressed between my tits and I could feel him pushing his toes against my pussy. I slid his balls further into my hand so I could slide a finger underneath and begin circling the rim of his asshole. He moaned loudly and I knew he was loving it. I was starting to taste the warm saltines of his precum on my lips and I knew he was getting close, probably closer than he realized. I started massaging the underside of his shaft with my tongue and I could feel his balls tightening in my hand. He let out a cracked "oh god!" and I knew there was no turning back. I pulled his cock out of my mouth and slid it down the front of my bathing suit and locked my tits around it with my arms all the way up to his balls. This made him lean forward just in time for me to tilt my head up and smash my lips against his, letting my tongue plunge as far as I could push it into his throat. He growled deeply and I felt the high pressure spurt of his load as his cock pulsed between my tits and felt the warm stickiness of his cum gush down the inside of my swimsuit and pool on my pussy. I released my arms and let his cock pop up out of my suit just in time to take a second shot to the chin and let a third splash on my chest. I started stoking again and he kept cumming, milking it onto my nipples and between my breasts. I took him back into my mouth and sucked hard, trying to pull ever last drop out and down my throat. He was breathing so hard and sweating so much from the heat of the sauna I though he might pass out. 

I finished stroking him, making sure I had gotten all his cum, and then slowly pulled his shorts back on to him. I led him back to the pool where we both cooled of and got clean. 

He begged me to let him come back to my room and spend the night but I convinced him to go back to his wife before he got us both in trouble. We exchanged numbers, and then the next morning I saw him checking out as I was getting breakfast. His wife was with him and he glanced over at me in the line. He had this awful look of shame like I was expecting for him to come and talk to me or something...oh children! I smiled and winked and shook my head to tell him I wasn't expecting anything. He smiled beautifully and winked back. 

And that was it, never spoke to him again. I like to think that he still thinks of me late at night or in the shower when it's all steamy and he's jerking off. But maybe not, and if not who cares. I got what I wanted which was a hot load and a little distraction, and hopefully he got a little excitement as well!