 Becca's body glistened with a light sweat as she straddled Al, her "patient." Her hand was on his semi-hard shaft, rubbing it back and forth between her pussy lips, still dripping wet from her earlier orgasm. Al's cock was still slick from being in Becca's mouth just moments earlier when she swallowed the cum from his pulsating orgasm.

His breaths were still at a quickened pace, but he was beginning to regain his composure. Becca, meanwhile, was busy working Al's tool, which was getting harder with each stroke. Even Al was surprised at how quickly he had been able to recover. Then again, it had been a long time since he had had such a gorgeous and randy woman on top of him, completely naked and on the verge of fucking him senseless. The scene almost demanded that he get hard again ... immediately.

It was warm and wet between Becca's lips and the patient could feel her juices slowly running down his cock before being spread around by the nurse's hand as she continued to massage his dick. 

Then, just as she was getting into a good rhythm, she leaned forward and placed her left hand down on the bed near Al's head. His cock firmly in her hand, she squeezed gently and then guided it between her legs, past her wet and swollen lips until Al could feel the warmth of her pussy encompass his dick. Becca's eyes rolled slowly back in her head as she eased herself down on his manhood. She let out a pleasant and longing moan.

With this strange man's cock buried deep inside her, she lowered herself down, her glistening breasts pressing firmly against his chest. She placed her elbows on either side of Al's head and whispered into his ear, "I'm going to fuck you nice and slow ... and I want you to touch me with your hands, feel me all over..." Al obliged.

His hands started at her thighs and glided slowly up to her hips. She had already begun to rock back and forth, pausing briefly each time Al's dick was in as far as it could go. At that point, she would tighten her muscles around his shaft, which enhanced the sensation for both. 

Al's hands continued to roam Becca's body, up her sides, all over her back. Her intoxicating sweat covering every inch of her body. Finally, his hands reached the sides of her ample breasts, still firmly pressed against his chest. She raised herself up just enough to allow him access to all of her tits. Her nipples were firm and begging to be pinched, bitten and licked.

Becca was still grinding slowly and methodically on Al's cock. He was so hot and bothered, he wanted to skip to the part where he fucks her nice and hard and then blows his load on her tits. But she was perfectly content to torture him all night long, his cock sliding in and out in perfect rhythm.

Almost as if he read Becca's mind, Al raised his head up and grabbed her breasts, one in each hand and immediately took one of her nipples into his mouth and assaulted it with his tongue. Becca gasped and then began to moan and breathe heavier. 

Al could tell that this was a major turn-on for the little redhead riding his cock, so he continued to swirl his tongue around her hard nipples, biting them just hard enough to make her dig her nails into the sheets and bite her lower lip.

Apparently, the biting and licking of the breasts made Becca lose her rhythm because her pace quickened. Instead of slow and steady rocking, she began to ride Al's cock more aggressively.

Then, as if suddenly possessed, she reared up, placed her hands on his chest and stood up completely. Stunned, Al looked up at her as if to say, "did I do something wrong?" 

But before he could say a word, she dropped her ass right back down onto his lap, grabbed his cock with one hand and stuffed it back in her sopping wet pussy.

She leaned forward slightly and put her hands on his stomach for leverage and began bouncing up and down, slamming her pussy down hard on Al's cock. Her tits were bouncing violently as her breathing became heavier and she started gasping "Uh! Uh! Uh!" every time she impaled herself with Al's dick.

He could sense that she was getting close to her second orgasm of the evening, but he also knew that he was nowhere close to cumming ... and that was a good thing! So, he decided to take things up a notch in an effort to get Becca to scream with pleasure. 

He reached his hands under her legs and then wrapped them up and over on top of her thighs, near her hips, and began pulling her body down even harder onto his iron-like cock. 

Becca responded immediately - her body nearly gave way after a few particularly intense thrusts, but she kept going. With Al now keeping her balance, she grabbed her own breasts and began massaging them hard, pinching and pulling her nipples - she seemed to enjoy the twinges of self-inflicted pain ... it intensified the rapidly spreading warmth throughout her body each time Al plunged his rod deep inside her.

Becca was practically screaming with each thrust, barely able to keep her body from going limp from the sheer and intense pleasure she was experiencing. 

Then, almost as a relief, she screamed out, "OH GOD YES! I'M CUMMMING!" 

Her body, now drenched in sweat, shuddered and finally succumbed, crumpling forward onto Al, who continued to plow his cock deep inside her aching pussy, still tightening from the orgasm. 

Between breaths, she managed to gasp, "Sl-slow down - I'm - I'm too sensitive - uh - wow!"

He slowed down, and gently rolled her over onto her back, his pelvis still between her legs. She said, "I need a quick rest before you go back inside of me..." 

Al replied, "Oh, I'm not going back inside of you yet. I'm still hard as a rock and I'd love to put my cock between those beautiful tits." 

"So what are you waiting for? Bring that cock up there, but I'm not to blame if it accidentally slides into my mouth," Becca said with a wink.

He removed his shaft from her tender pussy and climbed up to her chest, his knees on either side of her glorious and slick breasts. He leaned forward and placed his cock between her tits, which she was squeezing together to create the pressure and friction to make this cock give up a second dose of what she craved. 

Unlike the last session, Al didn't waste any time with slow and steady strokes. No, he immediately began to slide his cock back and forth between her perfect tits. Juices of all kinds mixed together to create a slickness that would make any man's dick explode in a matter of seconds; her pussy juice and saliva, his precum, and sweat from both of their bodies made the valley of her breasts a virtual slip and side for Al's meat.

As his thrusts became longer and more sensation-filled, Becca leaned her head forward and opened her mouth so that at the apex of Al's thrust, she could get a good couple of inches in her mouth and quickly give it a good suck and lick. 

This damn near send Al over the top. But before he came, he wanted to feel her mouth sucking on his cock like he did earlier. 

He bypassed her breasts and lunged forward until his cock was over her mouth. She gobbled up his cock immediately with her mouth and started to massage his balls, aggressively, but gently. He could tell she was not new at this.

Becca wasn't giving Al a blow job so much as he was fucking her mouth with his cock. He wasn't overly big, just average, so she was more than capable of taking every thrust he delivered - he was just the right size. 

He continued to pump his swollen and ready-to-cum cock into her mouth until he felt the cum load up in the bottom of his shaft. He pulled his cock out of her now disappointed mouth and leaned back. Al grabbed his cock and began stroking it furiously over her tits.

"Are you going to cum all over my tits? Are you?!" Becca demanded more than she asked.

"I want you to cum all over my tits, but make sure you get some in my mouth, too, I wanna taste you again!"

Al obliged almost immediately as he quickly squeezed his cock at the base and the first shot of cum coated her chest, just above her tits and below her neck.

The next shot landed perfectly on her nipple, followed immediately by another blast to her chin and open mouth. 

Before he could fire off the last of his load, she lunged toward his cock, pushed his hand away and shoved it in her mouth and began to suck him off.

She wanted every last bit of cum he had in his cock. Al just leaned his head back and let loose the last of his load, which deposited in the back of Becca's throat before she greedily swallowed it down.

After a few more licks to his overly sensitive cock, Becca released Al so he could collapse next to her on the bed. The both laid motionless for several minutes, catching their breaths and collecting their thoughts. 

"Did that just happen?" they both asked themself silently. 

"Yes, it did ... and it was fucking awesome!" they both replied to themselves.

Then, as if reading from the same script, they looked at each other, grinned devilishly and said at the same time, "Shower?"

To be continued...