 Over the past two or three weeks, your sexual floodgates have opened. Kissing and making out has become common place. Twice over the past week, we've had mind blowing sex. Not the best ever but close. I've written about the best sexual encounter that we've had before. But that was before tonight...tonight, things changed. 

This was the hottest sex we've had, ever. It's because it ticked off a few things at the same time; it was flirty, it was sensual, it was romantic, it was sexy, it was rough, it was dirty, it was experimental. It was everything that we've done or wanted to do rolled into one hot, lusty night. I'm getting hard just thinking about it. I've always wanted to video us doing this, in fact last night I lamented that we didn't have a GoPro. But as you know, I'm a little bit weird. Written and aural get me going more than visual, so by writing this down, not only do we get to keep the memory of this super hot night, but we can relive it over as many times as we like.

Anyway, let's rewind back to the beginning. We'd been flirty and sexual the previous week which had lead up to this day. It all started in the morning. After we woke, we had a cuddle in the bed while the girls were in their room. I asked if you'd touch me a little before I had to leave. You responded by kissing and licking my hand and fingers like you used to do when we first got together. Kissing my fingers, your tongue darting between them. It's so suggestive and so sensual. Then you played with my nipples, because you know how much I love it. As you do this, you reach down between my legs and feel how hard I am through the thin material. Gently and lightly stroking up and down, running your nails over me for a few minutes. Lastly, you lean over and leave a hickey next to my left nipple. It was super sensual and such an awesome way to wake up. 

After a long tough morning of meetings, I came home to a full house. My newly married brother and his wife are there. Their friends, mum and dad, mums friends, aunty's, my sister, the kids, my best mate, everyone was there. In a house full of people, I meet you in the kitchen for a little kiss hello. Instead of just a kiss hello, you slip your tongue into my mouth and reach down between my legs and stroke me. "You're naughty!" I whisper. But you know I love it, and I know you love teasing me like that. 

It's a couple of hours later. The twins are in their cots for a nap, our oldest is on our bed watching videos. You push me around the corner and immediately go to town on me. Your hands are all over me and mine on you. Our lips lock hard, tongues darting in and out. I kiss you on your neck. For the third time today, your hands are in between my legs, stroking and rubbing me, hard. Nails dragging over my balls, tickling me. My hard cock is straining through my pants. Your hands are up under my shirt, again finding my nipples. We're just standing there in the hallway, kissing, licking, sucking, hands all over. 

I try to reach between your legs but you won't let me touch you.

"Are you wet?" I ask.

"Yes" you reply breathlessly. 

I love looking into your eyes as we do this. I can see the lust. I'm pretty sure things are going to heat up later, but I'd have no idea how much.

We stop kissing, and we're about to finish, but I can't get enough of you at this point. I grab you and push you up against the wall and we start again. My hands are all over you, stroking your boobs, in your hair. I love it. 

Again we finish and again, as you go to walk off I grab you, this time from behind. I knead your boobs through your clothes. You can feel my hard cock pressing into you from behind, and you push your butt back into me, moaning. We stay like this for a couple minutes more. 

A couple of hours later, and I'm lying on the couch watching basketball. You come in to get something to eat, but instead lower yourself on top of me, kissing me and touching my dick through my pants again. This is a brief encounter, but now I know for sure that you're hot and up for it tonight. 

It's late and the girls are in bed. I'm watching YouTube clips as you get into the shower. After a few minutes, you open the door and ask me to join you. Like a virgin, I hurriedly agree and take my clothes off. The water is so hot, so as I try to get used to it, you take handfuls and run it over my body. I put my head under the water, and you ask if I need to wash my hair. I do, so you take the shampoo, and I close my eyes as you wash my hair. The second time today to have such a relaxing sensual moment. Feeling your fingers and nails run over my scalp is divine. 

Once it's rinsed, we stand in the water as it cascades over us and kiss. But it's not long before your hands find their way back between my legs. Only this time there is no material in the way. You wrap your fingers around me and start jacking me off hard and fast. Your other hand is playing with my balls and we're still kissing. I go from playing with your boobs to resting my hands on the wall above your head to stop from squishing you with my weight. We stay like this for a few minutes. I'm so hard I could cut diamonds. 

I reach down between your legs and this time there is no resistance. You part them for me and I immediately find your clit. Your head tips back and you moan lightly. I start stroking up and down your pussy with my finger and you are super super wet with your own juices. It's no surprise, this has been building all day. Your hands stop as I take over, slipping a finger, sometimes two, into your wetness. "Mmmmm." You like it. Again, our tongues intertwine, our eyes closed. 

But then comes the truly hot part, we both open our eyes. We stare deep into each others eyes as you resume jacking my stiff cock while I plunge my fingers in and out of your pussy. After a couple of minutes of this, I tell you to get out while I finish washing myself. You turn around and slide open the door to get out. Instead, I grab your boobs from behind and pull you back into me. You shut the door, and I start to kneed your boobs, hard. I kiss you down the nape of your neck as your head drops back onto my shoulder. 

You're moaning loudly now. It's weird, because you've never really been a girl who likes your boobs played with like this. What surprises me even more, you then guide my fingers to your nipples. I start rolling them in my fingers and you moan again.

"Mmmmm...fuck" you whisper.

I can't believe how much you like this. I'm really playing with your boobs hard now, pinching your nipples, my cock pressing into your butt, my lips sucking on you where your shoulder meets your neck. Your hands are on my hands as I grope your boobs from behind...

It's now a few minutes later. You're sitting on the couch wrapped in your towel as I walk into the room, a towel around my waist. I turn the light off, leaving only the light of the TV to light the room. I lean over you to close the blind behind you, I don't need the neighbours to see anything! Although I probably wouldn't care. As I'm leaning over you, you reach up into my towel, grab my now semi-hard cock and starting jacking me off again. Quick smart, you pull my towel off. I'm now standing naked in front of you, fully hard. Your warm mouth close over me and my reaction is immediate.

"Oh babe, fuck. That feels so good! Mmmm baby..." 

Your head is bobbing up and down, slurping and sucking noisily and greedily on my stiff dick. Your hands are jacking me in-between as you take a breath, nails on my balls. All of a sudden your nose is pressed into my crotch as you take me deep, all the way down your throat.

"OH BABE, FUCK!" 

I can't control what I'm saying at this point. As you pull back I push in...you let me. So I start to thrust in and out, fucking your face. This is so hot, and it takes all my resolve not to want to fill your pretty mouth with my cum right then and there. Reluctantly, I stop you sucking on me, because I want to have some fun with you. 

I pull your towel off and push you back onto the seat. Holy cow! My next surprise. You've shaved your pussy completely bare! Not once in our 7 years of being married have you ever showed any interest in going bald, and I've never really cared. You've usually always stayed trimmed, but now you're completely bare. I'm lost for words, and your eyes are knowingly twinkling as you reveal your hidden surprise for me. This is soooo super hot. I don't know when you did this, but it must have been when I was out last night. I didn't even notice in the shower but I sure notice now! I lightly touch your now bare pussy. You are wetter than you've ever been before. 

Instead of leaning back on the sofa, you decided to lie down to get more comfortable. I start stroking lightly up and down.

"Oh shit...mmmmm...oh baby...fuuuuuck."

You never used to be into dirty talk, and to be honest neither did I. You never talk like this in real day to day life! And that's what makes hearing these words come out of your mouth so hot. 

I still can't believe how wet you are! And tonight it's different, it's slightly sweet and sticky and gooey in a yummy yummy way. I know it is because I lean down and flick your clit with my tongue.

"FUCK!"

I'm guessing you like that. I start licking from the bottom of your pussy to the top and start dipping a finger in and out too. Your eyes are closed and your head is tipped back in ecstasy. Then I decide to try something that we did for the first time only 3 nights ago. Something you told me we'd never do...I lick your backdoor. I knew you would have cleaned in the shower, and I know your body by now. When we did it the other night, you loved it. And the second time around the result is no different.

"Oh shit baby, yes, that feels so good!"

I rim you good, and then lick back up your pussy to your clit. Then I dip my finger back into your soaking wetness and do something that again, you once said you'd never do. We still don't do it very often...I push it into your backdoor. You moan as I push it in, and to make it feel even better, I go back to licking and sucking your clit.

"Oh yeah baby, fuck it! Fuck me in the arse!"

Hearing words like that almost make me blow my load right then and there. But because its still something we don't do often, I just keep it to one finger. Again, the other night was only the second time that I'd actually fucked you in the arse with my cock. This time, it's my finger, as I bury my face into your cunt. You grab my head and hold it there as I slurp up your sweet juices. I suck on your clit and you become a dripping moaning hot mess. 

I take my finger out your arse and my face out of your pussy. You're so close to cumming. I decide to go for three points of pleasure to really push you over the edge. I slip two fingers back into your dripping cunt, my lips seal around your clit and my other hand starts to massage a boob, tweaking your nipple.

"Fuck yes baby, oh yeah that's so good. Oh oh oh...shit...motherfucker! yes! FUCK YES!"

Your teeth are clenched. "YES YES YES."

Your head tips back. "OOOOHHHH..." 

This is where you usually grit your teeth and hold it in...but tonight has been different, so why not cum differently? You unleash. The neighbours probably hear you as you cum, screaming out loud. How the girls don't wake up I'll never know, but this was a raw, primal scream.

"AAAAHHHHHH...YEEESSSSSSSSS...FUUUUUCCCCCKKKKK!"

You're bucking your hips into my face, your pussy contracting around my fingers, your hand pushing mine into your left boob, your other hand squeezing your other boob. 

I come up for air and to give you a break. You're breathing so heavily. My face is literally drenched. Luckily for me, your towel is underneath you. I grab the end out and wipe my face down. I only let you have a quick reprieve because as I said before, I know your body. You need about a minute before you're ready to go again. If I leave it too long, you come down to far to want to go again. 

This time I try something that again, we've only done one or twice. I wrap my left hand around your throat and squeeze as my fingers slip into you again. You're moaning "Mmmmm".

I want to do this cause it's hot, but I don't want to hurt you in a bad way. I just want to hurt you good.

"Baby, tap my arm if you need me to let go ok?" You nod. Then I try something we've never done before. I decide to tell you first.

"I've read that sometimes, women find it hot when they have their pussy slapped." Before you can say anything I slap down on it. "MMM!" You jump slightly, as electricity jolts through you.

I dip my fingers back into your pussy, my other hand still squeezing, choking you. Out come my fingers, I run them back up your bald pussy, and slap it again, harder.

"Fuck!" Your eyes are closed, but I can see you love it. Slap! Slap! Slap! It only makes you wetter. I make sure to alternate between squeezing and releasing your throat. Like I said, I want to make it hurt good, not reenact a bad porno. 

I never thought that you'd be the girl who liked all this stuff. You've always known that I've always been adventurous and wanting to try new things. Mostly because I've always had a high sex drive, and also because you're the only girl I've ever slept with. I've never experimented, but with you it seems that this last week, I've been able to do all the experimenting I want. But for now, it's time to end the torture. 

I start finger fucking you in earnest. Pumping in and out with two fingers. Your hands find their way down to your clit and start furiously rubbing. You've always been a girl who can come with just clit or just g spot stimulation, but you love it when can have both. You also seem to love it more with my hand choking you.

"Motherfucker...shit...mmm fuck...yes baby, yes...FUCK! YES BABY! FUUUCCCCCKKKKK!!"

You're basically screaming again, even louder than before. I'm fully convinced the neighbours can hear you and I love it. I guess there is a little exhibitionist in me after all. Yet again, you fall apart around me. 

I stand up and make you slide backwards a little. I've been pleasuring you so long I've gone semi-soft. I start to stroke myself to get hard again. It doesn't take long. You mumble to me "Mmm baby, I think I'm a little bit dry now." I reach down and stroke you a couple of times. "Oh ok, I guess not then!" 

For the first time tonight, I slide my rock hard cock into your pussy. There is no trying for a fancy sexual position. This has been a long time coming, this is straight boy on girl missionary style fucking. My right hand reaches up to grab the back of the couch. My left hand goes back around your throat. I squeeze a little harder this time and instead of tapping my arm like I think you might, you reach up and put your hand on top of mine and make me squeeze harder. So. Fucking. Hot. 

By this time, we're both lost as we fuck hard and fast. I'm pounding in and out of you. We both adjust ourselves, and all of a sudden I'm going deeper and my crotch is hitting your clit on each thrust. We both hate condoms, but it's times like this we probably need them, because I know I'm not going to last long.

"Yes baby yes! Fuck me baby!"

You know that dirty talk drives me over the edge. I can't help it and I tell you "baby, I'm going to cum. I'm going to cum." 

The next words of your mouth are "Inside me?" but I know what you mean. It's both a question and a statement. It's a question because you're not on the pill, I'm not wearing a condom and we don't want you to get pregnant. You're questioning why I'd do that. But it's a statement because you want me to cum in you. I know you want it, you love it when I fill you, when I shoot my cum deep into your pussy.

But somehow I manage to not lose my head completely and pull out, shooting my cum all over your pussy and the towel beneath you. "That was so hot!" you say, before clarifying, "I mean your cum. It was like super hot shooting on me!" We both laughed, then took a moment to catch our breath. 

It was such a hot, steamy, sexy night. There are things we ticked of the sex bucket list tonight and this week that at one stage I thought would remain a fantasy. Some things will become standard, some things will be every now and then but I don't think anything will drop off. The bonus? There are other things that you'll be open to trying now and I can't wait to try them with you. I've always been conscious of making sure that the things we try bring us both pleasure and like I said before, don't fall into the realm of trying to reenact a porno. I've always seen your pleasure in sex as a fundamental. I get more from getting you off than I do getting myself off. It's an attitude like this that brings us the trust we have in each other when it comes to sex.  

I can't wait to explore more with you. I love you. x