 "You're sure you're okay, babe?" Kaitlin asked, the concern in her voice clear.

"Yeah, I'll be fine," I replied, eyes shut as I did my best to focus on the call. "I'm just a little under the weather, I should be fine in no time."

"You just normally hate missing work, even when you're sick."

"Well, I don't know what to say, just felt safe not to risk it, you know?" I explained, gripping the arm of my desk chair tight with my free hand. "Better to miss one day than risk getting sicker and miss a bunch, right?"

"I always tell you that, but you never listen," Kaitlin said, a slight giggle in her voice. "If you're sure you don't want me to come back home and take care of you."

"N-no," I stuttered, biting the inside of my lip. "I'll be fine. Worst case, Brittany's still here. I can ask her if I need anything."

"Look at me."

The order came with the sudden stop of pleasure, my dick hit with a breeze of cool air. As commanded, I opened my eyes and looked down. I was naked, slumped down in my home office chair to allow the busty brunette between my legs easier access to my member. Brittany smirked up at me, still gripping the base of my dick as she let her mouth hover inches from my head. As soon as our eyes met, she winked at me. "Keep your eyes on me, Colin."

"See, she's not always bad to have around," Kaitlin said, not noticing - or not commenting - on the slight hitch in my voice as I reacted to Brittany retaking my entire length into her throat. God, I hoped she didn't hear that gagging either. "You two don't always get along, but I'm sure she'll take care of you."

"Yeah, I'm sure she will," Colin said, voice barely a whisper as he watched Brittany bob up and down his dick, her eyes locked on his. Fuck, he was close, and she clearly knew it as her hand began to gently play with his balls. "Anyway, I should... let you go."

I felt Brittany speed up. Fuck.

"I love you, Colin."

"I... love you... too, babe," I said, doing my best to keep composed as Brittany slammed herself down, nose hitting my pubic hairs as she lodged all ten inches of me inside of her greedy throat; all the while, her eyes were still locked on mine. It was too much, and I didn't even try to say a further goodbye to my wife as I ended the call and threw the phone onto my desk.

"Oh, fuck, Brit!" I yelled with a groan, grabbing Brittany's head and holding it tight against my groin as my orgasm hit. My hips lifted off of the chair as I began to fire my load deep down Brittany's throat, her eyes watering but still staring up at me, daring me to keep dumping my seed inside of her. She continued to gag and sputter as best she could as I fucked her face slightly, enjoying the forbidden pleasure of her willing, welcoming throat.

"Fuck..." I gasped out, finally spent and collapsing back into my chair. With a ragged breath, Brittany pulled herself off me. The sight of that was its own twisted pleasure, Brittany panting for breath as she remained attached to me by thick lines of saliva, cum leaking down her face. "God... can't believe Kaitlin called right then."

"Oh, it's no surprise," Brittany said, wiping cum and spit back into her mouth. "I texted her that she should check in with you right before we started."

"You bitch," I said, but my heart wasn't in it. Oh, I should have been mad at her, her recklessness once again putting us at risk of being caught, but I couldn't deny it was worth it; it was the best orgasm I'd had all week.

And Brittany was doing nothing but things that risked us getting caught. A few days ago, she'd joined me in the shower while Kaitlin was on a run. The previous night, she'd snuck into our bedroom and jerked me off while Kaitlin slept only a few feet away. Even now, she was dressed in some of Kaitlin's lingerie, her tits literally bursting out of the front of the red mesh material.

But like her gagging on my cock while I was on the phone with my wife, it was all worth it. Brittany was giving me the best sex of my life, and the risk was a major part of why it was so fucking hot. Some part of me fought off the guilt by rationalizing that she was blackmailing me, but that didn't justify how much I enjoyed it, how she hadn't even had to bring up the picture of us together once since taking it. When she asked, I was more than happy to give.

She knew it, too, just how much I wanted her. The demand to call her Mistress hadn't come into play again - though I still called her it on occasion - because the fact that I belonged to her went unspoken. While I hated her as a person more than ever, I worshipped her body.

"Come on," Brittany said, standing and walking towards the stairs without looking at me. "I think we should be more comfortable for this next part." She glanced back at me, a smile on her still-glistening lips. "No place better for fucking than your marital bed, right?"

She'd get no argument from me, dick already hardening at the thought of being inside her again.

*****

"Mmmmm, whose dick is this, baby?"

"Yours, Brit," I grunted, thrusting my hips up as best I could to meet her as she slammed back down onto me. We were both naked now, and Brittany was straddling my hips, riding me cowgirl. "This dick is made for fucking you."

"Yes, it is," Brittany said with a moan, slamming herself down onto me again. Up and down she went, her tight pussy riding my dick, massive tits bouncing as she did. "This is the best pussy you've ever had, isn't it? Why would you need anything else?"

"God, yes," I eagerly agreed, my hips colliding with hers over and over as I gripped her hips. "You're the tightest, hottest woman I've ever been with, Mistress."

"Yes, I am your mistress, aren't I?" Brittany said, leaning her body down onto me while continuing to move her hips up and down. Her tits came to rest against my chest, and she brushed her hair out of her face to stare into my eyes, a wicked smile on her face. "Skipping work to fuck me while your wife is out? What a naughty boy. You must really love what I give you."

"You're not going to be here much longer," I said, wrapping my arms around her. With her bent over, it was easier for me to start fucking her in earnest, thrusting up into her tight snatch. "I'm going to enjoy this while I can."

"Good boy," Brittany said with a pant, her breathing picking up a bit. Her hips began to move more desperately, less controlled, and I smiled at the realization she was drawing close to her own orgasm; it only egged me on faster. "Yes, give me that dick." 

"This is why you took that picture, isn't it?" I whispered into her ear, kissing her neck between questions. "It wasn't just to stay here longer. No, you wanted to make sure you got a chance to ride this dick proper?"

"Yes," Brittany moaned, her eyes shut as she began to breath faster.

"Just a naughty slut that needed a hard fucking, even if it meant screwing her best friend's husband. Because you love this big dick, don't you?"

"God, keep going," Brittany commanded, grinding her pussy into my thrusting cock. "Give me that big dick I crave."

"Yeah you do," I said, gripping her closer to me. Slowly, I planted my feet against the bed. "You're just like me. You don't care what this might do to Kaitlin because it's so good. You like being my slut."

"Mmm, yes," Brittany moaned, suckling at my neck, probably harder than she should've. Not that I gave a fuck at that moment. "What else matters when you can have it this good, right? When you can cum... on that married... d-dick... oh!"

I smirked as I flipped her, always happy to take Brittany off-guard when I could. Her tits jiggled wildly as she landed, but I focused on pulling her legs up, pinning them back as I used the new angle to drive into her even harder.

"Shit!" Brittany shouted, yanking hard at the covers on either side of her. "Oh, yes, ravage that pussy! Put it right where it belongs in that... t-tight... fuck!"

Brittany's face twisted in pleasure as the orgasm hit her, eyes rolling back in her head as she let out a moan that was as much guttural pleasure as it was a hitching laugh. Her body spasmed under me, and her already tight pussy clamped even harder on my dick, massaging it with each thrust. The intensity of it all egged me on, pushing me near the edge as I pounded into her.

"Yes, baby... keep going..." Brittany moaned, reaching between her legs to rapidly flick her clit as I fucked her. "Your mistress needs her cum." She ran her free hand along the smooth expanse of her stomach and over her tits. "Show me how much you love my body."

"As you wish!" I yelled, pulling out of her and immediately starting to stroke myself. Brittany continued to masturbate as I orgasmed, shooting streaks of cum across her stomach, onto her arm, and even up onto her tits. I kept stroking furiously, pushing it to last as long as possible as I painted her toned, panting body.

"Fuck, yes!" Brittany shouted, thighs trembling as she came again, one hand masturbating, the other running through the cum on her stomach. "So good..."

"Yeah it was," I said, collapsing onto the bed next to her. "It always is."

"I bet I can find a way to make it even better."

"And how's that?"

"You'll see, Colin," Brittany said, sliding off the bed, paying no mind to the way cum began to trickle down her body as she made her way to the bathroom.

I laid back for a moment, letting myself enjoy a moment's rest, before hoping up and following Brittany to the shower.

*****

BRITTANY

I picked up the dry cleaning while I was out, you're good!! xoxo

That was the text I'd received from Brittany a few hours after getting a message from Kaitlin asking me to pick the dry cleaning up in the first place. I glanced at it again as I got out of my car, surprised Brittany would do anything so helpful. But it meant getting home earlier, so I didn't care.

As I slipped into the house, setting my phone on the table by the door, I was struck by how quiet it was. I looked through the main hall, noticing that the kitchen was empty and that I couldn't hear the TV in the living room. I was about to call out, when I finally did hear something. Something low and familiar.

A moan. And it was coming from upstairs.

Immediately, I was light-headed, confused and aroused at the same time. I slowly made my way up the stairs, doing my best to keep as quiet as possible. My blood was pumping fast, my breathing picking up despite my best attempts. Because I'd heard Brittany moan and mewl a lot in the past week, and that wasn't the sound that was growing louder as I approached my open bedroom door.

It was Kaitlin.

As I stepped into the bedroom door, what was raging through my head was confirmed, the image brought to life. My wife sat at the edge of our bed completely nude, her legs wrapped around Brittany's head as her best friend ate her out.

"Fuck, yes," Kaitlin moaned, eyes shut tight as she held Brittany's head tightly, pushing her to go harder. "God, fuck, it's been too many years, baby. God."

"Holy shit," I muttered, a whisper, but loudly enough for Kaitlin's eyes to snap open. If Brittany noticed, she didn't show it, instead continuing to eat my wife's pussy. Kaitlin and my eyes met, and for a moment, all the air left the room, both of us frozen.

Until Kaitlin's eyes rolled back and she let out a scream.

"Oh, fuuuuck!" Kaitlin's entire body convulsed, the sight of her orgasming one I was familiar with. She nearly doubled over, her tits shaking as she trembled, Brittany still going, harder even, pushing Kaitlin's pleasure to greater heights. Kaitlin, still trembling and shaking, recovered enough to look at me, only the slightest built of guilt showing through all the pleasure, before she finally collapsed back onto the bed.

"Love you, babe," Brittany said, kissing my wife on the thighs before looking back to me; there again, now glistening with my wife's juices, was that smug smirk. "See, Colin? Told you it could get better."