 PART 2 - TET HOLIDAY

1. MORE SHENANIGANS

It was January now, and the Lunar New Year holiday was nearing. Tuyet would come back home for about three weeks, and we had already talked about seeing each other. She suggested going to my fantasy coffee shop first, the one where I had wanted to take her after our Tuesday lunches, back last summer.

There would be a lot to talk about. I wasn't sure if I would divulge all the details of my affair with Nguyet, which had stopped during our—Tuyet's and mine—summer of love. As Tuyet was in college, though, Nguyet and I had some beautiful afternoons (and one night) together again. I told myself to keep the two affairs separate for now. Not that either of the two could be overly jealous—after all, we all knew it was an affair—but those intimate moments we shared were too precious to be talked about at this point, I thought.

Tuyet had sex at college, too; she had mentioned an older student who was like a tutor or the leader of a study group. Of course, I was gonna ask her more about the whole thing, and perhaps then I would share some of the details of my fling with Nguyet. I was pretty sure Tuyet would dig the threesome and foursome stories.

Tuyet texted me the day after she had arrived, and we agreed to go to the older, secluded coffee shop that had a modest hotel across from it. I requested she wear the grey tailored dress, as I had jerked off to the image of her sitting there wearing that dress—of course with no underwear. She texted me back that she loved how much things were still the same. I had no doubt that she would want to take off her panties at some point—perhaps we would remember to take them this time. Then we would go across the little alley and just fuck each other senseless.

I arrived first and waited for her in the small parking lot, as it was separated from the rest of the café by some bushes. I smoked a cigarette and waved at her to park here, too. She was wearing the large copper-colored shorts, though, together with a white T-shirt and a white bra—the same outfit she wore on the day we went to the old house, when it all had started, about seven months ago. We kissed, as no one could really see us, and picked a table at the other end. The café was rather empty, as people were preparing for the biggest holiday of the year.

Anyway, she looked hot. As she was walking in front of me, I saw her butt swinging inside her shorts. She didn't seem to have changed; she hadn't put on weight or anything. She could have, though, as slender as she was. Her hair was rather short, but still in a ponytail, which was held together by a cute little hairclip with flowers. I could barely contain my urge to caress her butt through the shorts or kiss her again. With the café being as empty as it was, I was sure we could get some action going in the back here.

"You look beautiful. Just the way I remembered you," I began.

"Thanks," she smiled. "You look good too, like you lost a little weight."

Naturally, I was flattered. I didn't really know what to say, so I asked her about college.

"Oh, you know," she began, "You've been to university. You know what it is like."

"Well, that was 25 years ago in Europe and then in the U.S.," I reminded her. "I'm sure there's something that's different now, here in Vietnam, in 2019. Tell me about your classes and the people you've met."

I just wanted to look at her and soak in her beauty, and after she had been reluctant to talk, she got the ball rolling. I learned everything about the science classes she was taking and her roommate, who was from a small town close to ours. 

"Did you stroke some dick again?" I asked to spice up the conversation.

"No. I mean, yes, but not like in high school. In college, pretty much everyone fucks if they have a boyfriend or girlfriend," she told me.

"So, who's your boyfriend?" I wasn't jealous but I wanted her to talk about sex some more. 

She crossed her legs and got out of her shoes. "He's a few years older, like 26, and already in the master's program. He's teaching one of those seminars where you follow up on the lecture content."

"And after a few sessions, he asked you out?"

"No, we went to my room right after one of those seminars. I knew my roommate wouldn't be there, so I took advantage of the opportunity. He had made me hot the whole time in class, when he was looking over my shoulder, breathing at my neck, and helping me. I also knew my roommate had condoms in the drawer."

"Ha! What about you? You bought some too for the next time?" I wanted to make sure.

"Yeah, of course. We only fuck with condoms. I can't wait to fuck without one today," she asserted.

"I've got a hard-on already."

Which wasn't quite true. My dick was pumping itself up, but it didn't hurt yet. I actually wanted to sit here for another while, so we ordered another round of coffee. Tuyet excused herself and I lit another cigarette.

She didn't have her panties in her hand when she came back, but she grinned somewhat mischievously. One pocket was bulging a little. She sat back down but didn't cross her legs again. I pretended to be completely oblivious.

"So, how's sex with the dude?" I ask to keep the momentum. 

"Pretty good. It's tender sometimes, and sometimes rough. But he cares that I like it too," she assured me.

"Well, that's good. Have your parents ever said anything about last summer?" I asked.

"Not really. They never asked directly, at least. I think our relationship has changed anyway, now that I'm almost 19 and have moved out. They treat me more like an adult," she added.

She spread her legs a little and they were nicely squeezed from below. I could see all the way up, but her shorts were still blocking the view of her pussy. She caught me looking in the direction, smiled, and put one leg up on her chair. As no one gave a rat's ass that we were there or what we were doing, I moved closer. I liked seeing her bra and her heaving little titties.

"Flash your tits!" I said.

As she could not see what went on behind her, I assured her that no one was watching.

"Only if you show me your dick," was her response.

In some way, that was fair but the way I was sitting, someone could actually see it. "I can't whip my dick out here," I cautioned.

"Only the tip. For a second. And it's blocked by the table," she begged.

I opened my fly slowly and also the button at the top. I reached inside my underwear with both thumbs, pulled it down an inch, and let my glans greet her. She blushed a little and smiled.

"Nice. There it is. I haven't seen it for so long." Seeing my dick really seemed to make her happy. I tucked it away again, as she would soon have another chance to look at it more carefully.

"Now you!" I requested.

She reached under her T-shirt and opened her bra, which seemed to be really tight fitting. She held the bottom seam of her T-shirt and lifted it up. I saw one titty first, with a perfect little pink nipple, and then she let the other out as well. It was good seeing them again. My dick was ready to jump and as my pants were still open, I got it back out, perhaps half of it.

"We gotta stop now. Otherwise, I'll just jump on you right here," I told her.

As she lowered her shirt and closed her bra again, I moved very close and reached inside her shorts between her legs. My middle and index finger were holding on to the fabric inside, while my thumb was meeting them outside. When I pushed my hand another half-an-inch towards her pussy, I could feel her hair on the back of my fingers. I rubbed her pussy a little bit with the back of my fingers and picked up some sticky juice. I moved the material over and rubbed it a little more. I licked her juice off my fingers and went in again for some more. 

As she seemed to be itching, I asked to move on. "Shall we just go across there?" I was sure she had seen the hotel on her way in. 

"Isn't that part of your fantasy?" she asked.

"Well, that was half-a-year ago. And you aren't wearing the grey dress anyway. We could also go to another hotel but, before we forget: When did you have your last period?" I had to get that out of the way.

"it's supposed to start later this week. Like in two or three days. So, it's okay today, and it'll be again next week."

"I wouldn't mind period sex, as you know."

"Yeah, I know, but it's the New Year, so we won't be able to meet for a few days anyway," she said.

We paid up, moseyed over to the hotel, and checked in. They seemed used to seeing couples who needed a room for a few hours. Maybe not such a young woman with a foreigner, though. Anyway, we had calmed down somewhat and were chatting and giggling all the way. When we got inside the room, which was as basic as I had imagined it, we just took our clothes off. I watched her and, yes, her little tits were rounder now. Well, she was still growing up. 

"I like your breasts. I loved the perky ones too, but they always looked like a much younger girl's. Have you noticed the difference?" I asked.

"Yeah, all my bras are too small now. You just saw how tight the one I'm wearing is. That bra was here in my bedroom the whole time but when I put it on today, it almost didn't fit." 

"Well, you're becoming a woman," was all I could say.

She smiled and was just standing there. Her young body offered the most graceful sight. Her pussy was nicely moist when I reached for it. I asked what she wanted to do.

"Nothing rough. I just wanna take your dick in and maybe talk a little more."

We lied down; she on top of me, as I was so much heavier. She propped herself up one more time to take my dick in, but then she fell back onto me. Her face was near mine and we were just lying there. Neither of us was thrusting yet. My dick felt like it was still swelling inside her.

"What positions do you do it in, nowadays?" I wanted to know.

"Missionary or doggy-style."

"Which do you like better?"

"I like both, I guess it depends on my mood. Maybe missionary is better, in the end, because I can see the guy. But sometimes, it feels cool to just stick your ass out and get fucked."

"Your roommate has a boyfriend too, since she has condoms in her drawer?"

"Well, she had a boyfriend right away, but they've split up. Once they fucked when they thought I was asleep. It was kinda quiet, but I could still hear them. It made me think of you," she added.

"I also think of you sometimes, especially when I pass places we have been to together," I told her.

As nice as it was to have my dick rest inside her, I finally grabbed her butt cheeks and started moving them up and down on my dick. She propped herself up on her hands and began thrusting herself. Soon, we were panting, and our bodies were heaving. I watched her delicious rounder breasts as they were wobbling in front of my face. I fondled and squeezed them, while her thrusting became faster. I asked if she wanted to change positions. She thought about it for a moment and then got off me and lied down on her back.

"Now, fuck me, yes," she moaned quietly with her eyes already closed.

I got on my knees and maneuvered her 90-pound-frame so that my dick was at the entrance of her pussy. Her legs were wide spread. I held on to her hipbone area and pulled her over my dick, which slipped in effortlessly. The pounding she had received over the last few months must had widened her sheath. I started thrusting and remembered the night I had deflowered her. She was queeving again, and we laughed.

"Oh, my God, a dick without condom inside me," she yelled. "Pound me, fuck me, don't stop!" she exclaimed with clenched teeth. Once in a while, she gasped and tossed her head to the side. I banged her for a few more minutes but then I just came unceremoniously but profusely. Once they palpitations had stopped, I rolled off and lied down next to her.

"That was just the beginning," I said still out of breath.

"What's next? Or are you thinking about the next time already?"

"Not today. Next time. But this was our first fuck after a long time, and I just wanted to come inside you without further ado. But it was good, of course."

"Where do you wanna do it next time?" she asked, while she was dipping her finger in the little puddle of cum at the tip of my dick.

"Well, let's see. The old house is sold, and we are at a hotel right now. The spot in the countryside, where we didn't do it last summer? Next to the two trees that look like an old couple?"

"That's a possibility."

"You'd have to wear your grey stretch dress, though," I insisted.

"I don't even know where that is. Do you wanna meet the others from the Tuesday lunches?" she asked now. She had her head on my shoulder and was playing with my chest hair. One of her legs was crossing mine.

"Well, I wouldn't wanna organize it, but if we get the gang together, that would be another chance for us to see each other," I agreed.

"The two of us could meet at my house once if my parents aren't there," she suggested.

The thought made me already hot, but wouldn't that mean crossing the line? But, then, she was no child anymore. She had a right to be sexually active. However, did I want to fuck her and risk accidentally bumping into her parents?

"I'd love to fuck you in your bedroom, yes," I said.

"Not just in the bedroom. We could do it anywhere." She seemed already have a plan. 

As I was still exhausted, I was more in a cautious mood: "What if they see me there? Your dad's doctor. What if he gets an emergency call and comes back to the house?"

"Why would he? If they go to another town, they'll stay here. There are other doctors on call that day. They won't come back unannounced," she assured me.

"Ok. We'll see. Sit on my chest a little bit," I suggested, as I hadn't seen her pussy from very close yet.

She seemed glad to oblige. With her legs spread this wide, some cum came oozing from her pussy. She licked it off with her fingers and grinned.

"Doesn't taste great, does it?" I said.

"No, but if I don't lick it, it'll be in your chest hair," she explained.

She moved a little closer now, and as she was done cleaning her pussy, eating all that cum, I got a perfect view. Tucked under a perfect, dense bush, which was pretty large considering how young and hairless she was, and between how long, slender, white legs, her pussy looked at me like a vertical eye. I could see her pee hole below her clit. She was leaning back, relaxing and seemed to be waiting for further instructions. I had to go to work, though, so I just suggested taking a quick shower together, which passed pretty uneventfully.

We got dressed and left the hotel. We agreed to get in touch in a few days about our next adventure.