 I watched Maria sway her hips from side to side singing to herself in Spanish tossing clothes into the washer, the music blared from her headphones. I walked over taking in the sweet scent of her perfume. "Maria?" I asked putting my hand on her shoulder, she gasped grabbing my hand and moving swiftly kicking my legs out from under me. "AYE DIOS MIO! AYE SENOR! Oh I'm so sorry." She said getting down to me quickly, her voice heavy with an accent.

I placed my hand on the back of my head, looking up at her. "I didn't expect you home so soon senor." She said pulling me up into a sitting position looking at the back of my head.

"It's O.K. I'm sorry I startled you." I said looking at her. 

"The house, it's so big. I hear noise." She said pulling the headphones off her ears taking the MP3 player and tossing it on the basket full of clothes near the dryer. 

"Yea I know. When, you're alone you can start to hear stuff." I said. She stood, grabbing my wrist she attempted to help me up. 

"I am sorry senor." She said blushing looking around. 

"Really Maria it's Okay" I said touching her shoulder, she shivered lightly under my touch. 

"Ms. Kelly she call, said she be home late with mija." She shook me off, stepping back into the washer. "The clothes in the washer and I start on these." She said leaning down, I caught a great view of her round ass in those tight jeans that hugged her hips so nicely. 

"That's fine Maria." I said taking a step closer to her. She blushed and walked around me. As I watched her turn the corner, I felt the stirring in my pants begin bringing my dick to life.

I moved though the house looking over the things she had cleaned. Eyeing her light grey sweater on the couch, I made my way over. As I picked it up, looking the soft fleece material over, the soft scent of her perfume hit my nose. 

I had to have her.

I walked upstairs hearing her sing softly from Brianna's bedroom, I looked into the doorway watching her back to me. Short about 5'3, really short, soft brown skin hidden under that pair of low rise jeans that hugged her hips nicely. Long black hair with burgundy highlights set off the black tint of her hair. I watched her lean over... that ass, I wanted to have it, bend her over a table, hear her cry my name. 

She turned slowly. Not noticing me, she walked to the closet, swaying her head from side to side to the music that played into the buds in her ears. Her chest, while not as big as Kelly's, was perfect in it's own light. Soft full lips, clear complexion, and big, soft brown eyes a small nose and high cheek bones. "Oh senor... something wrong?" She asked startled, looking at me. Shaking my head as I walked into the room and sat on Brianna's bed. 

"Do you have a family?" I asked pulling out one of Brianna's shirts folding it slowly. 

"No senor... I mean my family but no children's." She said softly picking up hangers slipping dresses onto them and laying them next to me. 

"Do you want them?" I asked looking at her, her face softened as she shook her head yes.

"Many, I grew up in a big family." She said simply getting lost in her own thoughts. 

"Did you like Mexico?" I asked leaning back on my elbows.

She looked down at the clothes frowning. "It was okay. We come to this country to find a better life." She said pulling out more clothes from the basket folding them and placing them into drawers, she made her way back to the bed picking up the basket she looked at me for a second giving me that smile that seemed to melt everything around me. 

I stood following her from Brianna's bedroom into mine setting the basket down on the bed grabbing bigger hangers from the closet I shared with Kelly. I watched her walk back and forth carrying clothes. "I'm done senor, is there anything else you would like me to do?" She asked holding the basket on the side of her hip. I watched her intently as she walked towards me near the door. 

"Not that I can think of right now..." I replied. She shook her head yes, she timidly walked closer to me looking down at the ground. "Wait." I said as she stopped halfway out the door next to me, I looked down wrapping my arm around her 5'2 frame. 

"Senor." She gasped. Leaning down, I placed my lips on hers, licking the bottom. She opened her supple pink lips slowly. Slipping my tongue in, I quickly found her's, struggling with mine. The force so intoxicating that I could barely hear the soft thud of the basket as it hit the ground. A moan escaped her mouth into mine as I pushed her against the doorway, my hand running up her thigh over her stomach and onto her chest. Smiling inwardly as she flinched under my hand, I kneaded her softly, the kiss becoming more intense. 

Pulling away, I watched her eyes flutter open. Gliding my hand down her stomach slipping it up her shirt, grazing my hand across her bra clad breasts. 

"JOEY! I'M HOME!" Kelly yelled coming into the back door., 

Maria stiffened quickly and tried to get away from my hold on her chest. "Senor, please." She gasped feeling my finger wrap around her nipple and squeezed tightly. 

"HONEY! WHERE ARE YOU!?" Kelly yelled, her footsteps could be heard coming closer. 

"Please." Maria said again looking at the stairs, rubbing her tittie roughly, her face contorted in pleasure. 

"Joe, you upstairs?" Kelly asked her heels clicking on the hardwood. 

"Yea hon." I said letting go of Maria gently. She turned and grabbed the basket that she brought with her. 

"Oh hi Maria." Kelly said as she walked up to me kissing my cheek lightly. 

"Buenas tardes Senora." (Good Afternoon ma'am) Maria bowed her head slowly. 

"Are you heading out now?" Kelly asked again turning and started for the stairs, I reached over and pinched Maria's ass as she walked behind Kelly. 

"Si Senora, everything is finished." (Yes ma'am) Maria said shyly not looking up clutching the basket. 

"Great, so look I don't need you to come in tomorrow, maybe not Friday either, still not sure on that but I'll call you in case anything changes. Just plan on not being here and we'll see you Monday, I'll be home around 7:15 maybe 7:30 on Monday night as well and seeing as Joey can take care of himself you can leave around 5:30." Kelly continued walking into the kitchen. Maria nodded and placed the basket in her hands on the floor of the laundry room. "Great, we'll see you then." Kelly smiled and turned her back on Maria, she looked at me blushing a bright red. 

"Goodnight." She said walking away from me. 

"See you later Maria." I said hinting a hidden meaning behind it. I turned my attention back to my wife who stood behind me wearing a tight grey skirt, with a loose white blouse and a grey vest.

"Hi baby." I said wrapping my arms around her waist moving her with me slowly from side to side. 

"Hi." She said flatly. Frowning, I moved the hair from her neck, placing the soft kisses up her neck to just under her ear the most sensitive spot on her body. "Joe, stop." Annoyed she shrugged me off. 

"Kelly, come on, you work all day and when you come home I wanna spend time with you." I said moving back leaning on the counter behind me. 

"Now you know how I feel when you go into the studio or one tour. This is my job, I know you need some attention just let me get this account out of the way and I promise, we'll stay home." She said putting down the paperwork from the law firm she worked at in the city. 

"Fine." I groaned grabbing and apple and walked out of the kitchen.

Two months and not so much as a blow job, I thought, taking my shirt off and tossing it onto the floor of the closet. 

