 As always please let me know what you think. All comments good or bad are apprecieated. 

----------------------------------------------

As I sit here in the office trying to get through another boring day my mind wanders to yesterday. Now that was a day I will never forget. It all started as usual, me in my office waiting for the phone to ring. My mind off in a different place thinking of warm beaches and scantily clad ladies walking by.

The phone ringing startles me back to my dull office, as I pick it up I can hear woman's voice,

"Hello?" 

Hello I say,

"Is this the real estate office on Main?" 

Yes it is, may I help you? 

"Yes I would like to see the house over on Third Street if possible?"

The two story one with the hot tub in the back yard? I ask.

"Yes that's the one"

When would you like to see it?

"This afternoon if possible, say around 2pm?"

No problem I say as it's an empty listing.

I look at my watch and see I have 3 hours before the meeting and decide to go by the house to make sure its in showing condition. As I walk through I notice it's well kept and clean, nothing to do here I think to myself. I walk into the back yard and check the hot tub and decide to turn it on so that it gets hot and that the client can see it works. I leave and go get lunch (burgers again, damn).

Two o'clock rolls around and im sitting in the driveway waiting for the client, I start daydreaming about the beach again when all of a sudden someone knocks on the car window, I jump at the intrusion and look up at the most bluest eyes I have ever seen.

"Hi, im your 2 o-clock showing" I smile back and notice she is wearing a shear blouse with no bra evident by the almost see through material where here bright red nipples are plainly visible and a very short skirt that just covers her shapely hips and thighs.

I show her the house room by room letting her go first so that I could look at the perfect ass swaying back and forth. Damn getting harder by the second here and I sure hope she doesn't notice or I could be in deep trouble what with all the rules and regulations we have to follow in real estate these days.

We head for the stairs and I watch as she starts up them but stops suddenly to reach down and pick something up. My eyes almost pop out when I look up and see her blue satin thong disappear in her ass, she looks back and catches me staring at her ass but doesn't say anything, just smiles and starts back up the stairs. We finish the tour of the inside without saying another word to each other, but I had noticed her looking at me when she didn't think I would notice.

I tell her about the back yard and the large hot tub with the privacy enclosure around the deck. I take her out there and she likes the deck and as she walks toward the hot tub I notice the water on the floor but before I can say a word she steps in it and her feet come out from under her and she falls towards the hot tub, screaming as she falls fully into the churning water, she comes up spitting and screaming, her hair matted down with water her makeup running down her face and here I am laughing so hard that I didn't notice her staring at me with those sexy eyes.

I stop laughing long enough to rush over to help her out when I notice that since her blouse was wet it was now see through and you could see here breast, nipples hard as rocks due to getting wet and I go hard instantly. With her in the hot tub and me on the deck she was eye level with my crotch and there was no way to hide the bulge in my slacks. As I look at her she has stopped screaming and started to laugh too, she asks for some help to get out and I extend my hand, but instead of helping her out she pulls me into the hot tub with her.

I come up spitting and fuming as to why she did that. My answer came when I faced her and she just looked at my crotch and licked her lips and she reaches over and slides a finger over the bulge in my slacks and moans softly. I reach out and run my hand over her shoulder and down her front till I reach a nipple and I squeeze softly, her eyes close as a load moan escapes her lips. I reach out and pull her to me kissing her hard on her lips my tongue sliding over her lips wanting inside of her mouth, finally she parts her lips and our tongues duel each other darting in and out of each others mouth, our hands caressing each others body. I reach around and run my hands down her back to her ass and I take a cheek in each hand and pull her into me letting her know that im hard because of her. I move my hands around to her front and unbutton her blouse until my hands are able to feel her naked skin against my palms. I feel her nipples get even harder as I caress them with my palms and fingers, I lightly pinch each one at the same time, and she squirms against me even more. 

She reaches down and undoes my slacks and pulls out my cock, im not all that long but it is thick, she strokes it a few times feeling the ridges and the veins, she pushes me back against the side of the hot tub and I sit on the edge of it. She comes up between my legs and as she looks me in the eye slides my cock into her mouth sliding all the way down to the base of it, I can feel her tongue swirling around it while she deep throats it. She cups my balls in her hands as she starts to bob up and down I know im not going to last long this way and I feel the tingle I get just before I cum and I tell her "I'm gonna cum if you keep that up" She sucks even harder and goes even deeper, I grab her head and as she sucks harder I really start to fuck her mouth and I can feel and hear her moan loudly as I thrust up into her mouth and then it hits I yell I'M ..........cum..... Cuming....... NOW!!!!!!!!!!! She sucks hard and shoves my cock so far in her mouth that her nose is buried in my pubes. I cum hard and lots but she swallows it all. She slowly pulls off my cock cleaning it as she does, never taking her eyes off me. 

She stands in front of me and I pull her to me and kiss her deep, tasting myself on her tongue. While kissing her I remove her blouse and position her against the side of the hot tub. I lean down and take a nipple in my mouth lightly biting it making her moan softly, I reach down to her thigh and run my hands up till I can feel the heat of her pussy, I move aside the thong and insert a finger into her wet pussy, my finger sliding in and out while my other hand finds her clit and starts to rub in circles till her breathing comes in gasps and she clinches her thighs together and cums all over my fingers. 

As she cums I slip her thong off and kneel down in front of her and before she even knows what's happening I lick from the bottom of her pussy to the top, flicking lightly on her clit making her orgasm last a little longer. She grabs my head and pulls it into her pussy while at the same time thrusting her hips up at me. I take my tongue and shove as deep as I can into her wet pussy trying to get to the sweet hunny I know is there. I slip a finger over her asshole and just as I bite her clit I shove my finger up her ass and that sets her off to an even bigger orgasm as she floods my mouth with the hunny I have been waiting for.

As she slowly comes down again I see that she is laying flat on her back with her legs in the water, she is caressing and pinching her own nipples moaning loudly, I cant resist and I take my cock and place it at her pussy and my other hand starts to rub her clit again and she moans louder this time "yes make me come again ......... please make me cum again. Just as she starts to tense up from my fingers rubbing her clit I take my cock and push into her pussy I can only go a little so I pullback out and push again this time all the way in. She sits strait up and looks at me as I fill her pussy with my cock. I take her hips and pull her even more towards me burying even more of my cock in her tight pussy, I kiss her gently as I pull back out then slowly slide back in slowly I do this for a few minutes with nothing being said, I lean down and suck a nipple in my mouth and my other hand pinches the other one at the same time, this seams to have set off a switch in her cause all of a sudden I feel her pussy gripping me trying to pull me in even more. 

She pushes me away and I slide out and the she turns around and leans over the edge and says, " Fuck me now, hard and fast" I take my cock and place it against her swollen pussy lips and push into the tight, wet pussy. She thrust back burying me to the hilt and yells for me to fuck her and fuck her now. I grab her waist and start to pound hard and fast into her pussy, you can hear my balls slap against her, her pussy grabbing me milking me for my cum.

I reach around and tweak a nipple and this just makes her push back harder against me I find her clit and rub it just right as she explodes all over my cock, she yells that she is cuming and I grab her waist and pound harder and faster till I can feel my own cum rushing up my cock and I explode deep in her pussy, rope after rope of cum splashes inside of her, her pussy milking it all out. I slip out of her as our cum runs down her leg into the hot tub.

She looks at me and says " I may want to checkout a few more homes if you're available tomorrow?" Of course anytime you would like just call me. With that said she strokes my cock until it's hard again but that's another story.

If you like the story about a real estate agent and his different "clients" let me know cause I have many different ones and if you would like to see something please let me know too.