 The first time she saw him was at the bank. He was definitely her type..tall, good looking, well built. They had exchanged small talk a few times, but today she really hoped he would notice the one thing different about her appearance. She let someone go before her to a different teller, he noticed and smiled to himself.

"May i help you?" he asked as she approached the counter. She took care of her transaction, and just as she turned to leave, he fell for the bait. "I'm sorry if this is too forward, but i noticed you aren't wearing your wedding ring." She told him that she had recently divorced and there was no need to wear it any longer. Then came the payoff .."Would you like to have lunch sometime?" Telling him she would like that, they exchanged phone numbers and she left. For just a brief second she wanted to turn around to see if he was watching her, but she just couldn't bring herself to do it.

Lunch went well the following week, as did their first dinner. He had been a complete gentleman and had always waited for her to make the first move at the end of the dates as to whether to embrace or kiss goodnight. She liked that and there was an obvious attraction between them. She wondered when he would make his move...and sure enough, it didn't take long.

It was a beautiful spring day when they agreed to meet for another lunch date, casual dress, an Italian restaurant down by the inlet. She wore a thin white blouse tucked into the sun dress which fell to about calf length. A very light sweater covered her blouse and she had on sparkling white tennis shoes. It was her usual pattern to go without underwear, but today she slipped on a g string that she had bought just for a special occasion.

Lunch went well, and as they exited the restaurant he asked if she needed to get home. "No" she responded. He told her that a friend of his has a houseboat near by and would she like to see it. "Sure" she answered. It took them only a few minutes to walk there.

Going below deck she was surprised to see a bed out in plain sight instead of in a bedroom, so to say. He walked over to the stereo and put on some music then headed to what appeared to be a closet and pulled out two clean white sheets and begin to make the bed.

"You re taking a hell of alot for granted aren't you?" she asked him.

"No more than you are, coming here with someone you don't really know. Away from the public, where you aren't close to your vehicle, no one to hear you if you called out."

That kind of scared her for a second but excited her at the same time. She knew she was safe, after all she knew where he worked if something went wrong. He asked her to take off her sweater, and without even thinking she did. For a brief minute she wished she had put on a bra as she knew he could see her very dark areolas and nipples thru the thin white blouse.His eyes went up and down her body and then returned to her eyes, she felt as if he could see straight through her.

"Would you take off your shoes, socks, and your dress?" It seemed more like a command than a question but she liked that. Now she stood before him in just her blouse and g string. He walked over to where his coat was and pulled out a white silk scarf. Her chest got tight and she felt her heart beat racing.

"May i blindfold you?" All she could do was shake her head up and down, the words wouldn't come out. He secured the blindfold over her eyes and asked if she was okay. Again all she could do was nod in approval. He leaned in close and gently kissed her cheek then made his way to her neck. She moaned softly as he kissed her there.

"Does this excite you?" Yes was all she could say. His hands slowly moved down to her blouse and he began unbuttoning each button. It seemed like an eternity to her before he reached the last one. He opened it up and whispered.."So beautiful." He leaned in and kissed each nipple very lightly. Then returned to each one to suck them into his mouth.

She was leaning against a desk and it took her by surprise when he slowly lifted her up and rested her ass onto the desk. His hands were so powerful yet so gentle. He pushed her back so that she was now laying on her back, her very lovely feet dangling off the desk. She put her hands over her head trying to find the edge of the desk to grab for support.

She heard him drop what sounded like ice into a glass and then pour some liquid into it. She jumped for a second when he put it next to her ear and shook the glass ever so slightly. He took a sip then reached into the glass and retrieved an ice cube. Again she jumped when the first drip of cold water fell onto her nipple. The cold liquid made her nipple tighten and swell. She could feel the blood racing, filling her nipples, until she thought they would burst. After teasing each one he dragged the ice cube down her stomach until he almost reached her belly button. He held the ice cube up and watched it drip onto her belly then make a hurried rush downward to her navel.

Suddenly it stopped...she wondered what was next. She heard him moving a chair then heard him sit down. He reached for another cube and this time ran it over the top of her g string. He then softly traced down over her most private part watching the fabric get wet and outlining her sex. His large thick fingers eased under the elastic of the g string and he began slowly pulling it down and off her. When needed, she lightly lifted up her hips assuring him that what he was doing was okay.

Very softly, almost teasingly so, he leaned in and kissed her opening then slid his tongue inside her. She gasped for air when she felt his warm tongue enter her. Slowly his hand moved up and he spread her open, exposing her clit, swollen and hard. He took it inside his mouth and began to suck on it. As he did this she felt the fingers of his other hand enter her and expertly find her g spot. He slowly fell into a rhythm, determined to make her orgasm. When he felt her breathing get labored he reached up and ripped the blindfold off her.

"Look at me" was all he said. They locked eyes just in time. Her upper body arched off the desk as her first orgasm approached. She moaned as it washed over her. It was quickly followed by a second one, and then surprisingly, another. She laid there shuttering for a second then felt him scoop her of the desk and carry her towards the bed. She kissed him deeply before he set her down and she could only utter two words...thank you. He had no idea he was the first man to ever make her orgasm once, much less three times in rapid succession.

He removed his shirt and pants quickly and she stared at his very nice body. She didn't dare think to look at his penis before he laid down beside her naked. He took her in his arms and held her as they kissed one another. He was so gentle and erotic with her that she wondered if this was real. One of his hands reached around her and cupped one of her cheeks and he squeezed it softly pulling her closer to her. She could feel his heart beating against her skin as he kissed her neck and stroked her long hair.

"I want to make love to you" he said and she believed him. he took her hand and slowly began moving it down toward his manhood. She gasped when she touched it. It was so much bigger than anything she had felt before, she suddenly got scared wondering if she would be able to please him.

Without any urging from him, she started shifting her body downward so that she could begin to please him the way he had pleased her with his mouth. He touched her shoulder gently and said no. "Another time, i want to make love to you" he repeated. In a sense she was glad, she had no idea how she would have handled trying to please him orally.

He gently positioned himself between her legs and lifted her so that her legs wrapped around his waist. He reached down and slowly took the head of his penis and ran it up and down over her opening making sure she was still wet enough to be penetrated. Before she knew it he was inside her, filling her like no man had ever done so before. They locked eyes together, and as they began moving as one, he leaned down and kissed her, then told her how incredibly beautiful she was. She pulled him down to her and he nuzzled her neck as they made slow passionate love.

She was amazed at his stamina. It seemed like an hour had past and he had yet to orgasm. They picked up their pace and after a few minutes he asked her if she was okay. Yes was all she could get out. She let go of him and he raised up to again look deep into her eyes. She surprised herself with what she said next.

"Take me from behind" she said, forming it as more of a question than a demand. She wanted to feel him deep inside her and knew that would be the perfect position.

She raised up onto her hands and knees as he got behind her. He grabbed her hips gently and pushed inside her slowly. Oh my god she thought as he pushed deep inside her, deeper than any man or toy had ever been before. She could feel the head of his penis rubbing her g spot each time he pulled almost all the way out and then upon reentry. She moaned when he grabbed her hair expertly and pulled her back to him. "Yes" she cried out as he continued to do so.

He then let go of her hair and wrapped one hand around her waist and found her clit hard and swollen. He rubbed it with just the right pressure as he continued to love her. Her head fell into the pillow as his other hand found her hair again.

"I'm so close" she cried out and he began to pick up the pace. She could feel him getting harder inside her, and then suddenly it all fell into place. Right as she had the most intense g spot and clitoral orgasm ever, she felt his penis explode inside her. She thought it would never stop twitching as she became flooded with his seed.

When they both came to their senses they realized it was nearing dark outside. Had it really gone on that long she wondered? Ever the gentleman he let her go to the bathroom first and quickly she showered. She reached down and felt herself, she was swollen but it felt incredible.

As they walked to her car he reached for her hand and that gesture made her feel so special. He kissed her on the cheek and whispered...until next time.