 Part 2: Supper Time

"Damn rain. No swim for me tonight. I wonder if Georgette would like to check out the whirlpool tub tonight," Ted thought to himself as he entered his brother's house. He and Georgette were housing sitting for his brother while he was away on a cruise. He laid his keys on the hall table and picked up a note. 

It read:

"Ted - Gone to check on the house and girls -- Then run some errands. Please find something for dinner. Home around 7'ish." G.

"7'ishm ... Hmmm ... Find something for dinner," Ted said to the note and he grabbed his keys and rushed back out into the rain.

A little after seven, Georgette stepped into the darkened house from a cold downpour. She was cold and wet. "Damn rain. No swim for me tonight. Guess I have to settle for a long hot soak in the tub. I wonder if Ted would like to join me?" she said as she set her keys on the table, on which sat a note. It read:

Dearest George, Your wish is my command! Come to the bedroom for a special treat. Ted

Intrigued, Georgette climbed the stairs to the guest bedroom she and Ted were using. At the top of the stairs was a small candle lighting the way. Down the hall was another candle marking her destination. Good thing because Ted's brother's house was so big she was not sure she could find the bedroom in the dark. 

In the room, on the nightstand, under another candle was a second note.

"G. Slip out of those wet things and slip into the warm bath that awaits you. T."

Smiling, she did as the note instructed. Piling her wet clothes in a corner, she entered the bathroom to find it lit with four scented candles. Beside the filled tub were a soft, white, cotton towel, a bottle of herbal body wash, a bottle of Jasmine bath oil, a loufa, and a soft white full-length cotton bathrobe. Georgette smiled, poured some bath oil into the steaming water, and stepped into the tub.

Settling into the bath, Georgette wondered what her husband had planned. This week had been wonderful. So far this week, she had masturbated in the hot tub, then played a game of naked tag in the pool with Ted; both times ended with wonderful orgasms. Ted and she were acting like kids again. Sex in the kitchen one night, a shower together each morning (where she would lovingly give her husband a blowjob). They even made love in Ted's brother's Jag parked in the garage. . It was a shame Ted had to work each day, because the shear opulence of the house and indulgent carefree nature of her days made her EXTREMELY horny. Before today the weather had been so nice and the pool so secluded that each day she sunbathed in the nude, which increased her horniness, and more times then not, she would finger herself into an orgasm

The memories and warm water were starting to affect her and she thought of fingering herself until she came, but with superhuman willpower, she decided not to. Ted had something planned and she would see what he had in mind. However, she was sure how it would end.

She reached for the loufa and bodywash. She scrubbed her skin to a tingling pink. She stood and stepped out of the bath, dried and slowly spread the body lotion onto her warm skin. It felt silky and smooth on her moist skin. She took care not to spend too much time on her breasts or too close to her naughty-bits. She did not to want to spoil Ted's fun. However, no matter what she did, her nipples remained hard and each time she would touch them, it would drive her crazy with lust.

When she returned to the bedroom, her wet clothes had been removed and replaced with glass of wine and another note:

Dinner is served. Come to the parlor.

She looked around for some clothes but there were none, so she decided to venture down to the parlor in just her robe. "Damn! I like being seduced," she thought as she made her way downstairs. Again, the way was lit by candles and slowly Georgette made her way to the parlor trying to think of what would come next. In her mind, she knew what the ultimate outcome would be. However, she also knew the journey there would be more fun.

Georgette found the parlor lit by maybe 50 candles. A fire added to the soft warm, glow. In front of the fire on the floor was a large picnic basket, a bottle of wine in an ice bucket. The air was filled with soft music, Chopin Nocturnes. Ted, who was standing by the fire, leaning against the mantle, went all out. She had never guessed this of him. 

"Good evening, darling. Hungry?" 

"Famished, Daaaahlink!" she returned in her best 'Natasha' voice.

"Then, please make yourself comfortable," Ted said gesturing to the blanket. She lowered herself onto the blanket beside the basket, Ted on the other side. He opened the basket and removed a loaf of French bread, hard salami, a bunch of huge red grapes, and some fine French cheese. Georgette picked up the meat stick and eyed it thoughtfully. "I do believe yours is bigger and far more tasty." 

Ted laughed as he pulled the wine bottle from the bucket, "Refill dear?" 

"Why yes! I think I will!" she replied.

Ted sliced the bread, salami, and cheese and fed them to his wife. The bread was warm, the meat spicy, and the cheese rich. He plucked a large juicy grape, and plopped it into Georgette's waiting mouth. As she bit into the tasty morsel, an explosion of juice burst in her mouth. 

They sat for a long time feeding each other and sipping the wine in front of the fire. They reminisced about the past and forecasted the future. They talked about the mundane and the exciting. They smiled and they laughed. In all, it was a perfect evening.

When they had eaten their fill, Ted removed the remaining food and packed it away in the basket. "My, what a mess you have made," he said as he leaned over and brushed the crumbs from Georgette's robe, "accidentally" brushing his hand across Georgette's breast. 

"Look, you missed a spot," Georgette said as she opened her robe slightly and pointing to a spot on her exposed breast. Ted leaned over her, and "swept" her exposed skin clear of the remnants of their dinner with gentle kisses. Ted is a very thorough man and spent a very long time "Tidying up" from dinner. Georgette's nipples were still very hard from the bath and each sweep sent electrical currents through her body. "Interesting way of doing the dishes," Georgette said.

"I thought so," Ted commented as he placed three bowls on the blanket. One bowl was filled with the largest, reddest, ripest strawberries Georgette had ever seen, the other two contained chocolate and sweetened cream. "This was all I could find in such short notice. Will this do for dessert?" 

"You're a lousy liar, dear, but I love you anyway. Yes it will do!" Georgette said as she reached for a berry. 

Ted playfully slapped her hand. "Just put you head on my lap here and I will pamper you," he said. 

She did as she was told and made herself comfortable leaving her robe half open so that Ted can see some but not all. Her nipples were still hard. Ted dipped one ripe berry into the chocolate and slowly lowered it into Georgette's awaiting lips. She gently bit into the luscious fruit, sucking some of the sweet juice out of the pome. "MMMMMMMM ... yummy," Georgette purred as Ted dipped the berry into the cream. As he moved to place the treat in Georgette's mouth, she stuck her tongue out and with the tip, licked the cream off the bottom of the redfruit.

"Interesting technique," Ted mentioned. 

"I have had lots of practice to perfect it. Want to see more?" she asked as he fed her the rest of the berry. 

"Maybe later," he replied suggestively as he removed another strawberry from the bowl and dipped it in the bowl of chocolate then fed it to Georgette, who was waiting with her mouth wide open. "My, looks like I could stuff the entire meat stick in there and it would go a long way too." 

"Well maybe not all the meat," Georgette rebutted.

Ted lifted another strawberry and hovered it just above he lips. "I love it when you dangle your berries in front of me like that," Georgette purred insinuatively. 

"I live to please," Ted said in mocking servitude.

Ted dipped a berry in cream and smeared it on Georgette's lips, letting some drip down the side of her face. "Oh! Cream covering the face. Isn't that a little cliché?" Georgette asked. 

"Not in my book!" Ted replied. "In fact if looks VERY good on you."

Ted took the last small pulpy fruit and dipped in deeply in the chocolate. As he raised it to Georgette's lips a large glob of chocolate fell onto her exposed cleavage. As it slowly slipped down between her breasts, Ted said "Oops! I'll get it."

"You better," Georgette replied as she opened her robe and lay flat on to the floor, exposing the chocolaty mess (and two very hard nipples!).

Ted dove between her breasts and with one long, slow movement, using only the tip of his tongue, he licked reverse the path of the chocolate. Slowly from the base of her breast over the exposed skin, hovering a short time at the nipple. He continued up to her neck where he stopped and placed a light, gentle kiss just under her ear. He reached for the bowl of chocolate and while he distracted Georgette with kisses, he opened her robe and poured a small, thin line of chocolate over both breasts. 

"Now look what you did," she said. "I hope you are planning to clean this mess up."

With a seductive leer, Ted started to "Clean" Georgette's breasts. He licked the chocolate as it oozed down her breast. He ran his tongue slowly up the side of Georgette's breast then over now VERY hard the nipple, flicking it gently, and then moved down the inside, between her breasts. He then traced the line of chocolate up the inside and over Georgette's nipple (he added a tiny nibble) and then down the outside curve. 

A soft moan escaped from Georgette and she arched her back, helping her husband clean the mess. Ted licked and kissed his wife until all the sweet syrup was cleaned up and all that was left was a slight sticky film. Ted sat back, smacking his lips. "MMMM, MMMM, Good!"

Georgette laid there, eyes closed and a big smile on her face. Ted opened Georgette's robe, raised the bowl of chocolate, and poured a line of chocolate from her breast down her stomach to her womanhood. He placed the bowl on the floor, crawled over his wife, and while Georgette giggled, followed the trail of sweetness down her body. The giggling stopped and the moaning started as Ted reached the pungent area between her legs. "My! You are wet," Ted said. 

"Oh That? Left over from my bath," She replied. 

"O.K. If you say so," Ted answered and he flicked her clit with his tongue several times. 

"OOOO! WOW! That's nice," She gasped. 

Ted licked her savory moistness. He ran his tongue the length of the opening several times. Up and down, he ran his very talented tongue, paying extra care around her clitoris, giving it a small kiss with each passing. When he reached the bottom, he would stick his tongue into her opening. Georgette was very aroused and it took very little to send to the edge. She soon began to arch her back. She grabbed Ted's head and pushed his face into her lusty groin as wave upon wave of orgasmic power radiated through her like huge waves crashing over the beach. 

Finally, she reached a point where she could not stand it any more and she pushed Ted away. She lay quivering on the floor, breathing heavy. "Damn" was all she could say.

Ted moved next to Georgette and sat her head on his lap. Her sweat mixed with the chocolate to form a stick mess on her body. As he stroked her hair she recovered and her breathing returned to normal. Ted noticed that Georgette kept her eyes closed and there was a VERY LARGE smile on her face. This made Ted smile and laugh slightly.

"What's so funny?" She asked.

Oh, just the mindless smile on you face. "It seemed you liked dinner," he replied.

"I certainly hope it is not over" Georgette said as she rolled on to her belly. "I said that your `Meat Stick' was better, now I want some of it." She threw open Ted robe, grabbed his stick, and ran her tongue the full length. Ted lay back onto the floor.

Georgette is a connoisseur of Ted's Meat Stick. She moved onto her knees between his legs so she could have full access. Taking Ted's manhood in her hand, she delicately swirled her tongue over the tip several times. She then ran the tip slowly down the underside, from tip to balls, where she gave each a sweet, loving kiss. She reversed her action, running the tip of her tongue from the base to the tip and the engulfed the entire stick. Ted became harder and harder, and with each stroke of her tongue, he came closer and closer to exploding. In and out, up and down she worked her magic until he was just on the verge of erupting. Then she stopped. 

"Hey, big boy, want some chocolate milk?" She said as she lay on her back and poured the remaining heavy cream on her chest. One great advantage of being married to the same person for a significant number of years, you know what the other person is thinking. Ted and Georgette had been married forever and he knew just what she wanted him to do. He straddled her chest, placing his enlarged erection between her breasts. The cream made a wonderful lubricant and allowed Ted to slide between her warm mounds with ease. With each stroke, he came closer and closer to exploding onto his wife. 

Georgette could sense when the time was right. Just as he was beginning to release, she pushed Ted into her mouth. The mixture of the sweet cream and the salty cum was wonderful. Ted pumped her mouth full. Georgette made sure he was empty before releasing him. Ted fell on to the carpet with his own mindless grin on his face.

After a few moments, his eyes opened to view his beautiful but extremely messy wife. She was covered with chocolate and cream. "You look great!" Ted told Georgette. 

"Like an ice cream sundae. You are so wonderful." Georgette said as she snuggled up and placed a stick, gentle, sweet and sticky kiss on his lips. "I need a shower. Care to scrub my back?"

"You betcha," he said, and they headed to the master bath to "Clean-up"