 My body was telling me I needed to start planning dinner. I don't need to eat the way you might. I sustain my life with fluids, but my race always calls it The Hunger.

My life-mate and I were the last of our line on this continent. She was destroyed by the Others. No one seems to know why they hate Us. I'm not even sure if the Others know any more. Their attacks on Us have cost me some friends over the years. Of course, it affected me, but those who had been destroyed had not been mine. The loss of my life-mate was different. For the first time, I was truly alone. For the first time, I knew fear.

I choose to introduce myself by the name I use among mortals: John Smith. My life-mate was a female known to mankind as Alexandra. We had partnered centuries ago, back when vampires roamed freely. Many mortals mistake Us for that race, but we are different. While we use mortals to sustain Us, we don't drink their blood. We do not harm the mortals we encounter, like the incubus and succubus can. We give pleasure. We gain our nourishment from the fluid of their loins.

Nourishment can be taken both from mortals and from the members of our clan. Any of Us can "make" a mortal into one of our brethren. We tend to hunt outside our group, preferring variety in our diet. As any mortal hunter or huntress knows, the hunt can, in its own way, be nearly as rewarding as the feast at its conclusion.

There is magic in the feedings given by a life-mate. The power of this magic keeps us free from disease and the ravages of time. My semen kept Alexandra as fresh and beautiful as the day I met her, and her pussy was my fountain of youth and health. If one of Us loses a life-mate, as I had, it can be the beginning of the end, as we are exposed to illness and aging much like mortals.

At the time of my beloved's demise, I still appeared to be in my early twenties, as I had for hundreds of years. Only a short time had passed since her destruction, but already I saw the faint beginnings of creases at the corners of my eyes. Mortals would see them as laugh lines, or the result of outdoor activity. I only appeared to have aged a few years, still a lean, fit man in my mid to late twenties. The changes were subtle, but my time was limited. I had to make a new life-mate.

But where should I seek her? Every college campus, every shopping mall, every golf course has women from whom I can feed. Our species has adapted well to living among the mortals. None of Us forces ourselves on those we prey upon. Instead, we seduce them, not unlike the way the vampire "glamorizes" his victim. The difference between Us and the bloodsuckers is that those who feed Us leave the encounter unharmed, with nothing but life-long memories of amazing sex with a stranger.

It is my duty to perpetuate my species. I must seek out females in whom I can kindle The Hunger, women who will show me the lust necessary to survive as one of Us. By the teachings of The One Who Sees All, a mortal must be a virgin when taken and "made."

To escape my grief over the loss of Alexandra, I decided to leave North America for a while. The Others were no doubt watching me. They had been tightening their noose on our race for a very long time. If they knew I was the only one left here, it wouldn't be long until they pounced.

I decided to go to Europe. It's where my ancestral roots are, both mortal and of the clan of Us. If I made my escape carefully, the Others would not look for me there right away. They are somewhat dull-witted compared to Us, but their numbers are large.

I teleported myself to Ireland, since many of Us still lived there. It would be a safe place to begin re-building my existence. Whether because of the size of our clan, or due to the ancient magic of races and clans that had preceded Us, The Others do not thrive there.

My thought was to search for a new life-mate, perhaps with the help of others in the clan. But first, I needed to feed. The Hunger was very strong. I might need more than one woman tonight to satisfy me.

I materialized on Harcourt Street in Dublin, across from Copper Face Jacks. The place looked busy. I didn't expect this to be where I could look for a suitable virgin to "make" or to take as a life-mate, but feeding there would be relatively easy.

Clusters of young mortals were arriving in taxis or on foot. Many of the females were attractive and were dressed in a way that told me they had a certain "hunger" in them, too.

I went inside. The place was teeming with sexually active young mortals. Pheromones were heavy in the air. Hunting would be rewarding. I could re-build my strength and begin my quest for women to "make" into clanswomen, and even for a new life-mate, in the morning.

I sat at a high table for two near the dance floor, where I could best view my prospects. A young barmaid approached me. She was auburn-haired, full-figured, dressed in a v-neck shirt and leggings. Her clothing showcased the cleavage between her generous breasts, her succulent ass cheeks, and her puffy lower lips.

She was definitely a prospect for feeding. I sniffed the air around her. No human would notice the perfume of her womanhood at this point, since she was only mildly aroused, but my senses, particularly when I feel The Hunger, told me she could produce a nice helping of the fluid I craved. I wondered how easy it would be to bewitch her sumptuous legs apart.

"What would you like to drink?" she asked.

"A Virgin Mary," I replied.

"What's that?"

"It's like a Bloody Mary -- tomato juice, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, Tabasco sauce, and a stick of celery. Just leave out the vodka," I said.

"How spicy do you want it?" she asked. Her sultry emerald eyes penetrated mine.

"Spicy and full-bodied, the way I like my women."

She blushed a bit at that, averted her gaze, and left to get me my drink.

I watched her move as she returned to me. Her breasts bounced gently as she walked, and my sensitive ears could tune out the music, allowing me to hear the soft wet sound her moist labia made with her movements.

The glass was decorated with a lemon wedge. She placed a small pepper grinder on the table next to it. "Some people like fresh-ground pepper as a garnish on a Bloody Mary," she said. "Do you want some in your drink?"

"I do."

Her hands shook slightly as she grasped the grinder and held it over my glass. "Say when," she said, turning the handle.

I watched as the crumbled bits of pepper fell. Each piece hit the reddish liquid with a plop, and I could smell the heady spiciness of it, a pleasing counterpoint to the alluring aroma of sex emanating from this girl.

"When," I said.

She set the pepper-mill on the table next to my glass.

"It should be stirred," I said. I took her hand in mine, and used her index finger to stir the pepper into the drink. When it was blended to my satisfaction, I fixed my gaze on her eyes and raised her hand to my mouth to suck the liquid from her finger. A new wave of her aroma enveloped me as her pupils dilated slightly. She stood transfixed after I released her hand, her jaw slightly slack, lust burning in her eyes. Yes, this one could be a lot of fun.

"I'll run a tab," I said. She continued to stand there, her nipples erect under her shirt. "Sweetheart, you have other customers," I reminded her.

With her face slightly flushed, she hurried away.

I sipped my drink and surveyed the room. There were hundreds of young people, all dressed to impress and seduce. My thoughts drifted to my departed love, Alexandra. She would have liked this place. She was a good huntress, and with only a glance would have had young men and women fighting each other for the chance to offer her their fluids. She and I enjoyed hunting as a team. We were good at it. We would have dined well here.

The barmaid passed by several times before I finished my drink. Every time our eyes met, I could see a slight hardening of her nipples and could smell a new whiff of her nectar. Could she alone produce enough to satisfy The Hunger in me tonight?

She arrived, right on cue, as I was setting down my empty glass.

"Another, sir?" she asked.

"Please."

In moments, she returned. "More coarse-ground pepper?"

"Of course," I said, looking in her passionate green eyes.

This time, I didn't have to guide her as she stirred my drink. She seemed to hold her breath as she pulled her wet finger from the glass. I could see the wanting in her eyes as I raised her finger to my lips. She shivered as my tongue bathed her digit. Even though the lights were low, my sensitive vision could detect the slight dampness that was appearing on the front of her leggings. The Hunger became more insistent.

Usually, if I hunt in a crowd, I don't decide on a source of nourishment right away. I enjoy hunting, selecting and preparing my meal. I must dine anyway, to sustain myself, so why not get all the pleasure out of the experience that I can? That usually means admiring the appearance, smell, and sound of numerous attractive women before experiencing the touch and blissful taste of one.

As I enjoyed my drink, I chose several women I wanted to talk to. There were a few I wanted to dance with, to touch and inhale before making my selection. This was going to be the perfect night. The tall blond was intriguing. A slutty-looking brunette had glanced my way a second time. The smiling, tiny Asian girl could be fun, too.

Maybe The Hunger was too strong, but when the barmaid came to my table again, I re-thought my plans. "Sir, I'm going off duty," she said, "so I need to close out your tab. Another waitress will stop by your table in a few minutes, and she will be here until closing. Would you like something else to drink?"

"Yes. Something different this time."

"What would that be, sir? What would you like?"

This time, she knew I was inhaling her aroma. "You," I said.

"Sir?" she said, almost in a whisper. Her nipples were straining against her shirt, and the intoxicating smell from her pussy made me almost weak with Hunger.

"You," I repeated. "I want to drink ... you."

Raw desire oozed from every pore of her. "I'll be at the side door in fifteen minutes," she said.

A car and driver met her at the employees' entrance. Wordlessly, the driver ushered her into the back seat of the limousine for the short drive to the Westbury Hotel, where I had booked their best suite. A uniformed young man soon delivered her to my rooms.

As the door closed behind her, she spoke. "I've never done this before."

"Never done what before?" I asked. "Never been in a suite at the Westbury?"

"No,... well, yes,... I mean, no I've never been in a hotel room like this. What I mean is, I've never gone to any hotel with a stranger," she said.

"Call me John. It's a pretty easy name to remember. You are Nicole," I said.

She looked a bit shocked. "How do you know my name?"

"It was on my tab at the club. See, we're not strangers."

"I don't know whether I should be here," she said.

"Do you want to leave?"

"No."

"Then, take off your clothes."

"Excuse me?"

"Would you like my help?"

"No."

Eyes down, she walked to the bed and slipped off her shoes. "I can't believe I'm doing this."

"You may stop," I said.

"I don't want to," she whispered, pulling her shirt off. Her large breasts were straining against the lacy camisole she wore underneath. She looked at me. I could see the inner struggle of her lust against her better judgment. She removed her cami, finally exposing her beautiful full breasts to my view. Then she wriggled out of her moist leggings. Her trimmed, leaking pussy was revealed. At that moment, I knew we would not sleep before dawn.

"Now, undress me," I said.

The fire of lust burned brightly in her eyes now. She began to unbutton my shirt. As she did, her movements caused her large breasts to bounce and sway. Her nipples were very hard now, long, fat, swollen with her need. I tried to concentrate on them, but my brain was overwhelmed with the mouth-watering aroma of the moisture emanating from her portal.

She knelt in front of me to undo my trousers. When she pulled them down, my rigid member sprang up, nearly hitting her in the face.

"It's huge!" she exclaimed.

"It will fit," I said. "Lie down."

"I've never had anything like that inside me before," she whimpered as she climbed onto the bed.

"What do you mean? Nothing this big?"

"No. I've never had a man inside me before. I'm a virgin."

"How old are you?" I asked.

"Twenty-two."

A young virgin, the same age I was when I was taken. Just what I needed for a new life-mate. If I chose, I could make Nicole mine for eternity tonight. I struggled with my Hunger and lust. It might be better to drink her dry and then continue on my quest, but her eyes spoke of an inner lust that enticed me, the lust necessary in a good huntress.

This was not the time for those thoughts, however. Turning her into one of Us could come later, if she seemed worthy. She would have to be very special for me to consider her as a life-mate. For now, I needed to feed The Hunger.

I pulled her to the edge of the bed, spread her legs, and lowered my mouth to her. Tangy-sweet, abundant juice clung to the trimmed dark hair surrounding her womanhood. Perhaps, as a mortal, I would have wanted to take my time with her, but The Hunger compelled me to taste. The first pass of my tongue over her made my stomach growl.

Nicole gasped at the sensation. "Oh, God!"

All women can orgasm. Many of them can squirt, given the proper stimuli. If this girl were one of those, I would feed well.

I spread her outer labia with my fingers and tasted the pink flesh inside. Delicious. My tongue moved up to her clit. She squealed her passion. More life-sustaining fluid seeped from her. I curled my tongue to scoop it up. Sweet nourishment! My strength was already returning. Each pass of my tongue over her sex was rewarded with more nectar. She breathed more quickly. Lust was overcoming her.

"Oh..., oooh..., oh..., that feels so good," she gasped.

"You haven't felt pleasure yet."

"John, I think I want you to make love to me."

There was no hurry. I planted small, delicate kisses on the soft skin of her mound and upper thighs. "All in good time, my dear, all in good time."

Her sex was flowing freely. I curled my tongue and probed inside her, lapping up more of her honey. Her pussy was swollen, the outer lips staying open on their own, proudly displaying the dewy pinkness inside. It was time to find out how wet she could be.

"Are you ready, my dear? You're going to have an orgasm." I slipped a finger gently inside her, barely touching her intact hymen, and renewed the attack of my tongue on her clit. "Cum for me, my sweet Nicole," I said, pausing from my feast. "Cum for me now." I reached behind her and began to massage her tiny asshole with my thumb. Fearing for her hymen, I replaced the finger in her pussy with my tongue, and fondled and pinched her hard clit.

"God! Oh God!" she wailed.

I could smell it coming, and it made my cock throb almost painfully. Suddenly, forcefully, a gout of ambrosia erupted from her. I drank my fill. I could live on that for days.

She was unconscious for a moment. When she roused herself, she had the animalistic look I had so cherished in my beloved Alexandra. Could this girl become a huntress? Should I "make" her?

Nicole struggled to prop herself up on her elbows. "Who are you?" she asked. Her green eyes shining, almost as though she felt The Hunger, she grabbed my head in her hands. "WHAT are you?"

"I'm John Smith. Don't laugh. I have ID if you need proof. In answer to your second question, I'm someone who likes oral sex."

"No, John, no. I'm a virgin. I know you felt that. But, I've had oral sex before. No one has done it like that!"

"I've had some time to practice. Tell me, my dear Nicole, how is it that you've let some naughty boy lick your cunt, but you've never let one fuck you?"

For the first time since she had revived, she lowered her gaze. "It wasn't a naughty boy," she whispered.

"I see." I stood and helped her to her feet. Pulling her sumptuous body against me, letting my cock drool onto her belly, I grasped her chin and pulled her mouth to mine. In a matter of seconds, we had moved from a first, gentle kiss to one that expressed our mutual need. "If you like girls, are you going to let me make love to you, my sweet innocent?" I asked.

"I've never wanted a man enough before this. I've had some experience with men, enough that I've been a little hesitant about letting one go that far." She lowered her eyes again. "Girlfriends can't make me pregnant."

"I can't either. I also can't make you sick. If I learn to trust you enough, I may explain that to you, but for now, you're just going to have to believe."

Her huntress-like eyes scanned mine for a long time. "You're not telling me everything, John Smith. But yes, I do believe you. I want you to take me."

"I will be gentle, my dear. There is no way to avoid some pain, but your pleasure will make you forget it quickly. Now lie down. We must get ready."

She got on the bed and turned on her back with her knees bent and spread, presenting herself to me to mount. I had other plans for the moment. Lying down next to her, I pulled her to me and began my work on her breasts. They tasted of her citrus body wash, fresh sweat, and hot flesh ready to be enjoyed.

When I grasped her nipple between my lips and pulled, the smell of new feminine moisture stirred my tongue again. Much as I needed my release, I could not deny myself one last taste of her virgin cunt.

This time, she had an idea of what to expect. Her hips began to move almost immediately, and the amazing amount of sweet, flavorful juice she produced added to my euphoria. She squirted only a little. It was just as well. I could not have drunk another drop.

I moved up in the bed and pulled her into my arms. As her strength returned, our impassioned kissing resumed. Her hand moved down to touch my twitching cock. "God, you're hard," she said, pulling her lips from mine. "Please, John, put it inside me."

"Get on top of me and mount me. You can control how much you take and how fast you take it that way."

Nicole seemed eager to do just that. She squatted over me, a string of her fluids dripping onto my balls as she moved. Grasping my cock in her hand, she aimed me. The first touch of my wet cockhead to her leaking lips brought a gasp of passion from both of us. She held us in that position for a moment and bored into me with her predatory eyes. Then she worked my cock into her opening.

As her lips stretched to admit me, she said, "I've wanted this for a long time."

"Why haven't you done it?"

"I was afraid of being alone afterward." She lowered herself slightly. I could feel the head of my cock pressing against her membrane. "This is going to hurt, isn't it?"

"Yes."

"Will you promise not to force yourself into me?"

"Yes."

"Okay." She grimaced, seeming to anticipate the tearing, burning pain she was about to feel. She raised up a little, and then allowed herself to drop. Her barrier was ruptured, and she sank onto my shaft.

"Oh, that stings," she moaned. I supported her buttocks on my hands, preventing her from taking too much all at once.

"Breathe, my darling. Take it slowly. Give yourself some time. We have all night."

Her eyes each released a single tear. I watched them slide down her cheeks and then break free, to fall, seemingly in slow motion, to adorn each proud nipple. I pulled her to me, and licked them clean. Still holding her firm cheeks in my hands, I asked, "Are you ready for more?"

"Uh huh," she muttered as she rose slightly, taking some of her weight off my hands. Then we allowed her to drop a bit further than before, impaling her more firmly on my shaft.
