 I sat on the couch and raised of glass of wine to silently toast the holidays. It had been one hell of year. My wife left almost a year ago to "find herself." My son had gone off to college and decided to spend Christmas with his new girlfriend's family. For the first time I was spending Christmas alone.

Christmas time should be spent with those you care for the most, or at least with someone you can have a meaningless physical relationship with. But, there I was, on Christmas Eve, half toasted on Cabernet, sitting in front of a roaring fire and staring blankly at a twinkling Christmas tree.

Over the past few months I had been able to occupy my mind with work, but I found myself with plenty of time during the holidays. Too many days off work: weather too cold and snowy to allow me the joy of the numerous outside activities I enjoy. Depression started to set in and to make it worse, I found myself drinking a liquid depressant. "Very intelligent," I thought sarcastically to myself.

About ten that night I had decided to say to hell with it and get some sleep when I heard a light tapping on my door. When I opened the door I a woman was standing there, soaking wet and cold. She said, "I'm sorry to bother you but I locked my keys in the car when I got out to see a deer that had crossed the road. I don't know what to do."

"Don't worry," I said. "Let me take a look at it and see if we can get it open."

She thanked me and I grabbed my coat and hat and went across the road. Sure enough, there were her keys dangling in the ignition. I tried everything I could think of, even attempting to use a coat hanger to get into the car, but the electric door locks kept me from making any progress. I finally gave up and went inside to call a locksmith. 

Understand, I live in a small rural town and there aren't many places to choose from. I called both locksmiths and they informed me that they were shut down for the holiday. 

"Looks like the only thing we can do is to call a friend or let me drive you home," I said.

"I live over 200 miles away and I'm rather new to the area," she said. "Maybe, if you don't mind, I could sleep here tonight and see what we can do in the morning."

I've always been leery about strangers in my house, but for some reason I felt comfortable with her. "I guess that will be alright. I have a spare bedroom where my son stays when he is home. You can stay in there if you like."

"Great. Only, I was wondering, do you have something I can wear to sleep in. These are soaked from standing out in the snow," she said.

The only thing I could think of was one of my old shirts and a pair of sweats. I brought them out and she told me they would do fine. She introduced herself as Traci and then headed for the bathroom to change.

When she cam out I was amazed. She was about 5 foot nine inches tall with beautiful scarlet hair. Her lips were full and red without lipstick and her eyes were a deep green. She had decided not to wear the sweat pants because they were too big, but my shirt hung nearly to her knees. 

It was hard not to notice her large, perfectly shaped breasts bouncing freely underneath the clinging fabric, not to mention her nipples forming pert little peaks. Her legs were long, lean and well toned. At once, I felt a stirring in my pants. 

I cleared my throat and tried not to stand there with my mouth agape. "Uhhh … would like something to drink, or eat?" I asked.

"I would enjoy sharing some of that wine with you," Traci said.

I poured her a glass of wine and we sat down on the couch. She was at one end and I was at the other. We chit chatted for a while and I learned that she was a computer programmer who had just relocated to work for a new company. She had been in my area on business when she spotted a deer.

"I know this sound silly, but I first I thought 'It's Christmas Eve, could that be one of Saint Nick's reindeer,'" then she laughed. "I got out to look at the deer, who had already run off, when I noticed I didn't have my keys. I'm so glad you were home."


As she spoke, I noticed the shirt slowly sliding up those smooth thighs. I tried to look away but I couldn't. My cock was now starting to become uncomfortable in my jeans. 

"Are you married?" she asked.

"No, divorced," I said.

"No signiicant other?" she queried.

"Not at present. It's just me," I said.

"All alone at Christmas. It sucks doesn't it," she said flatly. "It's the same with me. I have never been married, but I finished school two years ago and still stayed close to home, but when I received this job offer, I couldn't refuse it and since I just started it, I really don't have the money saved up to make a trip home. So, here I am, all alone at Christmas."

This course of conversation led me to believe she couldn't be more than two or three years older than my son, making her about 25 years old.

"I hate being along at Christmas," she said. "This is the time of year to cuddle close to a fire and enjoy some real quality time." In fact, to tell you a little secret, this is the time of year that I like to make love."

I almost choked on my wine. I had been staring at her beautiful legs and watching the outline of her spectacular breasts, thinking about how sweet she looked and then she dropped the bomb on me while I was taking a sip.

"I'm sorry, are you okay," she said while leaning over to pat my back as I choked. 

"No, no, I'm fine. You caught me a bit off guard," I said. I looked in front of me and there she was, bent over, trying to help me. I could see down the opening of my shirt and saw the most beautiful breasts I have ever witnessed. They were perfectly shaped; alabaster in color, with pink tipped nipples, looking like rip strawberries, ready for picking. 

I raised my head and looked deeply into my eyes and said, "Like what you see?"

What could I say? My mouth was hanging open like some type of moron and my dick was screaming for freedom. She reached closer and kissed me gently on the lips. Her hot breath warmed my face and a chill went up my spine. Then, she slowly reached out and ran her hand up my thigh and found my throbbing member and gave it a gentle squeeze. 

My head was spinning. Could this actually be happening to me? 

Then Traci stood up and slowly started unbuttoning the shirt. First, I could see the velvety smooth skin that lied in the valley of her magnificent breast. Then she unbuttoned more, her taught little stomach came into view then her sweet little navel. Then the top of her bright red pubic hair came into sight. 

When she finished unbuttoning, she stood there, not a foot in front of me with my shirt hanging open. I reached out and slid my hands under the shirt and around her waist. As the shirt opened more I could see her red little nipples were hard and around them were goose bumps. I looked down and could the puffy lips of her tight little pussy. 

Her stomach was dancing in front of my eyes. I lifted my head and gently kissed her breast. Letting my tongue wander over to her hard little nipples brought a slight sigh of ecstasy from her lips.

Slowly my tongue covered her breasts and then began to crawl down her tight midsection. Each inch brought new territory to my taste and new sounds of pleasure for my ears.

Finally, I found the prize, first the sweet aroma of female excitement thrilled my senses. Her vaginal lips were swollen with excitement and her bud of pleasure throbbed under its hood. Sweet juices of pleasure poured from her. I slowly stuck my tongue out and gently parted her lips. That first taste, a taste of pure pleasure, sweeter than honey and warm on my tongue. Traci grabbed my head and pulled closer to her womanhood. I circled my tongue around and pushed farther into her. I heard her sigh out loud. 

I ran my tongue up her slit and found her clitoris. I gently touched the sensitive bud and felt her tremble from head to foot, grabbing my shoulders to keep from falling. The pleasure I was deriving from pleasing this beautiful young woman caused me to shiver with delight. 

Traci grabbed my head and lifted my soaking chin. She looked into my eyes and asked if we could retire to the bedroom. I stood up and gently lifted her naked body from the floor and carried her into the bedroom. I laid her down and worked my way back to her sweet womanly charms and again started pleasing her with my mouth. 

She told me to remove my clothes. Considering the position we were in I had to stop and stand up. I removed my shirt while she began tugging at the buttons on my jeans. She pulled my pants down and then started running her mouth over my throbbing member while still in my briefs. She looked up at me and then slowly started sliding my briefs down until just the head of my cock was showing. She looked up at me again and slowly started licking the head. I thought I would fall down from the excitement. 

Traci smiled and then pulled my shorts off, letting my dick stand free in the air. 

I laid down beside her and started to run my tongue over her. She changed positions so I could have full access to her and my manhood was in her face. I rolled over on top of her and we began a 69 in earnest. 

I loved the flavor of her. She, in turn, was taking the full length of me in her hot, hungry mouth. Her lovely breasts were pressed against my midsection. Traci reached around my thigh and started rubbing my ass. Then she started running her fingers down the crack of my butt. When she reached my sensitive anus I almost came. I fought back the desire to climax and focused on the incredible feeling she was providing. 

Taking the clue, I started playing with her well-rounded, firm ass. When my fingers found her rosebud, I felt her whole body tighten and then begin to shudder in climatic delight. I held on while her body convulsed with my cock buried to the hilt in her warm mouth. As her climax began to subside I gently licked all around her pubic area, careful not to apply direct contact with her over-sensitive clit.

Traci then started pulling on my ass, forcing my cock deep into her throat and I soon found myself fucking her mouth. Then she said something strange. "I want you to sit up," she said. 

I pulled my cock out of her mouth and sat up. She grabbed me positioned my ass right over her face and then started licking up and down my ass. I had never before experienced such an incredible feeling. Then she stuck her tongue into my asshole. My body convulsed involuntarily. When I felt her wet tongue try to fuck my asshole I had to lean forward and place my hands on her knees to keep from falling forward. She raised her head momentarily and said, "your ass tastes so good." 

The sensations flooding my mind are indescribable. I couldn't help myself, I had to reach down and take hold of my throbbing cock and start jacking off. This seemed to delight her and she started to moan. She kept up her oral attack on my asshole while I writhed in more pleasure than I had ever imagined. Then, just as I was about to shoot my load all over her naked body, she slid underneath me and just past my balls, she rolled over and grabbed my dick and shoved into her mouth. Just in the nick of time she pulled back and looked up at me with her tongue out and let me watch my cock shoot several blasts of its white cum between her full lips. 

I was wondering if I would ever stop cumming. I was holding on to the bedposts to keep from falling off the bed. 

She licked me clean, sending shocks up my spine and finally I had to lie down. Amazingly, my cock wasn't ready to stop and stood straight up, aching for more.

"Did you like that," she asked.

"Oh yeah," I said. "I've never experienced anything quite as hot."

"Mmmmmm … I see you're still ready for more," she stated after looking down at my still throbbing dick. Then she reached over and started playing with my cock. When she knew I was ready to go again, she asked me if I would like her asshole too. I said yes and then she positioned herself on top of me and first offered me her sweet little pussy. 

I loved the taste of this girl, sweet and hot and very sexy. She eased herself forward and I spread her ample butt cheeks and started my own oral attack on her pick asshole. Traci was going crazy. She reached down with one hand and started rubbing her hard little clit while I was trying to bury my tongue as deeply into her ass as possible. 

Her ass was sopping from my oral stimulation and I decided to stick my finger into her ass. She just moaned loader and after a few minutes she said, "Damn it, I want you to fuck my ass."

Never in my life had I buggered a woman. I had wondered many times what it would feel like to have my cock buried in a tight little ass, but never had the courage to broach the subject with my wife. Now, here the opportunity faces me and with one of the sexiest women I had ever witnessed.

I changed positions with her, she rested her hands on the headboard. While on my knees behind her I pulled her ass cheeks apart and could the soaking wet rosebud, waiting for my assault. I spit on my hand and rubbed it around the head of my cock and then started gently rubbing it up and down the crack of her ass. She was moaning and then she said, "I can't this anymore. Shove your fucking cock into my ass."

I was trying to be gentle, but she apparently didn't want that. I placed the head of my cock against her tight bunghole and started to slowly press, but she started shoving back and before I knew it, my cockhead was buried. She stopped for a moment to allow me some time to enjoy this magnificent feeling and she pushed back harder. Soon my cock was buried deep into her bowels and I could feel her squeezing my cock with her tight sphincter muscle. Slowly I moved my cock in and out of her ass and she screamed at me, "Holy God man, fuck my ass, fuck my ass hard and fast."

I picked up the pace and found myself starting to lose my mind. The animal instincts in me surfaced and soon I had a hold of both her hips and was slamming my cock deep into her ass and grunting like an ape. She held onto the headboard with one hand and masturbated with the other while I ram fucked her tight asshole.

My balls were tightening, I knew I would cum soon. I had never known the thrill of fucking a tight ass, but now it was like a fever. I couldn't see straight, my body started to convulse and then I could feel the head of my cock tighten up. I started to say something to her but it was too late. The first blast out of my cock started filling her belly. At the same time she started having an earth-shattering climax. Her body shook all over, vibrating my overly sensitive cock even more. 

I grabbed her shoulders and pulled her towards me. I needed to get my cock as deep into her bowels as possible and I needed the support. She kept shaking and I kept shooting, load after load of thick cum into her receptive ass.

Finally, we both started to come back down to earth and I slid my semi-flaccid cock out of her ass and lay down beside her. She rolled over, kissed me and said, "That was a great fuck. God, I feel so relaxed."

We talked for a few moments than dozed off in each other's arms. 

About four in the morning I woke up because I heard a sound. Traci wasn't in the bed. I got up and looked all over the house, not a sign. Finally I put in my sweat pants and opened the front door only to see her car was missing also. 

Puzzled, I looked around the house for any kind of clue. A note, a number, anything. I found nothing.

I walked to the refrigerator to get a drink and when I opened the door a note was stuck on the side of a half empty six pack of beer.

It said, 

"Merry Christmas, you have been a good boy this year and I hope you enjoyed my Christmas present. 

Signed Santa Claus

P.S. The beer was fine, but next time it would be better to leave me milk and cookies." 

As I walked back to bed, scratching my head, I heard a voice on the roof say, "Merry Christmas to all an to all a good night." 

"Don't that beat all," I thought to myself. "Santa brought me just what I wanted."