 I'm not big on company parties. Really, I'm not. I don't enjoy socializing with these people when I'm on the clock, why should I inflict them on myself when I'm not getting paid for it? But, dammit, I don't wanna stay home, so I dragged my happy ass out of bed, took a shower and shaved and stood in front of my closer for half an hour to decide what to wear to the 15th annual Christmas Party of Hazelwood & Associates. I didn't want to look "fuck-me-good", but I did want to look. . .nice. So, I picked out a simple red dress. Well, it only looks simple. It's retro, knee length, and it doesn't need ironing. Whoo-hoo. Since the dress was simple, the makeup would be too. No blush. I hate blush, it gets kissed off, and that's messy. Just lipstick and eye shadow. So, with my face all made up, my hair held back with a clip, and a matching stole and purse, I drove my late-model BMW to the east side of town.

Every time I go to Mr. Hazelwood's house for a company function, I'm impressed by the sheer size of the place. How can such a huge house be supported by such a tiny slip of land? I toss my keys to the valet ("Be gentle with her, she's an heirloom") and walk in. Mr. Hazelwood goes all out for his people when it comes to his Christmas party. Almost all the upper staff is invited, right down to me, the rookie accountant. The house is ablaze with candles, and every breath is laced with pine and mint. Ok, maybe coming wasn't such a bad idea after all. I pick up a flute of champagne and wander about the house. The crowd is thin right now, mainly the married partners and their children. I'm roped into a conversation with Kevin from Research. He's had wandering eyes before he met his wife, and has tried to bed me since. 

"Hey, Karen. Nice to see you here. Did you come with anyone else?"

Oh, Jesus. Janet isn't five feet from him and he's trying to make a pickup. "Well, my mom is in town. She was going to come with me tonight, but she has some baking she wants to do and she says I get in the way." I smile. No, you can't have a quickie in my car OR house, you letch. He places his hand on my shoulder, the tiniest flash of disappointment apparent in his eyes.

"Well, maybe Janet and I can come over for cocktails one day."

"Yea, sure. One day." Ok, I think I may just head over to the country club and drink instead. At least I can pretend they're single there. I'm alone on the deck, and while it is cool, it is not prohibitively cold outside. A couple kids are lined up outside the gazebo on the back lawn. Oh, my god - -this guy's plunked down money to hire a Santa! This may be pretty fun to watch. I find one of the covered chairs on the deck and watch, reliving my childhood for a bit.

I did believe in Santa as a little girl. My parents didn't discourage it, but didn't really comfort me with Tommy Shelley told me Santa didn't exist. I was crying on the playground in 1st grade when he laughed and said, "You STILL believe in Santa? What a baby!" I still visited the Mall Santas with friends' kids, but this one was different. He looked like he was actually listening to the kids and asked whether they wanted a peppermint or fruity candy cane. Usually the kids are handed a cane and sent on their way. This one smiled stroked hair like they were his own. But the most compelling thing about him was his eyes. They were the most peculiar, kind shade of blue. I decided to get a closer look.

As if on cue, one of the servants brought out a tray of cookies and the kids swarmed like sharks on chum. I wanted to pig out too, but I figured I'd reconnect with old Santy Claus.

I walked down the steps across the lawn. Santa, who took a drink of water from a bottle didn't notice me readily, but he stopped before sitting up fully. "My God, children grow up quickly." 

"I'm not a kid anymore, Santa. But there are still some things I want for Christmas that I can't get from a store." I smiled at him, a plain sober smile. He smiled back. God, what a smile that old dude had.

"So, what do you want, my dear? You can sit on my lap if you wish." Ha. He may be Santa, I thought, but under that suit, he's still a guy.

"I'll stand for now, Santa." He leaned forward as I sipped my champagne thoughtfully.

"So, what do you want for Christmas?"

"Uhm--" Wow, I had something prepared, but I totally lost my train of thought. It was those eyes. I smiled. "I knew I wanted to say something, Santa. I just can't remember."

He took my hand in his. I breathed in the bracing scent of coffee and mint. I felt relaxed and warm as I took it in. The lack of wrinkles told me that he probably was a lot younger than those grey hairs. The warmth of his hand made my hand feel a little moist and clammy. "Now, Karen, try to remember."

I wasn't sure of my own name anymore and how he knew it. Oh, yea . . . he's Santa. He knows these things. "Well, my life is boring. I'm a CPA at a great firm. I'm single; I go to Fiddler's Green on Saturdays for swing dancing. I guess I just want a little excitement for Christmas, Santa. I don't want diamonds or anything expensive like that. All I want is something I'll remember for the rest of my life."

Santa nodded. "Well, Karen, I'll see what I can do. But I will say this. Sometimes all you can do is make your own excitement." He winked. Yep, Santa was right. But, I had faith. As I walked away, I was struck with a question.

"Santa, anyone ever asked what YOU want for Christmas?" My back was to him, and I really didn't expect an answer. Would I get a canned answer, or the thoughts of the person underneath the suit?

"You know, no one ever asked me that." The voice wasn't the resonant, deep voice of Santa. This was the ragged, but gentle voice of a tired man. "I guess all I want is a baby sitter for my son and a night out. Nothing has to happen. Just, I guess for a single dad not to be seen as a man." My heart went out to him. I wanted to tell him to blow this joint, hit a couple bars and have a little fun with me. But, he was still Santa. I wasn't gonna mess up his gig. I walked away without looking back, hoping in my heart I'd meet him again, without the worries he'd mentioned, and the ones I had thought about. After that, I actually felt a little ready to party.

When I returned to the party, it was now in full swing. The kids were gone, and it was mostly us singletons and the couples who either had no children or had sent them home to their au pairs. Kevin was there, AGAIN, but by himself. 

"Hey, Karen."

"Uh, hi Kevin. Where's Janet?"

"She went home with the kids. Want a drink?"

I looked down at my champagne glass. It was empty. And putting up with some of these people requited something a little harder. "Sure, refill it with some of that Grey Goose Chocatini that I saw Lilly with- Wait, I'll get it myself." I walked to the other side of the large living room to the bar and sat down next to Lilly, one of the older accountants.

"Enjoying yourself, Karen?"

"Seriously, Lilly?"

"Seriously."

I flipped my hand a little. "Eh. I've had more fun at the dentist."

Lilly smiled, her green eyes dancing a little. I knew she would understand. "I saw you outside having a nice little chat with Santa. Think you'll get what you asked for?"

"I dunno, it all depends on me. I'm wondering more if Santa will get what he wants for Christmas." I pulled out the cherry out my Chocatini and ate it. Maraschino. Yuck.

"Excuse me?" Lilly's brows shot up. "What do you know about what SANTA wants? I thought he straightened that shit out with Mrs. Claus!"

I smiled. "There is no Mrs. Claus in his case. There used to be, but not anymore."

"Uh-huh. I see." Lilly finished off her martini. "I'm guessing there's a little elf too."

"Yup . . . poor creature has no life, Lil. He just wants a night away, that's all. I don't know enough about him to help. I guess I'll just wish and pray that he gets what he wants."

"Make sure you aren't neglected, and you get what you want too, Karen. By the way, you doing that thing you usually do this weekend? " I saw Lilly smile her devious, I'm-thinkin' smile. 

"Uh, Yeah- - why? Gonna ditch Robert and join me?"

"Nah, not this week. I promise I will one day." Bullshit. Lilly has two left feet and wouldn't be caught dead at these things. "Ya'll meet at Borbe' Hall, right?"

"Not normally, but tomorrow night we are." I let it go. Besides, they were starting to dance. Eric, who sometimes goes to swing dances with me, asked me onto the floor. And I danced. Swing really is easy if you have rhythm, and the fact that you look good doing it (even in PJ pants and a tank top!) made it really attractive as exercise when I was in college. Now that I was out of college, it was a good way to meet men. Ok, that hadn't worked, but it was fun. The dancing at the party only made me look forward to swing dancing at the hall tomorrow night. 

I had to wait another hour before finally heading home at 3 A.M. Too many Chocatinis.

I slept fitfully and kept thinking back to the Santa. His eyes kept staring at me, through me. I wondered what kind of man was under the suit. He obviously did it for the love of the children; he seemed a little more shy with me. Maybe it was the question I asked. I slowly started to imagine him without that hat, wig, beard OR suit. I cuddled my pillow as I imagined my fingers running through dark hair and kissing full lips, my body enveloped in steady arms with gentle hands. I rolled over to my back, and slid my panties off. I had been so tired from work in the past couple weeks that I had drifted straight to sleep. But tonight, I wanted to get off. I'm pretty vanilla when it comes to masturbation. I reached into my bedside table for my vibrator. I was already wet, my clit already hard and receptive to my fingers. I rubbed for a little bit then slid the vibrator inside me. I moved it in and out, feeling my body hold onto the object I'd inserted as I stroked my clit a little faster, thinking of his hands and tongue on me, his fingers and cock inside me. I arched my back as I shuddered and came. So damned good. I'd be freaking happy if I got anything half as good as that. With that sardonic thought and sexual satiation I went to sleep.

I didn't wake up until 11A.M. Damn, I missed my hair appointment. And that was very bad. The Christmas Party was one of the big events of the Vintage Society, and you had to show up looking RIGHT. Everything had to be in tip top shape: dress, shoes, and hair. They wouldn't turn you away if you weren't Vintage, just it wouldn't look right if you had the dress and shoes, but not the hair. I was supposed to have it marcelled, and wear my Sweater Girl outfit. Meh. If I can't have it all the way, I won't have none at all! I'll just slum it for the Christmas party.

I spent the day doing whatever one does on a Saturday. I lounged around the house, ran some errands. I found myself staring at every blue eyed guy, fancying to see the same kind spark in their eyes, but I realized that – well, I didn't know his name. His real name. And with that thought, the realization came: I may never meet him again. Why would a guy like that have an effect on me? I couldn't stop thinking of him for the rest of the afternoon. 

When it was dusk, I took a shower. I started out with the idea being quick, but I must have left the massaging head on. God, I gotta keep track of those things. I showered, doused perfumed oil, and then slid on a black thong that really was nothing more than a butterfly over my pubic area. I was gonna slum it, yes, but I was going to do with style. My black Adidas tearaway pants, a matching tank top and a satin jacket. Oh, yea, I'm cute. Finally some old-school sneakers and a roll of masking tape to slide around the floor. I smiled at my reflection and felt like I could charm Prince William.

Borbe' Hall already had a short line. I checked my overcoat and paid $5 for entrance. That's another reason why I liked swing dancing. It was cheap. I sat on one of the benches in the coat check room and started taping my sneakers when I saw someone walk past me. A familiar scent of mint and coffee made me do a double take. Nah, it CAN'T be him. But by the time I finished taping my shoes and sat up, he was gone. So, I went onto the floor. 

"Jump, Jive and Wail" was playing. I saw Harlan, one of the most awesome dancers that came only to the big parties, and he put me through a hell of a work out. I was spinning, quick stepping and stopping until my head swam. After two songs, I HAD to stop. I found one of the couches, and pulled a bottle of water out a cooler. "Damn, I love this."

"I'd love this too, if I knew how." I pulled my head off the back of the couch and turned my head to see a man in a bowling shirt and loose slacks, topped off with a matching black fedora. He looked great. The smell of coffee and mint itched at my nose again. Oh MAN, if that's the Santa, he looks great. He had an open, friendly face, and a tendril of brown hair curled across his forehead. Almost like the fantasy.

"What do you mean, you don't know how? It's not that hard." I stood up, and offered my hand. I took it and nearly passed out. It was HIM! My mouth went dry and I gently smiled. "My name's Karen. Yours?"

He smiled. He knew that I knew. But, he played along. "Hi, Karen. I'm Nick. Very nice to meet you." His lips formed the words, "Again." Ha. A Santa named Nick. Isn't that a scream.

I led him to a corner of the floor, away from the crowd, so he wouldn't get in mine or his own way. "Alright. You put your hand here, at the bra line--"

He blushed, and put his hand on my back. "Um, Karen, you're not wearing one."

It was my turn to blush. "Alright, ok, Nick. Well, put your hand here, kinda under my shoulder blade, k? Then when it's open, you can just drop your hands to hold-"

He smiled a knowing smile. "You were saying?"

I found myself. "Alright, it's really simple, just a triple step each side with a rock. You start on your left, I start on my right." Nick nodded. And he led. It felt good to move with him. And he was a pretty quick study, learning some of the spins and the flourish moves without much prompting. Soon we moved closer to the middle of the floor. 

I hadn't looked up at him; I admit I was watching his feet. I couldn't meet his gaze. I was all but sure. I finally looked up and was met by those eyes. He was smiling. "You couldn't even look at me in Hazelwood's backyard. But I couldn't take my eyes off you." I felt heat spread across my face and chest, and chills across my back. Despite the warmth from within me, and being pulled close to him, I could feel my nipples getting hard against his chest, almost aching as they rubbed against the fabric of my top. I finally smiled. 

"But Nick, it's not as if you got THAT good of a look at me."

"Yeah, I did. I even noticed your upper ear piercing." He ran his fingers through my hair, feeling his fingertips glance off my cheek, touching off another wave of heat from within as well as from below. I pulled myself into an open position; I needed to breathe a little. But the music had other ideas. The slow bass of "Fever" led Nick to pull me close, and I was compelled to look up at him again.

He moved his hips slowly against mine to the beat, and he moved almost as if he were simply skin against me. I was getting turned on. I didn't want him to notice. But I could tell he was feeling the same. I had NEVER danced swing like THIS, and it was making me wet. I let him pull me close. "Like I said, I noticed the hoop up there--" I let him move my hair aside and wrap his lips around the edge of my ear. My nails dug into his shoulder and neck at feeling his cool breath and warm tongue on my skin. I gently pulled myself away and kept dancing . I could feel a bead of sweat on my forehead. We were in the middle of the rhythmic throng, but it was more than that. I looked up at him.

"Uh, I think I'm gonna take a breath of fresh air. Give me a minute." He nodded, and I walked to the opposite side of the hall and stepped through the open doors into the courtyard. It was empty, but it felt so good to feel the wind against my skin so that I could cool down. I sat on a bench. I didn't think I was going to happen like this. I adjusted myself, I knew my thong must be soaked - and I hadn't even kissed him. 

I had fantasized about it, but did I have the balls to do it? "Ugh, Karen, it's just one kiss."

"Then why haven't you kissed me yet?" Nick leaned on the brick wall across from me. I instinctively blushed and I felt my throat go dry. I tried to form the words I don't know, but I couldn't. "What did you say, Karen?"

"I don't know why I haven't kissed you."

"Then maybe I should kiss you, and you can make up your mind from there."

He then walked over to me, put his hands on my shoulders, leaned in and lightly sealed his lips over mine. I ran my fingers through his rich brown hair down to the back of his neck. I stood up and let him lean me against the wall. I put my other arm around his back as his arms wound around my waist. He continued to kiss me, as I gently pulled away to lick his lips. He indulged my cat-and-mouse game, chasing and catching my mouth with his again. There were tears in my eyes, maybe from how cold it was, or maybe at how good his lips felt. I finally pulled away. So warm inside, but shivering in his arms. I looked up at him, finally, and didn't blush in the gaze of those blue-green eyes. He looked back, rubbing my shoulders. His cheeks were now red, his breath hanging in the air, and we went back inside. 

I was almost too turned on to dance, but the adrenaline kept us on the floor. He had a natural rhythm and grace, all while being a little playful. I made the first move, sliding my hand down his back, securing my thumb in the waist of his slacks. He responded by turning me around and pressing my rear up against his now erect member. He leaned in and whispered, "This sounds cheesy, but Christmas does come early, if that's what you want." Damn. I didn't wanna seem easy, but DAMN! I WANT THIS! Fuck this; I can't be that shy anymore.

"It's only the 19th, but I think Santa wouldn't mind an early visit." With that, he took my hand and we left the dance at the oh-so-late-hour of 11p.m. Once outside, he glanced around the lot. 

"Where's your car, Karen?"

"I took the bus and train here. I still had some cash on my MetCard before it expired."

"Okay." He walked me to a nondescript car, and opened the door for me. I sat there for a moment, as he took my hand and kissed it. I turned and kissed him again. I felt his hands, now a little cold, slide up my arm and across my shoulder. I pulled myself closer to him as he worked to undo the snaps of my jacket. I tossed the jacket to the backseat and crawled across the center console to straddle him. I started to unbutton his shirt as I nibbled his ear, and licked down to suck his earlobe. I could feel him stiffen through his pants as he kissed and sucked on my neck, dropping a strap on my tank top. He was kissing down my chest, each kiss warming and making me pull closer to him, wrapping my legs around his waist. Then I saw my shadow cast against the glass. It was just a passing car, but I thought better to leave now than later.

"Nick, I think we may end up putting on a bit of a show." I slid off his lap, an erection quite visible. "Maybe we should go." I stroked his cheek.

"Yeah, I don't think I could explain something like that too well." He started the car, and we drove off. We were arriving in a somewhat nice part of town, not far from the university. He drove down a narrow street and parked across from a townhouse. "Well, this is where I live. Do you still want to do it in the car?" 

I unlocked my door. "No, let's go inside." He came around, grabbed my hand, and then walked me across the street. When he got to the door, he lifted me up in a sudden motion so that I was bum-over-teakettle.
