 Over the next week, we emailed back and forth about the job, and we finally agreed that she would come in on the following Monday afternoon for an interview. Even though I owned the company, she would still have to go through a formal HR process and screening. She was worried, but I told her that it was just a formality.

Ironically, my secretary had just left. Her husband had gotten a job in another state, so the timing was great. I was hoping that Kim would be a perfect fit for the job, and she seemed excited about the opportunity.

On Monday afternoon, HR brought her to my office for the interview. She was nervous, so I suggested that the girl from HR just leave her with me and I would make sure that she got taken care of. 

Kim looked great, really great. Something about her was different. Even through her nerves, she had this underlying confidence that I had never seen in her. She was wearing a conservative white silky button down blouse, and a peach and white patterned skirt that came just to her knees. She had a peach scarf over the blouse, and her hair was pulled back with a comb. She looked like the perfect person to represent me. She wasn't wearing hose, and she had black pumps with a short heel. A little makeup, but very conservative. Just foundation, I think. 

When Julie from HR introduced us, we both laughed and I told her that we had known each other for many years. "Well then, you don't need me to get in the way. I'll just leave you two. Call me if you need anything further, Mrs. Stenson."

"Thank you, Julie, I appreciate your help."

With that, Julie excused herself and closed my office door behind her. I went over to Kim and gave her a hug and thanked her for coming in. I really did need this to be somewhat professional, even though I hoped that we would be able to have some fun now and then. 

The feel of her breasts against me as we hugged got my dick started. She was wearing perfume that was very enticing. Floral, not strong but it got my attention. Wow, this woman had me and she had no idea. I would have given her anything.

I invited Kim to sit on the couch, and I sat in the chair next to her. The couch was a little low, and she had trouble sitting down. The height surprised her, and she couldn't keep her knees together. She gasped, and I saw a lot of her thighs. I smiled and enjoyed the view. It still looked great to me. 

We talked about the position, about her qualifications, and about what I needed for her to do for me. I have to have someone who can manage my calendar and make sure that I meet my obligations. Kim was perfectly suited to this role, and she would have been an obvious choice for the job. I did tell her that there would be some travel and later nights now and then. She agreed that she would make herself available as much as I needed her. 

"The only thing is that I can't work Sundays. If Tom gets a church, then I'll have to be fully available on Sundays for the church." I agreed, but said that we might have to leave for a trip on Sunday evenings now and then, if she didn't mind. She agreed.

I said, "Kim, we need to talk about salary and benefits. How much were you looking for?"

"I really need $30,000. I wish I could take less, but I just can't afford to with my daughter going to college soon."

I smiled and said, "Well, I was thinking that, because of the demands of the job and the time away from home, I would have to pay you more. Would $80,000 be ok? Plus, there will be a company car and clothing allowance for you. And we'll see about getting your daughter a scholarship for school, of course."

Her jaw dropped, and I thought she was going to start crying. "John, you can't do that. It wouldn't be right. I'm not worth that much."

I reached over and put my hand on her knee. "You are to me. Your work will make me a better employer and person, and I'll be money ahead by taking some of the pressure off of you and Tom. I believe in investing in people, Kim, regardless of the circumstances that may have brought us together."

We both stood up, and she said, "I hope you'll be willing to help me learn all of the things that I need to do for you, John. I'm a very willing student."

"I'm looking forward to it, Kim. When can you start?"

"I can start tomorrow, if you like. I, um, already gave my notice at my other job, hoping that this would work out."

"Perfect. I'll let Julie know to expect you tomorrow morning at 9 to fill out the paperwork."

"John, I was hoping that you would have to give me a test to prove that I was willing to work for you. Would you like to test my loyalty?" She reached to the side of her hip and unzipped her skirt. It fell to the floor and revealed a very cute pair of stretchy tan bikini panties. Her bush was puffing out the front of the panties, and her breathing started to deepen. 

I stood up and went to the office door and locked it. I came back to her and reached for her, and brought her lips to mine. We kissed deeply, and she seemed ravenous. "Oh John, I have been hoping that you would kiss me again." 

I pulled her tightly to me and squeezed her ass while I humped my cock against her. "Well, Mrs. Stenson, there is one little test that I wouldn't normally conduct with my secretary, but I have a feeling that this will be a key part of your work with me." 

I held her away from me slightly and untied the scarf from her neck. Then I unbuttoned her blouse and opened it. Her bra matched her panties, and her nipples were already trying to poke through the cups. 

"What kind of test, sir?"

I unsnapped her bra as I kissed her again, and she shrugged out of it. It fell to the floor with the rest of her clothes. My hands reached for her panties, and I pulled those down as well.

I led her back to the couch, and I sat her down. Her breathing was already ragged, and I stood in front of her and removed my shirt and then my slacks, kicking my shoes off in the process. I pulled my socks off but left my boxers on. The fly was unbuttoned, and my cock started to work through the opening. She was already trying to grab for it. 

"I've missed you, John. I've been hoping that we could do this again. Make love to me. I can't wait to feel you again."

"I can't wait either, dear Kim."

I knelt down in front of her and kissed her again. Her perfume and the taste of her lips, the feel of her breast in my hand, all of that combine to send my mind spinning. I broke the kiss and asked, "Kim, have you ever done anything with a man other than sex? I mean, have you ever had a man explore your body all over?"

"I don't understand, John. What else could there be other than intercourse? That's what men and women do, isn't it?"

"Oh, Kim, you are in for a treat. Just sit back and let me go to work." I kissed her full on the mouth, and our tongues swirled together. Then I kissed her neck, then her shoulder, and then I moved my mouth to her breast. She clearly enjoyed having her tits sucked, because she thrust them forward for my mouth, and held my head as I licked and sucked her nipples. 

"Oh John, don't stop, please don't stop. That feels so good."

Meanwhile, my hand moved to her pussy and her legs opened eagerly for my hand. She was already wet and I could smell her excitement. I thought that my cock was going to explode without her even touching it, but I was determined to teach her what it felt like to have a man lick her pussy. 

As I continued to suckle, I pulled her hips forward and she slid forward on the couch so that her hips were on the edge. Her head fell back and she was ready for my mouth. I slid two fingers into her pussy and stroked her g spot, and her hips started rocking in response. She was wet, so wet. This was a woman who was ready to fuck. But I wasn't ready to give her my cock, not just yet. 

I moved my mouth from her breast to her stomach, but I kept stroking my fingers in and out of her pussy. She was moaning and seemed ready to explode. And then I moved my mouth to her clit and licked.

She jumped and cried, "What are you doing? You can't do that! That's dirty!"

I pulled her back down and stroked her legs. "It's good, you will love it. Trust me, baby. I promise that you will enjoy it."

I put my fingers back inside her pussy and spread her knees again. I kissed her on the mouth and her hips started rocking again. I moved my head to her pussy and blew gently on her clit. 

She gasped, and I drew my tongue against it again. One long, slow stroke from her pussy to her clit. Then I swirled my tongue around her clit, all while my fingers continued to saw in and out of her. 

Her pussy was a thing of beauty. I hadn't really seen it before, but now I was looking at it directly, and it was gaping open. The juice was flowing out of it , and I could almost see it throb with her heartbeat.

"Oh, John, that's so wrong. You shouldn't be doing that. That's so dirty, you shouldn't be doing this." But she didn't push me away.

I continued working her pussy and clit, tasting her sweet juices. She was starting to relax and enjoy the feelings, and I replaced my fingers with my tongue. I moved my thumb to her clit and rubbed it while my tongue fucked her hole. 

After her initial reluctance, she started to really enjoy it. She was holding my head, stroking her fingers through my hair while I worked her pussy with my tongue. One of the things that makes Kim such a great lover is that her personality seems to change as she gets turned on. She goes from this quiet, shy, conservative woman to a wild, sexy lover. Once she got past the idea that my tongue shouldn't be in her "privates", she enjoyed the the tongue fucking like no other woman that I have ever been with. After 10 minutes, she was holding my head tight to her pussy and begging me to keep licking. "Oh God, John, that feels so good. Don't stop, my love, don't stop. I want to feel your tongue inside me more. Give it to me, John. Oh God, John, you're making me lose control!!"

Her orgasm was strong, and she held me in place while she exploded. I don't think she actually squirted, but there was lots of juice for me. And she tasted wonderful. I licked her clean from her clit to her ass, as she came down from that powerful, gut-wrenching orgasm. 

She finally let go of my head and I moved up so that I could kiss her breasts again. I didn't think that she would want to taste her pussy on my tongue, so I didn't kiss her right away. But she pulled me up to her face and swallowed my tongue. She was purring while we made out, and I kept massaging her breasts. 

"John, it's time to fuck me. Get that thing inside me now!"

I pulled her up and then I led her to my desk. I shoved everything off the desk and sat her on the edge. She sat there with her legs spread, waiting for me to guide my cock inside. Her nipples were so hard, and her chest was red from the excitement. Her whole body looked flushed. 

I moved up to her and guided my cock to her pussy. I held it with my hand and stroked it along her opening, enjoying the feel of her juices on the head. Sliding the head over the clit, down to her hole, getting more juice and back up to her clit. Teasing her with my cock. Her body responded, the anticipation driving her wild.

"Fuck me, John. I need it so much. Please John, don't make me wait."

I pulled her hips to the edge of the desk with my left hand, and my right hand guided the big head of my cock to her hole. I wanted to watch it go inside her. My cock seemed to grow. I got the head just inside her, and then I pulled her to me and kissed her deeply while my cock slid effortlessly into her tiny, tight pussy. For a woman in her 40s, she had such a tight pussy. You'd think that she had never had a cock before this. 

Her pussy swallowed my cock like we were made for each other, and she threw her head back and moaned with pleasure. "Oh yes, my love. Oh that feels wonderful. I love feeling so full."

I started working my hips, my cock moving slowly and steadily in and out of her. Her pussy almost had a vacuum, like it didn't want to let go of me. The pleasure that I was feeling was incredible. Her body was responding to my thrusts, and she was already going to cum again.

"Oh God, Oh God, it's so good. Oh John, I want you so much. I don't want to ever let you go again. Fuck me so good baby. Fuck me so gooooooood."

I shoved my cock all the way in, my flesh entwined with her. I held it in place, resisting the urge to pound away. I wanted to savor the feel of her pussy, wanted to enjoy the look of erotic pleasure that was all over her body. We were joined as closely as a man and a woman can be, and it was heaven. 

Finally, her hips started rolling under me, and her legs wrapped around my hips as she ground her pussy against me. I reluctantly started working my cock in and out of her, knowing that I wouldn't be able to hold back much longer. The feelings were too good, too intense, and I wanted to make it last as long as possible. But nature was calling me to shoot deep inside her, and I couldn't resist much longer. 

Kim was talking incoherently now, just a running stream of "Oh yeah" and "mmmm" and "fuck me baby, fuck me." I didn't know that she would ever use words like "fuck", but I guess that I had brought something out of her that she didn't know about. She had animal instincts just like the rest of us. It just took a good fucking to bring it out of her. I was happy to help her along the way. God, this woman was the lover that I always hoped she would be. 

My thrusts were getting stronger, and I was pounding my cock into her. Her head was back, and she laying flat on the desk with her legs spread and wrapped around me. Her hands were holding on to the edge to keep her from being shoved off the other side of the desk. With every thrust, her boobs bounced up towards her face, then fell back in place. I love watching a woman's tits jump while I'm fucking her, and hers were flying up and down with every stroke. 

Finally, she let out this long groan and cried, "Oh God, here it comes! Harder, baby, harder! I'm almost there!" And then her body stiffened while she came, her legs locked tight around me, her arms straight out. Her back arched and she just groaned with the sound of pleasure. Her pussy was like a vise and I could feel the spasms of her orgasm, squeezing and releasing, rings of spasms covering my entire cock.

I couldn't hold back; my cock was too close, and the pleasure was too great. I pushed hard once last time and buried my cock all the way in. My balls against her ass, my pubes against hers, and the head of my cock pushed hard against her cervix. The cum shot out of me like I was a teenager again and I was sure that every shot of cum was going straight into her womb. Her cervix had opened wide to receive my seed. 

I spasmed as well, my whole body going weak after fucking for that long while standing up. My legs were gone, and my upper body fell onto her. She wrapped her arms around me, kissed me gently and said, "Who's going to clean up this mess? There are papers everywhere!"

We both started laughing like two little kids with a huge secret that was ours and ours alone. Finally, she unlocked her legs from my hips and I reluctantly pulled away from her, my cum dripping from her gaping pussy. She was a vision, and we would be together every day. I doubted that we would be able to fuck on my desk every day, but I was pretty sure that we would find ways to enjoy each other. 

I left her on the desk and went to my restroom to get her a warm towel. After we both cleaned up, we dressed and got ready to leave. I didn't want her to go, but I knew that it was the right thing to do.

Kim asked, "How did you learn about doing that with your mouth? I've never heard of such a thing! And do you have any other surprises for me?"

"Baby, I have many, many more ways to make you cum."

"Cum? What's that?"

"An orgasm. Just another word that doesn't sound so clinical."

"Well, what else can we try? I want to try everything with you, if that's ok." She kissed me and held her body close to me. I wrapped my arms around her.

"Well, you can, you know, taste me just like I tasted you. If you want to try it sometime. It's fun for me but not many women seem to enjoy doing it."

She blushed. "I've never even thought about doing such a thing! It seems so dirty!" But then she added, "I guess I'm willing to try if you are willing to let me."

I hugged her tight and assured her that I was happy to teach her all the ways of love. On the job training, sort of. 

Chapter 2

The next morning, Julie and Kim met and got all of her employee paperwork figured out. I made sure that Julie knew that nothing was to stand in the way of getting this done quickly. I know it sounds like I was just looking for sex with my secretary, but Kim was about to become a very important part of my work. I really rely on my secretary to keep me on track, and Kim had the skills to make my work life much easier. The fact that she was my dream love was just an added benefit. The fact that she was willing to have a "mutually beneficial" relationship was even better. But I would have hired her regardless of any past or future relationships that might have been between us. 

At about 9:30, Kim arrived at my office. She was radiant, and I smiled at the sight of her. I invited her into my office and had her sit in the chair by my desk. I took my seat behind my desk. 

Kim was wearing a simple navy blue dress with blue shoes. The dress was not a really heavy material, but it wasn't exactly silky. It clung to her curves, but in a very professional way. There were silver buttons on the front of the dress, beginning just above her breasts and ending just a couple of inches above the hem. A lovely silver scarf was around her neck, so that she was showing no cleavage at all. She was also wearing nylons, I noticed. Her hair was held with a bun, and her makeup was simple. The epitome of the professional woman. You would never guess that Kim was a tiger that could be unleashed at any time. 

Before I could even say anything, she said, "John, I think we need to talk and make sure that we set some ground rules about our working relationship before we go any further. When we are working, we both need to work and not let the other things distract us from getting the work done." It was like she had read my mind. I relaxed.

"So, during working hours, I will call you Mr. Pitney. You may call me Mrs. Stenson or Kim, whichever you prefer." 

"Kim it is. Also, please call me John. We're really not that formal around here. But I see where you are going, so please continue."

"Yes sir, John it is. Also, I want you to understand that I'm not just a plaything. If you hired me just for sex, then I might as well leave right now. I'm a professional, and I expect to be treated like one."

"I agree. I wouldn't have it any other way. You can be a big help to me here, and I'm looking forward to that."

Kim checked the item off of her list. I loved that she came to work with a list. "Ok, next. I do not want to be your secretary. I am not a secretary, and I'm not going to start now. I'll be your Admin, your Assistant, or almost anything else. But my title should not be secretary. This isn't the 1950s, John."

"That's great. My goal is that you will be much more than a secretary anyway, so I'll let you create the title and eventually your work will match the role. It's only called Secretary because that's what my last sec, um, assistant wanted it to be. I don't care."

She continued. "Next. I cannot let this relationship interfere with my family life or yours. I love Tom, and you love Jenny. We have to make sure that we don't disrupt their lives. So I want to keep an intimate relationship with him, if he wants it. But to be honest, he hasn't seemed that interested in quite a while. I'm assuming that you will also continue with Jenny. I know that you and I will have opportunities to have relations now and then, but I must insist that we maintain some discretion. We can't keep doing what we did yesterday. That was too dangerous.
