 It was nice having a bit of a network. 

Just like in the world of careers. Swingers can be that way too.

I was in an open relationship and in my 40s. But the thing about swinging, is that the male part of the couple rarely, if ever, gets to go it alone. The opportunities were slim to none. Usually none.

My lucky break came when I posted an ad online one day, looking for couple. The "straight single guy seeks couple" section.

Usually the majority of couples in that section are looking for 10" or bigger cocks. That was not me. I had a straight 6 inches. So I was just throwing a line out and seeing if I got a nibble.

I actually got a response, from a Mexican couple no less. Juan and Teresa. Apparently, he had a regular guy for the wife, but the guy moved. And so they were looking for another guy to take his place. But the wife did not want a huge cock. Just average size is what she wanted.

Bingo. I fit the bill. 

And so began my fun nights of meeting at a hotel, and banging his wife while he watched and took photos. 

She was nice. About 130 lbs, nice looking. Her English was not as good as his. It was no problem though.

Then one week, Juan emails me. He says they have a friend who is interested in trying the "lifestyle."

Intrigued, I ask for more info.

He said she is married, but the husband is in Mexico a lot. Juan said that her name is Maria and that she is about the same size as his wife. He sent me a photo of Maria. 

Yep, she was indeed, almost exactly the same size as his wife. 

I texted him, "Hell yes, I'd be interested."

So Juan did all the scheduling. It was going to be me, him and Maria. Interesting. I did not inquire as to who knew what, as far as their spouses.

My girlfriend definitely knew where I was going and what for.

The meeting night came, and I got a hotel room. I was there first.

I hear a knock, and open the door.

In walks Juan with Maria. 

Smiling, I shook his hand, and said "Hola, como esta ustedes?" At least I remembered that from Spanish class. He laughed.

Maria looked a bit nervous as I shook her hand too. First time jitters no doubt.

She was wearing a dress and was about my height. Good looking.

I washed my hands, came out and chatted with Juan. Maria sat on the bed. I asked if she would wash her hands too. So she got up and went to the bath while Juan and I talked a bit.

He basically said she was just curious to try it. So she wasn't looking for anything wild and crazy. That was just fine with me.

Out Maria came, still nervous. Juan and I smiled at her as she sat on the edge of the bed.

I walked over and sat next to her. She didn't quite know how to react. I'm sure she was very tense. Juan said something to her in Spanish.

I stood up and took Maria's hand. She stood up next to me, and I gave her a long hug.

"Take a few deep breaths and try and relax," I said.

She did. I know she felt a bit awkward.

I began kissing her neck from behind while I held her. Slow kisses. I reached up and massaged her shoulders a bit. Then moved my hands back around her and kissed the other side of her neck while I pressed myself against her ass.

Arturo turned the heat up on the wall mounted unit in the room. 

I turned Maria around and kissed her on the lips. She was hurried. 

I said, "There was plenty of time, just relax."

Reaching behind her I found the zip on her dress and lowered it down, while kissing her.

She wiggled out of it and let it fall to the floor. I reached down and unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans. She reached down to feel my crotch. My bulge was definitely getting larger.

I had her turn around again, and when she did, I unhooked her bra. She took it off. My hands moved around her to her stomach, and then up to her nice tits. Solid B cups. She let out a sigh.

Motioning for the bed, I had her lay down on her back. Climbing on top after I removed my jeans and shorts, I kissed her more as her right hand found my semi-hard cock and stroked it. She knew she was about to get fucked by a guy she just met.

I moved up and knelt by her face so she could suck my cock. She was not shy about it. As she enjoyed my hot shaft, I fingered her pussy through her panties. My cock was hard in her mouth in no time.

Juan sat on the edge of the bed and watched, once in a while massaging her breasts.

I moved and got off the bed. Reaching down, I removed Maria's black panties. A nice shortly trimmed bush greeted my eyes. My tongue was ready as I lowered myself between her legs.

It must have been a good fifteen minutes of pussy licking before she got relaxed. I wasn't complaining. I love eating pussy.

Juan remained dressed and just kept his hands busy on her tits as I worked her clit with my tongue. She slowly started squirming around.

She started to moan louder as I brought her to the edge. Finally she came really good. There was no doubt based on her vocals.

Juan said, "Nice job."

I paused to grab a condom and slide it on my pulsing shaft. Then I went down on her again, right to her clit with my finger inside her this time. The good old g-spot massage with tongue on clit. She was liking it a lot. She came hard again.

Quickly, I slid my cock into her and started to pump her.

Maria sounded like she was bench pressing her max weight when she orgasmed. It started slow and gradually built as she hit her peak. I fucked her good and deep and could feel her contract on my shaft.

My load filled the condom in a flood of pleasure.

I kissed her again and slid out.

Laying next to her, I used my fingers on her pussy. Slowly working them up and down her lips and massaging her clit. It didn't take long before she was in the throes of orgasmic pleasure again.

Maria laughed a bit, realizing the oddity of her naked between one naked guy and one clothed guy. She was definitely more relaxed now.

So we got washed and dressed. Chatted a bit more and then parted. I kissed Maria for about five seconds before they walked out.

I said, "It was a pleasure meeting you. I hope we can meet again."

She smiled and said, "yes, very nice."

So off they went and I relaxed for a while on the bed, checking my phone messages before I left.

I texted my girlfriend, "I just fucked another Hispanic woman."

She replied, "Did she enjoy it?"

"What do you think?" I asked.

"I know she did," was her reply.

I made the 30 minute trip back home along the highway. Amazed at my luck. It was a good night. I had no idea when I met Juan and his wife Teresa, that he would have another woman in the wings. You just never know.

The next day, I had Juan pass on a text message to Maria, that I really enjoyed the evening. And I thanked him for introducing us.

A few weeks or so pass. I get a random text. It's Juan again.

He said, "Maria would like to meet again. But she wants to meet you by herself this time."

Oh nice I thought. 

"Sure, that's not a problem. When was she thinking?" I texted back.

We got the schedule set. She lived about an hour and a half North of me. And she has kids and works. So the easiest way to do it was for me to drive up there and get a room.

So that's what the plan was.

I made the reservations online. This was going to be an early morning meeting. Maria only had about 90 minutes time. So what I wound up having to do was to spend the night at the hotel, and get the action in before I checked out the next morning. Thankfully checkout was at noon.

Fun day had arrived. My girlfriend already knew why I was heading out. She said, "Have fun. Be careful driving."

I grabbed my duffel bag and hit the road about 9pm. Got to the hotel about 10:30pm. No pressure. Easy drive.

After checking in, and going up to the third floor, I checked out the room. All was fine. So I settled in, and watched some tv and did some stuff on my computer. 

I sacked out around midnight or so.

Maria, was due to arrive about 10am. All the communication to her was being relayed through Juan. 

I got up around 8:15am. Grabbed some fruit and juice at the breakfast area downstairs. Came back to the room. And spent a half hour waking up.

Then it was grooming time. Shave, shower, etc. Don't want to be rushing.

It was a nice sunny day. I had about a half hour before Maria was to show.

I let Juan know all was good to go. I was ready for her.

"She's almost there," he texted.

After a bit, I hear a light knock on the door.

I open the door, and there is Maria, all dolled up and looking sexy as hell. She wore a different dress. Tight fitting black. Nice. 

She walked in and I said, "Hello," while giving her a hug.

Maria's English was better than Teresa's. So she could understand more of what I said. And I had good old translate on the phone, just in case.

She washed her hands and came back to the room. Two queen beds.

Her kids were texting her, so there was a bit of a delay. 

My hands roamed her very nice ass. She put the phone down and then turned around. Still a bit nervous, she kissed me. It didn't take too long for her raging sex drive to kick in.

We fell onto the bed, wrapped up like snakes, kissing, hands roaming.

She got on top and undid my pants. My cock was out in no time and her mouth was on it with a vengeance. Goodness. Wow, she was starving. I had to slow her down a bit.

I watched her mouth wrap around my shaft. Man that is exciting as hell. Her dress was drooping open a bit, no bra. I reached and grabbed handfulls of her lovely breasts, gently pinching her nipples.

She straightened up and pulled off the dress. Totally naked. Nice!

"Fat or skinny?" she asked.

"Just perfect," I replied as she reached for my cock and stroked it.

I pointed and said, "I had a vasectomy about ten years ago."

She looked at me a bit puzzled. "Vasectomia," I said.

"Really?" she asked.

"Mhmmm, many years ago," I said.

I grabbed her and pushed her over onto her back. Kissing her passionately, while she had a hand on my cock.

Working my way to her beautiful tits, I sucked them gently, then more firmly pulling her breast into my mouth.

My body moved in line with hers, and I took her head in my hands and kissed her deeply, my tongue dancing with hers. My cock twitched, the head brushing against her pussy lips.

I said to her, "Sixty nine."

She understood. I laid down and she lowered her pussy onto my mouth. Her mouth engulfed my cock. Bliss. Just wonderful pure bliss. My hands on her ass. My tongue driving into her. 

I had to pause and say, "No me hagas el orgasmo." Basically, don't make me cum. Thankfully I memorized that one before she arrived.

We rolled onto our side, my face still in her crotch and my cock still in her mouth. I moved more attention to her clit. My tongue doing circles around it. She would suck me more aggressively as she got closer to orgasm. I had to stop her. She was going to make me bust my nut too early.

Switching positions, I had her lay more in the center of the bed. I laid next to her, my cock by her knees now. Using my fingers I tickled her clit. My fingers were wet with her passion as they smoothly slid over her folds of skin. 

I brought her closer and closer, until her distinctive vocal appeared as she came. My fingers gently massaged her pussy as she wound down a bit.

Moving myself closer to her, but at a ninety degree angle, I took my cock in my right hand and, dripping pre-cum, rubbed it on her clit, then down until my head disappeared in her, and back up to her clit. 

Then I slowly let my whole, bare shaft slide into her. She moaned deeply. Her right leg in the air, I reached over with my right hand again and gave her the clit stroking tango with my fingers. Just leaving my erect shaft motionless in her. 

Her pussy was nice and wet. I worked my fingers around her and she started cumming again. I just let my cock rest still in her, as I felt her contractions around me. So nice.

One more time I did that, and then I got on top of her, let my shaft penetrate her, and kissed her deeply. She was in heaven. 

I wanted to taste that pussy again. Moving down, I got on it with my tongue. My chin and lips wet with her juice. I lapped at her like a thirsty dog. Sucking her clit into my mouth and pulsing it across my teeth. She came again, hard. 

As soon as she came I got back on top of her and started fucking her again, balls deep. She could taste her pussy on my mouth. When I got close, I moved off and planted my mouth on her pussy again. Another orgasm, this time using my fingers to massage her g-spot. And it was intense. 

I needed to fuck her hard. I put her shoulders on my legs and began to pound her with my bare cock. Slowly and then harder and harder. She came again, and I felt my cock about to explode. Intense pulses shot through my shaft, sending streams of warm cum deep in her pussy. My penis fully engulfed in pleasure.

My face was on her neck breathing hard, my cock pulsing every last drop into her. I kept on moving it slower and slower. She felt so good. 

I kissed her and asked, "So was that good?"

She smiled and laughed a bit, "Si yes."

We laid there a bit. I looked at the time. 

"Do you have more time?" I asked. 

She looked, and said, "Yes."

So I suggested we take a bit of a break, and go again in 15 minutes.

We washed up and sat on the bed against the headboard. And I practiced my Spanish speaking with her. I could speak it okay. However, understanding it when someone is talking is the challenge. 

I went back and forth with the translate app. Some words tripped me up in sentences. But I did good she said. She could understand me fine when I was speaking Spanish.

After sufficient down time, I put the phone down, and I started kissing her again. I asked her to suck me.

She got up and knelt between my legs. My cock was soft. I closed my eyes to feel the warmth wrap around it, as she gently sucked on it. I didn't want to try and force it. I just let it happen.

As I glanced down, I could see and feel it growing. Slowly, but surely.

She gently sucked my balls, not too rough. Just perfectly. After about five minutes of her attention, my cock was fully hard again.

I pulled her up to me. She positioned herself over me and lowered her wet pussy on my shaft. Pure pleasure. She leaned forward and I took her breasts into my mouth. My hands on her nice small ass.

She started to grind on my cock. Straightening up, I reached up and took her nipples between my fingers and twisted and pulled them lightly.

Moving faster and faster on my now throbbing shaft, I knew she was going to cum again, as she ground her clit into me. She let out a long moan and fell forward. I grabbed her ass tight and pumped her pussy for all I was worth. My second load emptying into her and dripping down my shaft. Fucking beautiful. 

My shaft was just pulsing inside her and she layed on top of me. I held her head and kissed her over and over again. And then just hugged her, with my cock happy inside her.

It was time to wash up. I let her go first. I put a robe on in the meantime.

Maria was all set after about 10 minutes or so. 

I walked to the door, and pulled her to me and kissed her deep.

"I had a wonderful time. Thank you," I said.

She smiled and said, "Yes, me too."

And off she went.

I washed up and got ready to go before the noon hour hit.

Driving back home was a relaxing 90 minutes. Tunes on, sunshine, well drained cock.

I thought to myself, "It's important to maintain your network."

Yes indeed.