 I sat on the bed watching the clock. It seemed to tick slower than normal just to torture me. It felt like forever ago that I hung up from talking to you. The clock however, told me it was only a few minutes. 

Unable sit still I began to pace the room. It was a nice for a hotel. It didn't really matter to me though because I was there for only one reason. 

You.

It had finally come to meeting face to face. After months of sweet torture on the phone and computer, I was actually going to touch you. My nipples tweaked at the thought. And you were finally going to taste me. 

I was as prepared for this as I could be. I'd spent a good hour in the bathtub. Soaking and making sure every inch of my body was covered in my favorite scent. Every time I splashed the water over my skin, I imagined you breathing me in . 

I left my hair so it hung down my back. I knew you'd like it better that way. My body shivered when I thought of your hands running thru it or brushing it aside to kiss my neck. 

I slipped into a simple dress and smiled wickedly when I decided against panties. I wanted a nice little surprise for you to find. 

I couldn't help but check the clock again. I was about to curse it for taking its time when I heard a knock on the door. I stopped pacing. My heart pounded harder than ever and I couldn't breathe. 

It was you. It had to be. No one else knew I was there. 

I made you knock again before I gathered myself and went to the door. I opened it to find you standing there looking every bit as delicious as I knew you would. I greeted you with a small hello and a smile. When you smiled back I was glad to have the door as my support system. When you said hello in that voice I loved, my knees wanted to give out on me. 

I stepped back to let you in and inhaled you as you slipped past me. God you smelled better than anything I could have imagined. 

I closed the door behind you and turned to say something when I felt myself backed against the door. Suddenly you were so close and I could only gasp. Your hands took my face and your head bent. I heard you whisper your desire right before your lips found mine. 

You kissed me tender at first. Almost so sweet I ached with a want of something more. As if reading my mind your body pressed against me and your lips claimed mine with a passion that left me burning. 

I heard moaning and realized it was mine. My hands took on a life of their own and began touching you anywhere they could. I found your clothes annoying and had to get them out of the way. 

You pulled from me with a low chuckle and stopped my hands from their mission. I pouted slightly and smiled when you growled at my lower lip. Frustration seemed to kick in and within a moment you were stripped naked and at my mouth once again. 

Your kiss was hungry this time. So much need was behind it. Your hands fumbled their way down my sides to the edge of my dress and under it. You froze when you found my surprise. A curse and something about my being bad, slipped from your mouth before your hands continued their quest to get me naked. 

It wasn't long before the dress was gone and you stood back. I felt your eyes drink me in. Gently you took my hands and pulled me from the door to the bed. 

As I laid back my eyes roamed over your body. I couldn't take them from you even as you came closer to me. I never thought I'd see you naked and within reach. All too soon I wanted to touch and taste you all over again. 

But you had other plans. 

You found your way to my side and began a sweet seduction with your hands and lips. As I had hoped, you brushed my hair aside to expose my neck. Your lips tickled and teased it until I thought I'd lose all sense. While you nuzzled my neck, your hands caressed my breast. 

I moaned softly when you squeezed it gently and moaned louder when your finger found my nipple. Your mouth sought out my ear lobe and sucked on it before whispering your need to hear me moan again. 

Unable to stop myself, I granted your wish and moaned while your mouth found my nipple and teased it mercilessly. You brought my back off the bed as your hand slid down between my legs and claimed my center. 

I was dying a sweet death.

Sounds continued to escape my lips while your tongue did its own private dance on my body. 

Your lips wrapped themselves around my nipple and the gentle sucking was driving me insane. Your teeth caught the hardened bud and you tugged on it as your finger slipped deep inside me. I cried out with so much pleasure that I could hardly believe I making such noise. 

Just like that, I felt the familiar build of pleasure. It was too soon and I wasn't ready to cum but I knew if you kept up at this I would. 

Softly I whispered for you to stop and when you did I turned onto my side and looked at you. There you were, so close and so mine for the moment. 

The need to touch you became too strong to resist. My finger traced over your lips and down your chin to your neck. I watched it move to your chest, making sure to pay some attention to your nipple before moving on. I drew lazy circles around it careful to tease it just right. 

I had to smile when your breath caught. 

My hand made it's way down your side and over your stomach. I knew where it was headed and watched your face when it found its destination. 

Your eyes closed, and when you growled, I chuckled. 

Having this effect on you made me so wet. 

My hand stroked your cock slowly. I enjoyed how it was hard and soft at the same time and so hot to the touch. I loved feeling it throb more with each stroke. The little sounds that escaped you, turned me on to a level I'd never been.

With another growl you grabbed my hand and forced me to stop. Before I could think or breathe you had me rolled over and were on top of me. My breasts crushed to your chest and your mouth once again devouring mine. 

I felt you slide between my legs. Your dick began seeking entrance to my soaked pussy. I parted my legs and lifted up to meet you as you penetrated me instantly. I couldn't help but cry out as I felt you fill me. Screams of pleasure built with each thrust. I wrapped my legs around you, my hands grabbing your ass to pull you in deeper. 

Grunting and groaning you slammed faster into me. We were both on the brink. Just when I thought I couldn't take anymore you slipped your hand between us. Over the edge I went, moaning and screaming as your thumb found my clit and rubbed against it with each push of your hard shaft. 

I was cumming.

My pussy tightened on your cock as it buried in deep. I clung to you and came harder than ever before. Our sounds of pure animal desire rang in the room as we came together. 

Spent, you collapsed on my chest. Panting and exhausted, I came back to my senses. I knew it would be like that. I knew I'd feel like I couldn't get enough of you. 

You rolled slightly to lie next to me. Still trying to find your breath, you placed your head on my chest and your arm around my stomach. My fingers found your hair and stroked through it tenderly. I leaned over to kiss the top of your head and whispered words softly. 

A smile found my lips as you proposed an idea I couldn't refuse. Round two was only seconds away and I was already wet with anticipation.