 When I was 22, I was in love with a girl. She was 18, petite, cute and smart. Great personality and even better tits. The problem was that she didn't love me. 

Oh, I tried. I pulled out all of the charm that a 22 year kid has. And it wasn't enough. We were friends, but that's all. I never kissed her, certainly never touched her. But I jacked off to her, hundreds of times. I probably shot my weight in semen over that girl. 

Finally, after what seemed like years, I gave up and found another woman. One that is perfect for me. She's beautiful and we've had a great life. 4 kids, success, and we're truly happy. 

But I still dream about Kim. Even though I haven't talked to her or seen her in 25 years. And I never fail to get hard during those dreams. But I never get her. Ever. 

Life has been good to me. I'm successful, and my geeky body finally fleshed out and I'm not a bad looking guy. I'm 47 now, 6-2, 190, a swimmer's body. I work out and keep myself trim. My wife? Not so much. She gained weight with each kid, and now she probably weighs as much as I do. But she has great tits that I could suck on for hours if she would let me. And our sex life is good. We know how to turn each other on, and we still have sex regularly. She can make me explode every time. And I figured out what she wants. 

So why would I even tell you about Kim? Because I ran into her last week.

She moved away from our hometown, and so did we (we moved back a few years ago, though). She married a pastor of a very conservative church and had a daughter. She's a secretary and a pastor's wife. She is very religious and wears dresses all the time as part of her religion. 

Now, it might sound like I'm obsessed with her, but I'm not. Mostly. Our parents are friends, so I hear about her now and then. And I might look at her Facebook page now and then. And the website of her husband's church. But no, I'm not obsessed. Not at all. 

One Saturday, I was at the local mall to buy some khakis. My wife was with her mother doing something in the garden, and I was out running errands. Just a normal Saturday. 

"John? Is that you?"

"Yes? I'm sorry, I don't. Oh my God, Kim?"

We hugged, and both started talking at the same time. Laughed, then talked about life, catching up like two old friends would do. 

She looked good. Really good. She's short, only 5-2 I think, and maybe 125 pounds. Probably 34C tits. She had filled out over the years, but in a good way. Not that I was staring. 

"What are you doing in town? I thought you were in the south somewhere? Where is your husband's church?" 

"Well, it's in Alabama, but he's not there anymore. They decided that they wanted a different pastor, so he lost his job."

"Oh, that's too bad. I'm so sorry. Is he having any luck finding another church?"

She sighed, and finally said, "No. It's been harder than we thought it would be. In fact, we decided to move in with my parents for a little while, until he finds something. But God will provide something soon, I'm sure."

I was at a loss for words. "Hey, how about a cup of coffee? Do you have time? I would love to catch up."

She looked at her watch. "Sure, I don't have to be home for a little while. Where?"

We went to Starbucks in the mall, ordered our drinks and found a table. And we talked for quite a while. It was odd, talking to this girl that I knew so well when we were young. But our lives have gone in opposite directions. 

We both grew up in a small church, but I had left when I got married. She stayed and then found a pastor to marry so that they could save the world. Her husband is an intense little guy with a perpetual 5 o'clock shadow. He's a nice enough guy, I hear, but pretty dry and boring. I don't know what she would see in him, honestly. Except that she really wanted to be a pastor's wife. And I guess she finally found one. 

"So, how long has your husband been out of work?"

"Six months. It's been really, really hard. We moved back here and I found a job, but it's not enough to make ends meet." I thought she was going to start crying, and I couldn't believe that she was being so open about it all. "I'm just so disappointed in Tom. He seems to have given up. And it's really starting to affect our relationship. He's not the same man since this happened."

Wow. She's lost faith in her man. Interesting.

"So, John, what about you? How's Jenny?" 

"Oh, great. Things are wonderful. It's been 22 years this summer. 4 kids, 20 to 14."

While I was talking, my mind was working overtime. It doesn't matter that she is in her 40s, she looked hot. Her white button down shirt really showed off her tits, and they are full, and I could almost see nipples. Or I imagined that I did. I was having a lot of trouble concentrating on her words because her blouse was gapping, and I could see the edge of her simple plain white bra. I was getting hard while I'm talking to her.

"Kim, tell me. Do you need money? I'm doing ok, and I'd be happy to help. It would be my pleasure, really." I pulled out my checkbook.

"No, John. Thank you, but Tom would never take charity like that. No matter how much we could use it. Our car is on its last legs, and I don't know how we're going to get a new one. But thank you for your offer."

Now my warped mind was really racing. She was almost certainly a virgin when she got married, and the only sex she has ever had is with that scrawny little monkey. I would really, really love to rip that shirt off of her and squeeze those firm, ripe tits. And then give her the fucking of her life. She's probably never had an orgasm. Poor thing. She deserves better. 

"I understand. I just want to help you. And Tom, of course."

All this while, my dick was formulating a plan. I want this woman, and I would do anything to make it happen.

We finished our coffee and headed out. I asked her where she was parked, and she said that she was out by Sears. I told her that I would walk with her since I was parked that way as well. More small talk, about kids, memories, just the normal stuff. 

We stepped outside and it's raining. She said something about not having an umbrella and was worried about her hair. I offered to drive her to her car, and she smiled and nodded her head. I ran out and got my car. 

I pulled up, then I jumped out and brought her an umbrella so that she wouldn't get wet on the short walk to the car. 

"Is this your car, John? A Mercedes? Wow, I'm impressed!"

I smiled, embarrassed. "It's just a car. Nothing special. My clients seem to care about things like this. But it's just a car." I didn't need to tell her that it's an S500 and set me back about $125,000. No need to remind her that she picked the wrong guy.

We got to her car, and I hopped out to escort her with the umbrella. We said our goodbyes, hugged again (I wanted to feel those tits against my chest again) and I went back to my car. I decided to wait until she left, just to make sure that she was safe. 

And her car, an old Hyundai, wouldn't start. I got out again, and went up to her window. She was crying, like she just could not take one more bad thing in her life. 

"Need help? I'm no good with cars, but I'm happy to give you a ride home." 

The tears were flowing now, and I couldn't help but feel sorry for her. "I can't ask you to do that, it's too much. You're a busy man."

"Never too busy to help an old friend. Come on." I opened her door and helped her out. Her conservative skirt rode up and I saw a lot more leg than she meant to show. I didn't see up to her panties, but I got a great view of her well-shaped thighs. God, my dick had just started to calm down, and now he was starting to rise again. I hope she didn't notice. 

The rain was really starting to come down now, and in spite of my best efforts, she got pretty wet. Wet enough, in fact, for her white blouse to become a little bit transparent. It was like she was just wearing her bra. I couldn't help but stare, but she didn't notice because she was crying so much. She also didn't seem to notice that the air conditioning was making her nipples pop out and say hello. God, my cock was screaming at me. It took all of my self-control to keep my hands on the wheel. I just wanted to reach over and flick those nipples. I could almost see their darkness. Amazing. They were about the size of small grapes, and they stuck out a long way from her blouse. 

Her parent's house was about 30 minutes away, and the rain made the trip even longer. She cried for a while, and I gave her some tissues. "John, how much more can I take? I've tried so hard to be supportive, but we are drowning. Tom's not even looking any more. He just sits around all day while I work to try and make ends meet. It's not fair!"

And there was my opening. I decided to go for broke.

"Kim. I want to ask you something, and I want you to hear me out. I know that Tom won't let you take charity, but would you be interested in making a deal with me?"

She eyed me suspiciously. "A deal? What kind of deal? I don't have anything!" 

"Well, how about giving me a night?" I waited, ready for her to explode and hit me.

"What do you mean? I'm confused."

"Kim, I have loved you all of my life. Even after all these years, you still stir feelings in me that I can't describe. And I'm wondering if maybe you'd be willing to spend the night with me, in exchange for enough money to keep your family together for a while."

She sputtered, and screamed, "You want to have sex with me? For money? What kind of woman do you think I am? I'm not a whore!" 

"Kim, hear me out. We both have something that the other needs. I need you. I need to know what it would be like with you. I want to feel your body, feel you under me. And you need money. Admit it, you're desperate!"

She didn't hit me, at least. She was quiet for a long time. I started to think that she had decided to remain silent for the rest of the trip. I thought I had really fucked this up. Idiot.

Finally, she spoke. "You're serious, aren't you? You would actually ask me to cheat on my husband for a few hundred dollars? I just can't believe you. You've changed, John. And what about your wife? You would cheat on her for, and for what? I'm not a young college girl. I'm a mom, with a mom's body. You're willing to destroy your relationship?"

"Well, first, I was thinking more than a few hundred dollars. And second, you would be doing something for your husband and your family. Rather than destroying him, you would be giving him a lifeline. It will be our secret. I promise."

Kim sat there, arms crossed, red-faced. The only sound was the sound of the wipers. In spite of her anger and shame, she was still beautiful, and I still wanted her. I couldn't deny it. And besides, her arms were pushing her tits up and making them look even fuller. I couldn't believe that her blouse didn't pop. Those buttons were under a lot of pressure by now. And so was my zipper. My dick was screaming at me. 

"And your wife? What about her?"

"Honestly? What about her? She's my problem, not yours. I'm a good provider and husband. I just need something that she can't give me."

More silence. Wipers. Rain against the windows. 

After a very long time, she asked, "How much were you thinking? What would you be willing to give me, if I actually agreed to your crazy scheme?"

"Tell me, how much did your husband make in his last pastorate?"

"About 35,000 with everything." She gave me an embarrassed smile. I was shocked at how little money they could live on.

"OK, let's say $50,000. That would take the pressure off for a while, and give you enough to buy a car, too. Would that be enough?"

Her beautiful jaw dropped. I had never seen anything so beautiful in my entire life. God, I wanted to kiss her so badly. 

She laughed derisively. "You can't be serious! You can't afford that! You're nuts! For one night?" 

"Actually, I can. I do really well for myself. Money is not an issue for me. At all."

"What are you, a drug dealer?"

"No, just a businessman. I know how to invest, and I do it really well. It's fine, and I would be happy to help a friend in any way that I can."

She shook her head, slowly, and just stared at me. Like she was trying to figure out if she had gotten into the car of a lunatic.

Finally, she said, "So how would we do this? Not your house or mine, obviously. And when? And what do you want from me?"

Got her. "Well, you'll have to figure out how to get away for an entire night. Jenny is used to me traveling for work, so that's no problem. But I don't know what you'll tell Tom. And we can meet at a hotel, if you don't mind. Or we can use one of the models in one of my apartment complexes. Whatever you want."

She laughed. "No, a hotel will be fine." 

"We'll have dinner, and some wine. Oh wait, you don't drink, do you?" She shook her head. "After dinner, we'll go upstairs and just relax. No pressure to do anything."

"John, I'm not, you know, very experienced. I've only been with Tom. And we don't really, um, do anything anymore. I'm afraid that I'll be pretty disappointing."

"Kim, you cannot disappoint me. I'll be happy, no matter what. As long as you can handle the situation. Just remember that you're doing it for your family."

"Can I think about it? Can I call you? I know it's crazy, and I know that I should slap you and walk away, but we are desperate. We don't have much time left."

"Sure, think about it. No pressure, just take your time. My offer stands for as long as you like."

We drove the rest of the way in silence. I was sure that she would get out of the car and call my wife. I had probably just made the biggest mistake of my life. 

As I pulled into her parent's driveway, she leaned over and kissed me on the cheek. "Thank you, John. This is crazy, but maybe you are an answer to prayer. Although I can't imagine God using sex as an answer to prayer."

"Listen, Kim, if you decide not to do it, I'll understand. And I still want to help, regardless. Maybe not as much, mind you, but something."

She smiled, sadly. "Thank you. I'm not saying no. Not yet. I know it sounds silly, but I'm going to pray about this. I'll let you know."

I gave her my personal cell phone number, and said goodnight. She opened the door and walked to her parent's house. It was still raining, and she ran to the door, still unaware of her soaked clothes and hair. 

That night, I fucked my wife with a passion that I hadn't had for a long time. I pulled up her on to her hands and knees and shoved my big cock into her sopping wet pussy. Even with the extra weight, she was still an amazing fuck She came a bunch of times (which is unusual for her), and I finally exploded deep inside her. Afterwards, she said, "Well I don't know what got into you, but I like it!" As she rolled over to fall asleep, I just smiled and thought, "If you only knew."

Chapter 2

Kim didn't call the next day. Or the day after that. After the third day, I was sure that she had come to her senses and would never call. I chalked it up to me being a fool, and I hoped that she would just forget about it. I stopped looking at my phone every 5 minutes. 

The next Saturday, I went to play golf. I was with my usual foursome, and I was playing pretty well. On track to break 80 at least. On the 14th hole, my phone rang. I didn't recognize the number, so I let it go to voicemail. 

After I finished the round and shot the shit with the guys, I showered and changed. Finally, I got in the car for the drive home, and I realized that I had never listened to the voicemail. 

"Um, John? I hope this is you. It's Kim, and I've been thinking and praying about our conversation. Can you call me? Thanks." Wow, I had given up on her. But I guess she had been thinking all this time.

I dialed her number. "Hello? John?"

"Yes."

"Well, I've been thinking about your offer, and I think I would like to talk about it with you. Can we meet for coffee?"

"Sure, any time. Did you get your car fixed, or do you need me to pick you up?"

"Yes, it's fixed, for now. Can we meet at Starbucks again?"

"Perfect. When?"

"An hour?"

"See you then."

I'll admit that my guilt was really beating on me by now. Here I am, taking advantage of her situation to convince her to fuck me for money. I'm scum. I was ready to tell her that I couldn't do it, that I changed my mind. Yeah, I would tell her when we met.

When we sat down with our drinks, I could tell that she was nervous. She was wearing a sweater and denim skirt, and she looked prim and proper and sexy, all at the same time. You wouldn't think that such a conservative outfit could make my cock stir, but he was already perking up. That sweater, which was a lightweight, cream colored sweater, was really too hot for summertime. But it made her tits look so good. They were full and round, almost like she was full of milk. 

Small talk, avoiding the topic. Both of us afraid to talk about it. Finally, I said, "Listen, Kim, I need to apologize. I should never have made such a terrible suggestion to you, and I'm sorry. I respect you and Tom, and I don't want to do anything that would make you go against your beliefs. I'm sorry."

She sighed, heavily. "Thank you, John. That's very kind of you, and I accept your apology. But I heard you say that the offer would stand until I decided, one way or the other. Are you going back on that promise?"

"Well, no, but I don't want you to have to, you know, cheapen yourself. It's not right."

"Listen, I know what you're doing. But I have decided that I need to do this. For a lot of reasons. First, we can really use the money. I don't make that much in 2 years, and we need it. More than you know. Second, it's just a trade. You get what you want, and I get what we need. It's good for both of us. And it's just one night. It's not like I'm having an affair or anything. Just one night of sacrifice for my family." 

"You're sure? I mean, I want you to be sure."

"John. Shut up. I'm sure."

"OK. When?"

Deep breath. Finally, she said, "Can you make it next Friday? I can get away that night if you can."

"Absolutely. What are you going to tell Tom?"

"What are you going to tell Jenny?"

"Fair enough."

"John, what do you want me to wear? I don't really have anything, you know, sexy, but I could buy something."

"Kim, just wear whatever you like. Nothing special. You are special enough without doing anything else. But you might want to bring a nightgown and stuff. Hell, I don't know, I never do this."

"Don't swear. You were raised better than that."

"Sorry."

We talked about details like where we would meet and how I could give her the money. $50,000 in cash would raise a lot of questions, so I wanted to explain how we could do it without too many questions. Bottom line, she was doing some work for one of my companies.

And then we talked for a while longer, about nothing. But she reached out and held my hand, and I felt like I was on top of the world.

Chapter 3

On Friday night, I met Kim at the airport so that she could leave her car. Then we drove over to a restaurant in tanother suburb. I was dressed in a sport coat and slacks, nice but not too much. I wore some Italian loafers without socks, because socks are so unsexy when you have to stop and pull them off. Kim was in a very modest dress that was much fancier than the skirt and blouse that I suggested. Red silk. It didn't show any skin but it really showed off her curves.

"I hope you don't mind that I wore this. I thought I might need something dressier." 

"I don't mind at all. You look amazing." 

"Thank you, sir. You're not so bad yourself."

Nervous small talk for the hour that we drove. About kids and schools and old friends. 

We got to the restaurant and I pulled up to the valet. Before I got out, Kim grabbed my arm and looked intently at me. "John, I hate to do this to you, but I don't think I can sit there and eat. I'll be a nervous wreck. Would you mind if we, um, just went to the hotel?"
