 OK, so some backstory... My best friend Laura has in fact been my best friend since we met in High School. From the first day of eighth grade when we were introduced we became inseparable. When it comes to looks and personality she's my polar opposite being under 5 foot, very outgoing, skinny, naturally straight blonde hair and she was a town kid. 

I on the other hand, am around 5'6 with wavy brown hair and curves. I'm a born and bred country girl and I'm quite an introverted person, partially because we were always made to stay at home and work instead of socialising with friends and partially because I'm incredibly shy. Because if these facts I'm what I call a social scaredy cat. 

Any who, fast forward 7 years later and Laura and I were still great friends. We did things together at least once a week and sometimes she brought along her boyfriend Zane for the ride. Zane had been dating Laura for around 6 months and I got the impression that there wasn't anything too serious between them yet. After spending a lot of time with him over that period I've was able to come out of my shell and laugh and joke with him. 

I have a crude sense of humour and the things I say would make even a sailor blush, so I think that he was a little taken aback when I started to speak my mind and made wicked comments when he was around. 

Zane ended up tagging along with Laura every time we planned something. I didn't mind though, I really enjoyed spending time with him. He would often sit next to me as soon as he arrived and we chatted until Laura dragged him off somewhere or came and sat on his lap. Ohh i'm leaving the most important detail out, Zane was hot as fuck! 

Now to the night "The Incident" changed everything...

-------------------

I was just about done with my friday night shift at the pub as my phone pinged. It was Laura asking if I wanted to go out after work. It had been a shit of a night and I had customers complaining left and right about anything and everything. I honestly just wanted to punch someone but me being the professional that I clearly am, decided to wait and take it out on the copious amounts of alcohol I was about to consume so going out with my friends seemed like the only logical thing to do.

I finished my shift just after 9 pm and raced home to shower and get ready. Makeup was only minimal and my hair being naturally wavy meant that all I had to do was run my fingers through it and let it fall down my back naturally. I put on a pair of ripped jeans, a maroon fitted top and a black cardigan and I was out the door.

Any who, I arrived at the pub and found Laura, Zane and a couple of other people I didn't know too well crowded around a bar table. I said a quick hello as I caught Zane's eye and he beckoned me to come around to his side of the group. I squeezed my way in and he looped his arm around my waist and pulled me to him to hug hello. I was sandwiched between him and some random bloke I had met only once before so I leaned into Zane so I could give the other bloke at least a little bit of his space back . Zane's arm was still around my waist and I felt him running his thumb up and down my side. I had a teensy tiny little crush on him and I was hyperaware of his hand as soon as it touched me. I mean, how could I not be. He really was a good looking guy, tall, rugged with a whole hell of a lot of tattoos. Mmmm...(sorry, sidetracked). 

I was enjoying the proximity of our bodies far too much but after about 10 minutes of our very close contact Laura came over and pushed herself in-between us. I took it as my queue to head the bar for something to wet my whistle. 

I was in the mood for a shots kind of a night which of course meant that it was tequila and tequila only. I think I had about 10 in the space of 30 minutes so I went from being completely sober to unsteady on my feet pretty quick smart. 

Have I mentioned that tequila turns me into a huge flirt, because it does! One minute I was standing at the bar minding my own business and the next I was on the dance floor. It was innocent fun at first until I started half dancing, half grinding on some random's crotch when a rough hand yanked me away from my dancing partner. I was surprised and a little angry to find that it was Zane that had man handled me like a cave man. 

"What the fuck do you think you are doing? Who the fuck is that?"

"What the hell do you think you're doing Zane i'm just having a little fun. If you want to boss someone around go do it to your girlfriend!"

His face looked as if it were made of stone. The only resemblance of emotion was the muscles of his jaw clenching and unclenching as he wrestled with whatever thoughts were playing in his mind. I scooted around him and went back to the bar. This time it was just to get a bottle of water because I was actually a little rattled and thought it time I should head home. I found Laura dancing with some people I never met and signalled that I was heading home. She just waved and kept moving to the beat of the music. I took my water and headed out to wait for a taxi. The quiet outside helped to clear my mind of the affects of the alcohol when I heard the door opening from behind me "What the hell are you doing now?" Zane said as he came to stand in front of me. "Look, I was a little tipsy and just having a dance with that guy. What does it matter to you Zane? Just go back inside and dance with your girlfriend. I'm going home."

"Not alone you aren't. I'm coming with you and making sure you get home safe. I already told Laura that I was taking off."

"I don't need a babysitter thank you very much!"

"I don't care what you need. Here's a taxi, get your arse in the car." He demanded as he opened the door to the back seat.

I sulked like a child for the entire ride home and as soon as the cabbie pulled over at my stop I jumped out, expecting Zane to head back to his place once he saw me home. 

That didn't happen though. 

He paid the driver and got out of the car. 

"What are you doing now! I already told you I don't need babysitting. I'm home, your job is done. Go."

"Ohh no you don't. You need to sober up with some coffee and I need water. Inside!" he pointed.

He had never been angry with me before and I have to say that it pissed me off the way he was speaking to me, but I did do as I was asked and got him a drink of water and put the kettle on. I put a tea bag in my mug as I looked at him with a grin on my face. He told me to have coffee but I was being a bit of a risk taker and was having tea instead. Take that you bastard I thought!

We stood at the kitchen counter for a couple of awkward minutes of silence. 

This was ridiculous. 

For some reason he was angry with me and I hadn't done anything wrong. I got up to rinse my cup after I finished and announced that I was going to go for a shower and he could let himself out when he was ready. I made it to the bathroom and quickly removed my makeup and had a lightening fast shower. I heard the door close and assumed he had left so I got out and dried off before wrapping a fluffy towel around me and headed to find something to eat. I didn't make it far before I saw Zane again, he was still in my kitchen. 

"What the hell, I thought you left" I said as I grabbed the towel tightly, clutching it to my chest. 

"I... ahem... well I... sorry. Shit. I just wanted to apologise for before." He said as he scratched the back of his head and tried his best to look at the ground. I walked over to him and put my hand on his shoulder "Its ok. I was being an idiot and you were just being a mate, I get it" I said as I kissed him on the cheek to show my appreciation. Maybe I was still a little tipsy because I would normally never do anything like that.

Zane took a quick step back from me like my kiss was the worst thing to ever happen to him. 

"Sorry" I quickly said, "I was just trying to thank you. I didn't realise how grotesque my touch is to you." Never in my life have I had someone react so badly to me. I went to walk away and go into my bedroom to get dressed when Zane's hand snaked through my arm and pulled me back. 

"You have no idea do you?" he said, shaking his head. One minute he was staring at me with a gaze that could kill a kitten and the next his mouth was covering mine in a fierce kiss. I tried to pull away for Laura's sake but just couldn't force myself to. His hands wrapped around my hips as he pulled me closer. I could feel him through my towel as I rubbed myself on him.

He grabbed my hand and pushed it down to his crotch. "Do you feel how hard you make me?"

My eyes flew up to his face as my cheeks darkened, not out of embarrassment but out of desire. 

He yanked my towel off, spun me around and pushed me over the kitchen counter as he roughly opened my legs and dropped his pants. 

"I'm going to fuck that sweet little pussy of yours now and i'm not going to be gentle" he growled in my ear. 

His right hand went to his cock as he drug it over my pussy lips before he shoved his dick all the way into me with one thrust. The air left my body as I let out a small cry from the sheer force.

We were silent for a moment, I was trying to catch my breath and I'm sure he was trying to stop himself from cumming there and then. After a little time he bent over me and pawed at my breasts with his left hand and gripped my hip with the other. He started to move in and out of me in long forceful strokes, coming out almost completely before burying himself deeply again inside me. Each thrust had me holding on for dear life as I was sandwiched between the kitchen counter and his hot body. I steadied myself with one hand gripping the edge of the bench while I brought my other hand down to my pussy and my fingers came in contact with his dick moving in and out of me. I could feel his balls slapping my arse as I drug my nails over his disappearing shaft before making my way to my clit. As I began to rub my hard nub I could feel an ache building inside me. I moaned as Zane gripped my hips with both hands and began fucking me for everything he was worth. 

By this time I was rubbing my clit furiously and my breathing became shallow and laboured. I could feel myself getting close to cumming as I squeezed my eyes shut and let the feeling of my fingers and his cock take over all my other senses. I came hard, coating him in my juices as I felt him spurt his semen into me. His thrusts were shallow and ridged as he concentrated on his orgasm and he breathed out a very laboured "ohhh...fucckkk" as he completely buried himself inside me with the last few convulsions of his orgasm. I don't know how I managed to stay upright, my legs had turned to jelly. He pulled out of me after his cum had squirted as far into me as possible before he slipped out and picked up my towel before draping it over my panting body. He then spun me around to face him as he wrapped the towel the rest of the way around me and tucked it in and I could feel the mixture of our orgasms begin to drip down the inside of my thighs.

"I know I shouldn't have done that but I'm not sorry. I wanted to fuck you for the longest time and after seeing you with that dickwad tonight, I couldn't deal with the thought someone other than me being balls deep in you. Let's just keep this to ourselves for the time being, please don't tell Laura." 

I just nodded and pushed him out the door. Laura rang a coupe of days later to tell me that she had cheated on Zane and they had broken up and to this day I've never brought up the incident and I doubt I ever will.