 The club wasn't as crowded as the first night Inga and her friends visited, but it didn't matter. They'd brought their own boys along this time, and Inga watched as each of her friends got tipsy and giggly and touchy-feely with the young man they'd paired off with at the beach. Yes, by the end of the night Inga knew the hotel rooms surrounding her own would be filled with the sounds of sex, bedsprings squeaking and lusty moaning and orgasmic cries. 

Inga looked over at Chris, the man she'd had four frantic sexual encounters with the last two days. No one knew they were lovers. When they'd been "introduced" that afternoon, he'd played it cool, barely acknowledging her. His friends thought he was being rude-it wasn't right that Inga alone didn't have a playmate. In fact, his coolness thrilled her. Their affair was a secret, something they alone shared, and the fact that he wasn't willing to share his conquest of her with his friends made her want him even more. Most guys would've bragged about bagging a tall, sexy blonde with breasts that demanded your attention. But he hadn't said a word. 

Of course, that might've been due to the fact that earlier that afternoon she had mercilessly masturbated him and fingered him until he lost control of himself. So far they'd traded the upper hand back and forth, and the knowledge that each had the power to send the other into paroxysms of ecstasy made this pas de deux even more delicious. What did he have in store for her tonight? What did SHE have in store for him?

He was standing at the other end of the bar, talking to a few of his friends. Inga rested her arm on the bar, sipping a very tart margarita, and then she let her eyes move over to him. He was staring at her, staring at her the way he did that first night at the bar, and she licked her lips and wanted him inside her right then and there. He looked away, a secret smile on his lips, and Inga remembered how that afternoon he hadn't been smiling. He'd been whimpering, glistening with sweat, straining as she plumbed his hidden depths. And her own secret smile spread over her lips.

"I need to visit the ladies' room," one her friends said, a cue to Inga, and the two of them walked down the hall and into the peach-colored bathroom. Her friend opened her purse, grabbed her lipstick, and said, "Good, I brought two condoms!"

"Think you'll need them?" Inga asked with a smile.

"Oh, maybe not," her friend said. "Maybe I'll blow him first, then fuck him after. So he lasts long enough to make me happy. God, I just LOVE younger men!"

They both laughed, and then Inga pushed back her hair and redid her lipstick. Her friend said, "I feel bad there isn't one for you."

Inga laughed. "The night is still young."

"I know, but I thought that one guy, Chris...I know he's single. But he doesn't even seem interested in talking to you. Must be stuck-up."

Inga sighed and shrugged. "He's not really my type, so it's no big deal."

"Probably hung like a string bean."

"Probably," Inga agreed, and they both laughed. They walked back to the bar, Inga remembering how fat and stiff Chris's cock got when it was in her mouth the night before. In the dining room just down the hall from the ladies' room. 

Normally Inga and her friends would close a bar when they were on vacation. But by midnight, they were all ready to leave. With their boys, of course. There was no reason to drink any more, and there was nothing left to say. Each couple had already reached the same conclusion-it was time to fuck. Right now. Not an hour from now. Now. Time to fuck.

They left the bar, four couples...and Inga. She needed a ride back to the hotel and outside the bar there was some discussion as to who would be stuck with her in the back seat during the long ride back. No one seemed eager to postpone the groping to come to give Inga a lift back. 

"Um, I guess we can give you a ride..." her one friend said, when a voice behind her said, "I'm going home too. I 'll give you a lift."

It was Chris. Of course it was. Inga turned and said, "No, that's OK, I can ride with..."

Her friend said, "Thank you, that's great, bye!" and they all practically leapt into their cars. Five seconds later they pulled off into the night, red taillights illuminating Inga and Chris as they stood outside the bar. 

"It's Inga, right?" he said. "I didn't quite catch your name down at the beach."

She laughed. "And you're Chris, right? When you told me your name it was a bit hard to understand."

He grinned. "I was a bit incoherent, wasn't it?"

"Just a bit."

Her young lover showed Inga to his car, held the door open for her. Inga wondered what he had planned, if anything. "Since your friends are going to be molesting a few of my innocent buddies at their hotel, our house is totally empty. And it will be till 2AM, when the bar closes."

Inga said, "There's no one there?"

He nodded. "A few of our gang when home today, the ones with kids. They don't live too far away, they just came down for a quick visit." He snapped open his cell phone, dialed a number, and waited. He hung up without speaking, and said, "Just making sure nobody's home."

Inga let her hand slip into his lap. "I don't want any games. I don't want any power plays. I just want some nice, slow sex."

He opened his legs and sighed. "Sounds good to me."

"No restraints, no torture."

"No torture. I'm up for that."

They hit every green light on the road down the beach, Inga's fingers tracing the outline of his erection through his shorts. "We have a chair in the living room, it's almost a recliner, you can lie down on it with your legs extended," he said. "I want to lie down on it and have you sit on me."

"Mmm...I wanted to sit on you this afternoon."

"I know. I want to see those big boobies bouncing back and forth as you ride me..."

They pulled into the driveway. Inga burrowed her hand inside his shorts but he pulled her hand away and opened his door. They walked to the house at the double, anxious to be inside and naked and entwined with each other. He led her inside, up the stairs, and by the time the reached the top step Inga had her heels kicked off and her blouse pulled up over her head. "Anyone home?" he called out, and when there was no answer he took off his shirt. Inga reached back to unhook her brassiere when he said, "Wait, let me do that."

It was dark inside the house, and quiet, and Inga felt him looming behind her. His hands were strong and sure as he freed her breasts from the cups and hefted them gently. She knew how he liked this position of power, his hands free to roam all over her body, just as he'd done in the shower stall. He kissed her shoulders, her neck, and then the tip of his tongue rimmed her earlobe before he took an inquisitive nibble.

She wanted him, she wanted him to spear her from behind and grab her hips and pull her hair. But instead he knelt behind her, and his wet tongue drew across the small of her back. He put his hands on her hips and slowly, slowly, turned her until she was facing him. His tongue touched the soft skin just above her pussy, and then he pulled her close and started rimming her navel, his fingertips finding the insides of her thighs. Inga breathed through her mouth and bent her knees. She looked down into her magnificent cleavage and saw him staring up at her. He stared up at her as he grabbed the thin straps of her black silk thong and pulled them down to her ankles. His eyes never left her, not until he gazed down at her naked pussy and started tonguing and kissing her belly...and lower.

She wanted to squat, she wanted to sit straight down on him and feel all that hardness inside her. He stood up, took off his shirt, popped the button on his shorts and let them fall around his ankles. As he stepped out of them Inga stepped forward and hooked her fingers under the waistband of his boxers and pulled them down. They snagged briefly on his erection before they too fell to the floor. She was about to fall to her knees to put him in her mouth when he again took her hips in his hands and gently made her turn around. Again his hands found her heavy breasts, his fingers tenderly tweaking the nipples that instantly hardened under his touch.

His ground his hips against her ass, his penis lodging neatly in the cleft of her buttocks. Inga gritted her teeth as he fondled her, wanting him to fuck her but at the same time not wanting him to stop what he was doing. Just as she thought she couldn't stand it any more his right hand moved down her body and warm fingers slid along her furrow. She was wet and he moistened his fingertips before touching her clitoris. 

"Oh my God," Inga moaned as his index finger slowly circled her clit. "You're gonna make me come again with your fingers, I can't believe this."

He slowly humped her ass as he diddled her. "Just with my touch," he whispered, and Inga opened her legs even wider to give him complete access to her pussy. His deft fingers slithered all over her pussy, and Inga groaned as he printed tender kisses along her neck, her earlobes, his breath warm against her skin. 

"We need to sit down," he said, and guided her over to the recliner he'd talked about in the car. It was old and beat-up, but it looked comfortable and sturdy. Chris sat down first and extended the recliner's legs before patting the spot between his splayed legs. "Snuggle up, baby," he growled.

She sat down and wriggled her ass against his cock. "I want you inside me," she hissed as his hands seized her hips and pulled her tight against him.

"Soon," he breathed in her ear, "but not just yet. Stretch out your legs."

She did as she was told, and Chris hooked his ankles inside hers and gently edged her thighs apart. He had her totally under his power now, and his hands moved from her hips to her loins. Inga arched her back, exhaled, and let her head loll to the side. His fingers were diabolical, they seemed to know where her pussy's every trembling nerve ending was located. "Chris, what do you do for a living?" she panted. "Are you a concert pianist? Or a sculptor, maybe?"

He laughed. "I've always had good hands. Always knew how to make a girl feel good with just a tickle. But I'm actually a writer. Maybe all that typing helps."

"Maybe it does," she gasped. "I'm going to come soon."

His voice was calm. "Soon, but not just yet. You said you wanted it nice and slow. I could diddle you all night long."

His fingertips skated over the throbbing bud of her clitoris and then his thick middle finger pressed against her opening and insisted on entry. It seemed like he couldn't help himself either, couldn't keep teasing her when her body was so obviously close to exploding. "I know your cock wants to be inside me," Inga said, "I can feel how wet the tip is, you're leaving your marks all over my ass." 

"I'm going to leave my wetness all over your body," he whispered in her ear. "All over your skin, and deep inside your pussy."

"And my mouth?" Inga said, hoping that he would either have the discipline or the endurance to save at least one climax for her mouth. She wanted to feel him throbbing between her lips, his hips twisting as her sucking mouth and darting tongue drove him insane...

Just thinking about loving him with her mouth drove Inga over the edge. She pushed her hips forward a bit and Chris seemed to sense her climax was imminent and his fingers spooled about her clitoris. "Oh, yes," she said as it started, her orgasm was going to be huge and she knew she had just a few moments before the ecstasy crashed over her and turned her into a screaming, thrashing madwoman. 

It was at this exact moment that Chris's fingertips fluttered like butterfly kisses over her clitoris and that utterly shattered her resolve. Chris's digital exploration of her pussy was making it impossible to postpone her first climax, and Inga let out a long, "Ohhhh..." She was on the cusp, her legs wanted to spread out even more, she was going to come and nothing on earth could stop her. Here she was, totally nude, a man's strong hands busy between her splayed legs, and she reveled in it. 

"Oh, oh," she mewed, reaching up to fondle her nipples. She arched her back, and grabbed his right wrist. "I think I'm gonna come," she moaned. 

He laughed in her ear. "You think you're gonna to come...or you ARE going to come?"

She shivered, she was so close. Chris drove another finger deep inside her, probing her, feeling for the tender spots that would shatter her utterly. Her hips rose and fell and she cried out as he pressed his fingers against the upper wall of her cavity. 

He rested his cheek on her shoulder. "You look so fierce when you're about to come," he said quietly. "I'd love to tie you up someday and spend hours bringing you to the brink and then pulling back. You'd probably tear the house down around you."

"I'm not tied down now," Inga panted, "so you'd better finish me or I'll break the arms off this fucking chair."

"Mmm..." he growled. "I think you're close.'

Her voice cracking, she said. "I am close. Finish me. Make me come. Make me come with your fucking fingers!"

Her orgasm overwhelmed whatever fears she had that the neighbors might hear and despite herself Inga felt a need to vocal, that maybe her voice to help ease some of the incredible tension inside her. "Chris, fuck, yes, oh GOD! Don't stop, don't stop, keep your finger inside me, I wish it was you COCK! Oh God YES!" She seized the armrests of the chair and pressed herself back against his chest. "Chris, you make me feel so FUCKING GOOD!" Her hips shuddered despite his hold on her pelvis. 

The thunder inside her died down, and Chris removed his fingers from her pussy. "Chris," Inga said, "I have to suck your cock. I have to suck it RIGHT NOW."

"Come and get it, baby."

He tried to keep her from turning over, teasing her, holding her in place, but she broke free and pushed his legs apart. The smug look in his eyes evaporated when she grabbed his penis and let her tongue dance around the hard and shiny tip. She opened her mouth wide and engulfed his impatient penis, and his entire body sagged as she sucked him off. "Uhh, oh, yes" he mumbled weakly as she bobbed her head up and down in his lap. 

She loved him like he'd never been loved before. She let him fall from her lips and she pinned his shaft against his belly and ran her tongue and lips along his length. Her mouth made wet, lascivious noises as she sucked at the tender flesh just under his throbbing helmet. He tried rotating his hips but Inga held him fast and put him back in her mouth for more maddening up-and-down sucking.

"I don't want to come in your mouth," he rasped. "Don't make me come in you mouth."

"Am I getting you close?" she asked, starting to like the idea that she was playing a part in a movie.

"You know you are, you can probably taste how close I am."

"I can taste you. All that juice, waiting to pour down my throat."

"Don't make me come in you mouth," he insisted. "I won't be able to fuck you the way I want if you do."

She laughed and stroked his saliva-slick penis. "I wore you out this afternoon, didn't I? Got a big load out of you."

"The biggest load of my life," he admitted. "I want to break my record tonight."

"And you want it to be in my pussy."

"Yes." 

"My warm, wet, pussy."

"Yes," he said through clenched teeth. 

She pinned his penis against his belly and used her tongue to tease the satiny stripe below his cleft. "You must really want to fuck me, if you won't let me suck you off."

Now it was his turn to sigh and squirm and her tongue continued its tender assault on his most sensitive flesh. "If I don't fuck you I'll go insane, but your mouth feels so good right now..."

She put him back in her mouth and savagely blew him for ten, fifteen seconds...and then she stopped. He grunted, and she rose to her feet. She said, "One of us has to show a little self-control."

His eyes locked on her pussy and she threw her leg over the extended legs of the chair and mounted him. "You did say you wanted me to ride you," she said softly as she circled the base of his cock and aimed his tip at her opening.

"I did," he sighed as she maneuvered him into position. He closed his eyes, and she did the same as he entered her. "Inga," he moaned, and she lowered her hips until his was burned inside her. He had no leverage, he was totally in her power, and she could see that he loved it. "Inga," he said again, his eyes open now, a smile on his lips. 

They fucked exactly as he'd wanted, Inga riding him, her huge breasts bouncing as she rose and fell over his delicious body. She rocked her hips back and forth and he moaned with delight as his cock slipped in and out of her slick pussy. 

"Look at me," he demanded, and she obeyed. Their eyes stayed locked together for a long time as they moved together, and Inga put her hands on his stomach and tugged at the hairs around his navel. "We're good at this, aren't we?"

He laughed. "Good and getting better every day." 

"I'm here for two more days, I think by then we'll have this down pat." Her thighs touched his pelvis as she rose and fell above his shivering cock. He had a firm grip on her hips and helped her slide up and down his shaft, her enormous breasts swaying just out of the range of his hungry mouth. He eased her down and then held her like that, his cock buried inside her, and he struggled to lean forward and nuzzle her left breast. She could feel him throbbing inside her and she splayed her fingers in his hair and pulled his head forward to suck and lick her nipples. 

It was a moment of stillness, neither of them moving. Except for Chris's tongue and soft, tugging lips. But the room seemed to fill with tension, both of them straining against these few seconds of inertia. Inga wanted him to fuck her. She wanted to lay on her back and look between her legs as this magnificent man plowed her until she was screaming and he poured every drop of his semen inside her. She squirmed on his cock, and Chris looked up and said, "Stand up."

He looked so determined she nearly said, "Yes, sir". She stood up. He did the same, and he said, "Sit down." She obeyed, and he pushed the footrest of the chair until it sprang shut. He tossed a pillow on the floor and knelt, his erection pressed against his belly. The anticipation nearly made Inga nauseous as he grabbed her ankles and opened her up wide. 

"Yes," she whispered as he grabbed his erection and rubbed it over the moist lips of her pussy. "Yessss," she said again as he slowly, so slowly, entered her. She was wet and he was hard and by the time their pelvises touched his eyes were shut and his mouth formed a silent "O".

"Jesus," she breathed.

There was an actual tremor in his voice as he said, "It's not going to take me long, I want to warn you."

Inga raised her arms above her head, her luscious breasts lolling to the side. "I promise you won't last long, baby boy."

He started thrusting, slowly at first, but after just a few seconds he had an iron grip on her hips and was blasting away at her. This was exactly what Inga craved, what she needed, and it felt so good, so PERFECT, that she couldn't even scream. The breath came out of her in a strangled hiss, and she had to gasp for air as his pounding brought her to the brink of orgasm. She gulped air and grabbed the back of the chair just above her head and held on for dear life. Now it was Chris who had a fierce look on his face, his eyes blazing even in the darkness. The chair was squeaking and rocking as they fucked with a fury that thrilled Inga almost beyond her capacity to comprehend. 

"Fuck me, don't stop, don't slow...uhh...yessss...fuck me, faster, FASTER, YES!!"

Chris put his left hand on her pelvis to steady her as he fucked her and his thumb gently tweaked her clitoris and that sent Inga reeling. In just a few seconds her legs started to shake and she had a climax so violent she thought she might indeed break the chair. "Chris, Jesus CHRIST! I...oh, FUCK ME, YES, FUCK ME FUCK ME FUCK ME!!!"
