 Ava stretched up to string lights around the top of her flimsy, charley-brown Christmas tree. A man would be helpful at this moment, but that's wasn't in the cards this Christmas. She sighed as she took a step back and to look her little tree up and down -- not bad for having done it alone. As she sunk down into the couch, she felt -- intensely -- her singleness. It's wasn't lack of attractiveness -- she knew she was beautiful. Standing 6'0 tall, built long and lean, and boasting big blue eyes, Ava was confident in her ability to pull in almost whoever she wanted. She'd been accused many times of being too picky and maybe that was it -- she knew what she liked. She had a type. She went for the shaggy, soft-spoken artist type -- photographers and writers. Every guy she had dated in the last few years fit that mold, every guy...except for one. Ava sighed, she remembered him all too well. 

They'd met several years back, working together at the same barn. He broke young horses for his living; she rode jumping horses for hers. The attraction was immediate and intense. He was tall -- 6'3 at least and lean but well muscled. Sandy brown hair and bright blue eyes -- much like hers. She grins now to think of him. They had flirted intensely for months while the sexual tension mounted to the point of being unbearable. Finally, he'd come over to her place one night, mildly sheepish and holding a can of Sparks. She grinned -- he was nervous. Him, of all people, so strong and stoic, nervous -- and all because of her. He knew what was in store for them that night every bit as well as she did. She remembered the look on his face as he first laid eyes on her small, pert breasts with their erect little nipples, shrouded slightly by the lengths of her blonde hair; her long, lean, tanned torso, and the valley between her hipbones that he knew led down to that promised land between her legs that he wanted so badly to sink himself into. That night, they had fucked three times and both of them had silently decided to stay there as long as they possibly could.

Now, 4 years later, they lived on different sides of the country, she had a job as a freelance writer, and she wasn't sure what he was doing - but his memory stuck with her and she knew hers stuck with him, as well. She sighed, he wasn't here this Christmas though, was he? 

For the next several days, Ava busied herself around the house -- cooked more elaborate dinners than usual in an attempt to quell her holiday-induced loneliness, baked breads and cakes for friends and family, decorated, and made progress on several stories for work. One night, as she sat in her dim living room listening to quiet music, reading, and watching the lights on her Christmas tree flicker, her doorbell rang. She glanced at the clock, uncertain who could be ringing her at this time of night. Outside, the snow fell heavily in big, soft flakes.

She reached her door and stood on her toes to peer through the glass window at the top only to be met with a pair of watery blue eyes peeking from beneath the brim of a snow-dusted brown beanie. Ava immediately recoiled. 

No. It couldn't be.

The doorbell rang again and this time, the eyes outside stood on tiptoe to peek in at her. No it couldn't be? Yes. It was. There was no denying it was. But Why? And How? Obviously her visitor was getting impatient -- he knocked, and, drawing in a deep, shaky breath, Ava, stepped forward and opened the door.

Of course he was just as she remembered him. Tall and lean but undeniably strong. He wore a brown beanie, a simple black jacket, jeans, a rodeo buckle and boots. Those damn boots. She always swore it was those things that got her in the first place. Her pussy instinctively ached against her will. He was just so goddamn sexy. She could see in his face his thoughts were much the same. He stood and took her in -- she wore nothing but a pair of tight black leggings that hugged her taut thighs and ample ass and slung low on her hips, exposing the valley between her hip bones that had always made his mouth water. Her chest was on display in a tight gray tee shirt, she wore no bra -- she seldom did -- and he could see her pert little nipples reacting to the cold from outside as they stood erect against the fabric. Her hair was loose and longer than he remembered, and she wore reading glasses. His cock stirred in his pants. 

"Christmas Carol?" he asked, smiling, tilting his head slightly. 

God she knew that gesture so well.

"Come in," Ava relented, stepping back to allow him access. 

Her mind raced, she wondered what he was doing at her house of all places. But then again, it wasn't entirely unusual. He had a way of re-appearing without much notice, he always had. As he stepped into the house, his eyes traveled around her living room, lined with heavy oak bookshelves chocked with hardcovers and paperbacks -- Ava had always been a reader. It was one of the things he loved about her. The room was dim, mellow Indy music floated through the air and several candles flickered on the coffee table. In the corner, a large, spindly Christmas tree blinked softly. He took off his coat and beanie, and laid them across the back of a nearby chair.

"Nice place," he said, "I've never been in here."

"I know," Ava said, "How'd you find me? Why are you here? Don't you live on the East Coast now?"

"Yeah, but I'm thinking about moving back. Came for a Christmas visit, thought I'd come say hi, maybe resort to singing carols or begging for alms if you were unwilling to open your door." 

He smiled at her again, cocked his head, ran his eyes up and down her body, lingering at her chest and again at the valley of her hips. His cock stirred again. He remembered so well the feeling of that body.

"You look good. Really good," he said with a sly smile.

"Thanks," Ava smiled "You haven't changed much, have you?"

"Oh, just a bit I guess, you?"

"No. Not much. I write more now." 

"Anything about me?" 

"Here and there. Merry Christmas, by the way."

He moved toward her, still grinning, still looking her up and down. "Merry Christmas," he said, as he opened his arms and wrapped her in their first hug for 4 long years. 

As he pressed their bodies together, she was surprised at how small she felt in his arms. That vulnerability had always been a turn on for her. She let her hands rest on the solid muscles of his shoulders, dragging the tips of her fingers gently along his arms, making him shiver slightly at her touch. She nestled her head slightly in the crook of his neck -- taking in his old, familiar smell -- if she didn't see him for ten years, she thought he would still smell exactly the same. He leaned his head against hers slightly, and, buoyed by his gesture, she kissed him softly on the side of the neck. He shivered again at the softness of her lips and, if she wasn't mistaken, she thought she felt his cock jump against the softness of her belly. "Oh God," she thought. She knew her pussy was wet, and she knew that if he kept touching her, she'd soon be soaked. Her restraint was going to hell in a hand basket. 

She pulled back from him, feeling her heart beat faster. She cleared her throat, dropped her eyes down to the ground to hide the lust she knew was forming there. He knew her well enough to pick up on something like that. When she looked up again, he was staring directly at her. She took in his chest, hard and strong beneath his simple white shirt, his broad shoulders and narrow, tapered waist. His goddamn boots...her mind groaned... her pussy ached. She wanted him, badly. 

As if reading her mind, he stepped forward, eyes burning, and wrapped his arms around Ava's lower back -- pulling her lean body into his tall, solid one. He ground his pelvis into hers slightly. "You seeing anyone?" he whispered hotly into her ear. "No one," Ava managed, "You?" "No one," he whispered to her before slowly beginning to walk her backwards to the couch. Ava's brain buzzed, God she was so turned on. There was no hiding it anymore, hell, there was never any hiding it -- he knew the minute he walked in the door. She could feel how tense he was beneath her fingers. He was just as ready as she was. She remembered the things he used to say to her -- the way he worshiped her body -- they way sex between them had always been mind-numbingly electric and incredible-- she remembered the intensity with which he fucked her -- her pussy tingled. Nothing had changed, nothing at all. 

He laid her down on the couch and positioned himself on top of her, nuzzling his head into the crook of her neck. "In that case, I'm hoping you're mine for the night," He began kissing her earlobe softly, "Mm. I missed you, Ava."

Ava's breath caught in her throat at the touch of his lips, she let out a small gasp, her head was spinning. This visit was so unexpected; there were a million other things to think about. Why was her here? How did he find her? Her nerves were electric and exposed on her skin. She wanted the clothes off, wanted to feel his hot skin on hers, wanted his harness inside of her, wanted him to fuck her -- to take her, to make her hurt. It was everything she could do to control herself enough to remember that she wanted him to chase her, too. She wanted him to show her exactly how badly he wanted her. 

She tilted her head to allow him more access and purred, "Mmm you missed me? Well you've been gone so long, what did you miss, exactly?"

She heard him chuckle slightly into the skin of her neck. It had always been like this between them -- it had all come so easily -- always. 

"I missed your sexy little fuck-me voice first of all, so thanks for bringing that out."

Ava laughed, opening her legs slightly in an attempt to better feel the hardness forming in his jeans. 

"I missed your smell. I missed all your crazy books. I missed feeling your body underneath me. I especially missed all this." 

He lifted one hand and knotted his fingers slightly in her hair as his lips worked their way up toward her jawbone. "Blonde. Mmm you know how I feel about blondes. All my life I wanted to fuck a blonde girl -- I never imagined she'd be as hot as you." 

His words ignited her further, her hands ran up to the back of his head, cradling him there and pushing his lips against the sensitive skin of her jawbone while she threw her head back, allowing him to continue his ministrations. The hardness in his jeans was evident now, throbbing insistently against the softness of her belly. She raised her hips up into him, her pussy aching for contact, her wetness beginning to soak through her thin leggings. 

"I want to feel you again," Ava breathed, "Skin. I want skin." 

With that, he pushed himself up off of her, straddling her hips as she pulled her tight gray t-shirt up over her head and dropped it over the arm of the couch. She wasn't wearing a bra and her firm little tits hung soft and golden in the dim light. He groaned when he saw her. His cock was so hard it was beginning to ache. God he remembered every detail of that body -- no matter how hard he tried not to, he thought of her every single time he gripped his cock and rubbed himself off, he thought of her every time he tired to fuck someone else. 

He'd never been able to get her out of his mind. 

She was even more beautiful than he remembered. Her small, tight breasts stood out at attention, their little brown nipples forming sharp points. Long strands of her blonde hair draped across her chest and collarbone. Her stomach was flat and incredibly lean -- the outline of delicate female muscles barely visible through her olive skin. In her bellybutton, a small silver ring reflected the blinking red of the Christmas lights. Her hips flared out, and between them, the valley that made his mouth water. The spot where her taught belly met her wide hips, the lightly muscled lines leading down between her legs, the incredibly soft skin there, just waiting to be kissed, and below, her tiny little pussy, waiting to be filled.

"Oh my god, Ava." He groaned again, as she began to work his shirt up over his head. He pulled it off and looked down as she lightly drug her nails down his chest and over the hard muscles of his stomach. Her chest was heaving now, her hips rising and falling on their own accord. 

"Please?" She begged, and he laughed, standing up just long enough to kick his boots off, unbuckle his jeans and slide them down his legs, before moving to her feet and gently coaxing her tight black leggings over her hips and down off her slender thighs. The scent of her wetness immediately filled the room and for a moment, he thought he wouldn't be able to control himself. His cock twitched and jumped in anticipation of sinking deep inside Ava's body, of claiming her once again. 

Her naked little pussy glistened with her wetness and he could see the shimmer of her cream smeared on the inside of her thighs. She'd missed him too. Ava propped herself up on her elbows and took him in -- his hard cock making a tent in the front of his boxes. She grinned, spread her legs slightly to allow him a better view of her wide-open sex. He moaned and slid the boxers down his legs, allowing his throbbing prick to leap up and slap his belly wetly.

Ava licked her suddenly dry lips, the two locked eyes and without a word, he climbed onto the couch, straddling her slim body and directing his cock up toward her mouth. 

Ava moaned and rolled her head back, he'd taken her like this before -- straddling her chest as he supported her head with one hand and fucked her throat with the other. There was something she loved about it, something that turned her on beyond words. Typically, she liked to be in control, with most guys...but he wasn't most guys. He was the one single person she would let take her, the one she would let fuck her however he pleased, he was the one guy that could make her come again and again, he was the one who could have complete physical control over her. As he guided his cock toward her lips, she circled a thumb over the swollen purple tip, slicking the drops of precum over the engorged mushroom head and eliciting a low growl from him. She looked up, smiled, parted her lips and slowly, slowly, placed a wet, hot kiss on the very tip of his cock, maintaining eye contact with him the entire time. He moaned, his hips bucked softly up into her face, he fell forward, supporting himself on the arm of the couch behind her head and slowly guiding himself closer to those wet lips he wanted so badly. 

Obligingly, she took him into her mouth. His size had always amazed her, no matter what part of her body he fucked, he filled her completely. The first time she had felt him - she was sure he was going to hurt her. She was wrong, he had fucked her until her orgasms had exhausted her and she had fallen asleep, only to wake in the morning to feel him slipping in and out of her from behind. Now, his size was all she knew, all she wanted. She joked that he had ruined her for other men, but in a way, he had. His cock slid past her wet lips and a deep growl escaped his throat. "Ava, ahhh, do you remember that time when you came back east, the day before you left we stayed up all night and I fucked your throat like this? Do you remember how you begged me for it? You remember how hard you made me cum? Uhhhh...God Ava, Fuck that feels so good. Ah, You remember how hard I fucked your little face that night?"

His words spurred her on, he knew exactly how to -- his hips bucked deeper now past her lips and deep into her throat. She moaned for him, making the muscles in the back of her throat contracted around the sensitive, swollen head of his cock. Her fingers curled into the back of his thighs, pulling him into her. Her eyes watered, he throat struggled to accommodate his large size again. She could feel the wetness from her pussy running down over her asshole and onto the cushions of the couch and she pressed her thighs together, her swollen clit burning for contact. 

He looked down at her, struggling to hold himself back and to give her time to adjust. He didn't want to hurt her but her throat felt so fucking good wrapped around him. God it had been too long. Her lips stretched around the base of his cock, her eyes watered slightly, he sank his hips down and slowly fed her his whole length -- he knew how hungry she was for him. She took all of him until her nose was buried in his pubic hair. She swallowed, the muscles of her throat working tantalizingly against the rock hard head of his cock. He gritted his teeth, trying to take his mind away from the pleasure her incredible mouth was giving him, slowly pulling himself from her slick lips. He watched himself withdraw, inch by inch, his prick glistening with her saliva. Once the scalding tip of his cock had left her lips, he moved down and pulled her into him, tasting himself in her mouth. The kiss was intense, their tongues dancing frantically, she moaned sexily into him, raised her hips up, attempting to sink some of his length into her wanton pussy. He bit her bottom lip gently and pulled his hips back slightly so that his cock rested on the inside of her thigh. "Not yet," he whispered to her, "It's been so long, I want to play."

Reaching down, he slowly ran a single thick finger up Ava's sopping wet slit. God her wetness amazed him, she had soaked the couch beneath her, but then again, she'd always been like that. No matter what -- she was ready. He used to fuck her in the middle of the night, wake her up to bury himself inside of her, sometimes they'd fuck in the car or the bathroom at work -- no matter where, she was always soaking wet and ready. He slowly flicked his thumb over her swollen clit, eliciting a deep throaty moan from Ava. Her hips bucked up into him and he pressed two fingers against the opening of her cunt. 

"God I want you so bad," Ava moaned softly. He smiled to himself, pressed his two fingers harder against her opening, teasing her softly, not allowing her the penetration she so badly wanted. With one fat finger slick from her juices, he began to lightly tease the puckered bud of her asshole, making her gasp and impale herself onto his invading fingers. He loved to watch her writhe like this; he loved to watch her body break out in sweat. He loved to know he could turn her on so much. Ava spread her legs further and her scent wafted up into his nostrils. A low growl escaped him, his muscles tensed, his grip on her small body tightened. Oh this girl, why was she the only one who could turn him on like this? 

Slowly, he lowered his head to her pussy and with one long, smooth stroke, tasted her entire wet slit with his tongue, lapping her juices greedily. Ava gasped, her eyes flew open; she tangled her fingers in his hair, gently guiding him deeper into her sex. "Oh yes eat me please, baby, my pussy needs your tongue so bad!"

With that, he began to suck gently on her clit while two fingers pistoned slowly in and out of her wet opening and a third flicked quickly over her little rosebud. Her breath came in gasps, her legs fell open as far as they possibly could, she pushed her hips up into his face, presenting him all of her pussy, asking him to take it, asking him to lick every little fold. 

She squeezed her eyes shut; her mind was like fireworks gone crazy. All she knew was that she needed his cock, filling her now. She pulled him up into her, bringing his lips down to hers, tasting her musky wetness on them. He used to love watching her finger herself and then bring the juicy digits to her mouth and lick them clean.

"Please," Ava moaned softly into his mouth, "Please fuck me like you used to, God I haven't cum like you used to make me cum in so long! fuck me baby please, God I'm already so hot. Please let me feel you inside of me."

Her urging was all he needed. Slowly, he adjusted himself so that his steel hard prick nudged against the opening of her sopping cunt. The two locked eyes, he pressed his lips to her ear and breathed, "Merry Christmas" before slowly sinking his hips down into her, pushing the first few inches of his cock into the depths of her scalding little pussy.
