 3.01 The Entertainment Room:
3.02 Dianne, Jessie, First Lesbian Mating:
3.03 Jessie, Dianne, Fisting, Bed:
3.04 Ethan and Daniel:
3.05 Adrian, Susan, The mating:

3.01 The Entertainment Room:

They entered the basement and Susan said,

"Tonight's entertainment is centered around our guests, Dianne and Daniel. Tomorrow night, the Beach House's hosts and benefactors will join us. From this point on, no clothes are permitted. Dianne and Jessie you can use changing room #1. Daniel and Ethan you can use changing room #2. Adrian and I will use changing room #3."

Dianne and Susan smiled when they saw Daniel and Ethan walk out of their changing room. The swaying 'packages' between their thighs were even more prominent with their five foot bodily frames.

Dianne sensed a nervousness in son and mentioned it to Dianne.

"Relax and remember how you felt the first time. Ethan is very good at this and knows Daniel is a virgin."

Dianne whispered,

"But I wasn't in front of an audience."

Susan and Adrian sat on the end of sectional that had the laptop sitting on the end table. She raised the platform, lowered the monitors from the ceiling and turned off the lights except for those over platform. A whirring sound was heard and the bed rose up onto the platform.

Susan typed something into the Laptop and pictures of Dianne and Jessie were shown on all the monitors.

3.02 Dianne, Jessie, First Lesbian Mating:

Jessie smiled and helped a slightly nervous Dianne on to her feet. She led Dianne to the bed on the platform. The monitors now showed different close up views of Jessie and Dianne standing by the bed. Their mutual arousals from the changing room hadn't diminished.

Jessie moved forward and put her hands on Dianne's hips and gently pulled her closer.

Dianne's hands reached out and she softly squeezed both of Jessie's breasts and her fingers played with Jessie's already erect nipples. Her breathing quickened and she leaned inward toward the flushed face that was adorning her body.

Jessie slowly moved her mouth close to Dianne's. Their slightly parted lips came together and Jessie ran her tongue between them. Dianne opened her mouth and Jessie's tongue slipped inward.

Dianne moaned softly and her body trembled with her first kiss from another woman. The tongues touched and then slowly they began dancing and playing with each other. Dianne's moan became louder and she pressed closer to Jessie, her breasts and nipples feeling the exquisite touches of those from another female.

Jessie broke the kiss and looked into Dianne's panting face. Her eyes were closed and her breathing came in quick pants.

Jessie caught the scent of Dianne's arousal and reached down and palmed Dianne's enflamed labia. For the first time, Dianne felt another woman touching her sex and her hips jerked into Jessie's massaging hand as a wave of pleasure washed across her loins. 

Dianne broke the kiss gasping,

"Ohhhhh .. Jessie .."

Dianne whispered,

"I want to explore your body, I want to find out what another woman's body feels like."

Jessie smiled knowingly and nodded.

Daniel looked at his mother and Jessie. One part of his mind told him that he shouldn't be watching this but the other part of his mind was filling him with excitement and anticipation. His stiff penis twitched knowing that his mother was about to become a lesbian.

Jessie sat down on the edge of the bed and had her lay back on it with her feet resting on the floor. Jessie looked up into Dianne's face and slowly spread her bent knees apart. As her thighs parted, so did the folds of her labia and Dianne gasped softly when she saw Jessie's sexual treasures unfolding before her eyes.

Jessie held out her arms to her virginal lover.

Dianne moved between Jessie's spread thighs and leaned over her body. Her hands reached out and cupped Jessie's firm breasts and began massaging and kneading them and her fingers caressed and fondled the bullet-like nipples.

Jessie sighed at the exquisite touches.

Dianne's head slowly lowered and her mouth neared Jessie's right breast. Jessie felt a warm, moist breath bathe her nipple just as Dianne's suckling mouth and lips descended on the erect rubbery tip.

A small gasp escaped Jessie's lips and she pushed her breast upwards into Dianne's loving mouth. At the same time Dianne massaged her other hand downward over Jessie's flat abdomen. Jessie knew where it was headed and spread her thighs further apart. She lifted her feet up onto the edge of the bed so Dianne would have complete access to her raised and open sex.

Dianne's hand now moved its way over Jessie's hairless mound and molded itself to her labia and began to massage the flared folds. Jessie gasped at the contact and pushed her sex into Dianne's loving hand.

While Dianne's mouth assaulted both nipples, her fingers slipped between the flared folds and traced Jessie's slick, pink furrow from rigid clitoris to clasping inner lips. Jessie's mind was being flooded with incredible sensations. Her swelling sex now wanted Dianne's full attention. Her breasts ached with arousal and her suckled bullet-like nipples pushed deeper into Dianne's wonderful mouth.

Dianne's finger slipped onto Jessie's engorged, rigid clitoris. Her slick finger began swirling and manipulating the extended organ of joy.

Jessie wailed in joy and ground her sex excitedly against the loving finger. Again that loving finger slipped downward between the flared folds and began an ecstatic tracing of Jessie's inner lips. At the same time, Dianne slowly slipped down over Jessie's aroused body onto her knees between her spread thighs. With her finger still caressing the clasping opening, her suckling mouth neared Jessie's throbbing clitoris. Jessie felt Dianne's warm breath bathe her sex, her breathing came in deep gasps and pants in anticipation. Dianne's tongue slipped out from her open mouth and curled around the rigid organ.

She arched upward off the bed and her hands grasped Dianne's head, pulling the sucking mouth further onto her erect clitoris. Only Dianne's firm grip on her hip prevented Jessie's twisting body from breaking the sexual contact. While Dianne's loving tongue suckled and caressed Jessie's clitoris, Dianne nudged two fingers into Jessie's eager entrance and slipped inward, twisting and turning.

Jessie threw her head back and wailed, her hips ground her excited sex and onto the discovering mouth and stroking fingers. Jessie gasped and panted, her hips bucked and thrust as Dianne pushed her body into a sexual frenzy. Dianne slipped a third finger into Jessie's clenching vaginal sheath, her strokes were deep, fast then slow, always twisting and always turning.

"Oh .. Dianne .. Yes .. Yes .."

While her mouth drove Jessie's clitoris insane with ecstasy, Dianne's fingers began searching within Jessie's spasming vagina. She felt Jessie's vaginal muscles clench around her fingers and then heard a deep gasp as circling tips searched for and found the sensitive tissues of Jessie's exploding 'G' spot.

Using the soft tips of her slick fingers, Dianne began to press and knead the hyper exited area. A forth finger joined in on the plundering of Jessie's seething passage. The twisting fingers stroked inward and withdrew to spark the 'sweet' spot again and again. Ecstatic lightning bolts of joy shot throughout Jessie's sexual being. Her body bucked and thrashed as her hips arched and ground her raging sex onto Dianne's suckling mouth and lunging fingers. Her frothy juices were oozed out past the loving fingers as her vaginal muscles clenched and spasmed.

Jessie squealed as her first orgasm was unleashed.

Dianne skillfully played the rhythm of Jessie's orgasmic spasms like a symphony conductor. Suddenly the orgasmic pulses of Jessie's clitoris and vagina came in sync and Jessie's body exploded with her second orgasm. Her hands fisted tightly, her toes curled. Her legs shot out in a wide 'V', kicking frantically in the air. Her body arched and froze as her orgasmic wail echoed around the room.

Jessie lay on the bed gasping for air as she came down from her orgasmic high. Dianne's twisting fingers were still within Jessie's spasming vagina and she moaned as delicious aftershocks rippled across her body. Dianne removed her fingers with a loud slurping sound and Jessie moaned as the wonderful fingers slipped out her body.

Dianne leaned over Jessie's still trembling body and they wrapped their arms tightly around each other.

Dianne whispered in Jessie's ear,

"I love touching and making love to another woman"

Jessie looked into Dianne's eyes and said,

"The best is yet to come."

Dianne lowered her head and they kissed deeply and passionately.

3.03 Jessie, Dianne, Fisting, Bed:

Jessie stood up and looked at Dianne as she lay on the bed.

"Now it is my turn. Center yourself on the bed and shuffle forward until your labia is just protruding over the edge of the bed."

Dianne quickly did so, wondering what Jessie was going to do to her.

Jessie knelt down in front of Dianne's closed legs and picked up the bottle of massaging oil. Dianne's breathing quickened when she saw Jessie pour a liberal amount of oil onto her hands. She closed her eyes when she felt the slick hands began to gently massage the top of her thighs. Slowly Jessie's hands moved downward onto her inner thighs and the touches moved from knees to almost touching her labia and then back to her knees. The slick fingers were always pressing, always massaging the soft skin of Dianne's trembling inner thighs. A soft moaned escaped Dianne's mouth each time the probing finger tips approached her swelling sex.

Finally, Jessie saw what she was waiting for, Dianne's thighs slowly began to part. This time the tips of her fingers lovingly traced the outer edges of Dianne's labia folds, deeper sigh was heard and the thighs spread wider apart. As they did the folds flared open and Jessie now saw Dianne's sexual treasures spreading open like the wings of a butterfly.

Jessie's hands formed themselves around Dianne's labia with a soft massaging motion and she smiled when she felt Dianne's hips jerk and then quick panting sounds were heard. Jessie slipped a finger between the folds and began to deliciously explore the wet furrow. She traced around the sensitive inner lips and then upward toward the hardening organ that was peeking out of its protective hood. Dianne's hips jerked as a slick finger tip pressed and swirled onto the thickening clitoral hood. The exploring fingers slipped downward and renewed their caressing of the Dianne's sensitive vaginal opening. She repeated the loving cycle again and again until and she heard whimpers of pleasure and felt Dianne's hips began to move in sync with her fingers.

Jessie saw the hard pink tip of Dianne's organ of joy and her slick finger pressed onto it with an ecstatic swirling motion. Dianne squealed, her hips jerked and a long moan escaped her mouth as her clitoris leaped outward.

Jessie reached down and pulled Dianne's feet up onto the edge of bed and her hands spread Dianne's thighs wide apart. Dianne's sex flared open and her rigid, pink clitoris stood out like a bright pink beacon. Jessie leaned inward and Dianne felt Jessie's warm, moist breath bathe her labia. Suddenly, the most ecstatic sensation gripped her loins as Jessie's mouth and tongue suckled their over her engorged organ of joy. Dianne's hands shot downward and grasped Jessie's head as jolts of joy exploded across her enflamed sex.

While Jessie's lips and tongue suckled on Dianne's exploding clitoris, Jessie nudged two fingers inward past the excited inner lips. They twisted and turned as they slithered past Dianne's excited inner lips. Another finger joined in on the delicious exploration of Dianne's clasping vagina and Jessie's mouth intensified its ecstatic sucking actions of Dianne's rigid organ. Dianne's body was nearing the peak of its arousal. Her erect nipples felt as though they were going to explode, her vaginal muscles clenched around the stroking fingers and her clitoris was sending jolts of joy cascading throughout her body.

Dianne felt the long twisting fingers circle around the lining of her vagina as though they was looking for something. It wasn't long before Jessie's finger tips found the rough, bean shaped area of Dianne's 'G' spot and began to massage and caress the hyper sensitive tissues. Dianne squealed with joy at the ecstatic contact, her body bucked upward and her vaginal muscles clenched around the stroking fingers of joy.

Jessie withdrew her loving mouth and fingers and Dianne lay back gasping and panting with her hands still gripping the sheet tightly. Jessie sat back on her knees and smiled up into Dianne's aroused and flushed face. Dianne saw Jessie pick up the bottle of massaging oil and her eyes opened wide and she saw Jessie pour a liberal amount of the slick lubricant onto her right hand and wrist. Jessie smiled and held up her slick hand so Dianne could see it.

Dianne's mind was screaming,

'NO .. NO .. NO'

but her body was screaming,

'YES .. YES .. YES'

Jessie looked over Dianne's body and smiled at her as she slowly slipped the tips of her grouped fingers between the swollen folds and pressed them against the eager opening. Jessie then nudged them inward twisting and turning. Dianne felt a great pressure as her vagina stretched and then unbelievable sensations exploded within her as the hand and wrist slipped inward. Slowly Jessie's hand slipped further inward and Dianne gurgled as the wrist, hand and fingers were soon twisting ecstatically within her enflamed vaginal passage.

"Oh God .. Oh God .."

Dianne's hips ground hungrily as spasms of joy raced throughout her sex. She thrust upward and wailed as she impaled herself deeply onto Jessie's lower forearm. Jessie's wiggling fingers massaged and danced all along the length of Dianne's spasming cavern causing Dianne to lift her head and squeal in joy.

Jessie waited a few seconds and then withdrew her wrist and squirmed it back inward. Dianne had never experienced such ecstatic sensations. Jessie now varied her thrusts from fast to slow, all in and all out, part way in and part way out causing Dianne's excited vaginal muscles to ecstatically spasm and clench. Jolts of joy shot to her dazed mind and her breath came in deep gasps and pants. Her thick vaginal juices spurted out past the lunging wrist and her hips and breasts thrust wildly into the air. Jessie stroked forward burying her wiggling fingers, hand and wrist deeply into Dianne's sexual being. Incoherent sounds of raw pleasure echoed around the room as Jessie's lower arm burrowed into Dianne's enraged sex again and again. Jessie leaned inward and her lips and tongue began sucking on Dianne's straining clitoris. Dianne's body bucked upward and jerked wildly as all the ecstatic sensations began merging into each other.

Jessie started her final series of masterful strokes. Dianne's mind could no longer control her bodies actions. She lay there and let the orgasmic pressure cooker build to the exploding point. Jessie's arm again slithered deeply into Dianne's stretched and clenching vaginal sheath. Loud slurping sound were heard as her vaginal fluids gushed out past the stretched folds and flowed down her thighs, drenching the sheet. Her hands clenched into fists and her toes curled up tightly as small orgasmic waves rippled up and down her body from her head to her toes. They built up higher and higher as Jessie lunged relentlessly into the depths of her enflamed womanhood. Her body shook and rippled with pure sexual joy, bright flashes of orgasmic lights danced around her eyes her body unleashed all consuming orgasm.

Dianne's body was so saturated with orgasmic ecstasy that it was unable absorb any more orgasmic sensations and she lost consciousness. Dianne slumped down onto the bed. Her body continued to buck and jerk as her internal orgasms continued. Slowly the contortions of her body ebbed and she regained consciousness, moaning as intense aftershocks rippled throughout her body.

Jessie smiled at Dianne's satisfied and fulfilled face. A loud suctioning sound was heard as she slowly withdrew her hand, wrist and lower forearm from Dianne's clasping vagina.

Torrents of vaginal fluids gushed out past the gaping entrance as it slowly returned to normal. Jessie leaned over Dianne's body. Their arms wrapped around each other and they kissed as only lovers can kiss.

Susan helped them both up from the bed and told her guests there would be a short break while Jessie and Dianne showered.

3.04 Ethan, Daniel, The Mating:

Susan put a bottle of personal lubricant on the foot of the bed. In a few minutes Dianne and Jessie returned and Susan nodded at Ethan. Both Dianne and Susan saw the nervous look that was filling Daniel's face.

Ethan whispered in Daniel's ear,

"It's Ok Daniel, everyone is nervous the first time."

Ethan took Daniel's hand and led him onto the platform toward the bed. When they reached the foot of the bed Ethan turn Daniel so he was facing his mother and the audience. His nervousness intensified, knowing that all eyes were now focused on his nakedness. Daniel began having second thoughts when he saw Ethan's swaying balls and stirring penis.

'Why couldn't they be alone somewhere .. not here, not in front of his mother.'

Daniel closed his eyes when he saw Ethan's hands reaching out toward him and then felt one hand lifting his balls and the other slipping under penis, cradling it with light squeezes. A small gasp escaped Daniel's mouth and he shifted his hips in a half-hearted attempt to stop Ethan's touches. As the persistent hands worked on his genitals, Ethan leaned inward and his lips closed over Daniel's right nipple with a delicious suckling action. The tongue swirled around the rising bud and Daniel winced as the sensations from his stirring penis radiated upward into his stiffening nipple.

He opened his eyes and looked at the monitor and saw Ethan's left hand wrapped around his half erect penis and the right hand massaging his balls. He saw and felt Ethan's mouth kissing its way over to his left nipple and his body stiffened in a futile effort to stop the sensations that were building within him.

Ethan's fingers closed around the thickening gland of his penis with an exquisite swirling action and Daniel gasped as his penis grew to full erection and his stiff nipples tingled as Ethan's massaging hand glided up and down his aroused member. In a reflexive action, his hips jerked outward and his chest pushed his excited nipples into the devouring, suckling mouth.

Ethan lifted his head and put his hands on Daniel's shoulders. He looked into Ethan's face and slowly brought his lips in close to Daniel's lips. Daniel felt their lips touch and he tightened them as Ethan began to slide his tongue back and forth over them. Ethan's hands left Daniel's shoulders and reacquired his erection and heavy testicles. Daniel couldn't suppress a moan and Ethan's tongue slipped between the parting lips. His heart began beating faster when he felt Ethan's tongue touch his tongue and begin to deliciously play with it. The sensations in his erection and nipples were intensifying and Ethan's kiss was giving him feelings that he had never felt before. In a few seconds a dazed and bewildered Daniel returned the kiss and soon a low moan was heard as the tongues danced and played with each other.

Ethan broke the kiss and Daniel's breath came in quick pants. Dianne smiled when she saw the flushed and aroused look on her son's face. Daniel felt Ethan reach out and palm the sensitive underside of his erection with an exquisite pressing and swirling action. He closed his eyes as his hips jerked his straining hardness against the hand and another moan heard.
