 My name is Easton, and a short time ago I discovered a hidden world inside the Cheslea Inn hotel chain. I found out a private, non-exclusive sex club exists that meets just after the bar closes each night. One night a beautiful woman picked me up for anonymous sex and introduced me to what was known as The Inn Club.

———

Once again business called me out of town, this time for an off-site. Most off-sites are supposed to be team building kinds of affairs, but this one was really a quarterly progress review in sheep's clothing. I wasn't so much worried about myself as for the others. My programs were solid, with one underperformer amongst many good ones. Most of my peers were not in the same position however. I arrived on a Monday afternoon when the corporate brass were having their off-site. Those of us not in the brass figured they were dining on babies. In any event I had the evening off, so after an early dinner of sushi from the local grocery store, I took a nap in hopes of some late night exercise. 

All of this ran through my head on the way down to the lounge, and as I arrived there were very few people. While there might have been more at the central city location, that was too close to the office and happened to be where a lot of my peers were staying. I didn't need to take the chance of people I knew seeing me with women away from home. Yeah, there was always a risk but I tried to manage it. A few minutes past eleven and there were three people sitting in the lounge area. Two appeared to be a non-playing couple, and the third was me. I determined to wait just a few minutes and then call it a night, and sure enough, at ten past I got up to head to the elevator. Turning as I stood, I nearly ran into a tall woman with jet black hair and glasses. She looked to be about my age, medium build and wearing a silk blouse, skin tight jeans and 4" stiletto heels. Though her facial features may have been average, the overall effect was stunning and I'm sure she knew it. 

As I drew up short she leaned in and whispered, "I was hoping to find someone here."

"Me too," I replied. 

She leaned back and withdrew a business card holder which she opened and thumbed through. Smirking, she selected one and handed it to me. "An introduction," she said. 

Laney

Player, The Inn Club

While the back gave her phone number as well as: solo, het, BB, toy.

The category 'toy' was a new arrival to Club terminology. It meant someone that just wanted to have a good time, pretty much doing whatever you wanted, within reason of course. The strongest definition of a willing partner. Not so much a submissive as someone who just wanted someone else to run the whole scene. And as you might guess, I suspected there were not too many of them around. I was smiling as I handed her my card.

Alex

Player, The Inn Club

And the back of the card gave my number and read simply: solo, hetero, requests.

She withdrew a phone and texted me.

Laney: 'interesting card, no specifics?''

Me: 'I'm easy to please. Isn't 'toy' rather new?'

Laney: 'like to think I coined it'

Me: 'wow. then room 461, bring whatever you want.'

She nodded, slid her phone into a pocket and turned away. I waited for the elevator doors to close behind her before heading up. As the doors closed behind me a couple moments later I adjusted my already hard cock.

This looked like a fantastic opportunity and I was never so happy to have taken a nap. In my room I poured two glasses of wine and changed into more comfortable slacks, no underwear, and kicked off my shoes. I opened the door and blocked it ajar with the security latch. A few minutes later there was a gentle knock and then Laney came through the door. She turned to fix the latch but I stopped her. "Leave it," I said. "Strip there, hang up your clothes if you like, and put your heels back on."

She dropped her bag to the floor, said "Yes, sirrr," seriously but with a smirk, and unbuttoned her blouse to reveal she was no longer wearing a bra. She had nice tits, at least a C cup, with upturned nipples that were already hard. She opened the closet and hung up her blouse, her tits readily visible should anyone walk by. She then reached down and undid the clasps on her shoes, peeled off her jeans and let them stay in a pile, and slid her shoes back on.

"And now the door if you please."

Nodding she unblocked the door, closed it and latched it. I handed her a glass of wine, noting she sported a thin landing strip of pubic hair. She sipped the wine, then downed the rest in one gulp. 

As she did, I asked, "So what else do I need to know about you, Laney?" 

"No decisions from me, and no time limit. I just want to enjoy and be enjoyed. Safe words are Yellow, Red, Uber," she smiled, "and no marks. Well, none visible."

A completely willing woman ready to do anything I wanted. Of course I had one rule above all: make sure she has a good time. I walked over to the lone office chair and sat down. "Well then, bring me the bag, and get busy sucking my cock." I'm not typically so direct, but she did say no decisions, so there would have been actually negative points for asking. 

She handed me the bag then sat down on her knees. Good thing I wasn't wearing underwear or there would have been no way for her to get my rock hard dick out of my pants. I opened the bag as she took me in her mouth. Wow could she suck cock. Her tongue was everywhere and her hands were nicely squeezing and cupping my balls. This was not going to take long, but I tried to distract myself with thoughts of what was coming. 

The bag contained a selection of goodies: an Hitachi wand, a rabbit vibe, two kinds of lube, two butt plugs with convenient loops to help remove them, one tame sized and one challenging, a collapsible spreader bar complete with cuffs, and a variety of condoms if one were so inclined. Suddenly I had the next hour or so completely planned. Of course, first she was going to make me come.

I dropped the bag and took firm hold of her hair as I approached my first orgasm of the night. "Mmm, you have a talented mouth, Laney, I'm about to reward your efforts."

She made a sound that might have been a whimper and tried to pull back, but I held her in place. "Oh, I know you want to swallow, but you're worried about what is in store for you. No need. Rule one is to make sure you leave here exhausted and satisfied. And filled." Whimper aside she had not stopped working my cock and I was quickly at the point of no return. As I swelled in her mouth she focused on my frenulum, heightening the sensation while drawing out my orgasm; I had found quite the fellatrix in Laney. Drawn out though it may have been, the ejaculation would not be stopped and I started to fill her mouth. To my surprise she kept working her tongue as my semen filled her mouth. My climax was one of the strongest ever from a BJ and my knees were weak. 

Still, eyes on the prize. Stay on task. "That was fucking incredible, but you've heard that before. Now keep sucking." I took a deep breath. "I am going to make you come as many times as I can, or as many times as you can stand I hope. I'll give you one task: you must tell me if I need to do something different to get you off." She looked up at me, her mouth still filled by my softening cock. She nodded. "Oh, and I'll be ready to fuck you in 10 or 20 minutes, so don't worry." She made a happy whimper and looked away. 

Okay, I was now ready to relax by not letting her relax. "Go kneel on the couch and spread your knees." She stood, looking incredibly sexy like only a sexually confident woman can. I was soon rewarded with a good view of her ass and pussy, and I was pretty sure she was thoroughly wet. Grabbing the spreader bar from the bag I extended it fully and locked it in place above her calves, forcing her knees even wider. She looked back over her shoulder. "Eyes front, nothing for you to watch back here." Her head snapped around and she rested her chin in the back of the couch. "You don't need to be loud, but I do want to hear you," I said. 

She breathed heavily, "Oh yes, sirrr."

I squeezed out a generous amount lube on my fingers and unceremoniously pressed it into her pussy. As I thought, she was dripping wet. "Mmm," she moaned, "fuck me." 

I slapped her ass with my other hand, "That's not the kind of direction I want from you. If you want it faster, slower, harder, a different angle, that kind of thing. Not 'fuck me now.'"

"Yes sir," she said curtly. I positioned the larger butt plug and the Hitachi near me then put a bunch of lube on my hand. This I pressed firmly into her ass as she sighed into the couch cushion. I then lubed up the plug and pressed it against her sphincter but did not try to insert it. "Yellow," she said breathily. I waited until I felt her relax slightly then pressed forward slowly. She breathed steadily and the toy popped right inside her. 

I stood and leaned near her ear, "Your ass stays full until we're done." I could see she was flexing her ass, making the toy move slightly in and out. 

I went to the bathroom, washed my hands and returned to place a small pillow under her chin. "You might need this as I am going to make you come several times in a row now. Be sure to declare when you're coming." 

She was looking at me as I talked, but when I stopped she quickly looked away and put her face in the pillow. "Oh shit," I heard her mumble. 

While I had not encountered a squirter in my life, I had brought a bath towel back with me and placed it between her knees just in case. Once again lubing my fingers, I held the Hitachi like a baseball and extended my middle and index finger. Knowing what she really wanted was penetration, with no further preliminaries I pushed my two fingers into her as far as I could. She moaned nicely.

It's nice to know when you're on the right track. 

I started pressing down and rubbing with my fingertips on what felt like her g-spot. She moaned and seemed to melt a bit. Time for the bombshell. I continued just long enough for her breathing to increase when I switched the Hitachi on high. Her scream of "FUCK!!" was barely muffled by the pillow. She began to pant very fast and then she stopped breathing altogether. I watched her muscles tighten for a good ten seconds or so, all the while rubbing her g-spot, before she clamped down hard on my fingers and explosively exhaled as she resumed panting. She was really tight around my fingers but you know married guys have strong grips so I had no trouble staying right where I was. I held her in place with my left arm as my right drive her onward. I pulled the Hitachi away when her contractions abated and she said quietly, "Mmmm, one."

I immediately thrust my fingers to her spot, which also mashed the vibrator right into her clit. She breathed rapidly three, maybe four times before her breath caught yet again. Knowing the vibrator would kick her over, I did something naughty. 

When a lady is coming you should keep doing whatever got her to that point: that angle, that speed, that amount of pressure. But now I stopped moving my fingers for the ten seconds she was trying to control an exhale, and then at the first clench I resumed rapidly stroking her g-spot. This time all she could muster was a strangled "uhhhh" as her pussy contracted around my fingers. Again I waited until she was spent before pulling back on the vibrator. Fortunately for her, I was rock hard again. "Two," she said quietly. 

Feeling mischievous, I did another naughty thing. I asked her to think, but just a little. "Is there anything I could do better for you?"

She shook her head, a little bit too quickly. "Laney," I said, "If you don't tell me we'll go for a few more with no pause and you might not be able to walk tomorrow."

She groaned into the pillow before answering the question with what might have been mock reluctance. "Fuck me with the plug."

"My pleasure." 

I noticed she gripped the pillow and firmly pressed her mouth into it. "Oh fuck," I heard her say. 

First, I turned the vibrator on high, though it was not yet in contact with her directly. Then I took hold of the loop and started slowly pulling the plug out. When resistance grew firm, I plunged it back it. After two cycles I was rewarded with a moan, "That's, mmmm, perfect, sirrr."

Rather than thank her with words for the confirmation, I firmly trust the Hitachi against her mons and my fingers against her g-spot even as I continued to pump her ass with the plug. Her reaction told me her direction had been spot on. So to say. 

Instantly she seized up, clenching my fingers so tightly I couldn't move them at all. She didn't breathe, but literally growled into the pillow for a good twenty seconds as she started to twitch. Oh, to have a build up that long. Then, as her orgasm hit and she started to rhythmically contract around my fingers she let out a rather high pitched "Ahhh!" and literally gushed around my fingers. Her legs shook, her limbs trembled and I kept after her pussy to make sure she was thoroughly spent. 

This time, as her contractions ebbed I quickly withdrew my fingers and the vibrator. "I'm pretty sure you're a pleasant orange on the vibrator now." 

A satisfied "hmmmm" was her reply. 

Standing, I took position behind her, "And now, Laney, guide my cock to your pussy because it has one more purpose to fulfill tonight."

Wordlessly but instantly she reached back, grasped my steely cock and pulled me into her. The plug made for an interesting sensation as I thrust home to the hilt inside her. "Nnnnggg," she groaned, "The. plug."

Grasping the loop with one hand and a handful of tit with the other, I said, "That is precisely what I wanted to hear from you." I held the loop next to my abdomen so that it fucked her in time with my cock. "But you forgot to count. Oh, never mind." 

I felt myself rising quickly, the past twenty minutes being an insane turn on. "Anything else I need to do for you, Laney?"

Three hard orgasms down and she was still hot to go. She looked over her shoulder, "You could come in my pussy."

I laughed as I fucked her harder. "Happy to oblige. Now, keep your eyes on me while I pound your pussy and fill you up." Her eyes were filled with a mix of desire, contentment and longing in equal measure. 

Her pussy tightened around me and as she noticed my expression change she smirked. "Such a lovely, wanton slut," I said. 

"Yes, sir," she said. 

I then lengthened my stroke, which pulled even more on the plug. This instantly pushed her, and then me, over the edge. As I continued to pound her I felt my orgasm well up as she tightened around me. Then I exploded, pumping her pussy as strongly as I ever had; thrusting and pumping my come into her for as long as she climaxed. 

Finally, spent, I sheathed myself fully within her, reached under her chest to palm her breasts and pulled her back to my chest. She turned her face to me and I kissed her thoroughly. Parting a long while later, she said, "You, sir, knew exactly what I was looking for."

"I cannot tell you how surprised and pleased I was to receive your card. "

She moved forward, but I followed, still within her. "You are a motivated lover, but I'm afraid I'm orange on the pussy now, sir."

I pulled out slowly, "Don't want to overstay my welcome." Then I pulled on the plug. She moaned as I did and I said, "I'm going to the bathroom. Then I'm fucking your ass. Get in position." Over my shoulder I added, "And bring the Hitachi."

A few minutes later I had rinsed off and was looking forward to round three. I emerged from the bathroom to find her on her back in the middle of the bed, the Hitachi and a bottle of lube beside her. "Scoot back and prop your head up," I told her. She did so without comment and I got on the bed, straddling her chest. I wasn't completely soft just yet, but I was far from hard enough to penetrate her ass. "Open," I said and she obediently did so. I moved forward and deposited my cock in her mouth. Without further direction she started sucking and licking my cock. It was maybe thirty seconds before I knew I would be hard again. 

As I thickened in her mouth I leaned back and started tugging on the butt plug. She moaned around my dick and if anything her blowjob became more inspired. Then, an inspiration hit me. Once fully hard I pulled out of her mouth. "Remove the plug and get yourself ready. And close your eyes."

"Mmmm," she said, "Yes, sir."

I got off the bed and grabbed a condom. After rolling it on I rubbed some lube on myself and had a sudden inspiration. I remembered that the sushi had come with some pickled ginger. I rubbed this all over my cock, wiped off my hand and returned to the bed. 

Her knees were up, the Hitachi in her hand. I took the vibrator and set it down. "Hold your knees," I said, and watched as she bent double, drawing her knees back to almost put her feet behind her head. This had the effect of raising her ass and pussy right up to me. I pressed my cock head right to her sphincter and she tensed briefly. Watching her closely, as soon as she relaxed I pressed forward slowly but steadily. She exhaled steadily and took to me to the root. 

Having had anal sex maybe five times in my life, the sensation of her ass clamped around me was like an electric shock. I knew she was expecting me to start thrusting, but that wasn't my plan. "You can open your eyes now." She did, looking up at me curiously. "And you can let go of your knees. I'll hold you."

As thirty or so uncomfortable seconds of silence passed, the look of curiosity changed. She wiggled around a little under me and an odd expression came over her. "Um, I'm not sure how to say this. Or, what to say," she said, giving me a rather sheepish look.

"Just out with it."

"Um, I'm not uncomfortable with you in my ass, but,"

"No puns."

"Haha. Something is different and I can't place it."

"Describe it."

"My ass is getting really warm."

"You do have a hot ass, Laney."

She patted my cheek. "Haha. No, it's as if I was allergic to the lube, but that can't be the case."

"Or it could be I rubbed ginger on my cock."

Her eyes popped open. "Red! You fucker!"

I held my position. "I'm not moving, so if you want me to stop, then it's your last safeword and you leave for the night. Now, you wouldn't want to deny yourself the chance to go home with three loads of my come in your body and yet another orgasm, would you?"

"This is really distracting," she said, "and why isn't it bothering you?"

I grinned and she reached around my back to feel my cock, and the condom. "You. Fucker." A small bead of sweat appeared on her brow. "That's really warm now."

"Absolutely nothing permanent will happen." I gave her a slight thrust and her eyelids drooped. "And when I'm not inside you it just might subside a bit faster." She said nothing, just looked back at me, waiting.

"Now, grab the Hitachi and make yourself come."

Pouting, she said, "Yes, sir," and complied.

Not even pretending to want preliminaries, she pushed the head of the vibrator against her mons and switched it on high. Although my plan had been to frustrate her just a little by getting off just on the contractions of her orgasm, plans never survive first contact with the enemy. 

After a good two or three minutes of dedicated vibration, she looked up at me with an expression of frustration. "Sir, I, I.."

"Go on."

"I don't want to tell you to fuck me. It's just..."

"Yes?"

"The sensation of you in my ass, and not moving, is distracting me and I don't know why." She switched off the vibrator and dropped it on the floor. If I didn't know better I'd say she was on the verge of tears.

"Well, we can't have that now, can we?" As she looked up at me I said, "Now, lock your arms and legs around my back." She did, and our angle changed slightly. I leaned down and kissed her fully on the mouth as I started to fuck her ass, slowly at first and then increasing in speed. She breathed heavily through her nose for a while, then took to occasionally breaking free of my mouth to breathe easier. 
