 My name is Easton, and a short time ago I discovered a hidden world inside the Cheslea Inn hotel chain. I found out a private, non-exclusive sex club exists that meets just after the bar closes each night. One night a beautiful woman picked me up for anonymous sex and introduced me to what was known as The Inn Club.

*****

Late winter saw me attending a customer conference in Tennessee. Though the event was being held at a swankier resort, the Nashville Cheslea Retreat, the off season and atypically cool weather meant that the resort was far less crowded than one would encounter in the spring and summer. I had never attempted to link up with Club members at a resort location, and my little on-line faq didn't have any crowd sourced entries for me to go by.

As a result, there were many possible bars where one might encounter Club members...or not. There were also several other conferences and conventions going on, so there were a quite a few people around until much later than at the typical hotel. 

Coming back on Tuesday night after a full day of meetings at one side of the resort, I planned to relax in my room until ten thirty butI found myself going stir crazy at the thought of a casual hook-up. Departing early also gave me time to browse a few of the resort bars before settling in on one where I might indulge in a little polite hunting.

This was not made easier by the fact that I had left my glasses behind. Short distances such as within a room were no problem, but reading signs and recognizing people at a distance was a non-starter. 

I walked through the first couple of bars noting relatively few people, but the third one was close to another set of convention rooms and it was quite busy. Though not quite standing room only, I estimated there were forty to fifty people, men and women, of varying ages though mostly older than thirty. I sidled up to the bar and ordered a G&T as I attempted to nonchalantly look around the room for possible Club partners. As most of the people were talking loudly in groups of three or four, it seemed likely they shared in whatever conference was going on nearby. I should have joined in one of these conversations to gain some insight into the group and their interests, but me being me I didn't do that.

It was fifteen past eleven when a number of the groups started to break up and the crowd thinned out. One woman of about my age with dirty blonde hair remained behind after the rest of her group left. She took a seat at a table by herself and sat back. I watched as she took out her phone, did something with it, then placed it face down on the table before her. She sipped her drink and sat back again. I took a brief look around, and seeing no one approaching her, I did.

Arriving at her table in front of her, I bent down slightly and said, "Do you mind if I join you?"

A pair of surely unnaturally bright blue eyes looked up at me and smiled. "Please do," she said in a quiet but sure voice.

"Can I ask you a question?" I said.

She sipped her drink and smiled again, "Please do."

"Was the large group here all part of the same conference?"

She nodded and tucked a lock of hair behind her ear. "Yes."

"I see. And that conference is?"

She grinned, "I like a specific question. Pharmacologists. An annual bash put on by drug manufacturers."

An alarm bell tried to go off in my head, but the volume was strangely turned down and I was able to ignore it. I grinned back, "Must be interesting when Pfitzer gives away hundreds of Viagara."

She was sipping when I said that and she coughed rather violently when she started to laugh at the same time. She coughed for a good thirty seconds before she cleared her throat and calmed down. She was smiling, and blushing. "Oh yes, lots of promises of all nighters wouldn't you know."

I shrugged. "I would never promise all night, but then again I am not a Pfitzer fan."

She raised an eyebrow. "I see. And why would you tell me this?"

I reached into my pocket and withdrew a card. "I made an assumption that you might be one to, play?"

She reached out and I handed her my card. At that exact moment a female and rather slurred voice said loudly over my shoulder, "I know this guy Beth!" And the unseen assailant took my card and dropped heavily into a third chair.

My companion to be looked at me with surprise, looked at the new arrival with disdain, and rose from her seat. "Have a good night Jane."

At that exact second I didn't need to look over at the new woman to know that I had a very big problem on my hands. Pharmacist. Jane. My ex-sister-in-law met those parameters. I turned to confirm my conclusion and found Jane examining my card with obvious difficulty as she struggled to focus.

Moving the card to and fro she said, "So, Alex is it? What's the deal with this?"

This is illustrative of what happens when you are not paying attention to your surroundings, say the people in the bar or the big signs that must have welcomed the pharmacists to their convention. Crap.

And now I should probably provide a little background.

*****

Many years ago my wife's brother married Jane and they proceeded to have two children. I always found Jane a bit standoffish and she never entered into the discussions the family would have at our periodic gatherings. Nevertheless, as the years went by I may have been one of the few people in the family that tried to engage her in conversation. I am certain that a big part of the family's feelings toward her resulted from how she treated her children. In fact, when the kids were younger we observed this directly and frequently talked about it behind her back, and when the kids got older they would tell us stories—in the presence of their father no less. As for me, I was always polite and tried to reach out, but as I mentioned, she was standoffish to the last and I also didn't think much of her parenting skills. 

Then, about six months ago Jane sent me a birthday gift. The preceding history should tell you I was surprised to receive it. It was a t-shirt from a museum in her hometown and a gift card for a local chain restaurant. Nice, nothing too special, definitely unexpected, and the timing made little sense to me.

When Christmas came around she sent me another gift. This time it was a fairly pricey bottle of scotch, and it came to my work address rather than my house. Surprising twice over. As with the birthday gift, there was no card to explain the mystery, so I simply took the bottle home, added it to the liquor tray and began to enjoy it. The wife isn't a drinker so she didn't even notice the addition.

A month later we had another family get together and Jane's kids let it be known that their mom was having a bit of a tough time. That night I reached out to Jane and offered some conversation over dinner if we were ever in the same city. We both traveled quite a bit for work, but neither of us was ever in the other's city. I sent her the current version of my work calendar, she thanked me for the offer, but said nothing else about it.

I learned a short time ago that to no one and everyone's surprise that Jane and Ray were separated but not certain they would go through with a divorce. To my additional surprise the kids decided to remain with their mother until the youngest finished high school.

And now, maybe two weeks after that, Jane was sitting at my table, drunk, and holding my Club card which clearly did not have my real name on it. Though a lot in those lasts paragraphs was interesting, nothing happened to be more interesting than the fact Jane was not only drinking, but drunk. To my knowledge they didn't even keep alcohol in the house. So now that I appeared to be at the mercy of my shrew of an ex-Sister-in Law, it looked like I was pretty well fucked. And not in the way I had planned. 

*****

"So, Alex, care to explain?" she asked, still struggling to focus on me and the card.

"Jane, I'm ready to discuss it with you if we can go somewhere where we don't have to shout to be heard."

She nodded, sloppily, before attempting to stand. I stood quickly and went to her side to help her stand. I put her arm through mine and I held her firmly as we started to walk toward the elevators. "Should we go to your room?" I asked.

She stumbled slightly before looking up at me with clearly unseeing eyes. "Think, maybe, forgot, key?"

I sighed and helped her into the elevator. Pushing the button for my floor I resigned myself to a few hours of drunk duty trying to keep her from puking all over my room.

As predicted, we had no sooner entered my room than she covered her mouth with her hand and I quickly got her to the toilet where she loosed the contents of her belly. The last time I had been in this position was over thirty years ago, and I soon realized the proceedings were as ugly as I remembered.

I held her hair, cleaned her face with a cool damp rag, and held her as she wrenched her guts out time and time again. When finally nothing more would come I got her to rinse and gargle and sit on a pillow I brought in to the bathroom. She resisted me when I tried to get her to drink some water.

"Easton, thanks for being here." I nodded and she continued, "You didn't have to."

"You needed help and I was there. Don't worry about it."

It might have been her discomfort, but her eyes seemed a bit less clouded than they had been an hour before. "What's the deal with the card?" She asked.

"Do you really want to know?" I said.

She didn't nod, just closed her eyes for a moment. "A fake name? What's so bad you need a fake name? And looking for women? Aren't you still happily married?"

Her emphasis on 'happily' was irritating, but I kept my voice neutral. "Jane, what I do is my business. Though I suppose now that you have seen that card you might decide to make it your business."

"Easton, Alex, whatever. I'm divorced. Fuck it."

I was shocked by two things here: the language, and the divorce. Counting her state, that was three bonafide surprises in one night. "I, I'm sorry to hear that Jane."

Her head hanging down she looked up at me through her damp hair. "You don't have to bullshit me, I know no one in the family likes me. Well, I guess it isn't my family anymore." The look on her face said she didn't really like that fact.

I sighed. "That's probably a really long discussion for another time Jane."

Her head lolled to one side, "Sure, but tell me what you really think." After a pause she added, "Alex." The last was not said with affection. I think she sobbed just a bit as I pondered my reply.

I bit back a comment on her skills as a mother and tried to be sympathetic. "Your girls seem strong, well adjusted and ready to meet the world, and I honestly don't know how you did it. I also don't know why you married Ray in the first place, but that's not my business. As for family, you've got blood ties to the clan now. But regardless, I'm sure the divorce is painful."

Jane briefly went into a full blown cry before I handed her a small towel and convinced her to drink some water.

"Jane, I've never seen you drink. What's up with that?"

She looked at me with a half-semblance of focus. "Just one more thing I've never done." Her eyes stared right into mine. "Now, about Alex."

I took a deep breath. "Go on."

She withdrew the card and squinted with an effort to focus on the small print. She read, "solo, het, requests." Dropping the card she said, "Should I take that to mean you are alone, heterosexual and just looking to please?"

I laughed a bit and answered, "Yes, actually, that's exactly what it means."

"What's so bad at home?"

"Nothing. And that's the problem. Nothing. I simply got tired of no sex for weeks on end and decided to, shall we say, open my mind."

Jane looked at me with curiosity. "Being that I am still drunk, should I tell you something I've never told anyone else?"

"Actually, I'd prefer that you'd not—"

"I wasn't a virgin when I married."

"I—"

"I've only ever done it with the lights off."

"Well, I—"

"I've only ever done it missionary, because I never wanted to think about it."

"I see. Well, not really. Why tell me this?"

She took my chin and turned me to face her. "Might Alex want to help me change that?"

I remained silent for an uncomfortably long period, which led her to hang her head and say, "I understand. I didn't expect a yes."

I moved so as to sit down behind her before leaning her back into me. "Jane, I'll be completely honest with you, though truth be told I'm a decent liar when required." She laughed shortly, more like a snort really. "A willing woman is just about the most attractive thing to me. I submit that a willing woman can seduce just about any man because someone who says they want to have sex with you is just about impossible to turn down. But then again, maybe that's just me."

"I didn't succeed with you just now," she said quietly.

I put my mouth near her ear and said quietly, "Jane, your wrong, but not entirely. First, if you really want to have sex, it won't be for the first time with you drunk." I hoped she understood she just wasn't at all attractive in her current state, not to mention the whole consent dilemma she was presenting. "Second, I'll leave you some ideas to put you in a more sexy frame of mind. Then we can try again."

She nodded, a bit, then turned to look at me. "I'm really, really tired now. Can I stay here?" Before I could answer she went limp in my arms. Sighing, I put my arms under her and held her tight as I stood to my feet. I dragged her over to the bed and lay her down on it. I turned her on her side and unclasped her blue cotton bra before removing it and her blouse. I'll admit, I did take in the sight of her tits and lovely nipples, but only because they were right there in front of me. I pulled one of my undershirts over her head and got her arms through the holes, which was much more difficult that I had imagined it would be. Rolling her to her side I unzipped her skirt. Removing it I was surprised to find her wearing black lace panties. I wondered if everything she had said was really true. 

I tucked her into bed and crawled in next to her, but with a sheet separating us. I set an alarm for four hours later so I could get some fluids and an aspirin into her system. It made for a restless night, but at seven when I woke up and got ready to leave, she was sleeping peacefully. I hoped her dreams were likewise peaceful and I decided to leave her a note. 

"Jane, hope you are feeling better. As soon as you read this, drink all the OJ in the fridge and take another aspirin before drinking a few glasses of water. If you want to continue the discussion from last night, here are two things I want you to do: get a Brazilian wax, and buy a bullet vibe."

I was half hard as I left the room, wondering what I would encounter later in the day.

My day was filled with meetings and briefings and as such nothing was out of the ordinary until around four in the afternoon when I got a text. I had decided to carry both phones and I was pleased when I discovered it was my Club phone that buzzed with a message. It was from a number I did not recognize but the message was pretty clear. 'Alex, up for dinner? Thanks for last night. Got your note. Two words for you: OUCH! Ooooo. —Tish.' I laughed at the 60s reference. Looked like things might pick up for me later.

'Tish, I'll make that pain well worth it. Shall we meet for American grill at 7?'

'Something more interesting?'

'Sushi?'

'Never had it. Let's do it.'

'After dinner.'

'LOL. I hope so.'

'K. drop an overnight bag at my place 6:45. Then sushi.''

'K. C U then.'

I slipped the phone back into my bag and paid less than half a mind to the rest of the presentation. Before dinner I returned to my room and changed into some more relaxing clothes. I also made sure that a few items were close to the bed if needed. I didn't know precisely what Jane might be up for, but was going to be ready for anything. Promptly at 6:45 there was a tap on my door. Opening it I took in the sight of Jane in a shimmering blue dress with a nice deep v to accent her cleavage. I took the bag from her hands and kissed her on the cheek. "Good evening Tish, how are you?" I dropped the bag in the room and closed the door behind me. 

She kissed me back and took my elbow as we turned toward elevators. "I had a bit of a rough night, but fortunately a Good Samaritan took care of me and by ten this morning I was right as rain." We didn't talk much on the way to dinner.

We arrived at the restaurant on time and the hostess led us directly to the booth I had reserved. After sitting down in our booth and picking up my menu I asked, "So, how much of last night do you remember?"

"Fortunately, oddly, and somewhat unfortunately, most of it I think."

The server came by, took our drink order, and I gestured for Jane to continue.

"I remember being dreadfully drunk, vomiting while you sat there with me, and confessing I was miserably divorced. And apparently you've been living at least part of another life that I wouldn't mind exploring."

I nodded as I listened, then said, "You do look quite nice tonight. How, um, do you feel?"

"A Brazilian?" she said in a burst as she tried to keep her voice down, "I honestly did not know what I was asking for, but a quick web search fixed that. At first I was shocked, but then I just took a deep breath and walked to the spa before I could chicken out." She leaned forward, "I don't understand the appeal really. Is it really a turn on?"

I found myself quickly hardening at the thought of getting my mouth on her bare pussy; something I had never envisioned until I wrote the words this morning. I took her hand and placed it on my crotch. She started and tried to pull back her hand, but I held it there. She looked at me and there was honest desire in her eyes. "Oh yes," I said, "and I'll make sure you feel the effort was worth it."

She gave me a squeeze and I released her hand. I moved my hand to the hem of her dress. She looked at me as her eyes widened in surprise. "What are you doing?" She said quietly. My hand was halfway up the inside of her thigh when the server came back. She tried to push it away but I just held it there. 

I turned to her, "Tish, shall I order for us since you haven't had sushi before?" I stroked her skin with my fingers and she held a tight grip on my wrist. She didn't reply and looked rather frozen on the spot.

"We'd like some warm sake, California rolls, shrimp, salmon, ahi and neguri. Oh, and can you bring the ahi as sashimi?"

Our server, a late teen girl with overly large glasses repeated everything back and then disappeared. Jane was still clutching my wrist to be sure I didn't go any higher on her thigh. I looked around and saw there was no one really close by. "Tish, no one can see us. If you relax no one need know we are playing around. Besides, at least yourarousal isn't obvious if you stand up."

She giggled at that and relaxed her grip. She had no sooner done that then I stroked still higher up her thigh. "Alex..." she said under her breath.

"What are you worried about?"

She was blushing now and looked away. "This just seems, well, inappropriate."

By now I was stroking against her panties but not touching her vulva. "Just take a deep breath and ride that feeling of anxiety to a rush." She released a long breath and I felt her muscles relax just a bit.

"I had no idea you were into such things, Alex."

"This? This is nothing." I walked my fingers to the elastic edge of her panties and made it clear I planned to push them under. "Tish, put your hands above the table. Play with your phone or check your makeup or something."

She didn't want to look at me just then, but she did as I asked and rummaged through her bag for her phone and a small mirror. "Tish? Look at me please."
