 She was standing all alone and seemed to be looking for someone, so I walked over to her with my drink in my hand.

"Hi," I greeted her. "I'm Chuck" and I held out my right hand.

"Hi. I'm Diane," she said while grasping my hand in hers. I squeezed it with a firm handshake.

"Really? Diane? I had a girlfriend named Diane."

"Uh... Is that so surprising? It's not that uncommon a name."

"Well, no. But she was an uncommon girl."

"Oh, yeah? How so?" she asked innocently.

"Well, I don't know many girls like her."

"So, what made her so different?"

"She liked to fuck all the time," I explained.

"Excuse me? What did you say?"

"I said she wanted to do it all the time."

"No, I mean before that."

"You mean 'fucking'? She liked to fuck all the time."

"Ah, I don't think I want to hear -"

"She was insatiable. She couldn't get enough," I interrupted.

"And she was good at it, too," I continued. "She would come hard and really easy and, man, was she noisy! Sometimes she was so noisy I had to put a pillow over her face so the neighbors wouldn't hear us. And the nearest neighbor was two doors away!"

Diane was holding her drink level with her mouth, but hadn't taken a drink, just holding it there with her mouth open and a stunned look on her face. A face that was perfectly proportioned with well-defined features; long eyelashes; blue, blue eyes; and full, luscious lips painted with bright red lipstick. Her blond hair was shoulder length with a front flip and clips on each side holding it behind her ears. Her earrings looked like diamond studs.

She was wearing a sleeveless, printed silk, front-buttoned blouse and her chest seemed unencumbered by a bra, prominently displaying her tits and protruding nipples. Her slim waist embraced a short, burgundy skirt that ended a good six inches above her knees and had a slit up one side another four inches. No panty line, of course, and she wore light brown, silk stockings on legs that ended in dark blue, high heeled shoes. This Diane was a knockout.

"I hope talking about my old girlfriend, Diane, doesn't make you uncomfortable. I mean, we're adults here and I'm sure we've both done our share of 'fucking', haven't we?" I persisted.

She started to day something, but I cut her off. "Why don't we get some fresh drinks and go sit somewhere and talk?"

"Uh... Sure, I guess," she managed to say.

I quickly and gently took her arm and guided her to the bar. We both ordered new drinks and I made small talk about the liquor selection displayed at the bar. I put both drinks on my tab and directed us to an empty table away from the bar and the lights. She seemed more at ease as we put our drinks down and slid into the circular booth so we were both facing out toward the dance floor. I scooted close, making sure our hips touched. She didn't slide away.

I raised my glass for a toast and said "Diane, here's to conversation." We clicked our glasses together and each took a sip.

"So, what brings you here?" I asked, starting the conversation. I had to raise my voice to get above the music and the noise.

"I've been out of town for a while, traveling around," she said, intentionally ignoring my question.

"Did you enjoy your travels?" I asked, putting my hand lightly on her leg just below her skirt. The silk stockings felt, oh, so smooth and sexy.

"Uh... Yeah..." she replied, seemingly surprised at my hand gently touching her leg.

I kept the conversation going as I turned slightly toward her and ran my hand up the outside of her skirt, up her front to just under her breasts. She squirmed a little as I did this.

"Did you meet some nice people?"

"Uh... Yeah, I guess so." She seemed distracted as I caressed her just under her breasts.

"You want to tell me about your girlfriend?" she asked and shifted slightly toward me, parting her legs as she did so.

"Huh?" Her question and her movement had caught me off guard.

"Your old girlfriend. You seemed to have liked her. You want to talk about her?"

"Uh... Well, O.K. If you want to hear about her." I moved my hand back down to her legs. Her skirt had ridden open to the top of the slit and I lightly stroked the silk stockings on the inside of her leg.

"Sure. Go ahead," she encouraged.

"First of all, she was very beautiful. Almost as pretty as you, if I say so."

Diane touched my leg. I continued.

"When we first met there was this kind of attraction that I didn't identify at first."

"You mean sex?" She began rubbing my leg.

"I guess it was, but I was kind of slow to catch on."

"How did she feel about that?" She turned in the booth to face me with one leg on the seat and bent at the knee. She put one hand on my shoulder and kept rubbing my leg with the other hand.

She moved closer so her tits were brushing my chest. My cock started to respond.

"Diane...?" I questioned her boldness.

"Go ahead. If she was coming on to you and you didn't know it, what happened then?"

"Well, it all happened so fast. On our first date we went to a club. She flaunted her body as she danced and rubbed against me whenever she could. The signs were all there, but it was our first time together and all. She wouldn't sit down, but wanted to stand at the end of the bar with her back against the bar. She put me next to her facing the bar with her hand around the front of my waist. Because of the noise level, she had to lean into me to say something and she would press her chest hard against my upper arm. Before long, unobserved by everyone, she was stroking me through the front of my pants."

I moved my hand farther up her legs.

"You mean your cock? She was playing with your cock?" She moved her hand up my leg and grasped my hardening cock.

"Yeah, that's what I mean," I replied as I tried to act casually to her grabbing. "We danced some more and all the while she had her chest thrust out on display. She had an impressive chest and she knew how to move it and her hips so that there was no question about what she was suggesting. In between dances we would take our positions at the bar and she would rub her chest against me and play with my cock."

I brushed the inside of her thighs with the back of my hand.

"That sounds pretty sexy."

"You're telling me! She started kissing me. Well, I might have been slow, but I wasn't dead. Pretty soon I said we should leave and she said 'Good.' She was hanging on me as we walked to the car. And as soon as we were in the car, she took her panties off and threw them down on the floor of the car. Then she was all over me. Her shirt was off, her skirt was bunched up around her waist, and she grabbed my hands and put them on her tits. She told me to squeeze them harder as she was opening my pants to grab my cock. She straddled me right there in the car and sat down on my cock with her tits in my face."

I moved my hand farther up and found out why there was no panty line. I moved my fingers over her hot, wet sex.

"Is it hot in here? It seems like it's hot in here. I'm getting really hot," she said.

I think she was ready, but I pushed it along.

"Yeah, it's a little warm. We were in the car and she was bouncing up and down and her tits were slapping my face. I reached up, grabbed her tits, and pinched her nipples hard. She got really loud, saying how much she loved to fuck me and how big my cock was and how she wanted me to squeeze her tits harder. So I did. Pretty soon she reached down and rubbed her clit. She came hard, talking nasty, and pulling my face into her tits."

"Fuck," Diane said as she gripped my cock harder. I responded by rubbing her cunt.

"After a bit, she slid off onto the passenger seat. She looked over at my cock, straight and hard and glistening with her cunt juice. All she said was 'Hurry, I need to fuck some more.'

She put her shirt on and I drove to my place. She tore her clothes off as soon as she got through the door. We fucked on the living room floor."

"Chuck..." Her voice seemed a little desperate. I pushed two fingers into her.

"That's how it all started. From then on, until we broke up, she wanted to fuck every chance we got. We fucked all over my apartment, in her apartment, in the elevator, on the stairs, in the laundry room downstairs, at the front door before I could unlock it, in the grocery store behind the vegetables, at her work in the storage room, in the bathroom at Starbucks, at the museum near the aviary display, before breakfast, after breakfast, during lunch, in the parking lot up against the side of my car, and many times in the park across the street."

"Chuck..." she pleaded again.

"I think we should go now," I said as I slipped my fingers out of her cunt and pulled my hand from between her legs. She let go of my cock and we slid out of the booth and left the club. When we got to my car at the parking lot, I reached into my pocket for my keys.

"No, I can't wait," she demanded. She pulled her skirt up around her waist, reached down, unzipped my pants, and pulled my cock out. She was whimpering as I pushed her up against the side of my car and slid my cock into her cunt. As I fucked her there in the parking lot, she told me how much she loved to fuck me, how big my cock was, and how she wanted me to abuse her tits. It was just like old times.

"Diane," I said. "You should never have left."

"I know," she replied. "Fuck me harder."