 This is a continuation of "The Inspector" Part 1 & 2.

It is a true story of events which occurred during my career as a Police Detective.

I was a 22 year old Detective who had worked with a female Detective Inspector, Pam, who was 10 years my senior. On one occasion, we had worked at an out of town location for several days during which we had commenced a sexual liaison.

    *****

When I reported in for work, Pam was already in her office. We greeted each other as if nothing had ever happened. I worked throughout the day while Pam was away from the office for most of the day.

When it was almost time to go home, Pam called me into the office and asked me if I could stay back so we could go over the investigation we had done while away. 

I grabbed the files and went into her office. We were the only persons on the floor. Everyone else had gone home.

I began to open the files as I stood beside her at her desk.

"Leave them," Pam said. "I want to talk about something else."

"After the fucking you gave me last night, I am still sore. You went to some places where no one has been before or not for a long time. You were bloody awesome," she said.

"You were not too bad yourself," I said.

"When Don came home last night, he got into bed and went straight to sleep. Unfortunately that has been the story of my life although I would never leave him," she said.

I wondered what it had to do with me.

"How would you like to be my fuck buddy, you know, we could meet for mutual fucking. Don goes away about every two to three weeks for a day or two. This would give us an opportunity to get together. You can do anything you like with me except I don't want you to mark me. What do you think?" Pam said.

As she said this, she reached across and grabbed my balls through my trousers. With Pam having me by the balls, she had me in a position of weakness. "I guess something can be arranged," I said.

"Thank you. You won't regret it," she said as she gave my balls an extra squeeze.

I hoped she would be right.

****

"Can I ask a favour of you?" Pam said, while continuing to hold me by the balls.

"Sure," I replied.

"I have always had a particular fantasy".

"What is it?" I replied.

Pam moved her seat back from her desk and said, indicating to under her desk, "Can you fit under there?"

Pam's desk was a reasonable size so there was plenty of room for me as I backed in on all fours. Pam moved her chair forward, towards me as she parted her legs which were covered by her dress.

I don't know if it was because I was as devious as Pam but I immediately caught on to what she had in mind.

I lifted her dress to find that she was wearing white opaque bikini knickers. I reached up and took hold of the knickers on both sides and pulled them down as Pam lifted her hips. I took her dress, gathering it up and putting it behind her so that she was sitting with her bare butt on the chair. If anyone came in they would not be aware that she was bare, almost from the waist, down.

Pam moved her butt forward so that she was sitting on the front edge of the chair. She then parted her legs so that I was looking directly at the protruding lips of her pussy.

I reached forward and ran my tongue lightly along her lips. There was a sharp intake of breath from Pam. I continued to lick, increasing the pressure on my tongue. At times, I stopped and directed my attention to her clit. Pam began to breathe heavy. I received the best reaction from Pam when I enclosed her pussy with my mouth and use by tongue to enter her. In no time, she had an orgasm. I looked up to see that she had her hand in her mouth, possibly to suppress her appreciation.

I continued to lick her legs and behind her knees before moving back to her pussy. I gave it several licks before I commenced to work on her pussy with my fingers. I inserted two of my fingers, reaching for her G-spot and used my tongue to work on her clit.

Pam placed her hand back in her mouth as she began to moan.

She was able to reduce her appreciation to just loud whispers. "Yes, yes, oh yes," she whispered as she thrust her hips forward.

I could see that Pam was about to have an orgasm so I pulled back, continuing with my fingers in her and using the other hand to massage her clit. "I'm going to cum," Pam called out, while attempting to suppress her voice.

Pam let out several light squeals and at the same time, squirted liquid from her pussy. There were three sprays before a small amount ran down from her pussy. I dipped my tongue into the liquid to taste it. It had a very light, almost sweet taste.

Pam leant back in her chair while she recovered.

"That was bloody fabulous," she said. "I've a good mind to have you as a permanent fixture under my desk."

She then noticed the spray of liquid on the front of the chair and on the floor. "Is that from me? You are a bloody master. How do you do that to me?"

She bent down and kissed me, after licking my lips.

She pulled me out and I sat on a chair.

"I have always had that fantasy of having a man under my desk, giving me a workout with his tongue. I thought it would be more daring if other people were in the office but did not know what was going on although I would not risk it," Pam said. "I had almost given up that it would ever happen."

"Thank you for delivering my fantasy to me," she said. "Can you use my knickers to clean up the floor. Do you want to keep them?" 

"I had better not. I would have trouble explaining them to Marianne," I said.

"I would love to give you a blow job but I had better not. We might get caught. I will more than make it up to you," Pam said.

Pam stood up, straightened up her dress, gathered up her personal effects, placed her rolled up knickers in her handbag and left after giving me a kiss. I waited for a while until my hard-on had gone down.

I felt I was in for interesting times