 "Big Tits, Big Dicks and Fantasy Fucking"

(o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o)

Author's Note:

It may be hard to believe but I do research from time to time to try to add some reality to my stories. And one day I was looking for "Unfortunate" names. You know, like Johnny Cash's "A Boy Named Sue". Well, imagine my reaction when I discovered that way back when, Chestina was a real name! Busty Dusty, Chesty Morgan and others took on their stage names. Back in the day, some folks named their little girl Chestina! So I had to write a story about Chestina.

(o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o)

My name is Chestina Smith.

Every one calls me Tina. Tina Smith. And I'm fine with that. The fewer people that know my legal name the better as far as I'm concerned. My parents loved me, I'm sure, but in trying to pay homage to some ancient fore bearer they didn't do ME any favors, I'll tell you. And I think they knew it. They were the ones that started calling me Tina when I was too young to remember. They never called me Chestina that I can remember.

They explained to me that one of Mom's early relatives was one of the first people to homestead out west somewhere. At least I didn't get her full name! That would have been too much to bear!

Anyway, Chestina Lovebody, had been a pioneer and my Mom was very proud of that! But since Mom was born Sally Anne Smith, and she married Stanley Smith, she really didn't have any comparison. And everyone called me Tina, thank God! 

Anyway, to move this story along I'll skip over the awkward childhood, the nerdy high school geek-dom and the buried-in-the-books college years that have led up to when this tale begins.

So, I'm Tina Smith, PhD. Not Doctor Smith. You don't call a PhD, Doctor. That's only for medical doctors. And Tina Smith, PhD has an abiding interest in ancient cultures. 

I was lucky to get a position at The Institute of Technology and Science. Despite the name they are one of the foremost places of learning about ancient cultures, old religions and lost civilizations.

As a member of the faculty I've been active in trying to get the name changed. Or at least modified. How about The Institute of Science and Technology? T.I.S.T,? Any acronym would be better than T.I.T.S. So incredibly sexist! Like it comes from some stupid wank story on the Internet. But apparently the original bequest that set up the school insisted. Probably thought it was funny! Sexist pigs!

Anyway, things have been unusual around here for the past six months or so. Weird stuff. The Library has been having a series of black outs. The lights will flicker from time to time. Maintenance says that there is nothing wrong. Nothing they can find, any way.

Another thing is that the co-eds all seem to have changed? Morphed? They look different. They dress differently. Act different. Talk different. Gone are the usual bib-overalls. The bulky sweaters, the comfortable boots and such. All gone.

Now they wear heels. Stiletto heels. Mini skirts are all the rage. The mini-er the better. And if they wear jeans they are skin tight or short or both! With crop tops. Or sweaters and blouses unbuttoned down to here. Or further. The other day I reprimanded a student in one of my classes because you could see her aureola and her nipples would pop out when she bent over. Which she was doing. A lot! She wasn't wearing a bra either. No one wears bras any more! Seeming to be past the Double D size, her boobs, I mean breasts, were huge. And firm! They jutted straight out from her chest like a pair of nose cones on missiles! It was unsettling. I don't think she took me seriously. Later, after class I saw her pull some random jock into the Maintenance Closet!

When I got there the door was locked. But I could hear what they were doing! And what they were doing was not something that should happen on campus. Not even here at T.I.T.S.!

But it was happening. All of the girls on campus were dressing like bimbos. They were showing off their legs, their toned abdomens. And their breasts! Did I mention that the average breast size seems to have blossomed?

When I first came here there was the usual range of boobs. Now it seems to have skewed toward the larger sizes. In the last several weeks it's become unusual to see a set of breasts smaller than a D-cup!

And I've noticed some odd administrative behavior too. Some unknown got promoted to an endowed chair! From out of nowhere! That never happens! And the staff in that office seems, well, strange, in so many ways.

So, to sum up, I'm a mid-thirties Professor of Ancient Cultures. I poke around in dusty old buildings around the world and publish the interesting discoveries when I make one. And recently the most interesting discoveries are taking place right here on campus!

So today I got to the office and there was a crate waiting for me. The label said it was from The Brubaker Ancient and Comparative Religions Office. That was the newly created endowment. And what did they have to do with me?

Well, the crate held an ancient Artifact which apparently they had been unable to identify or learn anything about. They wanted me to apply my expertise and let them know.

So, okay. I grab a couple of maintenance guys and we dismantle the crate. It contains a really, really old oddity. It was a few inches taller than my 5' 8", it looked like a mirror. But from an age before they had developed glass because it was polished metal. Oval in shape and made of some sort of golden colored metal. The accompanying papers said that the material was a complete mystery. No one had been able to figure out what it was made of. Not gold, not brass. What ever it was, it was very highly reflective and resistant to corrosion. As old as it was the mirror was in pristine condition. Not so for the frame and support. They were in very bad condition. Nothing could be made out of the symbols on the frame that surrounded the mirror. Mostly they were so worn as to be unreadable. Those that could be made out were from some unknown language.

So, another mystery to be examined. 

By the time I had uncrated it and read thru the material that came with it I was at the end of the work day. So I grabbed the cloth that had been draped over the mirror and went to replace it.

I took a moment to look in the mirror before I did so. And I guess I was more tired than I thought because I felt something wash over me. I staggered for a moment and then recovered. I covered the mirror and went home.

After a great night's sleep I was up early. As I did my ablutions I noticed that I really felt great! Even my reflection seemed perky and upbeat. My comb passed thru my hair with out encountering the usual tangles. I was off to the start of a great day!

Back in the office I did my email, answered some phone calls and then got started on my most recently acquired mystery.

Taking off the drape once more I began a close examination of the mirror. I couldn't make out the runes or symbols. They were too corroded and worn. The mirror, as I have mentioned, was pristine. Not a mark on it. No mars, no smears, no scratches. No indication that it had not been made yesterday. Let alone hundreds or thousands of years ago.

I couldn't find a seam in the framework. Looking at the back of the object revealed nothing. The back was the back. Just unpolished. And without ornamentation at all. 

I stepped back to take in the whole of the item.

As I did so I felt that feeling wash over me once more. It only lasted a moment and then I was fine. I didn't give it a thought. At the end of the day I had gotten no further despite my best efforts.

Two nights in a row I had a great sleep. Showering the next morning I found that an incipient pimple had faded over night. In fact I thought my complexion looked pretty good for a change. Since childhood I had been what my Mom referred to as "splotchy". She had always said I would grow out of it. Maybe that was starting to happen in my mid thirties. I could only hope.

The next day I got another, smaller package from The Brubaker Ancient and Comparative Religions Office. It contained some printed material that had been found in the same area as the Object.

After a few hours of work I thought I had found some symbols on the mirror's frame that might match some of the printed materials.

Several times during the course of the day I had stood examining the Object from a distance. Stepping back to look at "the big picture". Each time a swift wave of something had washed over me. But each time it was gone as quick as it came. I made a note to see my Doctor in case I was coming down with some thing. Despite these episodes I felt I was starting to make some progress on the Object. Nothing major, just a feeling of slow, persistent progress.

The next week passed without incident. And while my complexion had cleared up and my energy level was higher than normal I put that down to the fact that I was getting a solid eight hours of sleep ever night. I felt great! And happy. And every once in a while, horny!

And then the next weird thing happened.

I went to my hairdresser for my normal two month appointment. Not weird? Wait.

So I'm sitting in the chair. Waiting to get my roots touched up. Is mid-thirties too early to worry about grey roots? Anyway Midge had just started when she says, "So what's going on here, Tina?"

"Huh?"

"When did you start to dye your roots yourself? And why red?" "Huh? What are you talking about? I haven't been coloring my hair."

"Well your roots are coming in red for some reason. What do you want me to do?" 

"Nothing, I guess. Just give me a trim and we will see what happens, okay?"

And that is what we did. For some reason I didn't freak out. Normally something like this would have caused me to have a conniption. See a doctor, whatever. But this time I just went with the flow. I wasn't in any pain, I was just having the color of my hair changed. And growing. In two weeks my hair grew about six inches!

At the same time that my hair was growing it was becoming curly! That was new. And the new color was really attractive.

I was rapidly becoming a red head! A particularly spectacular color of red head! It took less time than it should have. I had grown out to the point that I had Midge cut my hair drastically and now I was a red head! A horny redhead. I was masterbating every night. I had masterbated in the past, of course but now it was more often. And it felt really, really good! A few minutes diddling myself and I was cumming like a howitzer! BAM!

At the same time that the hair on my head was going from mousey brown to fabulous auburn locks the hair on the rest of my body was vanishing. My legs were free of hair, so were my armpits. From the neck down the only hair on my body was a small vee patch just above my cootchie! 

Some other things were also changing. My weight was dropping. I noticed that my clothes weren't fitting right anymore. My skirts and pants were becoming loose. My sweaters and blouses, tighter.

I had always been pear shaped. Big, fat ass counterbalanced by almost nothing up top. Floppy B-cuppers, 42 inch hips with a fatty 38 inch waist. No one was going to look at me with lust in their eyes, I knew that. Dammit! I was coming to realize that I so wanted men to look at me with lust in their eyes! In fact I sometimes dreamed of having men, luscious, muscular men, wooing me! I hadn't had those kinds of dreams in a long time! But now I was! Almost nightly.

And anyway, my clothes did not fit. So I dragged myself off to Marshall's to get some new clothes. Ones that might fit me a little better. I hadn't done any exercises or anything. But I'd lost inches off my hips and waist. 

By this time I'd sort of put two and two together. Something about the mirror was having an effect on me. I was looking better every week. My complexion was no longer splotchy. It was porcelain clear. No acne, no pimples. I looked like I didn't have pores! And sort of golden. Like I was lightly tanned without my having been in the sun at all. But not brown. Golden!

Loosing weight and going from pear shaped to hourglass shaped. With out doing any workout. Weird, but I'm not complaining. Just going with the flow.

And the flow keeps on coming. My breasts have firmed up. They sit high and proud on my chest. No longer saggy, no longer drooping. My breasts have become real life BOOBS! Not nearly as big as most of the other girls on campus, but they are well shaped and beautiful! And a nice handful I find out as I stand in front of the mirror at Marshall's and cup my hands under my tits. 

Below my perky handful of boobs I have a svelte waist that leads now to a pair of hips that seem to somehow promise wonderful things as I pace around the dressing room. Turning to look at myself, now dressed in lingerie, I can see that I have what I have heard is called a "bubble butt"! I don't know where it has come from but I now possess a killer body! Sexy, slinky and magnificent in all regards! It has to be the Object, the mirror. There is no other explanation. Every time I stood in front of it and felt that feeling wash over me, something was changing. Something was happening to my body.

And I liked it! Looking at myself in the dressing room mirror I loved what I was now seeing.

And I needed clothes to match the new me. Working with one of the salespeople I returned all the stuff I had originally picked out. In it's place I found other options.

When I had tried on some things that I would have worn before I found problems with them. They didn't fit at all well. It was uncomfortable, wearing them. The sweaters and blouses were too loose, too frumpy and not nearly appropriate for the 'new' me. 

I tried on tight and low cut. They felt good! They made me look even better! And I liked the new look!

My old choices for pants and skirts made my legs itch. Only if I wore mini-skirts and short-shorts cut high was I comfortable. Or leggings. Even though they covered my legs completely, they didn't itch at all! My amazing legs wanted to be shown off, I thought to my self. And so did my breasts! That itching sensation was always there if I didn't flash cleavage or highlight their size by wearing tight, SKIN tight, clothes! 

Paradoxically, I found that some loose tops felt good. The ones that gaped open to reveal my breasts when I leaned over. The kind that would allow a peek at my constantly erect nipples! The ones that I could pull the neckline down to display my wonderful cleavage!

So, tight and sexy or loose and sexy were my new options for clothing. 

I went back to the office the next day in my new togs. I drew admiring glances everywhere I went! Girls were jealous. Guys were turned on! And so was I! The more looks I got the hotter I got! It was as if my libido had been turned up to "Over Heat"!

But I wanted to see if the changes were restricted to me. Could this mirror be the source of the strange "sexification" of the co-eds that I had been noticing?

So I called in one of the Graduate Assistants, Marcie. She had not yet been affected as far as I could tell. She was a plain Jane for sure. Just a little overweight, not attractive, drab hair, no makeup and no sexuality that I had ever observed.

"Jane, I want you to stand in front of the mirror, here.' I instructed her.

I let her stand there for a couple of minutes. She started to look at me quizzically, She didn't seem affected at all. I finally just sent her back to her work while I tried to figure out what was going on.

That night I went to one of the local night spots. I had never been there before but it was fun! I got asked to dance several times which was nice. It was a little disconcerting to feel my dance partners rubbing themselves up against me. It was even more strange to feel myself responding! I was rubbing my breasts against them. Letting my groin move against them. feeling excited as I felt their dicks getting hard as I teased him with my body.

I even gave one of my dance partners a secret hand job! Right there on the dance floor! What was I thinking? What if someone had seen me? 

What I was thinking was that it was such a turn on to tease a man so hard that he would cum in his pants as I stroked and fingered his dick!

Such a difference! I had never done anything like this in my entire life. What kind of changes was the Object bringing about with me?

Once I hit the office the next day I removed the drape from the mirror and stood there, admiring my new reflection. Long, curly red hair to just above my waist. Sultry mouth under sparkling green eyes. My eyelashes swooped outward as if they were false lashes. But they were mine! My lips were plush pillows that seemed to always be on the verge of kissing something. I let my tongue peek out and sweep across my lower lip. The sight excited me just watching!

My elegant swan neck led downward to a sinfully opulent body.My breasts, bra-less, were big and perfect! So BIG! Okay, not as big as some of the girls on campus, but really, really big compared to what I had had just recently. Topping those big tits were my nipples! Nipples so hard they could have been seen if I had been wearing a cardboard box! And there was no escaping them under the peasant blouse I had on. A few inches of creamy cleavage could be seen. The tight fitting blouse hinted at the toned abdomen hidden underneath. And the short shorts exposed almost all of my legs. The stiletto heels I had chosen that morning lifted me up onto tip toes, accentuated the muscular lines of my legs and made my booty jut out for one and all to admire!

I had thought that it might be hard to walk in them but it seemed to be second nature to me. Placing one foot directly in front of the other made my hips sway with a sexy movement and contributed to causing my mams to bounce fetchingly. Any one looking at me would find their eyes drawn to my bosom as it flexed and surged while I moved.

I was doing just that, admiring my newly reformed body, when I felt another wave of feelings surge through me! Stronger than any before I felt dizzy and without thought I grabbed the frame of the mirror to steady myself.

Instantly I felt the pulsations increase. My vision dimmed. I thought I could see a distinctly female form standing on the other side of the mirror. 

"Greetings, my child! Your transformation is proceeding well! You have made great strides! I look forward to your further progress!"

With a gasp I pulled away from the mirror. It must have been an hallucination, I told myself. There was nothing in the mirror but my own reflection. I reached out tentatively and grasped the mirror frame again. Nothing happened.

That night I returned to the club from the night before. This time I danced with everyone that asked me. Many of them were attractive but I limited myself to teasing and pleasing only the ones that I deemed to be really good looking. It was still a fairly large number. I coaxed at least five guys into pumping into their pants. And one guy, who managed to maintain a hard on was taken to his car where I gave him what he described as 'the blow job of my life!" And that was the first time I'd given anyone a blow job! It turns out that I'm really good at sucking out all the cum from a man's balls!

And every thing else that has to do with sex! I may be new to it but I think the mirror has given me the knowledge and ability to fuck and suck and tease and please and, well, everything! And I intended to put it all to good use. No more sitting on the side lines for Tina! I'm going to be the focus of the action from now on, believe me!

Every man I danced with sprouted a hard on once we started dancing. From what I could tell their dicks ranged from just under five inches to almost eight inches long. And the thickness varied too! Part of what I enjoyed was finding out how large my partner would become. And how quickly I could reduce them to a shuddering, spasming eruption! I know that people say that size doesn't matter. But I liked having larger dicks in my hands. 
