 The Re-return of Jillian

By DDDDave

"Big Tits, Big Dicks and Fantasy Fucking"

(o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o)

She stood at the doorway to my old carrel. She couldn't stand IN the door way, her boobs were too wide! Obviously fake, they were the size of over-inflated basketballs! I didn't think she could fit into the carrel. And I feared that there would not be room for much else if she did! Gods, these were some of the largest tits I'd ever imagined, let alone seen! The size sported by Mrs. Anderson were larger. But this woman was much more petite and thus the contrast was even more striking to my eyes. Her massive mounds were emphasized rather than hidden by her bandeau top. It was less than a foot wide and didn't fully cover her breasts! There was cleavage shown above and under-boob below! And then there were the denim short-shorts that probably didn't cover her butt cheeks!

"Hello," she cooed. "I've been wanting to revisit you for some time, I hope I didn't come at a bad time."

I was emptying out my carrel, completing my move to my new office. It was just luck that she had caught me here, I thought.

"Um, Jillian?" I wondered out loud. "Is that you?"

"Damn, right it's me," she bragged. While I watched she rose up on her toes and dropped back to her heels. She was wearing stripper heels. Her legs were spectacular! But then all of my attention was taken by the unGodly shaking and bouncing that had overtaken her chest! Massive amounts of breast flesh were surging back and forth, up and down, left and right while I stared, spellbound. That bandeau was really being tested!

Her arms came up on either side in an attempt to control the seismic movements in front of her. Slowly, ever so slowly, her breast flesh became quiet. As I stared she slowly rotated in front of me. Taking her time she allowed me to memorize at her insanely sexy body. Her tits overwhelmed her, of course. But her tight, well muscled abdomen could be glimpsed between and behind those incredibly big bowls! From the side her breasts jutted well out in front of her. Spreading much wider than her shoulders and hips they seemed to almost float in front of her. Her slender hips and legs highlighted her butt which was as tight and bubble-ishish as you could imagine! From behind I could still admire the massive size of her boobs and compare them with her pixie-like butt.

Yup, her cheeks were squeezing out from under her shorts!

Finally facing me with her hands on her hips she smiled at me while I collected myself.

"I finally have gotten to the point where I think I'm in harmony between my appearance and my inner-self. I love how I look! I love how people stare at ME!" she gloated. "Guys want to fuck me at first glance and girls hate me for having so much of what they can only wish to have!"

She was narcissistically running her hands over her breasts and body while she was talking. The pride in her eyes was obvious. Slowly she swiveled from one side to the other, allowing me to admire her amazing body from all angles.

"I've got showgirl legs, a cheerleaders butt and breasts to satisfy any boob hound! And I've got the sexual drive and stamina to match!" she boasted. "And I love it all! No more lonely nights for me. No more lying alone in bed wishing I had a well hung stud to fuck me all night long! I can have that and so much more now! God, I just love it so much."  "And I don't know how but I can't get over the idea that somehow you are the cause of all this." She gestured at her body as she spoke.

"And I can think of one really great way to thank you, at last." She grinned at me as she moved toward me. As I watched she stepped sideways to the door way and pushed one of her breasts into the carrell. Pivoting on her heel she backed her self into my room and hauled her other boob in behind her. She finished turning around to face me again from behind those more than basketball-sized breasts. 

"How fast can you get naked and slip that big, hard dick of yours into my hot little pussy?" she asked as she slid out of her short-shorts. In a flash she had stripped out of her skin tight top. She was wearing no underwear. 

Stepping toward me she pushed me back against the desk with her mammoth mounds. Pushing harder and harder she enclosed me with her breasts. Both hands were stroking my hard on as she pulled herself to me. I collapsed into the chair and she took advantage to sink herself six inches onto my dick.

"Oh, I love that feeling," she exulted. "Feeling a big hard dick jamming it's self into me is so wonderful! I need more!"

Wasting no time she began to rise and fall in front of me. Her immense, ridiculously firm tits slid up and down my torso. Faster and faster she rode me until she came with a screech of ecstasy.

"So DEEP." she gasped. "More and more!" She was going faster and faster. I grabbed onto her tits, squeezing her nipples, and running my hands over the hills of her hooters, I enjoyed the feel of her smooth flesh as it rose and fell in front of me! She was in complete control as she worked her self against me.

With in a few moments she was taking all that I had to offer! Her pussy was amazing, snapping and clutching at me as she rode from the top to the bottom. She was handling my fourteen inch dick easily! No muss, no fuss! Just straight-ahead fucking me like a cowgirl riding her favorite steed.

I ran my hands over her gigantic tits, strumming her nipples to greater and greater stiffness. I finally leaned forward and started sucking on one and then the other nub while Jillian came with a yelp of pleasure!

She jammed herself fully onto my hard-on and ground herself against me. Left, right, up and down her hips shifted and moved. Her clit was being constantly excited by my hard dick as she moved. Again she came like a cannon!

I ran my tongue around her aureola on one and then the other breast. Licking and sucking I played with her enormous tits while she kept up pounding her self on my stiff cock. 

"Oh, GOD so good! SO big, so long! I love your cock, I love it!" she cried as she kept up a rapid pace. "I want you to cum for me! I want you to fuck my enormous boobs and cum all over me! Let me know when you're ready so I can kneel here and feel your dick between my tits!" 

I was having far too much fun to stop now so I just kept playing with her massiveness while letting her run her amazing pussy up and down my dick. In a few minutes she was shaking thru another eruption. There was no way she could stop cumming on my cock! It was too thick and too long for her not to erupt again and again. 

Finally as she started to slow down, having cum more times than I could count she pleaded with me to cum for her. She was completely spent! I took pity on her and switched positions. Putting her on her back I pulled out of her ravaged pussy and dropped my dick into her canyon like cleavage. She used both arms and hands to pile herself around my as I sawed back and forth between her mountainous bosom.

After only a few strokes I exploded between her tits. Cum rocketed out of my dick, splashed against her throat and then rained down on her face and hair. Finally I pulled away and jacked the last of my sperm over her gigantic tits! 

Jillian giggled as she pulled my dripping erection to her mouth and began to clean me off. With-in moments I was hard again. She wasted not time in swallowing me down her throat. She took most of it in the first few attempt and then began to deep throat me time after time. Her lips bounced off my groin and ball sack as she worked! 

It took almost no time for her to have me on the brink of an explosion and she didn't let up. I erupted down her throat with a groan of relief and she swallowed every bit of it!

"God, I love to deep throat big dicks like yours," she exclaimed as she ran her hands up and down my shaft. She collected all the available sperm and licked it off her fingers with relish. "And I love the taste and feel as I swallow it down! So GOOD!" she crowed.

"I'm dancing at "The Rack Room" in town!" she announced proudly. "I'll leave you a pass at the front door if you want to come down and see my act. I'm sure that you will enjoy it! And I give private dances for the customers. They pay $50 each. But I'll do you for free anytime at all!"

"I may take you up on that," I told her.

"Great! I'll see you then," She had redressed while we were talking and I watched as she maneuvered her way out into the hall. With a final wiggle of her fingers she disappeared. 

I dressed slowly, collected the books that we had knocked over during out tryst and started back to the elevator.

As I passed another carrel I heard Jillian's voice.

"Hi guys! Remember me? Remember THESE!"

"Holy FUCK what a pair of TITS!" was the response as I heard furniture getting moved.

"Oh, yes!" she moaned. "I want you all! Suck me! Play with my huge tits! I like that so much. Suck 'em harder!" 

Some things should never change I thought to myself as the elevator door slid shut.