 "Big Tits, Big Dicks and Fantasy Fucking"

(o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o)

After the Brubakers had left The Presence had visited again.

"You did a great job, Sport! Really proved my point! Thanks, but the bad news is you can't keep that oversized sex stick! Besides, no human woman could handle it!" 

But don't worry, I've got a great bonus lined up for you!"

I had argued with It and we finally agreed that I would be able to keep some of the enlargement. 

So I was now hauling a foot long erection in my pants! And thick as my wrist as well! The women went wild for it, as you might imagine. And thanks to the intervention of The Presence, even the women that I had been with earlier seemed to remember this new appendage as being my normal cock.

I was just getting used to having such a massive prick when I wandered in to the office several weeks later.

"I understand that you are interviewing for the new position to be your assistant." Mrs Anderson looked at me over her reading glasses. "I would like a chance to interview. I've been with the Institute for years and I think I deserve the opportunity to at least interview." That last was said half defensively and half pleadingly. I had just been appointed the "Brubaker Professor of Comparative Blahblahblah". Or something like that. 

Mr. Brubaker had been so pleased with the way his trophy wife had become more tractable after the fucking I'd given her that he had decided to endow the chair as long as I was appointed to the position. Which the Dean had been happy to do. Even congratulated me on my "Excellent Interaction with our Alumni!"

The endowment came with funding for an office, staff, expenses and the promise of several supervisory visits each year from Mrs. Brubaker!

And now I was starting the process of interviewing for office staff. I could hire one full time and three part timers/interns. I was really looking forward to the "interview" process. I had a couple of really major attributes I was looking for in all of the positions. Heh heh heh!

Mrs. Anderson had been the Department Secretary as long as I had been here. No one noticed her. No one ever saw her outside of the office. Hell, no one had ever seen her anywhere other than at her desk!

All anyone could say about her was that Mrs. Anderson was a mountain of a woman. She must have weighed in the 250 to 300 range. Probably more. And it was not a somewhat over weight, pudgy range. Mrs Anderson had multiple chins and rolls of fat everywhere that you could see as she sat behind her desk. Her hands were almost swallowed by her wrists. Her upper arms were the size of whole hams and jiggled while she typed. Hell she jiggled when she sat still. And, again, not in a way that was cute or enticing. Frankly, I tried to not look at her too often. It was up setting.

Although, now that she had drawn my attention I noticed that she didn't appear to be quite as obese as usual. Really hard to tell under the tent like muumuu that she was wearing. Nonetheless, I had no interest in talking with her. I was looking forward to "Interviewing" as many buxom, tight, toned, bra-busting college co-eds as I could before hiring an assistant. It was one of the major perks to the new position. I was hoping to do it year after year, too!

But I knew that I had to at least grant Mrs. Anderson an interview or she could cause a stink.

"That's fine, Mrs. Anderson. Would you like to come by this afternoon or would tomorrow suit you better?"

"Tomorrow will be fine, and thank you," she replied.

The next morning there was a knock on the door and Mrs. Anderson entered. But this was not the mountain of a woman that I had expected. It was Mrs. Anderson, but not as I had ever seen her! No pants suit. No muumuu No billowing scarf to obscure her upper body. 

As she approached I looked her over. 

She was wearing sky high heeled boots that laced up to just under her knees. The slit in her skirt reached almost to her hips. As she strode into the office that slit parted to show dark stockings which I could see were attached to garters. She wore a double breasted jacket over a white turtle neck. Her body pushed the jacket far out from her body. The hem of her jacket was over a foot from her body where it hung at her hips. Her boobs had to be huge to make that jacket hang like it did. My interest was piqued! Piqued? HELL, my boob radar was ringing alarm bells!

She endured my examination with equanimity as she settled into her chair. In fact I thought I saw a hint of pride on her face as I tried to reconcile her current appearance with the mountain of a woman that I had ignored for so long. 

"Excuse me for saying this but you seem to have changed quite a bit, Mrs. Anderson." My voice quavered just a bit. She looked totally different!

"Yes, I know. I started doing Pilates." 

"Oh? How long have you been exercising?"

"Almost three weeks," she replied.

"Three weeks?" I was incredulous. Three weeks and she had gone from a mountain of blubber to... well, I wasn't sure what she had become. But she was no longer a mountain of blubber! What ever was going on on campus seemed to affect different people in different ways. But the over all result was gigantic breasts and a certain, um, freedom of attitude.

She continued. "I have not lost much weight but I've been transformed, nonetheless. Physically, mentally and emotionally. I've left my husband. He couldn't cope with how I was changing. I feel like a caterpillar that has metamorphosed into a butterfly!" She threw her long reddish hair back over her shoulder.

"That's an apt analogy," I commented. "You have certainly changed your look."

"It's not just my looks that have changed," she replied. "I find that my entire out look has changed. I enjoy the glances from others. I enjoy watching people that see me and their reactions."

"I've seen the list of the people that you intend to interview." How had she done that? The list was supposed to be confidential and only on my computer. "I know the sort of things that you are looking for in the applicants. I'm so much more qualified than you can imagine!" Her voice was filled with certainty.

"Let me show you what I mean" she was rising from the chair as she spoke.

She dropped the blazer to the floor as she rounded the desk. It seemed that the blazer had been containing her mountainous breasts. I had never seen anything like them!

Her sweater was not low cut, revealing almost nothing. But it bulged alarmingly. The ribbing was stretched to the limits. And the threads of the turtleneck were pulled taut trying to contain her Herculean boobs.Her breasts swung in front of her. They stretched out over two feet from her chest! Maybe more! I hoped to be able to measure them to be sure. I could tell that there was some sort of a bra under that stressed out sweater. But it was clearly inadequate. There were hillocks of flesh evident where she bulged out of the bra above and below. And to each side! Her bra was obviously failing to keep control of her inordinate amplitude. 

Those massive torpedoes were much wider than her rib cage, pointy and super big, I didn't think she could reach her nipples, they stuck so far in front of her.

Her skirt dropped away as she joined me on my side of the desk. Those gargantuan breasts almost reached my face while she was still a step or two away. 

I could peek below her bosom to see her legs in leather boots, stockings and garters. Those garters framed a minuscule black leather thong before disappearing under her bosom. 

Moving languidly, she slid her arms out of the sleeves and, with some effort, pulled it up over the protrusion of her massive bosom and over her head. 

After a slight pause she drew her shoulders back, forcing her tits to rise and project even closer to me. The sweater slid to the floor. Now I could see her undergarments. A black leather-like bustier and matching bra. A bra of immensely titanic proportions. The bustier drew her waist in to a shocking degree.

Her bra, even as large as it seemed, was over whelmed by the size of her massive boobs. Those titanic mounds rose up out of the support of the bra, over flowing to the sides and rising until the upper curves almost reached her shoulders. Extra flesh was trying to escape to the sides and bottoms of her stretched out cups.

This was the body of a top heavy seductress who demanded the most from her mates. And the hair with its reddish highlights and her make up only emphasized this. Smoky eye shadow, brilliant red lip stick, pendant ear rings that sparkled in the light just brushed her shoulders as she prowled toward me. I was spell bound in my chair.

She swiveled my chair so that I was facing away from her. I heard soft slithering sounds of fabric, a few soft grunts and then nothing. I could sense her moving behind me.

As I sat in anticipation I felt a weight descend on my head. She was resting a boob on my head! I was enjoying the feeling when the heavy softness slowly began to slide downward. She was now resting both boobs on top of me. They slowly flowed downward, covering more and more of my cranium. 

As I watched I saw them descending in front of me. They reached ahead of me farther than I could estimate. 

She was allowing her breasts to encase my head. Now over my ears, her breasts continued downward. In seconds they were resting on my shoulders! At the same time I felt her push inward with both hands and forearms on each side. The opening between her breasts in front of me closed, blocking out all light and most of the air. I could still feel her breasts on top of my head and resting on my shoulders as she began to rhythmically flex and manipulate these totally gigantic titties. I wondered if my head was even visible? Again and again she squeezed, released, pushed and pulled. She would lift those gigantic gourds and allow them to once again fall onto my shoulders while twisting and moving behind me. The pressure changed as she worked. It was one of the most erotic feelings I had ever experienced.

I had had tittie fucks in the weeks and months since I had encountered The Presence. But this was the first time my head had been tittie fucked! Mrs. Anderson was tittie fucking my ENTIRE HEAD!

She slowly removed her incredible immensities and started to slide around in front of me, dragging those oversized ovoids against me as she went.

"My ex-husband used to enjoy that, until he couldn't keep up with me and left. I love doing it. I love feeling someone between my titties. I love knowing that they have never had a similar experience. There aren't many women as well equipped as I am now. I had to make this bra myself, you know. No one carries anything near my size and it costs hundreds of dollars to have one custom made for me." I couldn't tell if she was complaining or bragging.

She leaned toward me. Her breasts, still resting on my shoulders almost blocked her but she managed to force her self deep between them so that she could run her tongue up the side of my face before she began to kiss me. Her lips were plush, warm and soft. That sexy tongue demanded entrance to my mouth and then she gave me the hottest, scorching kiss I had ever had. She was licking, moaning, panting and mewling with pleasure as she continued to press her lips to mine. 

She was pulling herself to me, her body pressing against me while we kissed passionately. 

"To think I used to sit at my desk and feel sorry for myself. Always being jealous of those skinny skanks with those puny DD cups! Hah! But now look at me!" Her voice was demanding as she pulled her self away from me so that I could take in the amazing vista that was the new Mrs. Anderson. 

"Pilates has been amazing! Look how big my tits are now! If I had known I would have started a long time ago." Some how, I thought that there was more to it than just Pilates. I suspected The Presence had some thing to do with it. She had changed from a grotesque mountain of a woman into, into, well, into what I was gazing at in front of me.

It was a staggering sight and I realized that at some point I had reached full erection. It was uncomfortable! As I reached to adjust myself Mrs. Anderson smirked as she recognized my situation.

"Oh, you like what you see? Don't you? You like what my amazing body has become, don't you?" She knew that was the truth. "I'm still getting used to it. But I love it. I love how men stare in disbelief at how busty I have become. I love how they stare. Even if I don't try to show off, they still stare. 

"And they get boners. Just like you have now. Come on, show me. Show me how you got horny feeling my boobs around you. How you got a big old stiffie from looking at me. Come on," she urged, "show me!"

So I unzipped and reached in. Pulling out my cock, I showed her how her amazing body had affected me. 

"Oh, it's so pretty!" she gushed. "And so big! I had no idea you would have such a large cock! It's gorgeous!" She took to her knees next to me and started stroking my dick with her left hand. "So, soooo hard. So smooth, soooo pretty,' she cooed again.

She leaned over and ran her lips up and down the shaft, mewling in pleasure as she worked.

"If I had more time I'd show you how well I can suck a cock, but I don't want to wait. I want to feel this pretty, pretty cock in my poor, neglected pussy."

With some difficulty she stood up and turned toward the office desk.

"Sometimes I have trouble with these gigantically massive, oversized melons," she half apologized and half bragged. "I have no idea how much they weigh but I still weigh over 240 pounds as I've changed so they must weight a LOT!"

With a grunt of effort she hoisted both gigantic tits onto the desk and leaned over to present me with her surprisingly svelte butt.

I didn't need anymore encouragement. I dropped my pants to my ankles and moved behind her. I knew that she didn't need any preparation but I took a moment to slide my fingers up and down her dripping wet cunt lips. I smoothed that fluid onto my dick head and eased myself into her.

"OOOOHHHHH, yes, yes YESSSSS!" she howled as her cunt was pushed out of shape! "I love it! It's even better than I hoped! IT FEELS SO FUCKING GOOD!!" She started pushing back against me. With in a few moments my pelvis was pounding against her ass cheeks. Faster and faster we went. Harder and harder we pushed against each other. She was taking every bit of my hefty, foot long cock with each stroke and loving it!

"More, more," she moaned as she leaned forward as far as her tits would allow her. She smiled back at me over her shoulder. "Give me all of it! I need it all, I have to have it. You're a great fuck, and I want you to do me as long and as hard as you can!" She turned back to face forward but her hands reached back to try to pull me to her even harder. 

Acting in the spirit of the moment I leaned over her back and reached out to hold onto her boobs. It was impossible! I couldn't reach her nipples, they were too far away. I couldn't get a grip on her tits, they were too big, to solid for me to get any purchase. I had to settle for running my hands over the acres of tit flesh that was in reach. As I pounded her I felt her cunt start to clasp and spasm. 

Mrs. Anderson wailed in ecstasy. "I'm cumming, cumming cumming on your beautiful giant cock. I'm cumming, I love it. I fucking LOVE IT!"

I grabbed her shoulders to hold on and fed her long slow strokes until she got her breath back. Then I picked up the pace again.

Within a few minutes she was going thru another cunt rattling orgasm. Crying out in pleasure she made sure that I knew how much she was enjoying what we were doing.

I slowed down again to let her catch her breath. She looked over her shoulder.

"Don't stop, don't stop! Make me cum again. Pound my cunt until you cum. I want to feel you spurt up my cunt, I want to feel you cum in me!"

I was looking at her, watching the light in her eyes as she looked back at me. Past her head and shoulders I could see her massive beyond belief tits as they covered almost the whole of the desk top. They rose in the air in front of her, jiggling and bouncing from the force of our fucking. Ripples appeared and spread over the whole surface of her tits as Mrs. Anderson writhed and twisted in pleasure. It was mesmerizing to watch. For a time it kept my mind off of what I was feeling as we continued to fuck each other. 

But at last the wonderful feeling of her tight, clasping cunt overwhelmed every thing else. I was on the edge of cumming!

"Mrs. Anderson, I'm going to cum!" I announced. It struck me that I was having an AMAZING fuck with a woman whose first name I could not recall! It was almost enough to make me break out in giggles.

Instead I pumped my cum deep into her cunt while she had one last orgasm! 

As we rested, my body spread over her back and my dick slowly slithered out of her amazing pussy. She turned her head for another tongue duel. She pulled away finally.

"I hate to be crass," she told me. "But do I have the job? Am I hired?"

"You are SO hired!" I told her as I helped her to her feet. I couldn't resist coping a feel of the biggest juggs I'd ever encountered. "SO hired!"

"So, what's the pay?"

"You start as a Level Three Assistant" I told her.

"Super, that's a step up!"

"And there is an expense account too. Buy yourself some nice clothes. Some hot, sexy, revealing clothes to show off for me and all the other staff and visitors!"

"Glad to! I find I like to show off almost as much as you like to look! This is going to be great!" Her smile was salacious as she pulled me to her for another kiss. Those tits made it tough to reach!

Mrs. Anderson turned out to be an excellent choice. Not only was she dedicated and organized, she had a libido that seemed to always be turned to high. The outfits she wore made no attempt to disguise her hugely oversized juggs. And she took great pleasure in teasing everyone who came into the office with her figure!

Using the expense account she bought herself office clothes that would not have been appropriate in most offices. Short, tight skirts. Skin tight blouses that she couldn't button all the way up. Sweaters, particularly sleeveless ones, that struggled to cling to her massive torpedoes. She told me that she couldn't wear them more than a few time because they got stretched out of shape!

True, she had some trouble with some normal activities. As often as not, when she bent over to file things in the lower drawers her breasts would fight themselves free of the sweater she wore and fall out the bottom. This always resulted in her having to get help from me or another worker to push her gigantic tits back underneath. And that would usually result in sex. 

Mrs. Anderson, Adelaide, had a very strong oral fixation. She loved to suck cock. And when the mood hit her she would approach her victim and using what ever she had to would coax them to erection and then proceed to give a sloppy, wet, slurrpy blow job that would have them spurting in record time!

And Adelaide was inventive. Possibly because of her wealth of abundance she often came up with new, exciting things to share.

For instance one day I returned from lunch to find her chatting with two young ladies. I gathered from the stripper heels and startling large breasts pointing thru their skin tight tops that they were student at The Institute of Technology and Science. 

"Oh, I'm so glad you're back from lunch. Are you feeling better?" she asked with some concern. She had drained my balls three time between 8:30 and noon. A two hour lunch/nap had me feeling almost normal.

"I'm fine," I replied. The young lady on the left moaned and I finally noticed that Mrs. Anderson had a hand under each skirt and her arms were rising and falling like pistons. 
