 Well, that was slightly distasteful, but it's a task I get called on to perform from time to time. And if it helps the older ladies without any added embarrassment, I'll do my part. So now, all I need to do is get seventy-five year old Mrs. Brody covered-up and lift her back on to the sofa because she is still too dizzy to walk unassisted. 

So, I button the sweater across her wrinkled, sagging breasts and tug her slightly-damp undies down and off her spindly legs. Then I cover her with a hand-sewn quilt and make her comfortable on the couch. She is still disoriented but mumbles some "thank-yous." Tomorrow, we will both remember what happened but never need to mention it.

That's my outlook for summer.

I'm a fix-it guy in a condominium building that caters predominantly to seniors. I do odd jobs for a lot of older, helpless folks. And because I've worked here awhile, they sometimes ask me to help in ways that the yellow pages doesn't have a listing for. Like this one. Mrs. Brody, a retired librarian with two grown sons, whose main interest in her, is her paid-off condo and her classic Jaguar. She rarely ventures outside any more, due to painful arthritis and advancing dementia. She is too private an individual to call on neighbors and feels too independent to rely on caretakers. So when she confuses her medications and falls half-naked and dazed, to the floor, she pulls an emergency rescue cord and is assured that I'll come running.

The job is mostly changing light bulbs and installing storm windows. With the occasional helping hand to someone who slipped in the bath or shower. The building is home to mostly women, retired and/or widowed. There are some "golden years" couples and also a smattering of Yuppies. And a few of the ladies are real characters. It took awhile for me to get used to senior citizens making lewd remarks and comparing their sex-lives, or lack of it, to each other. They joke and gab infront of me like I am one of them. I appreciate the easy acceptance and laugh to myself or smile at them. 

I'm twenty-six. Laid-off from a construction job and hoping this pittance will stretch my unemployment checks to cover all my bills. My name is Jon. I'm six-foot three and 220 lbs. Brown hair, brown eyes and what's left of a high-school athletes build. I don't mind the job and was raised to help and appreciate older people. I work the evening shift. Consequently, most of these retirees are in bed by nine and I still have five hours to read and drown in caffeine. I had never had a "Dear Penthouse" moment until Sue moved in.

I got to know her during her move-in week. Showing her the facilities and hooking up her electronics. She was in her early fifties and had a full mane of glossy, black hair. She said she would wear it "full, dark and long," until she "had to cut it off or dye it blue." Her face was full and round with a smile and a laugh that set her dimples shaking. She had warm, liquidy blue eyes and a fleshy pug nose. She insisted I call her Sue. "No ma'ams or Ms." Sue had gone through a bitter divorce and moved two-thousand miles away so she could "run through one-half of the bastards money!" 

I liked her immediately and she soon called on me for every little thing. When the office phone rang after ten o'clock it was either an ambulance service coming in, or Sue calling to chat. She said that in this building, she felt like she was at an awkward middle-age. "Too old for the marijuana crowd and not ready for tea and Geritol." 

In a few quick weeks our late night phone calls took on a mixed tone of depression/comedy and phone-sex. She would ask if I remembered "which box her dildoes were in," and I would answer that, "if my enormous cock wasn't strapped down to my leg, I would run upstairs to help you look." 

I was working in the hallway of her penthouse floor one evening when I heard her voice from the unlit entryway. "If you were a true handy-man, you'd come inside and help a troubled lady." I peeked around the corner and saw her silhouette back-lit from the floor to ceiling windows. The red glow of a cigarette was reflected in the jewels at her wrist and throat. When she stood up I could see the shapely out line of her torso through a gossamer dressing gown. And I heard the tinkle of ice cubes in her crystal cocktail glass. 

I was familiar with the layout of the suite, but still it took a moment for my eyes to adjust to the darkened room. Only the pale sliver of moon cast any light on the scene. "The problem," she said, "is in here." She proceeded to lead the way towards her master bedroom. That gave me a quick view of her voluptuous body as she glided barefoot, to the door. A vision I will carry forever.

As I entered the room I was instantly disoriented. The windows were hung with heavy drapes and the entire room was black as tar. I banged into something and kicked something else before I halted in place. After a few choice swear words, I muttered, "Why don't we try some lights?" 

Sue laughed from somewhere to my left, and I heard the bedsprings coil, then she answered, "if there was any electricity I would put on a lamp, dah." I laughed with her and quickly managed to solve the power outage problem. When I returned to the bed chamber, she was reclined on the king-size mattress, it's pedestal two-feet above the floor. Sue was propped on large, fluffy feather pillows, her slinky gown straining to conceal her lovely curves. Everything a cool pink. 

While I had been problem-solving, she had lit some thick, round, scented candles. She asked me to now douse all the lights and join her so we could talk. I had a thousand images rush through my mind; most involved me getting sued, fired, arrested or shot. But one particular vision screamed out to me and could not be denied. 

Even as she motioned for me to sit beside her, I knew better than to touch the bed. I stood along side her and Sue began a condensed, direct, round-up of her adult life. I don't know if it was alcohol or loneliness talking, but she spoke frankly about years of sexual degradation and isolation. Her marriage was fifteen years of chains. Mostly psychological but also some BDSM and experiments with exhibitionism and bi-sexuality. I was entranced and a little uneasy but tried to appear reassuring. It started, she said, as a way to please her husband and expand their sex lives, but slowly drifted into torture without any sexual release. My brow furrowed and my brain ached to offer her some solace and support. And yet with each graphic description and the dreamlike expression on her face, my cock strained to be released from it's denim cage. 

Her husky voice and vivid detail was driving me to distraction and much as I wanted to ease her obvious emotional turmoil, I was staring at her nearly nude body and picturing myself on top of her. I was suddenly shocked back to my senses as her pink-painted nails scraped against the bulge in my jeans. Her story must have ended while I was still in my imagination. I'm certain I had a mischievous, inappropriate smile on my face. She slid over to the edge of the bed, allowing her sheer negligee to ride up on her exposed thighs with only her pubic triangle in shadow. The deep V-neck was pulled dangerously low and tight across her chest; highlighting her abundant bosom, the dark nipples protruding through the flimsy, silky material. 

"I need to explain something to you," she began in a halting, throaty voice. "I hope I don't offend you but I want you to understand who I am. Let me cut to the chase." 

I took a deep breath and tried to control the hammering of my pulse. I feared she was contemplating suicide or trying to enlist me in a plot to further fleece her ex. Instead, she fingered the button and zipper of my pants and raised those sparkling blue eyes to meet mine. "It must be fairly obvious that I find you attractive and I hope, maybe we could have some fun." Sue laid it out straight and made me a most exciting proposition. "I'm twice your age and certainly no match for the twentyish cuties you must run with. And I realize our positions here. Someday soon, you'll be looking for a wife and I know we can't be seen together, but for now, maybe we have something to offer each other." 

Then came the clincher. "I'm very submissive in the sheets and I can only reach orgasm when a strong man controls my urges. If you can handle me, I'll be your very obedient slave."

With that, my zipper was released and she deftly extracted my swollen member from it's confines. Her warm, soft tongue traced a wet path from my curly hairs to the helmeted head of my engorged cock. She paused a moment to swirl her snaky tongue along the ridged edge of my pole and then let it glide between those glistening pink lips. At each withdrawal, the head shined and a coating of saliva oozed down it's length. She used this lubrication to stroke it faster, her grip tightening around my tool and her cheeks expanding with every thrust. 

She continued to rub my cock and she licked some pre-cum from her chin. "Tell me what you want, master. I want only to pleasure you." With a subtle shift of her shoulders the gown slid down her chest revealing a set of full, heaving tits. Sue was about 140 lbs. solidly built with heavy thighs and thick calves. I'm sure those legs looked great in skirts and heels. She had a rounded belly and a swimmers shoulders that bracketed her 34C boobs. She wriggled out of her nighty and climbed off the bed to present herself, totally naked, for my inspection and approval. 

I was dumbfounded. So stunned that I could hardly breathe and barely think. My eyes devoured this beautiful woman standing naked before me, pleading with me to comfort her, and challenging me to control her. She slipped my uniform jersey from my arms and kissed then licked my nipples, then chewed on my hairy chest. I stepped unsteadily out of my trousers and work boots, and stood quite as naked as she was. 

Sue appraised my body with equal admiration. "It's been so long since I've been with a young, firm stud." The corners of her mouth lifted and her warm, soft hands continued to navigate the contours of my torso like a blind woman reading Braille. "I want you and I need you. Please take me and make me cum." She whispered deviant desires that she longed to explore. She kept a steady stroke, long and sure, on my cock. Then she wrapped her lovely arms around my waist, her hands grabbing and kneading the flesh of my ass. Her knees eased to the floor, her hands gently rubbing along my thighs while her body, lit only by flickering candlelight, settled onto the thick carpet. 

She craned her neck upwards and opened her mouth to allow my balls to alight softly inside of her. She bathed me with her tongue and slurped lewdly as she worked my sac with her snaky tongue. She then licked the underside of my shaft and ran the distance of it, stopping only to envelop the purplish head into her mouth with great suction. Her technique was tremendous and the erotic movements and low moanings were bringing me to a boiling point. I watched mesmerized as her left hand played in the dark, wiry curls of her vagina. Two fingers shiny with her juices alternately plunged into her pink folds while she palmed and tugged at her lascivious clit. The fleshy nub swelling and turning a bright red. 

The drool was running from her chin, dripping down her neck and flowing languidly between her generous breasts, to merge with the puddle already formed in her lap. Her tits bounced and her hand was a blur pumping my cock. I believe Sue wanted me to cum as much as I did. Her cheeks worked like a bellows, sucking in hard and only releasing my cock long enough to take a breath. 

I grabbed two hands full of her sleek, shiny hair and drove my cock deep into her throat as I felt my seed burst forth. She gagged alittle and tried to push me away but I held on tight and continued to drive into her. She relaxed abit and adjusted her position. "Take it, you whorey little slut! I'm gonna fuck your skanky mouth 'til I am totally empty." Sue's eyes grew wide and wild, and her sucking took on a new urgency. She paused briefly to express her desires. "Please give it to me , master. Your whore is begging you. I want your cum in all my holes. I'll swallow every drop and lick you clean." 

From my stiff, fiery cock into her warm, welcoming mouth; I unloaded buckets of creamy, white liquid. Sue swallowed greedily, milking my tool. Sweat and saliva painted her sexy features and I watched as her face suddenly twisted with erotic contortions. She fell back on the carpet, her eyes clamping shut. Her mouth gasped open and a low, grunting moan escaped from deep inside her. Her fingers were plowing rapidly in and out of her sodden snatch. I could see her abdominals tighten and her thighs grew taut. Her big tits heaved, the pink nipples firm and pointed. And her dainty toes curled-up, hoping to secure her in place. 

With one hand she spread the lips of her reddening, swollen pussy. Her dark hairs wet and her creamy juices splashing and dripping down her thighs. Her other hand was a piston. Reaching deep, with extended fingers up to her knuckles, she drove furiously at warp speed to bring her thrill to climax. It took only another moment for the roar to escape her throat and the wrenching motion of the hand in her gash to shake her body as if electrocuted. Her body convulsed on the floor, her beautiful raven locks clung damply to her face and neck. In the soft glow of the candles, her body shimmered with beads of sweat as the after shocks of her system began to ebb. 

She settled back to the carpet; softly, slowly strumming her distended mons and trying to recover her shallow breathing and rapid heartbeat. As Sue's eyes regained focus and her hot, sticky body cooled down, she was drawn back to her current surroundings. I hovered over her, my cock standing long and firm above her supine form. My eyes were wide open and must have appeared maddened and amazed. Her piercing blues were dilated and flashing with excitement. "Did I please you, master? Did your little slut perform well for you?" She gave me a look somewhere between a child begging for a reward and a whore stealing money from the dresser. 

My mind was a torrent of strange new thoughts and emotions. I was past the petrifying fear of being fired or hacked to death. This scene alone would have made my life worthwhile. Now, I had to deal with the idea of being a "master" to a gorgeous, sexy, older woman. I have never been master to anyone or anything. But it was apparent I had better step up to the plate or slink-on back to the basement where I'd belong. 

This beautiful, dynamic, vixen was pleading with me to release her sexual passions and frustrations, simply by commanding her to abase herself in any way I could imagine. I may be stupid, but LET THE GAMES BEGIN! 

In the nano-second it took to form my answer; I regarded this horny, repressed, submissive creature at my feet, naked and trembling. "Get up slut! That was only the beginning. Lean over the bed, spread those dirty pussy lips and beg me to fuck that filthy cunt." I gave her a good, solid crack across her ass-cheeks as she scampered into position and watched as the red hand-print formed on her comely derrier. 

Sue uttered a small whimper and reached one hand between her legs to open her slippery, pink folds. With the other hand she took a firm grasp of her breast, rolling the nipple in her fingers. She watched over her shoulder as my granite-hard rod approached her wanton cunt. She sucked in her breath and then gasped, "take my pussy, master. Please. Fuck me hard. I've been a very bad girl and I need you to discipline me. I belong to you, now. My pussy belongs to you. My big tits belong to you. And my mouth as you command. And my ass if you want me. Use me, fuck me, own me! I want only to be your slave." 

I plunged into her steaming pussy up to the hilt, pumping madly and smacking her shapely ass. The jiggle was perfect. I yanked her shiny black hair with one hand, arching her back; and with the other I squeezed her boobs like water balloons. My furious pounding drove her face into the mattress and my erection was like a stick of dynamite with the fuse burning down. I exploded into her. Shooting a tidal wave of sperm against her vaginal walls and pushing so hard, my balls slapped a beat on her cunt. With one great shudder, Sue's entire body quaked. She screamed out a torrent of raunchy obscenities. Inviting me to rape and humiliate her in any fashion I choose. And declaring her lasting obedience to my every deviant desire. 

I pulled my thick, slimy cock from her gaping hole with a loud plop, and twisted her dark mane to position her sexy face at cock-level. "This is what your Master wants. Close your eyes, open your mouth and smash those big tits together." I couldn't last another second. Again my enflamed cock was ready to fire. Seeing her on her knees, her lips silently begging for us both to cum, and those giant tits an inviting target, I let go again. Shooting streams of milky goo at her mouth and tits, I milked my cock with gusto. Pumping it's whole shaft like a shotgun , pints of my sticky seed rained down on her helpless body. It splashed in her face, poured down on her head and blasted all over her bouncy jugs. Long strands hung from her chin, twining down to her belly. It ran like a waterfall from her neck to her waist , thick gooey drops oozed from her pointy nipples. Her hand was again in a frenzy, driving into her sopping gash. And her climactic squeals were music to both of us. 

I instructed her to scoop some of the spreading cum into her palm and use it to lube my rod, keeping it firm and erect. "And now, down on all-fours, bitch! That sweet little ass belongs to me." Sue was abit apprehensive and very tight. She claimed it had been awhile since her husband had violated her in that way. But the lube served it's purpose and her imagination and my intensity did the rest. A new pleasure unfolded for us both. After a good, solid pummeling of her forbidden orifice I was able to force one more orgasm, but my loins were growing sore. I filled her hole and when my cock deflated and fell out, the cum ran freely out of her snatch and down her legs. Her bottom; pussy and ass were gaping and rubbed raw. It was time to quit. 

I sat back to catch my breath and wipe the sweat from my steaming body. Sue tumbled forward, curling into the fetal position and dozing off to sleep. I checked my watch. Twenty minutes to wash my face and cock, get dressed, then fly downstairs to appear bored and lonely when the morning-guy checks-in. 

After I dressed; I kissed her cheek for the first time and gently patted her red ass, (also for the first time.) Then I blew out the candles and locked the door behind me. This may turn out to be an okay summer after all. 

Until the inspiration hits again, the end.