 It was a rough night for Robert. It was his first time performing with his band, G-Force in the State of Ohio as it was part of the Great Lakes Tour. The manager had booked the band in a dive of a bar, but nonetheless, a packed house. Singing his heart out, the first 15 minutes were ruff as those in attendance showed no sign of enjoyment, until the first song was sung from their new album, Dirty Love. From then on, the band had support. At the end of the performance, he remained in the backroom, wiping the sweat from his brow and dunking his head in a sink full of water. As he was calming down from the rush on the stage, a knock at the door was heard. The bouncer opened it and asked if Rob was expecting company. Puzzled he asked why and the response to that was a person in the audience had mentioned Rob's name, which is not known to fans.

Confused, he agreed and was surprised to recognize the person. In stepped a lady he had thought he would not see anytime soon, Becky. A couple of years older than his oldest sister, Rob and her had formed a strong bond over the Internet and was overwhelmed by the moment and embraced her. They began to talk of times they had shared over the computer and updated on current events. When the owner arrived to announce closing time, Rob invited Becky back to the hotel for some more talk and to see if they really were like they had thought of one another on the chat line.

Back at the Days Inn, the couple walked in, arm in arm and went straight to Rob's room. Amazingly, none of the other band members had seen them. Becky and Rob had snacks and drinks and had laughed and talked for nearly 3 hours, now being 2 am. As Rob escorted Becky to the door, she picked up her purse and jacket and walk towards him. It was that moment that ended all their restraints. He saw her panty hosed legs, with high heels; her black skirt; red blouse, which made her breasts very pronounced and then her face, with the look of emotional tension. She felt the same thing he did. His tight jeans, producing a well seen bulge all night and his chest baring from his silk shirt; his hair, slicked back by the water and just his face alone was enough. He had the door nearly open as he held her hand to say goodnight, but once their eyes locked, all previous thoughts were dashed.

Immediately, in unison, they drew close and passionately kissed. Arms wrapped around one another as their passion heated up. Opening their mouths, their tongues played tag and probed one another. Becky took the door and slammed it shout, pushing Rob up against it and locked it. Still in a passionate lip lock, they began to undress each other. Rob's shirt was easily removed and Becky's skirt fell to the floor once he had unzipped it. Finally breaking the kiss, Becky fumbled with Rob's belt, while he unbuttoned her blouse. As she knelt before him, he managed to slide the top off and had a great view of her bra covered breasts. Once she had his pants undone, she immediately pulled his cock out, which was already standing at attention for her. She stroked it sensually and kissed the head at the slit. Rob sat down in a chair close to them and kicked off his pants and underwear. She licked up and down his hard shaft, realizing it was bigger than she had first thought. Her tongue trailed all over his shaft until she finally slipped it into her waiting mouth. Her head bobbed up and down over it, her tongue teased the head while it was inside. She used her teeth to graze against it. She wanted him all this time, hoping that they could hold back, but it was inevitable...they were going to make love tonight.

Rob had slid his hands down her back and over her shoulders repeatedly, messaging her as she paid attention to his 7 ½ incher. Once in the middle of her back, he unclasped her white, lacy bra and released her cream coloured breasts. It was his first time seeing them like this and he couldn't hold back anymore. The moment he touched her tits, his cock exploded in Becky's mouth. At first, she was able to swallow the first jet, but when more began to come, she pulled off, allowing the rest to spray her lips and cheeks. Watching this only made Rob more sexually motivated to have her. Hardly getting soft, he held her hands and helped her up. Now standing, he wiped the jism off her and picked her up in his arms.

She wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him deeply as they made their way to the bed at the other end of the room. Setting her down on the edge of the bed, Rob kisses and licks his way from her face, across her neck and breasts, briefly stopping at each nipple to suck and get them erect, and moved down her stomach. Tonguing her belly button, then down to her neatly trimmed mound. He pulled her white lacy hi cut panties off and started to run his nose through her light haired mat, then continued down along the left side of her pussy, just barely touching her skin. Becky lays back and runs her fingers through Rob's short reddish blonde hair, enjoying the sensation she was feeling. He rubbed the inside of her left thigh and then moved back up and lightly crossed over her wet pussy lips to repeat the same thing to her right thigh.

Finally, he moved back to her love axis and kissed her lips, pushing his tongue through them to taste her juices. He then used his fingers to peel them open and had a clear view of he sweet hole and clit. He heard her breathe in gasps and knew what to do...he flicked his tongue over her clitoris and made it appear from its hood. He devoured her in every place, taking his tongue from her clit, along her slit and into her love canal, then back up. He pushed a finger inside her and she moved her hips up to him, begging for more. A second finger went in, then he surprised her by putting a third. Pushing them in and out, he began to suck on her clit like she had to his cock. Her eyes began to roll in the back of her head and suddenly, he hit her g-spot, tickling it with his fingertips. That was all it took as she screamed and moaned her climax. Her pussy began to spit out her cum and he pulled his fingers out and replaced it with his open mouth, drawing all her juice into it and sucked.

Once Becky stopped convulsing, she pulled herself up to the head of the bed and opened her legs wide. Rob stood and crawled up on the bed. No words were needed as they knew what each other wanted, like they had rehearsed this scenario many times. No need of guidance was needed as Becky was well lubricated and Rob was once again hard...but would she be able to handle his thickness, 3 ½ inches around. Arms around one another, they kissed in passion as his cock head penetrated her depths. She pushed up and nearly had the whole thing inside, making her shout out a cry of desire. Rob took that as a hint and shoved his manhood deep inside.

Instantly, they began to move as one, banging their crotches into each other, grinding and fucking. Rob moved away from Becky's mouth and feasted on her aching tits. Taking one in his mouth, sucking hard and causing her to scream in lust. He moved over to the other breast after a time and once again sucked the nipple, like he was trying to receive something from it. Rising up, he gave her a hickey on the top of her right breast, marking her as his. Becky wrapped her legs around his hips and held tightly to his ass as her passion was growing too great to hold back any longer. Sensing this, Rob fucked her harder and faster and managed to rub her engorged clit for extra stimulation. In animal lust, they both came together. As he pumped his hot load into her womb, she shook with such force that her orgasm arrived fiercely.

It took a few minutes for them to calm down and they stayed in each other's embrace. They rolled over to their sides, then she turned her back to him, letting his cock lay between the cheeks of her ass and his hand cupped her breast, supporting it. Once their breath returned, Becky noticed that his cock was not fully hard, but definitely far from soft. She began to use her butt to stroke it back into hardness and reveled in the felling of him crease fucking her. Lifting her leg high, she grabs his cock and slid it back into her drenched cunt, which dripped of their combined cream. Both surprised by their arousal, once again they began to fuck. In and out, sliding along her thighs and pussy lips. She began to rub her own clit as he held her tit and raised leg. She gripped the bed sheets hard as he fucked her more roughly...ramming his now engorged cock into her...slamming...faster...harder...making her beg and scream.

The words were the first spoken since she tried to leave and neither had really noticed. "Fuck me, Rob! Oh god, fuck me hard! Uh Jesus!!!! More!!!!!" His hips moved in a blur and the bed rocked and creaked with their love making. She came quickly, as most of his strokes were barely touching the centre of her passion. Staying with her, Rob continued to move in and out of Becky's sweet pussy. He felt he could last long, but she wanted his cream. She began to play with his balls, rubbing and stroking them, talking dirty in his ear. "Fuck me, Rob...fuck that pussy...want your cum all over me...make me yours...take me, honey...cum on me!!!! Fuck ME!!!"

The words and touch were too much for him as he pulled out and pointed his cock right at her pussy for his third cum of the night. He covered her lips and hair, some even landed on her belly. Rob was able to get enough strength to grab the sheets and cover themselves. They stayed in the spoons position, entwined in each other's limbs. All thoughts off regrets were not present, only those of satisfaction and love remained. Becky reached for the light and turned it off. Now, they could sleep. Rob's best performance was not on stage, but with Becky. : )

PART 1 OF 2 (wait for the morning after!)