 Looking back, Ryan realized he should have seen it coming. He should have seen the signs. He wasn't sure if it was simple mindedness or naivety that kept him from seeing it. Regardless, he had been warned and Pandora's Box was now open.

It was a pay Friday like any other. The office was quiet as most of the managers and supervisors took advantage of an alternate work schedule and were off on pay Fridays. Only the grunts were expected to be there five days a week. It was about 2 p.m. when he got an email message from Cat, one of the summer interns.

"You in?" she asked.

"Yep, what's up?"

"Could you help me in the storage room? I need to put some boxes on the top shelf and they're heavy. I'd appreciate it."

"Sure thing, be right there!" Ryan eagerly replied, always more than willing to lend a hand.

That should have been another red flag. But hey, who would have thought the 24-year old intern would be in to the 38-year old "old guy" in the office. He'd been warned by others in the office that she'd been talking about him, but he just blew it off as people wanting to gossip and start rumors.

Ryan made his way to the storage room on the first floor. The door was slightly ajar.

"Cat?" he called out.

"In here, Ryan" she yelled back.

Ryan entered the storage room to find Cat struggling to get a heavy file box on the top shelf. Her short dress was hiked up slightly as she stood on her tip toes trying to get an extra bit of reach. Ryan blushed a little seeing more of Cat than he should have.

"Here, let me get that," he said as he moved in behind her taking a hold of the box. She giggled nervously as she ducked under his extended arms to get out of the way. The smell of her perfume lingered in his nostrils. Ryan felt a wave of heat go through him. Then he heard it. The distinctive click of the door closing and being locked. 

"What are..." Ryan was cut off mid-sentence as she pushed him back into the shelves and kissed him deeply. "...you doing?" Ryan finished his sentences as she broke their embrace.

"Don't play dumb. You know exactly what I'm doing! You and I both know we want this!" 

Cat dropped to her knees and made quick work of undoing his belt and pants. He was in shock. Frozen like a deer in headlights. His mind was still processing the kiss. The moment he felt her mouth wrapped around his cock he snapped back to reality. Ryan tried to push her back but she resisted, grabbing his ass and pulling him deeper into her mouth.

It had been ages since a woman had sucked his cock. His conscious was telling him to fight this, to put a stop to it, but the pleasure she was giving him was keeping him from it. Ryan's cock grew harder each time she went down on it. He couldn't stop her. He couldn't fight her. His balls tightened and his cock throbbed, he was about to cum. Cat could sense it. She suddenly stopped and released his cock.

"Not yet!" she cooed. "Fuck me!"

He tried to protest, but she quickly turned around and bent over the shelving, pulling her dress up and pushing her panties to the side as she did. Her pussy glistened. She was more than ready for his cock to be in her.

"Well, what are you waiting for?" she asked looking back over her shoulder at him.

"Cat, I shouldn't be doing this! I'm happily married!"

"Your wife's not here and I need fucked! Who's going to know? I won't tell if you won't!" she retorted as she grabbed his cock and pulled him towards her awaiting pussy.

He didn't know why, but he didn't fight her. Maybe it was curiosity. Curiosity of what another pussy felt like. He had never been with anyone but his wife. Maybe it was shock. His mind still wasn't fully processing what was happening. Either way, it was happening, and he wasn't stopping it.

Precum oozed from Ryan's throbbing cock. Cat used it to tease her aching pussy, mixing it with her own wetness as she rubbed it between her swollen pussy lips and lightly smacked it on her clit. When she couldn't take it anymore, she lined it up with the entrance of her tight hole and in one quick motion, impaled herself on him. Cat gasped as she did. She hadn't realized just how thick his cock was. She wasn't as ready for it as she thought she was. She was filled completely, stretched like never before. It was as a fullness she could easily get used to, if he'd let her. She reached behind him, grabbed his ass and pull him as deep as possible. She held him there until she was accustomed to his size. 

She could feel him throbbing in her. She knew he wouldn't last long. And she was on the verge of cumming herself. It had been a long time since she'd been fucked. 

Cat slow pulled herself off him until only the tip of his cock remained in her. Ryan moaned in pleasure. She lingered for only a moment before thrusting herself back on him hard. Again Ryan moaned in pleasure.

Cat couldn't take it, she quickly grew tired of waiting for Ryan to take charge of the situation. She looked back at him. Ryan could see a crazed look in her eye, like a wild animal. 

"God damn it," she scowled. "Fuck me!"

Ryan's own animalistic instinct kicked in. He grabbed her by the waist and started fucking her at a furious pace. She met him thrust for thrust taking him deeply, each time a loud slapping sound could be heard as her ass smacked against him. Ryan was sure someone would hear them. His nervousness kept him from cumming too quickly.

Cat's pussy started to tingle. She knew she was close to cumming. She knew they were running out of time, she had to take control. Cat picked up the pace, slamming back on Ryan making him almost lose his balance. Her hand teased her aroused clit. In a matter of seconds Ryan could fell her tense up. Her pussy started to spasm as she came on his cock. It was too much for Ryan. He went over the edge. He attempted to pull out to cum all over her tight little ass, but her pussy was gripping him like a hunger ravaged animal. He couldn't stop and he couldn't pull out. Ryan's cock pulsed and twitched as he filler her with his cum.

Ryan remained inside Cat for a few moments until her pussy release its grip on him allowing him to pull out. He fell back on to the shelving to catch his breath. Cat quickly straightened her clothes. Ryan could see a tail of cum running down her leg. She leaned over and kissed him one last time before cautiously opening the door. Seeing no one, she slipped away leaving Ryan to recover.

After a few moments, Ryan managed to compose himself. He dressed and quickly and quietly slipped out of the file room unnoticed and made his way back to his desk. Upon sitting down, he noticed one of his file drawers was partially open. He tried to close it, but there was something in the way. He opened the drawer to see what it was. Cum soaked panties. Her cum soaked panties...with a note - "Can't wait to see you tomorrow!" 

Ryan felt sick. He ran to the restroom to splash some cold water on his face. He looked in the mirror. "What have I done?" he thought. "What have I done?"