 I didn't really take notice of Kelsey the first time I met her. She was an intern at my office and was brought in by one of the office staff on her first day to be introduced around. I noticed she had dirty blonde hair and a nice figure but I rarely interacted with the interns much. I'm not even sure I remembered her name until about two weeks later when she caught my eye. 

I was late for court, came racing around a hallway corner and nearly tripped over her as she was filing papers in the bottom drawer of a filing cabinet. Kelsey was on her hands and knees, working over a file and looked up as I stopped just short of slamming into her. As she looked up at me I got a great view of her perky breasts in the scoop neck blouse she was wearing. 

Kelsey is a student at the local college where one of the associates in my office teaches some intro to law class. He takes on a group of interns every semester who mostly get in the way and do menial tasks around the law firm. I rarely pay them much notice other than hellos since it takes too long to train them to be of much use. 

"Sorry, I'm running late and need to get a file" I said as I flashed her a smile. 

"Oh no, that's ok" she stammered as she stood up and backed away from the filing cabinet. As she stood up I soaked in her tight figure. She was wearing a black skirt with some kind of leather patches that wrapped nicely around her tight ass. A light blue scoop neck blouse showed off just the right amount of cleavage. I grabbed the file I needed and muttered a quick "thanks" and headed for the door. As I got to the door, I turned for one more look at Kelsey and found her watching me and smiling. I returned the smile knowing I would have a hard time getting the image of her on all fours out of my head for the rest of the day let alone during a boring court session.

The next week I timed my photocopying work to correspond with Kelsey's filing session. Same black leather skirt, this time teamed up with a white button down shirt. She smiled as I rounded the corner. 

I hatched a quick plan. 

"Kelsey, right?"

"Yeah," she smiled, excited that someone remembered her. 

"You have time to help me with a project?" 

"Sure," she gushed, clearly excited to do anything but file papers. "Should I go ask Gary?" she said remembering her filing assignment. 

"No. I'll clear it with him. Put the filing back on the pile, grab the Penske file and meet me in the conference room," I said.

"Ok," she said with a glow of excitement. 

I went down to Gary's office to tell him I was borrowing his intern and predictably found his office empty. I returned to my office that is conveniently situated next to the office conference room. The conference room had a long wood veneered table with a dozen chairs all around and also housed a small and lately neglected library. Kelsey was seated in a chair next to the head of the table with the Penske file neatly situated directly in front of her. I could tell from her awkward posture that she'd never really worked in an office before and was nervous to be working on a real project. 

"Thanks for helping out." I flashed her a smile again. 

"Sure what do you need me to do?" 

My mind conjured up about a dozen sexual images involving this young co-ed, but I held back and gave her the run down. "The Penske case has a hearing coming up and I should have done this weeks ago, but I need you to go through each of the depositions, find the sections that relate to our case, and organize them by witness in each of these file folders. Got it?"

She pursed her lips and nodded affirmatively. My eyes slipped down to check out her pert rack pushing through the button down shirt. She was petite, but had a great set of breasts. I eyeballed them at about a 36 C but they looked much bigger on her little body. Her dirty blond hair fell shoulder length and framed her cute face. 

"Ok." She smiled back.

It was bullshit work but I wanted some scenery to look at for the morning. I cranked away at something for 20 minutes but couldn't focus. I walked out of my office and found Kelsey industriously working away at her assignment. "How's it coming?"

"Good." She looked up at me. Her deep brown eyes catching mine. Something vexed her. "Whats up?" I asked. "Is there a problem?"

"No," she frowned, "but I'm probably not going to finish this before class. I could come back tomorrow?"

I improvised on the fly. "What time do your classes end today?

"4:30." 

"Tell you what," I propositioned her, "we'll finish up tonight after your classes and I'll treat you to dinner for helping me out?" She smiled.

"Ok here's my phone number." 

"I'll pick you up from campus when you're ready."

I watched her cute ass bounce out of the conference room. The rest of the day dragged on. At 5:30 I called her up and made arrangements to pick her up outside her dorm. 

Same outfit, I drank in her tight body as she hopped into my car. "Thanks for picking me up." 

"Sure no problem. Hey if you have stuff to do I can manage this on my own?"

"No problem, besides I'm excited to do real work instead of all that filing."

We chit-chatted about her classes, social life and background as we wound our way back to the office complex. As we got into the conference room, I gave her one last out. "Really, Kelsey, if you have other stuff to do or even want to hang out with your friends or your boyfriend, I don't want to take up too much of your time." 

"No I'm glad to help, besides I don't have a boyfriend and my friends don't go out on Tuesday nights." She took the bait.

"Really, no boyfriend?" I inquired. "How come?"

"I just broke up with a guy that I started dating last year, he was just kind of immature. I guess I'm just taking some me time before I graduate."

"You're lucky I'm not five years younger, I'd be all over you."

She smiled back, "With your looks you could get any girl on campus. Besides, what's the big deal about being five years older than me? I like older guys..." Hook line and sinker. 

"You'd better be careful, Miss Kelsey, don't make promises you can't keep." I winked at her. She stood up, locked eyes with me and slowly walked over to my side of the conference table. She smiled a devilish grin and said "So are you all talk?" She was daring me. I touched the side of her face with the back of my hand and leaned in and kissed her. She met my kiss with a lot of tongue. As we kissed she leaned her body into mine and slid her hands down my chest. She began to kiss down my shirt as her hands worked my belt. She sat down in front of me, swung my belt free, opened my pants and pulled out my now erect cock. She looked into my eyes, licked her lips and gently kissed the head of my cock. Still looking into my eyes, she licked the shaft of my cock with the tip of her tongue. She paused, smiled again, teasing me and said, "I've wanted to do this since I walked into your office. You want to see my boobs don't you?" All I could do was nod. She slowly unbuttoned her blouse and undid the front clasp on her bra, letting her gorgeous tits bounce free. "I saw you checking them out earlier. Are they as good as you imagined?" All I could do was nod. 

She grasped the shaft of my cock and slid the head into her mouth. She began sliding her hand up and down my shaft as her mouth worked the tip of my cock. Her pert tits were bouncing with the rhythm of her strokes. She looked into my eyes while sliding my cock in and out of her mouth like a porn star. She pulled my cock out of her mouth but kept jerking me off "You like my dirty little mouth on your cock don't you?" she breathed at me. "I want you to fuck my face." She ordered. I grabbed the back of her head and thrust my cock in and out of her wide open mouth a few times. 

"You like sucking my cock don't you? You're a little cock slut aren't you?" She looked into my eyes and nodded as I fucked away at her mouth. She pulled my cock out of her mouth and gasped "Use me like the little slut that I am. I want you to fuck my hot pussy and come on my tits." I just about fired a load right then. She grabbed my cock and slid it into the side of her mouth. "You like the way your big cock fills up my dirty mouth?" I let her suck and jerk me for a few more minutes then pulled her up face to face with me. 

She still had her shirt open and draped over her shoulders so I lowered my head and sucked on her hard nipple. She let out a gasp and let her head fall backwards. I played with her tits while I undid the zipper on her skirt enough to get my hands to her pussy. "Uhhh" she groaned into my ear. I pulled her panties aside and her pussy was already wet. "You are a little slut aren't you?" 

"My pussy is so hot for you," she groaned into my ear. I rubbed her pussy and clit for a few seconds and positioned my finger just outside of the opening to her pussy and paused letting the anticipation build. I kissed her long and deep and slid my finger into her wet pussy. She broke off the kiss, closed her eyes and let out a groan. "Oh god I want you to fuck me so baaaad," she whispered into my ear. I kissed her again and continued thrusting my finger in and out of her dripping pussy. "Please, don't stop" she whispered. I pushed her skirt to the ground and slid her shirt and bra onto the floor. She was standing in front of me in only her panties, her chest heaving. I peeled off my clothes as fast as I could. "She smiled at me again, "You wanna fuck me hard, don't you?" she said as she slid up onto the polished veneer table. I slid in between her legs and kissed her as she breathed at me, "You want to fuck my hot little pussy with your big cock?" I slid closer to her, positioning my cock just outside the entrance to her waiting pussy. She looked into my eyes, "Please fuck me. Fuck my slutty pussy." She was begging me. I slowly slid just the head of my dick into her. "Ooohhh please." She moaned. I stopped and waited as long as I could. She was trembling. "Please. Please. Fuck me." 

"How do you want it?" I whispered into her ear. 

"Fast and hard," was all she said. I rammed my cock into her as far as it would go. She purred and closed her eyes. I grabbed her legs and slid her ass to the edge of the table. I stood up and looked down at her tight body and perfect round tits. She surrendered to me at that moment. I thrust my cock into her again and again. "Please fuck me harder". I pulled her legs up and rammed her. "Uhhh" she groaned as my cock rammed in and out of her hot wet pussy. "I'm cumming" she yelped. I upped the tempo on the thrusts. "Oooh. Keep fucking me. Keep fucking my hot pussy". She was yelling. I looked down and saw her perfect tits bouncing rhythmically as I slammed my cock in and out of her. 

After a few seconds she regained her composure and looked up at me. " I want you to cum. I want you to come all over my hot tits. " She sat up as I continued to fuck her. " I want to finish your hot cock in my mouth." I pulled out of her soaking wet pussy and she slid off the table and got down on her knees. She slipped the head of my cock into her mouth, grasped the base of my cock with her hand and began jerking me off. 

"My pussy juice tastes so good on your cock. I want your hot cum all over my tits." She reached up with her other hand and began to play with my balls. She sucked the tip of my cock as hard as she could. The image of her kneeling before me, jerking my cock into her mouth, her round tits bouncing up and down was nearly enough to make me fire a load down her throat. She felt my balls tense up as I fought back the cum building in me. She pulled my cock out of her mouth, and started jerking me off furiously. "You want to come on my tits don't you? Give me that hot load all over my pretty tits." That was all I could handle, I let burst a load of cum that splattered on her neck and tits. The cum kept firing as she kept jerking me off. "Oh baby." She looked up at me with her pretty eyes and hot body soaked in my cum. She took her finger, swabbed some of the cum off her tit and sucked on her finger. I stood her up, kissed her long and deep. "Now I see what I've been missing out on with the immature young guys" she smirked. 

"Put on your clothes and we'll go get something to eat." I said. She picked up her skirt, "But what about the work?" 

"I didn't really have anything that had to get done tonight anyway," I said as I winked. She smiled back, "You are a dirty boy," she said as she pulled up her skirt. "No panties?" I asked. 

"Maybe you'll want dessert."