 Morning and what a way to welcome a new day, but with the sun shining through the curtains. Becky opened her eyes and stretched. It was then she realized she was in a strange room...not her own bedroom. She turned around and saw Robert, fast asleep. Her first thoughts were of what had happened. She remembered it all in detail, but just had a slight belief that it was a dream. They had promised one another that they would not do this, but neither stopped the other last night, for good reason. She had not felt this alive in years and missed the feeling.

For a brief moment, she was shy about being naked with him and covered up as she decided to have something to eat. Knowing Rob's appetite, she decided to be nice and order room service. Once done with that, she debated on weather to dress or put on one of the complimentary robes in the bathroom. Going with the freedom of a robe, she walked into the small parlor and watched a bit of television. It was not long before breakfast arrived, pancakes and sausage with apple juice. Taking the tray inside, she sat at the desk to eat, when she saw her lover begin to stir. With his eyes barely open, his sense of smell deciphered the odour.

"Oh boy, how did you know I was in the mood for that!" Becky turned to Rob, smiling. "Good morning to you too." Rob had used the blanket to cover himself and she commented on how they didn't cover up last night. The food was polished off quickly and after a while, Becky decided to shower, knowing that her kids needed checking on, making sure the house was still standing. As the shower was started, Rob made a phone call to another room.

He had made a decision about today that would make his band mates wonder what he was doing. He told his friend, Bill, that he would take an Amtrak to Detroit tomorrow morning for the show that night. When questioned about his decision, all he said was that he needed to see a good friend he had not see for quite some time. After the call, Rob decided he needed a shower as well, plus checkout time was close. He decided to share the space with Becky.

Quietly entering the bathroom, Rob approached the curtain and slipped in without her knowing. It helped that Becky was just rinsing her hair. He took a bar of soap and began to lather her back. Startled at first, she turned around and covered her breasts. It was an instinctive reaction and Rob did not mind. Instead, he began to soap up the top portion of exposed flesh that was her boobs. She slowly moved her arms away and stared into his eyes. Tears began to well up and Rob was concerned. She saw the look on his face and explained how happy she was to be in his arms. They kissed as he soaped up her beautiful breasts. He then trailed down her stomach, moved to the back and lathered her spine and shoulders. He seemed to hit all the right spots on her to get her hot again.

Both knew that time was to precious to waste, but both wanted to dive into the pleasures of last night. Becky back off a bit, had her left side facing Rob. Lifting her left leg, she braced it against the back of the wall as her right hand steadied her in the front. Rob could see her pussy, wide open for his invitation. Already hard, he held his cock at her entrance and easily slipped in, due to the rushing water. He held her tight as they began to fuck. Just as she was beginning to sound her joys, a knock was heard at the door. The maid was there to get the room prepared for the next visitor. Rob yelled at her that they were only showering, dressing and then would leave. The maid went into the farthest sections of the room to start her duties. Becky, finding the fact that someone was there, yet not knowing what was going on, got slightly more excited and began to draw more of Rob's cock into her slick pussy.

Trying to hold back her vocalization of her enjoyment, she brought herself off quicker by rubbing her clit while Rob held her breast. The juices flowed out and she came, grinding her teeth to be silent. Rob was very close, but he knew that time would not permit his further enjoyment. He pulled out and Becky washed him. Once she was through, he in turn washed her well used cunt. Within 10 minutes, the couple had finished showing, dressed and freshened up. Rob had called down to the desk a few times, waiting for the other three members of the band to checkout before he did. Once knowing they were gone, he and Becky left the room and paid for the two night stay.

In Becky's car, the couple talked more about other people they knew from the place they met. She also expressed her joys of actually seeing him perform last night, both on stage and in his room. It was some time before they arrived at her home. At bit uneasy about bringing Rob in, Becky entered first and found the place quiet. In the kitchen, she found a note that her kids left. They reminded her that they were going out all day and will be staying at friends' homes for sleep overs. She smiled, knowing that she had the whole house for herself...and Rob as well. Lunch was quick for the couple as the order was barbequed hot dogs, basic, yet quick as the time was past noon hour by the time they got to her home.

The afternoon was spent talking and watching a movie. She enjoyed that most because she was able to cuddle up to Rob and take in his closeness. After the movie was over, both saw that it was nearly 5 o'clock, and she could hear his stomach growling for supper. She decided to order out and excused herself to get into more comfortable clothes, having still those from last night on. Not going for much glamour, Becky had gotten new panties and bra on, took of the panty hose, blouse and shirt, replacing them with a white T-shirt and a blue skort (shorts that look like a skirt). When she came back downstairs, she saw that the food arrived.

Supper was quickly consumed and Rob received a call over his cellphone, who turned out to be his band mate, Bill. It seemed that the schedule was wrong and that they were performing Monday night, not Sunday as planned. Becky heard and contained her smile, knowing her guest would stay longer, but Rob said he still needed to go tomorrow to ensure things were set up right. When supper was done, the couple cleaned up and washed the dishes. Becky noticed that Rob was staring at her chest all through eating and then realized why. She had on a black bra underneath the white T-shirt. She also took quick glances had his bulge and, knowing he hadn't cum from this morning, was eager to make him do so.

While bending down to put proper items back, Rob rubbed her upturned ass, smiling. He could hear her sighs and took the initiative. He quickly pulled her skort down with her panties. She held tightly to the counter top, knowing what he was going to do. Becky knew that he was not interesting in foreplay at this moment and spread her legs open for him. She heard his belt undo and the sound of his zipper. Before she could even imagine what was going on, she felt the blunt head of Rob's cock rubbing along the crease of her ass. The feeling was sensual and relaxing, but she wondered if he planned to do her anally. Then she felt him nudging at her slit, trying to peel her pussy lips open. She should have known that he would not do such a thing, but the thought of it was natural.

As he slid his cock in, Becky let out a loud moan. Rob's cock was so hard and thick, due to ignorance of not cumming from this morning. It stretched her velvet sheath and she pushed her ass towards him to accept more. Rob fucked her hard and continued to do so until she began to scream and holler that she was cumming. He pushed her T-shirt up and undid her bra, so that he could play with her tits and pinch her nipples. She felt that he was close and enjoyed the pleasure his bag was providing her when they would slap at her clit.

"Yes, Rob..fuck me...oh Jesus...I'm gonna cum..." But it was he who came first. He slammed into her pussy hard and shot a load of jism that hit her g-spot, causing her to have a monumental orgasm. As he pulled out of her soaked cunt, they decided not to bother getting dressed. They retired to the living room again to watch another movie under a blanket. Her chirldren called while watching it just to let Becky know where they were and all. When the movie was over, she had a wicked idea.

She excused herself and ran upstairs to her bedroom, where her computer was. She logged on at the chat site where she first met Rob and told her friends that he was there. Her close friends got even more information by her saying what they had done. She suddenly felt a pair of hands cup her breasts. She wasn't shocked to realize who it was and politely said to her friends that she was needed elsewhere.

Rob held Becky's hands and lead her to her bed. There, they laid side-by-side, holding one another in a passionate embrace. Her hands would stray down his chest and across his butt, as his did the same by rubbing her ass and breasts. It was not long before they hard their hands on each other's privates. She began to stroke him as he had two fingers inside her while stimulating her clitoris. Their kisses became more deeper and their tongues began to probe one another's mouths. The mutual masturbation was more than she could handle, especially when Rob bent down and started to suck and lick her nipples. In a loud moan, Becky came, her pussy dripping all over his hand. Rob then had her get on top of him and they ended up in a 69.

He opened her pussy lips and began to lick up all her juices, licking and sucking her clit. She took his member into her mouth and began to mouth fuck him, periodically taking it out to rub between the cleavage of her breasts. Both were able to taste themselves on their partner, but it didn't matter, like they had marked one another as lovers. Rob's licking became more erotic as he started to stick his tongue into her hole. Becky noticed that his hard-on was so engorged, it was almost chocking her. He was near cumming, but he feared that it would be his last load and wanted to prolong this as much as possible.

Becky tried to milk him again, but it was hard for her to do so when Rob was tickling the centre of her passion. Instantly, another orgasm washed over her, but it was unlike the others. This one brought her up to the point gently and released the same way. It was hard for her to say anything with his cock in her mouth anyway. Rob felt her full weight on him and knew she was tired. He helped her spin around, remaining on top and held her for a kiss.

"Oh god, Rob, I hate to admit this, but you've worn me out, I'm exhausted. I came so much that I'm dehydrated." Rob moved her hair out of her face. His cock was pulsating at her cunt. She knew it was there and she so desperately wanted him once more. He held her ass cheeks in his hands and lifted her a bit. Then Becky could feel his cock being shoved into her hot, wet box once more. She drove right on to it and they just laid there. For 10 minutes, they didn't move, just kissed and used their muscles to keep each other stimulated.

Afterwards, Becky sat up and held on to Rob's hands. She began to move her hips back and forth, letting Rob see his dick penetrate into her pussy. His cock throbbed harder and was tickling her insides. He also watched as her boobs swayed back and forth, giving him another reason to cum. He put his hands on her breasts and began to pump into her harder. Becky sensed that he was near and she wanted to as well. They humped so hard, she couldn't wait.

"Fuck me, Rob! Oh god, fuck me hard! Uh Jesus!!!! More!!!!! Fuck that pussy...I want your cum inside me...I'm all your's...cum in me!!!!" That was all it took. Her cunt spasmed around his cock and let out all her juices. Rob felt this and grunted in pleasure as his dick shot its last load of cream into her womb, deep in her belly. She collapsed on him and they laid once again side by side. Taking a deep breath, they held on to one another and fell asleep, still connected at the hips.

The night went well, except for the 3 am quickie they had. The next morning, they made love one more time. There was no way Becky was going to waste the morning hard-on he sported. After breakfast, she took him to the train station. Even though he was there on time, he nearly missed it because of the lingering kiss they shared.

She watched as the train left the depot, knowing that they may not see each other again. Then she smiled. Becky knew that if she ever felt the need to fuck Rob again all she had to do was play back the footage her computer taped last night. She was happy that she was able to get the webcam going before Rob entered the bedroom. Maybe, if she felt like he would like to join her, she'd send it to him.