 I got the call as I was walking out the door. They wanted me to come in for an interview with the department head. Apparently, the supervisor I had first seen liked me enough to recommend me for a different, higher profile job, not to mention a much higher salary with bonuses. I was flattered. HR set up a time for me to come in the next day, at about 3:30pm. 

I got to the department head's office at about 2:45 the next day. I made sure I was looking especially good that day. I had on my new black knee high boots with a multi-colored sweater and a black skirt that ended just above my knees. I had black thigh highs on under the skirt, just to feel that extra bit of confidence (they'd never know I had them on!). I sat in one of the chairs next to the empty desk I assumed belonged to his assistant. I was only there for a few minutes when the door opened and people started to walk out. Not one of them had a happy look on their face. I heard someone bark, "Cynthia! Get me that chick that's here for the interview!" 

A lady walked out and gave me a hesitant smile. "Mr. Hawkins will see you now, Ms. Raymond." As I walked by her, she whispered, "He's not always like this." It did little to calm my nerves.

I stepped into the office and looked around. There was a conference table when you first walked in and it looked like it could easily hold 20 people. Cynthia was busy clearing the table of glasses and paper. "Cynthia! Aren't you done yet? Close that door when you leave!" I jumped at the bark and turned toward the voice. Mr. Hawkins was hunched over the enormous desk, scribbling on some paper. I could tell this was going to a very interesting interview.

I walked forward and stopped at the corner of his desk, waiting for him to acknowledge my presence. He glanced at a sheet of paper and then up at me, not moving anything but his head. "Ms. Raymond, have a seat," nodding toward a chair that was placed in front of his desk. 

No wonder this job is open, I thought. No one would want to work for this guy. And I bet those bonuses were probably quite large to try to entice people to stay. 

Since he was busy with his paperwork, I was able to study him more closely. He wasn't a bad looking guy, quite attractive actually. His brown hair was long enough that you could run your fingers thru and just barely grab a hold. I didn't get a good look at his eyes but I thought they might have been hazel. Regardless, they were beautiful. And there was a neatly trimmed goatee to complete the face. Hmmmmm.......

I shook the thoughts from my mind and kept looking him over. His button down shirt had the top two buttons undone and his sleeves were rolled up to his elbows. From what I could see, he had nice looking arms. They looked fairly strong, like they could lift almost anything. I studied his hands, noticing his thick fingers. And that they were tapping. I jerked my eyes up and found him looking at my face, an eyebrow raised. 

I could feel the blush all the way to my toes. Damn! I got caught staring at him. I really hope I wasn't drooling. Since it had been two weeks since I had gotten laid, I know that at least one part of me was drooling....

"Ms. Raymond, I see you are interested in being my assistant. I've read your resume and heard what Sue had to say about you. Apparently, she thinks you can handle the job. Would you mind doing a few things my assistant would usually do? I like the hands on interview. Let's me actually see if you can handle the job." By then, he had leaned back in his chair, resting his folded hands on his stomach.

I was intrigued. "I must say, I have never had an interview like this, Mr. Hawkins. But I am willing to try. What kinds of tasks did you have in mind?"

He leaned forward in his chair, assessing me. "Let's see. I have two more appointments today, some letters that need to be typed, some calls made and some filing to be done." He shuffled around his desk for a second and handed me a sheet full of names. "These people need to be called to see if they are coming to the dinner on the 20th. All the info is on the top of the desk out there." He handed me a blue folder crammed full. "Here are the letters that need to be typed. There are four on top that I need done today." 

He stood up and came around the desk. "Follow me."

I stood and followed him out the door, back to the desk. He pointed to the enormous stack of papers in the inbox. I looked at him, "How long has it been since you had an assistant?"

He shrugged his shoulders. "I'd say about a month. They keep sending temps over to keep the paperwork at a manageable level. For some reason, they keep leaving after a day."

I rolled my eyes behind his back. Yeah, wonder why....

He turned and said," The files for those papers are in my office. They are filed by the client's last name." Just then, the phone started to ring. He looked at me and said, "There you go. Have at. I'm in my office if you have any questions. Intercom works." And with that he turned and went back into his office, closing the door behind him. 

I reached over and answered the phone, instantly going into work mode. Time flew by as I completed half the letters and fielded phone calls. His two appointments came and left after only being there for no more than ten minutes. It was about 4:30 when I grabbed half the stack of files and knocked on his door. 

'What?" he barked.

I cracked the door. "Is it okay for me to go ahead and file these papers?"

He looked up. "Sure. They're over here," pointing to the wall of drawers on his left. 

I walked in and went to work, making short work of the stack. I glanced over my shoulder a few times to see what he was working on. He was completely engrossed in his paperwork. I bent down to put the last papers in the bottom drawer, not an easy feat in my skirt. Instead of kneeling down, I just leaned over to put them in. My hair fell in my face so I pushed it back so I could read the labels. As I pushed it back, I caught a glimpse of Mr. Hawkins. He had stopped looking at the paperwork and was now completely focused on my ass. I pretended not to notice him staring and finished the last paper. 

When I stood up, my face was flushed, a combination of me bending over and Mr. Hawkins staring at me. I turned and headed back out the door, closing it behind me. Now was the time to find the bathroom. I buzzed him on the intercom and told him I would be back in a few. I got no response so I headed down the hall. 

When I got there, I noticed a full length mirror. I was curious to see just what he had seen when I was bending over. I bent down and glanced back in the mirror and I couldn't believe what I saw: the tops of my thigh highs and garters were visible! And if you looked closely enough, you could see the wet spot on my thong. Oh great. 

I hurried back to the desk and looked at the clock. It was 4:50. If I hurried, I could file the last of the papers and hopefully leave without embarrassing myself further. I grabbed the last of them from the inbox and went to his door. I knocked hesitantly and opened the door. He wasn't at his desk. With any luck, I would be able to file and run. 

Most of these papers were filed in the bottom two drawers so I spent most of my time bent over. About halfway thru the stack, I glanced up at the clock on his desk and was met with a surprise: Mr. Hawkins was standing next to his desk, staring at my ass. I wasn't sure what affected me more: the fact that I didn't hear him come in or the fact that I could see his raging hard-on straining against his pants. 

I quickly looked back down but didn't adjust the way I was standing. As I continued to work on the papers, I tried to watch him thru my curtain of hair. He had moved back to sit in the chair behind his desk and was rubbing himself thru the front of his pants. I could only imagine the thoughts that were going thru his mind as he watched my ass move back and forth.

Well, hell. I figured I wouldn't get the job anyway so I might as well get laid. I leaned over a little further, pretending I was reaching all the way to the front of the bottom drawer. I could feel my skirt hike up further, exposing the bottom of my ass cheeks. I heard a creak and looked thru my hair at his desk. He had leaned in to get a closer look, his hand continuing to rub his cock thru his pants. I stayed like that for a few moments more then slowly stood up. I pushed the drawer closed with my foot and turned to face him.

I looked at his face, flicked my eyes down to his hand on his crotch, then back up to his face. "Is there anything else I can....help you with?" His hand reached over and grabbed some paper off his desk and held them out to me, his eyes never leaving mine. "File these," he said. I took the papers and glanced down at them. They belonged in the bottom drawer. I bent over again and tried to concentrate on the names on the folders. 

I heard the chair creak again and then I felt my skirt being raised higher. I closed my eyes as I felt my ass being exposed. I was sure he could see how wet I was. My hands gripped the file drawer as I felt his hands touch my ass, slowly rubbing and squeezing. One hand rubbed toward my crack and his thumb hooked under my thong, pulling it to the side. I felt his thumb graze my clit as he moved my thong off my wet pussy. I bit my lip, trying not to make any sound lest he should stop.

I gasped as I felt his tongue touch my pussy, sliding down to lick my clit. His hands spread my cheeks, giving him better access to my dripping pussy. He still hadn't said a word as he began to lick and suck my pussy, forcing me to brace myself against the file drawer. I was no longer able to keep quiet and began to moan and gasp at the pleasure he was causing. 

I knew it was only a matter of seconds until I came. All it took was him inserting a finger into my pussy and I came all over his face, soaking his finger and stifling a scream. He pulled his finger back out and rubbed it on my clit as he stuck his tongue in my dripping pussy, fucking me with his tongue. My body jerked as I continued to cum, pushing myself back on his tongue, trying to get more in me. My orgasm was so hard; I could feel my knees begin to buckle. He wrapped an arm around my legs to hold me upright as he lapped my cum up. 

His tongue left my pussy and his arm was removed from legs. Hands pushed me down onto my knees. I found myself looking at the front of his pants. I didn't have the nerve to look up into his face. I just kept staring at his crotch, wondering what it looked like, what it tasted like. I leaned in and put my hand on the bulge, feeling its length. It didn't feel overly long, but it seemed to be quite thick. I had to see it. Still not looking up past his waist, I reached for his belt and he grabbed my hands and put them on his fly. I took the hint and unzipped his fly and reached in to pull him out. 

My mouth was watering by the time I got his cock out of his pants. I leaned in and lightly touched the underside of the head with my tongue. I heard and felt a sharp intake of breath. Good. I made sure my tongue was plenty wet and went to work. Two could play this game. I licked my way around his head and then down his shaft, making it as wet as I could. I came back to the head and slowly let it dip into my mouth, not far but enough to let my teeth graze the underside of his head. I could tell he was enjoying it and wanted more by the way he kept moving his hips closer to my mouth. Anticipating his movements, I kept my own pace, frustrating him. I waited until he thought that was all I was going to do. 

Then, I took his wet cock and slid him quickly into my mouth, taking as much as I could until I felt the base of his cock on my lips. He moaned and pushed his hips against my mouth, forcing more into my throat, gagging me in the process. I quickly drew back and bobbed a few times on him, gagging each time but loving the feel of him in my mouth. I backed off and played with just the head again. He slid a hand into my hair and guided my mouth back down onto his cock, using little force because I was willing to do it. I could hear his breath coming faster and knew if I didn't stop now, I might not get to feel that cock in my pussy.

I pulled free of his hand and stood up, looking him in the eyes as I backed up to his desk. I felt my legs hit the edge and pulled myself up onto it. I pulled my legs up and propped them on the desk and waited for him to come to me. He took the hint and walked over to the desk. When he got there, he reached down and took hold of my thong. I moved my legs and let him slide them off. As he removed them, he snuck in a quick lick on my pussy. I grabbed his head to hold him in place, so he could get a better taste. He cooperated and licked and sucked, making sure I was still very wet. 

He pulled away from my grasp and moved to my mouth. He took possession of it, applying just the right amount of pressure, making me want more. I could taste myself on him and it was driving me wild. I pulled him closer and felt his erection brush my pussy. He adjusted his hips and he slide in while he was kissing me. I moaned into his mouth, it felt so damn good! He moved his hands down my body, one going under my sweater to cup my breast and the other to my hip to hold me steady as he pounded into me. 

There were so many things being done to my body, I couldn't concentrate on just one: his fingers pinching and pulling on my nipple, his tongue teasing my lips, his teeth nipping at my lips, him driving his cock in and out of me, going as deep as he could. I was on the brink of another orgasm. And when I thought I could control it, he released my hip and reached down and rubbed my clit. He released my mouth and grinned at me as I started to cum again, throwing my head back as I started to spasm and moan. 

In the middle of my orgasm, he picked me up, still inside me, and walked over to the conference table. He put me down on it and pulled out of me. He pulled me off the table and pushed me face down onto the table. I spread my legs, hiked up my skirt and thrust my ass out, knowing what was next. Once more, he knelt behind me and tongued my pussy, making sure to lick my sensitive clit and cause me to jump. 

He stood up behind me and drove into me, his hands pulling my hips toward him, making sure he went as deep as possible. I gasped and pushed back against him, trying to help him get deeper. He started fucking me, going slowly at first then speeding up at the sound of my moans and encouragements. I could hear the wet sounds of him fucking me and it was making me even more excited. I could tell he was getting close so I tightened my muscles around him. I heard a groan and then he shoved his cock in me and held me still, filling me with his cum. 

When he seemed to be near the end of his orgasm, I rolled out from under him and went to my knees in front of him, taking his shrinking cock in my mouth. I proceeded to lick and suck the remaining cum off his cock, taking him completely in my mouth. I could tell the action was completely unexpected by the look on his face: jaw had completely dropped open and he was sucking in air like he couldn't get enough oxygen while gripping the table for support. 

I removed his limp cock from my mouth and stood up. I turned and walked to the door, opening it and closing it behind me, ignoring the fact that I had left my underwear on the floor. I reached down and picked up my purse from beside the desk. Guess I needed to start to look for a job. As I started to walk away, I heard the intercom buzz. I went back to the desk and answered it.

"Yes, Mr. Hawkins?"

"Ms. Raymond, we start work promptly 9am. I'll have Sue send the necessary paperwork for you to complete," he hesitated. "Is tomorrow morning too soon to start?"

"Not at all. 9am you say?" I responded with a grin. I think I'm gonna like working here.