 I have come for a job interview. The offices are massive, modern and right in the heart of London. The company is called CDE Publishing Ltd, their email said that they produce magazines and periodicals, but I am not entirely sure what kind. I searched on Goggle for more information about them but could not find anything and their website was exclusively for paying members only. I feel a bit at a disadvantage, but conclude that anyone who comes for a job here will feel the same.

I sit in the reception area waiting to be called in and the young man behind the desk keeps catching my eye. He is very handsome and I smile nervously at him. He returns my smile, yet there is an expression in his eyes that I do not recognise. His attention is making me a little uncomfortable. I wring my hands together to stop them from shaking. I really need this job. I have been sending out my C.V., letters and emails for 18 months now, and this is the first interview I have been invited to. My credit card bill has got so high and my bank balance so low, that I dare not even open the letters they send me anymore. I'm desperate.

The phone on the young man's desk rings and he answers it. I look the other way; I would hate him to think I was listening in on his conversation. "Mr Davis and Mr Campbell, will see you now," he announces, snapping me back from my day-dream. "Third door on the left." He points a manicured index finger down a long, wide corridor.

I thank him, stand and head off in the direction he indicated. I'm conscious of him watching me as I walk towards the door. I can feel his gaze burn into my back. I am almost glad when I reach my destination, I am eager to be out of his line-of-sight. I knock on the heavy door and a deep voice behind it bids me to enter.

I open the door and step inside a spacious, plush office. Two men are sitting behind a huge wooden desk at the far end of the room. The air is cooler in here, but I can still feel that my panic is causing my skin to flush. 

"Good morning," the blonde man on the right greets me, "Please, do come and take a seat. Can we get you anything, tea, coffee, water?"

"No, thank you," I splutter. Lowering my gaze I walk as quickly as I can over the deep, cream carpet.

I reach the desk and sit in the vacant seat in front of it, only then do I raise my eyes and look at the men sitting behind it. Both of them are incredibly handsome. They are older than I am, possibly thirty, and they look very important and distinguished. I am instantly attracted to them equally. Both men are wearing crisp white shirts and blue ties; they smile coolly at me but do not utter a single word.

In the few moments of silence, I feel very self-conscious and shuffle nervously in the chair, I want to bite my lip to stop it trembling, but I know I cannot. I muster all my strength, and will my body to be still.

"Are you okay Miss Bowen?" the blonde man on the right asks. 

"Yes, sorry," I spurt, "I'm just a little nervous. I have not had an interview in such a long time. I will be okay." The fact that I am able to string a sentence together steadies me. I sense my body relax instantly, I can talk and therefore I am in with a chance of getting the job.

"Good," the brown haired man on the left says firmly. "I am Robert Davis and this is my associate David Campbell. You got our email, detailing the position, salary, working hours and holidays?"

"Yes," I smile. I cannot help look at his eyes, they are the clearest blue I have ever seen. 

"And, these are acceptable for you?" He smiles, and I drop my eyes, immediately. I'm excruciatingly aware that I have been staring at him.

"Yes Mr Davis," I stammer, beyond embarrassment.

"Good. But please call me Robert. We were very impressed with your C.V. and grateful that you attached a picture. You are just the right kind of person we are looking for here at CDE Publishing."

His words are like music to my ears. After so many rejections, I am astounded that someone would even consider giving me a job, it does not feel real. I feel myself blush, but it is relief and not anxiety that brings the colour to my cheeks.

"Do you think that the hours and pay would be acceptable?" David asks.

"Yes." I have been struggling for so long on benefits; I can hardly believe someone is almost offering me a salary.

"Good," Robert interjects, "and you are aware of what we do here at CDE?"

Suddenly I'm lost for words, "I know that you are a publishing house," I offer weakly.

"Well, that's a good start," Robert continues smiling broadly. "Do you know what kind of material we publish?"

"No," I answer, feeling the job slipping through my fingers.

"Good," Dave states. 

I look across at him, confused. "If you knew then we are not doing our job properly," he explains. 

"Oh." I'm not sure what to say, and only realise I have made a sound when it reaches my ears.

"Allow me to enlighten you, Miss Bowen," Robert begins. "Here at CDE we publish material of a highly erotic nature. Our members pay a fee to be part of this organisation, and as such, we allow them to a certain extent, to direct what we do and where we go with our material. Do you understand?"

I hear the words, yet I have a hard time filtering them in my head, "So you publish pornography?" I ask for clarification.

"In a word, yes," Dave answers, "but, not just your usual pornography, we cater to our members needs. Does this make a difference to your application? We would understand if you do not wish to progress."

I search my feelings, I'm not shocked but I am skint, and with the very real prospect of losing my flat looming, I am left with no choice.

"No. It makes no difference to my application." I state confidently.

"Great," Dave says, rising from his chair. "But there is one thing," he adds as he walks towards the window on his left.

"Yes?" I trill, excited by the job offer. I watch him, eagerly waiting for an answer as he walks towards the window, the sunlight steams through his cotton shirt revealing a muscular toned body underneath.

"We never employ a female that we can't fuck." His back is now to me, yet it feels like he has just slapped me around the face."

"What?" I gasp dumbfounded.

There is a drumming sound, I locate the source and find it is Robert strumming his fingers on the table, "We own CDE," he states, looking at me directly, "and as such, we own our staff whilst they work here. It is a highly sexually charged environment, and we need to ensure that our needs are met." He takes his hands off the table. The noise stops.

I open my mouth to speak, but no words come out.

"Look, Miss Bowen, we have products to test and positions to try, and we need to do it here. This is the way that our members like it," he continues, holding my gaze with those clear blue eyes.

"Are you asking me to prostitute myself?" I gasp.

"No, we are not paying you for sex. We are paying you a salary. As our Personal Assistant, what that entails on a day-to-day basis will vary, but sex will be part of that. If what we produce does not turn us on, then it's not working. But, we can't be turned on all day; we both have work to do. Do you see our problem?" Robert raises a questioning eyebrow but does not pause for an answer. "Of course, if you do not want the job, then we perfectly understand. We are sure that we can find someone else for the position and wish you luck in your search for employment." He sits back in his chair and lifts his hands, placing them on the back of his neck he leers at me. I understand perfectly. If I don't agree to this I leave with nothing.

I'm stunned, everything has changed so fast, "No, I still want the job," My mouth blurts before my mind has had a chance to process all the information.

Robert nods slowly and Dave turns around to face me. I feel tense under their scrutiny. The mood in the room shifts, and although I am warm it brings goose-bumps to the surface of my skin.

"We are glad to hear that Miss Bowen," Dave utters, walking towards me whilst undoing his neck tie, "but, I think that we would like to put you to the test first."

Everything stops cold dead as his words filter through my understanding and after a second I fully comprehend their meaning. My pulse races, I cannot believe that this is really happening. My heart is beating so violently in my chest; I fear my ribs will crack. I can feel both men watching me, as if to gauge my reaction to their proposition. I study my hands, dig my fingernails into my palms and desperately try to cover all my options. I find I have none. Unless I want to go back to live with my parents, broke, a failure and try to build a new life, this is the only choice I have. 

I raise my head and look Robert directly in his clear, blue eyes; seemingly able to read my thoughts, he smiles warmly.

"Good, I am glad to see we have come to an agreement," he purrs, as he too begins to loosen his tie. "Come around here, so that I can see you better," he orders. Instantly his voice changes, the tone is thicker, but the words are sharper.

My legs shake when rise to stand. Gingerly I wobble around to his side of the desk. I can hear Dave, although I dare not look at him, I know that he too is approaching the desk. Robert pushes his chair back, granting me room to stand in front of him. I can feel his eyes on me. Dave has stopped moving; I hear a thud behind me and guess that he has shifted the chair I had been sitting in. My mouth is dry, I swallow but it only seems to make it worse. I'm so thirsty and light headed with nerves that I am not sure that I can actually go through with this. The desire to bolt out through the door is so intense, it takes me all my strength not to move my feet. 

I can hear Robert's breathing; I am now so close to him. I am trapped between the desk and the man in front of me. 

"Good," he croons, his eyes looking up and down my body, "now take off your blouse."

I knew it was coming, but I still have difficulty believing that this is happening. My trembling hands undo my buttons and my navy blouse opens at the front, revealing a black bra. I pull the top off my shoulders and let it fall to the floor at my feet. Robert looks me up and down, a broad grin on my face. I know he likes what he sees; he's biting his lip with anticipation.

"Now the bra," he drawls, enjoying my discomfort. I reach behind my back and unclip my bra, stake the straps from my shoulders and throw it at his feet. He licks his bottom lip as he casts his eyes over my breasts. I feel my nipples harden, and I am embarrassed at their physical display of my arousal.

"Well, I knew we liked your photo, but I must say Miss Bowen, you are far better in the flesh."

He reaches forward and places his hands on my knees; they do not stay there for long, but make their way up my legs and under my skirt. When he reaches my stocking tops he stops and pulls his hands away. His touch is electric; I am allowing a total stranger to handle me, and I'm flabbergasted. I like it.

I can hear Dave behind me. His breathing is deep, he sounds very excited, "I told you, that she is just what we are looking for," he announces, moving his weight from one foot to the other. 

The hunger in the room is infectious and the tension so deliciously acute, that I feel myself becoming seduced by the thrill of it. Goose-bumps rise on my flesh, but this time it is not the cold, nor my nerves that has summoned them.

Robert holds me in his gaze, and unzips his trousers. Shuffling he pulls them down around his knees, his cock now freed, springs out into the air. My eyes dart between his face and his shaft, I swallow, but this time my mouth is wet.

"Now, Miss Bowen, suck on this," he bids, a definite challenge darkens his eyes and a cruel smile bends his mouth.

I answer "Yes Sir," and sink to my knees in front of his big leather chair. He has the biggest and hardest cock I have ever seen, and I can't wait to hold it. When I take his cock in my hands and stroke it, I feel him quiver to my touch.

As I close my lips around him I feel him twitch and his buttocks tense. Every muscle in his body clenches. I suck a little at the head, teasing it with my expert tongue, before I push my face into him, taking as much of him as I can into my mouth. He reaches forward and grabs my breasts in his hand, and then his fingers find my nipple and squeeze them hard. I moan with pleasure, as he pinches and tweaks my buds. His actions urge me on, as my own sexual excitement grows. I suck hard on his cock; his shaft is huge and hits the back of my throat before I'm half way down. I slowly pull away, holding him between my lips, stretching him with my mouth. 

"What's she like?" I hear Dave ask from behind me.

"Oh she's good, she's very good." Robert gasps.

Urged on by their words I bend forward and plunge his cock into my mouth again; it's warm and wet from my saliva. I gently run my tongue along the groove making him twitch with pleasure. With my right hand I stroke his balls and squeezed them gently and ever so slowly.

"Oh, yes," he moans. "I like that."

I feel him grow even more at the mercy of my velvet tongue. I continue to tease his head and punctuate it with deep-throated thrusts. I'm excited by the thought that Dave is watching, that he wants this too. My actions are making Dave hard in his pants and now his cock is desperate for my attention also. I'm getting lost in the act, in the whole scenario, and I know that I could not stop now, even if I wanted to.

I run my tongue around head of Robert's swollen shaft; I can feel how close he is to climax; his skin tingles under my tongue as the blood fizzes through his veins. Then suddenly he grabs the hair on the back of my head and pulls my head away

"Stand up," he orders.

I do, but my eyes keep snapping back to his now glistening cock. 

"Now hitch up that skirt," he croons.

I take the hem of my skirt in my hands and pull it up around my waist, revealing black panties and suspenders. I feel my clit twitch as my eyes track his to my crotch. He bites his lip. 

"Step forward," he commands.

I move towards him, he reaches behind me and unbuttons my skirt. 

"Let go," he bids, sitting back to watch me.

I open my hands and the fabric brushes against my thighs as my skirt falls from my body. 

Leaning forward he grabs my buttocks and pulls me closer to him. He clips his thumbs under the straps of my panties and tugs them down my legs. When they reach my knees I lift my right leg and step out of them. The knickers glide down my left leg and rest around my ankle.

"Very nice," he breathes, "very nice indeed." His cock flinches as he speaks and I feel my pussy throb in response. He sits back and spins his chair around to the right by 90 degrees. "Now, come over here, get down on your knees and finish what you started," he orders. 

I step over my skirt and kick my panties free and walk towards him. Behind me I can hear Dave moving, closing the distance between us. I stand in front of Robert and allow him to see the whole of me, the delicious seconds I keep him waiting are intoxicating, for those briefest of moments I feel like I have all the power. "Don't keep me waiting," he warns, joggling his cock.

I drop to the carpet between Robert's feet. As I lean forward to grab his cock in my right hand, I feel Dave move behind me. Between my legs now, he places his hands on my hips and forces my legs further apart with his knees. I take hold of the chair handle with my left hand to steady myself. 

Bending over I take Robert's eager cock into my open mouth and Dave slides his cock into my pussy. I moan with pleasure as my muscles stretch, and my pussy convulses around Dave's shaft. His fingers dig into my hips and I know that this is going to be a vigorous ride. Reaching forward with his right hand he finds my clit and rubs. His touch is electric and shocks of pleasure bolt through my body. He presses his fingers down flat and firm against my clit and starts to frig me as he moves his cock in and out of me.

I seal my lips around Robert's shaft and moan, holding him at the base; I start to fuck him with my mouth. I am as hungry to please him now, as I am for my own pleasure. Robert reaches forward and grabs my left nipple with his right hand; he pinches hard and rolls my bud between his fingers and thumb. The pain is quick and deliciously sharp. He shifts his position slightly and pays the right nipple the same compliment. His hand now moves quickly between both my nipples, squeezing, tweaking and tugging them in turn. Flashes of sexual ecstasy jerk through my body from my breasts to my clit and I quicken my attention on his cock. Taking him in deeper, I feel him pushing at the back of my throat. He is close to climax, I can taste him, I can feel the hot blood coursing through his shaft as I lick and suck him with relish. 

Behind me, Dave rams his cock deep in and out of me, jolting my body forward with every thrust. "You have the perfect little pussy," he groans, "nice and tight and juicy as hell." His words excite me and I grind against him, matching him stroke for stroke. My head bobs in rhythm as the three of us become one. I move my hand off the base of Robert's cock and cup his balls, his cock swells as I squeeze gently, and I hear his breathing change as he readies himself to accept his climax. Crushing my right nipple, he groans in abandon as his body spasms and he ejaculates into my mouth. I swallow and take my mouth away from his now spent cock as the mix of pleasure and pain jolts through my body curling my toes. The charge ricochet's through my sex, shuddering my womb and electrifying my clit. I am lost. As the tsunami of pleasure crashes through me I feel every muscle lock and quiver on release. I cry out as Dave sinks his fingers into the soft flesh of my hips and spurts his spunk deep into me.

I'm quivering and panting when I rest my forehead on Robert's thigh. I only hope I have done enough to secure the job.