 The cab pulled away from the curb quickly and methodically worked it's way through the hustle of the airport traffic. Shay was so glad to be out of town to get away from the craziness of the main office. She was happy when the boss asked her to take a flight to Michigan to look over a few things at one of the smaller field offices. The fact that she was going to get to meet the guy that took care of that end of the business was a bonus. They had spoke on the phone many times and the idea of finally getting to meet him excited her.

As the cab pulled up to the building, Shay began to gather the folders she was flipping through on the short ride.

The cold, winter air rushed into the cab as the driver opened the door. Shay pulled her coat close as she gathered her purse and briefcase. This was to be a day trip so there was no luggage to mess with. She paid the cabbie and made a quick dash to the doors to get in from the cold winds.

The elevator doors opened, Shay stepped out on the third floor and made her way down the hall to the office. She opened the door and stepped inside and there was Mike.

Mike smiled as he looked up while on the phone and motioned for her to come on in. He looked her over as she removed her calf length brushed leather coat. It matched her boots that disappeared under a flowing A line skirt. Her breast filled out the pull over sweater that was accented at her waist with a shiny gold belt. Her blond hair was to her shoulders and laid neatly around her face. He was impressed. Their time on the phone had been to the point of playful flirting and had remained that way for a long time. He thought briefly about the times he sat in the same chair he was in and felt his cock growing as they bantered and teased back and forth.

Shay looked at Mike as he ended the phone call and stood for a proper greeting. As he stepped from behind his desk he took her hand that she had extended to him. Shay liked the feel of his strong hands as he introduced himself and welcomed her to Michigan.

Mike was just as she imagined. A nice looking man. He stood almost six foot. He had sexy blue eyes. His brown hair was cut short and he was balding on top. He was in his forties and Shay liked what she saw.

They seemed to get along fine. Their conversation was light and to the point. At times the tease and flirting was noticeable to both of them.

The planned work that was to be looked over was completed. It was now early afternoon and Shay had a plane to catch back to Canada. She had commented about grabbing a bite to eat at the airport as she waited for the next flight out. As if it was triggered by her thought, the phone rung. It was the corporate office giving them another problem to work out from the Michigan office. That is when Mike suggested they have Chinese delivered, find and fix the problem and he would see to it that she made it to the airport.

A couple of hours later, Mike was standing behind Shay looking over her shoulder as she pointed out to him the weak spot in the paper work. From his position, he could see her breast rise and fall as she inhaled and exhaled. Her cologne was throughout the office. He heard her heavy sigh as she tossed her pen on the desk and began to roll her neck. His hands went to her shoulders without a thought. Mike began to massage her neck and shoulders. Shay was so tired she dropped her head forward a little to allow him plenty of room to work.

Shay had been feeling the attraction all afternoon. There was no doubt in her mind how they both wanted to end their day.

As Mike continued to massage her shoulders, Shay reached to the zipper on her boot. With her legs crossed. she slowly began too unzip the boot and slide her tiny foot from it. Her heart jumped as she felt Mike's hand slide down her chest and inside the sweater she had on. After removing the other boot, she felt him begin to withdraw his hand that had been tracing the lace motif of her bra.

Shay stood and turn to him. She looked up and she knew what was about to happen.

Mike took her hand and walked her over to the sofa. He asked with a smile as he slipped his arms around her waist and pulled her close to him, " Do you want to help each other relieve the stress from today's work?"

Shay smiled up at him as she reached for his shirt and began to pull it from his belted pants, " That's the least we can do Mike."

She un tucked his shirt as he begin to un buckle her belt. Taking the bottom button of his dress shirt, that is where she started un buttoning his shirt, working her way up, His hands slipped to the swell of her ass, sliding them over her then he found the button and zipper of her skirt. As her skirt fell to the floor in a pile around her feet, she peeled his shirt from his shoulders. Quickly un buttoning the cuffs and dropping it behind him. Mike reached for the hem of her sweater and began lifting it as he stepped out of his shoes. He felt his fast growing cock jump as her lace covered breast were exposed. Shay un buckled and un zipped his slacks and he was there before her in his boxer briefs. Mike sat down reaching for her but she slipped her thumbs inside the elastic of her slip. He watched as she slowly slid the silk slip down her legs and took his hand as she stepped out of it. She stood just long enough for him to see her manicured pussy. Her labia just barely visible. Peeking out with arousal.

Instead of sitting beside him on the sofa, Shay placed her palms on his knees and knelt before him. His heart raced as she slid her warm hands up his thighs. Leaning to him, spreading his legs, she placed her mouth to his skin. Just above his knee she began a trail of kisses up his thigh and on the outside of his boxer briefs. As her mouth made it to the front of his body, his hard cock was straining against the fabric. She placed her mouth over the bulge. His body jumped with excitement. Her hands slid up his chest as she out stretched her arms. Her nails combing through the hair on his chest, he laid his head back. Moving her mouth side to side at the opening of his briefs, she worked his cock out. She painted his cock with her wet tongue over and over. Feeling each ridge, each vein. She could feel the blood pulsing through the muscle. Mike felt as her hand touched him. Curling her fingers as best she could, she took his cock and traced it over her lips. Shay felt the slick precum coating her lips and had to taste him. Licking her lips, then she opened her mouth and let the head rest on her tongue. As she looked up at him, his eyes were glassy looking back at her. She took more of him in her warm, wet mouth. His moan filled the room. 

Mike leaned forward and took her ass in his hands. Squeezing her, he was trying so hard to hold back from pushing her on her back and fucking her. Her cock sucking abilities were magnificent and he wanted to feel that as long as he could.

Shay could feel his little thrust into her mouth as she teased the tiny slit with the tip of her tongue. When his hand was placed on the back of her head, she knew it was time to make her move. Sliding her mouth from him, his cock in her hand, she stood. Shay unclasped her bra as he stroked his cock, still sitting, watching her.

Her breast were full and inviting. He could only imagine the feel of her nipple inside his mouth. 

Mike stood and took her by the arms. He leaned down to capture her right breast with his mouth. Forming a suction on her tit, he began to suck and press his tongue to her rubbery nipple. Pushing it from side to side with his tongue. Shay felt her pussy begin to ache for his attention.

Mike began to walk her backwards to his desk as he continued to suck at her breast. When she was against the desk, in one swift sweep he cleared the desk and slowly laid her back. Shay scoot on her back so that her back was center of the desk. Mike reached for her ankles. Bringing her feet to the edge of the desk, he held them there. Slowly spreading her legs, she could see his raging cock pointed at her. As he spread her thighs, he could see that labia. As he held her ankles, he lowered his face to her. Shay held her breath as she felt his flat tongue lick her from the center of her spread pussy and over her labia. As he lowered his tongue again, he sunk it into her pink, scooping into her and then flicking the tip of her hood.

Shay arched her back and whispered, " Please take me Mike."

Standing, Mike took her by the waist, pulled her ass to the edge of the desk, He rubbed the purple head to her wet, hungry pussy and pushed gently. He repositioned and pushed again, this time her pussy took him in. He felt the softness surround him. 

Again, her back arched as he held her waist and began to move with long, deep strokes. Her sweet sounds and actions told him all he needed to know. He was filling her pussy with more than enough pleasure. He felt her work her body with his movements making sure he touched her g spot.

Mike watched as her body tensed and her juices seeped all around his thick cock buried deep inside her. The sensation was like her body was trying to push him out one second then suck him back in the next. He could see the shimmer of perspiration on her tummy as she let her body melt to him. 

Her legs were wrapped around him and he felt his release building. As his cum began to spill into her in hot jets, he moaned and clutched her sweet body. He seeme to take longer than usual to soften. He continued to move slowly in and out of her and watch her expressions. She oozed of satisfaction he thought to himself.

Mike watched as the jet taxied onto the runway.

Shay smiled as she took her drink from the flight attendant. The papers she had pulled from her briefcase were papers she knew Mike would be calling about.

Soon.