 Claire sailed home from her meeting with Davis Edward’s like a schoolgirl who’s just found out she’ll be homecoming queen. She didn’t as far as she knew have the job. In point of fact she had nothing to show for the afternoon save a dinner date with Davis and a destroyed blouse she was covering with her leather jacket. Still she sat on her seat on the train looking at the city rushing past her and seeing nothing except Davis Edwards deep set gray eyes looking at her from between her legs. She still had the pleasant feeling of his tongue as it had lapped at her tingling against her clit and she was blissfully unaware of the lascivious smile that played across her face. She had every appearance of a thoroughly satisfied woman and more then a few men who had passed her on the train had given her a knowing glance.

She missed her stop daydreaming and ended up having to walk a block back to the little apartment above the gallery she shared with Jack, but Claire wasn’t bothered. It gave her a chance to clear her head, think of what she was going to say to Jack when she got there. Claire supposed she ought to tell Jack about what had happened with Davis, felt almost obligated to. True, she and Jack weren’t exactly a “ couple” but he was the closest thing to a boyfriend she had. They were if nothing else friends and it seemed dishonest to keep the events of the meeting from him. Things hadn’t been great between them lately either and maybe this would be what they needed to decide where exactly the relationship was going. If Jack could accept that she would want to be with other lovers’ maybe he was a keeper. Or maybe he would realize at last that she wasn’t ever going to commit to just him and move on to someone who would. As she turned the key in the lock to open the back of the gallery up Claire played out the ways to explain things to him in her head. Truth was best, after all Jack had no right to be jealous or possessive of her, but it seemed cold to just blurt it out. Claire realized in the span of time it had taken her to walk through the gallery and upstairs to the apartment every ounce of the pleasantness leftover from the morning had evaporated from her. She was tense and suddenly tired as she opened the apartment door, hoping against hope that Jack would be out with one of his starving artists or at a coffee-house discussing politics so she could sleep and gather herself together.

As Claire opened the door she knew instantly Jack had to be there. Soft candlelight filled the small apartment, and the strong smell of jasmine hung heavy in the air. There was a plate of half eaten bread and cheese and a few leftover pieces of fruit on the low table in front of the futon though Claire noticed all the pillows and the beautiful Indian slipcover had been pulled off. Pushing her way in and dropping her jacket in the foyer Claire walked into the apartment and called Jacks name quietly. She could hear Enigma playing on the stereo in the back of the apartment and smelled the slight odor of oil paint under the jasmine.

“ Back here darlin.” came Jack’s sleepy southern drawl from the rear bedroom. Jack used it mostly as a studio, something about the fantastic light that came in through the eastern window.

He’s painting, Claire realized. She couldn’t help but wonder about the missing cushions and half-eaten food and the candlelight though. Maybe he’s had a date she thought; surprised at the slight pang of jealousy that accompanied the thought. At least she wouldn’t have to deal with the interview situation tonight though. Jack was single minded when he painted and he wouldn’t want to be disturbed by anything else. She cracked open the studios door and was nearly floored by the smell of jasmine, and honeysuckle. No sooner had her senses recovered from that then she found herself confronted with the subject of Jacks latest work. 

Seated on a pile of the cushions from her futon was perhaps one of the most striking women Claire had seen in a long time. She was nude beneath the Indian slipcover, of that Claire was certain. Her luxurious red hair hung softly over her shoulders though Claire could make out the outline of at least one full breast. Her back was to Jack, one long arm draped across the serpentine curve of her hips and her other holding up her head. She was glancing at him over her shoulder, her deep eyes smoldering. The slipcover draped itself across her small heart shaped rear and most of her long legs but it did nothing to hide the beauty of her body. 

“I didn’t realize you were working.” Claire stammered. “ I’ll just go find something to do and stay out of your hair.”

Jack laughed softly. “ Darlin’ don’t be such an idiot. You know I love having you with me when I paint.” 

He walked over and pecked her softly on the mouth and Claire was certain she could taste and smell this woman on him. Again she found it odd that the thought of Jack with another woman not only made her jealous, but also turned her on. She brushed the thought aside.

“ Rachel, this is my friend Claire, the one I’m always going on about at the shows.” Jack said as he slipped back behind the canvas, “ and this of course is Rachel, an old friend from art school. She was sweet enough to model for me when inspiration seized.” 

“ Inspiration,” Claire snickered, “ Is that what you arty types are calling it these days?” she wanted to take it back as soon as she’d said it, but as soon as she saw Jacks face she knew it was to late. He looked briefly to Rachel and gave her a smile and then turned to glare at Claire.

“ Yes Claire. Rachel inspired me.” He moved closer to Claire now, stepping behind her, his hands snaking onto her shoulders. “ I needed a beautiful woman to paint and you were nowhere to be found and so Rachel stepped in. Does that bother you?” he dropped his hands abruptly from her shoulders and walked back to his canvas. “It shouldn’t. We’re not a couple or anything right?” 

His words were hard and sarcastic, mocking the very lecture she had given him only days ago. Claire deserved it and she knew it, but it hurt all the same to have Jack lash out at her. She put on her best smile and walked up to Rachel. “Well it’s nice to meet you. “ she said pleasantly. “I’d offer to shake your hand but Leonardo here would lecture me about ruining your positioning.”

Rachel smiled back at her. “Oh it’s okay. I was actually going to go beg for a break, grab a little coffee,” she looked to Jack scowling from behind the picture “ If that’s okay with you of course.”

Jack sighed dramatically, hoping it would mask his delight at having Rachel and Claire so close together. Claire could be a real bitch at times, but she turned him on like no other woman he knew. If she didn’t want a ‘relationship’ with him Jack was ready to finally accept that, but he’d be damned if he were going to let her go without at least trying to fulfill a few fantasies first. Rachel and Claire together were at the top of that list.

“ If you must, but I need you back here as soon as you can. I’d like to finish this tonight.”

Rachel nodded her agreement and stretched herself out languidly before rising off the cushions. Unabashedly she allowed the slipcover to fall from her body, revealing herself in front of Claire. Her stomach was flat and her hips full and curved. Unconsciously Claire found herself looking at the hair between her legs.

“ Yeah, I’m a natural redhead.” She chuckled. 

Claire blushed furiously and started to stammer an excuse or explanation, anything to justify what must have been her obvious staring.

“ It’s okay.” Rachel laughed. “It’s natural to look, I mean I am naked right?” she reached her hand out and brushed Claire’s shoulders as she walked out. “ Maybe I’ll return the favor some day.” She whispered.

Claire jolted, not so much at her words, but at the sudden renewal of sexual energy they sent coursing through her. She followed Rachel’s body as she walked across the room towards Jack promising him she’d be ready in about twenty or thirty minutes. She turned and looked at Claire again before leaning in to give Jack a deep open mouthed kiss as her hands reached down to feel his now obvious erection.

Claire walked over to the canvas under the premise of checking out the painting as Rachel left the room knowing that Jack would follow her. He was predictable at best and in a few seconds he was tossing the sheet over the unfinished piece.

“ She’s pretty.” Claire said matter of factly. “ Very pretty. A friend from art school right?” she fingered the stray threads on the sheet absently as Jack went to work re-arranging the pillows. 

“ Yeah. I’ve known Rachel for years.” He replied. “ We dated for a while, but…”he left the rest unfinished.

“ I kinda figured you’d been together by the kiss.” 

Claire was walking over to the pillows slowly, making sure she made a gesture of taking off her ruined shirt and dropping it on the floor. She walked in front of Jack and laid herself out across the pillows.

“ Is she a good fuck Jack?” she asked flatly

Jack ignored her, concentrating instead on moving pillows around her.

“ I think she must be. A body like that and all, I mean you’d think looking like that she’d have to be a pretty spectacular fuck right?” Claire had slipped her bra straps off her shoulders and kicked off her shoes. She was starting on her zipper when she felt Jacks hand over hers.

“ I don’t think it matters Claire.” He said hopping against hope that this wasn’t another one of Claire’s head games.

Claire stood on her knees and slid her hands up the back of Jacks legs, taking his ass in hand. Her face was only inches from his crotch and his cock was visibly straining against the fabric of his pants.

“ I was just curious Jack.” She said sweetly. “ Obviously she excited you with that kiss and I just wanted to know if…”

“ If what Claire? If I fucked her? Yeah, I did. She came over, she came on to me and I fucked her! I mean it’s not like you were going to right? I know this may seem hard to believe, but some women don’t find having sex with me to be quite the chore you do. Some women like it! Enjoy it even.” He pulled her hands off his ass and stormed angrily away from her. “ You used to, remember?”

Claire got up and walked slowly across the room to him. “ Jack, I’m not mad at you.” She reached a hand around and snaked it down his chest and into the waist of his pants. “ We agreed not to be a couple so we could do things like this right? So that we weren’t stuck feeling guilty for acting on our desires.” Her hands had managed to undo the buttons on his jeans enough to slip one hand down inside them and palm his cock. “ So I’m not angry you see. I just wanted to know if she was good, if she got you this excited.” She was in front of him now, her hands working quickly at the buttons that remained, freeing his cock as it sprang gratefully into her hands. “ You haven’t been excited like this in a long while Jack. Maybe that’s why I’m not here.”

“ I think she’s incredible looking” she continued. “great tits, and a nice firm ass.” She absently circled his cock head with her thumb as she spoke. “ And that red hair. I bet that drove you nuts didn’t it, all that long red hair to play with? You’ve always hated that mine was short and I didn’t match the bottom to the top, but Rachel…” she paused as she felt him shudder under her touch and she brought his hand up to her bra-straps, helping him to push them off totally. “ Well, Rachel’s got such pretty red pussy hair too. I bet you were in heaven.”

Jack moaned softly as she applied pressure to his cock. “ Claire don’t.” he managed weakly. “ I don’t feel like playing games today.”

Claire smiled wickedly. “ No games Jack. What’s the matter, did she wear you out?” Claire took his finger into her mouth and licked it seductively. “ Got nothing left for me I guess then.” She took another finger in and began slowly running it in and out of her mouth as she watched the head of Jacks cock twitch as her hand milked the shaft.

“ It’s a shame too Jack, cuz I’m so turned on. I can’t help it. Thinking of you and her together, it’s making me crazy.” She took his moistened finger out of her mouth and ran it slowly around her own nipple, bringing it to life with slow, delicate, motions.

“ Maybe Rachel will help me out. She did say she might return the favor and stare at my pussy one-day right? Maybe she’ll do more then stare huh?” she was pumping Jacks cock harder now, working from head to base with long firm strokes. Her other hand was busy bringing his fingers to play on her breasts, pulling the nipples out into deep pink peaks, massaging her breast flesh with his hands.

“ What do you think Jack? Do you think she’d help me out if you can’t? Do you think she’d go down on me and let me fuck that pretty face of hers?” Claire was dripping against her panties, hopping against hope that her lewd talking would inspire Jack to throw her onto the cushions and make her cum before she really did go out in the other room and ask for Rachel’s help.

“ Only if you return the favor.”

Claire knew without looking that Rachel had entered the room again. Knew that there was no way in hell to beg out of what she must have obviously overheard her saying, or to make polite excuses for the situation they found themselves in. 

Jack was starting to go soft in her hand and looked as if he wanted the earth to open up and swallow him, but Rachel seemed curiously unaffected as she walked toward Claire. She walked behind her and unhooked her bra allowing it to slip down her arms as she ran a slow finger down Claire’s spine. “ It’s not as if he’s never discussed it you know.” She whispered as she ran her tongue around the rim of Claire’s ear. “ It’s a pretty common fantasy for men after all, to see two women together.” Rachel was still behind Claire, her full breasts pressed against her back as she ran her hands down Claire’s arm and joined her in holding Jacks slowly reviving cock with one hand as she sought out Claire’s nipples with the other. 

“ Jack talks about you all the time too, how sexy you are, how insatiable you can be,” Rachel was pulling gently against Claire’s nipple as they began to pull on Jacks cock in unison. “ I have to admit that’s part of why I came over here tonight, I was hoping to meet you, and see if you were everything he said you were.”

Claire closed her eyes and leaned back into Rachel’s body, allowing her better access to her breasts as she stroked Jack hard again. Rachel kissed up her neck softly until she found her mouth and then took Claire’s lips against her own, snaking her tongue between her teeth and inside her mouth. Claire moaned softly and responded in kind.

It wasn’t as if Rachel was the first woman to ever touch her sexually, but she was the first woman in a very long time and definitely the first to ever do it with one of Claire’s lovers in the room.

Jack was rock hard in Claire’s hands, rolling his hips against her anxiously, but Claire paid him no mind instead breaking free to turn and face Rachel. She was as beautiful up close as she had been at a distance and Claire was intoxicated with her body, hyper-charged sexually at the thought of being touched by her as Jack watched. Rachel pushed her towards the pillows and laid her across them, she guided Jacks hands to Claire’s pants and told him to take them off as well as his own. Once they were all naked Rachel crawled between Claire’s legs and lapped gently at her swollen pussy lips. Claire bucked at the touch and Rachel laughed softly. Her tongue snaked out again and licked the hood of Claire’s clit with quick flicking strokes. Claire moaned softly and brought her hips up to Rachel’s face urging her to continue. She opened her eyes to look for Jack, wanting to see him watching Rachel eat her pussy. She knew it would turn her on even more to see how turned on he was. 

Jack had parked himself behind Rachel and was busily stroking the head of his cock at the entrance to Rachel’s cunt. He wanted to drive it in, Claire knew he did, but instead he played with her as he looked to Claire for some sort of approval. Claire smiled seductively and snaked her hands into Rachel’s red curls to push her face deeper into her wet pussy, encouraging her to lick deeper as she watched Jack beg her silently for permission to fuck Rachel from the rear. She locked eyes with him and nodded as he happily slid his cock home. Rachel moaned around Claire’s pussy, but kept her pace, lapping at her clit until it stood proudly at attention and then sucking it deeply into her soft warm mouth. 

Jack was going wild in Rachel’s pussy, pounding himself into her with such abandon that Claire was surprised she could keep her composure. She knew from her own experience that this was the area where Jack shined, he could drill a pussy like no man alive. When it came to slow lovemaking, Jack wasn’t worth shit, but when you needed it deep to get off in a hurry, Jack was the best she knew. Claire knew exactly how Rachel’s pussy must be feeling, how full and stretched she would be with Jacks cock working overtime. She knew too how delicious that orgasm would feel when it came over her.

Rachel brought her face up from Claire’s pussy to kiss her, smearing Claire’s own juices across her lips. As she did she fed two long fingers deep inside Claire’s aching hole and began to fuck her with them slowly as her thumb found it’s way to her clit and strummed it firmly. Claire’s orgasm was building quickly as Rachel used her fingers like a miniature cock. Rachel was on all fours now as Jack pumped her and she in turn fingered Claire. The erotic nature of the scene only made Claire hotter as she watched Jack’s cock disappear inside Rachel’s pussy over and over again. She closed her eyes as she felt the orgasm start to take her and pushed herself deeper on Rachel’s fingers.

Jack was the first to cum, exploding with almost an animal ferocity that Claire had never before seen and taking Rachel happily with him. As she came, Rachel again took Claire’s pussy into her mouth as her two fingers became three and Claire finally came hard around them, bucking furiously and moaning loudly. They collapsed together against the pillows on the floor in an exhausted tangle and for a moment there was an awkward silence in which Claire was afraid the magic of the moment might be lost. She watched Rachel and Jack curl themselves around each other, Jack’s hand creeping across Rachel to squeeze Claire’s. It was then that Claire knew things between she and Jack were alright, and then that she knew she had to tell him about Edwards.

She smiled and squeezed his hand in return before whispering, “ Jack, there’s something I’d like to tell you…” 


Thank you so much to everyone who took the time to e-mail me re. The Interview. It was  written as a gift for my incredible husband and I only hope he finds the same favor with it that you did. 

Here is part two. I hope you enjoy it, and as always please e-mail me with your comments.