 "You're lying in my spot."

Kevin was startled out of a deep sleep. It was so early that he wasn't sure if he was dreaming.

"Hey! I said you're in my spot."

He slowly raised his head off his blanket and turned to look in the direction of the voice. The sun temporarily blinded him as it was directly behind the source of the voice.

"Excuse me," he stammered, bringing his hand up to shield his eyes.

"I can't excuse you. You're in my spot."

As his eyes adjusted, Kevin's focused on the black sandals resting inches from his face. His gaze followed the long, slim, tan legs to a silhouette of long hair and sunglasses, framed by the sun.

"I'm sorry, I-"

"Obviously," the owner of the legs interrupted. "Now, can you move?"

Kevin was too unnerved by the whole episode to fight or respond. He got up, gathered his towel, his suntan lotion, and his small cooler and moved out of the lady's way.

As he stood there, he squinted around the beach. It was virtually deserted. There were a few hotel workers setting up lounges and cleaning some clutter. Otherwise, he and his new neighbor were alone.

He watched as she rolled out her beach blanket on the spot he recently occupied as if nothing out of the ordinary had occurred.

"Is it okay of I set up here?" Kevin inquired.

"Why would I care?" she answered without looking up at him.

After smoothing his blanket and arranging his belongings a short distance away from his original spot, he sat and looked out at the clear Caribbean water lapping at the shore. He popped his sunglasses on his nose and used his side vision to look at the intruder.

She had long, dark brown hair that fell along her shoulders. She pulled it into a pony tail to move it away from her face. He bronze skin was a light mocha color and was the perfect accent to the cool blue bikini she was wearing.

Kevin leaned back on his arms and stretched his back and shoulders as a way of hiding his stares. He watched as she liberally applied suntan lotion to her long, slender arms.

Then, she reached up and untied the bikini strap behind her neck and let the top fall. While she nonchalantly untied the lower strap and placed the top in her straw beach bag, Kevin's eye froze on her breasts.

She had smallish B-cup breasts with long, hard nipples jutting out from them. They were the longest, most perfect nipples he had ever seen. He wasn't sure how long he stared without moving (or breathing), but he was once again startled by her voice.

"If you can stop staring at my tits for a few minutes, could you put lotion on my back?" she asked.

"Uh, yeah. Oh, sorry. Sure," he stuttered, blushing.

Her back was also perfect. Firm ... muscular ... flawless skin. He also noticed a complete absence of tan lines. He warmed lotion between his palms before applying it, and he used only his finger tips to make sure he covered every part evenly. She sat up straight and pushed slightly against his touch. She had her eyes closed and her chin tiled up as his eyes followed the smooth slope of her amber skin to her dark pink nipples projecting from her chest.

As Kevin found himself drawing closer to her, he happened to glance down just before his erection plunged into her back. He stopped quickly and was trying to figure out how he was going to hide the circus tent now protruding from his navy blue trunks, when she suddenly stood up. 

She hooked her thumbs into her sleek bikini bottoms and began sliding them down her supple legs. "I don't want to get lotion all over them," she replied as if she was answering a question. She bent over to put them in her bag and gave Kevin a clear view of her faultless ass and hair-free pussy. She straightened up, stretched and waited for Kevin to continue with the lotion.

"Anytime," she said as Kevin was momentarily motionless. He got on his knees and began covering her lower back with lotion. He looked down and saw that the shadow from his cock looked like a sundial on the sand. 

When he reached the upper curve of her bronzed ass, he paused and looked up at her. "You know, butts get sunburned too," she stated. Without a word, Kevin worked his hand around her golden curves.

At this point, he had to wipe the flood of sweat away from his forehead with the back of his arm. Working his way down to the top of her thigh, he watched as a droplet of nectar ran down the inside of her thigh. He looked up at her and saw that she was still standing with he eyes closed. She continued to stand her those perfect legs spread as he worked steadily down her thighs. The smell of her musk blended with the lotion and the salt air to create a fog of delight for his nose. There was now so much liquid running down her thighs that he scooped it off her skin and sucked it off his fingers.

When he reached her ankles, she lay down on her back and asked him to get her feet. Kevin stared at her blossoming pussy while he massaged her with the oil. He took his time, rubbing the arch and kneading the pressure points of her delicate feet. She was clearly enjoying the massage as her breathing became deep and rhythmic.

He sat beside her hip and poured more oil into his hands. He then began working the oil into the cocoa skin of her belly and her breasts. Kevin worked all round her chest, rubbing and massaging her skin but avoiding those delicious nipples. He was saving them. After advancing on her neck and ear lobes, he bent down and took her right nipple in his mouth. She arched her back at the electricity strobing from her nipples. He then switched and sucked her elongated nipple deep within his lips and massaged it with his tongue.

"Oh, God," she moaned.

Now, he took some oil and rubbed it gently onto her long, thick nips. 

"Ahhh ... Ahhh," she continued to mutter.

When he, once again, took one of her nipples into his mouth and sucked hard, she bucked, arched her back, and held her breath. He never eased the suction that nipple until she started relaxing.

As she lay back on the towel and panted, he put his hands under her ass cheeks and positioned her glistening pussy for his next assault. He wasted no time on gentle preliminaries and covered her plum with his mouth. He ran his tongue roughly up and down her dripping crevice and plunged his tongue deep within her silky cavern. As he moved his tongue in and out of her wire hot cunt, he swiped her stiff clit. He drew her clit into his hot moist mouth as he plunged two fingers into her sex. Almost instantly she arched her back again and screamed.

"Mother of God! Don't stop!"

Kevin deftly kept the pressure on her engorged hood but was careful to make it a delicate force. She bucked and pushed her sex harder into his mouth, and he held her slender hips to keep from losing contact.

"Fuck," she screamed as her body relaxed. He smiled as he looked down at her panting. While she recovered, he stood and ripped off his trunks. His cock head was dark purple and jutted out from his swollen cock. It jumped with the force of his heart pumped hot blood into its caverns. 

Kevin didn't ever remember being this hard or this big. He lowered himself to this sweaty goddess and rubbed his purple helmet against the silken juices of her quivering gash. She pulled her legs up toward her shoulders and grabbed for him to pull him into her. His purple steel penetrated her in a single stroke, and his balls slapped against the bottom of her steaming pussy.

There was nothing gentle about this assault. Kevin was like a wild animal. He pounded into her with a seething fervor. "Harder," she commanded, and Kevin complied.

He had no idea how he was lasting so long. Her rippling pussy walls grabbed and held him as he fought to pull out and plunge in again.

"Oh, fuck -- oh, fuck -- oh, fuck," she repeated as she lightly bit into his shoulder. He reached down and kissed her slender neck as he slammed into her velvet hole. "Don't stop," she cried between pants.

Then, Kevin could feel his cock thicken and his balls draw up and preparation. At that moment, he felt her arch her back and dig her nails into his back.

"Oh, my fuck-" and the words froze as she stiffened.

Kevin could hold out no more. He plunged as deeply as he could into her spasmming pussy and began unloading blast after blast of molten sperm into her. She could feel the explosions within her, and it pushed her raging orgasm even farther.

The torrent of cum pouring from Kevin's dick squirted from the sides of her cunt. Finally, his madness began to subside, and he slowly came to a halt. She continued to use her pussy muscles to hold him inside. He laid his head down on her soft chest.

"Damn that was great," she finally said.

"I don't even know what words to use," he replied, "But, great doesn't even begin to describe it. That was the most -- you are the sexiest, most amazing woman I've ever met. My name's Kevin, by the way."

"Alison," she responded, still recovering.

Kevin suddenly remembered where he was and looked around to see who was watching. The beach was still barren with other guests. Since it was clothing optional, the staff had obviously been instructed to remain discrete when extracurricular activities ensued. He couldn't believe they were alone.

He looked down at her just as she opened her eyes for the first time since he started applying lotion. They were big, brown and sat atop high cheekbones and a slim face. 

"Wow!"

"What?" she asked.

"You are stunning." He watched as her full, rose lips spread into a contented smile. "How long are you staying?"

"I'm here working to finish a novel, so I'll be here another three weeks. What about you?"

Kevin grinned widely and answered, "I'm an architect and am here to oversee the construction of a hotel on the far end of the island. I'll be here for awhile."

He looked down, "You know, I could really get used to waking up every morning to the sight and taste of those nipples. I have never seen anything that sexy."

"Hmmm ... how do I know you won't take advantage of me and try to get my spot?"

"Oh, I definitely plan on taking advantage of you, but I assure, when it comes to your spot, I will be a perfect gentleman."

"Perfect gentleman? Sounds boring."

"Well, Alison," said as he took the edge of a towel and gently wiped away the cum oozing from her pussy, "If you'll follow me back to my room, I promise not to be any kind of gentleman." He stood and reached for her hand.

As she stood, she reached down and gave his dick a playful squeeze. She felt it jump in her hand and begin to swell. "Well, it looks like we better get somewhere indoors before someone mistakes that thing for a palm tree."

He smiled and put his arm around her waist as they walked toward the hotel. This was definitely going to be the best assignment he ever had.