 As soon as I get all comfy in bed, about to fall asleep, I think I hear something. I lay there for a minute to see if I hear it again. I think I do, but I'm not sure. Then I hear it, a sort of thump...maybe.

I look at my dog asleep near my feet, she's snoozing away. I nudge her with my foot. She barely raises her head, opens her eyes slightly and looks at me. "Did you hear something Poppy?" I ask her.

I swear she sighs, then lays her head back down and closes her eyes.

"Thanks. Don't worry about me...I'm sure if it's a murderer I can take care of it" I tell her.

I hear a knock on the door. Okay, it's nearly one am, I am not opening the door!

I see Poppy raise her head and look at me. "I don't know who that could be. We're not answering it" I tell her.

They knock again. I ignore it again. I grab Poppy and we snuggle under the blankets. It's quiet for a minute. Then I think I hear something outside my bedroom window. Why did I decide to rent a ground floor apartment? And why do I have a pug as protection?

Now a loud bang on my window. I think someone is trying to break in! They knocked and when I didn't answer they must think there is no one home now! Shit! I should call someone. The police? I reach over towards my nightstand to grab my phone.

I hear the screen slide up, now the window is opening. Why didn't I lock it? I swear I am so lazy. If I don't get killed or raped I will never leave a door or window unlocked again.

No time to call the police now. I look at Poppy...she has her eyes closed. "Thanks for protecting me!" I whisper to her, rolling my eyes.

I have to do something. I will have to be brave and protect me and Poppy. I get out of bed and go over to the window. Umm...okay what am I going to do? Someone is climbing in the window. I have to do something. I grab the first thing I can off of my nightstand...my laptop. When the person has their head in the window I take my laptop and smash them in the face with it as hard as I can.

CRASH!

They fall in the window. Into a pile on the floor under it.

For a couple of seconds I wonder if they are okay.

"Fuck Mara...why did you hit me?" I hear someone say.

"Oh my god...Eddie? Is that you?" I ask him.

I set my laptop on my bed...then turn on my light.

He sits up under the window. There's blood coming from his nose and mouth. A small pool of blood on the floor.

He looks up at me.

"Jesus. I'm sorry. I didn't know it was you. Why in the hell did you climb in my bedroom window? Let me go get something for your nose...and mouth" I say to him and go into the bathroom.

I feel horrible. But dammit it's his fault for climbing in my window! I get a washcloth wet and go back into my room. He's still just sitting there, kind of holding his head in his hands.

I kneel next to him. "Let me see."

I start wiping off the blood. Yep his nose and mouth are bleeding.

"Why did you hit me?" he asks me.

"Why did you crawl through my window at one am? Are you stupid? I was about to call the police!"

"I needed a place to sleep tonight. I lost my keys so I can't get in my apartment. I knocked...you didn't answer" he says.

I swear...this boy. We broke up a couple weeks ago...but he still has ended up here a few times.

"It's after midnight...I'm not answering the door. Why didn't you call me and let me know it was you?" I ask him.

He looks at me for a minute. Smiles...shrugs his shoulders.

"Does it hurt?" I ask him.

He shakes his head, shrugs his shoulders again. "A little bit."

"Yeah? Probably because you're drunk. You are feeling no pain. Wait until tomorrow."

I get up and check on Poppy who is still hiding under the blanket.

"Do you have any beer?" he asks me.

"Um...maybe."

"Will you go check? I mean you just smashed me in the face so...you kind of owe me" he says.

"Yeah. I'll be back."

I get Poppy out of the blanket and take her with me. I can not believe that Eddie climbed in my window. What if I had a gun? Or what if I had called the police?

I get two beers and go back to my bedroom. Eddie has managed to get up off the floor and is laying on my bed now.

"Are you alright?" I ask him.

"Can I sleep here?" he asks.

I sit next to him. "I brought you a beer." I set it on his belly.

He grabs it, then sits up. "So can I sleep here?"

I nod my head. I lean over and kiss him. "I'm sorry. Really sorry. But dammit this is really your fault for climbing in my window!"

He kisses me. "I suppose I better forgive you...but fuck Mara...I think you broke my nose."

I look at him and can't help smiling. "You're still cute."

And he is. I hate that. I so did not want to break up with him, but he has no desire to grow up and try to settle down. I was ready for a stable relationship...him not so much. Like right now...he's drunk. So drunk he's lost his keys...again. This is all he wants to do. Party and get drunk with his friends.

"And so are you" he says.

I drink some of the beer I have. He drinks some of his.

Poppy crawls over into his lap. I look at her. "Traitor."

She licks his mouth. "Aw, Poppy missed her daddy!" he says.

I drink more of my beer. Stupid dog...always did like Eddie better. Who was the one that was here every day taking care of her? Feeding her? Walking her? That was me Poppy...not your 'daddy'.

He drinks the rest of his beer, sets the bottle on my nightstand and lays back on my bed...with Poppy.

"Do you want another beer?" I ask him.

"Yeah...just one more. Then we can mess around...fuck...go to sleep," he says.

"What makes you think any of that is going to happen?"

"It always does. You know you want to. If you didn't you would have thrown me out" he says.

I get up and walk into the kitchen. Do I want to fuck him? Yeah...he's right about that. Right that it always happens when he wants it to. I should tell him to go sleep on the sofa. I wish we were back together. I still love that asshole.

I bring him another beer. When I get back to my bedroom he's getting undressed. He drops his shorts and I see he still doesn't wear underwear. Probably doesn't even own any.

I hand him his beer, he pulls me to him and kisses me.

"I miss you" he says.

I step back away from him. Look in those beautiful blue eyes. I shake my head. "Don't...I can't do this. I miss you too."

I try to walk away, he grabs my arm and turns me around. "Then why did we break up?"

I look at him. "You know why...I need you to be more adult. I was starting to hate you not working...going out and having fun while I was working. It's not fair."

"If I got a job..." he says.

"You won't. You always make all of these promises...never follow through. For my sanity I have to not be with you...As much as it hurts me."

He sighs. "Will you at least get naked with me tonight?" he asks.

"I shouldn't..."

He drinks the rest of his beer, sets the bottle down on my nightstand. He takes my tank top off of me. He kisses me. I try to push him back. "Eddie...I...I shouldn't do this."

"I want you back."

I shake my head. "No...that can't happen."

"Then this is just sex I guess. I wish it could be more..."

I wish it could be more too. I wish he would get a job and move back in. I want to be with him forever.

"What's wrong?" I hear him ask.

I sigh. I don't want to tell him. I shrug my shoulders.

"Do you want me to leave?" he asks.

I shake my head.

"Let's get in bed then" he says.

I pick up one of his hands and bring him to my bed. I get in bed, he gets in bed with me. On his side of the bed. I smile seeing him lying there. So many nights I lay here wishing he was there. Crying on his pillow wanting him to be sleeping on it.

He leans close to kiss me but Poppy jumps on the bed and gets right between us. And of course she gives Eddie a few kisses.

"Poppy you need to sleep in your own bed tonight" he tells her.

"Want me to go sleep somewhere else?" I ask him.

He shakes his head. Smiles. He picks up Poppy, sets her on the floor. "Go, get in your bed" he tells her. And of course she does.

"What I want you to do is take care of this. It needs your attention" he says and puts one of my hands on his dick.

I smile having this familiar dick in my hand. His beautiful dick. I've seen ugly ones, his is not. I always felt lucky, privileged almost to be able to enjoy his beautiful dick.

I kind of want to suck it. I love how his dick tastes. But we haven't fucked for a couple weeks so I think we should fuck.

"Can you get me hard?" he asks.

I smile at him, pull the covers back and start licking his dick. I put just the head into my mouth. I swirl my tongue around the tip. It feels weird that he's getting hard while in my mouth.

I slide his cock in a little deeper. He moans quietly. He reaches down and runs his fingers through my hair.

I slide his dick in and out a few times. Yeah, he's hard now. I feel a sense of pride.

"Hey! If you want to fuck don't do that much more, you're going to make me cum in your mouth" he tells me.

I slowly slide his dick out of my mouth. I lay up by him. "Well that won't do, I want to fuck."

"You need these off" he says pulling my undies down and off.

I wrap my arms around him, my legs around his, I roll over to my back bringing him with me.

"Fuck me Eddie...please."

His hips lift off of mine, then I feel his beautiful dick thrust into me. Filling me up.

I slowly moan, it sounds almost like a deep purring.

Fucking Eddie is always quite surreal. It's so amazing...And beautiful...And perfect. He knows exactly what he's doing. Knows how to angle himself so he rubs against my clit with each thrust. He's the only guy that can make me orgasm just fucking.

He's slowing down a bit. I know he's getting close. I shouldn't have sucked his dick. He's slowing down so hopefully I can cum before he does.

"Are you close?" he asks me.

I nod my head.

He angles his hips so his cock rubs on my clit even harder.

I gasp. Jesus this feels so amazing. Two more strokes against my clit is all I can take. I moan loudly, I pull him closer to me. "Eddie" I gasp a few times.

"Can I cum inside of you?" he asks.

I'm still enjoying my orgasm too much. I can't think. Fuck when was my period? 

I shake my head. "No don't. I don't know."

He pulls out quickly and my belly is covered in warm goo. He lays on me. In his pool of semen. I rub his back. He softly kisses my neck.

"I love you" I hear him quietly say.

How am I going to be able to watch him walk out the door tomorrow? I don't want him to go. 

I snuggle into him. We cuddle for a long time. I feel like I could fall asleep, but I feel his cock getting hard against my leg. I kiss him. Smile at this asshole. I position myself on him...straddling him since we're both ready for round two.

This is my life. I don't want it any different.