 He was walking… in a long, narrow room… wearing nothing but a hat. There were beautiful girls… on both sides of him… as he passed through. One called out… “He’s here! He’s here!”… and they flocked around him. He reached out… and handled many of their breasts. They didn’t seem to mind. He could feel several hands… roaming his genitals. It was ecstasy! He climaxed… shooting his cum onto countless hands… as they continued to play. Suddenly… the group dispersed… as one young woman… started to approach him. He couldn’t see her face… the light being too bright… but somehow he knew her… didn’t he? Just before the fire alarm went off… the letters D and H came to his mind. Fire alarm? Wha…

Kevin woke up and turned off the alarm clock. He was sweaty, and, he noticed, he had come in his sleep.

“Ugh, great,” he said to himself. He got cleaned up, dressed, ate, and went off to school.

He went to his morning class and tried paying attention to what Miss McDougal was saying, but ultimately failed. Miss McDougal was Kevin’s young history teacher, and she was incredibly attractive, both in face and body. None of the boys in class could ever really pay attention, (and the school stupidly wondered why the girls clearly had the higher scores in the class).

Right around noon, Kevin walked past the locker rooms on his way to the cafeteria. His eyes fell on the words “Girls Locker Room” and instantly his usual fantasy came to mind. It varied slightly from to day to day, but like every other day, he forced the thought out of his head again fairly quickly. If he dwelled on such “unholy” thoughts too much, he would never complete his senior year, (at least that’s what his father always said).

After school, Kevin biked home taking his usual route. He glanced away from the sidewalk for just a second, causing him to nearly run right into a man who seemed to have come out of nowhere.

“Jeez, watch it, man,” Kevin said.

“Oh, sorry about that,” the man replied, “Darn thing dropped me down too close again.” Having no idea what the man was talking about, Kevin started to ride off. “Hey wait a minute,” the man called after him, “What’s your hurry, Kev?” Kevin stopped again and turned around.

“How’d you know my name?”

“Lucky guess?” the man said, smiling. Kevin gave him a puzzled look. “Come on back, I have something for ya,” the stranger said. Kevin figured he probably shouldn’t, but the guy seemed harmless enough. Kevin rode back up to him and dropped the kickstand.

“Alright, so what’s this all about?” he asked. To answer his question, the man pulled an ordinary-looking white baseball cap out from behind his back and presented it as if it were something extraordinary and priceless. “No thanks, mister,” Kevin said, “I don’t really wear hats, they make my head itch.”

“Well maybe you ought to try it on for size anyway, just in case,” the man replied, his eyes sparkling. So Kevin, starting to feel impatient, tried the hat on to humor the man.

“Okay, it feels like a cap. So what?” The man pulled a mirror out of his pocket and showed it to Kevin. In it, Kevin could see the road behind him, the trees, and the blue sky… but not himself. “What the hell is going on here?” Kevin asked, startled.


“You’re invisible,” the man said simply, as if he had said it a hundred times before.

“Well yeah, but how?”

“On your head you’re wearing the ClearView 2.4, Model C – an invisibility cap,” the man said, as if he were doing a commercial. Kevin had to let his words sink in for a moment. He suddenly had so many questions he didn’t know where to start. The man, as if reading Kevin’s mind, started explaining. “This model here came out right around 2075 as I recall. My boss, Jerome Gates, gets his kicks by buying a bunch of these babies up and sending them back in time for me to distribute them. My computer locked on you, so, congratulations! Just don’t use it for evil; don’t change history too much, you know, common sense stuff. Seeya later, kid.” The man pulled some weird gadget out of his pocket and was about to push a flashing green button when Kevin broke in.

“Wait a second! What am I supposed to do with this thing?” The man patted him on the shoulder and said,

“I’m sure you’ll think of something,” and winked. Then, in the blink of an eye, he was gone.

It took Kevin a while to get his bike rolling again, and once he got going, the wheels in his head were still going much faster than the ones on his bike. A car passed by him, nearly knocking him off the road. He started to yell at the driver, then realized the problem. He was still invisible. He pulled the cap off his head, feeling foolish. He was obviously going to have to be more careful.

The next day, he arrived at school with the cap in his backpack. He walked past the locker rooms, same as every day, then stopped abruptly.

“The girls’ locker room,” he thought to himself, “Of course! How did I not think of that sooner? All I need to do is put on the ClearView and go right in. And after that, who knows?” He was filled with excitement, just at the thought of it all. He glanced at his watch. It was 7:55; five minutes until classes started. He didn’t think anyone was looking so he put on the hat, and went inside.

There were several girls inside already, getting changed for first period swim class. Kevin watched in awe as several of them got fully nude in order to put on their bathing suits. No one even looked in his direction as he began taking off his own clothes as well; (it seemed like a good idea at the time). When everything was off (except the cap of course), he went up and rubbed his hand against a pretty girl’s backside, feeling the warm flesh through her suit. She turned around to see who it was, but upon seeing no one there, she turned back again, confused.

“This is going to be great,” Kevin thought. But then class started and the girls all left the room and headed towards the pool. The place was empty in a few seconds. Kevin started to think that maybe he had timed this badly, but then he heard one of the showers switch off. He looked in the direction of the sound but didn’t see anyone. Then after a few moments, an attractive woman emerged, wearing one towel tied at her chest and another on her head. Kevin wondered briefly why she was in the girls’ locker room but then he recognized her. “Oh my God,” Kevin’s mind went, “It’s Miss McDougal!” His heart immediately exploded in his chest. He knew he had to take this opportunity or he would never forgive himself. He approached his teacher and stood right beside her as she worked the combination on one of the lockers. Kevin knew this was a delicate situation but he didn’t have time to think. He whispered her name, Sondra, into her ear. She jumped and looked in his direction. Her towel almost fell off, causing Kevin’s heart to skip another beat. Confused and a little scared, she asked,

“Who’s there?” Kevin ignored the question.

“Please,” he went on, “Trust me to give you the attention you deserve. You’re beautiful, Sondra, and your body is a magnificent work of art.” Having whispered that, Kevin started loosening her towel. He felt possessed. Maybe the cap had something to do with it.

“What are you doing?” she said, still dazed, clutching the towel to her chest.

“Shhhhh,” Kevin comforted her. He pulled her towel off revealing her flawless body. Kevin had fantasized about seeing it and now the privilege was his. Amazingly, she didn’t try to cover herself, because to her, there wasn’t anyone to hide her nudity from. Kevin’s eyes followed her curves, as she stood entranced, breathing heavily. Kevin touched her cheek with the backs of his fingers and whispered, “Everything’s alright; just let your self go. I’ll take care of the rest.” She closed her eyes and nodded. Kevin couldn’t be sure what was going through her mind, but he guessed it was a mixture of confusion, fear, excitement, and lust.

Kevin started fondling her large breasts, exhaling deeply as he did so. Kevin had felt nothing so wonderful before; they were beyond compare. He took her nipples into his mouth, going back and forth between her tits. He then knelt down, and started eating her delicious pussy, burying his face between her thighs. She was so smooth and warm inside. Kevin tried to imagine what this must look like - a woman wearing nothing but a towel on her head, leaning against a row of lockers, and seemingly being pleasured by no one at all. That’s what someone would have seen if they had happened by.

After several minutes of glorious, mouth-watering oral sex, Miss McDougal trembled and jerked from her orgasm, and would have fallen down if Kevin hadn’t caught her. Then Kevin pulled out all the stops and kissed his teacher deeply, thereby sharing some of her own juice with her. His hands returned to her perfect breasts; they just wouldn’t stay away. After that, he pulled back a few steps to enjoy one last glimpse of her nude form. She opened her eyes and looked around. Kevin thought she looked like she was just coming out of some type of hypnosis. Almost to herself she said,

“Thank you,” and then turned away. She pulled her towel back on and went about opening the locker and getting dressed. Kevin watched closely as her nakedness eventually disappeared behind her clothing. When she was dressed, Miss McDougal headed for the door. Kevin couldn’t resist touching her butt one last time as she walked by. She paused and turned around halfway. A little grin lit up her face, then she pushed the door open and finally left.

Eventually, the girls came back from the pool and headed for the showers. Kevin watched as quite a few of them pulled their tops and bottoms away, and even completely off in some cases, to wash underneath. Kevin was obviously incredibly horny at this point. As they all left the room and went to go dry off, Kevin figured he would just jack off and then leave. He knew it was no use trying anything with so many others around. He turned to go, but then stopped. One of the girls hadn’t left the shower room. She was just standing under the streaming water, and it looked like she was crying.

Kevin’s horniness subsided a little, not because of the girl’s looks, (she was beautiful), but because of the pain she was clearly in. He approached her cautiously. She looked vaguely familiar, but Kevin couldn’t seem to put a name to her face. By this time, all the other girls had gone off to class so Kevin just came right out and asked,

“What’s wrong?” She wasn’t as surprised as she could’ve been because of the sound of the water, but she was still startled.

“Who said that?” she asked, looking in his direction.

“Don’t worry about that,” Kevin answered, “Just tell me what happened. I’ll listen.” This seemed to make her more at ease. She turned off the water and folded her arms across her chest shyly.

“Well,” she began uncertainly, “It’s just that some of the other girls were teasing me because my… my chest isn’t as big as theirs, and it really upset me.” Kevin’s heart completely went out to her. After a moment, Kevin knew just what to say.

“Listen to me,” he told her, “Those other girls are jealous, because they know that they’ll never be as pretty as you are.” She looked in Kevin’s direction with hope in her eyes.

“Serious?” she asked, wiping her face.

“Dead serious,” he said, and truly meant it. The girl was overcome with emotion. It was beautiful to see. She reached in the direction of Kevin’s face, and found his mouth. She didn’t pull back. Instead, she surprised him by kissing him softly on the lips. When she retreated, Kevin saw she seemed to be considering something. Finally she said,

“You… you can have me, if you want.” Right after she said so, she reached down and moved aside the part of her suit that had been covering her crotch, causing Kevin to start to harden again. He was even more surprised by this gesture. Kevin had never felt so sincerely excited before.

“Are you… are you sure? You can’t even see me.”

“I know, but… I heard what you said, and… and that’s all I need.” Without further hesitation, Kevin took the girl’s other hand, and put it on his growing penis, making her gasp. She stroked him a few times to get a sense of how big he was, then pulled him towards her opening. He pushed into her and felt her break. She cringed a little and he asked if she was okay. She nodded. Kevin decided to be bold, and lifted her right off her feet. She wrapped her legs around his waist and her arms around his neck.

“Take me,” she whispered to him. Kevin was overwhelmed. It was different with this girl. With Miss McDougal it was lust. With this girl, it felt like love. He pushed as deeply as he could into her. It was beautiful the way they connected so well. Her vagina hugged his penis so tightly; similar to the way she was embracing him. Kevin went on thrusting, in and out of this wonderful girl. He had been a virgin too, and he couldn’t think of a better situation than this one to lose his virginity in. He was nearing his climax and it sounded as if she was too. After a few more deep thrusts, they came perfectly at the same time. Kevin opened his eyes and saw how beautiful she looked as she came down from her orgasm, it was the most wonderful sight he’d ever seen. He couldn’t resist kissing her then, and she gladly kissed back. After a few seconds, Kevin asked,

“What’s your name?”

“Denise,” she answered, between breaths, “Denise Harrison.”

“D and H,” Kevin said before even realizing what he was saying.

“What?”

“Never mind,” he answered. “I have to go, but I’ll find you again, Denise.”

“What’s your name?”

“Kevin,” he said as he raced out of the locker room, pulling on his clothes as he went. He wasn’t sure why he felt the need to escape. Maybe he thought he would burst with excitement if he didn’t. Denise was a dream come true, and he would find her at the end of the day, without the cap on. That thought reminded him. He pulled the cap off as he turned a corner and stuffed it into his backpack. He rushed into Miss McDougal’s class, twenty minutes into the lesson.

“Kevin, you’re late,” Miss McDougal said as he hurried over to his seat.

“Sorry, Sondra,” he said purposely, as he went by.

“What did you say?”

“I said ‘Sorry, ma’am’.” His teacher gave him a funny look. Then realization wiped the look away.

“Oh my God,” she uttered, putting her hand on her cheek. A curious murmur swept over the class. Kevin just smiled innocently.

After school, Kevin found Denise and started following her home. When they were alone, he caught up to her.

“Denise,” he called out. She turned around, looking more beautiful than ever. Kevin wondered if he had something to do with that.

“Yes?”

“I… I wanted to talk to you,” Kevin said awkwardly. How was he going to tell her?

“Okay,” she said, somewhat confused. Kevin looked down, trying to think. Then the words came back to him. He looked up and said,

“Those other girls… are jealous, because they know that they’ll never be as pretty as you are.”

Denise stood frozen for a moment. She tried to speak. Tears started running down her face. She rushed towards Kevin and wrapped her arms tightly around his neck. Kevin hugged her back, with all his heart. When she pulled out of the hug, Denise looked at Kevin, finally able to really see him.

“Hi,” she said, with a big smile.

“Hi,” he answered back. He put his arm around her, and they walked on together.