 It'd been almost a week now, and Naija was better than she'd been in over a year. It was hard to need to hide the recovery she'd made, but she knew that if she showed a sudden turnaround, her father and doctors would ask questions. It was weird, before she'd been sick and trying to look healthy, now it was the other way around. She was quiet as Marcus pulled the car into the garage of his house, and she followed him inside. They'd spent much of the day at a state park nearly an hour away, hiking and enjoying the fresh air and nature.

It'd been fantastic to take a nice, long hike without wearing out near the beginning of the trail, and he'd packed a picnic for them – mostly healthy stuff like fruit and whole grain bread for the sandwiches, but he'd also brought a pack of Oreos. They'd finished the pack between them on the way home, but she couldn't be bothered to care that she'd consumed half a pack of cookies in a day. These Oreos were fucking delicious, damnit.

After the relatively short time she'd spent here, Marcus's house was almost as familiar as her own apartment. Who knew that Marcus, the stiff, wooden nerd could be such a sex god at times? They'd turned out quite creatively with their hands, mouths, and the toys, of which Marcus had purchased a couple of additional ones. Naija stopped short of having intercourse, because she was worried about moving the relationship too quickly. Her world and expectations had changed so rapidly within the span of less than a month, and she was still orienting herself to a new reality.

o0o

Marcus went to set the cooler he'd brought for their picnic on the kitchen counter before he turned towards Naija. "I'd like to check your blood pressure and all that, if you don't mind. You went through a lot today."

"Isn't that the point?" Naija asked with a cheerful smile.

He smiled back. "This is the most activity you've done in a long time, especially with your illness. I could see you struggled a bit in some places, but it has been a while since your muscles were worked so hard. Also, scientific data?" he added.

She rolled her eyes but grinned before going off to freshen up while he put dishes in the sink. He thought of her pert ass sauntering in front of him, clad in a pair of comfortable yoga pants. He could not help but imagine himself pounding into her from behind, seeing her ass bounce against his pelvis. That thought had him stirring, and he bit back a groan. They'd gotten frisky several more times, but Naija had never allowed it to progress to intercourse.

Marcus kept his desire in check and respected her boundaries, but sometimes it was very difficult. She was eager enough to do certain things to make him cum, but there was nothing that could replace the sensations and experience of mating. He ached to take her, to press her close against his body while he buried himself in her depths...

Fifteen minutes later, they were in the lab he had in his basement, and he was taking her vitals, quickly typing them down into his tablet. Clad in his white lab coat, he knew he cut quite the figure to his patient. The garment certainly wasn't absolutely needed, but he didn't miss the glint of appreciation in her eyes when he put it on. Women really did like men in uniform, he mused.

"Everything looks great. Blood sugar is a bit high, but we did have all these Oreos."

Naija smirked as she sat there in the chair, comfortably reclined.

"It's been a week now, and things are going along just as expected, factoring in your overall health before the serum was administered, as compared to mine. You are going to be hitting a plateau, and you can go on about as normal for the time being. I won't need to test as often."

"Good. It'll be nice to not deal with needles so much."

He gave her a regretful smile, and she shook her head. "Just a comment. I know you do what you need to do."

"I have tried to make the exams as pleasant as possible," he replied with a faintly sly tone. When he'd checked her heart, his hand had slid along her breast. He felt her taut nipple under the fabric of her shirt, and had to keep himself from lightly pinching it.

"I know. And again, I really appreciate everything you've done for me. She rose from her chair, coming to stand at his side. She rested her head against his shoulder, loosely wrapping her arms around him. He leaned back into her embrace, turning his head to brush his lips against her cheek. She smelled of sweat and pine, along with a faint trace of smoke and perfume. His groin ached, and he was reminded of his lecherous thoughts from earlier. He twisted around in his chair, wrapping his arms around her and pulling her into his lap.

"It was the best day I've had in so long. And sharing it with you was really nice." She kissed his cheek before raising her head back up. "I'm going to go take a shower. I'll buy dinner tonight, how's that?" she asked. Before he could respond, she slid off his lap, and was out the door.

He blinked before letting out a slow sigh, running his thumb along the aching flesh that strained against his pants.

o0o

As Naija relaxed in the shower, she thought of Marcus's obvious desire when he had pulled her into his lap. She wanted to be fucked, and was tired of fighting the urge. Oral play, or using their hands or toys only went so far. She ached for total satisfaction.

Fuck it. A few days of teasing and playing was enough. Wrapping a towel around herself, she left the bathroom, grabbing something and making her way to her lover.

He was in the den, a tumbler of brandy next to him as he read his tablet, a couple of medical and scientific magazines sitting near the drink.

She was still in her towel, which hung snugly against her breasts and hips, the dark red color complementing her pale cinnamon-colored skin. In her hand was the dildo, now bearing a suction cup attachment at the base. Placing this on the polished wood floor in front of him, she tossed her towel in his direction, aiming carefully so it didn't hit his drink.

She licked her lips at him mischievously before turning around so her back was to him, and started to lower herself, bending over so he could see her finger herself as she hovered above the toy, its silicon translucence making it look like glass. She moaned his name as she fingered herself, certain she had his rapt attention now.

The sound of a zipper coming undone met her ears, and she grinned to herself. She moaned his name, looking over her shoulder at him. He was reclined in the plush chair, his desire firmly in hand as he stared down at her. She ached more fiercely as she watched him manipulate himself in long, slow strokes.

Bingo! She fingered herself a bit longer before lowering herself to the dildo, wiggling around provocatively as she slid down on it, her pert behind bouncing as she shook it back and forth. Once she was completely impaled, she started to slide up and down on it, at first in a slow rhythm.

She took her time, moaning at the fulness inside of her. Like Marcus, no doubt, she imagined his cock in place of the dildo, and moved around on it provocatively, thrusting, wiggling, and gyrating, slowly increasing the pace. As she imagined Marcus under her, she moaned out his name several times.

"Marcus, Marcus..." Naija groaned in delight, impaling herself over and over. "Oh, Marcus..." Her ass bounced u and down with her movements.

o0o

He rose from his chair, closing in on her and dropping to his knees beside her. He kissed and nipped at her neck, his hands reaching around to squeeze her breasts. He lingered there only for a moment before lifting her off of the toy. She offered no protest as he bit her shoulder gently, one hand lifting up to tug her damp hair.

The other arm wrapped around her, his fingers rubbing at her pussy as he backed quickly toward the chair. Plopping down, he wiggled around, positioning himself as he shimmied his pants and underwear past his knees.

During this time, Naija had ample opportunity to stop him or tell him no. When he placed his hands on her hips, positioning her, she let herself drop down on him.

Heat engulfed him, and a low groan burst from his throat. Her fingers dug into the arms of the chair as she wiggled around on him.

"This what you wanted?" he teased, once again nipping at her neck as he plowed into her from behind.

"Ye... yes..." Naija moaned. "You didn't think I brought that dildo out just so I could give you another blow- or handjob?" she managed to say between their heated movements. One hand remained on her hips, and the other one went up her neck, fingers curling into much of her thick, dark hair.

o0o

The feel of him inside of her, his body against hers... it was better than she'd even hoped for. She clenched around him in eager welcome, wiggling against him as she felt him thrust into her. The fact that he'd grabbed her and pulled her hair like he did only enhanced the experience, and she cried out his name as he placed his hand around her throat so he could pull her even closer to himself, his breath hot in her ear.

Marcus thrust into her, hard and deep, moaning low against her ear. He was holding nothing back, putting all that pent up energy and desire into each and every thrust, from the feel of it.

"Cum for me," he urged through clenched teeth, his free hand reaching around to rub her clit as he took her. "Mmm, Naija," he growled. "I need to feel you explode on my cock."

"You don't need to ask twice." And with the fierceness of his passion, her orgasm was not long in coming. She screamed his name as waves of pleasure rolled over her, and she clenched around him, feeling like a velvet vise as she wiggled against him.

Before long he came, bursting inside her with a low, loud moan. He held her against him as he filled her, his thrusts finally slowing, though losing none of their power. His legs shook beneath him as he ran his hands over her, through her hair, along her breasts, knowing she'd be sensitive from the lingering orgasm. Of course, he was too, and the sensation of running his hands over soft, smooth skin was an incredible one.

"Mmm... Marcus... I don't think I will be needing that dildo anymore. Unless you would rather I keep it so I can put on more shows for you," she said wit a small chuckle, keeping him within her as she stretched in his lap, the back of her head resting on his chest.

"Keep it," he murmured, running his hands through her hair, kissing her back and neck, leaning into her touches. "I'd certainly be up for more shows. Of course, I'll always prefer it when you use the real thing." Marcus shifted his hips, reminding her of that very fact.

She grinned at that, and rewarded his compliment with a long, slow clench that gave him something akin to a mini-orgasm. "I will be keeping in mind, then," Naija quipped as she nuzzled the side of his face. He returned her affection in kind, occasionally turning to peck her cheek. His arms wrapped strongly around her, holding Naija to his body, shifting in the chair to get a bit more comfortable. "So what now?" he murmured, lowly.

"We cuddle? And then have more sex?"

His hand reached up to caress her stomach. "In this case, the doctor will be taking advice from the patient." His teeth lightly nibbled along her ear.

She looked down, tugging up the light gray shirt he'd changed into, running her nails along his pale flesh. Circling his nipples, she pinched and rubbed them, hearing him groan softly as his flesh stirred to life again.

"Do you want me to fuck you, hard?" he growled lowly as he tangled his fingers into her hair, renewed passion bringing an edge of aggression with it.

"Yes. God, yes," she responded eagerly, wiggling around on him and ensuring his full hardness before he pulled her off him and led her over to the couch where he bent her over the back of it.

"Brace yourself then, because I've been wanting this for too long." With that pronouncement, he plunged into her, opening her with a fierceness that teetered on the edge of painful. She was filled so suddenly and thoroughly that for several moments, all she could do was register the presence, and very feel of him against and within her. She looked over her shoulder at him before he pulled back and shoved forward.

A sharp gasp tore itself from her throat as he thrust into her several more times, pressing her stomach into the cushions on the back of the couch. Her hands groped around the cushions for a bit before she found leverage, and braced herself against the fierce assault. It was as if seducing him had unleashed a primal force within him, and it was now sating itself upon her.

She found her hair being grabbed again, and firmly but with care, he pulled her head up. His other hand reached just below her neck, fingers splaying along her collarbone as he held her close, maintaining a fierce rhythm as he panted and growled against her ear. She braced herself against the couch as he continued his heated dance, giving her a particularly vicious thrust when he climaxed.

His hand slid up her throat, caressing it as her jugulars throbbed in the afterglow of his passion. She panted softly in his grip as he pressed his lips along her temple, cheek, and ear.

"Mine," he whispered heatedly, swaying his hips, causing her to shiver at the pleasant friction.

She moaned softly and nodded before he pulled out of her, leaving her feeling bereft. His fingers disentangled themselves from her hair, and she slowly turned around as he stared down at her. He was now blushing, a sheepish half-grin on his lips.

"Sorry about what I said before. I got a little carried away." He rubbed the back of his head as he said it.

"It was pretty hot, actually."

"... Oh?"

She nodded before placing her hands on his chest. "I enjoyed the roughness. Who would have thought a nerd could be so fierce?" she teased.

"So... you like fierceness, huh?" he asked, his voice becoming husky as he cupped her face within his hands. She squirmed in delight as she felt him poking gently against her, just above her pelvis.

"Yes," she admitted. Despite the long hike she'd had with Marcus today, she didn't feel tired out as she might have expected. Her hands moved down her chest, nails scraping gently along his sides and hips. His manhood twitched against her.

He maneuvered them so that she was now laying across the couch, one leg draped over the side. He climbed on top of her, and she wrapped an arm around his middle as he nudged himself into her slick channel. Even after being so well-fucked, Naija still responded to him as fiercely as she had before, wiggling around against him as he sunk in deeper.

Her nails raked down his back as he pumped into her firmly, pressing her into the cushions.

"Yes! Harder!" she gasped as he rode her fiercely, seeming to put all of himself into every thrust. His gaze seared down into her, seeming to reach into her very soul as he took possession of her body. Every nerve ending she possessed felt as if they were hyper-sensitized, and she spread herself further, affording him every bit of depth she had. Bracing one hand on the couch, he reached behind her head, grabbing hold of her hair before pulling her into a fierce kiss, his tongue sliding into her mouth.

Naija offered easy admittance, her hand reaching down to grab one of his buttocks, feeling the flex as he moved. He growled against her mouth, and even after he climaxed, he thrust into her firmly, drawing out her own pleasure before he finally pulled out, flopping down beside her.

o0o

Only after his third orgasm did Marcus feel himself start to soften to a significant degree. It was almost like having Viagra, only he didn't need to take any actual pills. For several moments, he lay there with his eyes closed, reaching out to rest a hand against Naija's thigh. After more moments, she wiggled closer, loosely spooning against him, fingers trailing along his stomach.

He basked in the pleasing attention, letting her touch him as she would.

"If you keep doing that, that will get me going again. Do you think you can handle that?" he teased.

"You're the doctor here, Marcus. What is your recommendation?" Her fingers slid along his thigh, mere centimeters from his penis.

"You certainly have been very... robust thus far. I don't see why we can't go another couple of rounds, provided you stay hydrated, and get ample rest after."

"As long as you're the one to take care of me..." came her coy tone, whispered into his ear. He smirked faintly at that and opened his eyes, looking at her.

"You will have my undivided attention," he promised. With a contented purr, she slid on top of him.