 Max woke up and startled, she didn't recognize this room at all. The last thing she remembered was Jack stroking her hair while she'd cuddled into his bare chest.

She remembered being polarized while on one hand she was so aroused by the contact of his naked flesh she'd wondered if she could reach orgasm just having him stroke her hair, and conversely she'd been more relaxed and peaceful than ever. She must have drifted off. The idea of Jack carrying her to bed made her smile. She got out of bed still in her sweats and wandered out into the hall in search of the bathroom.

She then made her way down to the kitchen and noticed a note on the table. 

Good morning gorgeous I hope you had a good night's sleep. I had to head in to work and didn't want to wake you. The coffee is ready to brew just push the start button and help yourself to anything you want. There is a key on the hook by the door so you can lock up. I'll see you at noon. 

Jack

P. S. I'm glad you came over last night. 

Max grinned as she pressed the start button on the coffee machine. She headed to her car and grabbed her bag bringing it back into the house. As she looked for a water glass to take her pill. She noticed Jack had a Vitamix, she had been coveting Kat's for a while now and decided to put it to work realizing that Jack was every bit the health nut he appeared to be. She grabbed some, kale, pineapple, chia seeds and coconut water and threw them into the blender. Within seconds it was perfectly liquefied, she needed to get herself one of these. She realized sadly that she didn't have a home to put one in at the moment. Grabbing her beverages she headed outside to explore and see if there was anywhere to sit. 

She didn't need to go far as the long wrap around deck had a beautiful wooden swing that looked out into the woods. She sat and enjoyed her breakfast while watching the birds dance through the trees. After coffee she went back in and found Gumbo still sleeping on the loveseat, she woke him with a petting and found his leash so she could take him for a stroll around Jack's property.

They ventured around back and Max was awestruck by the beauty before her. There was an enormous meticulously kept vegetable garden. Her and Gumbo walked the rows the air was perfumed with heirloom tomato plants and rich earth. Noticing that there was a large raspberry bush along the edge of the woods she picked them and popped them into her mouth letting their tangy sweetness explode across her tastebuds. 

If someone entered her mind and created the most perfect place in the world for her, they would have come up with this. It was heaven here. And Gumbo seemed to agree, his big goofy dog grin making her even happier. 

***

Geoff opened his eyes feeling like they had razors in them, his mouth tasted like he'd been eating sand. As he rolled to his side to sit up his head throbbed. There was a nearly empty bottle of Appletons on his night table. He grabbed it and took the last couple ounces down in one gulp hoping it would dull the pain. It didn't. 

He looked to Max's side of the bed and his chest tightened. 

"It's over Geoff."

Max was gone. On this day just last week she had woken him with an earth shattering blow job. 

Geoff walked naked to the bathroom to relieve himself. He had hoped Max would call him or come home. They needed to talk about this. After 6 years it couldn't just be done. 

He grabbed his phone to check if she'd messaged him and discovered he had drunkenly sent her a half a dozen pathetic messages. Fuck. She hadn't even read them. Where was she? Was she over at Kat's crying and bashing him? He'd known Kat wasn't his biggest fan she was probably loving this. It was 11 am Geoff knew Max would head to the gym soon to work out with the fucking Adonis Jack. His face puckered at the thought. 

Downstairs He went to the fridge noticing a few gym day passes held by a magnet. As he cracked a beer, he decided he might crash their session. He wouldn't approach them but he'd be there and be visible. His headache cleared as he took a deep pull from his beer. 

He would see Max maybe she'd want to talk to him. His smile growing as he got himself ready. 

***

An hour later Geoff used all of his wits to appear casual while he strolled into the free weights section. He saw them right away looking like spokespeople for the place. Jack was benching and Max was spotting him. Geoff stared at them, bile rising in his throat as he watched Max smile at Jack and chatting as though she hadn't a care in the world when her marriage was ending. She looked like she was having the best day of her life. As though sensing him she looked up and her face transitioned from carefree to stoney in seconds.

Geoff smiled warmly and nodded to her she continued staring until Jack noticed and sat up on the bench. Jack looked to Max and Geoff heard him ask her if she was ok or if she wanted to leave. Max shook her head and then deliberately set herself onto the bench and started her presses. Jack followed her lead and pretended Geoff wasn't even there. Soon they were back to smiling and chatting amicably. Geoff half assed his way through a workout before heading to the lobby.

He figured if he could catch Max on her way out alone maybe she'd be more receptive. He waited an hour before seeing her exit the change room looking flawless in black curve hugging shorts and a periwinkle sleeveless top, her hair was styled in a perfect blowout and all of her skills as a makeup artist showing on her face. His heart skipped a beat as he B lined for her. She didn't stop for him. 

"I'm not ready Geoff. I promise I'll call you when I am. You need to give me room to breathe," 

Geoff matched her pace. 

"Max," he pleaded "I'm a fucking mess without you, please let me make this right I'll do anything." 

Max finally stopped no anger in her eyes not even hurt she was looking at him with pity. His insides boiled. 

"There is no making this 'right' Geoff. I meant it when I said it was over. We will talk soon to arrange who gets what and a legal separation but you need to understand that there is no repair for this. We cannot ever move forward healthily after this. Move on Geoff," She said with as much compassion as she could but still it felt like she had poured acid all over him. 

He didn't want her compassion he wanted her love, her trust, her respect and admiration. 

Geoff smouldered as he stared at her unable to formulate a response to her bleak statement. With nothing left to say Max turned and left him alone in the lobby with his misery. How was she so ok with this? Geoff felt like there was a raging fire in his body chewing everything up. 

He turned and realized Jack was looking at him from across the lobby. Wearing a crisp shirt and a badge Geoff stalked over to him and even at 6 feet he had to look up to him. 

"Don't you fucking touch her," Geoff growled

Jack smiled, 

"I guess that's the advice you should have given yourself with your mistress."

Geoff's entire body tensed. 

"She's my wife!" He said through clenched teeth. 

"I will not discuss the relationship Max and I have with you." Jack replied decently. As he turned away Geoff noticed the Dr. In front of his name on his badge. He almost groaned out loud. What bullshit was that. Of course the guy coming onto his wife is not only a herculean dream boat, but he's also a God damn doctor. A flash of brilliance came to him. 

"She has gonorrhea!" He blurted almost to Jack's back. 

"I gave it to her that's how she found out about Jess" it was humiliating to share this with Jack. But he knew it would turn him off. Keep him from fucking her. Jack barely paused before continuing away from Geoff. 

***

Jess was setting tables for service when Geoff walked in. He looked terrible, and his odour was pungent. His bright red hair tousled the scent of alcohol and body odour wafted behind him. He acknowledged no one as he made his way to the back. 

"Did Max finally kick him to the curb for fucking you?" Jess was startled out of her reverie She hadn't even noticed Antonio had been beside her. 

Her mouth fell open. 

"Everyone knows. You guys weren't exactly discreet."

She shrugged her shoulders so what who cares anymore about who was fucking who. They were consenting adults. Jess winced as she bent to put silverware in a booth. 

"Rough night?" Antonio quipped. 

Jess smiled wickedly, "Absolutely. It was glorious. " 

If she would be the workplace slut, she may as well embrace the title. 

Jess had gone to the clinic yesterday and gotten tested for everything. Sean had come with her. He was still processing everything but said he would accept an open relationship so long as she was safe. 

But Jess didn't love being safe. She loved a man cumming inside her. She needed it to get off. She would try though, she was lucky to get away with something curable. Sean also said he would get back in shape and pay more attention to her. She would believe that when she saw it. She had secretly hoped he would dump her so she could be rid of him. 

She walked by a group of servers and overheard Ana-llLise saying

"He looks like shit. I guess his wife left him a couple days ago. Doesn't look like he's taking it well." 

"I bet I could help him get over it," Said Corinna with a wink and they all giggled about how bad she was.

Jess chimed in from the outskirts, "It's ok ladies I've got that covered."

A few jaws dropped in surprise as Jess turned on her heel and sashayed to the pass leaning in so Geoff could hear her on the other side. 

"Want me to help you forget your troubles tonight?" 

Geoff looked up at her as if she had insulted him. 

"Are you well?" he said coldly, "How many guys are you fucking anyway? You're a cum dumpster Jess."

Undeterred Jess offered

"I can bring Corinna. Turns out she has a thing for you and this entire heartbroken divorcee shit seems to be her thing."

Geoff looked up at Corinna appraisingly. She was a curvy brunette if he was drunk enough he could pretend she was Max. 

"Ok. It's a date now get out of here I'm trying to work,"

Jess smiled and left the pass. Now she had to reel Corinna in. Jess preferred dick but accepted cunt in desperate times. 

She walked over while Corinna was grabbing her tray. 

"You want to come to Geoff's with me tonight. Have drinks see where the night takes us?" 

Corinna's eyes leapt from her sockets

"Are you asking what I think you are?" She gasped. 

Jess could see her pulse quicken in her throat. She could pretend she was shocked and appalled but she was into it. 

"It will help him get through this I think." 

Corinna glanced to Geoff who didn't seem to notice her ever.

"He wants me to come?" she said insecurely like a high schooler admitting to a crush. 

"Ya said I couldn't come over if I didn't bring you." Jess added to boost her confidence. 

Corinna paused

"I'll let you know by the end of the night," 

And she took off busying herself with jobs that didn't need doing. 

Halfway through the night while they were both waiting at the pass for their food Geoff looked up and offered one of his heart stopping boyish smiles. 

"What should I get us for drinks tonight Corinna? You have a preference?"

On the spot Corinna flushed

"I like tequila." 

Geoff honed his smile in on her 

"All right I'll grab that after work and meet your ladies at my place," He passed over a chit with his address written on it. And then passed them their orders. 

Jess grinned at the thought of another night of debauchery. She would need to get wasted though she might even take tylenol to help with the pain from a few nights ago. 

***

It was 11 pm when Jess rolled up to the modern looking garden home that belonged to the address Geoff had given them. 

Corinna looked nervous. 

"Don't worry. It's gonna be fun," Jess said encouragingly. 

With that they headed for the door which Geoff opened wearing only a towel. 

Jess was relieved he'd showered. 

"Come on in don't mind the mess,"

The home was nothing like Jess expected it was so personalized and warm. 

"I'm just gonna go throw clothes on there are drinks in the fridge help yourselves," 

Jess walked to the fridge and poured them each triple sunrises. They were on drink number two when Geoff returned already holding a rum and coke. He tossed a packet of condoms onto the table before turning to Corinna giving his best smile, 

"I need you to know there is no pressure for you to stay if this doesn't feel right. You need to know I'm not looking for anything serious and I don't want any drama at work. My wife just left me and I'm willing to do anything I can to get her out of head. You're hot as hell and if you'll let me I'd love to fuck you tonight, but I won't be mad if you decide to go."

Right there his most honest pitch ever. Corinna drained her drink and stood up. Geoff assumed she would head out the door, but she walked over to him bolstered by 6 quick ounces of tequila and she kissed him.

Her lips on him so fast he didn't even realize it was happening until he was reciprocating. As she kissed him, she pushed him towards the couch until she pushed him into a seated position sloshing his drink everywhere. She hiked up her skirt and crawled onto his lap straddling him. Jess stood up, circling behind Corinna where she reached down and pulled the hem of Corinnas shirt up over her head exposing her huge breasts Geoff pulled Corinnas ass down onto his lap and kissed her passionately while she ground on his hard on. Calming her jealousy Jess allowed her hands to travel down Corinna's back to the clip on her bra. Releasing her enormous globes. They had to be at least E's. Geoff's hands left her ass to cup them. Corinna bucked up and leaned back still grinding her cunt on Geoff's boner through his pants and her underwear. Geoff took the invitation and buried his face in her tits kissing them and then nipping at her nipples. She gasped in surprise and ground herself into him harder. Jess reached forward grabbing one of Corinna's breasts and leaned in kissing her on the lips. 

"I want to fuck you" Corinna almost whispered as she mashed herself against Geoff. Not needing any further encouragement, Geoff pushed his pants off his hips and down his legs. Jess opened a packet and passed him a condom which he rolled on with ease. He shoved her panties to the side and positioned the head of his cock into her opening. Holy fuck she was tight, despite how hot and wet she was Geoff couldn't get his dick more than a few inches into her. Jess pushed Corinna down by the shoulders and Corinna yelped as she expanded to take him in. 

"Oh fuck ya," Geoff groaned as it finally engulfed him. "You're so fucking tight" 

Geoff scooped his hips up thrusting into her a few times. 

"I'm a virgin."Corinna said in response breathlessly. 

Geoff stopped mid thrust and looked at her. His dick buried deep inside her. 

"You're joking right?" He asked incredulous. 

She moved her hips timidly sliding up and down his shaft he cursed as he succumbed, grabbing her ass so he could get deeper

"I'm not joking," She was still rocking on his hips, adept for a virgin. She looked him in the eyes, "It's ok. I want this" 

She rolled her eyes back as she rocked her hips faster Geoff grabbed her hips and helped settle her into a rhythm Jess's hands kneading her tits and kissing her. Corinna's rhythm stopped and her body froze Geoff felt her tighten so excessively that he felt like his dick was In a Chinese finger trap. With difficulty he slid in and out of her a few more times to get her over the top. Her entire body relaxed, and she moaned as her pussy spasmed around his cock she looked drunk as she stood up and stepped aside. Jess was already naked and getting ready for her turn turning her back to Geoff she stood with her legs together between his legs she lowered herself until she was hovering above his prick. She surprised him by positioning him into her asshole. He groaned as she got him all the way in. Geoff grabbed her hips and slammed into her ass. Corinna had gone to get another drink and was now back. She crawled onto the couch beside Geoff and kissed him. 

"Sit on my face." Geoff said as she came up for air. Her eyes widened Geoff laughed

"If you don't like it you can get off."

Corinna cautiously threw her leg over him. He leaned his head back on the couch and released his grip on Jess to guide Corinna. Jess was unphased panting and moaning as she impaled herself on him over and over. With Corinna positioned so her ass was over his nose and her pussy over his mouth he licked and tongue thrusting as he replaced his hands to Jess' hips. Jess stuffed her fingers into her pussy and nearly buckled at the feeling of fullness as she rode in deep circles. She was going to cum. Behind her she could hear the sloppy sound of Geoff sucking Corinnas clit. And Corinna was shrieking with delight. The heat built in Jess and she released at the same time she heard Corinna scream out as she came, hard from the sound. Corinnas pussy muffled Geoff's groans but Jess felt his cock throb as he slammed her onto it releasing himself into the condom. Corinna moved off of his face and lay exhausted but smiling beside them on the couch. 

"so that's what it's all about then?" She breathed. 

Geoff pushed Jess off of him and rolled the full condom off and tying it neatly. He got up and crossed the room throwing it into the trash. 

"Ya sums it up," Geoff answered grabbing his drink from the table and draining it. As he put his pants back on he acknowledged Corinna smiling. "You enjoy yourself?" she nodded as she took Geoff's cue and got dressed. 

"Better than I expected, everyone says the first time sucks, that didn't suck," 

Jess was the only person not putting her clothes back on. She sat sipping her drink watching them. 

"That's it? One round?" She asked teasing, "I was hoping for a marathon."

Geoff side eyed her, "Go home and fuck your boyfriend if you're not satisfied."

Corinnas mouth fell open. Jess was stung but rallied giggling chugging the rest of her drink. 

"Maybe I will." She winked as she got dressed. She didn't want to overstay her welcome Geoff was already annoyed with her she didn't want to push him away. 

Geoff walked them to the door and thanked them for coming over. As he leaned over to grab door for them Jess planted a warm kiss on his lips something he usually tried to avoid with her. He kissed back but only slightly and that would have been enough for Jess if he didn't go to Corinna and kiss her hard grabbing her ample ass cheeks in his hands. He closed his eyes and deepened the kiss pressing her into the wall of the hallway. It went on for what felt to be like forever but was only like 5 minutes. The way Geoff was getting into it she thought they might start fucking again right there with her watching. Finally Geoff pulled away opening his eyes he gave her a half smile. 

"Thanks for coming tonight Corinna. See you at work tomorrow." He winked and squeezed her ass one more time. 

The door closed behind them. Jess was seething with jealousy but hid it under a veil of over abundant enthusiasm as she drove her home. Girl talking about the night and Geoff and both agreeing they should do it again. By the time Jess had dropped her off she had decided she hated Corinna and her giant tits and tight little virgin pussy.