 Jack sat in his office Friday morning trying to focus on work. He had cancelled his massage with Max because he felt like it would be inappropriate to pay her to touch him now. 

He knew it was the right choice, but right now he really wished he'd made the wrong choice instead. 

Max had spent the night at her friend Katrina's last night and Jack had had some friends over for a very cliché poker night.

He hadn't seen her since Geoff had maliciously spilled her confidential medical information to him. 

Jack seldom felt this kind of antipathy for another human. To sink so low and attempt to humiliate your estranged wife was deplorable. 

And the reality was Jack really didn't care. First and foremost, he and Max were nowhere near penetrative sex right now. They were still just getting to know each other. Secondly, Jack always used protection unless he attended a clinic with a partner, they both received clean results and there was another contraceptive in play. Jack wasn't a slave to his dick like Geoff seemed to be, just putting it wherever and hoping for the best. Jack took excellent care of his sexual hygiene. 

Sébastien knocked loudly on his office door, entering at the same time, forcing Jack back to reality. 

"Jack! What time are you heading to the airport tomorrow morning? Can you pick me up on the way? We can split the park and fly fee." Sebastien had a loud, boisterous way of talking that made Jack envision exclamation marks after every few words. 

Jack stared at him confused. Then it clicked. The conference in Osaka he and 1200 other sports medicine physicians would be attending. 

He had been so caught up with Max he had completely forgotten about it, but covered it expertly. "Yes, of course. I'll pick you up at nine."

Sebastian nodded and headed off. 

The conference was slated to be three days. This would only be his second year attending and he was genuinely excited to hear some of the keynote speakers this year. 

He realized he hadn't made arrangements for Gumbo while he was away. He was about to call the kennel when his phone chimed. 

Max

Hey! You canceled your appointment this morning. Alice is devastated. She even bought you special tea cookies. 

Jack smiled as an idea came to him. 

Give her my sincerest apologies, I'd be happy to come have tea with her anytime, but today I got a little swamped at the clinic. 

I'm leaving for a conference tomorrow and I'll be gone a few days. Would you be willing to stay at my place and take care of the pooch? Maybe even the garden if you're so inclined? No pressure, but I figured you could use a space to unwind as much as I could use some help. 

Max

Oh I don't know, spend a few nights tending to a gorgeous garden and and cuddling an adorable dog? Of course I'm down . Would you mind showing me around and where everything is tonight after the gym?

Jack beamed at his phone

Yes, ma'am, I will make you dinner and walk you through it. See you tonight. 

His day flew past him in a blur of patients and paper work until finally it was time to meet Max. 

Stopping at Sebastians office on his way out he called to him, "I'm off. See you at nine sharp." 

Sebastian waved him off, as he was desperately trying to catch up on his files before heading to Japan. 

Jack changed quickly and met Max in the lobby. She looked incredible in a matching Lulu lemon ensemble that showed every incredible curve of her body. He walked behind her up the stairs and it took all of his will power not to ogle her hypnotic backside the entire climb. 

They settled into a routine, but before long, Max, who was mid row, peeked over at him.. 

"What's your conference about?" she asked casually. 

"It's about everything, really. Mostly biomechanics, but there have been some interesting developments in how to make sport's and physical activity more inclusive, and ways to make it more accessible and prevent injury for the every person. Which is something I'm passionate about. I want everyone in the world to reach their own personal physical potential, but so many enter the world of fitness, with it's cookie cutter training programs, and they get overwhelmed or injured. If you judge a fish's athletic performance based on its ability to climb a tree it will be considered a failure . But when you ask it to swim it can realize its full potential. There's also a track about kinesiogenomics which discusses the role genetics play in movements and I find that extremely compelling." 

Max was watching him intently, her lips curling at the edge. "Sounds like it's going to be an incredible experience. You are going to get to meet professionals from around the world that share your passion."

Jack beamed. "I know! I'm sports geeking pretty hard this year because I'm going to get to hear Johan Pion speak about motor skills acquisition and it was his research that turned the course of my career. I'm pretty excited about it." 

Max looked genuinely excited for him and that made him even more excited.

***

Jack was walking beside Max, through his garden, showing her what everything was and giving a few tips for care. He had a metal bowl with him which he was using to collect some tomatoes, spinach, basil and garlic scapes. As they rounded the end of the garden Gumbo came bounding back up from the creek. Filthy and thrilled about it, he ran right for Max who shrieked as the big soggy dog stopped right in front of her and shook himself off.

"Gumbo! You rude boy, get out of here! " Jack said, stepping in front of Max to shield her, while simultaneously trying to protect his bowl of harvest from the muddy spray. 

They both laughed as the dog stood there tilting his head, looking at them, unsure why they had stopped walking. He came and rubbed his wet head on Max's leg, and she gave in and pet the giant skull.

"You're just a big doggo doing dog stuff, eh. You, didn't mean to soak us."

"I'm glad you two get along so well. That would have been a deal breaker you know,"

Jack said as they walked back up to the house, Gumbo leading the way. 

Max watched the lab trot ahead,"I love dogs. Geoff's allergic though, so we couldn't have one. I always spend lots of time cuddling Katrina's zoo, though. She takes in every unloved pet she meets. I'm genuinely excited to spend some quality one on one time with this handsome guy though. I like the cut off his Jib." 

"I got him as a gift to myself for completing residency. A way to celebrate ending my life of 100 hour weeks. I knew if I had a dog at home, I'd be forced to have a good work life balance, unlike so many of my peers. I do have a dog walker that comes every day mid day to take him for a stroll, though. His name is Paul. He's 16 and lives a few houses down. he rides his bike here around noon during the summer and walks my boy. Just so he doesn't startle you. He has a key. Let's himself in and out. He's a good kid."

They entered the house and Jack let Gumbo into a small side room that held his washer and dryer, as well as towels and a water dish.

"This is his drying out room," Jack said, wiping the dog down vigorously, much to Gumbos delight. "He gets hand dried, and then he has to chill in here for an hour before he can come into the main house. He likes it here though."

Jack tossed the towel into the washer and clicked the door shut behind him. 

They walked to the kitchen and Jack set about washing the produce and pulling things from the fridge.

"Any allergies or aversions?" he asked. 

"I will eat literally anything," Max said, coming over and washing her hands. "How can I help."

"You can choose a wine and grab us some glasses," Jack replied. as he set about heating a pan. 

Max seemed about to protest that she could do more, but Jack forstalled her. "I'm no chef. This is a really simple dinner, but it's nice to have someone to cook for. I'd love if you kept me company, though." 

Max decided on a Kim Crawford sauvignon blanc, which was perfect for this warm day. Her black and pink sundress swirled as she placed the bottle on the island. She had to reach past him in a tight corner to grab the glasses and ended up grazing his back as she grabbed the first one. His skin pulsed.

"Where's your bottle opener?" she asked as she stretched for the second glass pressing her chest lightly into his back.

He swallowed hard before answering.

"Top drawer to my right."

He flipped the chicken in the pan, she reached past him on the other side, her hand snaking across his hip, igniting a fuse in him that he could feel burning down as she rummaged in the drawer. Just as he felt like an imminent explosion was coming, she found it and went off to pour their wine. 

When she returned with his glass, he was throwing the basil and garlic scapes into the Vitamix with some pine nuts and olive oil. Within three seconds they had pesto.

Max leaned casually over the island and watched him work, taking an appreciative sip from her glass.

"So what else should I know about your house before you go?"

"Honestly it's not a fancy place. Most things are in logical spots. Gumbos food is in under that corner cupboard. Nothing too crazy, but you can always text me with any questions."

Jack finished the meal, plating some bruschetta, spinach salad and chicken breast drizzled with pesto. Grabbing both plates, he started walking towards the back door, calling over his shoulder, "Would you mind grabbing the wine?" 

She obliged and followed him out the back door to a small table on the back porch. The sun was starting to set and the sky was lit with orange and pink.

He put down the plates, pausing to stare at Max in the brilliant evening light. While she was always beautiful, the setting sun warmed her skin, giving her an ethereal presence. He realized he'd forgotten utensils. On his way back to the kitchen he crossed his workshop and spotted his camera. On a whim, he grabbed it before heading back out to the porch. He placed the forks and knives and Max nodded towards the camera. 

"Feeling inspired by the sunset?" she inquired as she put her glass on the table. 

"Always,"Jack said, hoping he didn't sound cheesy, "but tonight I'm more inspired by the way you look in its lighting. Would it be ok if I took your picture?"

Max blushed under his appraisal and he worried she was going to say no, but then she nodded slightly. 

"Okay," she said softly.

Not wasting a moment, Jack picked up his camera and snapped a few pictures from different angles. He kept snapping as she went from being a little unsure to offering him a dazzling smile. He moved around her, capturing her as best he could. After a few minutes he put down the camera, and they ate their meal in relative silence, enjoying the view. As the last tendrils of sun light dropped below the horizon Max stood up, grabbing their dishes. He tried to take the plates from her, but she pushed his hands playfully away.

"When one person cooks, the other cleans. It's the law of the kitchen." 

"Well, if it's the law then," he said, collecting the rest of their wine and following her in. 

It was his turn to lean over the island and watch her as she glided about. 

When she bent to retrieve a dish cloth from the bottom drawer, he had to bite his lip to stop from audibly expressing his appreciation for the bottom of her cheeks that peaked out from under the hem of her dress.

His hands were throbbing with his need to touch her. As she straightened up at the sink and set about washing the dishes, he put down his wine glass and walked until he was behind her, breathing her in.

Using the fingertips of his left hand, he collected the her hair from her right shoulder and moved it to drape over her left, then lightly pushed her impossibly thin dress straps down, placing his hands on her bare shoulders. He could feel her heart jackhammering under his finger tips. 

She stood frozen, hands submerged in soapy water. Jack delicately tickled his fingers down her arms, going all the way down to her submerged hands where he freed her grasp from the cloth and plate she was holding beneath the surface. Her breath quickened. Jack tilted his face to her soft shoulder and brushed his lips from the outside up to the base of her neck. He interlaced his fingers with hers in the sudsy water and moved his lips to right under her earlobe. 

Her skin was prickled with goosebumps, as he inhaled her. He pressed his lips into her neck, kissing it gently. She moaned and trembled, taking Jack by surprise. He repeated this kiss down her neck, back out to her shoulder and back up in a torturously slow seduction. Max's entire body was quivering, sending him into a state of arousal he'd never achieved before. 

"You have no idea what you do to me, Max," he exhaled in a deep baritone voice.

Max didn't answer. He didn't think she could, her breathing was so frantic. Jack went up a little higher with his lips and sucked her earlobe into his mouth, flicking it lightly with his tongue. Max let out a long satisfied moan, her breath hitching at the end and knees buckling as she climaxed right there at the kitchen sink. 

Jack gritted his teeth. Every atom in his being wanted to hike up her dress and press himself into her so he could feel her orgasm from inside. He managed to control himself. This was enough for now. He kissed her gently on the neck a few more times before releasing her hands and drying his own on the dish towel beside the sink. 

Her breath and heart rate were coming back to normal as she finally opened her eyes and looked at him. He expected her to blush as he smiled at her knowingly, but she surprised him by granting him an impish little smile of her own. 

***

Geoff was heading out from another long night at work. He was struggling making it through. He was in a constant state of hangover and had hardly slept since Tuesday night. He had an idea to help him get some sleep, though. Corinna walked passed him as she was leaving.

"Hey. Hey,Corinna." Geoff walked quick to catch up as they left the restaurant together. 

She turned shyly and looked at him. 

She didn't look much like Max, in actuality, but in the right circumstance he could pretend. Similar body types, similar hair. 

"Would you maybe want to come over tonight? Just you. No Jess," he said.

Corinna looked surprised. 

"I thought you didn't want anything serious or regular, and all that," she challenged. 

He shrugged, turning on his boyish charm. "It's still true, but given your 11th hour confession last night, I feel like I owe you something more traditional. Come over. I can make you cum for hours. You can spend the night with me." 

She laughed. "You owe me? Gee, way to make a girl feel special." 

"Not how I meant it. Let me restart. I'd really enjoy your company in my bed tonight. I can drive you home in the morning." 

She softened. "What about Jess? Won't she get jealous? I don't want to start any drama at work." 

Geoff smiled, putting his arm around Corinna's shoulder, leading her to his car. 

"Don't worry about Jess. She has a live in boyfriend. She's not that crazy about me."

Corinna followed Geoff willingly to his car and accepted when he opened the door for her. 

***

Geoff had poured them each a drink and had taken Corinna to the bathroom. He needed a shower and he figured why not take her with him. Leaning forward he turned on the shower and then turned to Corinna who looked extremely nervous. 

"What are you worried about?" Geoff asked confidently as he crossed the distance between them. 

"Nothing, " she lied, trying to look self assured. 

Geoff put his hands to either side of her face and looked into her eyes. "I'm going to be gentle, okay. If you want to stop, you just say so." 

Corinna flushed. "It's not that. It's just-what if I'm not any good? Last night I was pretty drunk."

Geoff laughed his teasing laugh. He tilted her face up and kissed her deeply. Taking her drink from her, he placed it on the counter and closed his eyes. Being in his bathroom, his eyes closed, he could envision this was Max. 

Corinna responded to his kiss and threw her arms around him. Geoff slid his hands down all the way to her full ass and massaged her cheeks vigorously as he slid his tongue against hers. He found a zipper at the back of her pants and pulled it down, pushing them and her panties to the ground. He stood on the crotch of her pants and lifted her onto the bathroom counter, freeing her ankles. 

Stepping between her legs, he pressed his clothed dick against her pussy while he pulled her shirt up over her head. Her tits were almost comically big. He moved his hand to her back and snapped the clip undone releasing them, her nipples hardening on contact with the air. Geoff grabbed them in his hands and kissed them lavishly before dropping them and stepping away. 

He tossed the condoms from his pocket onto the counter before he dropped his clothes and pulled Corinna into the shower with him, closing the door behind him. One week ago he'd fucked Max right here. 

With the memory of that shower in his mind, Geoff kissed Corinna with almost bruising intensity. He pulled himself off her and grabbed the floral soap Max had left behind and lathered Corinna from head to toe, the aroma forcing precum to ooze from his cock.

Geoff poured soap on himself and quickly washed. He kissed Corinna again before he knelt down at her feet. Parting her lips with a finger, he gently rubbed all the way up and down her slit with his finger tip, giving occasional gentle flicks to her tiny clit. She arched her head back and Geoff closed his eyes. He could feel her getting wet and started to slip his finger inside her. 

"You're so fucking tight, oh my god." 

He pressed his digit all the way in and actually struggled pulling it back out before pressing it back in. As he thrust into her, he gently took his tongue and flicked it across her clit. It was so small it was actually hard to find, so instead of sucking on it, as he usually would have, Geoff decided on a tried and true approach his older brother had taught him in high school. He used his free hand to lift her leg to rest over his shoulder and used his tongue to start tracing the letters of the alphabet across her hardened nub. By the time he got to M he was able to add a second finger to his finger fucking and she was gasping for air bucking her hips into his face. At Q, she grabbed his head and pressed into his mouth and by S she was shaking as her orgasm took over. 

"Oh fuck, no one's ever eaten me out like that before," she gasped as Geoff stood, keeping his fingers inside her. 

He kissed her again, his mouth full of her juices. He used his free hand to turn off the shower and open the door. He continued finger fucking her as he ushered her out of the shower towards the counter. His cock was bouncing as blood tore through it. The wet tightness of her pussy and the smell of Max on her skin was combining to create a deep need in him. He grabbed a condom from the countertop, tearing the package open with his teeth and rolled it one handed onto his hard on. His other hand still pounding away in Corinnas hole, he needed to put his cock inside her. He removed his hand and kissed her passionately, losing himself in the fantasy. 

These were Max's lips. He brought his hands down and lifted her ass onto the counter, telling himself that was Max's ass. He squatted slightly and his knob found her opening and he pressed up. She bit his lip and screamed as he pushed himself into her newly devirginized cunt. Geoff kept his eyes closed and pressed further groaning in primal pleasure as he finally got all the way in.

This was Max's pussy. He slid in a out, his fantasy taking over as he held Corinna tightly, kissing her like she was the love of his life and thrust deeply into her. She hooked her legs around his waist and attacked his back with her long stiletto fingernails, gouging his flesh as he pounded into her. She screamed in his ear as her body broke into orgasm, her pussy clutching at his cock. He screamed a gut-wrenching desperate scream as he pumped everything he had into her. They clung to each other for a few minutes, his hips still rolling very slowly until he finally released her. 
