 They were all off to the lake for the day. It was the height of summer and boiling hot; possibly the hottest summer in years. Nick drove the car down the quiet country lanes with Bex chatting away beside him. In the back were Tom, Anna and Chris, all of whom were commenting on the outfit Anna had worn. Nick checked her out in the mirror again - it was quite revealing but he still preferred Bex (though he would never tell her that - it would ruin their friendship).

They arrived at the lake and everyone grabbed the gear out of the boot. The water looked so cool and inviting as Chris and Tom set up the chairs and blankets. The girls grabbed the food and drinks and set them in the shade of a giant oak tree. Nick in the meantime had grabbed the kayak out of the book and hooked it up to the car pump. He had an inflatable sea kayak - rigid and great for using on any water but folded away into a really small space.

He could hear the comments from Tom about him 'erecting' his kayak and laughed pointing out that he hadn't been the one trying to hide himself during the journey here. Once sorted Nick carried it down and set it beside the water's edge. Tom and Chris promptly ran up, shoved him in, grabbed the kayak and set out onto the lake. By the time he rose, spluttering from the surface they were well away laughing hysterically as he called half-hearted curses after them.

He pulled his wet shirt off and draped it over the back of a chair before getting himself a can of coke from the cool box and flopping down on the blanket next to Anna and Bex. Bex was chatting to Anna and giggling - Nick half listened in to what they were saying - it generally seemed to be about the two boys in the back of the car and which of them had been showing the most - at this point Anna said that if Bex had shown what she was wearing underneath then they would have known instantly...

"Oh really?" Nick asked suddenly paying very close attention.

Bex blushed slightly at his sudden interest then stood up. She was currently wearing shorts and a loose light top which she rapidly pulled up and over her head revealing her stunning 36DD tits enclosed (barely) in a turquoise bikini top. She then slid her shirts down revealing her bikini bottoms which left very little to the imagination.

Nick sat and stared, coke forgotten in his hand until he suddenly became aware of the girls giggling. He realised two things very quickly - one was that he was sat there gaping like an idiot at this goddess in front of him. The other was that his shorts were very, very tight.

"I guess we know now." Said Anna with another giggle...

Nick winked, adjusted himself which set them off giggling again and grabbed them the wine from the cooler passing it over for them. Struggling to take his eyes off her Nick lay back and closed them to try and stop thinking about her. That didn't work at all as whilst he lay on his back with the sun shining down on him all he could imagine was her straddling him. More laughter from Bex made him open his eyes and look again. The girls were putting sun cream on but Bex couldn't cope - every time Anna tried to apply the sun cream she started laughing hysterically.

"Bit ticklish there Bex?" Nick asked - filing that piece of information away for a later date. She nodded then squealed again as the cream was applied to every inch of her exposed skin.

It was at this point that Tom and Chris turned back up, sailing into shore like to conquering heroes, before running up and grabbing a drink. Nick was very pleased to see he wasn't the only one to gape like an idiot when they saw Bex lying there, glistening from the sun cream freshly applied to her skin looking stunning.

Bex saw there gaze and looked equal parts pleased and slightly embarrassed.

"Hey Bex, fancy a trip in the Kayak?" Nick heard himself ask. Not quite sure where that came from but she nodded gladly and stood (her breasts jiggled beautifully) and made her way down to the water's edge.

She sat in the front of the kayak whilst Nick sat at the back. He pushed them off and they quickly got into a good rhythm rowing out into the lake and round the headland from where Tom, Chris and Anna were now lazing on the blankets. Once out towards the centre of the lake Nick asked her where she fancied going. She looked around before spotting a small island (just a lump with a few trees and bushes) in the centre of the lake.

"There..." She said with a smile so off they went. It took about 10 minutes before they arrived at the island and hopped out into the shallows. Bex shrieked slightly at how cold the water was on her warm skin and when Nick laughed she turned with an evil smile, planted the paddle in the waters and splashed a whole wave of it onto him.

For the second time that day Nick was soaked and cold. Right... He charged after her as she ran giggling and grabbed her arm. She slipped on the grass and as she fell took Nick with her. They both had the breath knocked out of them as they landed then before she could recover Nick's strong fingers found her ribs tickling her so hard that she practically screamed.

He refused to let up as his hands continued their torture of her, occasionally ticking her arms and sides over and over, positioned above her the way he was she was helpless. As he continued to tickle her he became aware of the face that whilst his hands tickled her and tears streamed down her face from laughing and trying to get away she continually pressed her barely covered pussy up towards his legs, almost grinding it against him. And he could feel the heat through the thin material on his leg.

Then it happened, her amazing breasts, so barely restrained within the bikini came loose and escaped. One minute he was leaning over her tickling one of his best friends then next she was lying under him, bare nipples exposed, grinding her pussy against his leg and before he could stop himself he lent down and fastened his lips around her nipple, licking and sucking, teasing it with his teeth. His hands stopped tickling her and pinned her wrists to the soft earth either side of her head as he moved from one nipple to the other. They were amazing.

He pulled back aware that he had over stepped the boundaries of their friendship. She looked up at him, eyes filled with lust now...

"Don't stop..." She barely whispered.

He returned to licking and sucking and biting them as his hands released her wrists (though she didn't move her arms) and reached down. He found the ties on her hips that held the Bikini bottoms in place and undid them swiftly, ripping the tiny piece of cloth away to expose her bare, shaven slit. He kissed down her stomach and grabbed her legs, lifting them to his shoulders ad he buried his mouth in her cunt. His tongue ran the length of her wet hole, easily finding her clit and focusing on it. She came almost instantly; she was so wet and aroused. Nick realised that somehow the tickling had gotten her aroused to the point where she came for him so hard.

He reached down and slid his shorts off. He was only wearing a pair of swimming shorts so instantly his throbbing hard shaft swung free. He looked down at her, bikini top wrenched to one side, tits exposed to his greedy eyes, legs spread and pussy glistening with her juices and without a moments thought slide the head of his hard cock into her waiting hole. He could feel how tight she was and lifting her hips so only her upper back and shoulders were on the ground he began pushing his cock deeper into her. On the way in it seemed to his every sensitive and special spot, rubbing, pressing and filling her ass he writhed underneath him.

Soon he was buried deep inside her. He groaned softly as the warmth and heat of her tight pussy wrapped around him then began to fuck her slowly. It took every bit of restraint he had not to hammer his cock into her as hard as he could. He began speeding up slowly. His shaft slick with her juices as it slid back and forth, every stroke seemed to excite her more, arousing her further. Her moans got louder and louder as he reached a pace where his cock was pushing her hard into the ground with every powerful thrust. He loved the way her breasts bounced each time he slammed into her. The look on her face and the gasp as he shifted the angle just slightly to hammer his cock in to press against something else inside her.

She came again for him. Her hands tearing great handfuls of grass out of the ground next to her as she screamed her orgasm and wrapped her long, sexy legs around his hips. Finally unable to hold back as her pussy tightened even further around him, he rammed his cock as deep inside her as he could and exploded. He filled her tight pussy with his hot cum until it was practically over flowing. Even as he came he kept thrusting with every pump of his cum deep inside her.

He lay there breathing heavily, his head resting on those amazing breasts as he felt himself inside of her. Unsurprisingly given how hot she was his cock was still fairly hard inside her and ready to go again.