 Mario and I continued to amp the intensity of our bond...I found myself in such a state of lust and love for him that all I could think of is how to please my new lover. He knows about my Bisexuality and encourages it. So I will playing with a new girlfriend this weekend...*evil little giggle*. I often flirt with and trade naughty pics with women. I show him the pictures and we both enjoy them. He has said that he loves me in a very short period of time. His mind is passionate and imaginative. I can't get enough of his lips, tongue, fingers and of course, his gorgeous Italian sausage...mmmm.

We love taking erotic pictures of ourselves. On a recent trip to Adult World, I picked up a strap on for new fun with Colleen but I picked some things up for us as well. I found a vibrating cock ring and I was intrigued. It's fun for the whole family...LOL. He fucking loved it and I could feel the vibrations throughout my whole pussy and clit. 

We usually start out kissing and caressing each other. Today, however, my Stud wanted to lick my pussy and ass because he knows I love it so much. There is nothing more erotic and exciting than to see your sexy and gorgeous lover with his head between your legs. I can hear and see the slurping, sucking and licking. It's amazing...he likes to pull on my clit gently with his lips and sucks my outer lips too. And his finger is ALWAYS welcome into my cunny, He knows exactly where my G spot is and always hits it. Those orgasms come fast and hard, like firecrackers going off in my body.

My naughty boy also knows the more he fucks my ass with his long and soft tongue, the more impassioned it will make me. It is a Feast of Love. I thought of Hemingway's Moveable Feast... Did he experience this joy? The joy of having a lover that would make love to you for hours, making you cry out and beg for his cock?

I have always been very sexual. But this is different and it's special. We are constantly inspiring each other to new heights. I bought a camcorder and sucked him off in front of it. What an erotic sight to watch my head bobbing and my hands on his ass. Drawing him closer and closer. Fuck my face, baby...you know I like that...Put your hands on my head so my mouth is glued to your throbbing cock and I can feel your pre-cum dripping down my throat. Now, get up on the bed and fuck me properly...smiles. 

He throws me on the bed and thrust his cock into my wet swollen pussy that had cum just from sucking him so good. The camcorder captured it all...Oh...my...fucking...God...he is just as insatiable as I am. The muscles in his ass are contracting and he is rolling his hips as he pumps In and out. I am thrusting back with my entire body, my huge tits are bouncing like 2 globes. He captures one and begins to pinch my nipple making me shudder. He is sucking the other one and not missing a stroke. 

I am cumming so hard at this point that my legs are shaking hard and guttural groans are coming from my mouth. He then gets down between my legs and begins to eat my pussy again and bury his tongue in the hole, fucking it hard with his tongue while rubbing my clit. I tell him how good it feels. That he is fucking incredible. I love it so much that I just want to rub his face in it all day long. His answer is a passionate moan and I feel his body shake. It is time for me to spoil you now, my Love.

But before I do that, he puts the strap on dildo on me, and starts sucking the soft rubber cock. Gets down on his knees in front of me with my "dick" in his face and deep throats it. This makes me laugh because Mario has no interest in penises but he knew my kinky side would love it. So we have a pic of that too. 

He pushes the cock aside and starts licking my clit again but I said NO...it's your turn...and I am blindfolding you...Get on the bed, you motherfucker...HA HA HA...I start fellating him and I enjoy it so much I am making "Yummy" sounds like when you have a REALLY good meal. My baby's cock is the most delicious aphrodisiac in the world. Nothing tastes better. I am talking to the camera saying I have a surprise for him and we will see if he likes it. 

I take out the Butt Plug and lube that I bought at Adult world and I start licking his asshole. I have licked relatively few assholes in my life but for some reason, I really like doing it to Mario. I start to finger his ass and gently ease the plug in as I am sucking his cock and tea bagging his balls. I am pulling his balls gently with my fingers and swirling my tongue around the tip of his cock. I can suck quite a few inches down while my tongue goes crazy on the opening to his urethra. He is rocking his hips. I love it. I tell him to flip over.

We put the buzzing cock ring on his rigid cock. I lightly spank his ass and tell him to get on all fours. I mount him like a man and rub my 42DD tits all over his back while caressing his manhood and sack. I then spread his ass checks and start licking his asshole and fucking it with my tongue while jerking his cock. He becomes very excited and says, "FUCK BABY, OH MY GOD!" 

I grab my phone and we position it right under him. I take my vibrator and put its little buzzing head right into his asshole while I suck him hard and play with his balls. He is so ready to cum, he's been on the edge for so long, but no, I am not done, lover. 

I spread his ass "cheeks and take a picture of his dilated asshole. Baby, you put your finger in my ass and I like it. Let's see if I can give you the same sensations. I lube up my finger really well and I fuck his asshole with it. I can feel his sphinchter accepting my finger, sucking it in. "Mmmm," I say, laughing, "Daddy likes it". I start to pulsate my finger back and forth in circles, creating a vibration without going too deep. I spit on his asshole and say, "HOW YOU LIKE ME NOW, BITCH?" and I rub my finger in circles.

It's time to let the poor man cum. It's been 5 or 6 hours of sucking and fucking and kink. We have so much video footage of our uninhibited carnal craving. I send a few pics to my girls that I am flirting with and he enters me slowly...oooohhhhhh...so slowly...my face is flushed, my breasts are sweating and I am breathing like a she bitch in heat. He then stuffs his Spear deep and fast and holds it there...for what seems like hours. He set off a chain reaction of orgasms and I scream and jerk my hips. I can't fuck him hard enough. 

He starts thrusting again but it's such a loving and sensual thrust and he's kissing me...and kissing me. "Baby"...he moans..."You are the best"...HAHAHHA took you long enough to admit it...grins. He shouts, "I'm CUMMING!! So hard, I'm CUMMING" and he actually snorts! Like a horse! It was awesome...he really IS my Italian Stallion...and a Thoroughbred at that!!

~To be Continued~