 Arthur left his bed and leaned against the coolness of the castle wall. He looked out over Camelot, his shirt clinging to him with perspiration despite the late hour. It was a full moon, but still a month before midsummer and Arthur was restless, not just because of the heat.

Staring at the moon, he sighed. 'I just wish I had someone in my life who understands my needs. Someone to share this with. Someone who isn't Merlin.'

He returned to his bed and eventually fell asleep to be disturbed by a dream so vivid he could barely believe it wasn't real. He was standing on the shore of a lake. It was dawn, misty, but the sun was beginning to warm the air. A boat was heading towards him with no obvious means of propulsion, a single figure on board. It glided to a halt in front of him and he could see it was a woman.

She beckoned him onto the boat, and he walked forward, watching her curiously. She was swathed from head to toe in a gauzy material that hinted at the body it covered, but also concealed it. She motioned him to be seated and then, as the boat glided away from the shore, unveiled her face. 

He didn't recognise her, but the oval face was framed with curling dark hair, the eyes a melting deep brown. He could see her silhouette through the filmy material, the curve of her breasts, the gentle roundness of her hips. He was ensnared, his body suddenly responding to her as they entered the mists. 

And then he woke, Merlin swishing back the drapes of the bed to find Arthur rapidly dragging the covers over himself despite the warmth of the morning.

'Are you all right?' Merlin asked.

'Yes. Yes, why do you ask?' Arthur retorted.

'It's just that you look a bit . . . well, odd, to be quite honest.'

Odd was exactly how Arthur was feeling, but he wasn't going to confess as much to Merlin, his manservant hidden under the covers was causing him enough confusion. He sent Merlin away and lay back on the bed, the woman's face clearly etched on his mind as he attended to his own needs.

He had the dream again that night. This time the boat was further away and he waited with ill disguised anticipation for it to approach. Once again, the woman was swathed in filmy cloth, but this time he was certain he could see more of her body, faint shadows which had previously been obscured, nothing tangible, but enough that his body responded as urgently as it had before. He had no idea who this woman was, or why she was having this effect on him, but he felt a connection with her that he hadn't experienced since Guinevere. 

That thought brought him abruptly out of the dream and he lay crossly in bed, waiting for dawn, unable to sleep again. Every night he had the same dream, but sometimes the boat began its journey further from the shore and some nights he woke before it even reached him, to his frustration. On the times when he did enter the boat, it was to find her gossamer thin robe becoming even more transparent, the curves of her body more clear, shadows and details forming where there had been none. Every night his body responded to her in the same way, but he was unable to touch her. She never spoke but he could imagine her voice, soft and low. He almost felt that he could smell her scent, layered, floral but musky, feminine but sensual. He lost concentration during the day, blaming it on sleeping badly due to the continued heat, but the reality was that he was becoming obsessed with this woman in his dreams. 

