 Ode to Love

Mario and I made love yesterday. It's been a while since I've written in first person. Our ongoing affair has had its ups and downs, like any other couple. But yesterday was special...I've been through a lot of stuff in the past year and he's consistently been there for me. He has always made me feel like a Goddess in the act of making love. When he is inside of me, it is the most incredible sensation. It's like two souls merging together. There's nothing I wouldn't do to him if he wanted it, nothing is more important to me than his pleasure. There is nothing on this planet that I crave more than his orgasm. The sounds that he makes...the growls, hisses, whimpers... the uncontrollable body shakes...the way he lets himself go. His pleasure in my mouth, my hands, my pussy, the undulations of my body. My body fits perfectly with his; when we're together, there is no beginning or end to us. 

He has the most beautiful full perfectly shaped lips. They have given me countless orgasms. Even to kiss him is Nirvana. The feel of his skin against mine, his body hair, his muscularity. His perfect cock. His hands that stroke, trace and caress my body. The flickering of his long fingers inside my cunt. LOL, he's well aware of what an amazing lover he is, as I am aware of my own skills. But it's not as mechanical as all that. It's passion and sensuality and love. It's Goddess worship. I have always been a sexual goddess. Always loved sex. But Mario...he has taken my sensuality to new heights. As I have guided his. 

Part of it I think is that he truly LOVES women. He loves women's bodies, he's incredibly unselfish during sex. He's 100% about my pleasure. It's like he can't wait to get to my pussy. To touch it, to lick it, to suck on my clit. It's the world's most enticing appetizer to him. He loves it. He makes sounds of pleasure that in all my years of having lovers have never sounded so sweet. I'm a Chef! It's like watching the one you love enjoy the most delectable meal they have ever had! The softness and pressure of his hot mouth, lips and tongue drives me insane. And even after I've cum...he doesn't let up. He dominates my pussy like no man has ever done before. 

And I can't stop touching him...stroking his chest, his stomach. Stroking his silken cock. I love every vein, every ridge, every inch of that cock. I've had his cock down so deep in my throat that I had to breathe very slow. I've played with his balls, tickled his asshole, massaged his perineum. I've gone from sucking and licking his shaft to putting him inside of me while I rode him, rubbing my clit against the shaft and watching his handsome face contort. There is no end to my lust and love for him. It's exciting and erotic to lick and suck his nipples while I'm fucking him. It's incredibly powerful to have him shake and whimper and involuntarily arch his back and present his body to me when I suck his cock and jerk it off at the same time. I suck his cock up and down then suck and lick the head and the opening while I am using a twisting motion on his shaft. I will "pop" the head of his dick through my saliva-wet fingers and stick my tongue in his pee hole. I have been able to, with practice, roll his dick around in my mouth, over and under my tongue. Looking in his eyes while I do it. 

I have to laugh...in the year-plus we have been together, I have bought more toys at Adult World than ever in my life. A cock ring for him, all kinds of sensitizing creams/gels, butt plugs, you name it. I'm planning on getting him a Flashlight for his birthday. There is NO limit to my imagination and the lengths I would go to please him and edge him and drive him to the edge of madness. Because he does the same to me...

Yesterday he pulled my red silken panties off and started licking my twat in the most beautiful, sensual way. His tongue...I can't even describe how amazing it feels. He constantly mixes it up. He reads my body language and does everything in his power to make me feel good. It's not even ABOUT orgasm at times. It's about pure pleasure. He spread my legs while I was lying on my back and starting licking my asshole which he KNOWS I love. He had his lips and mouth all over my pussy while he wriggled his tongue in my ass and rubbed my clit all at the same time. I didn't even WANT to cum because the sensation was incredible. But once I started, I was screaming...LOL, I believe I kept saying "JESUS FUCK!" Because I had a clitoral orgasm AND a vaginal orgasm AND an Anal orgasm at the same time. I was afraid I would break his Roman nose lol! And I TOTALLY squirted...the bed was soaking wet and I was RAVENOUS for his cock. I would have BEGGED for it. I was an animal. 

He got on top and took over...holding my legs in the air and thrusting into my soaking pussy. I was so wet I could hear sloshing sounds. I kept saying..." Oh my God, oh my God" ...it was like I couldn't get him deep enough. Wave after wave after wave...Primal. Ritualistic. I am lost. He is growling that completely masculine moan that always reminds me of Joe Manganiello's Wolf growl from True Blood. It was like he OWNED me, he claimed me...I turned him over and proceeded to fellate him. I have never in my life LOVED to give BJ's as much as I do with him. He teases me that it's never out of my mouth. I teased him, and teased him and edged him until he had to physically stop me because he was on the edge. 

I climbed on top of him and started to slide my pussy up and down on his cock, sucking and licking his nipple at the same time. Which makes him hard as a rock. It's very hard for him to maintain control that way because it feels so amazing. It was like the World stood still. Our strokes were so gentle and sensuous. He took my face in his hands and started to kiss me. And imprisoned my head in his grasp. We were kissing so tenderly yet so passionately and he sucked my tongue into his mouth. He held my tongue between his teeth, and I reflected on the amount of trust I have in him, to be so vulnerable. He whispered into my mouth, "Baby, can I cum?" And I said yes... started to suckle his nipple again and he let go with a roar. His entire 6'4 body shook, and trembled and words and incomprehensive sounds poured from his mouth. The spasms lasted for a full 5 minutes as I continued to stimulate his nipple and flex my Kegel muscles around him. His dick deflated a bit but started to harden again inside of me as I milked it with my dripping pussy. I collapsed onto his chest and felt my heart beat against his heart, in perfect rhythm. He stroked my hair and my body and held me until our breathing had calmed. His penis sweetly slipped out of my dripping hole. 

I told him that I was going to write about it...because he needed to understand and to know what he has brought to my life. What he has given me, this gift of Love. I am a passionate woman who is always going to need sex. But what he gives me is so much more than that. I'm actually crying as I write this because this man has had SUCH a profound impact on my life and I KNOW that it is the same for him. This is a Soulmate. My desire to please him, to be pleased by him, to be so completely uninhibited in my love for him has come from my Higher Self. And it will always be. 

I love you Baby. I always will. 

~sexynursechef~