 Lisa and Mario are reunited 

After the incident with the young Witch, Lisa had gone to another lover. Mario was still her heart and soul but her pride was hurt and she found solace in the arms of another man. But every once in a while, her thoughts would turn to the Italian Stallion...his magnificent curved cock, the hours of pleasure she would experience with his fingers, lips and tongue...the feeling of wetness the minute he kissed her. Mario, of course, being the Sexual God that he was, found other lovers as well but it was not the same. Fun...sure...satisfying...of course. But in his Roman heart, he still longed for his Chef. She was the best lover he had ever had. She brought him to heights of bliss he could never have imagined. 

Lisa's lover had faded away. She was climbing the walls in sexual frustration and she needed a fix. She started watching the videos that she and Mario had made and was soon masturbating to them. The erotic sounds and sights of his muscular large body and her voluptuous curves enveloping him turned her on. She felt a little guilty but the sheer masculinity and God energy of him moved her like no one ever had. As much as she loved sex and enjoyed it with every man she had been with, she had never had so many intense orgasms with anyone else. Her pussy dripped for him and it was home for his cock. It was heaven to feel that huge sausage inside her, teasing her entrance as her walls gripped him harder and harder as he rode her. 

They met again at her house. She was a bit shy because she had developed feelings for the other man but he had hurt her. And she and Mario shared a special bond. There was love there...and Magick...and they had shared Kundalini energy. She absolutely loved the way he ate her pussy, it was amazing. He looked a bit tired and she did too, it had been a draining election and being a Witch, her Empathic self was feeling so much pain in the world. But she kissed him...she kissed him. The velvet feel of his tongue in her mouth...his beautiful full lips encircling hers. She had bathed in rose-petals and Love-oil and stroked her clitoris in the bath, smiling at the thought of his tongue in her anus. 

Hand-in-hand they went into the bedroom. Candles were blazing and she invited him to have a sip of her Home-made Limincello. He teased her about the spells on her altar. She smiled because she had not entranced him, or mesmerized him, it was the intense passionate chemistry between them. It was a soulmate connection, in the most primal of ways. She never felt as much of a sexual Goddess as with him. And he felt the same way. She brought the Divinity out in him, the fun, and yet the tender passionate love that his Soul craved.

With one touch from her, his cock was completely hard. It stretched invitingly against his boxers. She crooked her finger as she had his stand by the bed and enveloped his dick in her hot and ready mouth. She breathed life and lust onto his shaft as she took him deep in her throat. "Oh yes, yes, yes, baby, I missed your cock so much, I love your cock so much, mmmm, mmmm, mmmm," she cooed. He put his hands in her hair to guide her head as she sucked up and down and managed to get his whole cock down her throat and lick his balls at the same time. 

He took his pants off and helped her with her lacy hot pink bra and panties. A wide smile split his bearded face as he took in her perfect 42DD tits with pancake nipples. He couldn't wait to be inside of her. He pulled her on top of him and she impaled herself on his rigid manhood. "Oh fuck," she groaned, as her first orgasm came as she ground on him. A series of mild explosions came harder and Mario was growling in lust deep in his throat. 

She pulled herself off him and lay wantonly before him, spreading her toned legs as an invitation for him to lick and suck her wet cunt. He was worshipping her pussy. Licking it up and down, spreading the tight inner lips, sucking gently at her clitoris which was standing up proud and hard. Probing inside every nook and cranny of her pussy. Mario was a master of eating pussy and he loved it. He was moaning and lapping her like it was the most delicious ambrosia. He slipped his long finger inside her slip and hooked it to rub her G spot. She immediately began humping his hand as he licked her clit in circles that drove her crazy. She came on his tongue and he mounted her, driving his diamond hard beautiful cock inside of her. 

Her hips were slapping against his as he fucked her. And fucked her...then slowed down and made love to her. Suckling her nipples at the same time and rubbing her clit, she was screaming and wailing at the intensity of the sensations. He was so aroused and excited he couldn't hold back...her cunt, so tight and wet...and the Sex Magick pouring from her. It was a pleasure between Heaven and Hell. He started shaking and snorting and whinnying, which were his signs of pleasure. He brought her physically as close to him as he could as he roared with passion, emptying hot squirts of jizz into her love cavern. She was surprised at the quickness of his orgasm but she made him crave her so bad he couldn't control himself. 

But it wasn't over...Mario knew Lisa was insatiable once she got cock. She had the stamina to fuck for hours, even through pain because she loved it so much. She pulled out her vibrator with the clit attachment and started rubbing it all over her pussy. He took it out of her hand and turned it on. Easing it into her sopping wet creampie pussy, he turned it on and started fucking her with it. He was rubbing his fingers all over her vagina with the vibe inside of her and the clit attachment buzzing happily against her engorged clitoris. She felt his tongue tickling her and licking at her as the three sensations began to build. The erotic and naughty feeling of his lips and tongue sucking his cum out of her was incredibly erotic. He was flickering the tip of his tongue against her clit as the vibrations increased and she was on the edge. On the edge...

Lisa started jerking her hips wildly as the biggest orgasm of the year hit her. It was like when he had used the Wand on her but this was even stronger. She started screaming, "OH MY FUCKING GOD, I AM CUMMING SO HARD, DON'T STOP GOD DAMN YOU!! I'm cumming in your mouth, baby, fucking eat my clit, don't stop MOTHERFUCKER, OH YEAH!!" She rubbed her pussy all over his face he loved her with his mouth. "Jesus Fuck!" she exclaimed, "That is the biggest orgasm you ever gave me!" 

"Merry Christmas baby," he rumbled, deep in his chest. "Welcome Back"

~sexynursechef~