 I'm in Montecatini Terme, a town that's just a short train ride, a commute, from Florence, Italy. I'm here because I'm on my long desired "Grand Tour of Europe", three months between leaving my last job and starting my new one in California. I've read about Europe for years and have always wanted to visit. And no grand tour would be complete without the art and history and architecture of Florence.

I'm in Montecatini Terme instead of Florence because of guide books. This town, with it's hot mineral springs, has hosted tourists for two thousand years. It has over a hundred hotels. Only a few big ones but lots and lots of small ones, down to simple bed & breakfasts. Supposedly it's cheaper and actually more convenient than staying in Florence itself. I have a secondary reason, too. I figure that any town that's hosted tourists for thousands of years will have prostitutes and after three weeks without sex, I need some.

Maybe I should add that I'm not used to using the services of prostitutes. Since very late my senior year of high school and on through college and then working, I've been with plenty of females. I've learned that all humans have a sex drive, females as well as males. Some stronger than others. There are lots of girls that may hope to some day meet Mister Right, their Knight in Shining Armor, but want sex in the meantime. Some of these are extremely attractive physically. Cheerleaders, models, whatever. I'm attractive enough -- six feet one, fit, hundred and eighty pounds, brown hair cut short, brown eyes, not handsome but fair looking, generally kind and considerate and educated with a good job and a future -- and I've become extremely effective at sex. Everyone so far has wanted more once they've been with me. 

I would be very happy to some day meet Miss Right, my Princess, although I'm beginning to wonder if it'll ever happen. I'm twenty four and I've been with some very attractive girls, very proficient sexually, so I'm not sure what could ever capture me. And I'm not sure that I could, perhaps neither of us could, ever commit to complete monogamy. Which raises a whole other set of questions.

Meanwhile, I want to find a prostitute and unload a building need. In Hamburg, Germany, it was easy. In a bar where every booth had a telephone, I just sat down, ordered a beer and started answering the phone as girls called. Professional girls. I ended up with Doris and it was very satisfying. Completely nude with a good body and a willingness to stay involved and make use of my second erection. For a price, of course. But here? How do I find a good one? Perhaps a taxi driver, that's what I've heard.

The lady at the desk in my small hotel suggested that there was a Gelato shop, an ice cream store to me, that was famous for its excellence. I like ice cream so that's where I went. I can always find a prostitute later. They don't use ice cream scoops like in the U.S., they sort of slice out slabs. The result is still an ice cream cone. I got my favorite, chocolate, and realized that it really is extremely good. Outside the small shop there's a very wide sidewalk so I step out into the early evening air to enjoy my cone. 

There's a girl standing almost at the curb, looking out into the street. A good looking girl. Seems to have a nice figure. Fairly short dark skirt but nothing odd, light green blouse, slip on shoes down at the end of very good looking legs. She's eating a peach colored gelato cone. I'm not sure that eating is the right word to describe it. She's having oral sex with the gelato. At least that's what it looks like. She licks one side and then the other. Then she places her mouth over it and takes the top of the scoop into her mouth. She lifts off and licks the side again, smiling as she looks at the penis shaped gelato. She also looks out into traffic often. In my mind, maybe she's standing next to the curb so drivers can see her as she advertises her services by fellating that ice cream.

She's very attractive but then why can't whores be attractive? I mean, that must be the explanation. She's trying to attract a trick, a John. I walk up near her and say, "Scuzi" in my really bad Italian with an American accent. She turns slightly and looks at me. Actually smiles. She's even more attractive than I had thought. Pretty face. Blue eyes, pale skin and dark hair. "Do you speak English?"

She looks at me for a second before responding. Still smiling she says, "Si."

Now what do I do? How do I bring this up? "You're very pretty." I think a moment, what is it in Italian. "Bellisimo."

She smiles even broader. "Grazie."

I know that's a thank you. "Uh, are you available?" That's probably not right. "Uh, what do you charge?"

She sort of giggles. Licks her ice cream. Seems to think a little. "For sex?" she asks.

"Yes."

She puts her free arm around my waist and turns us both and starts to walk away from the store. "You have a hotel room?"

"Yes."

"And condoms?"

"Yes."

She grins some more and licks her ice cream again. I take a bite out of mine. 

"Take me there," she says.

I start towards my hotel. It isn't far, perhaps a four or five minute walk. She finishes her ice cream and I finish mine. She licks her fingers after finishing the cone so I take her hand and suck on her fingers. She smiles a lot and takes my hand that I'd been eating the cone with and sucks on my fingers. Then she says, "My name is Diane."

Her accent sounds a lot like I've heard in some motion pictures. "I'm Jim," I say. She pulls me a little closer and holds on to my hand. We get to my small hotel. I wonder how do I handle this as I go through the small lobby. Do I have to tell the lady at the desk anything? I decide to just walk through to the small elevator and take Diane up to my room. If the lady wants to stop me or ask anything, she will. She doesn't. We go up two floors, leave the small cage and go three doors to my room. I unlock it and open the door and motion Diane in, following her and closing the door after me. It's not much. A relatively small, old, hotel room. It's clean, though, with it's own bathroom, which some of the places don't offer. Lots of baths down the hall in this town. 

Diane wastes no time. She sets down her small purse, unbuttons her blouse and removes it, folding it carefully and laying it on the only chair in the room. She unfastens and then steps out of her skirt, stepping out of her shoes as she steps out of the skirt. Carefully folded, it joins the blouse. She looks at me and grins. "You, too," she says. So I start undressing. She reaches behind her and unfastens her bra and it joins the other items on the chair. She has lovely breasts. Not huge DD's, but full and firm and not sagging at all. She's at most my age, maybe younger. Fairly large nipples, dark brown, staring at me. She takes the waist of her panties and bends as she slides them down over her hips and legs, then steps out of them and they go on the chair also. She's completely naked so I hurry and get out of my shoes and pants, my shirt already off. I put them on top of a dresser. Her pubic hair is dark, darker than her hair, black really. She must trim it. I mean it isn't shaved but it isn't all full and bushy like some I've been with, it's looks neat and trim. 

She grins even more and comes to me, grabs the waist of my shorts and pulls them down, lowering herself until she's kneeling on the floor. I step out of them and kick them aside as she grasps my very erect cock. She looks up at me and grins, then starts treating my cock like she did the ice cream. She leans her head to one side and licks back and forth, then leans her head the other direction and licks it again. She gets her mouth around the whole head and slides her lips down until I can feel it hitting the back of her mouth, her throat. She slowly moves her head back, her lips tightly around my cock, finally sliding off the end. She stares at it again, smiles a little, takes her hand that's not holding my cock and fondles my balls. She leans forward and gives my testicle sack a kiss, then a french kiss, which becomes just plain licking. She gets her lips around one ball and sucks it into her mouth. She leans back again, moving her mouth free of me and looks up quickly with a very dirty grin.

She gets her mouth around the head again and slides slowly down the length, taking about two thirds of me into her mouth before I can feel it hit the back of her throat. She holds me in her mouth and purrs. I don't know whether girls can purr like a cat but that's what she's doing. Or maybe humming. Whatever, she's very pleased to have my cock in her mouth. Then she starts moving her head back and forth, licking and sucking and tasting me. I realize that this is definitely not a whore giving me a blowjob for money. This is a very attractive girl who loves to suck cock and she's enjoying the heck out of this. I can see her move her free hand down between her legs, into her crotch. I can see movement, she's finger fucking herself or at least fingering herself in some way, masturbating while she sucks me. Slowly she starts moving her head faster and then faster. She's trying to get me to cum. She wants my cum. She's enjoyed everything and now wants to get a load out of me. Her arm seems to be moving faster too, she's really frigging herself now.

I hold out for a little while but it's been weeks and I really want this, too, so soon I'm unloading in her mouth. Shooting off a decent load, more than average for sure. I can hear her lips smacking as she sucks me and takes my semen. She's got to be swallowing, I don't think anyone could hold that size load in their mouth. I finally shoot off my last little bit. She milks me with her lips a couple times, getting every last drop and cleaning my cock while she's at it. She finally sits back and stares at my much redder organ, already at perhaps three-quarters size as it starts to go flaccid. She looks up at me, grins, licks her lips, and starts to stand. She moves her hand that had been between her legs, the fingers inside her, up ahead of her. As she fully stands in front of me she aims her fingers at my mouth. "Taste?" she asks. I accept them and she pushes them in and I suck on them, tasting her. The taste is very noticeable, not slight at all. It's almost like I'm licking her pussy.

She pulls her fingers from my mouth and backs up a few steps to the bed. She sits on the very edge of the bed, her butt barely on it, and spreads her legs. She puts her hand back on her pussy and looks at me. "Taste some more." she states, then adds, "Please?" As I kneel on the floor and edge between her legs, she spreads them even wider. I don't get to her pussy immediately. Those lovely breasts are right in front of me so I hold one of them and get my mouth to it and get a nipple in my mouth as I hold the other breast with my other hand. Her nipple gets harder and I move my mouth to the other breast. After licking and sucking that nipple, I pull my head back and look down at her hairy muff. "You have a lovely body, Diane," I tell her as I lower myself by sitting back on my legs. I lean my face into her, get my hands on either side of her slit and pull it open slightly so I can get my tongue into her. I want to do everything for her that she did for me. 

I've eaten a lot of pussy in my life and I always like it. Partly I just plain like it, the feel, the taste. But largely it's because of the way it affects the woman involved. I've never met a girl yet that didn't go gaga over getting her pussy licked, her clit sucked. I can go about it in a way that lets me keep going for a long time or I can attack it and make her orgasm, make her cum, fairly quickly. I purposely tried to let this last at first before finally starting to speed things up, finger fucking and sucking relentlessly on her clit. She has a really nice pussy. Firm, not flabby. She was certainly ready, very juicy even before my tongue got to her, and has become more and more juicy, more and more flavorful. I get a hand behind her to hold her butt and push my face into her as I almost bite her clit and move two fingers in and out of her faster and faster. She cums. I can feel it. Her pussy actually clamps a little, quivers. Fluids flow, her whole body seems to jump and jerk. But she's fairly quiet. I can hear some moans and heavy breathing but no screams or yells. I keep at her until she's pulling on my hair, pulling my mouth away from her.

I lean back and she slides back onto the bed. "I hope you're hard again, I need a good fuck right now." The "right now" was said almost in capitals. It's an order not a request. I get up over her, she spreads herself wide, lifts her knees back up to make plenty of room and I get my very much erect-again cock aimed into her. As I slide in, she's pulling on my butt, urging me in further and further. She's very tight, it almost hurts to push my way into her. Once I'm fully inside her, she wraps her legs up around me, her heels on my lower back. "That feels so good," she says. She's looking up at me with an almost glowing aura, this is a very satisfied woman. I start pulling out and pushing in. She moves her legs off me and onto the bed so she can start pushing back until she's almost lifting me into the air. 

My cock has been in more vaginas than it should have. Some are tighter than others but all feel great as I move in them. I don't think tightness is a matter of virginity or promiscuity. I've never fucked a virgin and one of the girls I had that had fucked more than most others was one of the tightest. I've also never fucked a mother so I have no idea what a baby passing through the same canal does to tightness. So, it must just be a matter of the way people are built, some tighter than others. Most girls, even tight to begin with, loosen up as they fuck and movement becomes easier. This one is tight. Very tight. If she clamps on me when she cums like I've had happen before, someone may have to throw cold water on us, as I've heard has to be done to dogs, to separate us. I'm pumping into her but it isn't easy going, it's work. Pushing back and forth in her tight insides is really arousing but also requires some effort. 

While it stimulates me, it must stimulate her even more because after a short while she has an orgasm. She does clamp on to me, her body jerks and jumps and I can feel her fluids leaking around my cock in her. I pause for a moment but never pull out and start pumping in and out again. "Let's roll over," she says. Her legs must be very strong because she gave a big push that got us started and almost completed a roll. Without my cock ever coming fully out, she ends up on top. I'm flat on my back and she's riding me like a wild horse. I don't know whether anything is sexier than watching a beautiful female body fuck you. Her breasts bounce. Her perfect torso moves as her insides give my cock a massage. She stares up in a trance and looks down at me and grins. I get hold of her hips and help her ride me, then move a hand to her clit, diddling her right above where my cock keeps disappearing into her and then re-appearing again.

She cums again. She's louder this time but fortunately still not screaming full force as I've experienced in the past. I suspect she could but is aware of being in a hotel with others in nearby rooms. Her insides work my cock so much that it makes me cum too. Great sex. She lifts off and lays to the side. We're laying there, both naked, sexually sated for the moment, She's half on top of me, her leaking pussy on my thigh, one breast against my chest, her pretty face right above mine. "You're not a prostitute, are you?" I ask her quietly. 

She looks at me and grins. "Why do you ask that?" she says, her accent stronger than ever.

"You didn't give me a blowjob, you loved sucking my cock. I never used a condom and you never said a word. And you still haven't given me a price."

She leaned her head down and kissed me. Not a sexy kiss, a friendly kiss. "You're right. I'm not." She had no accent all of a sudden. "I'm not even Italian, I'm an American tourist, too. Diane Monahan from Glendora, California, good old USA."

I laughed, then put my hand on the back of her head and pulled her down so that I could kiss her. Seriously kiss her, sexy and not just friendly. "Outside the gelato shop you looked as if you were having oral sex with that ice cream cone. I figured you were sort of advertising your wares, looking for a customer."

She grins at me. "I was having oral sex with that ice cream. I was so horny I couldn't stand it. I stood near the street hoping that some wealthy Italian count would come by in his Lamborghini, pick me up and take me off to his castle where he would ravish me." She grinned, then added, "Repeatedly."

"Instead you got an American tourist."

"You seemed so innocent, naive. So I decided to try and play the role. I don't speak Italian and tried to use the very few words I knew and tried to copy Sophia Loren's accent. It worked, didn't it. At least for a while."

"But then you were too good at sex to be a whore. You really are good. And you really are Bellissimo."

She grins and then leans down and kisses me again. "You're good, too. When you were willing to eat the pussy of an Italian whore, I figured you must really like muff diving and I guess you do because you're really good, too. Probably the best I've ever had."

"You're really tight. I don't think I've ever been with anyone as tight as you. Fucking you is a terrific experience, especially since it's obvious that you want it so bad and really enter into it, too."

"Thanks. But I guess I wanted it too much. I really meant to have you use a condom. I'm on the pill so I'm not worried about getting pregnant but I should never fuck a complete stranger bareback like that. Although I loved it." She leaned down and kissed me again, tongue action this time. Maybe she's getting ready again.

'You do like eating pussy, don't you?" she asked as soon as the kiss ended.

"I guess I do. I certainly liked tasting you, you're very, very sexy."

"Well, the evening is still young. We aren't done are we? I should go wash up and then maybe you can go down on me again. I really love the way you eat me. You're good at it."

I kiss her and roll her off me and end up partly atop her. I slide down a little to work on her breasts. Her lovely, full breasts. Between fondling them and sucking on her nipples I tell her, "Don't wash up. I think eating a well fucked pussy is even better than a clean one. Tastier. There's nothing there but your fluids and mine anyway, nothing icky or bad. It's sexy. And it always seems to mean you get an orgasm even quicker" Then I slide down a little further top get my fingers and mouth to her wet, warm pussy again. It's a little softer now that earlier, a lot juicier. think I can get my tongue into her even further and when I get to her clit, it's actually standing out already, anxious for attention. And it gets lots of attention. I move to finger fucking her, three fingers in her, as I suck on her clit and she's into another orgasm in fairly few minutes. I just keep working on her. She either has a second orgasm or the one just hangs on a long time and soon she's pulling on my hair.

"It's great but stop, it's too much, I can't stand it any more, it actually hurts some."

"Problem is, I'm not erect again yet so I thought I'd just keep dining on your sexy bottom."

"I can get you up again. You're probably about ready anyway but my mouth can raise the dead."

With that, she's scooted around and is poised over my mid section, my penis, slightly better than totally soft, in her fingers. She leans down and gets her mouth to it. She licks and sucks and sure enough, it starts reacting, growing and getting firmer. "See," she says, "I never fail. There's something about me and cocks. I think they're what sex is all about. I love to play with them, feel them, taste them. Some people have a green thumb are just good with plants, I have the same thing with my mouth and cocks." She goes back to work on me for a short while, I'm finally fully up and hard again. She holds my cock but looks up at me for a moment. "You have a gorgeous cock, Jim. Sometimes I think I'd almost rather suck a cock than fuck. It's all just so sexy." She goes back to work on me. She's good at it, obviously loves what she's doing. She slurps and hums and seems to totally enjoy having me fill her mouth. I know I sure enjoy it. Having cum twice already, I'll last a long time now, though.
