 Mario stood at the door in my bedroom in total shock. I have never seen his cock get so hard so fast. Amanda was softly giggling into my quim. I languidly stretched my arms back and raised them above my head, playing with my long flowing blonde hair. "Hi baby", I said... "How was your day?"

"It... was good"... he stammered... "Is this... "

"Yes," I said smiling a wicked little grin, "This is Amanda and she is here to please me. You like licking my pussy, my sweet little girl?"

"Ohhhh yes", she breathed... licking my clit in delicate little circles. She spread my labia wide. I stroked her luxuriant mane of chestnut hair as she continued to devour my meaty pussy. I was moaning and really enjoying her cunt lapping skills. Over and over she traced my pussy with her hot little tongue. She gently started fucking me with her finger again then grabbed my jelly cock that I had conveniently put on my bedside table. God, I fucking love that thing. It's the closest thing to a real cock but it vibrates too. It's like having the hardness of a cock inside of you with a vibrating tongue. And OMG... she started sucking my big fake dick in her mouth. She then took it out and smiling at Mario then started to deep throating it. With a deep groan, Mario collapsed on the bedroom chair. I smiled because I set up the full length mirror right across from it. 

Mario started stroking his huge bobbing dick through his pants. I was getting so turned on from being watched. I could hear him breathing heavily. He was completely out of control... he couldn't do anything without my consent or say so. *I* am the one in control. It's MY pleasure, it's MY game. Lick me, baby girl... hear me moan. Taste my sweetness as my Bechamel sauce flows into your mouth. Does it taste good? Do you feel my clit getting hard?

My Sous Chef started to play with her pussy. She was fucking me so good now with that cock. I started humping her face, trying to reach every last stroke of her tongue. Shit... did she take LESSONS from Mario? Fuck fuck fuck... I'm gonna cum baby... 

I let out a shriek as the first spasm hit me. The combined stimulation of both my clit being licked and my G Spot pleasured made me jerk my hips uncontrollably. My pussy turned a deep rose color and opened completely to her touch. Mario moaned deep in his throat and RIPPED his pants off. I heard them tear. My little vixen said, "Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, you taste so good! I LOVE your pussy!" Just as she said that, she slipped her finger into my ass and I had an instant anal orgasm.

"FUCK!" I screamed, "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh my God, I'm CUMMING! I'm CUMMING! Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop!" At this point, Mario couldn't stand it anymore and got on the bed, his huge dong in his hand.

"Baby", he begged, in an urgent voice, "Please baby, I need you, please... my cock aches for you... please"... I put his hands on my huge 42DD tits and he began to knead them. Amanda's hands soon joined his and I watched as she took my breast in her mouth. She was stroking my body with her delicate little hands. The two of them laid side by side next to me and he began to finger-fuck my still quivering pussy. Amanda alternated between sucking on my huge tits and milking my pancake nipples.

My sweet little temptress sat on my face so I could eat her cream-filled muffin. Ohhhh the taste of that sweet... young... tight cunt. Just aching for the touch of my experienced tongue. I tickled her tiny little engorged clit with the tip of my tongue. I began to rub her hot tits as I was licking her vaginal hole. I reached under my pillow and grabbed my finger vibe and slipped it on. Mario was happily slurping my love juices and eagerly watching the action. I started rubbing her clit with the vibe as she bounced on my face. She reached down and fondled my tits as I moaned. I was humping Mario's face as I enjoyed the erotic ministrations of his tender and loving tongue. His nose was busily sniffing my hot slippery honey pot as his tongue fucked my dilated asshole.

Then I unlocked the Toy Chest... 

To Be Continued...