 JM102 -- Shelly

[Author's Note: Hello again! Not much to say about this one. I'm sorry it was so long coming, but it took me a while to summon up the courage (and the mood) to write again.] 

*

I managed to get all my stuff unpacked without further incident. It was awfully difficult, however; my head was full of Caitlin and what we had just done together. I had fully expected my first day at university to be confusing and full of questions, but there were just so many things that didn't make sense already. Did people normally just start making out with near-strangers? Was that a university thing? Or maybe just a Caitlin thing? She hadn't seemed like the sort of girl my high school peers would have deemed a 'slut', although I was forced to admit that I didn't have much to base that off.

I quickly dismissed the notion that the cause might have been something special about me. I was entirely unremarkable in pretty much every way: a little taller and a smidgen skinnier than average; neither ugly nor particularly attractive; relatively self-confident but lacking any real charm. I had long since resigned myself to not having women show any interest in me beyond a passing glance. Yet Caitlin had basically forced herself on me -- not that I was complaining. Not only had that been the first time a girl had even deigned to so much as touch my penis, I had fucked the best pair of tits I'd ever seen and blown my load all over her face. I'd basically skipped about a million intermediate steps, and with a girl I'd only just met, no less.

Add to that her weird attitude when talking about the Jackie Midlands hall, and my head was whirling. She'd said that the wardens had a liberal attitude towards sex, but it seemed that they weren't the only ones. Then there was the curious rule about second-years not being allowed to have sex with first-years. It seemed oddly specific and pointless, so naturally there had to be some hidden meaning behind it that I was missing entirely.

With a sigh, I made my decision then and there: I wasn't going to worry about it. I would focus on trying to ignore the weirdness and make friends. Maybe keep my head down a little bit, but generally just make the best of things.

When I arrived at the dining room for lunch, I was in for another shock. It was a little after twelve, so the long tables were quickly filling up as I made my way to the back of the line. The number of students didn't surprise me as much as the absurd abundance of females. "Holy shit," I breathed quietly as I scanned the room. "Am I the only guy here?"

"Rude," said a noticeably deep voice from behind me, and I spun around guiltily. It was the second-year I'd seen at reception, his mop of bleach-blond hair hanging over his eyes. He was very tall, at least six foot five, and gangly like a beanpole. He had a lopsided grin on that told me he wasn't being serious, but I felt the need to apologise anyway.

"Sorry, uh... was it Jacob? It just seems like . . . there's no other guys here." As the line shuffled forwards, I picked up a tray and continued to search the room. There were girls of all kinds -- including a disproportionately high number of very attractive specimens, I noted -- but I couldn't see any other males sitting around.

"Well, last year the hall finally realised its single-sex model wasn't in such high demand anymore. You know, there aren't many people who insist their kids are segregated from the opposite sex these days. So last year they let five guys in with the first-year intake as a sort of test run. There were a couple of incidents, but on the whole it went relatively well, so this year they're doubling that to ten dudes. The other four didn't stick around, though -- went flatting this year. I was the only one who stayed, but it's mostly just 'cause I'm lazy." He laughed heartily.

"So . . . where are the other guys?" I asked.

"There's one other who's arrived," Jacob said, "but he's sick so they sent lunch up to his room. The others are getting in tomorrow or Sunday. You two were the only ones coming in today. It's not just the dudes, though. Most of the girls aren't here yet either.

"So how many residents are there all up?" I asked, trying to do some quick math in my head.

"Okay, all the second-years and up are here, since Wednesday at least. That's me and about eighty chicks. Twenty-odd first-years have turned up this morning, with another thirty due this afternoon. Then tomorrow it blows up, with a hundred and twenty booked to move in, and about forty stragglers on Sunday. So about three hundred people all up, over two-thirds of them being first-years. So basically," he said, leaning in close to lower his voice, "you will have the most outstanding selection of tail in the world, little man."

That was a lot more than the 80-20 split Caitlin had mentioned. I tried to laugh along with him, but it sounded a little hollow even to me. "That's not exactly what I'm here for, you know," I protested.

"Dude, as long as you aren't ugly as sin -- which you aren't -- there will be girls lining up for the D. I tell ya, man, there's something in the water here. Being one of five dudes last year with three hundred chicks, I was getting laid every other night. It was fucking awesome."

Jacob was straying into TMI territory by now, but I was distracted by something he'd said. "Something in the water? What do you mean?" I was forcibly reminded of Caitlin's warning that there was something strange about JMH.

"I dunno, man. It's weird is all I'm saying. Everybody's DTF, all the time."

I didn't know what DTF was supposed to mean, so I just nodded sagely and ladled pasta onto my plate, reminding myself of my decision not to worry about it.

Once I'd finished piling my tray with a selection of what looked like surprisingly good food, I followed Jacob to a table. I didn't know anybody else here, and I would have felt exceedingly awkward sitting myself down with a group of girls. Luckily I recognised a couple of faces at the table we ended up at: Caitlin was there, along with a couple of the other second-years that I'd seen waiting around the reception area -- all girls, of course.

Caitlin greeted me with a smile and a wave as I slid into my seat. "Hey, Tim. You get settled in all right?"

"Yeah, thanks," I said. She gave no indication that she'd had my cum all over her face just a couple of hours earlier, so I tried to do the same. "I've got plenty of room."

"So this is the guy from your block, Cait?" said the girl sitting opposite me, scrutinising me closely as I tucked in to my pasta. "He's kinda cute."

I didn't know where to look, but I did my best to make eye contact with her as I nodded awkwardly. She wasn't bad-looking herself. Platinum blonde hair, an angular face with high cheekbones and blue eyes, and decent tits. Not quite as big as Caitlin's, but certainly very nice. I didn't say as much out loud, though, pretending I had my mouth full to avoid having to reply.

The girl giggled at my reaction. "Easy, sport. I'm just being friendly. My name's Shelly. I'm the RA for B block." She reached out to shake my hand across the table.

As I reached out to take it, I felt something bump against my knee beneath the table and slide up along my thigh. I narrowed my eyes at Shelly, but she gave me a wide-eyed, innocent look and shook my hand as if she had no idea what was happening. I glanced briefly at Caitlin in the seat next to her, but she was suddenly engaged in conversation with Jacob to my right.

The pressure on my thigh did not abate as Shelly continued talking. It felt like a bare foot, but I had wisely changed my thin shorts for jeans before coming to lunch, so I couldn't be sure. "You're Tim, right?" she asked. "I don't have any guys in my block, since most of them are in C or F. I might have to drop by and borrow you sometime."

"Borrow me for what?" I asked suspiciously.

"Oh, I don't know. Fun stuff," she said casually, but there was a glint in her eye that made me wary. The foot -- for that was what I was certain it was by now, made its way up my leg until it was resting right next to my crotch. Shelly seemed to be sitting slightly awkwardly in her seat, so there wasn't really much of a mystery as to who the foot belonged to after all.

"Fun stuff, huh... say, are you all right, Shelly?" I asked, injecting a note of concern into my voice.

"What do you mean?" She frowned.

"Sorry, but you're just sitting a bit funny. Is your chair uncomfortable?"

A brief flash of understanding crossed her face, but it was gone so quickly that I might have imagined it. "Oh, there's just not much leg-room under these tables. I'm just trying to find somewhere to put my feet."

"I'm sorry," I said, feeling far bolder than I would have thought possible. "I'll shift a little bit for you." I did shift, but it wasn't my feet that moved. I spread my legs a little further apart, allowing her easier access, full of disbelief at what I was doing.

"Oh, you don't have to do that," she said innocently. Regardless, Shelly's foot rapidly found its way to my crotch, pressing gently against the slowly growing lump of my cock. Her toes massaged me gently, and even through the denim I could feel the delightful undulations.

I quickly glanced at Jacob to see if he had noticed anything, but he was still talking to Caitlin. The girls on my other side seemed equally absorbed. The only person paying attention to me at all was Shelly, who was shifting slightly in her own seat as she stretched her leg out in front of her. I noticed that she had abandoned her lunch half-eaten, both hands out of sight beneath the line of the table.

"So, Tim," she said, punctuating my name with a not-altogether-unpleasant shove of her foot against my crotch, "tell me about yourself. Do you have a girlfriend back home?"

Not the usual opening question, I reflected, but then again, she did currently have her foot on my dick -- which, infuriatingly, was rapidly approaching being hard again. Even though I had been forced to jerk off after Caitlin left my room, it was apparently still up for more. "I'm single," I said simply, not trusting myself to try and form complex sentences.

"Really? I find that hard to believe coming from a guy like you," Shelly said teasingly, licking her lips in a manner that seemed involuntary and more than a little predatory. Her foot moved higher, finding my waistband and hooking over it. The contact of her toes under my shirt was soft and unexpected, and I had to stifle a gasp.

"You're too nice to me," I said weakly.

Shelly smiled mischievously, then nonchalantly changed the subject. "Say, Tim, Caitlin would have given you a bit of a tour, right? Did she show you around the B block area?"

"Um, I don't think so," I said, trying to ignore the foot which was now sliding up and down, back and forth across my abdomen. It was an entirely alien feeling, but I was starting to enjoy it. 

"Well, that's where all the recreational facilities are, so I think it's important you see them," Shelly said slyly. "What say I show you around after lunch, seeing as it's my area?"

"Sounds like a good idea to me," I said, making an effort to return to the lunch I'd been ignoring. Somehow I didn't think that a tour was all Shelly had in mind, but I didn't want to say anything too presumptuous.

"Then that's settled," Shelly said, and I breathed a quiet sigh of relief and disappointment as the foot was removed. She stood up and took her tray back over to the kitchen, then returned to frown at me. "Well, come on then!" she said sharply.

"I'm still eating," I protested vainly, but she gave me a look that made me realise I didn't really need to eat any more. Possibly ever. The power of those clear blue eyes was quite phenomenal. I stood up without further complaints and dumped my tray before following Shelly out of the dining hall. Caitlin gave me a questioning look as we went, but made no move to stop us.

Shelly led me back towards B block, which Caitlin and I had passed briefly on our tour earlier. It was indeed located amongst most of the recreational facilities. Rather than heading towards any of them, though, Shelly breezed past them all, walking at such a brisk pace that I couldn't catch up to speak to her. She made a beeline for the automatic doors of B block -- which looked almost exactly like those at C block's ground floor -- and I followed her through the foyer until we came to a stop outside a bank of lifts.

"Honestly, I don't know why we need three lifts," she grumbled, thumbing the call button several times. "There's only seventy residents in this building."

I didn't reply, taking the opportunity to look her up and down with greater attention. She was shorter and slimmer than Caitlin had been, with a waif-like build and a small, very tight-looking ass. She was wearing a pair of the tiniest denim shorts I had ever seen, leaving the smooth skin of her thighs almost completely exposed. She seemed to know it, too, glancing back over her shoulder at me as she walked into the lift. Her hips, not that there was much to them, swayed alluringly as she walked. I followed her into the lift like a zombie, not even trying to hide my gawking any more.

Shelly slid her ID card into a slot on the wall, pushed the top button on the panel -- marked 'R' -- and the doors slid closed.

"What's on the roof?" I asked.

"Just the best of all the ... recreational facilities here at JMH," Shelly said with a slightly wicked smile.

We rode the lift up in silence. There wasn't really much else to say. I just awkwardly renewed my efforts to not be seen perving, but it wasn't exactly easy. Shelly stretched her arms luxuriously, causing her tiny tank-top to ride up and revealing a wide expanse of tanned, toned stomach.

The elevator stopped with a 'ding'. I was so fixated on her midriff that it caught me by surprise when Shelly looped her arms around my neck and kissed me. My mind started to whirl as Shelly's lips crushed against my own; they were harder than Caitlin's, in a way, but no less intense. While Caitlin had been content to play around, Shelly was a businesslike kisser, going straight for weak spots even I didn't know I had.

Simultaneously, she dragged me out of the lift onto the roof. There was a small shed up here, I noticed out of the corner of my eye in one of the brief moments when my entire field of vision was not full of Shelly. Peppering my lips and face with short, hard kisses, she pulled me towards it, an awkward movement considering the way our bodies were entwined. Rather than open the door, though, Shelly dragged me around the side of it, to a small alcove between the shed and the chain-link fence that ran around the edge of the roof. Once there, she pushed me down onto my back and lay on top of me, her lithe body pressed against mine at every possible point of contact. Even through my jeans, my cock was standing at attention, and she rubbed against it with a purr of satisfaction. Her hands were in my hair, her lips on my neck, her legs entwined with mine.

Again, my mind went back unbidden to my earlier encounter with Caitlin. Where she had been passionate but deliberate, Shelly was eager and hasty. She sat back, stripped off her shirt and flung it aside, then moved back in to kiss me again, an act I gladly reciprocated. Finding my arms free, I reached behind her and unclasped her bra, letting it fall open. The closeness of our bodies prevented it from falling away, so I grabbed it and pulled it out from between us, tossing it mindlessly aside. The movement had the added effect of twisting her body about ninety degrees, and in a sudden flash of brilliance I grabbed her shoulders and continued to turn her so she was lying on her back. Sitting up, I now had her sitting in my lap, half-naked and writhing as my hands found their way to her breasts. I kneaded them gladly, revelling in the feeling of the soft handfuls of flesh in my hands. Shelly seemed to enjoy it too, moaning and twisting her head to kiss me again. It was an awkward angle, but I complied with relish. It actually made for a rather different and not at all unpleasant feeling.

I ran my hands up and down the rest of her body, from her collarbone to her hips. She was so tiny, and somehow I felt very much in control. Pulling away from the kiss, I went for her ear, biting at it gently and flicking it with my tongue. She let out a quiet, high-pitched whine and ground her ass against me further. I took that as a signal and continued, swapping to the other ear before attacking her neck with lips, teeth and tongue. Meanwhile, I worked a hand into the waistband of her tight shorts and began exploring there.

Her impatient hands took over, pulling mine out of the way and unbuttoning her shorts before hooking her thumbs into the sides and wriggling them off over her butt. I wasted no time in rubbing my hand over the damp cotton of her panties, eliciting a groan of pleasure as her body continued to writhe against me like a desperate wild animal in heat. My free hand toyed with her nipple briefly before she grabbed it and brought it to her mouth, sucking on my fingers willingly and with vigour.

Feeling bold, I slid one hand inside the waistband of her panties, finding her burning hot slit and slipping a finger inside in one motion. She was soaked already and I met no resistance, but her entire body tensed and arched against me. I gently added a second finger, hoping it wasn't too much.

It wasn't. Shelly moaned, long and low, and half-turned to rain kisses on my face again. I took that as a sign of appreciation and began working my fingers in and out of her pussy.

"Oh God," Shelly grunted as I did so, the first coherent words she'd come out with since we reached the roof. They quickly dissolved into nonsensical ramblings and squeaks as I increased the pace of my fingers, though. I idly wondered if it were possible that she was approaching orgasm. I'd heard girls took a lot longer than guys, but Shelly seemed to be peaking pretty quickly. Deciding to take a chance on that, I manoeuvred my thumb around until I found a tiny, hard nub I guessed to be the clitoris.

Pressing gently down on that caused Shelly to scream, and I withdrew my thumb in shock.

"Don't you dare fucking stop!" she hissed, so I shrugged mentally and returned to my previous position. "Oh, oh. Oh, Jesus!" Shelly was rapidly getting more and more vocal, and I wondered if anybody could possibly see us leant up against the wall of the shed on the roof of B block. The thought was driven from my mind, though, as her body began to shake.

It began with just another twitch as she writhed against me, but it rapidly grew in magnitude until her whole body was heaving spastically. She curled forwards, forcing me to come with her to keep my hand in her panties, bringing her knees up and rolling her whole body around her pussy as I continued to fuck her with my fingers. Her spasms grew stronger and stronger until finally she threw her head back, almost connecting with my nose, and her legs lifted off the ground as she reached her orgasm with an explosive "FUUUUUUUUUCK!" that hurt my ears. The walls of her vagina clenched around my fingers, hot liquid squeezing out around them.

Shelly remained tense for a good few seconds before falling back against my chest, seeming utterly spent. She slid down my front until she was lying between my legs, then looked up at me with a dreamy, half-asleep look on her face. "Mmmm," she moaned contentedly, rubbing her legs together as I slipped my fingers out of her. "Where did you learn to do that?"

I shrugged helplessly. "No idea," I said. It was worrying me, actually. I was woefully inexperienced, and that entire session had just come out of nowhere.

Still, I figured one shouldn't look a gift horse in the mouth. I leaned back against the wall of the shed, sighing contentedly as I let the warm noonday sun wash over my skin.