 Hello everyone. Feel free to skip this little intro if you like. 

Hello everyone else. So, It's been a while since my last entry in The Jack Off Sessions. My apologies. I've been working on this current entry off and on in the past few years, but haven't really had a chance to sit down and put it all together until now. 

Naturally, while working on a big followup to a series that people seem to like, the storyline ballooned. A lot of cutting had to be done to streamline things and give me a fighting chance to write something I'm happy with, or at least break it up into digestible portions. On the upside, I have a lot of material already completed so hopefully turnaround time will be a lot better for the next entry. There are at least 2-3 more stories out there with Brent and James, I think. Maybe a couple more for peripheral characters. We'll see.

I received a lot of great responses from readers and a lot of positive feedback. Thank you to those that contributed. 

If you're new to the series, it may be a good idea to re-read the previous entries to kind of get a good footing of what's going on. If that's too much to ask, here's a short summary: Brent and James are best friends with big dicks that start jacking off together during their senior year of high school. Over the course of the series, we meet a few peripheral characters, including James' sister. Most, in one way or the other, contribute to Brent and James' sexual exploration. There are suburban homes, backyard swimming pools, horny teens, hot girls, big dicks, nice tits, tight pussies, firm asses, and lots of cum. If that's your thing, this series may be for you.

Enjoy!

*****

Part 1

Brent sighed as the hot spray warmed his body. He closed his eyes and dipped his head under the stream and relaxed his shoulders, releasing the tension that accumulated over the long day. It had been over three months since he arrived on campus and despite all of the distractions, he still managed to stay focused. The past dozen hours or so was spent trying to cram as much information semi-permanently into his brain and he was glad to put it behind him and finally relax, at least for now.

His life had become routine, which was exactly what he wanted. He began almost every day waking up in his tiny dorm room at the crack of dawn, followed by a quick breakfast, which usually consisted of oatmeal that ate as he got dressed. He began his long trek across campus to his first class before most people hit the snooze button for the first time in the morning. His early class was followed by another, and so on until he eventually found himself at the furthest library from his dorm room. His day ended once he ran out of steam, which was usually just before midnight. 

This process repeated day after day, with only the weekends as a reprieve. Even then, he spent most of his time in the library or other designated quiet locations around campus so he could further revise papers, research, or study; whatever it took to keep his eye on the prize. 

Rinse and repeat. This was college life for Brent and he was okay with it.

Despite his seemingly unbreakable concentration, a brief glance outside of his dorm room window revealed a sorority house packed full of nubile coeds ready to party. Campus was a smorgasbord of potential mates, easily putting the most beautiful of his high school classmates to shame. Naturally he had desires, but he committed himself to avoid the natural pitfalls that almost completely sidetracked his senior year of high school back home.

Brent plucked the shower sponge from his caddy, squirted a glob of blue liquid onto it and began to make a lather over his neck and shoulders as he welcomed the memories into his mind's eye. He shut his lids and enjoyed the sensation of the soapy sponge as his hands lowered down his body in increments. Showering at this time of night offered him the perfect opportunity to release some of the residual tension in perfect privacy.

His mind swam with the images of the girls that crossed his path that day. Maria in his Sociology class liked to wear skin tight leggings and make extended eye contact with him when they talked. She seemed to love showing off her perfect ass and keeping him within view whenever she wore something particularly cute on a given day, which was almost every day. Meanwhile, Tabitha in his Ethics class made a valiant effort to hide her large breasts under an assortment of loose hoodies and pullovers, all of which Brent's imagination could see right though. Down the hall from from dorm room housed several would-be swimsuit models and fantasy fuel. There was Lindsey, Rachel, Katie, and Lucy, to name a few. By the end of the day Brent's spank bank was always topped off with new and interesting finds. 

He mentally compiled a montage of tight asses, full breasts, fuck-me eyes, and wet lips, all wanting his attention, all needing his touch. Bent over. Legs spread. On all fours. Talking filthy. Begging. Needing. 

He looked down at the engorged erection in his hand and sped up his stroke and adjusted his grip. Considering the time of night, he wanted to cum quickly. Success! He groaned as he felt the dam break. He began shooting his seed onto the white tiled walls of the small shower cubicle. He expressed every lingering pulse verbally as the sensation plateaued and eventually subsided. He smiled with satisfaction once he was finished and looked down to see his erection still engorged, admiring it's size. 

He thought about his best friend James at home deriding him for being such a "monk" and not "living up to his potential" by sharing with world the blessing he had between his legs. He laughed internally and debated masturbating again, but decided instead to revise a paper for his creative writing class before hitting the sack. He could be in there for hours edging himself to an explosive orgasm if he allowed himself. 

Once should suffice tonight, he begrudgingly thought to himself as he turned off the shower with a twist of a knob and reached out to grab his towel off the hook outside the stall. He draped the towel over his head and pushed the curtain open stepping out into the bathroom proper, leaving a trail of water under his slippered feet. He stretched his body, feeling any tension he accumulated over the long day was completely gone. 

The air was dense with steam and he enjoyed the cool feeling on his bare skin after such a long, hot shower. He kept his eyes closed as he brought the towel to his face and started drying himself from the top down. From his hair to his broad shoulders then his chest and lower, he could feel his semi-erect penis swinging in the air as he ran the towel over his nude body. By the time he brought it down to his waist and opened his eyes, he realized he wasn't alone.

Nick sat at the long wooden bench that ran opposite the length of the shower stalls. At his side was how own shower caddy stuffed with supplies. He seemed to have paused while taking off his headphones, apparently mesmerized by Brent'a surprise appearance right in front of him completely naked and at least somewhat horny.

Brent rarely spent enough time at his dorm during the day to get to know the people he shared his floor with, but he instantly recognized Nick as the guy that lived in the room across the hall. Brent followed Nick's eyes down to his penis and quickly wrapped his towel around his waist, trying his best to hide his lingering arousal. Nick looked up at him with an expression of astonishment, embarrassment, then cracked a friendly smile. Brent quickly tried to suppress the feeling of awkwardness.

Had he groaned audibly as he came? How long was Nick there?

At this point in his life, Brent had grown accustomed to others seeing him naked and aroused. His last year in high school was often spent masturbating with his best friend James. During that year of sexual exploration, they had even established a private jackoff sanctuary in James' family basement for their shared pursuit of exploring self satisfaction together. His college life stood in stark contrast to his life just a year prior, and it seemed he had regained a bit of his modestly in the time since then.

"All yours." Brent said as casually as he could. He gathered his shower caddy and held the towel tight against his waist. He left the bathroom without another word, leaving Nick alone to quietly process what he had just seen.

--

"Find the place okay?" Sam asked as James stepped out of the cold and into the warm apartment. Instantly, James could smell the faint odor of marijuana. He was a relative newcomer to vices, but enjoyed indulging from time to time. Unfortunately, his slide toward scholastic mediocracy during his senior year of high school put him back on the radar of his parents, and getting caught doing anything so untoward as smoking weed in their house would surely result in severe disciplinary action. 

So he behaved. He took classes at the local community college and maintained respectable grades, mowed lawns for his uncle's landscaping business which got him major points with his parents. He generally played by the rules as far as they were concerned. Still, he had temptations and desires. What he did while they weren't looking wouldn't hurt them.

Considering James came to Sam's to work on a sociology presentation, he doubted any weed smoking would take place tonight. It would probably be all business. He stepped past the foyer as Sam closed the door. 

Sam's apartment was adorned with choice picks from the timeless bachelor-chic line of home decor. A well worn black leather couch sat across a multi use entertainment center complete with an almost too-large flat screen television, perilously mounted to the wall between framed movie posters. Shelves and cubby holes were stuffed with an assortment of audio/visual equipment and gaming consoles. Tall bookshelves filled the wall in the far corner of the living room and packed with dvd cases, knickknacks, and random clutter.

"Not too bad, I just didn't realize you lived all the way in the back. This complex is pretty big." James said as he shook off his backpack and coat. He registered the space. Living room connected to a dining room, small kitchen, hallway in the back, probably where the bedrooms and bathrooms were. Good to know. 

The warmth of the apartment was a welcome break from the crisp fall air outside. Though James usually enjoyed the rapidly cooling temperatures this time of year, the long bike ride to reach this particular apartment left a chill in his bones. He dropped his belongings in the seat of a dining room chair and began unpacking his bag.

"Cold out there." Sam said, emptying his own backpack next to James'. "Want anything to drink? Coffee or something?"

"Have any beer?" James asked, expecting an answer in the negative.

"Sure." Sam pulled two beers from the fridge and handed one to James. They both popped the caps, clinked bottles, and took swigs. James enjoyed the slight numb that followed.

"So, where'd you come from? You walk or something?" Sam asked as he sat down at the table.

"South hall library. Rode my bike here." James replied.

"No car?"

"Still saving up."

"That sucks."

The microwave beeped. Sam returned with two hot pockets on a couple of paper plates and brought it to their makeshift work space at the dining room table. They washed down the pretzel crusted, cheese filled food substitute with more cheap beer as they continued working on their sociology project together. 

It was tedious work assembling data and organizing the structure of the project into something coherent, but it was coming together. The only loose ends were the contributions from the other group members so Sam said he would make some calls to ensure they would be ready. He excused himself as he pulled out his phone and disappeared down the hallway. 

James stood to stretch his legs and wandered around the room. The framed poster of a decades old Tarantino crime-romance film triggered a childhood memory of James and Brent watching this movie when they were kids. The story made no sense to their young minds, but they loved how cool everything seemed.

His eyes drifted to one of the bookshelves. A stack of textbooks were flanked by numerous console game and movie cases. James took a deep swig from the cold bottle and made a mental list of all the ones he was familiar with.

"I stream most things nowadays." Sam said as he joined James at the bookshelf. 

"I had really shitty internet back home. It would go out all the time, so I couldn't really watch anything all the way through reliably, so I just started buying hard copes of all my favorite stuff instead." He continued.

"I hear you. I like hard copies too." James replied.

"So, I spoke with everyone. They're good to go." Sam said.

"Cool, so..." James started, then paused as he noticed a block of movies unlike the rest. His eyes went wide. The entire third shelf and the three below it were filled with porno movies and an assortment of adult magazines. His eyes shot to the other bookshelf and found a similar arrangement.

"Damn, dude. You have a lot of porn." James chuckled. 

"Not as big as some collections I've seen." Sam laughed then continued, "My brother gave most of this stuff to me when he joined the service. I've added a few since then."

"Impressive. I have a couple cardboard boxes stashed in my basement with all my stuff. Hidden away like a dirty little secret. I wish I could have all of it out in the open like this." James said plucking a magazine from the bottom row. 

It was the issue of Lollypop with an Asian porn star on the cover, kneeling in front of an occupied glory hole. James smiled. He remembered that day vividly. 

"Big deal, right? Everyone watches porn." James said flipping the pages, stopping on 17.

"A man of culture as well, I see. You know that was shot here?" Sam said, nodding toward two page foldout image of a very large erection coming out of a hole in a wall. The busty Asian beauty in front of it pressed one hand down to the base and firmly squeezed with one hand. Her other hand wrapped around the thick shaft just under the head, over eight inches away. The tip rested on her tongue, spilling cum down her chin and onto her breasts.

"Really?" James pretended he didn't know. He wondered how convincing he was. 

"Yeah. You know that porn shop on State road?" Sam asked.

In this town, everyone knew exactly where the handful of porn shops were located. Wonderland was the most remote and least conspicuous of the bunch. James was a frequent customer.

"Wonderland?" James offered almost instantly.

"Yeah." Sam cocked his head, surprised James knew it by name.

"No shit." James feigned shock. He suspected he wasn't selling it enough, but didn't really care enough to make the attempt. 

He had a copy of this very same issue at home. He remembered that day clearly; seeing the beautiful woman in the skimpy outfit standing the video section, following her inside the arcade section, finding the open booth, sliding his penis though the glory hole and being serviced by a mouth on the other side. 

He remembered the seeing a bright light and hearing muffled voices through the hole on several occasions. He knew he was being recorded or at least photographed and was happy to give them a show. He didn't realize at the time that he would be immortalized in a national porno magazine.

So, you still live at home, huh? Still gotta keep all the kinks hidden away?" Sam asked.

"Yeah, it sucks."

"You working?"

"I help my uncle out with his landscaping business, but the hours blow."

"No student loans, scholarships, or anything to help out?"

"Nah, I kinda bombed my Senior year of high school. Hence Junior College. Parents won't co-sign any loans either. Hence no car or apartment. I'll probably have enough saved up by the time I transfer out of here." James explained, sliding the magazine back into it's place. He noticed one of the drawers at the bottom of the of the bookshelf wasn't fully closed. Looking closer, he saw variety of lubricant bottles filling the space. 

"Dude, you have a lube drawer?" James chuckled and looked at Sam. 

"Yeah, I guess I've accumulated a collection over the years." Sam tried to respond as naturally as possible. He matched James's smile and was glad he hadn't freaked out. James actually seemed to be pretty open minded about it, Sam thought. He wondered exactly how open minded he was.

"Can I see?"James asked.

"Sure." Sam crouched down and pulled the drawer open. James turned the bottles to see the labels. 

"That's funny, dude. I have some of the same ones, myself."

"No shit?"

"Yeah... Stroke, Swiss Navy, Wet, classic KY, Astroglyde... I've never seen this one though." James picked up one with foreign writing. 

"My brother got that one from Korea, I think."

"Any good?" James asked while looking over the text of the bottle, understanding none of it.

"Yeah bro, It's pretty good... stays wet, doesn't get all sticky like some of the others. Washes away with water. Easy clean up." Sam was surprised that James seemed completely unfazed at browsing his porn collection or casually talking about which lube they used to jack off with. Very surprised, indeed.

James' eyes grazed the titles of videos on the shelf above the lube drawer. Several were still wrapped. Sam noticed where he was looking.

"I just got those in from this website I go to. Haven't had a chance to watch them yet." Sam explained.

James slid out the seventh sequel of Cumshot Queens from between copies of Long Johns Big Dong and Nine Nights of the Nympho Knights. The titles always got James. He couldn't help but to laugh.

"I might have to open a membership here, dude. You definitely have some stuff I don't have." James said. 

Sam seemed to physically relax at that point. He took a swig from his beer and gave James a moment to peruse more of his collection. 

"Wanna watch one?" He finally asked. 

Sam knew this was the make it or break it moment. Aside from class, he and James hadn't talked about much really. This being their first time hanging out he was hesitant about sharing his carnal interests, but in his experience it was better to "keep things real" rather than to hide behind a facade. James seemed to be at ease with the porn, the lube, and Sam got the vibe that he would be game for more. So, why not put it all out there and see where the line was? Sam always had room for new friends.

"Sure. Got any favorites?" James responded without missing a beat. 

Watching porn with company was a concept familiar to James. Almost his entire senior year of high school was filled with post class jack off sessions with his best friend Brent. After college separated them, James made due going solo whenever he could get a moment alone. He actually missed having company when he masturbated and often thought about finding another like minded person. Until now, he didn't have a clue where to start. 

"I'll find something." Sam smiled.

--

Part 2

A knock at the door pulled Brent's attention away from the sorority house outside of his window. He tied the belt of his bathrobe into a lose knot, securing it shut. He tried to will his erection away, failing miserably as he looked out of the peephole to see Lucy standing outside. He opened the door.

"Hey Lucy, what's up?" He asked. He was surprised to have a visitor, let alone the cute girl with the pixie haircut from down the hall. She stood in front of him wearing a white button down oxford, two sizes two big. He wondered if she wore anything underneath.

"Can I come in?" She asked timidly, barely looking at him.

"Uh, I just got out of the shower." He stammered, wondering what her reason was for the unexpected visit. He looked at the clock. It was after midnight.
