 Author's Note: I originally posted this story under the name zeke81. Time has passed and I've had several suggestions about improving this story so I am submitting this revised version. Please feel free to read the version posted under zeke81 and let me know which version you think is better.

ZENDO_ARGOS

--------------------------------------------

"Good morning, Miss Roberts." Mark said.

"It's Mrs. actually, but please call me Nicole." Nicole said.

"Okay Nicole, I was looking over your resume before you got here and I'm afraid that it's not that impressive. There are other candidates for this position with a good deal more working experience and better qualifications than you have. I'm a reasonable man though; I understand that it's hard to get started in the world unless someone is willing to take a chance on you. So tell me Nicole, why should I take a chance on you?" Mark asked.

"Well sir, I'm sure that you are aware that not all of a person's qualifications can be put on a piece of paper." Nicole said.

"That's very true. What can you bring to the table that isn't easy to put on this piece of paper?" Mark asked.

"Well, I'm very easy to get along with, and I get along with others quite easily. I'm very good at working as part of a team. I can also do things on my own effectively as well. I would be able to work long hours with you when normal working hours just aren't enough to get things done. I would even be able to go away with you on business if you were to need me to." Nicole said.

"Really? I thought you were married. What would your husband think of you working long hours and going on business trips with your boss?" Mark asked.

"Sir, my husband is a workaholic. I see him primarily only on weekends, and that's only when he's not away on business himself. In fact it was my husband that suggested that I try to get a job to fill all of my free time; which is something that I have a whole lot of." Nicole said.

"Well, I must say that I'm surprised that a young woman like you has the free time to work at all. Forgive me, but I would figure that you would have a couple of kids running around at home to take care of." Mark said.

"I truly wish that were the case, but unfortunately I am unable to have children. My husband and I are considering adoption because we do want to have a family, but we're looking more at older children that could be put in daycare. My husband's work provides daycare services to employees." Nicole said.

"Well, I'm very sorry that you aren't able to have your own children. I can only imagine how that must feel." Mark says.

"Thank you for your sympathy sir, it was devastating at first, but I've come to accept it." Nicole said.

"While it is unfortunate that you can't have children; I can see one definite advantage of your situation." Mark says.

"What's that?" Nicole asks.

"You can have all the sex that you want without being on birth control or using a condom and you don't have to worry about an unwanted pregnancy." Mark says.

"Yes, I suppose that's true. Personally I'd rather have the baby." Nicole says.

"Of course. Well Nicole, it was a pleasure meeting you and I wish you luck, but I'm afraid that you just aren't what I need in an assistant." Mark says.

"Please sir, give me a chance. This is my last hope for a job." Nicole says.

"I'm sorry Nicole, but I just can't rationalize hiring a woman that has absolutely no experience and doesn't have the necessary qualifications to such an important position." Mark says.

"Please sir, I need this job, I'll do anything to get it." Nicole says.

"Anything huh?" Mark asks.

"Yes sir, anything." Nicole says.

"Okay, let's see if you're telling the truth about that. Stand up." Mark says.

Nicole stands up.

"Touch your nose." Mark says.

Nicole feels silly but she touches her nose.

"Touch your chin." Mark says.

Again Nicole feels silly but she touches her chin.

"Touch your left ear." Mark says.

Nicole touches her left ear.

"Touch your right breast." Mark says.

Nicole looks at Mark with concern.

"Sir..." Nicole says.

"I didn't stutter Nicole. If you want to have any chance of getting this job you will touch your right breast." Mark says.

Nicole takes a deep breath and moves her hand to her breast.

"Very good, now take off your dress." Mark says.

"Sir, I must protest, this is highly inappropriate." Nicole says.

"You said that you would do anything to get this job. Did you mean it or didn't you? If you didn't mean it that means you were lying and I certainly do not want a liar working for me." Mark says.

Nicole takes another deep breath and reaches behind her back and unzips her dress. She slips it down off her body. She's careful not to let it fall on the floor. She drapes it over a chair and turns back to face Mark in nothing but her bra, panties, a garter belt, and a pair of stockings.

"Good; very good. Now the rest of it, take the rest of it off." Mark says.

Nicole looks at Mark and then lowers her head in shame as she begins to remove the rest of her clothing. 

First she unclips the garters from her stockings and takes them off; and pulls the garter belt off. She unclasps her bra and pulls it off exposing her breasts. Finally she steps out of her panties leaving her standing in front of Mark completely naked. She holds one arm across her chest and her other hand in front of her pussy.

"I wanted you to get undressed so that I could see you naked Nicole. Please move your arms out of the way so that I can get a good look at you." Mark says.

Nicole hesitantly moves her arms away from her breasts and pussy.

"That's a good girl. Now slowly turn around for me so I can see you from the sides and the back as well." Mark says.

Nicole slowly turns around.

"Very nice. Now get on your knees." Mark says.

"On my knees?" Nicole asks.

"Yes, on your knees." Mark says.

Nicole gets on her knees. Mark opens his pants and walks over to her.

"Open your mouth." Mark says.

"Please sir..." Nicole says.

"Do you want this job or not?" Mark asks.

Nicole takes a deep breath and opens her mouth. Mark puts his cock in her mouth.

"Now suck it and suck it good." Mark says.

Nicole has to fight back the tears as she sucks Mark's cock. He cums in her mouth then pulls out of her mouth and walks over by his desk.

"Very good. Now, come over here, sit on the edge of the desk, and lean back on your elbows." Mark says.

Nicole sits on the edge of the desk and reclines on her elbows.

"Spread your legs open for me." Mark says.

Nicole has tears in her eyes as she spreads her legs apart fully exposing her pussy to Mark. Mark walks up between her legs.

"Please don't..." Nicole starts.

"Don't worry Nicole, it's not like you're gonna get pregnant." Mark says.

Mark plunges his cock into her and fucks her hard and fast shooting his cum into her. Nicole reaches orgasm as the cum enters her.

"Now put your clothes on and get out of here." Mark says.

"What about the job?" Nicole asks.

"We'll make our final decision and give you a call in a few days, but you really improved your chances today." Mark says.

Nicole gets dressed and walks out of Mark's office. The woman behind the desk smiles at her when she comes out.

"So did he give you my job today?" Lisa asks.

"No, he said he'd be making his decision and he'd call me in a few days. It looks like your job is safe for a few more days Lisa." Nicole says.

"I guess we'll see you tomorrow then." Lisa says.

"Make sure he's got at least an hour open in the afternoon. I'm really determined to get your job." Nicole says.

"He's actually got an opening from 2:30-4:00. I'll schedule your next 'interview' during that time." Lisa says.

"That will be great. See you tomorrow." Nicole says.

Nicole walks out and a few minutes later Mark comes out of the office.

"Did my wife already go home?" Mark asks.

"Yeah, I think she was a little upset that you didn't give her my job today." Lisa says.

"Hey, she claimed to be a woman that was unable to have children and was desperate for a job. I decided to go with the use the pathetic woman and get rid of her routine." Mark says.

"Well she must really want my job because she's scheduled for another interview tomorrow from 2:30-4:00." Lisa says.

"An hour and a half? You might want to clean out your desk, an interview like that might just be enough to convince me to hire her." Mark says.

"I'll wait to clean out my desk until after the interview, just in case. Do you think this is all because of the pregnancy or is it stuff she wanted to do before but the hormone swings of pregnancy are letting her ask for them now?" Lisa asks.

"I don't know Lisa, but I'm gonna enjoy it for as long as I can. Oh, call the flower shop and have a dozen roses ready for me to pick up on my way home." Mark says.

"Yes sir." Lisa says.