 The date started by me picking out the dress she should wear. Going through her closet, I picked a dark blue wrap-around dress and laid it on our bed. I picked out her panties, and a pair of strappy high-heels. I even picked out her jewelry, which was purposely very minimal. On top, I placed a note in an envelope.

"Be ready at 6 for a very special meal! Please wear ONLY what I have laid out for you. No substitutions or additions! :)" She came in and found the clothes laid out and the note. I loved the expression on her face when she asked what was going on. I drank in her excitement. She read the note, and the mixture of joy and puzzlement was thrilling to me.

"Oh, you forgot a bra! Silly man! You forget those things." She started for her drawer where she keeps them. My hand stopped the drawer from opening.

"I didn't forget." 

She looked into my eyes. A little shocked. A little pleased with my implied complement. She started to protest. She is a natural DD, and feels very self-conscious when she does not wear a bra. But I knew my normally conservative wife has a girl-gone-wild inside of her. It just needs a bit of coaxing to come out. I told her the "no bra" was very important to me. She acted reluctant, but said yes.

She looked stunning! She kept looking in the mirror. She tried every angle, worried that the lack of security of a bra and the looseness of the wrap-around dress might expose her. And she could see her nipples through the fabric. So could I. She did not like how much her breasts moved as she moved. I liked it very much!

I wrapped my arms around her from behind and insisted that she looked gorgeous and that the way she looked was a huge gift to me. She kissed me, and said she would do it for me, but that I owed her - big time! I just smiled. We walked out together. Walking out the front door she was looking both ways to see if anyone was looking at us. They weren't. I opened the car door for her. I could tell she was being extra careful getting in. We went to one of our favorite restaurants. The hostess already had our name, and she escorted us to our table. My wife was still self-conscious as we walked, but now with a bit of pride. I had worked hard the entire trip to convince her that she looked amazing. If anyone stared, it would be out of desire or jealousy, not judgment.

Months ago I had spotted the perfect table for our adventure, and I made sure that we got it. The table had room for four, but also worked well for just the two of us. This restaurant has an unusual design with a maze of adjoining dining rooms and twisty hallways to connect them. This table was not near any others. It had a view of a bigger dining room, but it was almost a cubby in the hallway. Only the wait staff would walk close by, and even those were likely coming to our table. 

The waiter brought us our first drink, and I waited until the first glass of wine was half gone. Then I put a small jewelry box on the table. She looked at me with a sparkle in her eye and the joy of a kid at Christmas. 

"What's this?" She asked?

"It's for you," I replied, "but it isn't free!" 

I let the mystery linger a bit and enjoyed the amused but puzzled look on her face. She already knew I had some wild intentions for the evening, and by wearing what I had asked her to, she had already set her mind to enjoy it.

Leaning close to her perfumed neck, I whispered, "To get what is in this box, you have to flash me!"

"In here?" she asked.

"If you want what is in the box...." I replied. She took a quick look around. The round booth we were sitting in had a view of some other tables but as I mentioned had just a bit of a secluded feel. Since the booth was round, it would be fairly easy for her to turn to me, and give me a semi-private show.

"You picked this table on purpose!" She was starting to realize just how much planning had gone into this evening. The fact that I had planned this, special night and kept it a secret pleased her. And the mystery box was really getting to her.

We were both very excited now. I could feel my heart racing. I had planned this evening to be a thrill ride, but it was up to her now whether this would be a great evening or a bust. She looked around several times trying to see if anyone was looking our way. She swallowed the rest of her wine from her glass. Deciding she could get away with it, she pulled the top of her dress apart. Not only did she give me a flash, but she left her dress open until I said "Thanks!" The whole time her dress was open, she was drinking in my lusting stare.

She put her lovely breasts away and I handed her the box. She opened it with a giggle. Inside the box was an earring. I had picked it out carefully. I knew she was going to love it, and she did. She took it out, and told me it was gorgeous. 

"Where is the other one?" she asked.

I put another box on the table! Just then the waiter came back and brought us our salads. When he left she was all about the new box.

"To get this box, you have to let me feel!" I said with a wink. Again she looked around the room to see if anyone was paying attention to us. Satisfied that no one was looking, she opened the top of her dress again and I cupped her breasts. Looking around myself, and satisfied we were not getting any attention, I bent down and sucked on her breasts. When she pulled my head to her and gasped, I knew this was going to be everything I had hoped for.

I did not want to over-do it by doing too much too early. I fondled her just long enough to know her pussy was tingling and sat back up. Her shudder as she wrapped her breasts back up told me I had timed it well. She was clenching her legs together and could not hide her lust revealed in her face.

I slide the box over to her, and she opened it up. She took both of her other earrings off and put on the new ones. I was difficult to eat, as our hunger was more for each other now than the food, but I waited until the salad was half way gone, then I put another box on the table.

She looked up with me, surprised and said "Another one?" 

I enjoyed the moment, drinking in her excitement. Then I whispered, "I think you can guess what to do for this one."

I had something in mind to tell her if she said she didn't know. But I wanted to wait to see what she would come up with on her own. She looked at me for a few moments, then smiled and excused herself from the table. I had time to eat a few bites of salad before she came back. As she slid back into the booth, she pressed her something into my hand. It was her panties! Thrilled I put them in my pocket. Looking around again to see if anyone was watching, she spread her dress, and spread her legs! She let one of her legs drape over mine, rubbing the bulge in my pants quite effectively. 

I let her be exposed like that for what seemed like forever, but was probably less than a minute. Then I handed her the box. It was longer than the other two, and inside was a necklace that matched her earrings. (Knowing what I had planned for this jewelry, I really enjoyed shopping for just the right pieces.) She opened it, and I knew I had done well by the stunned look on her face.

"It's gorgeous!" she said breathily. 

"Not as gorgeous as what I just saw!" I said softly, with my hand on her leg.

The waiter came back as she was putting her necklace on. He must have caught some good cleavage as he cleared away our salads, because he nearly dropped one of the plates, and he was definitely staring. 

"Isn't it lovely?" my wife asked. She was not sure if she was showing too much cleavage, but she made no attempt to cover up, which made my cock nearly rip my pants.

He came back with some more wine, and our main course. To be honest, I can't remember what we ordered that night. It didn't matter. I was not interested in food any more at all. I do remember it was good though.

After a few bites, out came another box!

Now her mind was racing! What could I possibly expect for the fourth box?

"What are you thinking?" She asked a little shocked now. "Your not thinking sex are you? Sex in here? Come on! We would get caught!"

I didn't answer her right away. Instead I went back to eating. I want all the thoughts she had in her mind to have their effect on her. No I did not expect to have sex, exactly, but I was enjoying her toying with the idea.

"Honey! We can't!" she pleaded. 

"Relax!" I said, "I won't make you do anything you don't want to do."

She seemed both relieved and just a little bit disappointed.

"So what am I supposed to do for that box?"

I let my mind race now with what I should ask of her. I had not fully planned this part out, since it would depend so much on her previous reactions. I was quite sure that if I asked her, she would have slipped under the table and given me a blowjob. I toyed with the idea, but I really wanted to make this night more about her than me. If I let her do that, it would have been a memory of her pleasing me. This was going to be a night she would remember as all about her.

"You have to let me touch you!" I whispered.

"What if I cum?" she asked. "Some times I can't be quiet."

"That is what I want for this box."

I let my hand rub her right leg gently as she went back to eating. She took a good gulp of wine, and looked around the room some more. She spread her legs, and used her arm to nudge my hand up higher. I took my time moving my hand up her leg, spreading her dress as I went. As I got close, her legs came further apart, and she slid her hips forward on the curved bench seat. By the time my hand reached her pussy, it was already dripping wet. She bit her lip a little and slid her pussy right to the edge of the cushion. My index finger slid in easily, and with my palm I pressed up against the mound shielding her clit. She whimpered a bit as she tried to press hard against my hand.

My plan was to leave my hand there, touching, stroking, and driving her crazy until the check came. But she had other ideas. She stopped eating and moved her right hand down to my very stiff cock. There was no looking around to see who might be looking any more. She was way past that point. In fact, the idea that someone might see her touching the cock she loved was turning her on.

Before I could say anything, she had my pants unzipped. My cock was so stiff that it pressed out bulging my underwear out. She gripped my cock as I began to make my hand vibrate on her pussy. Now it was almost a contest. Who could drive the other person more crazy?

Because my cock was so stiff, and we were sitting, it was not going to be easy to get my cock out of my underwear, but she was determined. When she finally got it loose, she whispered, "I want to suck it. Do you think I could suck it in here?"

"No," I said. "The tablecloth is too short to hide you. People would see you."

"I really want your cock!" she whimpered as I continued to spread her pussy wetness through her pussy lips, and stroke my finger in and out. "Your finger isn't enough!" she said. "I want your cock!"

She could barely speak as she croaked out that last statement. Her legs clamped together as she gripped my cock with her hand as hard as she could. Her eyes closed and with her left hand she added pressure to my hand and squirmed on my hand. Like it or not, she was cumming, and cumming hard. In order not to make noise, she decided not to breath at all. Her eyes were rolled back, her mouth was open. But no air was coming in or going out. I could feel her pussy throbbing on my fingers. I had three of them in her now, trying to simulate the fullness of my cock. 

Unable to hold her breath any longer, she sucked in a long breath and her body shook. Clutching me close to her, she let the wave spread from her pussy radiating through her body. She shook a few more times, and then pulled my hand away, now she had cum, and it was too intense. (If we had not been in the restaurant, I would have kept my hand there, using that intensity to maker her cum again, but getting caught would have ruined the evening. The risk of getting caught is exciting. Actually getting caught would be unpleasant.) 

As she began to regain her senses, she still had her hand on my cock. She began stroking, wanting to even the score. But I did not want to cum that way. Her breathing was still heavy, and her face was flushed.

The waiter came back and asked if we were all right and if we cared for dessert. I asked for the bill, and he refilled our wine glasses.

I pushed the fourth box toward her and she finally let go of my cock. It was a bracelet. It didn't exactly match the earrings and necklace, but it was close. She liked it a lot, and while she put it on, I managed to get my cock back in my pants and zipped up. It wasn't easy!

The waiter brought the bill and some to-go boxes. I paid in cash, so we could leave quickly.

The car we drove that day was a full-sized custom van with captain's chairs in the middle. I pulled down the shades, leaving only the two front windows and the windshield uncovered, and we went the bench seat in the back.

She had my pants down quickly and sucked my cock like she was starving for it. I was trying to adjust the middle captains chairs in front of us to make more room. It was hard to make her stop sucking my cock. She is so good at it! But I wanted in her pussy badly, so I found the will to hold off.

She swirled her tongue around my shaft, took me deep in and cupped my balls. It was all I could do not to cum, but I found a way. I undid the belt holding her dress together and she slid completely out of it. She sat facing me, her lips kissing mine. I cupped her butt as she slid forward and back on my fat cock. I was able to lift her butt up and down as she slid her soaking wet pussy on my cock.

When I would get close to cumming, I would stop and cup and suck her breasts. When I did that, she would stay all the way down on my cock and grind her pussy onto me. It didn't take much longer. We both wanted to cum so bad. When I could feel her pussy start to spasm on my cock I gripped her butt hard and pushed for all I was worth. My cum felt like an explosion! I lost all sense of where we were.

All I knew was that I wanted to be in her as deep as I could possibly go.

She was biting my neck as she ground on my cock and spasmed with wave after wave of orgasm. Then she reached her hand down between us and began rubbing her clit. She had come on the inside, now she was cumming on the outside. (That is how she describes it.)

Now something surprising happened. I started getting ready to cum a second time without getting small first. That was the first time that happened for me. I have learned how to cum now in a way that I don't lose my erection and I can cum again. I am not sure how I figured it out. But it is a way of sort of cumming in a different way than the first time. After that the second orgasm lasts a long time.

I think this is what they teach in "Tantric" sex? I don't know. I can't do it all the time, and I don't try very often, but if I focus on it, I can sometimes cum two times this way. Never more than two though.

Anyway she had a hard time believing I was cumming a second time, but I insisted I was and when she finally believed me, she got really turned on again herself. She wanted to see this miracle!

We switch to doggy style, and as I pumped her I reached around and cupped a breast with one hand and rubbed her clit with the other. After a minute I stopped cupping her breast and instead started pushing a finger into her butt. She told me she liked it, and I pushed it all the way in. So I had one hand on the front rubbing her pussy, my cock in her pussy and my finger from my left hand in her butt. I could feel my own cock with my finger in her butt.

She began to beg me to fuck her as she started cumming again. My cock felt so fat sliding in and out of her. It was shiny in the streetlights from the front window. My balls were slapping against my right hand rubbing her pussy.

Again I lost sense of where we were. It was like my entire consciousness was in my cock and wanting to be deep in her. She told me afterwards that I was making a sexy growl she had never heard before. All I knew was I was fucking the most perfect pussy and I wanted to cum forever. I lost track of time. It seemed like I would never stop cumming. I don't know how long I came, but she told me she came two more times while I was still cumming. I just couldn't stop!

When I did finally stop, it was almost like my conscious mind wanted control back and said, "Ok that's enough!" 

I sat back down on the bench seat, and she got back on my still stiff, but not so stiff cock. We held each other, enjoying how slippery our bodies were, sweat and cum etc. I kissed her, and we just sat there and held each other and breathed.

My cock got smaller, and finally when she squeezed on it, it came slithering out.

I found a towel for her, and we cleaned up. The front seats in the van are too far apart for cuddling, so we just held hands while we drove home.

Now every time she wears that jewelry, we smile and think of the night she earned it. And she wears them often!