 One of the nice perks of teaching at large universities is Teaching Assistants. They basically do the grunt work and you show up and lecture. I had always been fortunate with TAs and had very good workers over my first few years at State. I also had a few who were hot coeds. Against the rules and better judgment, I had banged the hell out of a few of my TAs before meeting Allison. It was probably not smart, but it was nice knowing that every semester I had 2 or 3 assistants that I could "consult" with at any time and that the consultation would end my cock in their mouth or pussy.

My new lab assistant Kathy, had been assigned to me from student employment at the beginning of the fall semester. She was on a work study program and sometimes seemed more of a secretary than a lab or science person. She was not an overly talented student and I was not sure that she had what it took to be successful as a doctor. Still, she was determined to go to medical school and become a pediatrician. I had my doubts she would make it. 

Kathy was as hot as hell and knew it. She used her looks for advancement and to get out of work. I knew for a fact that some of her work in my class had been completed by others. She was also very aloof and despite some of the nicer guy students in my class showing interest in her, she never gave any of them a chance. She was cold and distant. Despite her attitude, she was sexy, she had the fullest set of lips I had ever seen on a woman. Long dark brown hair framed her model face and hazel eyes. She was at least 5 8 or 9 and could not have weighed much over 110 pounds. She was tall, thin and except for her huge boobs and curvy ass, Kathy could have been an athlete. She had modeled for a clothing line growing up and it was clear to see why occasionally there were small regional magazines pictorials of Kathy wearing a bikini, circulating around the science hall.

She was also about to be the latest subject in my new sexual discoveries. After everyone had left the building on a Friday afternoon, I told Kathy that I needed her assistance on an experiment. I informed her that it would only take a few minutes and that I would add 2 hours to her work time sheet. We went to a remote lab deep in the science hall old basement. Once we were inside my private research lab, I made the decision that would change my life forever. I reached back and locked the door behind us, ready to test out the pills for the second time.

I told Kathy that I was working on a formula that increased concentration and improved memory. I had her take a silly made up test and watched as she finished. I told her that we would now measure her ability and improvement after taking the pill. 

I started with the purple blowjob pill. Just thinking of her lips around my cock had me getting hard, knowing that my cock would be in her mouth in a few short minutes. 

Kathy took the pill and I could tell it was working on her almost immediately. Just like Allison, her eyes fogged over and her pupils dilated. I could tell by her breathing and the flushed look on her cheeks that the changes were occurring deep in the recesses of her brain.

The pill started to affect her and Kathy tried to resist. I smiled at her resistance but knew the urge to suck a dick was overcoming her. She looked helpless as the urge grew. I simply sat back and watched her while taking notes. 

When she could not take it any longer she told me, "Professor, this is going to sound weird but I need you. I need your cock in my mouth. Please let me suck you cock."

I pulled down my pants and the hot blonde coed fell to her knees taking my cock into her talented mouth in an instant. I would like to say that I enjoyed the hot blonde and her 20-year-old lips. But I was overcome with the hottest girl I had ever taught, blowing my cock. I looked down and the sight of her head bobbing up and down on my pole caused me to lose it and embarrassingly I came in her mouth after a very short time.

What happened next was amazing. Even after cuming in her mouth, Kathy continued to suck my cock and blew me hard again. The girl was talented and again just the thought of my cock in her mouth was amazing. Soon she had worked her magic on me and I dropped the second load in her mouth. I was filled with great satisfaction watching the beautiful Kathy as she gave me a fantastic blowjob. 

After 15 minutes, the pill wore off and Kathy was embarrassed and upset by her actions. I told her not to worry about it. "You were amazing and I enjoyed your attention very much. Kathy left the lab and I knew the pills worked and that any female that I desired could be subjected to my formula. I was satisfied not only with Kathy's blowjob but also knowing that my discovery would be life changing.

Later the next week, following afternoon classes, Kathy was sitting in the conference room office grading papers. I watched her through the window. She was hot and sexy and her pouty lips and dark blonde hair had me remembering the events of earlier the previous week. I decide then I wanted another one of her amazing blowjobs. It was a decision that I would come to regret.

I asked Kathy to meet me in the lab after work. We needed to discuss the experiment data log from last week. When we reached the lab, again I locked the door and we sat down at the lab table. Kathy apologized for her actions the previous week and said she was sorry. 

"I am so sorry and so embarrassed by what happened last week. I lost control and I can't believe what I did with you." 

I told her not to worry about that I rather enjoyed it and was flattered by her attention.

Kathy stated that she wanted to transfer departments for work study. She was embarrassed about having performed oral sex on me. "I know you are married and that you are my boss. I just lost control. I am normally not like that at all. In fact, I go out of my way to avoid guys and I have never done anything like that with my teacher. I just want to forget about that day."

Kathy was hot as hell and looked sexy with those huge pouty lips. I knew it is wrong but Allison has been away for 3 days at a teaching conference and I wanted Kathy again.

"Open your mouth and take you pill", I instructed Kathy. She complied and soon swallowed the pill. I knew it was a mistake and she would figure out now that the pills made her want my cock in her mouth.

The formula once again affected her and she had an overwhelming desire for a cock in her mouth. As before, Kathy started to blow me with her amazing lips and mouth. Again, it did not take long and soon I was dropping 3 days' worth of cum into her mouth. Kathy continued to deep throat me until the pills wore off. The effect ended and Kathy stopped licking and sucking my cock. My dick was still hard and deep in her mouth. She looked up at me and Kathy knew that it was me that had forced her to give me head twice in the same week. Kathy was mad as she realized that the pills had made her blow me and she was furious.

Having no choice now and trying to calm her down and save the situation, I told Kathy about the experiment and the formula and how she would be credited for a major scientific discovery. I offered her credit on my paper when I published the results. She was still skeptical and said maybe I should just take this whole episode up with the Dean of Women. I feel like you violated me by using the experiment on me without my consent or without me knowing what would happen. Plus, you forced me to have oral sex with you TWICE and that is a big one against the rules 

I told Kathy that I understood her dilemma but that if she told the Dean, then the project would be canceled and I might lose my position. I offered her a bribe, plain and simple. I explained that my recommendations would be made soon for Medical Schools applications. I volunteered to write her Medical School recommendation and introduce her to my mentor who was the Dean of Admissions at a certain Ivy League University. 

She looked at me and said, "you know Dean Anderson." 

"Yes, I worked under him for 4 years and I was part of his research team. I am also Godfather to his son. If I was no longer working here at State U, then I guess my recommendation for you to attend school would not mean much. I also would not be around when Dr. Anderson visits here next month.

Kathy's entire demeanor changes as she plotted how to use this information. She knew a meeting with the director of medical school admissions along with my recommendation would mean everything. Kathy had planned her entire life for this and if giving me a couple of blow jobs was the price for a lifetime of meeting her goal and medical school admission, then I think she would have blown me every day for the rest of the semester without the pills.

I pressed my luck and continued to explain to the gorgeous lab assistant, "Dr. Anderson will be here next week and I am sure he would love to have lunch with you. Just the three of us in the faculty dining room. You will have the Dean of Admissions for an hour by yourself with a chance to impress him. No one else can offer you everything you ever want including an almost guaranteed admission to Medical School." 

It was the first time I had ever used my position to extort or keep a girl quiet about sex. It certainly would not be the last.

Kathryn calmed down and agreed that it would be wonderful to meet Dr. Anderson. She also was excited receiving credit as part of my research team. With the crisis averted, I returned to the pills.

I need to continue my experiment and I promise this pill will not make you want to suck me off." 

Kathryn was skeptical but I reminded her of the research credit. However, she needed to truly participate and not give me a hard time every time I wanted her to take a simple pill. Kathy reluctantly agreed and I told her that my wife had already participated.

"I need a test subject that is not married to me. Everything is safe." I promised. "These pills were only designed to enhance your appearance".

I gave Kathryn a boob growing pill and her already spectacular boobs grew 20%. Her tits were amazing and she loved the enhanced look of an amazing set of tits. Her boobs were poking through her shirt and spilling out of her bra. She was easily a full D cup to start with and now with her growth, she could have easily filled out an E cup with extra cleavage to spare. With her enhanced boobs and her long brownish blonde hair, she was the definition of a walking wet dream.

"Can I keep them?" Kathryn asked with a huge smile on her face? 

She removed her bra and showed me the most amazing set of boobs I had ever seen in person. I was mesmerized and as I already stated; Kathryn knew how to use her looks and body to get what she wanted. She asked for another pill and without a second of thought, I handed her another titty growing pill. Moments later her boobs started growing even more and now Kathryn was even larger and completely killing it with her huge rack. Kathryn easily could have worn an E cup or larger bra but somehow, she still looked amazing. 

Often when girls grow that large, it can become a turnoff. But with Kathryn's height and her tight toned body, it definitely worked. Her boobs were huge and perfectly round. She played with her nipples and was excited when her nipples became erect and stuck out little erasers from her boobs. Kathryn squealed with excitement as she started working herself up just from playing with her nipples.

As for me, I was very worked up and despite cuming just a few minutes ago, I wanted her again. I contemplated giving her a horny pill, but I had never cheated on Allison. I found another blowjob pill and held off from screwing her. "I am sorry Kathryn." I began, "but I am just a guy and you look amazing. My cock is rock hard and I need some relief and Allison is out of town."

Kathryn was upset when she realized what was about to happen. "Please don't give me that blow job pill" she pleaded to me with her large eyes staring at me. 

Kathryn dropped to her knees and with her formula enhanced tits, she placed my cock in between the large orbs. She then wet down her own tits creating a slick, wet valley of tit flesh for me to enjoy. I started up and down and I was in heaven, never having the chance to titty fucked a girl as hot and large as Kathy. As my cock pistoning between her valley of boobs, I moved more into the act. It did not take me long, looking at her amazing rack and Kathy's beautiful face and I came all over her tits. She seemed very satisfied and I was dumbfounded.

Kathy stood up and cleaned my cum off her tits and tried to stuff her boobs back into her now too small D cup bra. "How long will these stay around?" she asked. "I love huge tits but this might be a little much."

"I am guessing another half an hour or so," I replied.

I looked at her and said nothing but stared at the amazing site in front of me and how Kathryn had used her tits to get me off. Kathryn saw me still staring at her tits and lusting after her with a dumb shit eating grin on my face. I was still shocked that she had allowed me to fuck her tits without being forced and with no pill involved.

"What? You are not the first guy to fuck my tits even under these weird circumstances. I am not into fucking any guy who likes me or who buys me dinner. I refuse to fuck some frat guy just to have a boyfriend on the weekends and most guys want me, only to fuck me. I hate giving blowjob because guys are lazy and won't return the favor. Still, I like to have dates and I have liked guys in the past. When I pull out these puppies and let a guy get off on them, they are always satisfied. Based on your performance, I think you liked them also. These girls have paid for a lot of dinners and kept many guys coming back for more." 

Kathy finished her little speech and then placed her rather large enhance mounds of tits back into the tight bra. "I have a sometimes boyfriend now and I know how to keep him happy and taking care of me. I am going to find him and let him have a turn with these huge tits. I will just tell him they get big before my period. He won't care as long as he gets to play with these puppies."

I stood there shocked at her pronouncement. She finally put her tits in the bra and Kathy looked amazing with half her tits hanging out. She buttoned her blouse which was now stretching extremely tight across her bust. She looked around and grabbed my lab coat and puts it on concealing her large rack.

"I can't go out like this and I have class in a few minutes. I will bring your coat back later. Hope you had fun." Kathy told me as she left. 

She then leaned back into the lab and remarked: "remember how hot I looked with this rack the next time you are fucking your wife...kisses, and I am looking forward to lunch with Dr. Anderson."