 It was an unusually warm spring day as we continued on our journey up the trail. It had been a while since we were able to get outside and enjoy the seclusion and peacefulness of the outdoors. We did not speak much as we walked along the trail; we were taking in the scenery and sounds of the world around us. Towards the end of the hike for the day, we were following a mountain stream. We decided that this would be the perfect place to camp for the night providing us with a place to wash up and gather water. We found a nice spot about 50 yards away from the stream to set up camp. We took off our packs and set them against the tree. I took off my boots and changed into my hiking sandals and then took of my sweaty t-shirt. I was standing there in my sports tank that fits snugly against me showing of my nice round c-cup breasts.

You come up behind me and wrap your arms around me. I feel your breath against my neck as I turn my head towards you. We kiss, the first one was soft quick and light, and then the next kiss was longer, nibbling on your bottom lip. I begin to feel a rise as my body starts to ache for your touch. I break away from you; I turn and smile. "We better get this camp set up," I say. You look at me with that look. You know that look, the one you give me when I tease you and you can't do anything about it. I see that grin on your face.

You begin to set up the tent as I walk to the stream and begin to filter our water for the night. I find a nice spot in the stream where the water is about a foot deep. I walk to the other side of the stream and find a rock to sit on that has a good view of the campsite. I plunge the one end of the filter into the water as I begin to pump the water through it. I catch you looking at me every once in a while. I must be a funny sight. My legs spread with the water bottle between them as my face cringes as I pump the filter. 

I watch you set the tent up, you are my rugged man. I can see the stubble on you face from not being able to shave in a few days, a few droplets of sweat running down your tanned face. I see you bending over and can see the outline of the muscles in your thighs from your shorts. My mind starts to wander. I think about your gentle touch against my soft skin, my legs wrapped around your thighs, your kisses caressing my naked body. "Ugh" I yell, my daydream coming to an abrupt halt as the water is overflowing from the bottle onto my lap. You look over and let out a laugh. I sarcastically grin in your direction as I stand up and let the water run off of me.

With the camp set up, I decide to wash up. I grab a change of clothes, the camp towel, and the environmentally safe soap and make my way back to the stream. Once I get to the stream, I hang my stuff up on a tree branch that was close by and walk in. The ice cold water feels good on my sore feet. My nipples react immediately to the cold of the water, and are clearly visible under my sports tank. 

I notice out of the corner of my eye that you have positioned yourself so you can see me. I grin to myself as I decide to give you something to watch. First, I wet my bandana with water, tilt my head back and wring it out over my head. Once my hair is dripping wet I run my fingers through it getting the excess water out. Then I lean down, my front towards you. I am not sure from where you are sitting if you have a clear view down my tank, but I know you have a vivid imagination. I squirt some soap on my bandana and slowly begin to wash my face, then my one arm, then the other arm. 

Next, I take off my tank. My naked flesh covered in goose bumps from the cold water. My breasts are perky and tight from the coldness. Soap foaming in my hand, my fingers cup and caress my breasts in a circular motion; my erect nipple slides under each of my fingers as they tease and rub the soap in; my left one first, then my right. I steal a glance at you; you are no longer even pretending to do something useful; you are sitting back and watching. My eyes travel down your chest, trailing down your stomach, to your shorts where I notice the effects of my bathing causing a much tighter fit. I am happy to think that we may not get much sleep tonight. I arch my back as I try to reach behind me to wash my back. Then rinsing out the cloth, I use it to rinse the soap off of me. I grab the towel and dry the top half of my body off and then put on my white tank top. 

Next I slip my hiking shorts off. I thought your eyes were going to pop out as you look at my firm bare ass in the water. This time I bend away from you. You get a view of my ass and more as I bend over to wash. Once again I begin to wash up this time starting at my calf and then moving slowly up my thigh. I switch to the other leg and wash the same way. Then still bent, I spread my legs a bit as I take the soapy cloth and wash my pussy. I part my lips and make sure to clean well and then move the cloth up between my legs and I continue to the back side. I rinse off and then begin to towel off, and step out of the stream to put on my loose shorts. At this point my body is practically numb from the coldness of the stream water, but the look on your face was priceless. I am going to enjoy being warmed up later. 

I make my way back to the tent area and begin to make preparations for dinner. I can see the desire in your eyes. As I stand up from getting the stove out of the pack, I feel you close. Your hand brushes my wet hair to the side. I can feel your warm breath against my neck. You whisper "enjoy your bath?" "Uh huh" I say as I wiggle into you, feeling the effect I am having on you. Your hand slips under my shirt and cups my breast as you hold me close. My breathing becomes ragged, not knowing what you are going to do next. You walk away and begin to gather wood for the campfire. After what I did to you in the stream, I guess I deserved that. A grin appears on my face as I wonder how long we can play this game.

We calm down a bit and begin to get the practical arrangements for the night made. It is your turn tonight to build the campfire and my turn to cook. It was nothing spectacular, pasta and tomato sauce. I cut up some of the fresh veggies and added them to the sauce. I also made some biscuits. We lucked out when we found this place to spend the night; there was already a ring for a campfire. You sat on the large dead log next to the fire and I placed my sitting pad between your legs as we watched the flames of the fire rise. Every now and then I would feel your hand run through my hair or brush my shoulder or back lightly. Those touches were reigniting the flames within me as we sat.

We clean up and put most of the gear away, and then we boil some water to make hot chocolate. The sun sets and leaves us with the moonlight as we return to our spots next to the fire. The flames are mesmerizing. I lay my head on your lap as we sit quietly. Every now and then we hear the crackling of the fire. I feel the brush of your hand on my cheek as you use your fingers to move my hair out of my face and behind my ear. Your hand slowly runs up the back of my neck, your fingers tangling in my hair. Your touch against me feels wonderful. I sit up and lean back, my head against your chest. Occasionally I rub up against your cock. You stay quiet pretending nothing was happening, but your body gives you away, as I feel the evidence pressing into my back. 

I lean my head back so I am looking up at you; you place your hand at my chin and tilt my face up more so that we are looking into each other's eyes. The warm glow of the fire is reflecting in your eyes as I see a loving caring man looking back at me, I make a movement to speak but you motion for me to hush with a finger over my lips. You then use that finger to trace the outline of my lips, then cupping my face; you lean down and kiss me.

That kiss, oh, that kiss was unbelievable. Soft, caring, warm, but yet full of desire, want, need. The first kiss tugs on my bottom lip as an electric charge surges through my body. You pull back and look at me again; smiling, you kiss me deeper. My body impulsively reacts to your kiss, moving closer; my tongue dancing with yours. You lift me up and guide me back to the tent. 

You lay me back on the sleeping bags. The moonlight casts a soft glow on my face through the mesh of the tent windows. You straddle my waist as you lean down and kiss me again, soft and warm. Your hands run up my sides and then cup my breasts as we kiss. Tenderly your hands make it under my tank and then slowly bring it over my head until it is free from my body and you toss it to the side. As you begin to kiss me again, I work my hands under your t-shirt and gently pull it over your head. I then look at you as I run my fingers down your chest stopping at the waistline of your shorts. You smile as you know you have the upper hand. You take one of my breasts in your hand as you tease the nipple with your fingers then leaning down, you take the erect nipple in your mouth...suckling it...gently nibbling on it...You can hear a gasp escape from my mouth. You then move to the other one.

I am lost in your touch, I can think of nothing else. Warm, electric sensations are running through my body every time you touch me. You continue down and kiss my stomach, playing with my bellybutton and making me giggle. I can feel you against my pussy, as I gasp and wonder if this is where you will go. You then slowly slide my shorts past my knees and over my ankles as you kiss the inside of my thighs.

You know I want you to, and I know you want to. I lift my hips up towards your face. You smile. Then I feel you hands gently run over my mound as they spread and prepare me for your tongue. I let out a sigh as I feel the warmness of your tongue part me and probe me. It feels so good. My hands come up and run through your hair, at times pulling you into me. I can feel a grin form on your face as you bring me to the brink and then hold back. I arch my head back as electric sensations of pleasure run through my body, I can see the stars twinkling in the night sky and as I look towards you I can see the moonlight reflect off of your body. This must be heaven.

Ohh, your finger enters me as your tongue and mouth continue playing with my most sensitive area; I can't help but grind against you. This intensifies your pleasuring of me. I can feel it build up as my body tenses and I hold myself into your face and hand, grinding against you, feeling the sensation in my stomach as it moves down, I let out a loud moan as you feel my pussy pulsate around your fingers. My entire body now sensitive to every touch, you continue to pleasure me without stopping, I feel another one coming on; this one is more intense as I cry out in pleasure. I feel you release me, and your tongue lapping up my sweet nectar. Slowly you glide your body up mine stopping to nibble on my breasts for a minute. Finally you kiss me. I can taste my juices on you as we kiss hard. 

You roll next to me as we continue to kiss more softly, our hands exploring each other. This time I move on top of you. I unhurriedly kiss down your naked body, first your neck, then lightly nibbling on each of your nipples, then your stomach, until I reach your hard cock. I slowly wrap my hand around it and begin to stroke it. I can feel it throbbing. A bit of fluid begins to form at the tip, and I lean down and lick it with my tongue. I then take the head of your throbbing cock in my mouth and begin to gently suck on it, while my tongue massages the tip, and my hand strokes the shaft. I hear you let out a moan and smile. I continue my worship of your cock with my mouth as I use my lips to apply light pressure and my tongue to massage. I can feel your hips thrusting your shaft deeper and deeper into my mouth until I take all of you. I continue to fuck your cock with my mouth and can hear the moans of pleasure coming from you. I can feel your fingers becoming entangled in my hair as you use them to guide my head. After a while, you pull my mouth off of your shaft and pull me up towards you to kiss me. 

In the small confines of the tent you somehow manage to get me into a spooning position and you wrap your arms around me and caress my breasts as you kiss my neck. I can feel your hard shaft against me and I wiggle my ass against it. This excites you and I feel you lift my leg up and rest it on yours as you slowly enter me from that position. Oh that feels so good. I wrap my hands in yours and you continue to make love to me in this position. I strain my head back towards you and you kiss me. This one soft, warm, tender. We continue this way for a while, our hands softly, gently caressing each other as your cock easily glides in and out of my wet pussy.

Once again lust and need build up in both of us as our touching becomes a little rougher and our kissing becomes harder, you whisper in my ear, "I need to fuck you" A tingly sensation immediately permeates through my body at this as I roll onto my back to give you your answer. You place my legs over your shoulders as you coat your cock with my juices. You then lean over me, bringing my knees to my chest, and kiss me hard while at the same time thrusting your hard cock deep into my warm wet pussy. We both cry out in pleasure as you reach deep inside me releasing the tension we built up throughout the day.

Placing your hands in mine and holding them out to the side, you continue to fuck me. My head arches back as my hips rise to meet each of your thrusts. You feel my hands grip yours tighter as my normally quiet demeanor has turned to loud moans of pleasure. You lean down and whisper in my ear, "I want to cum inside you baby." I smile as, in this small tent, we somehow manage to roll over and change positions. I am now straddling you, your cock deep inside me. We kiss again as I begin to move my hips up and down, riding you. Your hands gently slide down my back until they reach my ass. You grip my ass and slide me up and down your hard cock, trying to gain some control. You finally give up as your hands slide off me and you begin to moan louder, I can feel you throbbing inside me as I thrust myself faster and faster up and down your cock. My eyes closed, focusing on pleasuring you at the moment. I hear you begin to cry out, and in what seems like one motion, you pull my face down to yours and kiss me hard as you raise your hips and thrust deep inside me, releasing your seed. After a few moments I can feel your cock beginning to soften in me, as I collapse on your chest. I can feel your fingers running through my hair and an occasional kiss on the head as our breathing begins to get back to normal. You whisper... "I love you baby." Feeling a wave of peacefulness I whisper back, "I love you to", as I drift off to sleep on you.