 Day One

I woke up with a feeling of emptiness between my legs, wishing there was a hand, or lips, or a cock to fill it. I started the day moist, a feeling of intensity in my body, crying out for yours.

I spent the whole day chatting with you through IM and remembering the words you use that get me so aroused. Thinking of the things your hands body could do to make my body need you even more. Wishing you weren't out of town.

The time went by through the day, and the more I wanted, the more I needed. Moistness turned to wetness. A sexual haze began, staring off into space, imagining everything I wanted to do to you, everything I needed done to me.

After hours of teasing, I broke a little. I had to hear you, even though it would torture me to not be able to experience you fully. The phone rang, that wonderful, deep voice called out, "I want you."

And my body clenched.

Listening to the stroke of your hand, up and down your cock. Listening to the want and need in your voice. Listening to the urgent, guttural moans as you came.

I wanted nothing more than to reach between my legs and cum with you. But there were too many people around, and I couldn't do it.

We continued to tease through the rest of the afternoon. My body tuned to your every word, needing you more and more by the minute.

Finally, I could leave the torture, and go find my pleasure.

When all was quiet around me, I lit a candle and put on music. I undressed and lay out on the bed as if waiting for you.

I started by taking a breast into each hand, slowly squeezing, the nipples caught between my fingers. Imagining your lips, pulling them into your mouth, tongue caressing, teeth nipping.

I couldn't wait any longer. My hand stroked down my stomach and rested on my pussy. The middle finger pushed between the lips and pressed against my clit.

My hips bucked off the bed at the touch. Two fingers began playing with my clit, rubbing, pressing, pinching.

My hand traveled further. Palm pressing against my clit, I pushed two fingers inside. My hand was now drenched with the wetness, making the slide of a third finger easy.

I pumped the fingers inside, enjoying the feeling, the rub of my palm.

But soon, it wasn't enough. I grabbed the vibrator. Without any waiting, I pushed it inside me, the wetness easing the way.

I turned it on low, feeling the light vibrations inside. I slowly began to move it in and out, pressing it against me.

I imagined it was your cock filling me, pushing into me. I remembered the sound of you stroking your cock, as the vibrator moved in the wetness, making the sounds you love so well.

Slowly the speed of the vibrator and pace in which it was pushing into me increased. The vibrations were buzzing throughout my body.

I imagined you there with me on the bed, watching me as you stroked yourself. My body began to tense in that familiar way.

My hand furiously moving the vibrator inside me, my thighs and ass saturated in my arousal.

As my body swelled and broke, I remembered the sound as you came. My pussy spasmed frantically, continuing for what seemed like forever.

I turned the vibrator off and pulled it out while the spasms were still ongoing, my body twitching helplessly in delight.

After I began to calm and come back to myself, I blew out the candle and got under the covers. My body hummed as I lay there, wondering what new delights the next day's conversation will bring.

Day Two

The morning was full of teasing through IM as I detailed the activities of the evening before.

I also had plans to take things further than yesterday. I let you know that I had dressed in one of your favorite outfits, and not worn any panties. I make sure that you're playing with yourself, and then let you know that I have to take my lunch break. I want you extremely aroused, but have you promise not to cum until after I got back.

I get in the car and drive to a secluded spot nearby. I go to the back seat, plug the headset into my cellphone and call you. 

When you answer, I tell you, "I'm in the back seat of the car. My feet are placed on the back of the front seats. My skirt is hiked up around my hips, the stockings and garter framing my pussy. My shirt is unbuttoned and my breasts are above the bra. My nipples are extremely hard and I'm playing with them. "

I can hear your breathing intensifying and the sound of you stroking your cock.

I continue, "I'm moving my hand down my stomach and rubbing it across my pussy. My finger is now rubbing against my clit."

I hear your say, "Please put your fingers inside. I want to hear the sound of them."

I take the headset off and place it close to me, then start playing inside, giving you the noise you adore. After a few moments, I bring the headset back to my ear to hear your groaning and increased stroking.

The intense arousal all morning keeps me from lasting too long. All too soon, my body tautens and explodes around my fingers. My cries into the phone trigger your eruption and you shout loudly as you cum.

After rearranging myself, I say I have to get back to work and we hang up. Once at my desk, I see another IM from you:

"Babe, that was so hot! I'm extremely sorry that I can't stick around but these damn meetings....I'll be home tomorrow morning and see you in the evening. Think of me."

The afternoon goes by as if I'm in a fog. I go to bed that evening once again anticipating the joys of IM the following day.

Day Three

It's almost 5pm. I'm at work, you're at home. 

We've once again spent most of the day talking through IM. Discussing our wants, needs, what fantasies we want to fulfill.

It has been both a good and a bad day. Good to be talking and making the day go by faster. Bad because I'm so turned on I can hardly stand it.

All day, knowing you were finally home, without me. Naked and hard. And waiting.

All day, being aroused and oh, sooo wet. Not being able to do anything about it. 

If I could have gotten away with it, I thought about going into the bathroom to masturbate. Unfortunately, the one time I worked up the nerve, and the extreme arousal, someone went in before I did.

I'm in the car now, on the way home. The half-hour drive stretches before me. I don't know how I'm going to make it that long.

I get a text message on my cell phone:

*Hurry. I'm so hard. I need to fuck you. I want to cum in you.*

Oh god. I resist the urge to reach beneath my skirt. Trying to control my shaking, I reply:

*I'm dripping. I can't wait to feel you stretching me.*

The time seems to go into slow motion. I can hear my breathing. I can smell my own arousal. I imagine you at home, stroking yourself, having to back off every few minutes to stop from exploding before I get there.

I pull into the driveway. My hands are trembling so much that I can barely turn off the car. I vault out of the car and run towards the house.

You open the door before I get there. Your hand reaches out and pulls me in. The door slams, and you shove me up against it.

Your hands are in my hair, kissing me, devouring my mouth. My hands are all over your naked body. I reach your cock, stroke up and down, feeling the moisture seeping from the head.

Your hands are pulling my shirt open, pulling my breasts out of my bra. Your mouth closes over one of them and sucks hard, your teeth bite down on my nipple.

One of my hands moves up over your stomach to your chest. I run my fingernail across your nipple, scraping lightly.

You pull up my skirt, reaching to take off my panties, finding that they're already gone. You groan, moving your hands to my waist to lift me up. God, I love that you're strong enough to lift me like this. My legs go around your waist.

I can feel your cock at the opening of my pussy. You lean down to kiss me again, our tongues tangling and dueling. I start sucking on your tongue as you thrust roughly into me.

My head falls back against the door as the sensations wash over me. You begin pushing in and out, steady and hard 

My arms are around your shoulders, my hands in your hair. My breasts are above the bra, rubbing against your chest, my skirt around my waist. 

You bury your face into my neck. One of your hands is on my breasts. The other arm lifts my right leg over it, your hand on my ass. My left leg is around your waist, the heel of my shoe digging into your ass. 

You start slamming into me harder, stretching and filling me to the point of bursting.

My fingers move to your back, the nails digging in. The pleasure is too intense. I cry out and begin to cum, my body tightening, trying to keep you inside.

You feel the spasms shuddering all around you, my pussy gripping you hard. Your cock swells, slams into me again, and bursts. Your cum is so hot inside me.

As the orgasms subside, we're both trembling. We sink to the floor, a pile of tangled limbs. You kiss me again, sweetly and lingeringly.

You lift your head and say, "Well, there's no denying there's definitely something to the anticipation caused by this IM thin. Same time tomorrow?"