 As always, for continuity, I recommend reading the first part of "The Journey Home". Thanks for reading...and Enjoy!




As we turn off the street into your driveway, I peer out the window at the house. "Mmmm, nice."

"Thanks. I wasn't too concerned with the house when I bought this place," you say so very nonchallantly. "I bought it for what's back here." We turn at the end of the driveway and I see a huge garage with at 4 large doors, and another building that's even bigger. "That's my garage," you say pointing to our left, the point stratight ahead of us, "And that's my shop."

"There's a difference?"

"Oh yes...a big difference," you answer tiliting your head and raising your eyebrows at me.

"Very cool. Let me guess...you have all sorts of toys...or you have lots of projects."

You turn and look at me smiling, "Very good! Now let's back this thing up to the door so we can unload your bike and see why she's being so tempermental." I sit quietly as you maneuver your pickup close to one of the large garage doors. "OK, let's see what we can do," you say patting my thigh before climbing out of your truck. Reaching down to the floor, I pick up my P-14 and clip, and shove it into the waistband of my jeans, then grab my leather jacket from the back set and climb out of the truck, walking to the rear. I don't see you anywhere and then suddenly hear the garage door start to open. As the door raises, I get my first look inside the garage. My eyes open wider as I see an immaculately clean garage. I am immediately impressed by an array of tool boxes, various car body parts and engine parts, and the most eye catching item of all, a late 60s model Camaro. I turn my attention back to you and watch you for a few seconds as you lower the tail gate on the truck and position a ramp on the edge.

"This is impressive! I especially love the Camaro," I say complimenting you on your garage and classic muscle car.

"You know your cars," you reply.

"Not all that well...I am not sure of the year," I say, anxious to get a closer look at it. I hear some noises behind me and turn to see you already rolling my bike out of the back of your truck. I walk towards you once you have positioned it near some of your toolboxes and watch as you silently begin looking it over again. "Can I help?" I ask tossing my jacket onto a chair.

"Oh no, I am just getting a look at it in better light," you answer with a smile. I can tell you are very focused so I watch quietly, once again admiring your physique.

After a few minutes, I lean over the bike, "Are you sure there isn't anything I can do to help? I feel kinda useless just standing here watching you."

You stop looking over the Harley for a few seconds, then slowly stand up and walk around the bike, stopping just a few inches away from me, looking me right in the eye, "Give me just a couple of minutes, and I'll let you know what you can do."

Your words send chills down my spine, and I just smile at you. Not saying another word, you turn around and bend down, tinkering with the bike again. I watch you for a few seconds before looking over my shoulder at your Camaro. I am dying to get a better look at it, and slowly turn and walk over to it. As you hear me walking away, you stop diagnosing the bike for a few seconds and watch me while I move closer to one of your projects. I peer inside, seeing the interior in the process of being reupholstered, then move towards the front of the vehicle, looking into the engine compartment beneath the open hood. I am startled by the sound of the garage door closing, and spin turn around to see you walking towards me.

"Done already?" I ask with a slight hint of nervousness in my voice.

"No...I am gonna have to ask a buddy of mine who knows Harleys inside and out to take a look at it..." you reply as you stop right in front of me, "That is, if that's OK with you." With you standing in front of me, I feel a wave of uncertainty sweep over me, and I take a step back, immediately bumping into the fender of the Camaro.

"Ummm, yeah someone taking a look at it is fine with me," I say glancing down at my watch.

It's as if you know what I am going to say next, "But not tonite...it's too late for him to come by, if that's what you're thinking."

I nervously laugh, "Yes, that's kind of what I was thinking."

You lean closer towards me and place your hands on either side of me on the fender, virtually pinning me against the Camaro. "Why so nervous? You certainly weren't nervous in the truck on the drive back here."

My breathing quickens and instinctively I very slowly begin to reach my hand around behind me. "I'm fine," I say with my voice quivering ever so slightly.

Still standing with your body practically pressing against mine, you whisper, "So then why are you reaching behind you?" Before I have a chance to answer you wrap your arm around my waist and pull me to you, kissing me. Being our first very passionate kiss, I allow myself to be pulled into your body, my large breasts pressed tightly against your chest, my hands slowly moving up your muscular arms and over your shoulders. Your beard and moustache tickle my face as our tongues touch, gently at first, then gradually probing and tasting each other's mouth with more passion. Our bodies seem to meld together perfectly as we continue kissing, the intensity between us increasing rapidly. Your hand slides downwards, resting on my ass as I run my fingers through your hair. You break our kiss and move down to my neck, and I moan loudly as I feel the heat of your breath on my skin. Little do you know, my neck is my weak spot and I tilt my head further to the side for you. You slide your hand up my back again and feel the handle of my P-14 sticking out of my jeans. You carefully wrap your finger and thumb around the bottom of the handle and pull it from my jeans. You step back and hand it to me, not saying anything.

"Sorry," I say with a giggle. I walk around you and tuck my weapon into my jacket pocket, then drop it onto the chair and turn back around to face you. I look at you, my eyes moving over you, taking in every inch of your tall well built physique. You lean back against the fender of your Camaro and rest your hands it. "That car is definitely you," I say admiring you and your project in progress. I slowly walk towards you, pulling my blouse out of my jeans. Standing in front of you, I rest my hands on your chest, looking into your gorgeous blue eyes. I feel like I am melting into them as you place your hands on my hips, pulling me to you. I slide my hands up your chest and over your shoulders, my fingers running through your hair. I press myself against your body, feeling your hands moving around me. I gently kiss you again, trying not to let me primal urges get the better of me. You respond to me in the same manner, and I moan quietly into your mouth. Mmmmm, you feel incredible, you smell incredible, and so far you taste incredible too. It's only a matter of seconds and our kiss intensifies again. Your hands move up my back and you bring them in between us, the palms of your hands cupping the underside of my breasts.

You start to squeeze them, your fingertips curling tighter around me and I break our kiss. I want to look into your eyes as you slowly unbutton my blouse, pulling it open and seeing my breasts encased in my purple lace bra in the much better light than when you first saw them in your truck. You look down at your hands as you lightly run your fingers over the roundness of my breasts, your touch giving me goosebumps. I see you smile when you notice my nipples getting hard and pressing against the lace of my bra. You rub your thumbs over my nipples and lean towards me, kissing me gently. "You've got beautiful breasts," you whisper as you look into my eyes which makes my cheeks flush. You smile at me, and then look down as squeeze my breasts again, moving your hands all over them.

Feeling incredibly turned on by you, I rest my hands on yours then slide them down my body, moving them back onto my ass. I fold my arms around your neck and press my body against you, kissing you, slipping my tongue in and out of your mouth. Mmmm, I do love to kiss, and much to my delight, you are a fabulous kisser. You pull me hard against you, our tongues seemingly wrestling with one another. I feel your hardness in your jeans, and I immediately think about how good your cock felt in my hand, in my mouth, and how incredibly good you tasted. Your hands move up and down my back, your fingers entwining in my hair. You gently pull my hair, making me tilt my head back, exposing my neck to you. I adjust my stance slightly and feel your thigh pressing against my pubic mound. As you kiss and nibble my neck, I lift my leg and rub my lower leg up and down yours, allowing for me to grind against your thigh. I immediately feel the inside seam of my jeans pressing against my pussy which is still wet and sensitive from the ride in your truck.

You allow me to grind as hard or as gently as I would like, my jeans getting wetter from my pussy. You slowly pull my blouse open, kissing down my neck to my chest, your tongue lightly trailing over the curvature of my breasts. You squeeze me, your finger and thumb pinching my nipple through the lace. I absolutely love how your attention to my nipple makes me grind harder against your thigh and I moan louder as you continue to heighten my arousal. "MMMmmmmm, you feel soooo good Baby," I say quietly.

"So do you...and this is only just the beginning," you reply as you squeeze my breast harder, pinching my nipple making me gasp. Your mouth quickly covers mine, and your demeanor quickly becomes a lot more forceful. You look into my eyes as your hands reach for the clasp of my bra, unhooking it. You dont pull the lace completely out of the way, instead you look down, trailing your index fingers downwards between my breasts, then back up and over the curvature of one of them. Your touch is giving me goosebumps and my breathing quickens. You take my hand and lead me over to the very plush couch you have in the garage. Taking a seat you pull me down onto your lap facing you. I bite my lower lip as I reach up and slide my blouse over my shoulders and down my arms, letting it fall onto the floor. You grasp my right arm just above my elbow and pull me towards you slightly as you look at my Egyptian Ankh tattoo. You look into my eyes again, but dont say anything, and I know its only a matter of time before you will see my Scorpion on my left shoulder. Cupping your face in the palms of my hands, I lean to you, kissing you gently on the lips. You slide your hands down my sides and around onto my ass, pulling me against your hard cock. I run my fingers through your hair as I kiss you again, your tongue sliding into my mouth.

I reach back behind me and take ahold of your hands, lifting them up and placing them on my breasts. Hooking your thumbs underneath the lace and pull both sides of my bra back, exposing my breasts completely to you. You gently squeeze them, then expertly manipulate both of my nipples at the same time. I take a deep breath and close my eyes as I enjoy the pressure you are infliciting upon my nipples. You then do what I have been aching to have you do. You lean foward and take one of my nipples into your mouth, your lips closing around it. The immediate suction I feel makes my pussy spasm, those familiar twinges and pleasureable sensations moving all through my body. With your oral onslaught on one nipple, your finger and thumb pinch and pull the other. My fingers gently pull on your hair, my moaning getting louder, and I feel my instinctive reaction to rock my hips back and forth on you. "Ooohhhhh yeahhh....oh that feels sooo goood," I moan.

You moan in response to me and quickly move from one nipple to the other, sucking it, licking at it, rolling it around with your tongue. My moaning gets louder and my breathing quickens as you increase your attention to my nipples. I grind down against you harder, my jeans now getting wetter from my pussy. You let go of my nipple from your mouth and look up at me as you continue to roll both of them around between your fingers, pinching and squeezing them. I slowly open my eyes and see you looking at me, a big contented smile on your face. "You like this, dont you Babe?"

"MMmmmm, yesssss."

"You do like your nipples played with harder, dont you?" you ask as you pinch them firmly making me gasp loudly.

"Ohhhhhh yes!" I reply as I shudder from your touch.

I slide one hand down and rub your rock hard cock through your jeans, licking my lips in anticipation. My non-verbal gesture makes you chuckle as if you can read my mind. "You want my cock again, don't you?"

I look into your eyes with incredible lust and desire, "Yessssss."

"And you're going to have it," you reply with a somewhat sinister tone. I smile at your statement and at your tone of voice, and my mind starts racing as to how I am going to get to enjoy your rock hard cock again. "How do you want it Baby?"

I dont answer you, instead I kiss you then climb off your lap. Kneeling down in front of the couch, I look into your eyes as I reach for your belt, pulling at it. You hold my stare as I unbutton and lower the zipper of your jeans. Reaching into your jeans I pull your incredibly hard cock out of them, feeling again the amazing softness and intense head of the skin of your shaft. My eyes are transfixed on it as I stroke it slowly. You watch my facial expression as I move up onto my knees and lean forward, taking the head of your cock into my mouth. I hear you gasp as you feel the wetness of my mouth surrounding the sensitive head. I close my eyes and delight in the feeling my lips moving from the tip down to the top of your shaft and back up again. Mmmmm, you are soo hard and feel incredible. As you get into a gentle rhythm of lifting your hips up and down ever so slightly, I let go of your cock and run my hands up your thighs. "I want your jeans off...so nothing gets in my way."

"You are direct, aren't you?" you ask tilting your head.

"I know what I want...I know what I like," I answer as I place my hand on your cock again. "You dont have to take your jeans off if you dont want to...but if you dont, at least stand up for me."

You scoot forward to the edge of the couch, and I lean back giving you the necessary room for you to either take your jeans off or slide them down for me. To my delight, you slide your jeans completely off, and stand before me, your cock hard as a rock, and twitching up and down. I move up onto my knees and looking up at you, take ahold of your cock, my tongue extending and very slowly licking the underside of the head. I smile as I feel it twitching up and down from my oral teasing. You widen your stance as my hand strokes up and down the length of your cock, feeling its incredible heat and its hardness. I glide my tongue along the underside then back up to the head. Mmmmm, you feel sooo good. You run your fingers through my long hair, gently pulling me to you. I open my mouth as you slowly feed more of your cock to me. "Fuck, that feels good," you say quietly while slowly withdrawing your cock out of my mouth, my lips creating the familiar suction your cock craves. My enthusiasm gets the better of me and I grab your cock at the base and pull you to me, eagerly sucking as much of your cock into my mouth as I can. Hungrily I fuck you with my mouth, my head moving back and forth, your cock moving deep in and out, my eyes slowly closing as I enjoy the feeling of it all.

Getting into having me sucking you, stroking you, playing with your balls, you close your eyes and tilt your head back, moaning and groaning at the incredible pleasurable sensations I am giving you. I feel my pussy getting wetter the more I suck you, and I know its only going to be a matter of time before I am going to have your hard cock buried in my pussy. I cant get that image out of my head. Letting go of your cock with my hand, I reach down and unbutton my jeans and lower the zipper. You immediately open your eyes and look down at me as my hand disappears inside my jeans. Wetting my middle finger with the juices that have already oozed from between my pussy lips, I slide it upwards and begin circling my clit. My moans get louder as I move in a seemingly perfect rhythm of your cock sliding in and out of my mouth and my finger moving up and down over my sensitive and swelling clit. Allowing your cock to slide out of my mouth briefly, I look up at you as I take my finger off my clit and slip it into my mouth, tasting my sweet juices. Mmmmm, I cant help giggle as the taste, the incredible wetness and at how I know I am teasing you.

You step to one side, and point at the couch, "On the couch...now!" I smile at your authoritative tone and clamber onto the couch rolling onto my back. You reach down and grab the waistband of my jeans, hoisting my ass up off the couch and quickly sliding my jeans down to my ankles. Pulling them off wtih my boots, you drop them on the floor, not caring where they land. "It's about time I get to see and feel and taste this pussy myself," you say as you climb onto the couch positioning yourself between my legs and pushing my thighs wider apart. I giggle when I hear your tone of voice, ecstatic at the fact that you are going to taste me, tease me, devour me, and more than likely make me cum over and over before you finally decide to fuck me.

You take a deep breath, inhaling the scent of my arousal your eyes transfixed on my swollen and very wet pussy lips. I am so aroused that I am literally opening up to you already. Rather than dive right into my pussy, you run your hands up and down my inner thighs, lightly caressing me then slide your hands to my outer thighs caressing them in much the same way while your tongue very gently trails along my inner thigh. I shudder at your tongue, and close my eyes in anticipation as you move closer to my pussy. Just as I think you are about to run your tongue up over my swollen lips, you pass right by and trail your tongue downwards on my other thigh. I sigh heavily, somewhat in frustration at your blatant teasing, but know you are just returning the favor. After all, I teased you in your truck in numerous ways, and I can tell that by the way you are touching and teasing me now, you are very skillful in the art of oral pleasure, and I know you plan on demonstrating that skill to me. I guess it's now just a matter of how much teasing each of us can tolerate before we finally give in as we cant wait any longer and we have to enjoy the intimacy we are both craving.

My hands find their way to your head, and I try to guide you back to my pussy while my hips rise and fall, beckoning you. I hear you chuckle as you feel the pressure I am applying, and yet you still continue to tease me. You lightly run your fingers up my thighs and you use your middle and index fingers to graze over my smooth lips making me gasp from your touch. "C'mon Baby, you know what I want," I whisper.

"Mmmmm," you moan in response. Trying to entice you more, I take my hands from your head and pull back my clitoral hood, exposing my little bud to you with one hand, my fingers sliding over my clit with the other. You look up at me and extend your tongue barely touching my clit with it.

"Yessss, Baby...keep flicking it," I plead.

You smile as you hear my voice, detecting a whimpering tone to it. "What do you want?"

Not wanting to sound like I am pleading with you, I just moan in response to you.

"Tell me what you want," you say again a little louder. "I know what you want...I just want to hear you say it."

I open my eyes and look at you, "I want to feel your mouth on me...I want to feel your tongue teasing me...your lips sucking me...your fingers and then your cock inside me," I say with a look of intense lust in my eyes.
