 All characters in this story are 18 years old or older. Also, all characters, organizations, and events contained in this story are fictional, and any similarities to real people, organizations, and events is purely coincidental (except for the name drop of a certain pornstar, 'cause she's a real person).

*****

I am pretty good friends with my landlord. My neighbors would tell you that's impossible, but it's true. You see, our relationship is rather unique. No, not in that way. We have history. Let me back up.

My landlord, who I still call Mr. Becket despite his insistence that I can call him Bob now, is a very close friend of my parents. As a matter of fact, he was the best man at their wedding. You know that unspoken rule that friends have to drift apart as they get older? OK, maybe it's not a rule, but if it were, my parents and Mr. Becket definitely would have broken it. They all kept hanging out together, even after I was born. It was pretty cool, actually. Mr. Becket in many ways was like a second father to me. A much cooler, more fun father than my actual dad.

Why am I telling you this? Well, because he's the reason I have my current living situation. See, after I flunked out of school thanks to what my teachers called a "poor work ethic," my parents thought telling me that I had to leave the house and fend for myself would "teach me to be an adult." When Mr. Becket found out, he got me a job at a local restaurant and let me live in one of his apartments for half the price. His only two conditions were that I had to keep the job and be willing to live with a roommate if my paying half price ever became a problem for him. Seeing as the job wasn't too hard and the apartment was a two-bed, two-bath, I saw no problem with that.

So while everyone else in the complex found themselves living with the rules of a strict landlord (Mr. Becket's business persona), I was living it up in an apartment that was basically gifted to me by my second dad. And for the next few months everything stayed the same. I lived in the apartment by myself, went to work five days a week, and my parents remained oblivious to the whole arrangement. Life had become a routine, and I was surprised to find that I liked that routine.

Then everything changed. Several of the residents at the complex decided they had had enough of Mr. Becket's rules and left when their leases were up. Mr. Becket soon needed all the help he could get, so we put out an ad saying that I was in need of a new roommate. Within days, we had several responses. After weeding out the ones that didn't meet Mr. Becket's requirements, I was presented with three options for a new roommate. The first was a college student. Nope, not dealing with all of that late-night partying. The second was an accountant. Boring. The third was a photographer who apparently traveled a lot and just needed a place to crash whenever he wasn't on assignment. Nice. At least I would be able to keep my old routine some of the time.

The day of my new roommate's arrival finally came. I asked off of work that day so I could help him move in. Gotta give a good first impression. The day past slowly. I finally turned on a movie to pass the time. That movie ended and still no roommate. I started another movie, finished it, and started another. No one came. By mid-afternoon I was beginning to wonder if something had gone wrong.

Then I heard it. A key going into the keyhole at the front door. The lock turned. I paused my movie and stood up to greet my new roommate. The door opened, and I could barely contain my surprise. The person standing before me was not the photographer who was supposed to be moving in. Instead, I saw before me one of the most gorgeous girls I had ever seen. She had long, dark, curled hair, beautiful green eyes, a slender frame, long smooth legs that were exposed by her short shorts, and a great pair of tits that I couldn't see much of, but her tight fitting shirt left little to the imagination. She could not contain her surprise at seeing me. "Who the fuck are you?" she yelled. "What the fuck are you doing here?"

"I-I live here," I replied, taken aback by her reaction.

"Like hell you do," she snapped.

Oh boy. This was not how I expected this day to go. One minute I was just watching a movie, waiting for my roommate to show up. The next minute I have this really hot girl standing in my doorway who is clearly more than a little upset by my presence in my own apartment. I took a deep breath and said, "OK, calm down. There has probably just been a little mix-up. I'll call the landlord and see if we can get this thing straightened out."

"Fine," she replied, calming down a little.

I reached for my phone and began searching my contacts for Mr. Becket. I had just hit the button to call him when I realized that this girl was still standing in the doorway. "Come in and take a seat," I said in the friendliest voice I could muster. "This might take a second."

She sighed and begrudgingly entered and sat on the sofa. I noticed her eyebrow lifted when she saw my movie paused on the TV screen. She had recognized what movie it was, but I didn't have time to determine if she approved or disapproved of my film tastes before Mr. Becket answered the phone. "Thomas!" Mr. Becket exclaimed. "I was just about to call you."

"No kidding?" I replied. The girl glanced at me, clearly wondering why the hell I had said that.

"Yeah," Mr. Becket continued. "I just got off the phone with your new roommate. It seems I gave him a key to one of my empty apartments by mistake, and now he wants to renegotiate the lease so he can keep it. I told him I normally wouldn't do that, but seeing as how he was willing to pay for a whole apartment all to himself, I would make an exception. So I guess we're going to have to pick a new roommate for you."

"Yeah, about that," I said. "I think you may have given someone else his key. Or at least, what should have been his key."

"Oh, shit," Mr. Becket muttered. "I must have switched the keys by accident. Well, ask him if he would like to just switch a pay half price."

"That's not going to work, Mr. Becket," I replied.

"Why not?" he asked.

"He is a she," I answered.

"Oh, shit," Mr. Becket muttered again. "I'm sorry, son, I just fucked up worse than I thought. Tell her to come back to the office and I'll see about getting her in a different apartment."

"OK, thanks, Mr. Becket," I said.

"Yeah," he replied. "Have a good one."

"You too," I answered and then hung up the phone. As I put my phone back in my pocket, I turned to the girl and said, "OK, so I was right, there has been a little mix-up."

"What happened?" She seemed a little less upset now. Now she just seemed a little anxious.

"Well, I was expecting a new roommate today, and it seems that Mr. Becket accidentally gave him your key and you his key," I explained.

"OK," she stood up, looking quite relieved. "So I guess we just have to switch keys."

I took in a sharp breathe and said, "Not quite."

"What?" Great, she was upset again.

"OK, don't freak out, but he wants to keep your apartment," I continued in my best calming voice. "But don't worry, Mr. Becket will set you up with another apartment if you go down to his office right now."

"Alright," she sighed and turned for the door. Just as she got to the door, she stopped and turned back toward me. "Look, um," she said, "I'm sorry I freaked out on you earlier. I just wasn't expecting to see anyone in my apartment when I opened the door."

"Totally understandable," I replied. "I'm sorry I scared you."

"It wasn't your fault," she shook her head, "but thanks for saying it."

"You're welcome," I smiled.

She smiled back, letting out a quiet laugh as she did so. "I'm Kailee," she said.

"Thomas," I replied, smiling again.

"Thomas," she repeated and then smiled again. "Thank you, Thomas."

"Don't mention it," I nodded.

She stood there for a moment and turned back toward the door. She opened the door, but hesitated to step out. She turned back toward me. "So I guess you'll be needing a new roommate, huh?" she asked.

"Yeah, I guess," I replied, unsure of why she was asking.

"Would you be open to having a girl as your roommate?" she asked.

"That would depend on who she was," I answered cautiously.

"Me?"

I could've leapt for joy, but I didn't want to look too eager. "Are you sure that's a good idea?" I asked. "For all you know I could be a rapist or something."

"You're not," Kailee smiled. "There's no way that old fuck downstairs would let you live here if you were. Besides, you couldn't rape me even if you wanted to."

I raised my eyebrows in surprise, and I felt my erection rise in my pants. This girl was pretty badass, and it was really turning me on. "OK," I started slowly, "but we would have to set some ground rules."

"Such as?"

"Well," I swallowed, "obviously we can't walk around the apartment naked when the other is home."

"Duh," she replied. "What else?"

"I don't know," I shrugged. "What do you think?"

"Honestly," she put her hand on her hip, "I don't give a fuck what you do as long you let me do my thing without bothering me. And don't walk around naked," she added with a smile.

"Right," I smiled back. "That sounds good. Staying out of each other's hair and all of that."

"Good," she said, extending her hand. "So do we have a deal?"

"Yeah," I replied, taking her hand and shaking it. "Welcome to the apartment, Kailee."

"Thank you, Thomas."

The next thing to do was to clear Kailee moving in with Mr. Becket. Once we convinced him that this was not going to be a problem for us, he said he saw no reason why she couldn't move into my place (see what I mean by him being cool?).

That done, I walked out to the parking lot with Kailee and helped her move her stuff into the apartment. She didn't have a lot of things, just some bags and several boxes. She told me that she had just moved out of her parents' house and was planning to buy her own furniture once she moved into her new place. But now that she was rooming with me, all she needed was furniture for her bedroom, which she really seemed to be thankful for.

By the time we had brought the last of the boxes up to the apartment, it had gotten so late that Kailee decided to go furniture shopping the next day. "I'll just sleep on the sofa tonight," she said.

"No, no, I'll take the sofa," I replied. "You can take my bed. I'll wash the sheets for you and everything."

"Thank you, but that won't be necessary," she insisted.

"Are you sure?" I asked. "It's no trouble at all."

"Positive," she nodded. "I like sleeping on the couch."

"Alright, but if you change your mind, don't hesitate to say so," I said.

"Thank you, I won't," she smiled.

Since Kailee had not gone grocery shopping yet, we decided to order some pizza for dinner. Kailee wanted to split the cost, but I insisted that it was my treat to welcome her to the apartment. "OK," she said. "But next time we split the tab."

"Sounds good," I replied.

While we waited for the pizza to arrive, she went to start unpacking as much of her stuff as she could without her furniture and I went back to my movie. After a few minutes, Kailee came into the living room. "I thought that's what that was!" she exclaimed after glancing at the TV.

"You've seen this?" I asked even though the answer was obvious from her statement.

"Oh yeah," she nodded. "It's one of my favorites."

"Yeah, it's great," I replied. "I think it's one of his more underappreciated films."

"Yes!" she exclaimed. "Thank you! Every time someone tells me they don't like it, I'm like, 'Are you kidding me? It's fucking brilliant!'"

"I know," I nodded. "I think the problem is most people just don't get the ending for some reason."

"Fucking idiots," she shook her head and sat down on the sofa next to me. "It's not that complicated."

"Yeah, it's pretty straightforward," I agreed, trying not to think too much about the fact that an insanely hot girl was sitting right next to me.

We sat there watching the movie and discussing it for several more minutes when we were suddenly interrupted by the arrival of the pizza. I got up and answered the door. Minutes later, we had a large pizza sitting between us as we finished watching the movie. As the credits rolled I asked, "So what's your story, Kailee? You going to school or anything like that?"

"Not yet," she shook her head. "I'm trying to save some money first."

"Oh, OK," I nodded. "So you have a job, I assume?"

"Yeah," she replied. "I work in the call center for a charity that has its headquarters near here."

"Really? What charity?"

"The Studious Children Foundation."

"OK. And what do you all do?"

"We build schools in third world countries."

"That's pretty cool."

"Yeah. What about you? Where do you work?"

"Oh I work in the kitchen at a local diner. It's one of those little places that you drive by all the time but don't notice."

"Oh I love those kinds of places. Is the food any good?"

"Well I've never tried it, but our customers are pretty loyal from what understand."

"Then I guess you're doing something right. I'll have to come by and try it out sometime."

"That would be great."

We talked for a while longer until Kailee said she wanted to turn in. I packed up what was left of the pizza, grabbed my computer, said goodnight, and went to my room to watch some porn before I went to bed. All night sexual tension had been building inside of me. I didn't know if the feeling was mutual, and I really didn't care at that moment. I just needed to get it out of my system for the time being.

My alarm woke me for work the next morning. I got up, went to the door, and stopped before I opened it. Right. Kailee was in the living room. Better put some pants on at least. Not that I was naked and was worried about that. I just didn't want to make things awkward on her first morning in the apartment by walking in on her while wearing nothing but my boxers.

Once I had a pair of pants on, I opened my door and stepped into the living room. Kailee wasn't there. Of course I would think to put pants on just to find nothing but a pillow and a blanket on the sofa. Oh well, better start the coffee.

Just as I pressed the button to start brewing the coffee, I heard a door open on the other side of the apartment. I turned around in time to see Kailee step out of the bathroom. "Woah, sorry," I exclaimed, turning away even as my cock got hard. She was wearing nothing but a red bra that showed off quite a bit of cleavage and a pair of matching panties that hugged her ass.

"Don't be," she replied. "You didn't do anything."

"I know," I said. "It's just a little embarrassing to..."

"Don't be embarrassed," she interrupted. "I'm not."

"Really?" I asked, facing her again. "It doesn't bother you at all for me to see you in..."

"Lingerie?" she finished with a smile. "No."

"You don't feel a little exposed or anything?"

"No," she laughed. "Quite the opposite."

"So you're not uncomfortable at all?"

"Not at all."

My cock got harder. I couldn't believe she was this comfortable showing me that much skin. "Alright," I managed. "If you're fine, then I'm fine."

"Good," she smiled and laid back down on the couch.

Best roommate ever. I soon found out that she always slept in her underwear and didn't put anything else on until after she had had her morning shower. This was the last part of her morning routine, which meant she would spend the first hour of every morning wearing nothing but her bra and panties. Then once she knew I was completely comfortable seeing her in her lingerie, as she had put it, she started to wear nothing else around the apartment. Seriously, every time she came home from work or the store, the first thing she would do was to strip down to her bra and panties. One day I asked her why that was always the first thing she did whenever she got home. "I just don't like wearing lots of clothes," she said. "My parents never let me walk around like this at their place, but since you're cool with it, I thought I'd take advantage of it."

"Seems legit," I replied as neutrally as I could. In reality it was better than legit. It was fan-fucking-tastic. A hot babe who hates wearing clothes? Who wouldn't want to live with a girl like that?

I would have started following her lead and wearing only my boxers around the apartment, but I really did not want her to see the massive boner I got every time I saw her. We were on such good terms that I really did not want to mess that up by giving away how much I wanted her. At least, not that way. So I started turning to porn more and more for release.

It wasn't like it was hard to do. Between the fact that we occupied different rooms and our work schedules were such that we never had the same days off, it was pretty easy to hide my ever-growing porn addiction from my roommate. My off days were the best because from around 7:30 am to about 5:30 pm, I had the whole place to myself. I would watch my porn on the TV instead of on my computer with headphones. I had some extra sheets, so I would use those to cover the sofa and the surrounding floor space so that any, ahem, mess could be easily cleaned up. And Kailee was none the wiser.

This went on for about a month. Then one day my boss called me into his office, which was basically just a glorified closet with a desk inside it. "Thomas," he said once we had gotten through all the pleasantries, "I recently hired some new kitchen staff and I'm going to be moving schedules around to fit them into the rotation. Your off-days are Thursdays and Fridays, correct?"

"Yes, sir," I replied.

"I thought so," he nodded. "In that case, I'm going to be moving your off-days to the weekend."

"Saturday and Sunday?" I asked. Those were Kailee's off days.

"Yes," he confirmed. "I trust that won't be a problem?"

Of course, whenever your boss asks a question like that, you had better say no unless you have a damn good reason to say yes. Since I didn't have one, I told him there was no problem. And there wasn't. Sure, I would have to give up watching porn on the TV, but that was a small price to pay to get to see more of Kailee's gorgeous body. And if I was being totally honest, I preferred the latter anyways.

My excitement at the prospect of seeing more of Kailee was quickly dampened when I got home that night and found Kailee packing a suitcase. Naturally, I panicked, thinking she was moving out. "You leaving?" I asked, trying to sound as not concerned as possible.

"Just for a few days, yeah," she replied.

"Oh good," I sighed with relief, and then my eyes widened as I realized I had said that out loud.

Kailee looked at me and smiled. "Did you think I was moving out?"

"No," I replied hastily, but quickly changed my response. "Well, yeah."

"Aw, were you going to miss me?" 

"Well, I mean..." I was going to make some lame excuse about liking getting to split the rent, but it was impossible to lie with those beautiful eyes staring at me. "Yes. Yes, I would have."

Apparently that was the answer she wanted to hear because she came over and gave me a quick kiss on the cheek and whispered in my ear, "I would have missed you too."

My erection shot up and I nearly came right then and there. If she hadn't moved away so quickly, I probably would have. That was to closest I had ever been to her, and my head was spinning. I was only vaguely aware of what was going on around me. When I came to my senses, Kailee and the suitcase were gone, and I vaguely remembered hearing something about a business trip. I also had the feeling I had been talking like a complete idiot for the past few minutes. "Dammit," I muttered after a few minutes of trying (and absolutely failing) to piece together what had been said.
