 Most workplace romances and affairs end in disaster, scandal, and in some cases, divorce. It was not to be so for Vicki and I.

Our coworkers did not have a clue that their boss was bedding one of their own. Any worries I might have had about Vicki's ability to remain professional on the job,were dispelled the morning after she spent the night with me.

After parking in my reserved slot that next morning, we walked towards the elevator of the parking structure at the same time that one of my managers stepped out of his car.

"Oh, hey, I didn't know you two car-pooled," he said as he walked with us.

"Oh, we don't," Vicki said nonchalantly, "Ms. Williams offered to give me a ride in so that I could get the quarterly report finalized and sent to the home office first thing this morning," smiling at him brightly.

I simply smiled, a tight smile, my normal, damn-she-can-be-a-bitch-at-times, smile.

It worked.

Before she left for the day, she stepped into my office, closing the door behind her. That wasn't unusual, closed-door conversations between she, as my assistant, and I, fairly normal.

"I'd like to thank you, once again, for a very lovely evening," She said, her voice soft and private.

"I enjoyed it as much, if not more, as you, Vicki," I answered, returning her smile.

"Any chance of seeing you again? You know, like that?" She asked bluntly.

"I hope so....I'd..I'd like that," I replied, biting my lip in nervousness.

"When's your husband going on another business trip?" She probed.

"Next week....interested in coming over?"

"It's a date," she simply replied with a wink.

Jack returned home later in the week and right after we got into bed for the evening, I told him of my roll in the hay with Vicki. I spared no details, even opining that it was 'more' than just a fling or NSA romp with another woman.

"It was different," I had said, "I'm not sure why but it was and, if you can deal with it, I'd like to continue seeing her when you're away on business."

"Safe to say you'd like to keep her for yourself? No sharing?" his question just that, a question, not an accusation.

"Yeah, I think so," I answered after thinking about that for a few moments.

Then he fucked my brains out, fucking me like he was an eighteen year-old with all the stamina of the gods. He fucked me as he hadn't in years, a really good fuck.

"Wow....." I panted, fighting hard to regain control of my breathing, "Oh baby, if telling you about my time in pussy-ville turns you on this much, I need to eat more pussy and tell you more stories," I joked.

"Win-win" he replied with a shit-eating grin.

Fast-forward several weeks......

Vicki and I became a regular thing when Jack was away on business, she at my place or me at hers. Jack was soooooo fucking cool about it, never once complaining about the time I spent with my 'girlfriend' as he started referring to Vicki.

And I kinda' liked it when he did so, I must say.

There was some sort of trouble in the Kingdom of Bob and Mindy, the tension between them palatable in the air we had noticed the last couple of times we partied with them. Wasn't sure of the 'why' there was trouble between them but neither Jack and I cared for the vibes that surrounded them. Coming to the same conclusion, independently, we started finding reasons not to see them, neither of us wanting to be involved with whatever was going on between them.

Our trips to the club had lessened somewhat, slacked off to the point that it was more like a once-a-month thing, but still enjoyable for the both of us. Occasionally, we'd party with another couple but more often than not, it would be me with a couple of guys while Jack watched. After I was properly fucked and my 'boys' had left the party room, he'd bury his head between my legs and clean me up, giving me more orgasms as he did so.

Oh hell no, I didn't complain...I was a happy camper.

Jack and I took a week off, booked a trip to Jamaica at an exclusive, all inclusive resort, returning with golden tans and smiling faces. He returned to work the next day after our return but I still had a ton of vacation days left so I burned off another week of vacation, deciding to 'catch up' with some house chores and the like.

Had I not done so, what follows might not have happened.........

She waved at me as I slowed to enter my driveway, having glanced up from under the hood of her car. Marnie was always working on her car it seemed, tweaking this, adjusting that, the end result being a pristine, classic '68 Mustang 'Boss' edition that had, at one time, belonged to her grandfather. 

Marnie was our next-door neighbors' niece, having come to live with her mother's sister and husband when she was thirteen or so. Her aunt had never explained the why of her living with them but you just got a 'sense' that living with them was preferable to living with her parents, whatever the reasons.

She was a 'little' strange, a little 'out-there' with her tomboy looks and artistic talents, almost hippie-like, one might say, almost as if she was a few generations past what would have been 'her time', the sixties and seventies, the age of Woodstock and such. Her look was sorta' androgynous, reminding me, as I think back on it, of the actress that portrayed "The Girl With The Dragon Tatoo" in the movie, only without the piercing or tatoos.

"Need a hand?" I heard her voice call as I started lifting the sacks of groceries from the trunk of my Beemer.

"Oh hey, Marnie....sure, I'd appreciate it," her help allowing us to bring all of the groceries inside in one trip.

"How come you're not at class?" I asked Marnie as we set the sacks onto my kitchen counter.

"Finished for the day, all morning classes on Tuesdays and Thursdays," she answered with a smile, "How come you're not at work?", she vollied back at me.

"Took some vacation days to catch up on crap here at the house," I replied, returning her smile. 

Marnie had graduated High School a few months ago, on the day of her nineteenth birthday as it turned out and was attending a Community College in our city in order to get all of her required course-work out of the way before going to Unversity for a Fine Arts curricula.

She had been a year older than her classmates due to having flunked a year just before coming to live with Jen and Frank. Again, no explanations provided as to why.

"Would you like an ice tea or something to drink?" I offered.

"Nah, but thanks anyway," Marnie replied, "I need to clean up and figure out what I'm going to eat tonight since Aunt Jen and Uncle Frank are out of town this week."

Jen and Frank, our next door neighbors, both worked, Frank traveling a lot for his job like Jack did and Jen away for a meeting, out of town.

"Well, if you're interested, I'm cooking up a cheeseburger and having a salad for dinner. Just as easy to cook for two as it is for one," I offered, suddenly deciding that a little company for dinner wouldn't be a bad thing.

My back was turned to her but I 'felt' like she was staring holes into me, a little shiver having found its way to me. 

"Sounds scrumptious but I don't want you to go through all that trouble for me," She replied as she handed me stuff from the bags to put away.

"No trouble at all, babe, besides, it'd be nice to have some company at dinner for a change instead of eating alone."

"Only if you let me help you," She said, accepting my offer.

"Done."

"Okay......well, if you have the rest of this, I'm going to clean up and see you, in an hour?"

"Sounds about perfect," I smilingly answered.....

I quickly seasoned the ground chuck, forming them into large, thick patties after doing so and placing them in the fridge. That done, I showered and changed into a pair of shorts and tee shirt, my fav when it comes to 'kick-back' clothing.

About an hour or so later, Marnie returned, using the gate that provided access to my back yard. She, too, had changed into shorts and tee, and was toting a bottle of wine.

"Thought I provide the wine since you're cooking for me," She said brightly.

"Oh, Marnie, I don't know about that," I stammered, "I mean, you're underage....."

Her look to me stopped the stammering, a look of 'Seriously?"

"Ms. Williams, I'm nineteen and in college....do you really think that this will be my first time drinking?"

"Probably not," I conceded after a few moments' thought on the matter, "but, if I'm going to drink wine with you, call me Shari....Ms. Williams was my husband's mother."

She simply smiled a smirk of 'having won a point', opening the bottle of red to breathe while we got the fixings and salad ready for our meal. Pouring us both a generous glass each, she handed me my wine and clicked her glass against mine in a silent toast to whatever.

We finished the first glass quickly and I poured us each another, the two of us just chit-chatting about nothing in particular and everything in general. I had not spent much time with Marnie since she had moved next door but I found that I liked her. I liked her sarcastic humor, her 'off-beat' wit, her view of the world seeming much more mature than her years.

Dinner was excellent and, dishes put in the washer, we had cracked another bottle of red from my stash and were lounging on my deck having a fine ol' time of it.

And, yes, we were both approaching tipsiness.

"Surprised that your 'friend' isn't over," Marnie said during a moment of silence as we enjoyed the coolish, early fall evening.

"My friend?" I questioned.

"The red-head that comes over when Mr. Jack is out of town," she clarified, her eyes closed and her head laying on the back of the chaise that we were sitting on.

Fuck! Busted!

I didn't respond at first, my wine-addled brain stumbling as it tried to come up with a reasonable explanation. Thinking a good offense is a good defense, I turned to her and asked, "Marnie? Have you been spying on me?"

"Oh no, not at all, but....see that window up there? On the top of aunt Jen's garage?"

"Yeah?" I replied, my eyes now on a window in my neighbors' garage attic space that I'd never really noticed before.

"Uncle Frank let me convert that attic space for use as an art room, a study room...kinda' like my own 'chick-cave'," Marnie explained, "and, well....your trees are just a tad too short to block a view of your deck and hottub."

"So...you've been peeking us?" I asked, a bit flummoxed at this revelation.

"Not intentionally, no.......buuuuut," she said with a mischievous smirk, "I happened to glance out one evening, a few weeks ago, when I went to open the window for some fresh air annnnnd..well, I saw you and your 'friend' sorta' fooling around with each other in the tub."

I just stared at her, mouth opened, words not forming in my shocked brain at the moment.

"Uhhh...Marnie, I'm not sure...I mean...." I babbled in panic.

"Oh shit, Shari...it's no big thing," She said, interrupting my feeble attempt at responding to her revelation, "Girls fooling around with each other has always made more sense to me than screwing around with guys."

"And don't worry....your secret's safe with me. I mean I won't tell anyone....Uncle Frank or Aunt Jen," Marnie continued, "Or....Mr. Jack," her smile a bit different now, her eyes a bit softer but still looking at me, at my reaction.

Well Shari, you've got a 'situation' now, don't you? 

That statement was flashing in my head like a neon sign. Rather than say anything incriminating, I just continued to stare back at Marnie, not really knowing what I should say, if anything.

"Almost sounds as if you have experience with 'fooling around with girls', as you said," I finally mustered up the courage to say, a feeble attempt, I admit, at trying to shift the focus to her and off of me.

"Yeah....some," She chuckled, chuckled in a way that suggested an 'inside' joke that only she knew about. 

Then, out of the blue, she stood and stretched, her eyes still holding mine, her stretching revealing that she was braless as evidenced by the outline of her small breasts against her tee shirt. Her nipples were hard, a result of the chilly air, causing them to push against the thin material of her tee.

"Speaking of your hottub, any chance of using it tonight?.....it'd feel really good in this chilly air."

"Uh, sure," I answered absent-mindedly, still reeling a bit from this turn of events, "I'll turn it on while you run home to get your suit."

"Suit? Oh, I don't need a suit," Marnie said, grinning like a Cheshire cat with a mouse in its paws, "nor do you."

"Marnie, I'm not sure that's a good idea," I replied in a panic.

"No, its a great idea, Shari," sitting again, a bit closer to me now, her hand finding and rubbing the top of my knee and thigh.

"I'm nineteen, Shari...I've grown up, I'm a woman," Marnie said with conviction, "I'm not a child, please don't treat me like one," her voice soft, but firm.

"Now....you get the hottub going and I'll get us some more wine," She said to me, her voice leaving no room for discussion or negotiation.

I did as she asked, the reality of the moment sinking in to my brain. I knew that I would drink more wine, get a little tipsier than I already was and would get naked in my hottub with my nineteen year-old neighbor.

And I also knew that before this night was over, my nineteen year-old neighbor and I would be in my bed, making love.

I did as she asked......

At five-five and a hundred and ten pounds, its not often that I dwarf anyone in stature, even among my gender. When she poured us a fresh glass of wine from the new bottle, we were standing near the tub and I really noticed, for the first time, just how small she really was.

Marnie was 'maybe' five-one on a good day and no more than a hundred pounds, not skinny, not anorexic, more like just right for her diminutive stature. 

We sipped our wine quietly, both, I was sure, processing this moment that was between us, processing it, each in our own manner. 

Her eyes. 

Her eyes seem to reach inside of my soul, inside of my head, almost as if my thoughts were not private to me.

"It's ready," Marnie pronounced after dipping her hand into the bubbling water of the tub. Setting her glass onto the tub's decking around the rim, she pulled her tee from her body, slower than necessary it seemed, almost as if she was giving me time to look at her without her seeing me do so.

Her breasts were very small, but well-shaped and firm, the need of a bra for her, non-existent. Her nipples stiffened when the chilly air surrounded them, proving to be large and thick. Dropping her tee onto the chaise lounger, she unsnapped and slid her shorts and panties down her hips and legs, revealing an 'almost-not-there' strip of pubic hair shaped like a downward-pointing arrow tip, pointing to her pussy.

I couldn't help myself...I smiled when I saw it, liking the irreverence of it all. She saw my smile and smiled back.

"Some people just need a clue," Marnie said in comment on her sculpted pubes, the comment bringing a chuckle to my lips.

Marnie got into the tub first, settled onto a bench seat and retrieved her glass of wine, taking a long sip from it while she looked at me, still clothed, still standing next to the tub.

Her eyes continued to hold mine as I slipped my tee off of me, my nipples hardening immediately in the cool air. Her eyes caressed my C-cup boobs, slowly, lustfully, no words needing to be said. Finishing my wine, I poured myself another glass, setting it on the tub's deck and slipped out of my shorts and panties. Stepping into the tub quickly before I changed my mind, I retrieved my glass and took a very long pull of the Cab.

Moving closer to me, Marnie slipped an arm behind my shoulders, her smaller body nestling close to my side until I moved my arm to place it around her waist, holding her to me.

She began with small, teasing nibbles to my neck and ear, her breath warm, the tip of her tongue hard and skillful as it traced tracks on my skin. Reflexively, I moved my head in concert with her nibbles, liking how she was nuzzling her mouth to my skin.  

I couldn't help it. It felt good.

Slipping her legs to capture my thigh between them, she rested her snatch on the top of my thigh, my arm sliding until my hand held her tight, toned ass cheeks in its grip. 

Starting slowly, she began rubbing her pussy against my thigh as she raised her torso towards my head, sticking her chest out as her small tits neared my mouth.

"Suck them," Marnie said quietly.

I did.

I placed my mouth over her tit, first one, then the other. Softly squeezing her ass with my hand, I moved her back and forth across my thigh, the movement slowly increasing in speed and pressure. Her hand found my breasts, squeezing and fondling them in turn while her other hand held my head to her chest.

Her hips were moving faster as her excitement increased, almost making waves in the tub, her breath coming in pants as she she approached orgasm.

For my part, I surrendered to the inevitability of the night, of the moment, when my tongue flicked across her stiff nipples, when my mouth and teeth felt their thickness. Loudly, almost making slurping noises, I eagerly sucked on her almost-non-existent titties.

Dropping her hand from my tits, she stretched and reached between my legs to play with my pussy. I lifted my hips towards her hand to make it easier for her to do so. Twirling my clit between her fingers as her breathing became more rapid with excitement and need, she made small, soft cooing noises, her sounds mingling in the night air with my own. 

At the moment of her orgasm, she slipped a finger into my cunt and jabbed it hard and deep into me at the exact moment of her climax, the thrust bringing a sharp intake of breath to my mouth that was sucking her titties for all they were worth.

Unlike me, she is a quiet 'cummer', the sounds soft and deep, her breathing being the most telling sign that she had climaxed.

Slipping her finger from my pussy, she lifted it to her mouth to suck on while her smoldering eyes fucked me. 

"Take me to your bed," Marnie commanded, at least it felt like a command.

I did as she asked.....

She was skillful in her love making, possessing skills that belied her years it seemed to me, but oh-so-good. She bathed me with her mouth and tongue, leaving little of my body unexplored. Having moved us around my bed as we nibbled, kissed and touched, she slipped her body over mine into a position of sixty-nine. Sliding her pussy towards my mouth, she lowered her head between my legs which opened wide to allow her access to my pussy, my now-needful-of-a-mouth-on-it pussy.

Raising my head to her pinkness, I indulged my lust and absolutely devoured her young, sweet-tasting cunt, her smell of arousal and juices driving me into a frenzy of want. The more I tasted, the more I wanted to taste.

Our lovemaking was slow, unhurried, both relishing the taste of the other. Orgasms? There were plenty of those, neither of us left wanting in any way, shape or form. Snuggling in each other's arms, both of us kissed and touched the other in post-orgasmic bliss. 

She was right, I had decided; at nineteen, she was, indeed, a woman.

Rolling onto her back after a playful bite to one of my nipples, she pulled me on top of her, her fingertips sending shivers up my spine as she slowly raked my back with them.

Slowly pulling me while she kissed my body as it passed her mouth, she positioned me with her head between my legs as I straddled her.

"Bring it to me, Shari, let me taste that sweet pussy of yours once more," She said, pulling me towards her mouth with her hands gripping my ass.

I did as she asked...