 You and I are neighbours, we have lived on the same floor for a few years yet we never exchange more than the usual pleasantries that neighbours exchange. Nice weather, thanks for holding the door...

It is a cold winter night and I am coming home late from work with bags filled with groceries, you have just pulled into the parking lot and you see me struggling to get the door open. You rush to my side to help me and I am so grateful as most people just watch me struggle. You take a few bags from me and hold open the door. We step into the lobby and we wait for the elevator. You take a sideways glance at me and you remember how beautiful you thought I was the first time you saw me in the hallway. You feel a stirring in your pants and are embarrassed, you do not know if I can tell that you are aroused. I do see the bulge in your pants getting bigger and am suitably impressed!!

We get to our floor and the doors open, you let me go ahead of you, hoping that will give your hard on time to subside. When we get to my door I drop my bags on the floor and start to search for my keys in my purse, as I bend over my already short skirt rides up and you can see the tops of my stockings and any chance you had of losing your erection fade away...

I open the door and we walk in with the groceries, the door closes behind you and we are in the dark, you feel me get closer and you assume that I am going to turn on the light. Instead you feel my hands on your crotch and my hot breath in your ear as I whisper that I saw your reaction to me in the elevator and I want to taste you...you hear me lock the door and I slide to my knees and you feel me unzip your pants. I push you up against the door and you are disoriented because of the darkness, but as soon as I release your cock you know exactly where you are and what is about to happen. You can't believe it is happening because you have fantasized about it so many times and here I am on my knees about to suck your cock like it's never been sucked!

I gently flick my tongue over the swollen head of your cock and you jump with delight, I roll my tongue all around the head and flick the sensitive underside of the head with such tenderness that you sigh with relief, I have your balls in my hand and am gently massaging them as I slip the tip of your cock inside my hot, wet mouth. I start to suck you as I massage your balls and run my nails up and down your thighs. I slip my hands around to the back of your ass so I can pull you towards me as I take the full length of you into my mouth, so deep that you can feel the back of my throat on the tip of your cock. I dig my nails into your ass as I start to suck harder and faster, I pull back and you think I am done but I take your hand and lead you to my couch, I take off your pants and underwear and I sit you on the couch and spread your legs and kneel down in between them. I remove my blouse and I put your hands on my tits and you can feel my nipples get hard through the fabric as you rub them. I moan and you pull me up into your lap so you can taste them, you gently lift each one out of the bra and you bring me close to your lips, you run your tongue all around the nipples and make them harder and harder, my hands are in your hair and I am moaning in your ear. You have no idea what this is doing to me but my panties are already soaked because I am so turned on by what you are doing.

I stand up and I pull up my skirt and remove my panties, leaving my stockings and heels on. I straddle you and slide your cock into my hot wetness, I sit with all my weight on you and we just sit that way for a minute, our lips find each other in the blackness and we kiss deeply without moving our hips, just enjoying the feeling of our bodies melding into one. Our tongues continue to tangle together and you have moved your hands down to my hips and start to move me up and down on your cock. I throw back my head and start to moan and groan. I feel your rhythm and start to move up and down with you and am feeling every inch of you inside me, I grind my hips on you and am feeling myself get closer to cumming with every thrust. I whisper in your ear that I want you to make me cum and you start to fuck me with every ounce of strength you have...we fuck each other as hard as we can until we both explode at the same time. You whisper that was the best orgasm you have ever had, I stand up and you slip out of me and I can feel your essence starting to drip out of my pussy.

I take your hand and lead you to the bathroom, I light some candles and you finally catch a glimpse of my naked body. You turn me around so we are facing the mirror and you grind up behind me and you grab my tits and are looking deep into my eyes through the mirror, you unhook my bra and you turn me around and pick me up and put me down on the counter. You kneel down in front of me and you see for the first time that my pussy is completely shaved, you can see every fold and glistening inch of me and are dying to taste me. You take my legs and run your lips down the length of my stockings until you reach my shoes, you start to lick and kiss them and you gently remove each shoe and place it on the floor, you unhook my stockings and slide each one off of my legs. You remove the garter and I a now completely naked. I turn to put the shower on and you remove the rest of your clothes. I pull back the curtain and you enter the shower with me. 

I have my back to the shower head and the hot steamy water is running down my body, falling over my tits and you are dying to touch me again. You grab the soap and lather up your hands and run them all over me, you massage my tits with the lather and make each nipple rock hard again, you reach down and spread my legs and are rubbing your soapy hands all over my throbbing pussy, you remove the shower head and run the hot water all over me and wash away all of the soap. You replace it and you kneel before me letting the water run down your back, you put my left leg up on the side of the tub and you finally taste me. You flick your tongue over my clit and I am moaning again, you slip three fingers inside me and start to suck on my clit, my hips are bucking with every thrust of your fingers. I look down and I see that what you are doing to me and my reaction has brought back your beautiful erection and you stand up and wrap my legs around your hips and slip back into my waiting, pulsating pussy. You turn us around and your back is now to the shower head, you ram your cock into me as I bounce up and down and we are both panting with the effort. I tell you how good your cock feels inside me and you tell me that you have never felt this way before. Our pace quickens again and again as we both cum loudly and you slide me off you and back onto the floor of the tub. You grab me and pull me into a passionate kiss and you finally introduce yourself to me...