 I lie down and stretch out, feeling refreshed and amazing after the hot shower and the tender loving care given to me by her. I've been scrubbed and washed from head to toe. Then shaved till silky smooth. I'm aroused but not yet erect, it's bubbling just beneath the surface but I'm not yet focussing on it. I'm watching her put the finishing touches to getting herself dry and faffing around as women do once they get out of the shower.

She catches me watching her naked beauty, gives me that smile that says "Caught you" as she turns her head a little from the mirror and sees my eyes all over her naked body. The next look is with a little grin that states "Dirty bastard" as I am moving my eyes over her soft glowing skin, taking in her magnificent breasts. They are large and shapely, imperfectly perfect, plush nipples that poke out at the world and are now stiffening at my ocular attention. A delight to suck on and play with when in range and it's something I adore as much as her when I do. They are a key to unlocking her, touching them, kissing them, sucking them, lapping them; all turn her on and make her moist nearly instantly if done right. & I know by now how to do it right for her; many months of constant and endless practice has ensured that.

Imperfectly perfect, a true description of her breasts, as they are. Not supermodel pert, nor youthfully firm. They've taken care of Two children, nursed them during infancy, the kids now teens. They ravaged her body in motherhood and she never recovered from them. This matters not, she is sexy and alluring because of the marks of time and her children on her body. Her motherhood still showing regardless of the many years since having her children; now our cubs.

Her short dark hair, wet and shining in the bright bathroom light. She runs a brush through it quickly, not drying it off as she knows I like to feel it when it is wet and I will be running my hands through it shortly. She is preparing herself for the task at hand, not to go out for an evening socialising.

Drying her body finally, rubbing the towel over herself. Again another glance towards me lay on the bed watching her, again another smile at my gaze and attention on her body. She feels she is overweight and often conscious of her size. I adore the curves and contours of her shape and tell her so most days. She turns to face me and let's the towel slip off her body. The way it unfolds off of her and slides over her breasts near perfectly makes my breath catch for a heartbeat. She stands with her legs just slightly apart, allowing me to take in her full naked body and knowing full well where my eyes will rest; sure I will true to form be attracted eventually to gaze at a certain place. Her neatly trimmed bush.

The soft short dark haired little patch she has grown for me. She knows it drives me crazy with lust. She's meticulously shaped it and shaved it in, tongue smooth all around and soft short hairs perfect for running fingers through or the tip and shaft of my hard on. She looks at my body naked on the bed and sees the first twitch of my cock and she knows I am looking at her pussy. The big grin on her face that favours one side when she is thinking lusty thoughts tells me she is more than aware of where I am looking and what I am thinking. So I silently mouth the words "Thank you" at her. The grin equals out and sets across her whole face and she replies silently "You're welcome Master."

She pads from the en-suite into the bedroom, stopping to put some music on low to fill the background and lights a scented candle. I can see her eyes now running over my naked form lay before her on the middle of the bed. I'm not in perfect shape either, the years have not been entirely kind to me. I've many scars and several long term issues from injuries sustained over the decades. Aches and pains and areas of weakness from broken bones and operations to repair them as some of them were fairly serious. I'm not as lean or muscular as I have been or would prefer to be, and certainly not since meeting this lady. She preferred me carrying a bit more weight than I was happy about, but it's the things you do for someone you love. Oh and love her I did, with all my heart and more. Neither of us perfect, but in many ways perfect for each other and in lot's of places our flaws were balanced by one another's strengths. We had a bond, a kinship and a deep affinity in several places other people only read about or heard discussed. It had been these that had kept us together as when it was right it was amazing but it came with it's own set of issues and those were not always healthy. Tonight however the mood was good, the scene was set and we were fully connected.

The children were not at home, the door to the outside world was locked and we had several hours to enjoy each other before they returned from their Fathers and the plan was to take full advantage of this evening. She had a look in her eye and knew what she wanted, and little was going to stop her having it. Certainly not me; I knew her game and what was to be her pleasure...

She moved towards the bed.

She lies down next to me, looking me dead square in my Blue eyes with her Blue eyes. I fucking love that, the near mirror reflection of Blue on Blue. It drove both of us to distraction and lust so often. A single look from each other into them often leading to an intense fuck so many times since we've known each other. Eye contact is hugely important for both of us and we both know how to use it to convey a single thought or a more complex structured notion. Even during heated moments of anger I always found it difficult not to look her dead in the eyes and still want to do despicable things to her born of lust rather than rage; she knew this of course and would use it to her advantage if she was prepared to simmer things down and de-escalate the situation.

Her head moves closer to mine, I can smell her now, her pristine clean skin and lust washing off of her naked body. The air filled with hot dampness and her amorous musk. Her wet hair also adding to her scent and she knows I adore that as I adore her and my eyes tell her precisely that, the subtle grin on my face confirms it, the tips of my fangs are moistened and ready and she knows full well I will use them soon enough. Her eyes are amazing, full of her love for me and that little sparkle that tells me things inside her soul currently are copacetic. Only the faint drift of the shampoo and body wash scent stopping me being overcome entirely by the smell of her. She always tasted faintly of Strawberries, a very subtle hint, just on the edge of perception. Her skin was always soft, sensual and a delight to run a finger or tongue over.

Her full lips are now so close to mine I can almost taste them. Soft, moist and delicious. One of the things about this woman I fell in love first with in fact. I knew from our first kiss that I was going to love her and deeply. A sentiment and feeling also mirrored by her. Not in all the time we spent together did a full passionate kiss fail to arouse me, a fact she always found deep comfort in and of course ensured she knew my passion and love for her burned strong. So aroused her and made her feel like the Queen she was to me.

We dance around the edge of contact, lips a mere fraction of an Inch apart. Tongues both ready to dart forward and taste each other but holding off as the anticipation builds. Her hot breath on my lips and mine on hers, fresh mint tainted saliva ready to be infused with the others. Eyes still wide open and upon each others as the moment builds.

The initial touch of lips soft, sensual, and heavenly. The moments holding off from the kiss ramping up our desire, not that it was required. Moistness sliding over moistness, lubricated deliciousness. The tiny imperfections of our lips, the stratified squamous epithelium, dancing with life at each others joyous intimate embrace. The gateway to our souls entwining, the connection between us growing exponentially with each brushing together.

Softly sliding over each other, the kiss starts to gain momentum, lips pressing harder, mouths opening more by the moment. Both of us holding our breath, seeing who will relent first...

The kiss increased with intensity, neither of us yet prepared to give in. Passion rising with each motion of our jaws, as we sink into one another. Eyes now closed and thoughts of deep affection flowing as we get lost in the other. The feel, the taste, the lust, the love and the bond. Souls now on fire within and crying out for it's counterpart. The heat from inside swelling and growing, seeking it's playmate, desiring to be together, united; complete. The key to joining them together; we both give in at the same time and our tongue tips meet in the middle. Perfection encapsulated in a moment of pure joy. The real sparks start to fly.

Dancing tongues inside each others mouths, parry and thrust upon and with each other. Graceful yet clumsy, no sight to guide them just tactile instinct and hours of practice. Thousands of moments spent doing just this, knowing what each other likes, able to gauge each others need, when to speed up, when to slow down, how much pressure needed and how to Tango with each other. It is a dance and one we are well versed in, our pulses and heartbeats uniting and our inner souls rushing upwards to greet each other.

The kiss has now overtaken everything, no longer can the birds outside the window be heard, faint traffic sounds have faded, the subtle background music she put on has vanished, the only thing to be heard and felt is the sound of two hearts beating as one and the sumptuous sound of lips sliding over one another and moist mouths working as a team. Time is standing still yet again as the Golden amber infused lights of our Two souls entwining in the immortal ether blend together, flecks of turquoise and sun-fire Reds sparking on the outer fringes as the rise from deep inside, follow the counters of body parts and transmit across the tongues rolling around one another.

The kiss breaks for a moment and we both stare at each other, breathless and content for a moment.

Her gaze deep into my own, she smiles and whispers the word I love to hear her say "Soul Mates..."

I return the phrase in the same manner, meaning every single letter like my life depended on it. No oath I have taken, or other words spoken have such meaning to me. Stating the words is signing my life away to her and she knows it.

She shifts position slightly, to free one of her hands. Wishing to feel something that drives her wild.

Her hand reaches out to my face, I know what is coming next; so I sit perfectly still and allow her a moment of guilt free; selfish personal pleasure.

She stood watching me do it, and it takes a fair amount of time. She knows I do it for her and appreciates the gesture. It's not the easiest thing to master and my skills are still not perfect. I dislike shaving as a rule, but some things are worth the effort, and it always netted exquisite ambrosial rewards...

I stood in front of the mirror, with her just off behind and to the side, so I could see her and she could see me in the brightly lit mirror; as I shaved with the Cut Throat razor. The regular multi bladed razor used for a general shave perhaps twice a week. The Cut Throat for nights like this or special occasions when I want her to know my devotion to her and return the little things she does for me. We talk while I minister to my face, the conversation light, often flirty or teasing, bonding and deeply connecting with one another. Intimacy rarely found in other daily life and routine. This was time outside of time, rare and shamelessly taken when possible.

Taking my time with each stroke, the single fresh blade lethal if not used properly. The finish it left though as close to impeccable as possible, near baby soft skin; smooth and immaculate. It turned her on to watch me shave in this manner. The care that needed to be taken, the prior preparation required. Soaking my skin with a hot flannel, then applying the pre shave oil. Creating the lather from the soap, whipping it up with the Badger hair brush, then soaping my face with it. Each stroke precise, measured, blade on skin and every bristle removed with a slow steady stroke. The focus placed on the task making her moisten and seep, knowing soon the exact same focus would be placed on her body or her needs.

To get a near perfect shave it takes several attempts, each time from a different direction; I'd usually repeat the process Three times. For me this would be usually enough as I am fair haired and fair skinned, so my facial hair was not as thick and course as a darker haired man. By the third bout of blade on skin the surface would be tongue soft; which is why I would perform this elongated ritual...

She'd brush her fingers down my cheek, over my chin and across to the other side. Looking deep into my eyes with her Blue ones, that crooked little smile shining and her teeth just showing their tips. Trace her fingers across my lips, taking in the smooth transition to them and the skin above and below; which are always softer when freshly shaved in such a manner as I had than the rest of the skin on my face. Fondling me and basking in the tactile delight of my ministrations for her pleasure, the ritual now in full flight. She'd lick her lips and move closer, then taste my skin and trace her tongue over my cheek and chin, lap at my face with tender care and lust. Hold my face like a prized possession as she tongued over my lips. Her subtle sensual moment of control and Queenly delight. Her breath heavy and hot on my extremely sensitive skin, close to panting now with anticipation.

The passion of the next kiss no longer about anticipation, it was deep, hard, full of lust and on the edge of losing control. The gentle tactual dance gone in the need for full on lip bruising contact, teeth clashing and jaws popping as the artful practised dance turned into an uncontrolled fight for the taste of each other. The tactile moment now past, this was raw and intense; urges no longer unheeded and clawing for millimetres of ground inside each others mouth. Tongues lashing around and across each other now, pushing one another's about or around. Like Sabres clashing in a brawl, nothing short of all out libidinous mortal combat.

When the kiss finally broke; and it took some time. We are both glaring at each other, perhaps wondering who won the fight. A look of recognition washes across our eyes as we realise how deeply we love each other to be able to kiss like that and in the blink of an eye wage war with one another in that personal space. Our gaze softens with each heartbeat as the passion flames inside us. We fold into each other and I wrap myself around her body with mine, we hold each other and regain our breath. Bodies warm and tender, skin on skin and natural; settling into each other.

Both of us also enjoying the opening salvo of pleasure, and basking in this unfiltered pure moment.

Taking a mutually agreed upon beat without a word spoken nor needed and allowing the temperature to decrease a little. Neither of us needing nor ready to go for another round just yet, she knows my need to reduce my ardour, for what is to follow... She also wants a moment to collect herself and prepare for the next step.

End of part 1.