 Something loud smashed to the floor, and Ellian opened her eyes with a start. She looked around what seemed to be a ceiling; though, it had several sheets hanging down from it. Another smash, and Ellian sat up abruptly. The source of the noise was coming from a naked, and exceedingly muscular, man. He dropped two ceramic items, and was trying to clean up the pieces whilst muttering to himself. 

"Ow! Damn these mugs," The man said angrily. 

Ellian stared at him in wonder before actually wondering where she was. She looked around herself, and concluded she was in a bed, and probably had sex the night before, but that was unlikely. However, that man was naked, and she was naked. In a panic, Ellian tried to cover herself up with as many blankets as possible. When she was satisfied, she looked back at the naked man. He was standing up, and pouring orange juice from a pitcher into another ceramic mug. There was also no glass on the floor anymore. After successfully filling the mug, he turned around, and smiled at Ellian. 

"Holy shit!" Ellian screamed when she recognized the man as King George, and she quickly put one hand over her mouth. 

The King looked over at the pitcher he had set on the desk, and shrugged his shoulders. "It's just orange juice."

Ellian stared at him with wide eyes, and gradually sputtered out, "Have I . . . lain . . . with you?"

The King chuckled, "Yes, just last night." He walked towards her, and planted his hands on the end bed. "Would you like to do it again?"

Ellian's head throbbed as memories of the night before flushed her mind. She looked at King George, and her heart fluttered. He was on all fours, and crawling to her. With a pounding heart, she inched her way to the seashell bed frame. When her back was to the frame, the King caressed her cheek, and licked his lips. She looked into his eyes with both excitement and fear. 

In one fell swoop, the King had his lips against hers, and he was kissing her passionately. She moaned into his lips, and he brushed her right nipple with his thumb. Then he grabbed her breast, and fondled it. She tried to find something to do with her hands, and grabbed his soft hair. He let go of her cheek, and let his hand go south, grazing over every feature as he went. With his finger finally at the entrance of her pussy, he pressed slightly, and ran his finger over the folds of her clit. 

Ellian shuddered into his lips, and bucked against his hand. He restrained her by putting one hand against her stomach. With extra fever, he picked up the speed on her clit, and continued to tease her. Ellian moaned quietly, and he smirked. Relenting, the King pushed his finger at the entrance of Ellian's pussy. He bobbed his finger back and forth, and finally plunged two fingers deep into her. Ellian let go of his hair, and grabbed the bed. 

"Your Majesty," The guard interrupted. 

King George broke the kiss, and looked behind himself. After a moment, he pulled his fingers out, and Ellian moaned dejectedly. With a simple leap, he was off the bed, and Ellian pulled the blankets up to cover her breasts. The guard was holding clothing, and the King took it, and put it all on. He wore a blue tunic, grey pants, and a red cape that was shorter than the one he wore last night. 

"How do I look?" King George asked Ellian, his arms up, and slightly bent. 

"Dressed," Ellian sighed despairingly. 

He went back to the bed, and kissed her. Without looking at the guard, he said, "Make sure she stays here until I return, and give her anything she desires."

The King left the room, and Ellian whimpered at the sound of the doors closing. She hummed a few notes of a song, and tapped her heels together, and sighed. 

For a few moments she was quiet, but got bored, and yelled, "Am I aloud to tell you all what to do?"

She heard several mutters, and then, "To a limit, Lady."

"What AM I supposed to do?" She asked desperately. 

More mutters, and then, "There's breakfast, and a dress on the desk, Lady."

Ellian sat up straighter to see the contents on the desk, and yelled, "Thank you!"

More than one guard answered, "You're welcome."

Ellian scooted off the bed as well as she could without the blanket falling. When she got off, she wrapped it around her shoulders like a cape, and shuffled to the desk. There was a long blue dress with a white front that was covered by blue ribbons. The hips of the dress flowed out to make the dress seem poofier, and the sleeves were fluffed, and had strings at the wrist to tighten. 

Ellian smiled at the dress, and shouted, "Thank you for your help, but I would like you all to leave while I get dressed!"

"Someone will have to stay, Lady," A guard answered immediately. 

Ellian looked at the guard next to the desk. "You can stay, but not in here." She motioned to the sheeted area. 

The guard bowed, and walked away. She heard clanking until the doors were closed, and assumed only the sentient remained. Ellian lifted the dress by the shoulders, and slipped it over herself without any undergarments. Once dressed, she grabbed the tray of food, and, carefully, took it to the bed to eat. 

When she was seated comfortably, she called to the guard, "I'm clothed now."

The guard clanked into the room, and held his helmet at his side. Ellian stuffed an egg into her mouth, and looked up. 

She sloppily said, "Hello, Gavin!"

"Hello, Ellie," Gavin returned dryly. 

Ellian didn't hear the distance in his voice, and smiled at him before munching on some more food, and taking sips of orange juice every now and then. 

Eventually, Gavin interjected on her happy meal to say, "He doesn't love you."

Ellian nearly coughed out a strawberry, but managed to swallow it down, "I don't expect him to, Gavin."

"He is only using your body for his pleasure," He continued. 

Ellian stared at him, dumbfounded, before returning, "You saw what he did this morning, did you not? That was all for my pleasure." She got wet, just thinking stout it, and had to move the dress away from her bottom. 

"Yes, Ellie, but you'll want him more later, and he knows that. He's just going to get rid of you like he did to Lady Alexandra."

Elliam scoffed, "What does she have to do wth this?"

"Obviously, the young King was trying to get rid of her, and he kept her in that tower intentionally. You came into the plan once you saw those pictures."

"That would make you part of it, too, since you brought them to him. You tried to make this happen."

"I did not! I only just realized this. Look, the King is looking for a Queen who can properly satisfy him. You didn't last night, but you're pretty, and you were a virgin, so he wants to give you a second chance."

"What if I do well? Then I'm Queen, and this 'warning' proves useless."

Gavin paused, unable to argue. Ellian smirked at his silence, and continued eating. She was just about to finish the fruit when she heard him mumble.

"Excuse me?" She inquired, only to get a slightly louder mumble. "Gavin, what?"

"I love you!" Gavin hollered. He looked down at his feet, and whispered, "I love you, Ellie."

"Gavin, I don't feel that way," Ellian sympathized. 

"I don't need you to love me back. I don't need you to do anything, except sit there." He looked up at her aggressively, and advanced towards her. 

"Gavin, you're scaring me." Ellian cowered at the opposite end of the bed. 

He reached the bed, grabbed her ankle, and pulled it, so she was on her back, and closer to him. The tray of breakfast clattered to the floor, and the mug and plates smashed. He then climbed onto the bed, and hung above her on his hands and knees.

"Gavin?" She whimpered, "Gavin, I don't like this." Elian tried to sit up, but he put one hand on her left breast to hold her down. 

Before she could say anything else, Gavin planted his lips on hers. She bit his lip, and he pulled away. 

"That HURT!" Gavin slapped her cheek. 

He roughly kissed her again, and she tried to hit him again, but he held her wrists down. Without any other options, Ellian kneed him in the crotch, and he bit her lip from pain. He rolled over, and held his crotch with both of his hands. Seeing her chance, Ellian stumbled out of the bed, and ran to the doors. She pulled them open, spotted the King around a group of philosophers, and ran to him. 

He grabbed her shoulders, and held her away from him. He glared at the guards, and they all tried to escape eye contact. "You were supposed to—" King George became aware of her bleeding lip, and red cheek. "What happened?"

Ellian embraced the King and sobbed against his chest, "It wa-was Gavin."

The King looked at the guards with murder in his eyes, and growled, "I want him dead."

In response, a third of the guards marched into his chamber. 

He then motioned for a guard, and said, "Get me a wet cloth, and a silk robe." 

The guard ran from the room, and King George stroked Ellian's hair. Promptly, the guards came back from his chamber with a struggling Gavin. 

"You will never love her like I do!" He yelled as they fought.

"Kill him the moment you get down there," King George told one guard as they closed the door. 

Ellian looked at him with tear stained cheeks, "He's my friend."

"That pig is no longer your friend," He said as he wiped her eyes. 

The guard came back into the room, and gave King George the cloth and robe. He took them, lifted Ellian into his arms, and went to the doors to his chamber. 

Before he left, he nodded to the philosophers, "Gentlemen, I'm afraid I must be going."

They all bowed in return, and he closed the doors. He walked into the small bed area, and set Ellian on her feet. 

"I could have walked," Ellian said as he pulled the dress off her shoulders. 

"Yes, but my subjects like me more when I act heroic. Also, it's 'I could have walked, Your Majesty'." King George reminded her. 

"Did I say that?" Ellian shimmied the dress off her hips, and it fell to the floor, leaving her naked. 

"You didn't say 'Your Majesty'. Why didn't you put anything on underneath your dress?" He put the robe on her from behind.

"I didn't want to," Ellian said defiantly, and the King dabbed her lip with the cloth. 

"I've already seen you naked, though."

"Did you like it?"

The King turned her around, and wrapped his free hand around her body to rub her clit. She moaned and pressed her back against his chest. Dropping the cloth to the ground, he grabbed her breast, and squeezed it gently. She grabbed his biceps, and squeezed back. 

With his hand still on her pussy, he rubbed circles around her clit. He would pick his speed up, and slow down, and keep up a rhythm of speeding up and slowing down. She nearly reached orgasm when he sped up again, but lost it when he slowed down. She arched her back at the next speed up, and when he slowed down she whimpered. The King took three fingers, and vigorously rubbed her clit. She arched her back, and moaned as her orgasm came out. King George tapped her clit once more, and stopped. Her juices rolled down her leg, and she shook against him as each wave of the orgasm passed. 

He picked the cloth off the floor, and spun her back around to wipe up her bloody lip. "Yes, I did like it."

As he wiped, he noticed a cut along her cheek, and pursed his lips. 

"What a pig," He mumbled as he moved the cloth to wipe her cheek. 

Ellian winced when he touched the cut, and he chose to clean it later. He held her other cheek, and kissed her lips only to have her wince again. King George let go of Ellian, clenched his teeth, and turned away from her. 

"George—?" He interrupted her. 

"He should NOT have touched you, Ellian," He huffed over his shoulder, "Now I can't touch you without fear of hurting you."

"I can—" He stopped her. 

King George kicked one of the legs of his desk. "I have a kingdom to run, but I can't do anything if you're constantly on my mind."

"George!" Ellian scowled. He stopped and looked at her as she went to him, and pulled him into a velvety kiss. When she pulled away, she breathed, "Gently."

He swooned silently, and pulled her in for another kiss. She smiled into his lips, and he backed her onto the bed where they kissed until sleep.