 I was working late, when I saw the light on in your office. You were working at the computer. Your tie loosened, the top button of your shirt undone, a stressed look on your face. I had just made some coffee for myself, and decided to bring you a cup. I walked into your office, you didn't look up. You seemed to be so involved with your work. I placed the coffee on your desk, and you looked up with a startled glance. "I thought you might need some of this," I said quietly. 

You looked at me, your eyes traveling the length of my body. You picked up the coffee, and said with a smile, "I definitely need some of that." 

I blushed slightly, feeling my body respond to your cloaked words, wondering if you could read my mind. You motioned to me to come around to your side of the desk, and check out the project you were working on. You had a few question about company policy. I bend over to look closer at the computer screen, scrolling the project up and down. "I don't see any discrepancies. You seem to have everything under control."

"OH, I know that, I wanted to know your feeling on company policy about this," and you slide your hand over my ass, pausing slightly as you feel the strap of my garter belt, then continuing down my leg. I tense slightly at your boldness, not saying a word. Knowing if you slide your hand back up my leg you'll know how I feel. An involuntary shiver runs through my body. I clear my throat and walk towards the door. I hear you following me, and feel your body behind mine as you close the door in front of me, your hand over my shoulder against the door.

"Don't fight this," you whisper, "I've seen you stay late every night I've been working." I turn around slowly a denial on my lips, but your lips close over mine and every excuse why this is wrong disappears from my mind. Your arms wrap around me, and you deepen the kiss, sliding your tongue across mine, tugging my lower lip between your teeth, then sucking it gently. You walk me backwards toward the desk, never breaking the kiss. Then with a quick move, you turn me around, your lips on my neck, breathing the scent of my perfume mixed with the scent of arousal. 

I feel you unzip my skirt, and wiggle it down over my hips, your hands rough on the smooth skin of my ass. It slides to the ground with a swish, and without prompting, I step out of it. You pause for a moment, looking at my ass, running a finger along the garter. "No panties," you breath almost a question, but definitely a statement of fact. 

My back is still to you, and I reach a hand back to the waist of your pants, feeling lower, running my fingers along your growing cock, feeling it push against the fabric. I turn around slowly, my eyes on your face. Your hands move to the buttons on my blouse....and mine to your tie and shirt. Without any warning...our pace becomes quickened...knowing we can't wait any longer. Our lips meet again, tongue against tongue, stealing the breath from me. Your hands tear at my blouse, pulling it apart, buttons popping. You stare in disbelief, realizing in an instant I hadn't been wearing a bra. Pushing everything from your desk, you pick me up and lay me down on it. Bending over me, your lips closing over one nipple and then the other, sucking, biting gently, rubbing your tongue over them, feeling me arch my back and gasp at the exquisite pleasure. 

I feel your lips stop and I look up to see you watching me. I move my hands over my nipples, down my body, until they slide over my pussy. One hand spreading my pouting lips while the other slides back and forth over my slick wetness. Your eyes glaze over with desire as you watch me masturbate. Your hands move to your belt, unbuckling it, unzipping your pants, sliding them over your hips. With hastened urgency you remove the rest of your clothes, watching me the entire time, as I slip a finger inside myself, then bring it to my lips for a taste. 

Your cock springs outward as you free it from its fabric prison. You're so hard and throbbing already. You lean over me again. I wrap my hand around your cock, and slide your head back and forth over my creamy slit. I moan against your ear "Please, I can't wait any longer." Your audible gasp as you push into me, sliding into my thick wetness, is more than I can take. I wrap my legs around you, digging my heels into your back, as I push my hips upward to meet your thrust. 

You still for a moment, letting me get used to your size, telling me, "Don't close your eyes, look at me." I open my eyes and see your face, feeling the tension in your body as you fight with yourself not to move to quickly. Your hands are on my hips as you slowly exit me almost to the tip. Then you grab me tighter and thrust quickly again into me. "Oh Yes," I moan, feeling you stretch me. I can't stand it any longer, this exquisite pleasure, my body wanting to feel you, to be opened by you over and over. 

"PLEASE..PLEASE," I cry. You look into my eyes and with a steady rhythm, start pumping in and out of me, my tight pussy squeezing around you. Your hand moves to my breast as you continue thrusting in and then sliding out. I arch my back off the desk, and look at you, watching you, watching your cock slide in and out of my pussy. "YOU feel so good, so hot," you moan as you feel my hot wetness then the cool air on your cock. 

You pull me up for a kiss, then grab my ass in your hands, lifting me, my long legs wrapped around your waist, your dick throbbing inside me. You stumble with me toward the wall, pressing my back against it. I hear you grunting as you continue thrusting into me, my body wrapped around you, hands in your hair, legs around your waist, panting desperately in your ear. I feel you slow, and look at you, then slide my tongue over your lips. You look at me and I can see a thought running through your head. You slowly let me down steadying me on my shaky legs. You turn me around and walk me to the big window that overlooks the city. I can see our naked bodies reflected in the window, and know we can be seen by other people. 

I feel your cock jump against my ass, as you feel my excitement. You press my body against the cold window, and I gasp spreading my legs slightly. I feel you press into me hard, almost lifting me with your cock. With a scream I cry out as you hit my spot deep inside. This turns you wild...and you grab my hair, and thrust into me harder and harder. The cool window, your hot body, sending shivers all over me. My legs are shaking and you keep pushing over and over again

"OHHHHHHHH........yesssssssss.....like that baby.......damn," I moan against the window, my hot breath making a fog where my lips touch it. You whisper into my ear, "Tell me this is what you wanted, tell me." I moan some more, "Yeeeesssssssssss..........god yeeessssss." "No," you grunt into my ear, "I want you to tell me how much you love my cock in you, that you have never felt this complete," and then you thrust into me quick and hard, branding me. "YES,"I scream, "Your cock is all I need, pleeeeeeeasee don't stop." 

You feel my pussy squeeze around you repeatedly, my legs shaking, a shudder running through my entire body and you know I am close to fulfillment. You slide almost all the way out, and then push in again, smacking my ass with the flat of your hand. Gasping, I feel my pussy tighten harder around your cock, feeling it pulse inside me. You are steadying your rhythm, with every stroke hitting that spot deep inside me. I feel you start to shudder, as I moan against the window, "Oh yes, baby, that is the way I like it.....that's it." Pushing my ass back against you, meeting your thrusts, feeling you grab my hips, pushing me over the edge, "OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHH......fuck....jesus....pleeeeeeeease." My screams of pleasure send you crashing into your orgasm. You press into me helping me ride through mine. The pleasure is so intense. You hold me tight. as my hands try to grab onto the window and just slide against the slick surface.

Your sweaty body relaxes against my back and I feel your lips on my shoulder as, panting, I try to catch my breath. I try to pull away from you, but you hold me there, against the window. Your cock softening inside me, evidence of our entwined bodies, sliding down my thigh. Still I struggle against you, feeling almost awkward, wondering what the hell I was thinking. You whisper into my ear, "Don't run from me, I'm not ready to let you go." I sigh and relax against you, a million thoughts running through my mind. 

"Don't worry about anything," you whisper, "It will be ok...whatever you're thinking about let it go. Just think about right now. Think about us." And you run your lips along my shoulder tugging gently on my ear. I turn my face to you, and our lips meet in the sweetest kiss.