 I want you to take your time and dress in a scarf, a tight retro sweater, a bra, a simple skirt, and a pair of vintage stockings and garter belt

Fix your hair simply, down. Wear heels.

You'll enter the room, the fireplace lit and the flames licking off in the corner, a few candles closer to the loveseat.

You'll take the Manhattan, enjoy a sip, and we'll talk, as my hand wanders up your thigh.

Come here. You bow your head, supplicant, fitting into my shoulder. My hand slides around, protective, controlling.

For some time now, your body hasn't been yours. Tonight, it will be mine, a means to return it to you.

"Virtuous, I know." I smile, sarcastic, self-serving, sure.

I hold you there, soft lips on soft lips, fingers entwined hard in hair.

Finally, I slide back eye to eye.

Strip. In front of the fireplace's dancing light.

Take your time.

I slip back into the seat, a sip of the drink, and wait, staring theatrically.

You start tentatively. When you peel off the sweater, I slide my shirt over my head.

When you drop the skirt, I drop my pants, then lean back, watching.

My voice is firm, unwavering. I tell you to caress your curves, pull your nipples, slide your hands over your hips and stomach and into your hair. Unhook and drop the bra.

You perform in the flickering light, seduction, submission, tease.

I motion towards the garter belt...

Slowly, the stockings are released and, even more languorously, they're removed.

Naked, I arise from the couch and run my right forefinger around your lips.

Don't move.

The finger traces down your chin to your breasts, cupping one in my hand, letting the hard nipple slide between forefinger and middle finger, pulling it.

Don't move..

I play with your breasts, pinching, kneading, stroking, gauging your reaction.

Eventually, I move behind you, massaging your shoulders, my enjoyment obvious.

My hands retreat for a moment and a black blindfold slips over your eyes.

I guide you past the warmth of the fire to the bed.

On your back. Hands over head.

The scarf is released from around your neck and ties your wrists, my legs straddling your chest, my hardness slipping up between your breasts, teasing your lips.

For long squirming minutes, hands explore your body, breath warm on your nape, just below the hair line.

Your hair is roughly gathered and pinned up in a clip, your nape vulnerable.

Hands over head. Don't move.

An icy drip on your nipple. Then another. A melting cube circles the breast, chased by a languid, tormenting tongue. A pause. Teeth raking over your nipple hard-on. Then a pinch.

Not yet.

Another shocking cube, icy hot tracing a line down your center, slowly turning and going back up over your breast and into your mouth.

Hand in hair, holding you.

Mine.

Both hands kneading your breasts. Small circles. Slow. Hard. Thumbs and forefingers.

A hand slides down over your thighs, the back of the fingers caressing your slit along the way.

Hands over head.

Knees apart.

Fingers exploring. Breathing.

Not yet.

One finger tracing a hard, slick clit.

Two fingers inside. Pushing. There.

Whispers. Not yet.

Turn over. Now.

On your knees, face down. Cheeks high, exposed, beckoning, expectant.

A palm flat, caressing your bottom, fingertips circling.

Mine. All mine.

Anticipation.

A pause. An expectant, breath-holding pause.

The sound of skin on skin. Hand on cheek.

Heat rising from your bottom. Breathing harder, a gurgle, a moan.

Mine.

Again. Skin on Skin.

Shocking. Breathtaking. A gasp.

Heat. Red skin rising.

A tender hand slipping underneath. Playing.

Minutes.

Don't move. Hands over head.

On your back again.

Long, slow kisses.

Hands pinning hands over your head.

Breath on nape.

A stroke of your hair.

A tongue just behind your ear.

Whispers. Not yet.

Hips squirming, rising..

Slowly...a hand raising your knees one after the other.

Don't move. Hands over head.

My hands underneath you, your hips up.

A slow, flat tongue slides up your slick center, slowly, then back down, pausing, lingering, then back up before teasing with the tip at the top.

A tongue tracing a line from your center to your lips, teasing your nipples on the journey.

Hand in hair, holding your head.

Open your mouth.

A hard, deep kiss. Taste yourself.

Hip to hip. Grinding.

One hand entwined in the bonds over your head.

Scarf released.

Hands slowly sliding down your cheeks, tracing your lips, your neck, your breasts, a firm, seductive line to your center.

Both hands sliding under your bottom, raising you up, holding you there.

Your arms around my back.

Knees raised.

A pause.

A look.

My tip there, teasing.

Your hips rising up to meet it.

Your eyes pleading.

Not yet.

Not yet.

Tell me.

Tell me.

Surrender all.

Now ask.

Please.

Driving in. Holding. Back out to the tip.

Eyes meeting, smiling eyes.

Abandon.

Pounding abandon.

Your body.

All mine.

All yours, again.