 Sally has been the chairman of our local "Walk for Breast Cancer Research" for the last few years. She is prim and proper in public. Her excellent business skills, efficiency and serious nature gets her appointed to run everything she gets involved in. I became enamored with her about four years ago. She was about forty then and separated from her verbally abusive alcoholic husband. We dated off and on for a year while she was back and forth living with him. They separated again, about three years ago and she moved in with me for a few months. She turned out to be hot, wild and to have a submissive streak. I was getting serious; I even had a secret ring I had purchased for her. Sure I knew she was still officially married, but I wanted her to know I wanted to be with her and help make her life more fun. It was not to be. Sally went back to her guy. I was crushed. I chose to be alone and speed up my very early retirement plans.

At fifty, my business was successful, took almost all my waking hours and I had been working that way since I was sixteen. It was time to sell out and live a little. A few months ago, my business sold for an insane amount of cash and future payments. The new owners were still phasing in. When it was mine, each year the company had made one single five digit donation to a local charity – it was good for the local community and good for business taxes. The final donation under my control, I had decided to give to Sally's cause. Her mother had gone through a double mastectomy and Sally went through a scare right before she lived with me.

Sally's carefully chosen week-end had worked perfectly for three years, but this year was a disaster. Friday night, many displays were already set up inside the oval at the high school's outdoor track, the local radio station had put up their booth and inflated their massive gorilla, a hot air balloon was ready to give free tethered rides and the silent auction items were lined next to the grandstands. Fireworks had been donated and wired for the band and dancing on Saturday night. Several thousand people were expected over the weekend. Even the local forecasters missed the severe late summer rain storm that formed unexpectedly right over our area to drench both Saturday and Sunday.

As I walked from my car Saturday morning, people were scrambling in the gusty wind and rain to break down displays, save literature and donated auction items. I could tell that the theme of this year's walk had been carried out beautifully. It was to have been an "Old Time Fair," complete with blue ribbons for the best home grown vegetables, a dunking tank for county officials, a wagon for hayrides, baked goods and a kissing booth. Many of the women had dressed in colorful, full skirts with lots of slips, and had worked to copy old time hair styles.

Sally was scurrying around, frantically, at the event's office tent, adjacent to the kissing booth. Her hair was losing its curl, her face and outfit had been peppered with rain and she looked absolutely gorgeous to me. When she saw me, she instantly seemed willing to let everything else go.

"Will, for months, I've tried and tried to call you, so many times."

"I sold the business and my house. I've been traveling and living on the boat when I'm here. I'm sorry about the horrible weather messing up your event. You are as beautiful and desirable as ever."

Several people heard my sincere compliment; she blushed and slipped back into business mode. "It is such a shame. We are all heart sick that we won't make any money for cancer research this year."

"Step over here, in the Kissing Booth." She followed, ducking under the low overhang of the open sides of the booth. For the moment, the rain was coming straight down but the drops were large and noisy on the canvas. "Give me a kiss for old times' sake."

The kiss was almost proper for being in public. I whispered, "You are still wonderful with your lips." I put a hundred dollar bill in the empty glass donation jar. An old wrinkled hand attached to a big smile and a playful voice reached for the jar and said, "Kiss him again, Sweetie, we need the money." I laughed; so did, Sally. When I pulled out another hundred from my wallet, her eyes sparkled. This kiss was much better. I handed the rain spotted hundred to the reaching wrinkled hand.

We had just leaned back from each other when, Sally said, "I'm divorced now."

My interest immediately peaked and then tempered in the flash of half-a-dozen hurtful memories of her leaving me to go back to her alcohol and foul language filled home. Almost coldly, I played, "Then let's go back into your office, you give me a very good private kiss and I'll give you a proper donation."

Several sets of rain-soaked eyes with mascara streaks watched us go into the blue, 10'x10' tent and me zip the flap closed. It was loud, hot and humid inside. We were facing each other. I had my right hand on her left hip. She didn't know what to do and neither did I. My protective shells were up, I just told the brutal truth, "I have really missed you. My heart broke when you left. That is why I sold everything and have been escaping the area for a while."

"I have missed you. Thinking I had lost you gave me the strength to finally go through the divorce."

"We used to be really great at kissing. Do you think we still are?"

My former lover's body molded into mine, as if, we had been together and practicing every day for the last three years. She was looking into my eyes and rubbing her leg between mine. Old Fateful knew his cue and responded immediately. Our kiss grew hotter and our tongues reacquainted us to each other's tastes. Damn she was stealing my mind again. I couldn't let her hurt me again. My heart had learned how not to feel. I felt the cruel, detached curtain come down inside me.

"You are the most beautiful and desirable woman I have ever known. I am happy that you have freed yourself and can now look for some true happiness. If anyone deserves it, you do."

Her hand trailed down my body and cupped my cock. "We were good together, can we try again?"

I ignored her question for the time being. "Remember the gift you gave me? That was the most special night of my life. Do it again."

Fear flashed in her eyes. Her gift had been that she swallowed when I came. She said that she had never done that before. She certainly did it a lot after that initial time. But here, there were risks; here, there was danger. Her mind reviewed where we were, "We're in a tent surrounded by a hundred scurrying people, people I should be overseeing, people I know, people who could catch us, people who would not understand why I'm on my knees with his cock in my mouth." Sally felt I had given her a challenge; a challenge she had to meet to give us any possible new chance.

Desire and what we had once, won over her rational concerns. When she knelt, she was quiet, but my zipper sounded like it was on the loud speaker when she pulled it down. Everything was too bound up, this wasn't going to work. I unbuckled my belt. She pulled my pants and boxers down. Something new, my pubic hair was very short. That probably looked strange since the rest of my chest and belly is hairy.

Sally's right hand cupped my balls and used them to pull me forward and push my cock between her just slightly open lips. She was good at this because she loved doing it. She changed hands and I felt her wiggle to get her right hand down into her own pants and slip her two middle fingers into her wet, slippery bald pussy. She had masturbated for me a dozen times. She always did it the same way, with those center fingers thrusting and her thumb on her clit.

Her tongue wrapped around my helmet, traced around its ridge several times and then licked away the pre-cum drops that had formed at the tip. Before when she took me this way, she looked into my eyes to read how to adjust her actions to bring me the maximum pleasure. That was nice but I really wanted her to let go. She had let go when I made love to her or when we made love together but not when she was in control.

This time, Sally was needy; her body was already racing toward climax. Her eyes were closed and she wanted my cum. She was sucking harder and faster than I ever remember her doing. I pulled her hand up from my balls and held it on my cock so she could add friction around the ridge and she jacked my cock into and out of her sucking mouth. She knew I was trying to time my release with hers. Knowing I was trying to be with her speeded her along even more. I started to quietly tell her where I was; how wonderful her mouth felt on me; how I had missed her; how I wanted her. Her body convulsed and a little too loudly I told her, "I'm cuming."

God did I cum. I saw stars, almost fell forward but was able to grasp a table. My sperm sent back messages to my mind as they spurted out in waves, she swallowed and they slipped down her throat and puddled in her warm belly. My cock was sensitive but she was still riding her fingers and could not stop cuming. Her movements were losing their coordination. She was about to collapse so I knelt down and held her until she finished. She knew me too well. With her head on my shoulder, she brought her dripping fingers to my lips so I could taste her and lick away her sweetness.

I had never really given her orders or directed her, even though, I knew about her submissive side. It was my shortcoming not to have exerted more control, control that she wanted. She might have stayed with me three years ago, if had addressed her needs better. After her breathing returned to normal, I stood.

"Sally, you know I am still crazy about you. However, things will have to be different this time. I will direct more and you will have to follow. I will have to learn to trust that you are committed to being with me." I pushed my new card into her blouse's pocket. "Clean my cock; it is dripping. Then help me put it back into my pants." She sucked, licked and pulled the last drops from my softening tube the way I had shown her to do years ago.

As I pulled up my pants, she guided my cock and balls. I talked, "My new cell phone number is on the card, I gave you. If you really want to start over, I do too. I will be going to Belize later this month for ten days. I want you to go with me. It is an all inclusive resort and provides 24 hour companions. You will have to get adventurous again, like you told me you were during your bi-sexual college days. I don't care how difficult it might be for you to get away. If you don't call, committed to go when I say, I will know this was a one-time surprise and not the beginning of the lifetime of love that I had hoped for with you."

When I helped her up, I slipped my hand into her pants, pushed two fingers into her soaking cunt and massaged her g-spot. "You know I want to push you down on the ground and take you right now." I pulled my hand out and held my wet fingers to her lips. We had done this many times before.

She trembled in my arms and spoke quietly, "I've missed you so much and how wild you make me." Her eyes closed, her mouth opened and my mouth trapped her fingers pushing them between our lips to share.

Her pants were very obviously wet when I unzipped the tent. I'm sure the humid escaping hot air was heavy with the smells of sex. I handed Sally a sealed thick envelop, addressed to "Breast Cancer Walk" and showing the return address of my old company, Copper Hill Electronics. Sally had told me that they always try to reach $25,000 to donate to the cause. They never had, but it was their goal. This rainy, windy, washed out year, with no attendees and at the old time kissing booth, they met their goal.

To be continued in Belize with Tanya