 So there I was; a delightful 18 year old schoolgirl.

What had happened was that I had gone round to my friend's house straight after school for dinner.

The house was a good 15 – 20 minutes away from my house on the bus. My friend and I had met at the school I went to, but she had since moved and changed schools. I looked forward to spending time with her as we always had such a laugh.

I remember this time period in my life so well. I loved it, everything from the friends I had, my social life, the music I listened to, just everything. I had also developed a new look for the way that I went to school. It was late spring, maybe early summer. 

I was wearing my hair down, my hair is very long, to my waist, it is thick and very wavy, almost curly. My school uniform is black, a short skirt with a shirt, tie and blazer. I wear heavy eye make-up and knee boots, my legs are bare and tanned.

So, you know when something so memorable happens in your life, and it happens just the once....you replay it in your head, over and over until every fine detail is retained.

Here is how it went.

The evening was getting on. The sun was still out.

At my friend's house, her Mum was often out, usually at work, and sometimes her Dad was out, but usually he would be home. They were really liberal people, who let us drink when we wanted and had no objection to us smoking, or even smoking pot; these reasons alone are possibly why I loved it there so much!

This particular day, he was home, but milling about outside busying himself with something. I didn't know what; I never made it my business because I really didn't care. My friend and I were too busy having a laugh, drinking cider and smoking pot.

Her Dad was a sinister sort of a character, drab, full of shit, deeply unattractive in that greasy skinny kind of way. He looked rat like in fact. We had met so many of his friends all exactly the same, greasy, slimy, and dressed in an unkempt way.

We were in the lounge giggling about nothing in particular when her Dad appeared, he had come indoors to make coffee, I heard him head off into the kitchen. While he waited for the kettle, he came into the lounge where we were, to make pleasantries and chit chat, to appear interested or something. 

I tell him that I will be heading off soon as time is getting on a bit. He went back into the kitchen, and as he passed the doorway, he popped his head in, stooped over, and balancing an overfull cup of hot beverage in each hand said:

"There is no need to get the bus home. My mate is in the garage building a kit car. He will give you a lift home after we have had our coffee if you can wait." He said suggesting to the cups with his head in a nodding fashion only a pigeon could copy.

I said OK.

So I am standing waiting in the lounge for one of my mates Dads greasy horrible unkempt mates to appear, leering, to give me a lift home. I am beginning to wish I hadn't bothered to agree, worried how short and suggestive my school skirt would appear in a car while I sit, and how I really don't want any of this man's friends leaching all over me with their beady reptile like eyes and sneering with their dirty ill cared for teeth, while their over sized pores get bigger as they get hotter.

I stood with my school bag clutched under my arm nervously. 

Suddenly, from out of nowhere and interrupting my thoughts was a load clap, with the sound of palms being rubbed together:

"Right then, you ready for the off?!"

In surprise, I spun round; he was still rubbing his hands together, eyebrows raised and teeth on full view as a smile separated his stunning face!

Standing there, in my friends lounge, I was met face to face with the elusive kit car builder.

I can't remember how tall he was, but for arguments sake we could just say average or medium. He was olive skinned, beautiful wide smile with nice teeth. Pulled back was curly jet black hair tamed into a very small pony tail. He had big shiny eyes that were very direct, welcoming, inviting. They seemed to look right into me. He wore clean clothes; a clinging T shirt and jeans and I could tell that beneath them lay a great body to go with the face. His hands were strong looking, with stained dirt on them, remnants of the car he was building. 

I don't know how long I stood staring at him, chin on the ground and heart in my mouth. In all my 18 years to this very point in time I had never felt such instant attraction to any male ever.

I got the impression that he was not too disappointed with the nubile sight standing in front of him that he had been given the task of escorting home, despite the fact I was about half his age.

I said my goodbyes to my friend and the Kit Car Builder and I left for the car, my eyes never strayed from watching his back side all the way down the path out onto the street where he stopped at the Ford Scorpio parked there. He produced keys from a pocket and held a car door open for me like a chauffeur. He stared into me again with those huge eyes, smiling constantly, holding his arm out gesturing for me to get into the vehicle, his eyes glinting in the late spring light.

I tried to stay controlled, but all the while remaining my usual flirty self as he started the car and drove off.

"So then.." I started

"If you are building a car in their garage...is this Mummies car you're driving...or is it Daddies?"

I looked at him all the time I questioned, smiling my own charming smile, holding a stare, my head tilted to the side making my long hair hang down to one side.

He tilted his head too, maintained my stare, his eyes were glinting still and he smiled and replied..

"Daddies!" and as he said so, he raised his eyebrows.

I just wanted to stare at him. This was like an all you can eat buffet. My palms were sweating and my heart was booming away. Shit, I was fit to burst!

The atmosphere in the car was electric.

"So then...where do you want dropped off?" he asked looking at me again like he was inviting me to flirt with him, which I was loving.

I took a deep breath.

"Well...." I said slowly, not believing what I was about to say.

I heard the words come out of my mouth like they belonged to someone else.

That's how surprised I was at myself.

"It seems a pity to go home so soon, it is such a lovely night...we could go somewhere quiet and have a smoke if you like" there was short pause "I've got some pot."

His expression had changed and my heart stopped beating in my mouth, it just hung. I was about to get blown off.....I knew it, I was just waiting.

The killer smile re appeared as if he had weighed up all sorts of pros and cons in his mind and come to a decision.

"I'd love to!" he said, his smile staying on his face, he continued "I'm sure Daddy won't mind if I am back a little later with his car."

With that he shook his head like he was dreaming or having a moment of disbelief and put his foot down.

Soon we were out of the city and surrounded by fields.

He slowed at a road marked 'Private Road' and turned up it.

"I know the folk that live here...they are away just now...we won't be disturbed." He promised.

Surrounded by a cluster of thick trees he parked.

I pulled out some Cannabis resin from my blazer pocket and while he rolled a perfect joint I watched.

Looking at him more clearly I guessed he was in his mid thirties.

He passed the newly rolled joint to me.

"We'd best smoke this outside. I wouldn't want to get a bomber in your Daddies car" I stated dryly. 

I got out of the car and stood in front of the bonnet, waited for him to get out of the car and I reached for the lighter to light the joint.

As quickly as he had appeared in the lounge of my friend's house, he was up close, right in my face, with a hand round my wrist stopping the lighter from rising to my mouth.

"You can light that in a minute." He said staring at me; I could feel his breath on my face. 

As soon as he had finished what he was saying, his lips were on mine, he was kissing my lightly, kissing me slowly, gently as if not to rush the situation and also to double check he was reading my signals correctly.

I returned his kisses and bit on his lip before covering his lips completely and let his tongue meet mine.

My heart was beating so much; I could hear it in my ears.

I felt his arm creep around my waist under my school blazer; his other hand was behind my neck, pulling my face closer to his, his foot was creeping inside of mine on the ground.

I stood still, kissing him, my hand leaning on the bonnet of the car with the joint still poised between my fingers ready to be lit.

I felt myself melting, slowly, backwards, onto the bonnet, while dealing with the thought that this was actually happening to me.

His hand moved from around my waist and went to the buttons of my school shirt; my tie was already off with the top button undone. He undid another 3 buttons, slowly working his way down, and then pushed his hand inside the shirt, cupping his hand round my breast while it was separated from his hand only by the flimsy white lace of a bra.

He massaged it gently as the kiss continued and went from gentle to more needy.

The massage got firmer until he slid his hand inside the bra and released the breast and it's large erect nipple.

He leaned against me, broke the kiss and moving his head downwards took the nipple in his mouth and began to tease it with nibbles, licks, bites, and sucks.

I thought I was going to combust, right there and then on the bonnet of the car, I could feel the promise in his hard cock, restrained still in his jeans against me as the teasing continued.

As he teased at my nipple, he released the other breast, and began to tease it also with his fingers, then gave it the full attention with his mouth it was waiting for.

The warm breeze blew over my exposed flesh, and tingled at where wet skin was exposed around my nipple. There was silence, apart from the breeze in the trees and some birds twittering.

Noises escaped from me, moans, groans and gasps of breath at the sensation of the whole scene.

I reached down, and ran my hand firmly up his thigh until it met the shaft of his hard cock as it strained in the surrounding denim. I let my arm slip around him to get a good grip on his well toned bum cheeks.

He kissed me again, letting his hands give all the attention to my exposed erect nipples, rolling them between finger and thumb, I was laying on the bonnet, with gasps getting shorter, him leaning on me, so I could feel his restrained cock on the inside on my thigh. What I really wanted to do was get my hands on it, unzip him, feel it rage in my hand, but I was still scared he might stop what was happening, I wanted him to take the lead.

As the kiss continued, I tried to sit up, pushing him upwards while I kissed him, biting his lip in short nibbles. Once up, I broke the kiss and rolled over so I was bent over the bonnet of the car.

I swung my hair and head around to stare him in the eye, sucked on a finger while holding his stare, suggestively, my hair hanging down, all around. I moved one leg a step or two to the side, tilting my pelvis and my bum up in the air.

With my finger still in my mouth and a palm stretched across the bonnet for support, still looking him right in the eye, I said "Come on then, you know you really want to."

I saw him smile, showing no teeth this time, just a wicked grin almost, shaking his head in disbelief. I turned my head to the windscreen where I saw his reflection, and rocked from foot to foot wiggling my bum up in the air like a red rag to a bull.

I moved my elbows close together under my chest, and raised my bum even higher in the air to meet his hands.

I felt the firm grip of a hand on each bum cheek and he massaged them firmly, in circular motions, moving my school skirt in the process against my bare skin. The circular massage motions gave way to firm upward movements, each time his hands starting the motion from a lower point, as if he were daring himself to go under and let himself touch the bare skin.

Eventually he did it, his hands on my bare skin of my arse, massaging, circular, upwards; taking the skirt with him as he moved until bum was completely exposed showing the black lace G string I had on with it.

The whole situation was electrifying! My gasps and pants grew deeper and shorter. There was a dull deep heat pulsing between my legs as felt my pussy get wetter. One hand slid inside my thighs, catching a touch of the heat and moisture in the gusset of the G string, while the other held onto my hip under a firm grip.

As he continued to familiarise himself with the heat and the moisture between my thighs he leaned over me, closer, whispering in my ear as I felt the hand on my hip be removed and heard the sound of zip being undone...

"You are really just something else."

I replied as seductively as I could,

"I know, I am such a dirty girl."

As I finished those words, I felt his fingers slip inside me. Out, in, out, in. Exploring. Out again, exploring my clitoris with my own wetness, teasing me, in again, exploring again. His thumb massaged my clitoris as his fingers were inside of me. I could hear how wet I was in between the beating heart in my ears and the birds evening song, and then I felt my G String being moved aside as he removed his fingers for the last time, and then there was the sensation of the cold wet trail as he wiped the wet fingers along my bum cheek. 

Within seconds I felt the soft flesh of the head of his raging hot cock press at my drenched pussy, where only moments before it was restrained inside his jeans.

He eased in slowly, pushing the hot creamy walls of my pussy apart, filling me up, until I felt his balls press up against me and his cock was completely covered in a plentiful coating of my creamy delightfulness, which I felt ooze from me, wetting my pussy lips, tingling as the breeze caught the wetness on those lips. 

My exposed breasts were tingling too, with all the arousal, and the breeze on my nipples, coupled with the cold hard metal of the bonnet.

He slowly backed out the length of his shaft, and was in again. He was only the second man to be in this place, and it felt so damn good. I tightened my creamy walls around him, as I did so, he took a sharp intake of breath. He paused, taking it all in, then he began to ride me, gently with his hands firmly on my hips, pulling me into him when he thrust forward, and every time I felt his balls touch my dripping lips, I clenched onto his cock with my tight muscles, while he slid outwards, as if I didn't want it to leave.

The pit of my stomach was resting on the edge of the bonnet, and with every thrust in, I could feel his mass filling me inside.

I tilted my pelvis up and down to match his pace, sneakily watching his expressions on the windscreen reflection. He was loving it, I was loving it. I tried to take in what was happening, I was been ridden over the bonnet of a car by some man twice my age I didn't even know. It occurred to me it was all my doing, I had teased him, lured him into this situation. I was a dangerous dirty bitch and I knew it. With every tilt of my hips to accept and welcome in his throbbing wet cock, I knew I was in control of it all. I wondered if he would share what had happened with my friends Dad?

My pussy was getting hotter I could feel it, and all my muscle clenching around him had forced a lot of pussy cream all over my now engorged lips, all over his balls and my thighs were now wet, and getting cold from the breeze. The sensation of the cold on the wet bits, and my nipples, combined with the rock hard cock riding me to the same rhythm as his breathing was getting to boiling point! 

I let my head relax, flopping forwards, leaned to one side so I could access my breast. I lifted it in one hand and tilted down to suck on my own nipple, he could see what I was doing in the windscreen too before my hair started falling over my face, being forced to fall with my ramming from behind.

I took longer more relaxed deep breaths, feeling a massive heat build up and build up between my thighs. It was such an intense feeling. My gasps grew short, I held my mouth open as I missed a breath, and then that was it. It was amazing, the muscles inside of me gripped onto his cock so hard as I felt him move in and out of me, and the gripping and release continued as I came, hard. I was almost flat on the bonnet, yelping like some injured animal as I was completely consumed by spasms, my body hugging into the car for support. With every thrust of his cock and muscle spasm in me, I felt the cream ooze from me, almost like I was the one who was ejaculating making my lips dribble more than a drip.

He leaned close over me, spooning right over me moving his hands from my hips to my breasts, where he massaged them briefly and rolled my nipples in his fingers again. From my breasts he slid his hands up my chest and held onto my shoulders increasing his pace, ramming me hard, I heard his balls slap off of my sodden lips, he was talking in my ear "You are a naughty naughty madam." His voice was gruff, like a growl, "You are going to make me come you dirty bitch....urgg, you're so fucking wet...you, your so fucking tight, arhh umm you filthy madam, urggg!" He made a deep Ferrell growling noise again and with that he gave his final thrust, ramming his cock as deep as he could in me.

I continued to watch his reflection in the windscreen as I was now spent. I watched his facial expressions become strained like he was in pain, I knew he was going to come very soon. As I felt him come, I felt his strong contractions, it was as if I could feel all the spunk gather in me as my stomach still lay heavy on the bonnet, I could feel his cock repeatedly retching emptying his balls until I felt the tenseness drain from him and him relax.

It only took him a few seconds to regain composure; withdrawing, adjusting my underwear as sodden as everything was, sorting the school skirt and blazer to cover me.

I remained bent over the car, putting my breasts back inside my bra, I changed leg positions, reached in my pocket, removed the lighter and lit the joint that had remained in my hand for the whole duration. I tell you this much, I bloody needed it!

I inhaled deeply, then stood up, turned around to face him.

He stood facing me with a silly boyish sheepish smile. I could tell he felt guilty.

I inhaled again and held the joint between my lips as I did up the buttons of my shirt with my head tilted, one eye closed as so not to get smoke in it as the joint was still resting between my lips... I managed

"You Mr are a very naughty boy!"

I removed the joint from it's resting place and handed it to him as I straightened out of a tilt and waited for a response.

He took the joint and inhaled, making a hissing noise between his teeth as he did so, tilted his own head and responded

"You're telling me! I am practically married...and this is her parents land!"

I took the joint back, and couldn't help but wonder if he was wracked with guilt for the fiancé or for being lured into this situation by a hot young school girl, I wondered if he was wishing he had blown me off when I suggested going for the joint, but I thought after that performance, there was no way he would have missed it for the world!

He had offered the joint back in my direction, I continued

"Ohh well then!" I chuckled "You most definitely are a naughty boy then, you better get me home before anyone sees us here."

So we finished up the joint over some idle chit chat, there was no awkwardness as one might expect, and before long we were back in the car and the city.

He pulled the car in at the bus stop where I would have got off

"Well thanks for the lift...nice meeting you...good luck with the car build!" Then I watched the car drive off and disappear around a corner.
