 "Another Monday morning", he thought as he pulled into his parking spot at the office at 6:30. He walked through the empty lobby and up to the 2nd floor to his desk. 

He dropped his bag at his desk and made his way to the kitchen to get a cup of coffee. She was standing at the sink, rinsing her cup, when he got there. He walked up behind her. 

"Good morning," he said softly standing very close. 

"Good morning," she replied, a little shaky. 

"You're in early," he said. 

"New habit I hope. Nice to have the building to myself for an hour," she said. 

He brushed her arm as he moved to the sink to rinse his coffee cup. She tingled at the touch. He rinsed and dried his cup as she stayed at his side. He turned to face her. 

"Yes, empty building," he said. 

He glanced at the door then looked back at her. His eyes ran down to her lips, her neck and stopped at the gaping neck of her sharp white blouse, taut against her large breasts. 

She was already breathing a little rapidly with excitement. He reached forward and brushed her left breast with the back of his right fingers. He felt and watched the nipple grow hard. 

"We don't have much time," she stated. 

He stepped forward and kissed her- firmly. He felt himself grow thick in his pants at the warmth of her tongue in his mouth. His hand moved from her waist to her hips to the hem of her black skirt. They both glanced at the kitchen door, and gave in. 

The hem of her skirt was around her waist in seconds and he was peeling her panties down her thighs shortly afterwards. 

"Oh my God," she whispered as the dropped to the floor. 

"Hop up on the counter," he said. 

She did. 

In a moment he was kissing her parted thighs and smelling the sweet scent of her arousal. She kept an eye on the door and an ear to the hallway. 

Her legs spread wide and over his shoulders, he quickly moved up and tasted her. Two slow, lingering licks separated her wet fold and her swollen clit emerged. He took it in his mouth and suckled on it gently. Her breathing turned to gasps and small wimpers. 

"Oh fuck," she exclaimed, breathlessly. "Stop stop stop! I'm going to cum already!"

He stopped. He stood up and looked back at the doorway. Before he could think, she had her hands on his pants and undid them. She reached in and took his dripping hard cock in her hand and rocked her hips forward. 

"Fuck me," she commanded. 

He held his hard cock with his fingers, rubbed the head up and down between her wet lips and slipped easily inside her. 

She wrapped her arms around him and buried her face in his neck. She felt every inch of him sliding in and out if her. This would not take long. She saw her legs wrapped around him, her heels laying on the floor along with her panties. It was all too much. She was ready. 

His hands slid down and held her firmly around her naked waist. His pants falling lower behind him with each thrust. 

"I'm going to cum," she whimpered in his ear. 

With that his strokes became longer and deeper. Methodical, almost slipping out of her before sliding forward again. 

The climax arrived. She clenched every muscle against him and shuddered. Then they both heard the click of a door down the hall. 

It was too late. There was no way she could hold back. The heat rushed over her and there was no off switch. Wave after wave of tingles shot through her. He joined her as he erupted inside her. She held him tight against her, holding on for every last pulse of the orgasm, both hers and his. 

Merely 10 seconds later they parted. He scooped her panties and put them in his pocket as she put her skirt back in place. He tucked himself in and did up his pants just moments before the woman walked through the kitchen door. 

"Good morning," she said to them both. 

"Good morning," they both replied. 

She made her coffee and he, his and they left the kitchen. 

"You'll get these back later," he said, tugging at her panties sticking out of his front pocket. 

She just smiled as she watched him walk back towards his desk...