 Chapter 2 By Babeegirl and Lee

Kandy, the lady in red, lay on her bed reviewing the event of her hot fuck with Raymond. She could not believe that innocent looking man could fuck her in that way. Oh god, she loved it and could not enough of him. She pulled up her nightie and spread her legs. She then ran the fingers of her right hand between the folds of her wet pussy. 

She could feel its warmth radiating throughout her whole hand. She pushed her fingers further until she found her swollen tender clit, still covered with their juices. She ran her fingers through the mixed fluids, brought them to her lips, and licked them. Oh, she loved the sweet nectar she continued to lick the sticky fluid from her finger until she had tasted every drop. When satisfied she curled up under the covers and fell asleep dreaming of the next event with him.

The next day, Kandy took a long shower after awakening from her sleep. She had dreamt Raymond took her into a grassy field and was having his way with ever part of her body. He then carried her back into their summer cottage to continue the animalistic passion until they feel asleep to escape the late summer sun.

Kandy went into the shower and turned on the water. The hot jets of water jolted her back to reality as it hit her face and chest. She adjusted to the temperature and returned to her dream. One of her lover's hands started to run up and down her chest. He was paying particular attention to her nipples. He took his fingers and started to tap on her left nipple. It did not respond much until he pinched it. She moaned and arched her back signaling that she really enjoyed feeling his strong hands roving all over the nipple.

Raymond then started to devote more attention to the other nipple. He repeated the actions on it then bent down to swallow her breast. Her breast was larger than his mouth, but he wanted to absorb all of it regardless of how much he could actually swallow. He pulled at her breast then bit the nipple again. The sensation on her nipples turned her pussy into high gear and she was drenched! She could almost feel him in the shower with her doing all these things. 

One of Kandy's hands traveled downward until it found her prominent clit. She spread her legs a bit to give her finger greater accesses. She lifted herself on one leg and she started to rub her digit along it slowly and carefully. As the feelings increased, she began rubbing her clit at a steady pace. While her other hand pinched her nipple harder. 

Kandy loved to fuck in the shower. If only Raymond knew how much she enjoyed being in this position with the water hitting her and stimulating her chest like another set of hands. Faster and harder, she worked her finger around her clit. With little effort, she slid two fingers insider her shaved pussy, while rubbing her clit with one thumb. 

Returning to the scene, she felt her lover's tongue on her pussy. He tasted every ounce of her to ensure that all of her honey entered one place: his mouth. His strong hands pried her legs open more. Fully exposed, he slammed his cock deep and hard inside her pussy. She screamed at him for being so insensitive, but also a part of her enjoyed his roughness. He did not listen to her, right now he just wanted to pound her and shot stream after endless stream of cum deep inside her. 

Lifting her off the bed, he turned her around. She looked back with hungry eyes as Raymond moved at a feverish pitch inside her. Faster and harder, he pounded inside her, like a machine he refused to stop until they reached heaven together. 

Kandy did not hear the phone ringing in the bedroom. She was too busy imagining her lover pounding her without any feeling or wanting to stop. The warm sunshine was nearing its apex, but she did not have anything else today except get ready for this evening. She added another finger inside her as a sharp spasm of pain and pleasure shot through her body. She almost passed out from the sensations. She sat down abruptly in the tub and let the water rain down on her. 

She folded up her fingers into a ball and rubbed her fist around her labia. Oh fuck, she was sopping wet inside and out. She mashed her fist up against her pussy as hard as she could. Her lips separated around her little fist and she pushed it in after she folded in her thumb. At first, it hurt a lot. 

She propped up her legs in a "V" up against the wall to give her pussy easy access to her own fist. She pushed it in further and it started to slip inside her. She took a big breath and then plunged her fist into herself as far as she could. She yelled out as her pussy walls moved around her fist and wrist. 

Kandy closed her eyes memorized within her fantasy. She pictured huge cocks fucking all her holes at one time with other cocks erect and waiting to fuck her. She milked her fist with her vaginal muscles as she pulled it in and out. Her pussy was secreting heavily and she begins to fist fuck herself faster. 

Her moaning increased and she said to herself, "Oh, God, this is good, mmmmmmm . . . Mmmmmmm! I love fist fucking myself!" She kept increasing the speed of her self-fucking. Her lips became frothy from the bubbles of juice seeping out. She fucked herself faster and faster and imagined her fist was a huge cock.

She threw her head back and exclaimed, "Oh my god, fuck me! Fill my pussy with your sperm! I want a baby!" 

She jammed it in as far as she could go and her pussy spasmed around her wrist and she begin to come repeatedly. She reveled in the pain and pleasure and she knew that she would fist fuck herself many more times. 

Kandy slumped down on the bottom of the tub and collapsed in a heap. She was breathing in heaves as her cunt began to stop spasming. Her juices covered her hand up past her wrist. She raised her hand to her mouth and licked it all off. When she was done, she dried herself off and them went in and collapsed on the bed contented for the moment. 

Kandy must have fallen asleep because the phone rang. Quickly getting up she tried to answer it in time but missed the call. She figured that who ever called would return the call if it was important. She decided to get dressed and run some errands before returning to the bar. While on her errands, she looked at countless outfits. She wondered whether Raymond would be home when she got their. If he was, she could surprise him with one of her outfits and a wig.