 And now she waits in the quiet of the room. How was she to know that only a few short years past, she would run into Him in a casual chatroom. And within those few intervening years they would fall in love and make a life together. At first he did not seem to be part of the conversation. Yet she noticed certain traits and patterns that he had. How he hovered at the margins of the conversation and only occasionally tossed in the odd pithy comment or double entendre. Some went unnoticed. Others were so damn funny, or at least they were to her. And yet he was not the same as other men. He did not move into the conversation hard and try to dominate it. Nor did he try to suggest getting to know her better with silly one- liners or even smooth ones for that matter.

At first she took as much notice of him as any other man. Hell, there were enough men around who could give her all the attention she needed. Besides, she enjoyed the conversation with her girlfriends. Sometimes, they were the highlight of her day. She came to find herself looking forward to breaking up her day by popping into the chat room and finding the regular crowd of friends. She loved being a mother, a wife and her own woman. Yet something was missing. And a little distraction was harmless was it not?

But through the weeks she came to enjoy and look forward to another presence within the room. He wasn't obvious. Oh, his timing of showing up there was predictable enough. In fact, it made it easy for her to arrange her time to be there also. And she started to play with him a bit. She responded to his humour; played off his double entendres. And frankly, enjoyed imagining what he was like. Was it an exercise in fantasy she thought? Lord knows how some of the online personas turned out to be completely different when you met the person behind them.

And somewhere along the way, she found herself drawn and challenged. From what she had talked to with her girlfriends, she found that he had not tried to pickup any of them in private messaging. This intrigued her. What was his pattern and motive? Did he simply like to chat with others within the chatroom or was his motivations deeper than that? So, against her own shy nature, she started to lay out subtle comments and innuendos to see if she would respond. She told herself she was simply being playful. But to her surprise, he responded to her hidden innuendos with grey and complex answers full of hidden meanings. Did this mean he wasn't interested? This she could handle. After all, she really wasn't looking for a iaison. Or was she? So time after time she laid out the bait; and found her own self at the end of the hook. Her emotions bounced between frustration and intrigue. 

Yet in that too and fro something happened. She found herself learning from him. He offered her glimpses of him one day only to show her something else completely different the very next. Here was a man who could talk philosophically in one breath and be totally primal in the next in his conversation. Yet he did it a abstract way. Sometimes she found she had no idea of where he was going with what he said until hours after reading it, if at all. She felt as if she were a moon being drawn into a tighter and tighter orbit to a planet. 

Then one day, something unexpected happened. She propositioned him in a offhand manner and to her surprise he accepted. Now she was caught in the trap of her own making. Or was it? Either she said yes, and that was something that she had convinced herself that she had not been looking for, or she pushed down her anxiety and said yes to him. And she made a decision that seemed as natural as breathing. She wanted to meet him. If anything, just to see who and what he was. And if anything came of it, fine. If not, she lost nothing. And in that moment, the first step on the path was set. Little did she realize it would turn out to be a path that would change her life completely.

So only after a few weeks of banter, he suggested that they meet someplace entertaining and neutral. And after some to and froing, it turned out to be a small jazz club fairly close to her house. It took some doing, but she was able to make excuses at home that she was out with girlfriends. She didn't know what exactly to wear, what was proper or what she would be comfortable in. It had been so long since she had been out on a proper date per say. In the end, she decided that casual was best but with a bit of something lacey and slinky underneath. When she arrived, he was already there sitting at a table in the club near the corner.

He didn't spot her at first; he seemed entranced by the Blues that was being played by the local cover band. She used the opportunity to take a close look at him before he noticed her. Lord knows that she could have turned away at that moment and he wouldn't have even noticed. But, she stayed. Why she really didn't know. He was really quite average looks-wise for a man his age: fairly short, brown hair and eyes, bearded, casually dressed also and with a certain presence about him. Some would call him dark and intense, however, the one word that came to her mind in that moment was *confidant*.

So she moved up behind him, weaving through the tables. What she really wanted to see was whether he would recognize her from the one photo he had seen. Of course, surprising him would be entertaining also. But just as she was about to come up behind him, she saw him smile softly in profile and heard his low voice for the first time. Without turning his head, he simply said hello to her by name and asked her to sit down as he pulled the chair out beside him.

At first she just stood there wondering how he knew it was her. Then he turned his head and stood up to her and leaned into her while putting a hand gently on her shoulder and whispered that he loved her perfume. He had remembered an offhand comment that she had made in the room about her perfume and had known it was her simply from that. So, in a bit of mild confusion, she sat down. And as soon as she did, he leaned into her and taking her chin with the tips of two fingers, raised his mouth to hers and kissed her fully yet gently. Then, he just as quickly released her.

The next thing she knew they were talking about everything and anything. This man seemed to know her. And of course, he did. They had been talking off and on for several months. But she never expected a man to listen, to *hear* her. Oh sure, he looked at her and complimented her on her appearance. But, he honestly held a conversation with her. And the time flew. The next thing she knew dinner was over and they were talking future plans over drinks while enjoying the music. The looked at her watch and realized 3 hours had flown by and she had to go home.

He saw the discrete glance at the watch and said he understood and would walk her out to the car. As he opened the door for her, he touched her shoulder and turned her to him again. As he did so, he clasped one hand in his and slipped an envelope in it as his mouth took hers. It was just a brief kiss, but one full of passion. And with a twinkle in his eye, he told her to get back to him. 

A couple of weeks passed and at the time, she hadn't known what to make of the *date*. And lets be honest, that is what it was. At the time she ended up in the parking lot of the restaurant with her hand shaking as she tried to open the envelope after he left in his own vehicle. Inside, she found a piece of paper, with an address, time and date written on it. In addition was as short note that told her it was her choice. She recognized the address as being a quiet B&B fairly convenient to the both of them.

And then it ended up to be two weeks late. It was a difficult choice for her to make about a man who ended up being her husband. But she had made the decision. Afterwards, she had talked to him in the chatroom and had made sure she knew what he expected of her. And she wanted to give to him, had to give to him what he wanted. And after all was said and done, she ended up waiting for him in a romantic B&B waiting for his arrival shaking in anticipation. It could have been from the coolness of the dark room. After all she was wearing her favourite red teddy. There wasn't much to it. She had matching black thigh highs to go with it. She had looked in the mirror and liked what she saw. But, she was still nervous. Would he want her?

And with that thought she reached down to touch herself between her thighs and felt the swollen moistness there already. Bringing her fingers up to her face, she could smell the combined scent of her bubble bath, the light perfume she had sprayed and the essence of *Her*. That moistness had started just from his voice in the phone call, in his simple direct tone instructing her what he expected of her to be ready for him. She looks around and sees that all in place. The mirror that he wanted by the bed is there, so are the pillows and the silk scarves tied to the cherry posters on the headboard. Shivering again in thought, she looks at the night table and sees the single candle she has lit. And most important there lie her favourite toys. Remembering his most important instruction, she pulls down the duvet and lies back on the bed and makes herself comfortable.

Her eyes close as she reaches for one of her toys. It is a special one she has picked up for this moment. One that he suggested, a quite simple one actually. It is a thick rampant rabbit, translucent blue in colour with two bunny *ears* attached and is made out of a jelly that warms to the touch of her hand. Deliberately recalling his voice, she turns on the cock to a slow hum and takes the head in her mouth to lightly lick it, recalling a thought of the first time she would doing the same to him. She imagines his taste and scent, how hard he would feel in her soft warm mouth and how it would grow and throb. And as she dreams, her free hand drops to her breasts and tugs at one nipple lightly before doing the same to the other. Her legs part, feet flat on the bed and she is conscious that her sex is visible from the doorway to the room. And this is how it is to be, how he instructed her it would be so.

Deeper she pushes the cock deeper into her mouth, sucking it in as her tongue starts swirling around the head. Thinking about how she is going to do the same with his hardness to prepare it for what she wants, what she desires. But for now, she wants to get the rabbit wet for she has a better and tighter place it needs to be. With her eyes closed and lips pursed she drops the cockhead down the length of her neck and through her cleavage before teasing her nipple with the head. She feels the vibration against it teasing it into hardness. Then relenting, she drops her magic cock further down her belly circling her belly button playfully before scooting down to the slick smooth bareness of her mons. There she gives into her desire and pushes the head straight down the slickness of her slit before dragging it back up to her clitty.

Her free hand drops fingers slipping down her open needy pussy lips to wet them before she splays them and opens them wide. Looking into the mirror she watches as she pushes the rabbit into herself slowly, her legs flat on the bed, knees up and splayed. Groaning, she drives the cock deeper watching it spread her while she feels it at the same time. How long has it been since she has a cock she wanted and desired? Since she got truly and powerfully fucked? Eyes closed, she thinks of how she is going to take care of that, turns up the vibe on her rabbit and starts to drive it in and out of her. Slowly at first, but faster she drives the jellycock in as she gets used to its thickness. The ears start to tickle her, teasing her clitty with each plunge. She feels so wet, it is streaming out of her, out around the cock with each deep thrust. Her own cream coats her fingers and runs down her legs. In her mind he hears his voice commanding her to do it, to give into the cock to use it as hers. 

Her hips start thrusting in rhythm to the hardness filling her. Unable to help herself the fingers of her free hand go to her mouth wetting them then drop to her clitty. She thinks of him, of him taking her of him driving deep into her and starts to shake, to quake at the feeling within her pussy. She can hear the sucking sound her warm vessel makes on the cock at it sinks within her and she thinks of milking His cock in the same way. Suddenly, her pussy clenches and cums in a series of minicums her hand moving quickly in time on her clitty. Eyes clenched, she turns the vibe to high and hears her own voice in the background of the humming begging him to fuck her harder. And she ....CUMS.......once, twice......hips thrusting, cream dribbling and wetting the sheet. Her eyes open, and focusing she is startled, for at the foot of the bed he stands with a smile on his face and a twinkle in his eyes. He is grinning with a smirk of approval.

He slowly walks around to the head of the bed, his eyes never leaving hers. Smiling gently, he reaches for first one hand then the other, securing them with the silk scarves to the posts of the bed. She smiles in anticipation. His fingers trace the outline of her face, her jaw line and her mouth. Bending, he kisses her softly at first then with increasing intensity. He can taste her on the outline of her mouth. A sigh escapes her lips. Lifting his head, he smiles a knowing smile and again takes his hand and lightly touches her lips, slowly letting his fingers slide down her neck and back up to her lips again. She is aching for him to explore further. He reaches for the final scarf and secures it over her eyes, ensuring she will not be able to see what happens next. Her sense of hearing is heightened due to her sight being taken from her. She hears him quietly step away from the bed and hears the rustling of him disposing himself of his clothing. She waits in anticipation.

She feels his hands once again stroking her throat, moving lower to her rising breasts. Her nipples are hard, how they ache to be touched. His fingers trace the outline of her teddy at her breasts, his finger slides under the strap and slowly lowers it exposing first one breast, then the other. She can feel his hot moist breath on her neck. Flicks of his tongue on her neck elicits soft moans from her lips. Will he kiss her? She tenses, waiting. Finally after what seems forever, his lips touch hers, his tongue traces the outline of her lips, she parts her lips wanting more. He kisses her passionately, intensely, driving the breath from her as his fingers glide over her hard aching nipples. She arches her chest upwards wanting more of his touch.

His mouth releases hers and she can feel his breath as he descends lower towards her waiting nipples. Not so gently he grasps one nipple between his teeth and runs his tongue over it at the same time. She moans, it feels so good. His had reaches for her other breast, massaging, teasing the nipple to full erection. His tongue traces a trail to the other waiting nipple. She arches up further, wanting his tongue, needing his touch. She is so wet, she needs him.

As he looks down on her, he smiles the knowing smile that she has come to expect. Ordinarily he would want to have her mouth on him first, teasing him to full hardness and allowing his balls to fill with the nectar he knows that she wants. However, he sees her wet glistening pussy mouth clenching and contracting from just the touches he has given her so far. Her eyes are sheer lust, her thighs wide-open and trembling. Leaning into kiss her softly, he kneels between her legs while starting down at her. His cock longed to explore this woman's pussy while his mouth wanted to luxuriate in sucking on her erect nipples.

Heatedly, he pushes her hard into the matress and while kneeling between her legs, he feels himself to start trembling with his raging desire. Feverishly, he feels her moist wet cunt as he guides his throbbing cock to her puffy pink labia. They part as he rubs her creamy juices all over his swollen crown. She moans faintly as he gently sucks on one of her wonderfully tight nipples of her soft large breasts Then, the inhales her scent that was similar to fresh milk and while enjoying he warm soft feel of her thighs on the outside of his. She seems so silken and warm to his skin as he presses down on her soft sensuous body. Pulling her prominent nipple teasingly with his teeth, he slides up on her slightly and kisses those luscious lips of hers. She tastes sweet as her tongue meets his through slightly parted lips. He thrusts his tongue past her ripe lips and almost thrusts his stone hard cock past her ripe pussy lips at the same time. 

Forcibly, he restrains his urge to plunge his hard cock into her hot syrupy pussy. For this is just as much for her as for him. He knows what she needs; the sort of man she desires she is giving herself to. Very slowly he begins to caress her now stiff and protruding clitoris with the swollen head of his cock. Lightly up and down, taking his time, he teases her towards her own pleasure. Little shudders started to run through her while her white teeth clenched her red lower lip. He loves to cause that in a woman, giving her the freedom to let loose in front of him. And as he encourages her, she starts to quietly gasp through her plush lips, frustrated yet enticed by his restraint. Placing the slit at the end of his cock over her clit, he begins to lightly massage it with a small circular motion. Soon her hips begin shuddering with a building ecstasy, and her gasping turned into small moans of desire. He feels her trembling with anticipation beneath him as he bends and uses tongue on her sensitive breasts, as she climbs the slope to orgasmic release. Reaching down to her, he releases one of her hands from the silk knot holding it and pulls it down to place on her own clitty. And in a soft tone, commands her to touch herself for him. As he does so, he continues to go slowly, taking his time with her; teasing her with his cock. 

He notices that it doesn't take long for her fingers to start a familiar rhythm on her own clitty teasing into a hard bud as his voice becomes louder and more insistent in encouraging her. Her body begins to shake, scooting and wiggling and at the same time arching up towards him as she seeks to fill her hungry void by impaling herself on his hardness. He smiles again at her, pleased at her losing control, and hungrily kisses her yielding lips, and she mutters something against his devouring mouth and his cock. Breaking the kiss, she looked into his eyes and he sees a desperate need written in hers. 

"Please, please put it in me" she whispers. 

Groaning, he feels her smooth pussy so hot and slippery against the head of his cock and he has to again has to resist the strong urge to immediately push into her sweet, tight warmness. Her whole body starts to shake as he deliberately takes his time and slowly pushes his stiffness into her. Gradually her narrow opening gives into him and he hears her sigh of completion, of relief. The pulsating head of his creamy cock lodged just inside her, the passage eased by his own dripping precum. She is squeezing it so hard that it begins to hurt deliciously as she wiggles to settle into place. It feels so good that his entire universe narrows down to just his cock and her pussy. Her honeyed vessel is giving his cockhead sensations that drives him so close to cumming, that he freezes while fighting to maintain control. He restrains himself for he wants more from her than just a moments pleasure from this woman. Sighing at the sensation, the head of his cock seems to actually swell even larger while it felt like he has a piece of iron for a cock. His balls roll in anticipation in his sack, and the thinks that her tightness has caused him to become numb at the end of his cock! Gradually he relents and moves it in and out, taking the head all the way out before very, very slowly pushing it in again, and savoring the glorious feeling of penetrating her slick hungry tautness. Grunting in satisfaction at the look on her face as she stares up at him, he takes one of her large nipples into his mouth, and again begins to bite and suck the rubbery firmness. Her head tilts back, her moans louder through moist parted lips as she licks them. Unthinkingly, she wraps her long legs around him and he slowly worked another two inches into her, and then again slowly pulled it all back, torturing her with the tease of his length. It doesn't take long just slow-fucking her like that until she is rubbing her clitty in harmony to his cocks thrusting in and out. 
