 Louise is my girl through and through. She is intelligent, considerate and very, very loving. Meeting her at the local gym we simply just got on from the word go... I felt comfortable and right with her and I knew then this girl was for me big time.

If you have ever been attracted to another you will know what chemical attraction means. That is precisely how I felt for Louise and. chatting to her and sharing her wicked sense of humour, we were soon laughing together and we just got on leaps and bounds.

When the session was done I asked Louise when she would be attending the gym again. As if by providence she said tomorrow. And that was the next time I would be attending too. She smiled happily when I told her, she has beautiful deep set brownish eyes and a very clear expression, and it was the sort of quiff in her hair, dangling down in the middle of her forehead, that attracted me too.

For a 38 year old she looked more like 30 and with my being in my early forties, there is not much distance apart.

I couldn't wait to see her again. I just felt there was something about her, not just the sexual attraction but the person too; I simply felt she was for me. I was hoping upon hope she would feel the same about me, although it was early days.

But I felt myself stirring and wondered why I had not seen her in the gym before.

"I only joined last week" she replied when I asked her.

"What do you think of it then?" I asked. "You don't look as if you need a work out, you have a beautiful body which is a credit to you," I continued putting on the charm.

"I just aim to keep myself fit, I am nearing forty now and don't want to get like others at my age."

"I would never have thought you are that age" I told her. "I have noticed, unlike many women, you don't mind announcing how old you are."

"That is the sort of person I am" she quipped. Take it or leave it that's me."

Then quite without thinking I said something that really started the ball rolling; "I would rather take it" I said quickly, surprising myself, realising what I said could be taken the wrong way.

Louise smiled - her eyes glowing and I felt a sort of warmness radiating through.

"Can I date you tonight" I asked counting on the smile was prompting me.

"I would like that, erm?"

"My name is Colin Firth "I told her.

"Mine is Louise Dixon," she smiled.

Hello Louise, pleased to make your acquaintance

"Hello Colin" she returned delightfully and already it seemed her presence was electrifying.

We soon got talking during our date and I happily treated her to a pub restaurant dinner which, when finished she said she would have to put extra jogging hours in to sweat it off...

"There are other ways of sweating it off" I quipped and I was at it again, saying things that surprised me but she took it all so sweetly and when she asked me what was that I decided to be like she obviously was, open and honest and down to earth..

"Well I have heard it said that 'sexercise' is a good stimulant for keeping fit. So long as one doesn't overdo it." I said carefully.

Then I realised just what a tease she was; "But I don't have anyone to 'sexercise; with" she said glumly and I don't know why I said it but I did, and now I am glad I did...

"I am free" I offered. 

At that point she said nothing, she didn't have to. Her expression said everything, and also the tease of her toe over my ankle beneath the dining table.

I showed her I was interested by simply closing my eyes and murmuring my joyful response...

In a moment we were up and off and tipping the waiter I settled the bill and escorted the lovely gorgeous Louise to my car.

"And where, Colin Firth, do you propose to take me now?" she said with a really teasing and mischievous grin. She knew what it was all about sure enough when I replied; "My Place?"

"That'll be nice, Colin I would like that. You have the same name as a favourite movie star of mine "she said as I watched her get into the passenger seat beside me, revealing more thigh than I had seen to date. She caught my eyes looking down at her there and her smile seemed to ferment my masculinity, feeling a warm and very wonderful throb in my groin and I knew than I just had to have her.

"I said I was aware of that I share the name with someone famous, but I am not so good looking."

"You are to me Colin. Don't put yourself down, surely other women have told you that."

That led to a long discussion about past acquaintances, that she was divorced from this guy she called a dick -head and I had suffered a rather hard dumping from a girl who was my world, until she decided to drop me for a black guy, and then on top of that, telling me she had been cheating on me for a month and Charlie, her new guy, was so much better in bed than I was.

"That was so cruel "Louise whispered. "Well I would say it was her loss and your gain. Mind you" she continued with a wry grin, "I haven't been to bed with you yet so maybe she may have a point?"

I replied saying it was more like his money. He had just won thousands on a lottery win! Then, realising what she had said I quickly asked was she by any chance hinting that I could bed her?

"Hey you have got to earn your prize first" she teased.

I knew then this was going to be part of what Louise was all about, the big tease.

"And how, may I ask, do I achieve that?" I asked having returned to my place; prompting her to relax on the settee.

"First things first. A glass of wine wouldn't go amiss. And anyway you may not be aware of it but there is very formidable girl called Minxy lurking in this area.

"There aint nobody here but us" I assured, unless you are talking spiritually.

"No I am not. I was talking more the girl who is part of me. The part that may come out when least expected, according to how the earth rumbles."

"Minxy, when the earth rumbles, what are you talking about Louise?"

For a guy who writes for a film Production Company, like you told me, you are so very naive" Louise observed. "But perhaps that is why I like you, let's put it all down to my fantasies, we are all entitled to have those aren't we?"

"Of course" I stuttered awkwardly - still trying to work out what she meant. "I have had a few of those too?"

"Such as?" she asked.

"Could I tell her?" The way she was looking at me I knew I had too, the soup was stirred and that was Louise. The woman I felt I knew from old, like we had met somewhere before, but who was Minxy - had I known her before?"

I put it to Louise, how I fantasized about sensual girls in underwear, and how I had often pleased' myself like that.

"Whether or not you meet Minxy depends on how you behave and maybe how you perform, Colin. And I feel sure you have several more fantasies you can share with me."

My lust was growing for this so very open and frank girl I felt I was already besotted with. There she was, perched on the sofa in such a delightfully sexual way, her sex appeal enhanced with glimpses of her underwear beneath her black skirt which was now riding well above her knees And the sight of those thighs accentuated by dark coffee cultured stockings were frantically tantalizing my libido.

Now I was thinking guy thoughts, what a gorgeous fuck she would make, how I wanted to get into her skirt and simply ravish her with everything my body could achieve. And that but, so round and tight and fuckable, I wonder if she does anal?

I am sure she knew what was happening inside my chinos. Just the flutter of an eye as she sat there on the sofa, me standing like a lemon before her said she had noticed the bundle in my pants grow.

Patting the seat beside her she prompted me to sit beside her. The thing is I was still bloody shy. I was thirty five years old and this very attractive girl beside me was a couple of years solder I assumed. Exited and very taken in by her charms, I tried to chill,

Louise soon sussed me out, She could see I was shy and whispered that was another thing she found enormously appealing about me when, by now another guy would be all hands and sex, But she wanted the whole caboose, not just the sex although that would be very nice, especially if Minxy appeared. That's what she said, mentioning Minxy again.

Who the hell was Minxy and was she suggesting a threesome? Wow! I had never thought of that. The mind boggled. Surely not? She'd already strongly hinted she was a one guy at a time act when it came to 'sexercise.'

But no matter, my shyness was soon overcome when beautiful Louise kissed me on the lips. A kiss which would set me afire, and take away all my inhibitions and shyness. She kisses beautifully. She takes my breath away. The lingering and the touch of her tongue on mine - her fingers gently stroking the back of my head.

And she just adores sucking cock; she is magnificent and knows best how to satisfy a guy with the intensive movements of her jaw in conjunction with her mouth. I was soon to discover her skills in this mode. I am a good seven inches but Louise still had no problem taking in the full length and thoroughly enjoying it too, cleverly releasing at an appropriate time to take in a deep breath and then it is tight into her throat again for another deep and very satisfying sensual mouth fuck.

The feeling is so intense and electrifying, and I am looking down at her gently bobbing head and see she is so enjoying it. She treats it with care one movement, her teasing tongue working its p-hole sublimely. She so loves it. It is so very sensually and perfect with Louise. She bends it, rolls it in her palms, runs teasing fingers along its length and up again as her mode changes and she takes me roughly, moving my cock in her moth, her cheeks bulging. She tells me she wants my spurt. She knows when it is near and stops her sucking for just a moment to hold back and watch me cum so strong. The feeling is absolute and heaven and her squeezing too. Oozing my balls dry with each manipulation of her fingers like she is milking a cow! There can be no other woman in the world does it like Louise does it.

My instinct tells me I want to fuck her now, but my better judgment says to take it easy and enjoy all she has to offer. And that is plenty. Already my roving fingers were finding her femininity. So warm and tender, and as I gently massage her clit and circle her circumference I felt it become wet, and that, combined with her throat sounds, said that she wanted more. I was again in my element like she was too, cock sucking and massaging my balls, her fingers grasping the base of my cock and mine probing deeper and deeper into her. This girl loved her cock and no mistake, her eagerness was so real as she stretched me back and licked me To have your girl suck your cock was something only a girl could do to satisfaction, and she had no qualms about sucking me until I cum. 

Then I wanted oral with her, we both arranged ourselves so we could both enjoy each other simultaneously and the feeling was out of this world. I felt I could have eaten her up there and then, the taste was honey in my estimations, the feel was fantastic as I rolled my tongue deeply around inside her quinny. I felt between her tight buttocks and felt the moist snug warmth radiate through - I massaged her anal region to see if she wanted that, her reaction was positive enough and soon I would have the very best of three worlds, her gorgeo0us wet quinny, her mouth and her ass. I was in my element and I felt my cock rise higher, wanting her fuck through and through.

It was heaven on earth and we had only just started sharing our intense passion.

She grunted a little as I started to fuck her on all fours, grasping those gorgeous buttocks as I began to ram into her. With just a little moisture from her quinny and a little more of my mouth, she was ready for it and I can't begin to explain the exquisite feeling when I took her ass, feeling her rectal massage as I slowly fucked her, Beautiful, wonderful and I would be wanting a lot more of that. She had a sensational tight ass that cried out for it, the shape, the curves, in fact everything. She took it so naturally and enjoyed it as much did I, Asking for more of the same when I slipped out.

She talked about the new sensation form Japan, the magic egg. A small set of plastic eggs, pushed neatly into the vagina with a remote control handset operating a gentle purring vibrating inside. She said it could be self-used or better still by one's partner which could thrill his girl when least she expected and in so many delightful ways, a great way to provoke a new and sensual sexual encounter.

Louise enjoyed spurring me on in her scanty little things and panties with bra to match. Under that tight short skirt in which she looked so compact and good in.

Her ones-self had become the Minxy inside her, and it was Minxy who delivered the full works, taking me in all the wonderful positions to create a most wonderful fuck each time.

And with all the thrill and joys of all that, I grew to love the woman. I became besotted with Louise and she with me.

Sometimes Minxy wanted to be all quinny for me, indulging me in the most sensual smothering, sitting on me and maneuvering her warm wet quinny over my face, massaging my cock at the same time. And sometimes, with her black skirt and stockings on so she could delight me beneath her skirt, allowing me to sniff her and lick her and taste her honey again.

It is truly what Minxy can do in the heat of her passion, and that is how I like her best.

When she is all Minxed up...