 The first two parts of this tale told the story of Muriel, a late forties lady who lived in an apartment above a convenience store in a small town. She was married to a traveling salesman who was on the road a lot more than he was home. Muriel was dreary and lonely and made little effort to improve her lot in life.

Stan and Judy, a couple of her age who lived across the hall from her, along with their 19 year old daughter Lori, provided what little social contact she had. Lori had a steady boyfriend named Jim. The two of them went out almost every evening and said their 'good nights' in the hallway outside Muriel's apartment on their return.

Muriel spent many evenings with her ear pressed against the wall listening to them making out. Her imagination filled those quiet intervals when the only sound from the two of them was low groans, the rustling of clothes and sounds of sucking. Her interest in sex was rekindled thanks to the young couple.

The boyfriend graduated from the local college and found work some distance away, returning most weekends to be with Lori. He arrived one Friday evening to find that his girl and her parents had left for the weekend. Muriel invited him in to commiserate and after a few beers she asked him to stay for dinner. The dinner invitation turned into a night in bed together with Jim providing more sex in one night than what Muriel had enjoyed in years. 

Part 2 of the story detailed a second meeting between Muriel and Jim following his break-up with Lori. Muriel had been surprised to receive a phone call from Jim one evening. They became aroused as they relived that erotic night together. It was agreed that they would meet again with Muriel travelling by bus to spend a weekend in Jim's apartment.

The meeting was all that they had hoped and the sex rose to another level, intense and satisfying. In the weeks that followed the assignation, Muriel would giggle to herself that he 'had screwed the ass off of me.' She loved the memory, she felt alive and desired once more. She began to look after herself, dressing smartly and using subdued makeup to celebrate her rebirth. Her friends commented on her more outgoing appearance and demeanor. 

Muriel accepted every invitation to travel to meet Jim as their sexual relationship continued unabated. He offered to drive down to meet her in a motel near her town. But she preferred to bus up to meet him in his apartment. It had become more than just sex to Muriel. It was very romantic. Jim treated her like a true lover, taking her out to fine restaurants, joining her to shop for lingerie and exploring the city hand in hand.

Muriel knew that it could not last but did not overthink it. The invitations gradually slowed and dried up, as Jim apparently entered a serious relationship with a woman more his age. He admitted as much when he called to explain his decision to break off the affair. 

But Muriel's life had been renewed. She spent more time on herself and ventured out daily into the public. She made eye contact with others, she enjoyed and responded to the attention of men, some of whom she knew and others not. She was confident in herself and her appearance. 

Her husband was away on business more and more often. When he was at home he did not appear to notice her improved appearance and outlook on life. Muriel's attempts at seduction did not appear to motivate him to make love to her. He was not unkind in any way; he just did not appear to care.

Her thoughts turned to a man that had sat beside her on her first bus trip to visit Jim. He had been on his way to pick up a new car in the same city as Jim now lived. He had made no effort to disguise his interest in Muriel. During conversation she had indicated that she had never had the opportunity to spend time on a lake. There had been nothing overt in his approach except a suggestion that he would very much like to show her his own cottage and offered her an invitation to do so. Bill had given her his phone number before parting ways, and despite seeing her walk off with her young stud on their arrival at the bus station, had indicated by hand signal that he still wanted her to call.

Muriel had been intrigued at the time, but soon lost interest as young Jim had claimed all of her attention with his intense sexual drive. 

With Jim out of her life, Muriel made the call to Bill. "Hello Bill?" she jabbered nervously, "this is Muriel from the bus. Do you recall our meeting?"

There was a pause before Bill replied "Yes of course, I do recall 'Muriel from the bus'. I've thought of little except you since we met that time. How are you? I hope you are calling about my invitation to visit my cottage, which is still wide open by the way."

Muriel responded, "I have been thinking of you as well. We seemed to be comfortable with each other, but I wanted to find a way to get to know you a little better before accepting."

Bill sounded pleased as he continued, "I didn't want to rush things but had no alternative on the bus, I knew it was then or never so I had to ask you directly. If we could meet for dinner sometime soon you could decide whether you would join me or not. I'll drive down and pick you up; it's only a few hours away and we could find a restaurant nearby."

Muriel was excited; she had quite liked this man, a big powerful guy with massive chest and strong arms and hands. She had thought about him several times and had fantasized about him between her legs, fondling and kissing her. "Okay, meeting for dinner would be a nice. But I would prefer to take a bus up some afternoon, have dinner with you, and return home that evening."

So it was agreed. If things turned out well at the dinner, Muriel knew that she would most likely spend the night with him at a motel. She missed the intense sex with her young lover and was desperate for something to replace it. 

Bill called her every evening after that first call and their conversations became increasingly intimate. He sensed that she was open to suggestive talk. He was very articulate and could move the conversation to thoughts of sex without apparent effort. Muriel was soon touching herself while he talked. He asked about the color of her bra and panties, were her nipples sensitive, each comment or question moving Muriel to the next level of arousal. Muriel easily joined in the chat, "oh no, no panties, my nipples are hard, touching myself,' and so on. Muriel soon decided to commit to the cottage stay on her first trip, discarding the need for the introductory dinner.

But Muriel had another erotic issue evolving, and right in her own apartment building. Her neighbors across the hall had provided her only semblance of normal life for several years. Stan and Judy had almost become a brother and sister to her.

But now, her friends were going through a difficult period in their relationship. Judy was menopausal and they were not dealing with it very well. It was a phase in life that Judy expected to clear up with time but in the meantime their sex life had virtually dried up. Despite the many years of fidelity, Stan was looking at other women for a source of sexual relief. His thoughts soon focused on Muriel, the lady across the hall. 

There was already a level of affection between them and they were on the same wavelength in most matters. Muriel's appearance had improved and yes, an aura of sexuality seemed to have developed around her recently. Stan's eyes lingered longer on her when they met with each touch sending warm signals to his loins.

In return, Muriel's re-born sexual radar told her that Stan's thoughts of her were no longer solely of the brotherly sort. Judy had made her aware of the difficulties the couple was encountering. That explained the soft hungry look on Stan's face each time he and Muriel were alone. She recognized that Stan was thinking about getting in her panties.

Despite her friendship with Judy, Muriel began to fantasize about bedding Stan. It was partly compassion for a friend who appeared desperate for sex combined with a normal reaction to a man who obviously desired her. Despite all of that, she had no intention of screwing him.

Judy had regular meetings with her ladies club, usually occurring in the evening after dinner. Stan and Muriel had occasionally got together for beer and conversation while Judy was out. They were both well-read and followed national and world events religiously. They had enjoyed these evenings together while the sex God had never previously intruded on their meetings.

And so it was that Stan came knocking on Muriel's door just a few days before she was to spend the weekend with Bill at his lakeside cottage. Muriel had settled in after dinner, showered and pulled on a light flannel tracksuit intending to watch some TV and hope for another call from Bill. During their last chat, he had sweet-talked her into getting off. She was hoping for more tonight.

She was a little surprised to see Stan in the doorway clutching a six-pack of beer with a forlorn and pitiable look on his face. He said, "Judy's out with her ladies tonight, are you good for a beer and conversation?"

Muriel, her loins already warmed up with thoughts of Bill, smiled softly at him and said, "Beer and conversation is it? Are you sure that is all that is on your mind?" She was being a little cruel while making it sound like an invitation. She stepped to one side providing just enough room for Stan to slide into the apartment. He paused at the feel of her body on his and she leaned in and kissed his cheek.

Stan quickly set the beer on a counter and turned to Muriel as she stood provocatively with her back against the closed door. He moved haltingly towards her, hoping against hope that he was reading her correctly. It was apparent that she was naked under the thin flannel tracksuit, her hard nipples made little points in the cloth. Her hip was thrust to one side with no hint of panties visible through the stretched material. 

Muriel had decided in the flash of one second to ignore her own promise to not make out with her neighbor. It would be fast and furious and over before Judy's return and Bill's phone call. 

She held out her arms as Stan closed on her, enjoying the feel of his hot hands grasping her hips as he jammed his body tight against hers. Their mouths meshed; lips parted and tongues intertwined as they hungrily sought pleasure. Stan slipped his hands up under her top to grasp and caress her bare tits. He rubbed his hard cock against her mound, belly and hips. 

They stripped each other with shaking hands, strewing their clothes around them on the floor. They thrilled at the feel of their naked bodies meshing together for the first time. Stan carried Muriel to the sofa and sat her down. She settled with her back cushioned in the corner between the sofa arm and backrest. Muriel reached down to find Stan's hard cock as Stan stood half crouched between her spread legs. He kissed and sucked her lips and nipples, both now consumed with passion and desire. His cock felt huge in her hand, her fingers unable to completely circle the shaft. She closed her eyes and rubbed the engorged knob in her slit lips.

Stan pushed his knob into her pussy and began a series of short jabs, working his cock down her still tight tunnel. Muriel had the sensation of a loaf of French bread being stuffed into her. He was desperate and ignored her moans as she attempted to adjust to the entry of his swollen pulsing shaft. Soon he was totally buried in her and as she adjusted to him, he began to stroke her at a faster and faster clip. He pulled back up, grasping her hips and thighs to hold her still as he fucked her, finally erupting while buried deep in her. His cock popped out, spurting a burst of cream up her belly and tits. Muriel grasped it and shoved it back in to allow her pussy to gain more pleasure before evicting his softening shaft.

Stan crumpled to the floor on his knees, his face buried in Muriel's belly. He moaned, "Sorry baby, I needed that so much, I couldn't stop myself." Muriel caressed his head, holding him tight against her belly. 

"It's okay Stan, I knew that you needed some. I enjoyed it, not to worry." But Muriel's pussy was still burning and she needed to get off. As if in response to her thoughts, Stan slipped two fingers into her and began to finger-fuck her. Muriel responded by twisting and turning and thrusting against his buried digits. Stan suddenly dove down between her legs and began to lick and suck her pussy while his fingers continued to thrust in and out. Muriel's hips suddenly exploded upwards, lifting Stan's head as she pulled it tight against her creamy slit.

"My God," she cried, "that was different! I've never had it like that before. That was great Stan, thank you."

Stan was pleased with himself, although it had been a spur of the moment move on his part. He lifted off of Muriel and stood looking down at her still jammed into the corner of the sofa. "God you have a beautiful body, shower with me?" he pleaded.

Muriel paused with a smile, "This is the end you know Stan, a one time fling, never again. You should shower at home, not here. Judy will smell different soap on you. But I do think that I would enjoy scrubbing you down." This last part said as she gazed at his swollen cock. God it was big and she had the urge to view it at full growth.

And view it she did, close up and personal, providing a nice partial blowjob in the shower before Stan fucked her again sitting on the bathroom vanity top. It was all much more relaxed and satisfying as they squirmed away, Muriel leaning back on her arms, Stan stroking her deliberately while holding her hips as their eyes watched the other's reactions to the intense pleasure. As they clutched together with his cock still in her Muriel warned him, "Take another shower when you get back home."

A half hour later, she was chatting with Bill. She felt like a delicious slut with the smell of one man on her and the continuing seduction by another. She crossed her legs, squeezing her pussy in a surge of satisfaction.

Bill met her at the bus stop. He kissed her gently as he grabbed her overnight bag, guiding her to his car, his hand caressing the small of her back. They leaned towards each other for a more intimate kiss. "I have dreamed of that kiss for months Muriel, something clicked with me the first moment I saw you, and I knew that I wanted more of you."

Muriel settled back in her seat, trying to disguise the unexpected emotion that surged through her body following his greeting. This was deeper than the feelings she had felt screwing her young lover Jim, or her neighbor Stan. 

However, to Bill, this just was another in a long line of seductions. He loved sex with women. His choices were based on their reaction towards him more than physical appearance. If they wanted him, he wanted them. And Muriel had displayed that hunger in her eyes on their first meeting, and nothing that he saw now changed his desire for her. He was drawn to this particular woman and was totally focused on the conquest.

His cottage was on a large lake and accessible only by boat. Bill parked his car at a marina and grabbing Muriel's overnight bag they walked out to the dock to board an elegant traditional wood cabin cruiser. He said, "I was down earlier today with supplies for the weekend and to clean up a bit."

The run down to the cottage took about twenty minutes on calm waters. They entered a small bay enclosed between two rocky points with a beach and one cottage located at the bottom of the bay. A few small outbuildings completed the resort. Bill eased the boat into a slip alongside a dock and boathouse and tied off.

He helped Muriel out of the boat and said, "All of the land that you see in this bay is mine. Isn't it beautiful? I always feel that I am in my own world while here. I have my own power, water supply, satellite phone and television. See my sauna off to the end of the beach? I can hardly wait to share it with you tonight before we dive into the lake in the dark." She reached up to kiss him.

"I have dreamed of being alone with you since I saw you on the bus. If this is not heaven I don't know what is," he whispered in her ear. 

Muriel was once again shaken by his raw emotion. If his demeanor had not been so calm and protective she may have been frightened by his intensity. His entire focus was on her, despite it literally being their first meeting. But, what the hell, she was here for better or worse and was determined to mine it for all the pleasure that she could find.

A steep wooded hill rose up from the beach with the cottage built some distance above the water. A verandah deck was spread out along the full width of the building, equipped with lounge chairs, table and barbeque and providing a sweeping vista of the entire bay.

Bill guided Muriel into the cottage and directed her to a bedroom. "This will be yours, you can set up in here. It has an ensuite bathroom and shower. I don't want to push you in any way, so take some time and settle in. I will be down on the dock in my bathing suit with a bottle of wine when you are ready to join me." He kissed her softly and left her alone.

Muriel was a little uncertain; she had expected Bill to make a move on her as soon as they arrived. In fact she had been counting on it. No doubt he was attempting to assure her that whatever happened would be in her control. She smiled to herself, 'if he only knew what I was hoping for.' 

She settled in, hung her few extra clothes in a closet, set up her toiletries in the bathroom, and hesitated before changing into a bikini. This was the most difficult time for her, preparing to show her body to anyone, let alone a potential lover. Despite her growing self-confidence she had no illusions about her lack of physical beauty, with her wide bony shoulders and hips, thigh gap, small breasts and stringy legs and arms. But so far, the men in her life had acted as if she was the most beautiful woman in the world! She gave herself a once over in the mirror, shrugged a 'what the hell' and headed out to join her new lover.

Bill was on the dock sitting under a sun umbrella. There was an open bottle of red wine with glasses sitting on the table in front of him. He rose as she strolled self-consciously down the dock to join him. Muriel relaxed as she recognized the hungry look that told her that her concerns about her personal beauty were groundless. Her loins weakened as she drank in his powerful thick body. She burned to have him on her and in her. She slipped easily into his arms for a kiss. She loved the feel of his body as she rubbed against him. Bill in turn sensed her surrender to his wishes.

They sat, sipping their wine, Bill describing the surroundings and the feelings he had of being here with her in his favorite place on earth. She held his hand, her eyes glued on his and her unspoken need to make love with him clearly showed in her face and body. The bottle of wine was almost empty when she leaned to him, kissed him softly and whispered, "I'm ready for you Bill."

Bill leaned towards her and slipped a big hand inside the cup of her bikini. He tugged the nipple out and rolled it between his fingers, bending down to lick the very tip of the nipple. He repeated with the other one before replacing them back in their cups. "There," he grinned, "had to do that, been dreaming of it."

Bill stood and reached his hand out for hers and replied, "Best do this in full comfort on a bed," he smiled. Muriel would have screwed him right there on the dock, but followed him willingly as they made their way off the dock and up the hill to the cottage. Bill's hand slipped in under the back of her bikini to caress her cheeks as they stopped momentarily for a kiss. Muriel begged, "Those hands will make me come Bill, let's hurry."
