 The door of Apartment #1 practically flew open seconds after I had knocked on it. A very pretty, but very angry young lady stood in the doorway, clad only in a purple baby doll chemise.

"So you came back, huh? Well it's too late now!" she said through gritted teeth. Then, she saw me in the glare of the porch light, and her look and voice softened. 

"I'm so sorry," she said with a slight quiver in her voice. "I thought you were someone else."

"I'm sorry to bother you," I said, a little embarrassed. "I was looking for the manager's apartment, and I thought this might be it, being #1 and all."

"It's OK, a lot of people make that mistake," she sighed, relaxing a little. She was quite stunning, about five-foot six, mid to late twenties, with long sandy brown hair and a pleasingly proportioned figure which was quite adequately shown off by the sexy, satin chemise she was wearing. It was a light purple, with black lace trim around the low, revealing neckline and hemline that came down to her upper thigh, with a slit on the side that ran up to her waist. She seemed to not have any problem standing there in front of me dressed like that, and I certainly didn't have a problem with it. 

"There is no on-site manager here, unfortunately," she continued. "If you're here about the place for rent, you have to call the number on the 'Emergency Contact' sign out front."

"Yeah, I saw the 'For Rent' sign on the front lawn as I was driving by," I said. " I have a friend moving out here shortly from Minnesota. Thought I'd scout it out for him."

"The landlord here is harder to get a hold of than the pope," she said. "The best thing to do is to try to call that number, and good luck."

"OK, I'll do that," I said, trying very unsuccessfully not to ogle her. "I'm really sorry I bothered you."

I started to walk away toward my car when I heard her ask, "Have you had dinner yet?"

"No, actually, I just got off work and was heading home."

I turned around and looked at her, and she looked back at me and held the door open wider. "Would you like to come in and have a nice, fancy home-cooked dinner that would otherwise go to waste?"

Not one to turn down an invitation to a free meal, I said, "Sure, that would be nice" before I could stop myself. I didn't know this woman at all, but something about her intrigued me. 

"Come on in, then," she said. "I'm Dianna, by the way."

"Hank is good, that's what all my friends call me."

"OK, Hank it is then. Nice to meet you."

I walked into her apartment and was overcome by the aroma of something that smelled absolutely delicious. She shut the door behind us and, taking my hand, led me into the spacious living room. We sat down together on her overstuffed leather sofa, with her still holding my hand. One of the spaghetti straps of her chemise slipped off her shoulder, showing more of an already fairly exposed breast, but she ignored it and let it stay where it was. She looked deeply into my eyes.

"Hank, this was supposed to be a special night for me," she said softly, "but the man in question...shall we say...let me down."

"I'm sorry," I said lamely.

"Is that all you can say?" she asked softly, almost as if she were prompting me.

Before I knew what I was doing, I blurted out, "I could try to make it special for you, that is, if you'll let me, I mean, if you don't mind that I...."

"Shhh, hush now," she said quietly, putting her finger to my lips. "You said the right thing, you don't need to say any more."

She stood up and took my hand, coaxing me off the couch, and said, "I'll finish getting everything ready. You go in the bathroom and take a shower. Everything you need is in there, including something for you to wear. You can just fold up your clothes and leave them on top of the hamper."

"OK," I said, heading for the bathroom, wondering to myself if I had lost my mind. What was I doing? I had no idea who this woman was or if she was some kind of lunatic or homicidal maniac, yet here I was going into her bathroom and showering, then putting on a very expensive looking man's silk robe, the same color as her chemise. I hoped to the powers above that I wasn't making a big, crazy mistake as I came out of the bathroom and entered the dining area.

"You look very nice," she said, smiling at me. "Go ahead and sit down, Hank, make yourself comfortable."

I sat at the small candlelit table and proceeded to feast on one of the best home-made dinners I had ever eaten, with vegetable soup, Caesar salad, a killer beef stroganoff, and mandarin orange cheesecake for dessert, with plenty of good wine to wash it down with. We made small talk as we ate, and I became more and more taken with her beauty and her personality, which was warm, open and friendly.

When we finished dinner, she invited me back into the living room, bringing with her a freshly chilled bottle of champagne and a couple of glasses. We sat on the sofa again, and she gave me the bottle to open, which I did, then filled our glasses.

"To new friendships and new adventures," she said, raising her glass to mine.

"I'll second that," I said, clinking her glass and taking a sip.

Diana took my glass and set it down on the coffee table next to hers, then took both my hands in hers as she sat on the couch, facing me. The spaghetti straps of her revealing chemise were slipping down again, and again she took no notice.

"Hank, I guess you know what comes next. I just want you to know, you don't really have to if you don't want to. I mean, I've had a lovely time even without..."

It was my turn to shush her. I took her into my arms, and kissed her gently, firmly on the lips. I felt her relax in my arms, and open up to me as she returned my kiss. I held her tightly and kissed her with more fervor, felt her mouth open to mine, and her tongue slipping into my mouth. 

She leaned back on the sofa as I continued to kiss her, my right hand caressing her breasts through the thin satin, feeling her hardened nipples. Her spaghetti straps fell further until her tits were fully exposed, and I kneaded and fondled them as I kissed her with increasing desire and urgency. I felt her hands untying the belt of my robe and opening it, exposing my manhood to the cool evening air, then I felt her beginning to gently stroke me as I kept up my kissing and playing with her exquisite, firm breasts.

Shortly, Diana pulled away from me and slid down onto the floor, on her knees, facing me. She took my hardened shaft and began to lick it, then suck on the head, then lick it again, her tongue flicking all around it, driving me wild. 

"Tell me to take it all," she breathed as she teased me with her mouth. "Call me your little bitch, your whore, tell me!" she ordered, her face flushed with arousal.

"Take it all, all of it in your mouth, you little bitch!" I told her. "Suck me, you whore, all of me!"

She moaned deeply and took me into her mouth, sliding my pole in and out of her throat, breathing hard and fast through her nose.

"That's it, you're MY little bitch now, you nasty little whore," I said, moaning with pleasure as she kept up her oral stimulation, my hips bucking with her every move as her head bobbed up and down faster and faster.

I was close to cumming, and I didn't want to, not yet, so I stopped her and pulled away from her.

"What's wrong?" Diana asked.

"Nothing, I want to take you into the bedroom."

"Then tell me, order me to. I'm your little slut," she said, pleadingly.

"All right then, you little slut, we're going into the bedroom. NOW! MOVE!" I pulled her up from the floor and slapped her lightly on the butt. She gasped and moaned with excitement, and walked quickly into the bedroom with me behind her.

I grabbed her and tossed her onto the bed, on her back, and forced her legs apart roughly. It seemed like the rougher I got, the better she liked it. The hem of her chemise rode up to her waist, and I could see the crotch of her matching satin thong panty was soaked with her juices as I dove into her sweet cunt. I yanked the saturated fabric to the side and began to tongue and suck on her clit. Diana's back arched as she cried out in pleasure as I licked and sucked on her delectable, dripping pussy. I watched as her hands yanked at her spaghetti straps, ripping them free, then roamed over her breasts with their hardened, erect nipples. Her engorged clit was in my mouth, and I was sucking on it for all I was worth

Her pelvis was bucking and rocking, forcing her pussy into my face with everything she had. As her body writhed to my violent cunnilingus, she began to moan loudly, pleadingly, "Oh god Hank! Let me come! Tell your filthy little bitch she can come! Please!!"

"All right, you nasty, filthy little whore!" I said coming up for air. "Let's see you come!"

I shoved my face back into her and sucked on her as hard and fast as I could, and as I did I heard her let out a scream, and simultaneously a load of pussy cum shot all over my face.

"Come for me HARD, you little bitch!" I yelled as I came up for air again, then resumed mercilessly eating her as wave after wave of orgasmic spasms hit her.

"OHGODOHGODOHGOD!! OHHHHHHH! OHHHHhhhhhhh!" she squealed as she bathed my face in her sweet juices.

I kept sucking until her climax subsided, then moved up until I was over her, on top of her.

"I'm not done with you yet, little whore," I said as I pulled my arms out of the satin robe and threw it aside.

"No, I don't want you to be done yet," she pleaded, her voice a breathless moan. "You have to fuck your little whore now, don't you? Say it! Say what you have to do!"

"Yes, I have to fuck my filthy little whore now, that's what you really want, isn't it, you dirty little bitch?"

"Oh yes, please, fuck me!"

I grabbed her and rolled her over onto her belly. She rose up on all fours as I slid my throbbing hard cock into her waiting, dripping pussy from behind. I began to thrust into her with long, hard strokes as I grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled her head back.

"Play with your pussy, whore," I commanded her as I fucked her harder and faster.

Supporting herself with only one arm now, she slid her other hand down to her cunt and began to vibrate her fingers over her clit as I shoved into her as hard as I could. Her thin satin chemise was bunched up uselessly at her waist, damp with sweat now as we concentrated on satisfying the basest of our animal urges.

"Tell me you want it, bitch" I breathed between thrusts.

"Oh baby I want it so bad, I want it all, please give it to me!" Diana moaned.

I fucked her until her breathing and moans told me she was getting close to another orgasm, then I stopped. I harshly rolled her onto her back, then fell on top of her and rammed my cock into her again.

"Don't you dare come until I tell you to, whore!" I told her through clenched teeth as our bodies churned and writhed together as one. "Do you hear me, you little slut?"

'Y-y-y-y-ess—I ...hear....you...." she panted as she gyrated her pelvis and ground her clit into me with every upward thrust of her body.

Our bodies were slick with sweat now as we fucked harder and faster, our breathing ragged and fast, Diana moaning and sobbing with every thrust. Her chemise was soaked with our sweat as our bodies melded together.

"You nasty little slut," I panted, "You want to come now, don't you?"

"Yes, oh yes, pleeeeease....." Diana begged.

"Come for me, bitch," I hissed as I shoved into as hard and as deep and as fast as I possibly could. I felt my spunk rushing for escape, and I heard Diana begin to cry out in unbridled release as her second orgasm overtook her, possessed her.

"OHHHHHHHH MMMMYYYYYYY GGGODDDDDD! Oh Baby! OOHHH OHHH OHHHH OHHH GOD I'M CUMMING!" Diana shrieked as her pussy contracted and spasmed around my cock. I exploded inside of her, her spasming vaginal walls coaxing every last drop of semen out of me, and I yelled out her name as I came, my voice drowned out by her orgasmic wails. "Don't stop, baby, please don't stop yet," she begged as her climax eased off, then returned with a vengeance.

"OH FUCK!!! OH FUCK!! FUCK ME BABY!!" she yelled as she came for a third time. "DON'T STOP DON'T STOP DON'T STOP!! OOOHHHHH MMMMMM MMMMMM!" Diana wailed, her third cumming not quite as intense as the ones before but still powerful. I kept thrusting, even though I was running out of steam, because I was enjoying her reaction to our lovemaking. Her passion and intensity was something that I had never experienced before, and it was exhilarating.

After a few more minutes, Diana wound down and I collapsed on top of her. We fell asleep and dozed for awhile, then at about 10 PM or so we woke up. Silently, Diana left the room and returned with my clothes. She had put on the robe that I had briefly worn, her chemise being pretty much done in at that point. I got dressed, then headed for the front door. I stood there briefly, taking her into my arms and kissing her gently.

"Thank you for a lovely evening" I said to her softly.

"The pleasure was all mine," Diana said, smiling, her eyes sparkling.

"Someday you'll have to tell me what precipitated all this," I told her.

"It's not important now, darling" Diana said. "What matters is that we found each other. There'll be plenty of time for that later."

"Yes, I guess there will be," I said with a smile, taking her into my arms for another gentle goodnight kiss.