 Chapter One

After my divorce - a particularly ugly one after I came hoe early one day and found my wife fucking my business partner in our bed – I decided to move as far away as possible for a new start.

When I searched the net for possible business opportunities (I am an accountant), I found a small practice for sale in the town of Benton, about 100 miles from Regina in Saskatchewan. As part of the divorce, the house and all our property was sold and divided evenly (or almost – she got the cat which was just fine with me since I know my partner has pet allergies).

I packed up my belongings, arranged for the mover and drove to Regina first to shop for a new computer and software for my business and other supplies as well as a stock of food and wines since I heard the stores were limited in Benton. Using the directions I was given by the seller of the business, I easily found my way to my new home and checked into a nice clean hotel. After meeting with the fellow selling his business (he and his wife were moving to Florida) and running through his client list and financials again, I gave him my check for payment in full and sent him on his way.

Since it was getting late in the afternoon, I decided to leave calling and visiting my clients until morning and instead went to the one realtor in town to look for a house to buy. As I walked in the door, a very attractive red head, greeted me perhaps around my age (early 50's) that introduced herself as the sole proprietor, Sarah James. We sat and chatted over the cappuccino she offered and I described my modest needs for a home; basically a two bedroom (one for a home office), a fully equipped kitchen (I love to cook) and a quiet location with a view if possible.

Sarah – she insisted she call me that as I did her call me Bob – told me she had a couple of prospects which were both available immediately and one of them was next store to her and her partner. With typical small town hospitality, she invited me to join her and her husband for dinner and she could show me the house while dinner was being prepared. It being a pleasant summers evening, her husband was barbequing so she had the time. I jumped at the opportunity for even BBQ rather than restaurant food so accepted without delay.

I followed her in my car – very easy to do in such a small community of only 5,500. We pulled into her driveway and I went around back to meet her husband Sam. Obviously Sam enjoyed his beer since he seemed to well into it by the time I was introduced to him as a potential new neighbour. As he smiled his welcome, I noticed a strange sideways glance at Sarah but that might have just been my imagination or the beer. Sam and I chatted for a few moments while Sarah went into the house to change into something more comfortable for the heat of the evening.

As she exited onto their deck, my eyes almost popped out of their sockets! She was barely covered in very tight red short shorts with a thin almost sheer halter-top that was knotted just under her breasts. A major expanse of toned flat abs was exposed; this was a lady who took very good care of herself! Since Sam was still working on his beer and turning the steaks (I think his attention span was short since the meat was looking pretty well done), Sarah led me through a gate almost hidden in the 8 foot hedge surrounding their yard and into the back yard of the vacant house I was to view. After tearing my eyes off her swaying and very sexy ass, I looked in awe at the rear of the property. It was amazing!

The back of the house was almost solid glass from the deck to the roofline for the full width; only golden sheers shielded the inside. The huge deck itself had a large wooden hot tub sunk into one corner and a built-in gas BBQ in another; definitely built for entertaining. As I was looking at it, Sarah reached out and startled me by almost breathing in my ear, "Breathtaking isn't it?"

She was so close behind me; I swear I felt her breasts touch my back lightly. Now I am not a slouch in the looks department; six foot tall with a fairly well toned body considering how little real exercise I get other than my morning runs. Now Sarah – she was magnificent and I could just smell the scent of her delicate perfume as she took me onto the deck for a look across the broad expanse of the xeri-scaped property. All rocks and shrubs for low or no maintenance – exactly what I was looking for but I need to see the inside.

Just as we were stepping inside, Sarah turned to me and asked, "I hope you don't mind; the former owner passed away and his estate wants it sold furnished as is. He was a middle aged fellow who was killed in an auto accident a year ago and I know the family wants the house sold so you can offer low ball"

I thought this strange comment from a realtor but stepped in a high tech kitchen to die for; all the latest updated cabinets in light oak and marble counter tops. The living room beyond – the house was open plan – was opulent but Spartan at the same time. Leather furniture of the best quality and glass and stainless furniture was everywhere. This latter theme carried through to a formal dining room and I could see up a spiral staircase to the loft master bedroom. Sarah showed me the nice sized 2nd bedroom first under the loft (an ideal office) and then we climbed the spiral to the master bedroom. Once again, magnificent; a king size bed suspended on steel cables from the ceiling so that it gently moved as one lay on it, and all the closet spaces one could ever require. There were mirrors everywhere and when I looked over the bed, there was one there, surrounding a huge skylight. "There must have been some interesting things going on in here" I commented.

Sarah laughed delightedly as she laid her hand on my shoulder. Gazing into my eyes, she almost whispered, "You don't know the half of it; guess you'll have to buy it if you want to find out. We are a very friendly neighbourhood here" she completed with a grin.

Hearing a bellow from Sam next store, I preceded Sarah down the staircase and heard a cry behind me as her heel caught in the tread and she tumbled downwards. I turned quickly to catch her and my hands brushed her halter such that one beautiful hand sized breast almost bounced out. Stealing an obvious leer at the sight I helped her to her feet and she slowly realigned herself. We hurriedly made our way back across the lawn to the gate and met Sam just as he was coming to look for us.

"So did you unload that white elephant?" he slurred obviously well into the beer by now.

Embarrassed, Sarah glanced over at me and told Sam we would be meeting after supper to discuss that very thing. Once glance at the BBQ, and at Sam, told me that we would not be dining on steak that night. The pieces of burnt meat decided that issue. Besides, Sam was already staggering to their back door mumbling about being sleepy and going to bed; likely just as well since he would be unfit company for the evening any way.

"Well, he's a goner for the night. Shall we go back over to the house and I'll just grab my kit in case you are interested."

I was interested all right and not just in the house! It had been months since I had been with a woman and I was extremely horny and this woman definitely was sending out vibes; or at least I wasn't misreading a sales come on from the real thing. 

That question would soon be answered.

Chapter 2

We entered the house and sat beside each other on the deep sofa. As Sarah opened her briefcase to extract the details of the property and a Letter of Offer, her bare thigh ever so softly brushed against mine as she leaned forward. Stealing a not too inconspicuous glance sideways, I could see the swell of her full breast peeking from the side of the skimpy sheer halter. Her profile against the setting sun flowing through the floor to ceiling windows showed the obvious hardness of her nipples as they poked against the thin material covering them.

I shook my head to re-focus (after all this was a big purchase and I had to pay attention to the details); as I did, Sarah smiled and pressed her leg firmly against mine. My cock was responding and its growth was obvious as it stretched along my leg under my lightweight slacks. I saw her glance downwards with a somewhat wicked smile.

As we discussed the details of the house, it turned out that it was a virtual steal and I jumped at the opportunity, signing the Letter of Offer immediately. Sarah walked over to the counter in the kitchen where there was a telephone/fax combination – I hadn't noticed this bonus earlier – and told me she was faxing the offer to the other realtor who was waiting with the sellers as we spoke. She was obviously very sure of herself having this organized ahead of time.

Within five minutes, the fax rang and a signed letter of acceptance chugged its way into the collection tray. All I had to do was arrange to transfer the funds to their account by return. Since Sarah had her laptop with her, I plugged it into the high-speed Internet connection, accessed my bank and transferred the full purchase price to the bank stipulated. The deal was done! Sarah presented me the keys and I was the proud owner of what seemed to be perfection in a home. However, I was just to learn the major advantage!

"Bob" Sarah called from across the room by the spiral staircase leading to the loft. "One thing I failed to mention is that I am the President of the local chapter of the Welcome Wagon!" With that, she reached behind her neck and back and with a flick of the wrist, the halter fell to the floor in front of her. I stood in awe as I feasted my eyes on the most beautiful pair of what appeared to be 36C tits standing high and proud. Each was crowned with a dimpled brown aureole and a stiff protruding nipple that begged to be sucked! 

Not one to miss such a welcome into the community, I quickly made my way across the thick carpet and pulled her into my arms. Our lips melted together in a passionate lingering kiss. I trailed a line of warm kisses down the side of her neck and across her collarbone as she entwined her fingers in my hair. As I reached the rise of each breast, I kissed and tongued from under the warm globe where it met her chest wall – such a sensitive spot for many women – and she didn't disappoint. Her head tossed back as she moaned in supplication.

My mouth found its way up and around each firm tit – never touched her aching nipples despite her cries for attention. Finally, I brushed my lips with the touch of butterfly's wings across each nipple and they literally leapt into my mouth as they yearned to be sucked hard and deep. As she pulled my head hard against each breast, I reached down to her shorts, unclipped the fastener and with a quick motion, unzipped them. They were so tight that I sank to my knees and slid them over her hips and down her legs to the floor where she kicked them aside. My eyes were right at the level of her glistening shaven pussy!

I had only dreamed of making love to a woman who had shaved herself so cleanly - my impossible dream was about to come true! As she leaned back against the railing of the stairwell, I raised my lips to kiss her outer labia and inhaled the smell of her arousal as I saw the stream of her cum flowing along her thigh. She pushed me away slightly and sat on the third step of the stairs and lifted her one leg up onto the railing thus spreading herself wide for me.

"I want to see you naked first" she whispered huskily as her fingers traced the lips of her pussy. As I pulled my shirt over my head and started to undo my pants, she demanded that I do a slow strip for her! As I slowly kicked off my shoes and removed my socks, she pushed three fingers into her pussy as far as they could go and scooped out a load of her cum. Smiling at me and licking her lips, she drove her fingers deep into her mouth and sucked them clean of her own essence. With a groan at the sight of the head of my leaking cock peeking out of the top of my bikini briefs, her fingers flew to her tits and she started to pull and twist them to even longer and harder status!

I could see cum streaming from her pussy and I quickly shed my underwear and with my rampant cock bobbing straight ahead, I knelt on the bottom stair and dove my face into her rose red pussy! It was open like the petals of a blooming rose and the musky taste and smell of her drove to a level of frenzy as I alternated fucking her with my fingers and sucking the juices from her gyrating cunt!

She screamed out as the first in a stream of never ending orgasms struck her and her body shuddered as she thrust her hips against my devouring mouth. In spite of, or perhaps because of, her cries to stop, I continued to torture her until she orgasmed twice more and then went silent and limp. As I raised my head, I saw that her eyes had rolled back in her head and she has passed out momentarily.

I picked her slack body up in my arms and carefully carried her up the wide spiral stairs to the bedroom. Laying her carefully on the swinging bed – just a slight motion as the chains ran from the ceiling to the floor allowing just a modicum of exhilarating movement. I supposed it could also help to rock one to sleep after a tough day but this was not in the cards for tonight.



Chapter 3

I went into the large bathroom, dampened a soft face cloth and rested it on her forehead as I lay beside her.

In a few moments, her eyes flickered open and she turned her head towards me and smiled. "What happened?"

I told her that she had passed out for a few moments and she just grinned and told me that she had never had that happen before. Nor had she ever made love on the stairs like that before – her only comment was "Wow!"

"Now its your turn and time for some mutual pleasure" was her next comment as she started to kiss my from my forehead to my chest where she stayed for about ten minutes sucking my nipples to a hardness I had never experienced. I hadn't realized just how sensitive they were and I could feel the tingles like an electric shock down to my toes. She then moved to my feet and after a long massage, which relaxed me completely, she proceeded to suck lingeringly on each toe and run her tongue between them. Now it was my turn to moan in pleasure!

Slowly, ever so slowly, she ran her soft hands up the outside of my legs as her tongue followed the same path up the inside. By the time she had reached my hips on the outside, her tongue was laving my heavy balls one at a time. She then sucked them softly and gently – first one, then the other and then both! The warmth of her mouth and the fact that her one hand had found my turgid cock and was gripping it firming as she stroked it almost threw me over the edge.

She sensed my closeness and squeezed the base of my cock in such a way that the feeling passed. She then straddled my thighs and lowered her mouth to encircle the glans with her lips but not before her tongue snaked out to lap at my pee hole and lap up the precum that was flowing in a constant stream. As her lips sucked the dome of my reddening cock into her warm mouth and her tongue rimmed the super sensitive ring under it, I once again thrust my hips upwards trying to bury my cock deeper as my cum started to boil inside my full balls.

Once again she did the squeeze and I pulled back. Then, without a sound, she slid my cock all the way into her mouth to the back of her throat. With a swallowing movement I felt my cock head actually slide into her throat! She started to moan around me and this sent vibrations along my cock to my balls. I cried out "Please stop or I'll cum!"

She slid my cock out of her mouth in one smooth motion leaving feeling suddenly abandoned. I didn't want her to stop; I wanted to shoot my load down her throat.

"Next time my sweet baby! This time, I will ride you until you cum deep inside me!"

With that she moved higher, straddling my hips, and reaching between her legs, grasped my precum soaked cock (mixed with her saliva) and rubbed it against her exposed clit as I watched in fascination. I seemed to grow until it was fully out of her pussy lips and glowing blood red. Positioning my cock at her opening, she slowly lowered herself, inch by inch, until she was fully impaled on it. I could feel it touching her cervix and she moaned "So big! You fill me so well, darling"

She placed her hands on my shoulders and arched her back inwards so I could reach her nipples with my lips. As I sucked each in turn into my ravishing mouth, she rocked herself back and forth on me dragging her clit hard against my pubic bone with each movement. This started her cum flowing copiously again and as she picked up the pace and I bit down hard on her nipple, she screamed as yet another series of orgasms washed over her. 

Her pussy grabbed onto my cock with such a death grip that it drove me to finally cum with a force so great that I feared it would push her off he. I don't remember cumming this much ever in my life and we just seemed to keep on releasing our inner cores together endlessly! 

We were both covered in sheens of sweat and drops of salty perspiration fell from her brow onto my face. She finally fell forward onto my chest while our bodies remained fused together. Slowly my cock started to soften and sadly left the warmth and comfort of her pussy. As it fell free, a gush of our mixed cum flowed from her opening to cover my cock and balls and soak the sheets.

After we captured our breaths, I glanced over at the bedside clock; nearly four hours had passed since I sealed the deal on the house. What a time well spent, too!

Sarah leaned up on her elbows on my chest as she lay on me and smiling whispered, "Welcome to the neighbourhood, darling! Any time my firm can be of assistance, feel free to call me. Sam is usually out of it every night by 7:00."