 The water felt wonderful running down her body. Melissa enjoyed the heat of it cascading over her skin, from her neck, down her breasts, and then in between her legs. She pondered the man in the bed. She wondered what his story was, and what had led him here. 

It was something she did only with some men. Most of the guys that came through here were just looking for some specific fantasy, or just a good fuck. She didn't think that was why Jack had come. 

She shuddered as her hands caressed her breasts, running over the nipples, her body remembering the way he had teased her. Her pussy still felt a burning need for more, and she began to lightly play with herself as her mind continued to think about Jack. 

Melissa had been here for almost two years now, usually working every other weekend. Three days of pleasure that paid so much more than she could get working any regular 40 hour week job. She passed about 20 grand a month for the two weekends she worked. Never had a job been so luxuriously lucrative and pleasurable. 

She had it figured out so that another three years and she could retire for the rest of her life. Move out of the city, back to the small town she came from, buy a house, and live the rest of her life with a man she still hoped to meet someday.

Having been with a lot of men since she had started here, sometimes she was still surprised by some of the things men could do. The way Jack had touched her, the way he moved against her, well, she hadn't felt like that in a long while. Most men came in, got undressed, told her what they wanted, came, and left. It was refreshing having someone come in and just go with the flow. 

She pinched a nipple with her left hand as her right sank two fingers inside her pussy. Slowly she finger fucked herself as she thought of Jack's amazing body just outside the bathroom door. 

He was fairly tall, maybe 6'1", and a beautiful athletic body. She didn't know what he did for a living, but he kept himself fit. His shoulders were broad, well defined biceps, not Arnold huge or anything, but lean and firm. His stomach wasn't a six-pack, but it wasn't missing it by much. Well toned legs, and a great butt, she had definitely enjoyed squeezing that part of him. 

She moaned as her fingers worked inside of her, and her mind pictured his cock. It was the perfect size, just right in every way, and it tasted just as good as it looked. When he'd finally buried himself in her, she had loved every inch he gave her, and feeling him come had been exquisite. The way it pulsed within her was... Melissa bit her lip as she came, her fingers still pumping into her as she grabbed the bar so she didn't fall. Her pussy flooding itself all over again, she held tight as it passed, and then she slowly sank to the floor of the shower. 

She withdrew her fingers as the shower rained down on her, and smiled to herself. She was ready for more.

* * *

Jack woke up from his nap, and for a moment forgot where he was, and then it came back to him and he calmed down. He rubbed his hands over his face to force the sleepy feeling away, and he slowly sat up in the bed. He looked down at his naked body, his cock, still recuperating, but somewhat cleaned off of his and Melissa's cum. His pubic hair was trimmed, and he had always liked the way it looked with his cock. His clothes were still in the middle of the floor, and Melissa's towel was next to the bed. 

Jack was just wondering where she was when he heard the shower turn off. A minute later Melissa came out of the bathroom, drying her hair with the towel. The rest of her was completely bare, and Jack took a good long look as she looked back at him.

He had already learned that she was completely shaved, but her pussy still looked incredible to him. He could just see her lips, still partly open, from his view on the bed. Her breasts were magnificent, 34C was his guess, and firm, the nipples proudly on display. Her areoles was rather small, but her nipples themselves were big, and he licked his lips as he stared. Her body was well proportioned on her 5'6" frame, every place he looked was toned and hard.

She smiled at him as she finished drying her hair and threw the towel onto the floor. "Hey sexy."

"Hey sexy, yourself, you look amazing." Jack said, astonished. His cock was beginning to stir. 

"Thank you," Melissa replied. She walked toward him, and Jack moved to sit on the edge of the bed. 

She straddled his legs and sat down on his lap, looking straight at him as she pressed herself against him. When her hairless pussy rubbed against his cock, it began to get hard, and was soon pressing up against the lips of her slit. 

They sat there for a minute, looking at each other, and then they both smiled.

"I see you're ready for more." she said with a devilish grin.

"I can feel that you are too." he replied with a smirk. Her pussy juice was beginning to coat his cock as it pressed along the length of her vagina. Melissa smiled, and slowly started moving back and forth over his cock. Her lips pressed down around his hardness, and soon he was coated in her juices. She began to moan as she rubbed herself against him. He was rubbing right against her clit, and it felt so good. His hands cupped her ass, and he helped her run herself across him. They were still looking right into each others eyes, and then she brought her head down, and kissed him. He returned the kiss, and then they melted into each other as their lips intertwined. She snaked her tongue into his mouth, and he took it, and began to suck on it, running his lips up and down on her tongue. She groaned and then his tongue was in her mouth, and she sucked at his as they continued to grind onto each other. 

He broke the kiss and bent to kiss her breasts. He kissed and licked at them until she pulled back enough to let him grab a nipple with his teeth. He nipped at it lightly, and she responded with a groan, and then he sucked it into his mouth, and she moaned.

They were sliding against one another easily now, her juices flowing from her pussy like a river around his cock. He devoured her nipples in his mouth as she begged him to keep sucking on them.

"Oh yeah, suck my nipples." she yelled. "Oh, Jack, I want your cock in me."

He sucked her nipple into his mouth and pulled away holding onto it for as long as he could. It stretched away from her breast, until it finally fell free, and she groaned in his ear. 

Melissa brought herself up just enough, and then slid one hand between them to grip his hard cock. Then she lowered herself onto him. She slid easily with all her juices clear down to the hilt. She had all of him inside her, and he felt so amazing.

She pushed him back onto the bed, and just stayed there for a minute, relishing his dick inside of her. Her hair had partially fallen across her face, her eyes were full of lust as she looked at him. "I'm gonna fuck you hard baby." 

Jack surged as she said the words, and then she was riding him. Driving herself down onto him and pulling up, only to plunge onto him again. Relentlessly she went, bouncing on his cock, and he did his best to match her thrust for thrust. 

"Oh fuck, I'm coming!" she yelled, and then she was coming, and still she rode him. He could feel her pulsing around him as she bucked. Her torso a sight to behold as she leaned back to take him in, her breasts jutting out from her chest, nipples hard as rocks. She came two more times, never once stopping for a breath, she just kept going. 

Finally, after the third orgasm, she slowed to a stop. His cock still rock hard inside her. Her breathing was very heavy, her breasts rising and falling quickly as she tried to breath.

"Oh my God," she said. She repeated it over and over as she sat upon him. "You are amazing."

"And I'm not done yet." Jack replied. He pulled her off of him, and laid her on her stomach. 

Quickly he spread her legs, and she lifted her hips, and he sank his dick into her once more. She groaned into the blanket as he filled her. Now it was his turn to do the fucking. And he began quickly, pounding into her as fast as he could. Her pussy wrapped around him as he sank inside, and tried to keep him there as he pulled out. She began screaming into the blanket as he slammed in and out of her. And he felt her cum again and again. She kept screaming into the blanket as he fucked her. She didn't know how many times she came, it just seemed nonstop to her, but finally he slowed down. Both of them were covered in sweat, and he pulled his cock out of her and flipped her over. He straddled her chest, and as she caught on to his game, she spit into her hands, and rubbed it into the valley of her breasts. He did the same and then he placed his cock in her breasts, and she used her hands to push the rest of her breasts around him. Then he was sealed between her tits, and began to lightly stroke between them. 

His cock was almost purple from being so hard so long, and she watched it slide between her tits, loving the sensation. She looked straight into his eyes and said, "Cum on me Jack. I want to feel your cum all over my tits, and all over my face."

This was enough to finally push him over the edge. He stroked her breasts until his balls started to contract, and then his cock swelled, and she smiled and opened her mouth as he started to cum. The first shot hit her along her left cheek, the next on her chin, and then her neck and breasts got the last shots as his cock emptied itself onto her. She released her breasts from around his dick.

"Put it in my mouth." she said.

Jack moved up a little more, and groaned as she took him in her mouth. She sucked on him for a few minutes, and then he pulled out of her mouth, and she licked around the base of him. 

He finally fell to her side, and she turned over, and rested her head on top of his half hard cock. She loved the way it felt against her cheek. 

Jack took a deep breath, "Well, what do we do for an encore after that?"

Melissa smiled and gave his cock a kiss along its side. "I'm sure we'll think of something."