 SUNDAY

I must have fallen asleep on top of Dana, because the next thing I remember, I woke up, in the dark, in her bed. I could feel Dana next to me, as we had, somehow, gotten into the spoon position during the night. I could smell her hair, mixed with the scent of sweat and sex. Her smooth back nestled against my chest and my limp cock was pressing against her ass. I looked at the clock, surprised to see that it was 5:30 in the morning. 

I was surprisingly alert, considering Saturday's activities and my drinking. I began to replay the day in my mind, from Ariel's surprise visit and the pool sex, Dad's date with Mrs. Angelo, the party, Fred and Emily, maybe Gina and Hank, my interrupted flirtation with Natalie, and staying over at Dana's. 

Thinking about all of that, and realizing that I was in bed, naked and spooning with Dana, I felt myself getting hard, and the tip of my cock poked between Dana's butt cheeks a little. Whether because she felt that, or not, she pressed against me tighter, so that I was even further in, her warm, soft skin enveloping my cock. Dana's breathing was slow and even, so I assumed she was asleep. I held her tight against me, and gently thrust my cock further between her legs.

Without turning, Dana whispered to me in a sleepy voice, "Are you waking me up at this ridiculous hour to fuck again?" 

I thought I was busted, and stammered, "um, kind of, not really, uh, I guess." 

She chucked softly and said, "Great idea," and she pressed her ass hard against me. I reached over with my free hand and started stroking her breasts and withdrew my cock slowly from between her thighs. 

She lifted her leg and slid my cock into her surprisingly well lubricated pussy from behind. Unlike our active fucking the night before, this was slow and gentle. We stayed like this, moving in rhythm while I toyed with her nipples until I came. I realized that she hadn't, and reached down to try to get her off with my hands, but she pushed my hand away, saying, "it's O.K. I don't have to cum every time. I know that you aren't taking me for granted. That felt nice, and I'm glad you got off."

We cuddled and dozed for a while, until about 7, when Dana got up to go to the bathroom. When she returned, she told me that her mother's room was empty and her car was not in the driveway. I mentally high-fived my father, and then realized how weird that was. We got up and I took a quick shower and got dressed. I was feeling pretty confident with Dana at that point, so I decided to ask her something that was bothering me. 

"Can I ask you something, and don't get mad." 

"Sure," she responded. 

"Um, yesterday, we had that talk about not being a couple and all," I started. 

She looked at me and smiled, "and you want to know why I interfered with your attempt to get into Natalie's pants at the party?" 

"Well, yeah, I mean, I wasn't even sure about her." 

"No, I could see you liked her, and I really hope you pursue her." 

"I don't understand," I replied, confused. 

"I meant what I said yesterday. We aren't a couple, and both of us are free to see whoever we want. But here's a dirty secret about me—I am competitive. I have always used my looks to get what I want. I admit that. And when you aren't with me, you should do what, and who, you want. But in my house, when you have a choice between me and someone else, I always want you to pick me. You passed that test, and, I think, made out better than you would have if you had kept after Natalie." 

I listened and thought I understood. I said, "So, what you are saying, is you are O.K. with me seeing other people, as long as I pick you when given the choice?" 

"Exactly. I'm not proud of that, but that's the way I see it." 

"I think I understand. I can live with that now," I said. 

So, the bottom line was, nothing was different. Dana had, as she always had, the power to let me continue to fuck her, if she wanted, and I could do anything I wanted with anyone else, but if she wanted to have sex with me, and I chose someone else over her, I was finished. That actually seemed fair to me under the circumstances. We kissed and I stood up to leave.

As I was getting ready to leave the house, Mrs. Angelo came through the door, wearing no makeup, with wet hair held in a ponytail and wearing a t-shirt I recognized as my father's and sweatpants with his college logo on it. She looked a bit embarrassed seeing me leaving her house, but under the circumstances, she didn't say anything but "hi" and "goodbye" as I said the same. I drove home considering the awkwardness of that last exchange. It probably would have been even more awkward if Mr. Angelo had known that I actually had sex with both of her daughters the day before. I chuckled to myself, thinking of that, and cranked up the radio.

When I got home, Dad was sitting at the dining room table drinking coffee. I poured myself a cup of coffee and sat down with him. 

He broke the somewhat uncomfortable silence by saying, "I take it that the party went well?" 

"Yeah," I responded. 

"You look tired," he said. "Uncomfortable couch?" he asked, with a little friendly sarcasm in his voice. 

"Something like that," I responded, smiling broadly. "I saw Mrs. Angelo coming into the house when I was leaving," I countered. 

Dad smiled back at me and looked a little embarrassed himself. 

"I guess that meant your date went well," I said, jocularly. 

"I guess it did," he said, grinned and took a swig of coffee. "There seems to be something irresistible about the women in that family," he mused. 

"Maybe it is us who are irresistible to them," I responded. 

Dad laughed, then turned quiet again. 

"You know, Mom would want you to be happy," I said. 

"I think you're right," he said, softly. 

I got up from the table and went to my room. I had a bunch of stuff to get done. I needed to study for my final on Monday. I needed to check in with Fred and Gina and post-mortem the party. I needed to text Natalie, and keep the lines of communication open, and I needed to talk to Dana, just because. But first, I needed to sleep, so I got into my bed and passed out.

My phone awakened me a couple of hours later. It was Fred, texting me—"meet me and Gina at the coffee shop." 

I responded, "O.K.—how'd it go with Emily?" 

"Score!" he responded. 

"Sweet!!" I replied. "See you in a few". 

I got up and got dressed. When I came downstairs, Sarah was watching TV. 

"How was the party?" she asked. 

"Great," I said. "I was actually flirting with this girl, Natalie, and was doing pretty well, I thought, but then Dana sort of lured me away."  

Sarah looked at me and said, "Good for you. I hope you didn't burn your bridges with Natalie, though." 

"I hope not," I said, "I kind of liked her, but couldn't turn Dana down." 

"I understand—girls like Dana are hard to resist. By the way," she asked, "did Gina go to the party?" 

"Yeah," I responded. "She looked great, actually. Why do you ask?" 

Sarah looked a little embarrassed. "I probably shouldn't have said anything, but she called me for some advice—I helped her with her hair, makeup and clothing. Please don't say anything." 

I responded, "Well, whatever you did, worked. She was cute. And she was making out with some guy when I last saw her." 

Sarah responded, "I hope it worked out for her."

I left the house, drove into town and parked near the coffee shop. When I got there Fred was sitting at a table alone, drinking a coffee. I ordered a latte and sat down. 

"Where's Gina?" 

"She's coming."  

"O.K.," I said, quick then—details." 

He grinned, and said, "A gentleman doesn't kiss and tell, or so you told me." 

I laughed. "Yeah, but I gave you some info, didn't I?" 

"True," he responded. "Anyway, it was incredible. We really seemed to click at the party, and the next think I knew, we were making out. She was letting me rub her all over, and she was doing the same to me. I almost came in my pants, but was able to control myself. She suggested we leave the party and go someplace private. My parents were home, so that was out, and my car is really too small, so I suggested the park. You know, where we used to make forts when we were kids?" 

"Great idea," I said, "it's nice and private there." 

"Yeah," he continued. "We got there, and I brought out a blanket that I had in the trunk and laid it down. We kissed, and stuff, and somehow we were both naked. I was freaking out. She went down on me, and I couldn't help myself—I came right away, but she swallowed and kept going like a pro. When I was ready again, she got on her back, I put on the condom and she guided me in. It was amazing. I think I made her cum, and then we just lay there, under the stars, cuddling. I started to finger her, and she got me hard again, I put on the second condom, and she got on top of me and rode me." 

"That's amazing," I said. "Way to go. Do you think you will see her again?" 

"I hope so," he said, smiling.

At that point, Gina came in, looking more like she did at school and less like the hottie from the party. I was glad that she came; I missed hanging with her. Not that I was going to give up screwing Dana, but that didn't mean I didn't miss Gina. 

"I see that you guys are celebrating your conquests," she said. 

I responded, "What about you—you seemed to be going at it pretty good with Hank?" 

"Yeah, she said, "It was cool being hit on, and Hank is not bad looking, so I took your advice and stopped thinking so much and just went with it. I got a little drunk, so I guess that made it easier. I have to admit, the kissing and stuff felt good, and we went someplace private. But he turned out to be a jerk, pushing me to do more than I really wanted with him. So, I left early, and alone." 

I could see a bit of disappointment flicker across Gina's face, but she let it pass. She then turned to Fred—"so, you and Emily?" she asked. 

"Yeah, me and Emily," he admitted. 

"So, I'm the last one standing," she said, a little bitterly. "I guess my standards are high." 

I realized she was dissing the girls I had slept with, including Emily, and got pissed off. "Who do you think you are, anyway, god's gift to men? Either do it or not. I saw you at the party—you looked really beautiful, and you enjoyed that people noticed." 

She looked at the table. 

I continued, "If I've learned one thing for sure in the last few days—sex can be fun. It feels good, and I like doing it. And even though none of the girls that I have slept with is a rocket scientist, that doesn't make them bad people, or even dumb. None of them is. You are doing the same type of stereotyping that we say they are doing about us. So get off your fucking high horse and let us have our fun. We've certainly overdue." 

Gina actually looked like she was going to cry, and I felt a little bad for lashing out at her. But before I could say anything, she was out the door. 

Fred looked at me—"a bit harsh maybe?" 

"Maybe," I said, "but I am tired of her constant judging. I am enjoying myself. I am happy, I am getting more confident with girls and I don't see why she is so angry." 

We finished our coffee in silence, and before I left, I asked Fred, "Have you been in contact with Emily since last night?" 

"Not really," he said—"I sent her a friend request, but nothing else." 

"Call her today, or at least text her and tell her what a good time you had, and that you would like to see her again." 

"Good idea," he responded, as we left the coffee shop.

I got home and texted Natalie, telling her that I had enjoyed hanging with her, and hoped that we could get together again sometime. I also sent her a friend request. She didn't respond, so I started studying. A few minutes later, I got a text from Natalie saying, "maybe." She also accepted my friend request. I realized I needed to do more to try to limit the damage from the party, but figured it could wait until we were face to face somewhere. I studied some more, and then took a break to call Dana. 

"What's going on?" I asked. 

"Studying physics, believe it or not," she responded. 

We discussed a few physics questions that she had. Then I told her about Fred and Emily, which, of course, she already knew, from Emily, I guessed. 

"She actually likes him," she told me. 

"And he likes her," I answered. "Maybe this can be a thing for them." 

"Yeah," she replied, "that would be great." 

She paused, and said, "My mom had a great time with your father." 

I replied, "And he said he had a great time with your mother." 

We paused, and I guess she was having the same strange thoughts about our parents having sex with each other. 

"Yeah, she said, "Let's change the subject." 

"Did you see Gina making out with Hank?" I asked. 

"Yeah, he's a moron, not good enough for her," she responded. 

"That's what Gina said," I responded. "She said she wasn't into it and left early." 

Dana responded, "I never noticed before, but Gina is kind of cute, when she tries." 

"Yeah, I noticed that too," I responded. 

Dana paused, then said, "let me think about who might be good for her, other than you, that is." 

Shocked, I responded, "Me? That makes no sense. She's been my best friend since elementary school, but I've never thought of her that way." 

"Good," Dana said, "But think about it--who else do you know who is smart enough to keep up with her? But I bet I can think of someone—maybe from South, or even a college guy." 

I realized that Dana kept telling me about other girls who were better for me than her, but then did everything in her considerable power to keep me focused on her. This conversation had really turned awkward for me, so we made some more small talk and I said, "I need to study a bit—I've been busy, you know." 

"I do know," she said, laughing. 

"Can we have a last minute study session tomorrow afternoon—my final is Tuesday morning?" 

"Do you think that is a good idea?" I asked, feeling my cock begin to stir. 

"Just studying," she said. "I won't touch you, I promise." 

"O.K.," I responded—"be ready with some things you want to go over. My test ends at noon, so how about I come by at 1?" 

"See you then, and remember, you really want me to pass this test. "Really," she emphasized, dropping her voice into a sexy whisper. 

I felt a tingly feeling in my cock as my mind began to wander. 

"Bye," she said, and ended the call.

I studied for a while longer, had dinner, watched a little TV and went to bed early.

MONDAY

Finals at my school meant that you showed up for your test and then left. If you didn't have a test, you didn't have to go to school. I arrived a little before my test and went into the building. I was pleasantly surprised to see Natalie, talking to some friends. She looked pretty and I said, "hey" and asked to talk to her privately. She walked down the hall with me, and I said, "I'd really like to get to know you better, but tests start soon. I have a thing at 1—could we get a cup of coffee at the coffee shop at, say, 4?" 

She looked at me and seemed to be thinking it over. "O.K.," she said. "See you there at 4".

The test was no problem, and I finished early. Fred and Gina and I discussed the test with a few of our classmates, then went our separate ways. I texted Dana and told her I was done early, and asked if I could come over then. She agreed, so I headed over to her house. She let me in, and I realized that she was serious about this test. She was wearing a baggy t-shirt from State, as if to remind herself what was in the balance. In addition, she was wearing loose fitting pajama pants, and her dark hair was pulled back carelessly into a ponytail. It was as if she was doing everything in her power to hide her hotness so that we could focus on the work. Of course, she failed, because she still looked incredible to me and I wanted to rip her clothing off, but I appreciated her effort. 

However, being Dana, she said, "I look terrible, sorry," requiring me to respond, 

"No, you always look great to me."

She asked me if I had lunch, which I hadn't, so she made me a very bad ham sandwich, and we sat down to work. I was impressed that she had actually prepared questions and based on what I heard when we went over them, I told her, sincerely, that she definitely would pass the test, unless she froze up, so we went over a few sample questions, just to make her comfortable. She was as ready as she would ever be.

I suggested that she go over her notes one more time after I left, then stop studying, maybe watch TV for a bit, and go to bed early. She agreed. 

Then she said, "When are your next tests?" 

I told her I had two on Friday, and I was done. She told me that she had one on Wednesday morning and 2 on Friday, but she was ready for those. 

"So you are free on Wednesday afternoon and Thursday?" 

"Why?" I asked. 

"I'm going to convince Mr. Stone to grade my test right away and tell me if I passed—I need to know." 

"How will you get that guy to work any harder than he needs to?" I asked, knowing Mr. Stone to be a pretty lazy teacher (which also might have explained why Dana got so lost in his class). 

She looked at me as if I was an idiot. "You know how persuasive I can be. I'll show up for the test tomorrow wearing a short skirt and a very low cut shirt. I'll explain to him how important it is that I know my grade soon and how hard I've been working to pass, all while leaning over his desk and giving him a view that he will appreciate. Trust me, I won't even have to ask him--he will volunteer to grade the test right away." 

Her confidence in her abilities to manipulate men fascinated and also kind of scared me, especially because I had seen it work on me. 

"So, what does that have to do with my schedule?" I asked. 

"Well, if I pass, as you expect, you get to cash in on my promise." I started to feel warm, as I remembered her promise. "I would want to be with you on Wednesday, and trust me, you will not be in any shape to take a test on Thursday." 

My head began to whirl with lust, but I pulled myself together.

I think Dana liked toying with me this way, and I have to admit it was kind of a turn on to me. She said, "Assuming I pass, I promised you that I would really show you my appreciation, but not only for the physics, but for being a nice guy and a wonderful lover." I felt the blood rush to my face. "I want to focus totally on your pleasure; I won't want you to think about mine. So, just to prolong the agony a little," she said, laughing, "I'm going to give you two choices. Either you tell me what you want—your fantasies—with a couple of rules—it is just you and me, and no pain or humiliation allowed—or, if you trust me, and I hope that you pick this option, you let me choose the agenda." 

I thought about this, briefly. This was a no-lose proposition, unless my fantasies were not crazy enough, or were too crazy. I decided to go with what I knew she wanted me to say, and which I knew would be mind blowing. 

"You pick," I said. "I will place myself totally in your hands." 

She smiled and gave me that look that buckled my knees, confirming to me that I had chosen correctly. 

"Now," I said, "you need to study, and I need to leave." As I left, I realized that Dana had again successfully convinced me to do exactly what she wanted.

It was almost 4, so I went to the coffee shop. Natalie wasn't there, but I saw Fred and Emily sitting at a table, holding hands. I waved hello, then got my latte and sat down at an empty table. At 4:15, Natalie came in. She looked great, in a t-shirt and tight jeans. Very skinny, but with a gorgeous face, great legs and a small round butt. I wondered if her lateness was intentional, to try to get back at me for ditching her at the party, or whether she was just late. 
