 FRIDAY

I was up early for my last real day of high school. After that, all that was left was graduation on Tuesday. I still had to finish my speech, but I had the weekend to do that (I had to email it to the principal for approval on Monday). I got to school a little early and ran into Dana in the hall. I guess she didn't need any special favors from the teachers, because she was mostly dressed for comfort not coercion, but still looked pretty. My mind flicked through a few choice images from Wednesday, and I thanked her again for it and wished her luck on her tests. 

The first test was a little harder than I thought it might be, but, really, it didn't matter anymore. After the test, I saw Natalie in the hall and we talked a little about the tests. I confirmed that I would pick her up at 7:30 for dinner. She squeezed my arm and went off with some friends. I had an hour to kill before the next test, so I found Fred, who was with Emily, and Gina. We went for a slice of pizza, and discussed our next test. Emily was taking a different class, which we had taken the year before, and we gave her a few tips. She seemed bright, and very nice. It was all very friendly, and Fred and Emily really were cute together.

The second test was a piece of cake, and I finished early, as did Gina, and we left the test room together. I looked at her, thinking about what Dana and Sarah had said, and realized that she was cute, and that I was annoyed that there was this tension between us after all these years. But all I could say was, "piece of cake," and she agreed. 

"So, that's it, last test." 

"Yeah," she said. "Done with this place." 

I asked her if she had finished her salutatory speech, and she said it had been done for weeks. I admitted that I wasn't done, and was going to finish it over the weekend. We got into our cars and drove away.

When I got home, Dad and Sarah were packing the car with clothing, food and wine. He was wearing a new polo shirt and shorts and what looked like new sunglasses. He looked great, but was very nervous. Sarah and I tried to calm him down. He remembered to ask me about my tests, and congratulated me on finishing high school. Once the car was packed, he called Mrs. Angelo and drove away. Sarah and I went back into the house. 

"He's like a teenager," Sarah said. 

"This is a big deal for him," I said. 

"You know, he even asked me if I had a joint to give him."

"Did you?" I asked, surprised. 

"Yeah, why not?" she responded. "He told me that he hadn't smoked in years, but wanted to have it, just in case he needed it." 

"Oh, those zany grownups," I joked. 

Sarah laughed.

"Hey," she added, "aren't you done with high school now?" 

"I am, and I think I need a beer to celebrate," I said. 

Sarah got two, opened one for me and kept the other for herself. We talked about what we needed to do for her Saturday pool party, and she went up to shower because she was meeting Cara and Beth for dinner and drinks at Orlando's, because Ariel was working there, and always figured out a way for them to get a free drink or a discount on the bill. I had more time before my date with Natalie, so I let her go first. 

I got a text from Dad, saying that he had left some work documents that he might need, and if I could bring his briefcase out to the car. I heard him pull up, and went out to the car. He had picked up Mrs. Angelo, and I could see her in the car. She looked great, a mix of Ariel's color and Dana's body, mature and sexy. She was wearing a very low cut, tight shirt that showed off her still impressive rack. I sensed that Dad was going to have a great weekend, and not have time to review anything in the briefcase. We said goodbye, and he pulled away.

I showered and dressed to get ready to pick up Natalie. I drove over to her house, and she met me at the door, wearing all black, a short skirt that showed off her great legs and a tight black shirt that hugged her slim body and small, shapely breasts. We got into the car and made small talk as I drove to the restaurant. I had chosen Armando's, a nice, casual Italian restaurant, and we sat in a quiet booth in the corner and ordered. 

Natalie really looked beautiful, and we had a great time, talking and eating. I found out about her family. Her parents had had moved to the U.S. from Korea, although she was born in San Francisco, that they moved to our town last summer, right before school started, and how hard she worked studying the cello. 

I told her about my Mom, and my family, and random other things. She was clever and smart, and the conversation flowed. We occasionally touched during the meal, and it was not at all awkward. I was impressed that even though Natalie was very skinny, she ate like a normal person. We shared a dessert, and I paid the check. 

As we left, I put my hand on the small of her back lightly, just above her small, round butt, and she didn't resist. We got to the car, and I said, "I am having a good time, and don't want it to end—come back to my house and we can watch a movie." That being teenage code for "come back to my house and let's fool around." 

She looked at me as if sizing me up and said, "O.K." 

I drove her to my house, and it was, as I knew it would be, empty. "Would you like a beer?" I asked. 

"Your father lets you drink beer?" she asked. 

"Yes, as long as we aren't stupid," I said. "Dad pretty much wasn't around much for years after Mom died, so my older sister and I took care of ourselves." 

We sat on the couch and picked a comedy from last year that neither of us had seen. There was about 6 inches of couch between us, and I could tell that Natalie was nervous. I put my left hand on her thigh, and just rested it there, lightly. As the movie ran, she moved closer to me, and I took my hand off of her thigh and put my arm around her shoulders. She cuddled in and we sat like that, watching the movie. I decided to make my move, and bent my head down to kiss her, and she tilted up her face so that our lips met. He lips were firm, and our tongues flicked softly against each other. 

We kissed, passionately, for a while, the movie forgotten, and I began to stroke her back. I started to kiss her neck and ears, and she sighed happily. I put my right hand on her thigh and began to slowly move it up her leg until it was just under her short skirt. We were kissing, but when I moved my hand a little further up her leg, she pulled away. 

"I can't do this," she said, and moved away from me on the couch. I was sporting a pretty good hard on at this point, and was surprised, because things were going so well. 

"What did I do wrong?" I asked. 

"Nothing," she said, pulling her legs up on the couch and wrapping her arms around her knees. "It isn't you, it's me," she said. 

"What's the matter," I asked. 

She shook her head and looked like she was about to cry. I knew that I needed to be quiet and listen. Either she would tell me, or she would ask me to take her home. I turned the movie off. 

After what seemed like a few minutes, she said, "let me tell you why we moved here last year. We had lived for years outside of San Francisco, and I was happy. I had great friends and loved my school. I had an awesome cello teacher and was in a very prestigious youth orchestra." 

She paused, before continuing, "When I was a sophomore, I fell hard for a senior, a bass player. He was so cute, and seemed so nice, and we went out a few times. One afternoon, he convinced me to come to his house, and I'm not an idiot, so I knew what he expected. We went up to his room and started making out. One thing led to another, and I let him have sex with me. It was my first time and I was scared, and he wasn't particularly gentle and it hurt, mostly. And it was over quickly. I was so embarrassed, I left right away and took the bus home." 

"I'm sorry," I said. 

She wrapped her arms tighter against her knees. "But that wasn't the worst part. The guy had set his laptop up to take pictures of us, and he posted the pictures, of me naked, of him on top of me, and even of me, naked and crying, on Facebook. It was awful. I was a laughing stock at school. Somehow, I became the "bad sex slut." 

I was taunted by both boys and girls. My parents couldn't show their faces at church, and they were totally disappointed with me. We had to move and start fresh. My father was able to get transferred here, and here I am." 

She stopped, and sobbed. I tried to touch her, but she pulled away. She continued, "So, I have trust issues. You seem like a nice guy, and I do feel we have something, but you also have this weird thing with Dana going on, and I'm just not sure. I'm just not ready to do anything more than just make out at this point and I don't know when, if ever, I will be ready for more." 

I was totally stunned by this, and really had no clue what to do. Even with her mascara running, she was very pretty, and clearly hurting, and I wanted to make her feel better. I said some comforting stuff, which was not particularly useful, and asked if I could hold her. 

She said no, and asked me to drive her home, which I did, in silence, except for the radio. "Don't come out of the car," she said when we got to her house. She pecked me on the cheek and left the car, hurrying toward the door.

I drove home, both concerned about Natalie, and a bit frustrated after our making out session on the couch. I got home and went on Facebook. I saw that Fred was online, so I messaged him. 

"What's up?" 

He responded, "Hanging with Emily." How'd the date with Natalie go?" 

"Great at first, but when we started to make out, she told me a pretty rough story about her last boyfriend and made me take her home," I said, sugarcoating the story to protect Natalie. 

"Sorry, dude," Fred responded. "Emily says, 'hi" and that I have to pay attention to her." 

"Later" I wrote, and closed the message box.

About 15 minutes later, I got a text from Dana. "I hear you were left high and dry by Natalie." 

I responded, "Does Emily call you every five minutes with information?" 

"No, only when she has something she thinks I would want to know." 

"You are scary," I wrote back. 

"You must be frustrated," she wrote, "want some company? Unless I'm too scary." 

"Why not?" I responded, "Why don't you come over here." 

"On my way," she wrote back. 

I thought, the night shouldn't be a total loss....

Dana showed up shortly after, carrying her purse and a larger bag. She was wearing a v neck shirt that just gave me a peek at her cleavage, and jeans. "If you don't mind, I figured I'd stay over, since our parents aren't home anyway." 

"I guess I don't mind," I said, joking. "By the way, I wonder what they are doing now." 

"Well, I told my mother a few things that you like, so that she could try them on your dad." 

I looked at her, shocked. She broke out laughing and said, "Just kidding. That would be gross." Dana was not dressed up, but I still wanted to rip her clothing off and fuck her right there, maybe bend her over the dining room table and do her from behind. I probably would always want to do that, but she seemed in no rush. I guess there wasn't a rush.

"Can I get a beer?" she asked, so I got her one. I was done with mine from before, so I got another. We sat on the couch and snuggled. 

"So," she asked, "what's the deal with Natalie? Reluctant virgin?" 

"No, but I'd rather not say," I said coolly, "it's private." 

She put her hand on my cock and gave me that look. "You know that I could probably get you to tell me everything," she challenged. 

I admitted, "you are probably right, but please don't." 

"I was just kidding," she said, and took a swig of beer. 

"You are hysterical tonight," I responded. 

I found something on TV to watch, and we sat there, just watching. Dana turned to me and said, "My feet are killing me. You guys are lucky that you don't have to wear heels. Would you rub them for me?" 

"Of course," I said, and she moved to the end of the couch, putting her feet in my lap. 

I had never really noticed her feet before, considering there was so much other good stuff to pay attention to, but they were nice. I rubbed and kneaded at them while we watched TV, and she signaled to me when I was hitting good spots by moaning softly. After a while, she pulled her feet off my lap and asked if I wanted her to do the same to me. I slid down to the other end of the couch and swung my feet onto her lap. She reciprocated on my big feet, and it felt amazing. 

I was really enjoying this time with Dana; we were having a good time, without any pressure to have sex right away. I guessed this was what having a girlfriend was like and I liked it. I liked the fact that it felt more like we were equals and not like she was the hot girl allowing the nerd to have sex with her—she had gone out of her way to come to me, which she didn't need to do. And yet, I still knew that Dana was not my girlfriend, and never would be. But that didn't mean we couldn't enjoy each other's company in ways other than just in bed.

I started to fall asleep on the couch, and Dana woke me up. "Let's go upstairs," she said. She grabbed her bags and we went to my room. I pulled her shirt over her head and saw that she was wearing a white, lacy bra, which I removed. I bent down, and started kissing her warm, fragrant breasts. As I did so, she dropped her pants and stepped out of them. I pulled off my shirt as she undid my belt and unbuttoned and unzipped my shorts, which dropped to the ground. My boxers were tented over my hard on, and Dana pulled them down, releasing my cock. 

I stepped out of my shorts and pulled down her matching panties, so that she was also fully naked. I grabbed Dana around the waist and stood up, lifting her off the floor, and deposited her gently on the bed. I turned off the light, and we were in total darkness. I realized that we had always had some light on when we had sex, which I loved because it let me look at Dana's beautiful face and body. On the other hand, I realized that when she blindfolded me, I felt my other senses more keenly. I decided to leave the lights off this time. 

I found my way to the bed, and sensed where her body was. I put my hand out, and felt her breast. I rubbed it, first gently, then harder, and began to run my hands all over her body, spending extra time on her tits, her moistening vagina and clit. I gently stroked her face, and she sucked on my fingers. She reached out and found my hard cock, and began stroking it gently with her hands.

I lowered my face and found my nose on her flat, soft stomach. I could smell her sweet body smell, but also the muskiness of her pussy. I first kissed my way up until I got to the bottoms of her breasts. I paid attention to their texture and smell, the softness of her skin against my lips. I let my lips travel up until I felt the rougher, wrinkled skin of her nipple, and I teased it with my tongue and lips until it became hard in my mouth. I worked my way across her upper chest and down her other breast, again playing with her nipple. Dana reached for my head, and pressed it into her chest and I was overwhelmed by the smell and feel and taste of her. 

She kept touching my head as I continued down, kissing her underboob, and then down her torso to her hip bone. I moved left and stuck my tongue into her belly button. I inched downward, as her scent strengthened and I began to feel the soft skin above her pussy, with light stubble from where she had shaved. I pivoted my body over her leg, so that I was lying between her legs, with my face on her vulva. 

Dana bent her knees and spread herself open before me. I stuck my tongue into her, tasting the sweet metallic tang of her juices, which were flowing freely. I circled my tongue around her inner lips and she moaned with delight. I began to tease her clit, slowly at first, then faster and faster until she clamped her thighs around my head, and bucked up and down. I slowed my pace, and she opened her knees, I reached my hand up and stuck three fingers into her slick hole and began to wiggle them, while using my tongue to stimulate her clit. 

Dana was moaning with pleasure, pressing her hips upward. I removed my hand, and using her natural lubrication, stuck a finger part way into her ass. She relaxed her sphincter and I pressed the finger in further, wiggling it for effect. She gasped and arched her back, pressing her pussy against my flicking tongue. I then kneeled on the bed, and supporting her hips with my hands, rammed my cock deep into her. 

Her shoulders and feet were pressing against the bed, and her back was arched as I kneeled before her, pounding away with my steel hard cock. The position allowed me to get very deep inside her. I was impressed by the strength that she showed, keeping her back arched like that. I kept thrusting and rubbing her clit until she started to buck her hips faster and faster until she yelled out, "oh my god," and shook. I came with a rush right after, and she dropped to the bed. 

I was still between her legs, so I lowered my face to her belly, then went up and sucked on her hard nipples until she shuddered with what seemed like a small orgasm. I rolled off of her and reached under her with an arm, pulling her close to me. I fully expected her to start gearing up for another round, but instead, I felt her breathing slow and become deep and steady. Dana was asleep in my arms, and I followed soon after.

SATURDAY

I was half asleep, dreaming that Dana was giving me a blow job. It was an incredibly realistic dream, and I was worried that I would cum in my sleep. Then, I realized that it wasn't a dream. I opened my eyes, and saw the top of Dana's head bobbing up and down on my erect penis. I could see her beautiful tan breasts hanging down, shaking as she bobbed. 

I reached down and gently touched her hair. She looked up at me with my cock in her mouth and smiled. Then she let it slip out, and said, "good morning," flashing me that look, which was even more erotic considering that the was naked, in my bed, and blowing me. She started licking my cock, teasing the tip and gently stroking my balls. This was a far better way of waking up than an alarm clock. 

The pressure began to build inside me, and, having just been awakened, I had little ability to resist. My cock began to twitch and my hips began to buck. Dana decided to put me out of my misery, and stuck my cock deep into her mouth, swirling her tongue around until I came. She swallowed my load, then crawled on top of me, resting her head on my chest. I kissed her head and stroked her smooth back down to her round and beautiful ass. Her tits pressed against my chest as we lay there, quietly breathing in sync. I must have dozed back off, because I woke up with Dana still sleeping on top of me, a little drool leaking from her mouth onto my chest. Even so, she was hot.

I moved slightly, waking her up and she rolled off of my chest on to the bed. 

"Shower?" she asked, and I agreed. 

I looked out of the bedroom, and Sarah's door was still closed. We ran, naked, into the bathroom and I started the shower. We got in and felt the warmth of the water on our bodies. I started to soap Dana up, and rinsed the soap off of her spectacular body. In return, she soaped me up and rinsed me off. Not surprisingly, I became hard again. 

Dana faced me and lifted her right leg up until it rested on my shoulder. Again, her cheerleader flexibility amazed me. I was able to get my cock into her spread pussy, and we fucked, standing up, in that position until I came again. Dana cleaned herself again, and gently washed my cock and balls. I turned off the water and we left the shower, dried off and wrapped ourselves in towels to return to my room. 

As we dressed, I watched Dana's body disappear into her clothing. 
