 FRIDAY

At school on Friday, I continued to be greeted by more people who never previously acknowledged that I was alive, and I continued to be genial back. Fred tried to get more details from me about Dana, but I put him off with vague generalities. I was focused on putting into play my two ideas from the night before, plus trying to make up with Gina for whatever it was that I had done wrong and get her to come to the party.

I waited for Dana to walk by my locker, and called her over to speak. A week before, even if I had the guts to call her to my locker, she would have pretended not to hear. Yesterday, on the other hand, she asked me to fuck her and told me that she was thinking about me. But that is not why I wanted to speak with her, although I certainly didn't mind that everyone saw us talking—I needed her to work with me on the two plans.

"Hey, Jack, what's going on?" she asked, touching my arm.

"Not much," I responded. "But I have a couple of ideas I wanted to run past you."

She gave me her "sex look", which as usual flustered me a little, but I recovered and said, "No, not about that, at least not about us, I guess." She looked at me and waited. "O.K., so first, I was thinking—your mom and my dad should meet—maybe they would like each other, I mean, they are both single and kind of lonely."

Dana thought about it for a second. "Actually, that seems like a good idea. Let me ask Ariel what she thinks and if she likes the idea we can try to make it work."

"You know, I should discuss it with Sarah, too."

"O.K., what's the other idea?" she asked.

"This is sort of a reciprocation thing," I started, keeping my voice low. "My friend Fred, you know, until last week, we could commiserate about being 18 year old virgins. But now I'm not, and I know he is jealous."

"What do you want me to do?" she asked skeptically, "fuck him?"

"No, no, no," I responded. I really hated that idea. I continued, "But what about Emily? Do you think that she would agree to sort of continue the 'pay it forward' thing?" I asked.

Dana chuckled. "So Ariel was your first, then I asked you to be Emily's, then we ask Emily to be Fred's?" I like it. I'll ask her later. Based on how much she enjoyed her first time with you, I'm guessing she would be up for it."

"Great," I responded—"let's talk later."

"O.K., she said. "And same time tonight for tutoring?" she asked, giving me that look again. "Just me, this time, by the way."

"Sure," I stammered.

She turned, and I watched her awesome ass as it glided down the hall.

At lunch, I nearly begged Gina to join Fred and me at our table, and she finally did, but she was still distant. I talked up Dana's party, as a chance for us to finally go to the kind of party we had never been invited to. Fred was totally up for it, but Gina just said, "Why would I want to hang out with those morons?"

"Because we could have a few beers and have some fun. Maybe not be so judgmental all the time," I responded.

"You're just saying that because you are fucking Dana," she snapped.

"If that were true, then I would just go—why would I care so much if my friends came? I want us all to enjoy the end of high school. We got into our colleges. We have our class ranks. We did the work and paid the price. Now, we can relax and go a little crazy."

Gina thought about it. "O.K. You make a good point. I'll go to your party and see if is worth the trouble."

At the end of the day, I was walking to my car, and heard Dana calling my name. I turned, and she was with Emily. I walked back to them and Emily said, "Dana told me your idea, and, you know, I'm in."

"That's great, you can't imagine how happy he will be."

Emily smiled at me. "Actually, I can," she responded, and it was my turn to smile.

"Three things, though," I said. "Please don't let him know that we had sex, or that we planned this. And try to make it look natural."

She responded, "Makes sense to me."

"See you later," I said to them and went to my car.

I did a little studying, then took a swim. After showering and dressing, I came downstairs, and Sarah was watching TV, with her laptop on her lap. I told her my idea about Dad and Mrs. Angelo, and she told me that she would talk to Dad and try to get him to call her. I told her that Dana was going to discuss it with Ariel, and that I'd let her know what they thought.

I went off to Dana's house, and she told me that Ariel thought my idea was a good one, so I texted Sarah and encouraged her to talk to Dad. Then, we got right to studying. Dana really had come a long way. Which was good, because the final was on Tuesday. She never would be a physics expert, but from virtually zero, she was regularly getting about three quarters of the questions right, which would be more than good enough to pass and keep her scholarship.

We worked hard for a couple of hours before reaching the point of diminishing returns, so we stopped.

"It's Friday, you know," she said.

"Meaning?" I asked.

"Meaning that most normal people don't study late on Friday."

"Are you going out?" I asked.

"No, not tonight," she responded. "How about we do something?"

Really? I thought, and tried to be cool, so I asked, "O.K., so what do you want to do?"

"Let's have a beer and chill," she suggested.

Although I was anxious to get to the fooling around part, I agreed, and we popped a couple of bottles and drank, sitting next to each other on the couch, watching TV.

I noticed that despite the fact that she was wearing loose clothing, her breasts were moving freely, as if she was braless. I was so turned on just by sitting next to her that I wanted to grab her and kiss her. But if she had wanted to, she could have taken me upstairs, like the last times. I wasn't sure what was going on, but I sat there, trying to gauge her intentions.

She turned to me and said, "Thanks so much for everything. I really feel like I'm going to pass this thing. And I actually am starting to enjoy it."

"No problem," I said smiling, "I've enjoyed this, too." There was an awkward silence. I decided to take the bull by the horns, despite the risk. "What are we? I enjoy spending time with you. You must know I am unbelievably attracted to you, and the sex is amazing," I blurted out. I couldn't believe I said it.

Dana looked at me tenderly. "You deserve better than me," she said, softly.

"Are you kidding?" I responded. "You are perfect."

She shook her head. I took a swig of beer.

"Look," she said, "you are so smart, so interesting, and you deserve a girl who can keep up with your mind, and give you the physical things you want, too. I can't do all of that that and you know it."

Although I could see her point, I refused to agree.

"No, that's not true at all," I exclaimed.

She smiled at me, took a drink, and said, "Someday, and it could be soon, or not, you are going to find that girl. And maybe I will find a guy who is the one for me, but, I have to admit that I enjoy your company, and, yes, the sex is amazing."

I smiled at the thought that Dana said that about me, although I still wasn't sure where this was going.

"So?" I asked.

She took another swig of beer and said, "So, here's my thinking—we can still hang out, be friends and, yeah, screw as much as we want, but it isn't an exclusive thing. And if either of us needs to end it to be with someone else, it ends, with no hard feelings. What do you think?"

What did I think? I thought it was a pretty sweet deal.

"That works for me," I said. "Kind of a friend with benefits deal, right?"

"Exactly," she said. "And how about we explore some of those benefits now?"

She kissed me and I could taste the beer on her lips. We made out on the couch for a while, and I could feel my cock rising. Dana bent down and kissed it through my shorts, then took my hand and led me up the stairs to her bedroom.

She quickly removed her t-shirt, shorts and panties, as I also got undressed. I got the same rush that I always did when I saw Dana naked. She was really perfect. All of her curves were in the right place, and were exactly in the right proportions. Her breasts were firm and hung alluringly, with upward pointing nipples. Her belly was flat, with some muscular definition, and her hips were round, her ass was tight and round and her legs were well proportioned. And her neatly trimmed pubic hair completed the picture beautifully.

We got into bed and kissed. It was very comfortable. The nervousness I felt the first few times was gone—and our talk cleared the air. Bottom line—she liked me, I liked her, and we liked fucking each other. There was no subtext. I could just enjoy the moment with her. We were lying on our sides, pressing against each other and kissing and rubbing. My hard cock pressed against her abdomen and I stroked her smooth back and ass.

We lay there, exploring each other with our hands and mouths and I enjoyed the intimacy, not to mention the way she felt in my arms. After a while, Dana lifted her right leg, and reached down to slide my rigid member into her well lubricated hole. I pressed forward so that my full length was inside her. We squeezed together tightly, her right leg over my thigh, clutching my lower body and her tits pressed against me, nipples hard. We didn't move for some time, then, I slowly began to withdraw my cock and then press it forward. We rocked together in this position. There was minimal pumping, the pleasure came from the pressure of our lower bodies against each other.

Without withdrawing, I rolled Dana over on her back, and she bent her knees and pressed her ass up off the bed as I moved onto my knees. She arched her back and kept her hips aloft as I began to ram my hard cock into her exposed pussy. I appreciated her cheerleader's strength and agility as she maintained this awkward position that allowed me to pound her deeply. I started to rub her clit as I fucked her, and her body began to quiver.

She lowered her ass to the bed and began to writhe under me, meeting my thrusts and gasping for breath. We went on, faster and faster until I could hold out no longer. She yelled and I could feel her vaginal muscles tighten around my cock, as we both came together. I fell on top of her beautiful chest; my head nestled in the crook of her neck, and I drank in her smell. I then rolled off, and held Dana in my arms until she looked at the clock and realized that her mother would be home soon. We cleaned up and dressed, and went back downstairs.

She offered me another beer, and we turned on a movie and sat on the couch, drinking in silence, Dana leaning her head against my arm.

Mrs. Angelo came in a few minutes later, smiling. She came into the living area and said, "Funny that you are here, Jack, I just got off the phone with your father."

"Really?" I replied, "Why?"

"He called me up out of the blue and asked me out to dinner tomorrow night."

"That's great," I responded. "He's a good guy."

"Did you guys have anything to do with this?" she asked, although she probably knew the answer.

Dana answered, "Yeah. Jack and I have been spending time together lately, and we thought that the two of you would get along. Ariel and Sarah agreed, so here we are."

Mrs. Angelo smiled and said, "I guess a kick in the butt from your kids isn't a terrible thing. I said yes, by the way—so I won't be here for your party tomorrow. I hope you don't mind."

Dana responded, "You have fun, and don't worry about us, we will be fine."

"I'll ask Ariel to stick around in case you need anything," Mrs. Angelo responded and went to her room.

Dana reached out her beer and clinked it against mine. "Wouldn't it be funny," she started, if my mother and your father...." She trailed away before saying something that neither of us was really ready to visualize. Dana cuddled into me while we watched the movie but sat up when the door opened. Ariel came in. She was dressed up and looked hot, and was a little drunk.

"Good to see you two getting along," she said, a bit loudly.

Dana responded, "So, where have you been?"

"Out at the bars. They are filled with douchebags who think that buying one drink for a girl is a ticket into her pants. A couple of my friends found guys they liked, at least for the night, but I'm not going to take that crap anymore. Any guy who wants me is going to have to treat me right. Like you, Jack." Without waiting for a response, she turned, wobbling in her heels, and made her way unsteadily up the stairs.

It was peaceful again, and we sat quietly, watching the movie until it ended. I got up to leave and said, "See you tomorrow."

She looked at me and said, "Just so you know, if I pass this test on Tuesday, I am really going to show you my appreciation. You won't know what hit you."

She kissed me good night and I left for home, my mind spinning as I pondered the possibilities.

SATURDAY

Saturday was a warm, sunny day. I slept late, then woke up, took a swim and had breakfast. Dad got up, had breakfast and went out to get his hair cut, presumably for his date with Mrs. Angelo. About noon, Sarah got out of bed and came downstairs.  

"How did you get him to call Mrs. Angelo?" I asked.

"I can be pretty convincing," she said. "Seriously, I told him that it was crazy that he hadn't been out with a woman since mom died, that Mrs. Angelo was nice and really pretty, and that he would be an idiot if he didn't ask her out."

I looked at her as she continued.

"He argued with me for a bit, but I told him it was your idea, and he remarked that you seemed so much happier since you had what he called 'female companionship', so he finally agreed. I told him to do it right away, before he got cold feet, so he did. And she said yes. Now, he seems excited and a little goofy."

Dad came home, looking well trimmed, then spent about a half hour with Sarah picking out clothes to wear. Then, he told us that he had to run to the office for a couple of hours, but would be home well in time for the date. Sarah scolded him and threatened to kill him if he was late, and he left with a bounce in his step.

Sarah then told me that she was meeting Beth and Cara at the mall, and then they were going to grab dinner and go out. She wished me luck at the party, and told me that she had made an appointment for me to get a haircut at 4, not at my usual barber, but at her salon, threatened to tell Dana a bunch of embarrassing stories about me if I missed it, and reminded me, surprisingly, not to drink and drive.

I was home alone, and decided to do a little homework and go on line. I was surprised when the doorbell rang. And even more surprised when I saw Ariel, wearing a long t-shirt and sandals. I told her that Sarah had gone to the mall with Beth and Cara, but she told me she knew that, and she was here to see me. Confused, I asked why, and she replied, "Remember what I said about douchebag guys last night? I realized that you were not a douchebag, and that you could satisfy my, you know, needs."

I was, as I had been so often the last week or so, dumbfounded by the fact that beautiful women were asking me to have sex with them.

She continued, "I realized that I was going to be stuck alone tonight at Dana's party, where everyone except me would be hooking up. Including probably you and Dana. Cara told me that you were not adverse to a 'booty call', and I figured I'd come here, since I knew that Sarah was out, and your father is never home anyway."

I continued to say nothing. She pulled off the t-shirt and was wearing a very skimpy bikini that showed off her broad shoulders and firm tits attractively, not to mention her strong legs. I felt myself stiffening at the sight of her beautiful body.

"Oh, and if you care, I told Dana what I was doing, and she told me to go for it—she told me about your talk the other day, and I would never go after another girl's guy, especially my sister's." She stepped closer to me, pulled me toward her and kissed me, her breasts pressing against my chest.

"Let's go swimming," she said. "It's hot."

We went to the pool and she jumped in and started swimming laps. I took off my shirt, jumped in and did a lap. When I finished and came to the surface, Ariel was standing there, topless, her pale, beautiful breasts glistening in the sunlight. I swam over to her under water and surfaced so that my face came up between her tits, and I began to suck them, not caring that they tasted of chlorine. She reached down and removed her bottom, so that she was fully nude.

I could see her tan lines, landing strip and her sweet ass under the water. I removed my swimsuit, and my cock was hard, despite the cool water. We held each other close, the warmth of our bodies counteracting the chill of the water. Ariel's nipples were rock hard against my chest, and I pressed my cock between her legs. I reached down and began to finger her softly, and heard her moan with pleasure. She spread her legs and allowed them to float up, and I was able to maneuver my cock into her warm hole.

She wrapped her legs around my waist and pulled me all the way in. I pushed gently off of the bottom of the pool so that were floating, locked together. We floated toward the shallower end of the pool, and I put my feet down. Ariel held the back of my neck and kept her legs wrapped around me while I held her back. I walked us toward the pool wall and leaned back against it, still feeling some pain as the rough pool wall scraped against my scars. She let her legs down until they hit the pool floor, and began using her leverage to thrust her hips against me, while I braced against the side of the pool.

Ariel wrapped her legs around me again, let go of my neck and lay back on the water. I gaped at her flawless body lying in front of me, then grabbed her hips and floated her back and forth over my rod, as she flexed her legs in time. We speeded up gradually, until Ariel lurched up and I felt her internal muscles tighten around my cock, which set me off, and I came hard inside her. She unwrapped her legs from around me, then went under water and stuck my softening cock in her warm mouth and began to suck until I was hard again. She surfaced and led me to the stairs in the shallow end of the pool.

"Sit down," she directed.

I sat on the lowest step, so that the water was up to my lower chest. Ariel sat down, straddling me and facing away from me, and used her hand to put my partially hardened cock inside her. I braced myself with my hands against the rough steps behind me and she began to raise her hips up and down, pressing her back against my chest and splashing as she moved. The alternating coolness of the water and the warmth of her pussy drove me crazy, and I leaned back against the scratchy concrete stairs and Ariel pushed back against me, still driving her ass and hips against my cock.

I put my left hand on her right breast, and the coldness of the water caused the nipple to become hard, and I played with it, making her moan. I took my right hand and began rubbing her clit. She began to buck uncontrollably on my lap, until I came inside her again, and then she yelled out, and sat up violently. She dove under the water as my cum streamed out of her and off of my cock. I guessed that I would need to clean the pool at some point.

Ariel turned back under water, and I watched her powerful back and beautiful ass as it came toward me. She stood up in the shallow water, with water streaming off of her hair, her tits and her pussy. It was magnificent, and I told her so. She smiled and started to walk out of the pool, leaning down to kiss my head as she did. I grabbed playfully at her tits, but she squirmed away and exited the pool.

Luckily, we had some towels out there, and Ariel started to dry off. I came out of the pool, and she began to dry me off, and I grabbed a towel and started on her. We put on our now dry swimsuits and returned to the empty house. Ariel grabbed her things, gave me a kiss, said that she needed to get home to change for work before the party and left the house.
