 She walks through the bar, drawing looks from most of the men. Long brown hair, beautiful brown eyes and the sexiest swagger I every saw on a woman. Wearing the usual hipsters and a t-shirt with Tweety Pie on the front, she spots me and wanders over. 

"Hi baby," she says as she sits down and smiles. 

We start the usual small talk. Work, clubbing, old friends, etc then she hits me with the bombshell. "My boyfriend's away for a week on a course." 

My hopes shoot to the sky, but I try to play it cool, "Oh yeah? That's cool. My wife and kid are at her parents for the week." 

Her left hand lands on my leg and starts lightly stroking my inner thigh.

"Well, why are still waiting here? My car's outside, let's go back to my place." 

I down my drink quickly and we start to leave. She's parked around the back of the pub in an alley where we've had some very hot sessions in the past. 

As soon as we're out of sight from the main road, I push her up against the wall and start kissing her. Her tongue darts in and out of my mouth as her hands move to my head. I begin to stroke her back, running my fingers across the back of her ass while starting to kiss her ears and neck. 

"Ohhhh," she moans. "That's nice." 

Before it gets hotter, I pull away. 

"Let's get you home." 

Looking a bit flustered she smiles. 

"Not yet," as she grabs me and pulls in again. 

As we kiss, she takes my hand and pushes into her trousers.

"Feel how wet I am," she whispers sweetly in my ear. 

I push two fingers straight into her pussy and she moans aloud, "Oh fuck baby, oh fuck yes." 

Her pussy is soaking wet and I can't believe how hot she is. I keep two fingers moving in and out. 

She goes to stop me. I resist. I want to look into her face as she comes. 'It won't be long' I tell myself. I hold both of her hands up above her. I begin to kiss her neck and lick her lips. When she comes, she screams my name. After her release, she rests her head on my shoulder. I pull my fingers out from her pussy as she looks at me. 

"This is going to be a long, wet night." 

I put the fingers into my mouth tasting her, "You fucking better believe it sweet cheeks."

She has Eminem's greatest hits playing as we drive to her house. We both just stare out into the road thinking about what's coming. We have sex lot but it's the first time at her place and it will be the first time I wake up next to her. I'm not sure which I'm looking forward to the most. 

We arrive and I ask if there's a shop close by. I tell her that we something special to drink. She points me in the right direction and says that while I am gone she is going to freshen up. 

The shop is a general store that tries to sell everything. I buy two bottles of champagne, a tub of ice cream, and a pair of stockings. I know she has stockings but I'm going to tie her up with these. I make my way back to her place. I knock on the door. She answers wearing a silk dressing gown, stockings and high heels. 

She leads me into the living room where I sit down on the sofa. 

"Make yourself at home baby," as she wanders to the kitchen to get some glasses and a spoon. 

She comes back and puts on some music. 

"So what do have in mind?" Picking up the stockings and giggling, "I've got some on!"

"These are for going around you're hands." 

"Mmmm. Sounds interesting," she purrs. 

We continue with more small talk and get through a bottle of the champagne. 

She gets up and heads to the kitchen, coming back with the other bottle of champagne. While she was away, I moved one of her dining chairs into the middle of the room. She comes back and stands in front of me. She just smiles as she disrobes and shows off her full glory. Fish net stockings and high heels are all she wears now. Her pussy is already a bit wet and she moves to sit astride. 

"Wait."

"What?"

"Sit down on the chair and put you hands behind the back." 

Then she gets it, she sits down and looks up at me. Christ she looks fucking beautiful. I use the stockings to tie her hands and legs to the chair. 

I then take the silk belt from her robe and wrap it around her head across her eyes so she can't see. I start behind the chair, crouching down, and start licking her fingers. She moans with pleasure. I lick and suck every finger then decide I need a drink. I take the bottle of champagne and have a swig. 

I then pour some over her chest. She shrieks with delight mixed with the shock. I start to lick it all off, her nipples are rock hard and taste great. I start to lick her body across her belly, which is very sensitive. 

She keeps moaning, "Ahhh baby, yes baby..." My tongue moves down to her thigh and down to her toes, back to her belly button. 

"Please lick my pussy. Please baby, please," 

I smile and dive straight in. 

"Mmmm," she moans. 

I take the champagne and pour it over her clit. My tongue runs up and down pussy in and out over and over again. 

"Oh god. Oh god. Oh god," 

She starts squirming as I put a finger into her pussy then push one into her ass. I keep my tongue licking all over her clit till, for the second time tonight, she comes in floods. 

"Ahhhhh fuck!" is all I heard her scream.

Her head drops and I get up and untie her. She stands up and takes off her blindfold. 

"That was amazing baby, your turn now," she smiles. 

I sit in the seat still damp from her juices and champagne. She quickly ties my hands and legs the way I tied hers. I ask about the blindfold but she likes to be watched. 

She moves to the kitchen and comes back with the ice-cream. She smiles and put some in her mouth and starts to kiss my chest. It's cold and hot at the same time but feels great. She knows me well so moves straight to my cock. 

I have had a rock hard cock for over an hour so it would be long till I erupt. She licks the head over and over like it's a lollipop.

"Yeah baby. Suck my balls," I moan. 

She smiles and takes one of my balls into her mouth. Licking and slurping away she takes another spoonful of ice-cream and starts sucking my cock all the way into her mouth. Her heads bobs up and down keeping a great rhythm. All the time she's looking straight at me. 

"Yeah baby, mmmmm," is all I could get out at that moment of pleasure. 

She takes one of her fingers and starts teasing my asshole. Rubbing it and gently pushing her finger in. As her finger moves in, I come in an explosion. She keeps looking at me as she I fill her mouth full of juice, then moves up and kisses me. My own juice spills out of her mouth and into mine and drips between us. 

"Fucking amazing baby."

She unties me and since we're sticky with ice-cream and champagne I suggest a shower. We wash each other and have a slow, long wet kissing session. The water rolling over us feels great and refreshes us both. I attempt to put a finger in her pussy.

"No. Let's go to the bedroom," she whispers in my ear.

She leads me to her bed and instructs me to lie with my back on the bed and she goes straight to my cock. Her lips feel great wrapped around me. My hands move through her hair and grip her head she looks and grins "fuck my head" then closes her mouth round my cock. 

I start to buck my hips so most of my cock fills her mouth. I keep going for her head moving along my cock her eyes never leaving mine. I want to taste her again so I tell her to get on her hands and knees. 

She looks over her shoulder and spreads her pussy. 

"Lick me baby, lick my pussy good." 

I run my tongue over her pussy and she moans again "Oh god. Oh god." 

I spread her ass cheeks and start licking her puckered asshole. This drives her wild. 

"Oh baby, that sooooo gooooood." 

I start fingering her pussy again while I continue to lick her ass. 

"Stop it and fuck me," she pleads. 

Who am I to argue! I move behind her and enter for the first time tonight. Slowly I move in and out, her head pushed into a pillow silencing her moans and screams. Her ass is a great cushion for me and I start to pick up the pace. Harder and harder I bang, her moans getting louder and louder. 

I want to see her so I change position. I lie back again and she sits astride me. We start to at it again her bouncing up and down; her eyes closed her hands running through her moaning say my name. I reach up a start teasing her nipples with one hand and put a finger into her mouth to suck. 

I feel myself starting to come and cry out, "YESSS!" 

As I scream, I explode inside her. She comes at the same time biting on my finger and collapsing on top of me. 

We lie their ages just enjoying each others warmth not speaking then she moves off of me and cuddles in. 

"That was fucking amazing baby." 

"To right sweet cheeks, to right."

We fall asleep in each others arms. 

In the morning I feel her stirring. 

"Good morning," she says sleepily. "That was a special night last baby, but I'm sure you will want to stick around until later tonight."

My interest picks up and I'm fully awake "Why?"

"My friend Cathy is coming and were both going to fuck your brains out." 

To be continued...