 David and Julie walked the streets of their town late at night, returning home from a night out with friends. Their hands were stuffed inside the pockets of their coats and steam escaped their mouths and noses as they moved through the cold. Rows of townhouses passed by them on the sidewalk, a few lights lit inside each one. There was one home they always loved to pass with a dimly lit underground kitchen that could be seen through its street-level windows. They wondered aloud what had been cooked for dinner that night. 

"It's cold," she said.

"We're almost home," he said. 

"I think we should cuddle when we get in bed."

"We always cuddle."

"You know what I mean."

He held her hand.

They arrived at their doorstep and she watched David fumble a little with the keys. He was a good foot taller than her with a larger build. His hair was long and dark with a curl he always flattened out by pulling back into a ponytail. She wished he would stop that and let the curl do its thing naturally. Maybe a haircut was in order. 

His eyes caught her analyzing him and he threw her a stare that made her smile. She liked the way his brow formed over his eyes. They walked inside their home and removed their coats. David took hers and hung it on the coat rack by the door. She kissed him once for that. 

"Do you want something hot to eat?" Julie said.

David winked at her and gave her a grin. Julie gave him a friendly slap on the arm and said, "You know well and fine what I mean. I was going to make some popcorn."

"Sure," David said. "Do you want to watch a movie?"

David looked through the door of the living room over at the 42" Samsung HD LCD TV that took pride of place in front of the sofa. He felt his heart skip a beat as he gazed upon its well-shined plastic casing.

"Hey," Julie said, hitting him a little harder this time. David's head spun to her with a wide grin as she said, "You know sometimes I think you love that TV more than me."

"Oh don't be silly," David said as he picked Julie up in his arms making her squeal. "You know I love you both equally," he said sticking his tongue out at her.

"You bastard!" She yelled and started to kick at him with her legs as he held her up in his arms. Unfortunately, her knees were at perfect height and caught him good between the legs. David's face screwed up into a twisted mask of pain as he gently put Julie down, then he collapsed backwards onto the floor holding on to his manhood.

"I'm really sorry," Julie laughed.

"Oh you will be," he said.

"I really didn't mean it."

"I was only kidding about loving you both equally you know," David said rolling backwards and forwards on the floor.

"Can you make it to the couch? If you can get to the couch, go and lay down there, and I'll make everything better after I get changed upstairs. Can you get to the couch?"

"Yes, I think so."

"Ok," Julie said, stepping over him. "I won't be long." And then she headed off upstairs.Once in their bedroom, Julie stripped down to nothing and threw her clothes in the wash basket. It felt good to take everything off and get comfortable. She walked across the hall into the bathroom and called down to David. 

"Would you mind getting the popcorn ready?"

"You told me to stay on the couch."

"But by the time I've showered, it'll be ready. And then we can see about your little injury." 

She turned the water on and let it warm up for a few seconds. Stepping into the tub, she pulled the lever and closed her eyes. The water came down on her and she turned around to cover her whole body in the warmth. 

"This is heaven," she thought. 

She couldn't smell any popcorn popping, so she figured he was either being lazy, or was nursing a bigger injury than she thought. Just as she picked up the soap, the curtain flew back to reveal David smiling in the nude and holding his cock. 

"What are you doing in here?" she said.

"Making popcorn."

She blinked at him, whilst trying to cover her exposed body. 

"This isn't popcorn," she said.

"Not yet," he said, methodically moving his thumb over his growing erection. 

"Does it still hurt?" she said.

"A little."

"Want me to kiss and make it better?" she said, putting the soap down and moving closer to him. 

She put her soapy hand over his and moved it aside so that she could get a good grip on his cock. Her hand was slick from the suds and this made it easier for her to slide her hand up and down his shaft. He let out a sigh and stood there, watching what was happening to him. The water was still coming down on her from one side but she didn't let it deter her from her task. Julie brought her other hand to his hot, fleshy balls and began to slowly play with them while she continued to rub his cock back and forth with her fingers. 

"Starting to feel better?" she asked.

"Mhm."

As she rubbed, some soap managed to drip down the inside of his leg and fall to the floor. Not wanting to make a mess, she pulled his arm and coaxed him into the shower with her. He stood in front of her, facing the showerhead. She let the water wash away the soap that was dripping down his body, and ran her hands over his legs and his groin to clean him up nicely. 

David bent his head down and kissed her lips softly, then let his tongue slide into her mouth and dance around hers. His hands were on her shoulders and started to slowly move down her wet body, round and down the small off her back, and onto her ass. He let the tips of his fingers find the inward curve of her cheeks and slowly slide them between her ass, moving down over her hole and round towards the back of her pussy. He moved the tip of his forefinger gently over her pussy, feeling her wetness, then brought his hand up and ran his finger over her lips and kissed her again, tasting her sweet juice on her. Julie continued to move her hand up and down, ever so slowly, teasing him harder and harder.

"Put your finger inside yourself," he whispered.

Julie kept one hand on his shaft and moved her other down, letting the tip of her finger slicken on the outside of her pussy before moving her finger inside herself. As she did, she felt his cock twitch a little as he became even more aroused by what she was doing. They were kissing again as she used both hands, one on him, one on herself, pulling his cock forward to her and rubbing the tip of it against her clit as she fingered herself. He moved his hand back down her back again and worked his way between her cheeks with his fingers as she moved his cock against her. He found the hole and began to gently tease the outside with his finger, ever so slowly.

"You are such a dirty boy, aren't you," she said with a grin as she slipped her finger out of her pussy and brought her hand up to his mouth, giving him her taste to suck on. "Lets get dried and into the bedroom and we shall see what I can do to keep up with that filthy mind of yours."

Julie turned off the water and pulled the curtain back. Two clean towels hung on a rack by the shower. They both climbed out of the bath and reached for them to dry their bodies. David unfolded one and wrapped it around Julie like a cloak, rubbing her arms and shoulders attentively. She took hold of her towel and bent down to dry her hair with it as David admired her ass and began drying himself. 

He was still aroused, as Julie could see. She softly towel dried his erection and reached up to kiss him. Julie loved the way his mouth felt against hers. It triggered a warmth between her legs that made her want to kiss him longer and harder. But she backed down and let him towel dry his hair. 

"All this drying is making me wet," she said.

"Oh?" he said. "We can work with that." 

He put his hands to her waist and brought her to him. With his lips placed on hers, he ran his tongue lightly against them, dipping his fingertip into her pussy. 

She made a small noise indicating pleasure as he moved his finger in little circles and withdrew. She broke the kiss, took hold of his finger and slowly brought it into her mouth. Her tongue circled his finger and lapped up her taste. Then she slid it back out. They moved into the bedroom, leaving their towels on the bathroom floor.

"Come here," he cooed. 

She came to him and he picked her up and cradled her in his arms. Their mouths met once more and she wrapped her arms around his neck. She loved to massage the back of his neck and play with his hair as they kissed. His mouth was warm and his tongue was soft, and their tongues played lightly against each other. 

David moved to the bed and broke their kiss for a moment to place Julie on top of their cozy duvet. She pulled the covers back and leaned against the pillows as he climbed in bed and under the duvet after her. 

"Love you," she said.

"Love you, too," he said. 

They kissed once to confirm their spoken affections. Then Julie smiled a devious smile and moved away to the end of the bed with her arms outreached.

"Come here," she cooed. 

He moved the duvet aside and looked at her, quizzically. Not objecting to her wishes, he came to her and sat on the edge of the bed with her. She kissed his mouth and then his neck, his collarbone and then his chest. David sighed and closed his eyes for a moment as he soaked up the warmth of her mouth on his body. His eyes suddenly became wide as he felt her hand on his cock. She had moved to the floor and was kneeling in front of him. Her nails lightly ran the length of his thigh as she returned him to his hardened state. He watched her from above and waited to feel what he knew was coming next. 

Her wet tongue stroked the tip of his cock, making it twitch. She circled around the head and brought her lips down around it. Her mouth slid down upon his cock as she covered the base of his shaft with her hand. She moved the skin forward and backward inside her grip, lapping up his taste with her tongue. His cock felt warm inside her mouth. She enjoyed the way the skin around the tip of his shaft could be played with and sucked on so easily. The smoothness of his head and the tiny hole at its center remained her favorite part of him to tease frantically with her tongue. He was soft yet very firm, and laid against her tongue like a lollypop she didn't want to stop sucking on. 

The more she worked his cock, the wetter and hungrier her pussy became. David placed his hand on the back of her head, guiding her mouth closer to the base of his cock. He caressed her back with his other hand as she went down on him. She took her hand from his shaft and rested her arms against the mattress for better support. He pushed her head slowly further down on his shaft and she opened her jaw wider to make sure she didn't gag. As she realized how far down on him he had pushed her, she made sure to close her lips tight around him and move her head back up. This made him groan a little. Her hands moved to grip his ass as she continued to work on his cock. She liked to hear his moans and grunts as her head slid up and down his erection. So she moved her head down and closed her lips around his base before moving back up again. 

"Unh," he breathed.

She continued in this pattern for about half a minute until David pulled her legs around towards him and over his chest to where he could get a good look at her wet pussy. She still had him in her mouth as he slowly moved his finger up and over her slit, working her wetness onto his finger so he could gently slide it inside of her. He let his tongue come out and move up to feather across her most sensitive spot, coating it with his saliva, swirling his tongue around and around whilst slowly increasing the pressure. He heard her moan and the vibrations from her throat traveled through his cock making him twitch in her mouth. David pulled his finger our, savouring the sight, and then began slowly licking up and down, getting her sweet taste all over his tongue and lips, god how he loved that taste.

She began working her hips so her pussy moved up and down on her tongue as he let it slide inside her. His hands came up and grabbed both cheeks of her ass as she pushed up and down against them. She continued to bob her head up and down in a steady wet rhythm on his cock. Her right hand moved up to take him by the base and she began working him faster and faster, she could feel him throbbing in her mouth but she didn't want him to come just yet, she knew his body and knew how to work him up to his peak before slowing it down to prolong the enjoyment of the act.

David worked his tongue in and out, relishing the taste of her, feeling her getting wetter in his mouth. He lifted up his right hand and then slapped it down on her ass with a satisfying smacking sound that pushed her down hard onto his face, again he heard her moan with her lips tight around his cock so that the sound traveled in a wave through him.

She slowed her rhythm, relaxing her grip with her hand, and began to move her head down less and less until all she was working on was the head with her tongue. Then with one final lick Julie began to move forward on all fours, moving off him and further down the bed but so that he still had the same view from behind. She let her ass wiggle a little and then felt him shift up from the bed onto his knees. She held her breath as the head of his cock moved across her, his hands on her ass, pulling her pussy just so slightly open, and then moving in ever so slow, inch by inch, until he was fully inside her.

Julie exhaled. David pressed himself against her ass and stayed like that for a few seconds. She relaxed her muscles and opened herself fully to him as her juices began to flow more readily. He withdrew slightly and then slid forward, withdrew again then pushed forward until his cock was coated in her juices. 

He pumped her slowly and steadily like a well-oiled machine, swirling his hips when fully inside. Her breathing deepened, his heart rate quickened. Her ass was warm and soft. And her pussy held his cock tightly as he pulled himself from between her legs and then pushed himself back inside. She moaned as his strokes became faster and harder. The sounds of their skin slapping against each other drove her wild. 

"Oh, fuck," she whispered. 

She put her fingers up to her clit and began to rub herself back and forth as David fucked her from behind. David became more aroused as he watched her play with herself. He gripped her ass cheeks, ramming his cock in and out of her with increasing speed. 

"Rub my clit, baby," she said, her breasts jiggling back and forth.

He exhaled. His hand moved around to the underside of her waist as he fucked her. He felt her smooth pussy lips with his fingers and then began to flick her clit back and forth. She moaned as his finger made contact with her skin. 

They continued in this fashion, as Julie rested her head on her folded arms on the bed. David furiously pumped his cock in and out of her while stroking her clit faster and faster. They moaned and breathed heavily until their juices became mixed. Her muscles tightened around his and they both came in a sigh of relief. 

"Fuck!" she panted. 

He held steady inside of her and slowly withdrew. She rolled over onto her back and stared up at the ceiling, her breasts heaving. David kissed her nipples and then her mouth. He then got up and moved to the bathroom.

"Aren't you a sight," he said from across the hall, wiping his cock with one of the towels they'd left on the floor. 

She turned her head and watched him clean her juices off of his body. 

"Throw me a towel, babe," she said. 

He did so, and she put the terrycloth between her legs and wiped her pussy. His juices oozed out from inside of her as she stood up to join him in the bathroom. She kept the towel between her legs to catch his remains. 

"Let's have a bath, huh?" She stood on her toes to kiss his mouth, and then turned on the faucet. 

"Isn't it time for bed?" he said, reaching for his toothbrush.

She watched him brush his teeth in the mirror and then ran a finger down between his ass cheeks. He flinched and looked up at her in the mirror. 

"I don't want to go to bed just yet," She said, dropping her towel. "I want this night to stick around a while longer."

He spit in the sink and finished brushing. Her finger meandered nearer to his asshole. At that, he bent over the sink and spread his legs for her. 

"Go on, then," he said, smiling through the mirror. "Let it stick around."

Julie smiled back at him, and let her finger prod at his entrance. It was tight at first, but she massaged it until she stuck her finger inside to the first knuckle. He let out a concentrated sigh into the sink. She then got down on her knees and withdrew her finger, slowly. She pulled his cheeks apart so that his pink hole puckered under her hot breath. Her tongue reached out and licked around his small ring. Then dabbed at his entrance and pushed inside until she could feel the inner walls of his anus. 

"Ohh," he groaned. "Didn't think you were into that."

She continued to rub the inside of his anus with the tip of her tongue. Then she withdrew and lapped up his puckering hole with lavish strokes. 

She turned the faucet off, as the tub had filled with enough bubbles. Steam rose from the water, and she stepped inside. David looked over at her, still perched over the sink, a dreamy look on his face. 

"Come on, then," she said, rubbing her anus with soapy fingers. "I'm waiting."

David looked at his lover and knew the night was hardly over. He smiled and stepped into the tub where his wife was waiting for him.