 The sun felt good on my chest and legs as I lounged on the second-story deck of my rented townhouse. It had a been a long week at work, and a few hours if doing nothing was exactly what I needed on this beautiful Saturday morning in late May. A light breeze ruffled the leaves on the trees and tinkled the windchimes hanging from the eve. I had my shirt off, trying to get some kind of a tan before summer really started. I had been working out over the past few months and had managed to keep my stomach pretty flat. Not bad, I thought (a little vainly) but I needed more of a tan and this beautiful lazy morning was the perfect opportunity. I wore my old pair of cutoff army fatigues, the most comfortable shorts I owned, and an old grungy Kansas City Chiefs ballcap pulled down over my eyes. 

I reached for the Bloody Mary on the deck next to my lounge chair and felt a little guilty about drinking at ten in the morning. I had gone out with some of the guys last night and overdone it a little (maybe more than a little), and the booze was smoothing my mild hangover out just right. Just one I decided, then a little yard work, and maybe take the dogs for a run later this afternoon when the hangover was completely gone. Right now though, I was feeling pretty good as the alcohol crawled over my brain, and it and the sun made me feel very, very drowsy. This ain't half-bad, I thought contentedly. Now if I could only get rid of this little headache. I decided that a nap would do me good right about now. I settled back in the lounge chair and felt my eyes close...... 

She rocked her hips back and forth on top of me in a powerful motion, taking my cock all the way up inside her and pounding her pelvis into mine with every downward thrust. We were both at that plateau where we knew we had gone past the point of no return and were enjoying it immensely, knowing that we were in a beautiful rhythm together, reading each others minds sexually. I arched my hips in perfect time with her squats, lifting her up and causing her to moan with the deep penetration and pressure on her clit. Her eyes were closed, and a faint smile was on her lips as if she was conflicted between the simple pleasure of how good my cock felt buried inside her and the focus she needed to achieve a really mind-bending orgasm this time. I was holding myself back now, waiting for her to come, and was enjoying tracing circles with my tongue on her breasts as they hung in front of my mouth. God she had beautiful breasts for a fifty year old woman. In fact there wasn't much about her body that I didn't love. She had kept herself in marvelous shape. Her stomach was flat and she even kept her pussy shaved, which really turned me on. Her pussy was...

"Mark...Mark, are you sleeping?"

I opened my eyes and saw Patty standing over me. My first thought was less than eloquent: "Oh shit". I had been fast asleep and dreaming about burying my cock in the woman standing next to my lounge chair - the same woman to who I had been handing over rent checks for the last three years. I tried to gain a little composure by sitting up, and quickly noticed that I had a huge hard-on. Luckily I had fallen asleep with my drink in my hand and covering my crotch. Maybe she hadn't noticed.

"Oh, hi Patty." 

I sat up straight, shielding the sun from my eyes. She wore a blue halter-top, which showed off her breasts very well. She was already very tanned from working in her garden from the first days of spring, and the top of her breasts were lightly sprinkled with freckles, which I found incredibly sexy for some reason unknown to me. Her white shorts had a high waist and accentuated her lovely ass and flat stomach. Her legs were very toned, and her shoulder length brunette hair had only a very few strands of gray, which she refused to color. Today she had it tucked up under a ball cap and I caught myself staring at her bare shoulders and graceful neck. Her eyes were a deep blue that seemed to give her the ability to look straight through my soul. It was a strange contradiction because she was outwardly a very happy person. 

It had always seemed that something was missing in her life, but of course, she would never tell me what it was. We had grown fairly close over the last few years. Our relationship had grown from one of merely landlady-tenant to almost one of mother-son. She had invited me next door to eat dinner many times with her and her husband Frank. Their kids were all grown, and she had a son who was 24, the same age as me.

When I was around both of them, I sensed that Frank had grown bored with his wife. I had seen pictures of Frank as a younger man, and he was quite the stud in the "old days". But he had gained a lot of weight over the years, and didn't seem to pay much attention to her. He had long since let her assume the burden of keeping up their several rentals, and seemed mostly interested in ESPN and beer. I thought she still might love him, but that she was saddened by the fact that he no longer seemed to pay attention to her. He had begun to ignore her - one of the worst things a man can do to his wife.

I felt embarrassed at the dream I had been having. I really cared for this woman as a friend and appreciated all she had done for me. Still, I couldn't help having the kinds of deep sexual feelings I had for her. Maybe deep down inside I was in love with her. I didn't know; it was too confusing and slightly taboos a subject to think about for any length of time. For Christ's sake, she was twice my age! The oldest woman I had slept with so far was 27, and I even thought of her as an older woman. I had to push these thoughts out of my head and concentrate on what she was saying. 

"Yes, I was taking a little nap. Nice day isn't it?" 

"Oh gosh, it's gorgeous today. I'm sorry that I woke you, but I need your rent Mark. You're a little late with it again."

"I'm sorry about the rent, I'll get you a check." I couldn't stop myself from fantasizing about her even as we were talking. Goddamn she had beautiful tits. 'Stop it; concentrate', I thought.

"Well, you sure look comfortable. I hate to bother you about the rent right now, but I really need it from you."

"No problem. I'll just get my checkbook in the house."

As I began to stand, I heard frank yelling at her from their yard. Frank was yelling something or another about going to the store for beer. Big surprise. She turned to answer him, and I settled back in my chair, entranced by the outline of her female form. I wanted her so badly. I stared at her calves, the back of her thighs, her beautifully sculpted butt, her shoulder, and the soft nape of her neck. I was so caught up in studying her that I was unconscious to her conversation with Frank. 

Suddenly she turned, as if she could feel my eyes on her and caught me adoring her. My face started to burn as I looked to see what her reaction would be, if any. She was expressionless for a moment, and then a small, almost imperceptible smile crossed her lips. We watched each other for a long second and then I made one of the most momentous decisions of my pathetic young life.

"Come on inside Patty, and I'll pay you." 

"Sure Hon, let's do it. Hon - I loved it when she called me that.

I got up and started toward the sliding glass door. My cock was still stiff, but with my newfound bravado, I didn't really try to hide it. She had probably already seen it, and if she hadn't, I sort of hoped she would now. Besides, it was a good hard-on. Just hard enough to show I was interested, but not totally pitching a tent. That was a good thing, I decided.

"What are you drinking this morning?" She asked, following me into the kitchen.

"Bloody Mary." I hesitated; "Would you like one?" Nothing to lose now, in my mind at least.

"Sure. I'm in the mood for something spicy right about now." She smiled again, and I prepared her one of my super tangy specials. I handed it over the counter towards her. To my mild surprise, she got up and walked around the kitchen island to take it from me.

"Thank you." She took her cap off and shook her lovely auburn hair down around her shoulders.

"You're welcome," I said, trying not to let my voice betray the nervousness I felt at having her so close to me. She took a drink and put her hand on the counter over mine. We both new something was about to happen, but wasn't sure which direction it would go, or how far. I left my hand there, letting the electricity of her touch run up my arm. She responded by setting her drink down and taking my other hand in hers. She gently pulled me closer to her.

"You know that Frank doesn't love me any more, don't you?"

"Patty, I...uh...."

"You have noticed the way he ignores me. You must have, haven't you Mark?"

"Yes."

"I know something else."

"What?"

"I know that you've been watching me. I see the way that you look at me. I can tell that you want me. And I...I want you, too."

My mind was spinning out of control. I had no idea I was so obvious. I had always striven to be respectful and just nice to her. I was sure no one knew my dirty little fantasies but me. She pulled me close and kissed me slowly, tenderly; her soft tongue parting my lips meeting mine. I could feel her nipples harden against my chest, and I let my hand slide down over the curve of her ass. She broke the kiss and moved her lips close to my ear.

"I haven't made love to anyone in over two years. I want you to fuck me; I want you to do anything you want with me baby."

Her hand went to my crotch and started massaging my cock through my shorts. I kissed her hungrily, and cupped her breast through the thin material of her halter top. She wasn't wearing a bra, and her nipples stimulated my palms like small pebbles. I had dreamed holding her this way since the day I had signed the lease. I unbuttoned her shorts and let them drop to the floor. To my amazement she wasn't wearing panties. Her pussy was shaved except for a small patch right above her clit. For a second I thought I was dreaming again, and then realized this was not a spur of the moment encounter.

I put my hands on her waist and lifted her up onto the kitchen counter. Her pussy lips were swollen and glistening wet with her arousal. I pushed her knees apart and spread her gently open, inhaling her musky scent as my face got closer to her cunt. She looked at me with a sultry, erotic gaze I had never seen before. Her eyes were half closed and her lips were slightly parted. Her breathing was quick and shallow. I slipped two fingers into her soft hole and began fingering her as she pulled off her top. Her breasts were gorgeous; heavy and large, but still firm with medium size cone-shaped nipples just a shade darker than her natural skin tone. I stared at them as I worked my fingers in and out of her.

"I need your cock inside me now," she whispered, barely audibly. 

I dropped my shorts and pushed my briefs down under my balls, allowing my cock to spring out. I stroked it as I kissed her, anticipating the feeling of having her snug pussy swallowing me. A large drop of clear precum formed on the head and dripped down the underside as I stood between her open thighs. I felt her warm fingers wrap around my cock and pull me toward her. I stopped as the head of my cock touched her lips and placed my hand over hers. I wrapped my arm around her neck and pulled her head close to mine and made her watch me as I rubbed the head of my cock up and down her slit. Small shudders vibrated through her every time the head brushed her clit. 

"Are you positive you want this?" I said.

"Oh God Mark, don't tease me like this. I've been waiting so long."

I released my grip on her hand and pulled her to the very edge of the counter, and she guided my swollen cock inside her. I put my hands on her hips and pulled her as deep onto my cock as I could. 

"Oh my God, that's SO fucking good!" she said as she wrapped her legs around my waist.

Her arms and legs imprisoned me and she moaned softly in my ear as I thrusted into her tender pussy in a steady staccato rhythm. 

"Harder," she whispered. "Harder....fuck my pussy, make me cum baby." 

The tempo gradually increased and I could feel her beginning to tense up and start to moan loudly. We were both so close, every muscle and nerve straining to experience the bliss of mutual climax. Her breathing became very rapid and I could feel her nails digging into my back. Her pussy gripped and released my cock over and over in spams as she came. I could see her juices flooding the shaft of my cock as it pumped in and out of her cunt. Her body relaxed and her breathing slowed, but my arousal was still on the ascent and nearly at its peak. She grabbed my neck and pulled my ear close to her mouth. In a hot breath she whispered:

"I want to taste your cum babydoll." 

Those words were the impetus I needed to send me over the edge. She pushed me back away from the counter and knelt on the kitchen floor, and took my cock in her hands, stroking it and licking the head. I grabbed two handfulls of her soft hair and held them firmly, as my ass tightened and I raised up on my tiptoes, involuntarily preparing to fill her mouth with my semen. I felt the base of my cock tighten and then colors and flashes in front of my closed eyelids as hot come surged from my member. I opened my eyes to see this sexy woman, old enough to be my mother, hungrily sucking and licking my cock clean. She savored my taste, letting it fill her mouth and then spill over her lips onto her ripe tits, taking my cock and rubbing it's slippery hardness against her lips and cheek, milking every drop out and tasting it with the tip of her tongue. She rose slowly, kissing and licking my belly and chest as she did. I put my arms around her and caressed her, bringing our mouths together. I could taste my semen in her mouth as we kissed deeply, drunk with the passion of what we had just experienced.

We slept together in my bedroom for a few hours. I was awakened by a kiss on the forehead.

"Thank you. I've wanted to be with you since you moved in here." She smiled, "I was aching to know what your cock felt like inside me."

"I don't know what to say." I blushed again. "May I ask you a question?"

"Yes."

"Do you normally not wear panties?"

"Do you really think I came over here today just to collect your rent?" she asked me, rhetorically. I just smiled and kissed her.

"Oh, and by the way, if you're short on cash, don't worry about the rent. I think I can do some creative accounting if you can keep it a secret."