 Chapter 3

Thursday

Given the circumstances, I could be forgiven for the late start in the morning. The sun was well-up when I dragged on some cutoffs and a t-shirt (same cutoffs, fresh shirt). There were a couple of breakfast burritos left, but the hash browns were history. The coffee pot was empty, and I decided that just wouldn't do. While waiting for the next pot to brew, I grabbed a burrito and checked to see where everyone was. In the living room, Marc and Lisa were being sociable, talking with Gina and Keith about movies; Rebecca and Kristin shared coffee on the porch, and Bryan stood on the dock, toweling off after an early morning swim. When they spied me, Marc called me over to weigh in on their film debate. By the time that was done, the entire group occupied the living room. After a half hour of "I dunno, what do you want to do?", we settled on going for a walk before it got too hot. We returned in time for Kristin and I to put sloppy joes together for lunch.

"I didn't get a chance to ask before, " she said as she pulled out the drinks, "are you still wearing what you used to wear under those cutoffs?" Back when we dated, she discovered my habit of going commando in those frayed denim shorts.

"Pretty much." I usually told her "only one way to find out," but this time... even though what we were to each other hadn't been nailed down yet, I didn't think 'Becca would appreciate the dare that my former girlfriend occasionally took me up on.

"Not even going to make me guess, hmm?" She set the drinks out with a slight smirk on her face. Then she took the spatula from my hand and pushed me out of the way, taking my place at the stove. I set about putting out odds and ends while she finished browning the ground beef and poured in the sauce. Leaning against the counter, I took a swig of water -- an action I expect she had been waiting for.

"You know, Rebecca's on the pill."

A minute later, I was laying out paper towels to soak up the water I had spewed, while Kristin struggled to contain her laughter. When she quieted down, I pointed asked, "Why are you telling me that bit of news?"

"I just thought it might be relevant." She busied herself with lunch lest the sight of my face send her into another paroxysm of laughter.

"How do you know this?"

"Girls talk about that kind of thing, doofus. She stresses easily, and it throws her cycle off. She's been on them at least since she started college."

"What else did she tell you?"

Kristin relented. "That she slipped into your room for a romantic encounter. No real details -- no matter how hard I tried," she teased. "But she wasn't ready to go all the way. I'm just telling you, she could if she was ready to." she turned and put her hands on my shoulders. "If you do decide to pursue this, go easy on her. You know what's she's like."

"And I know what she's been through. I'll do my best."

"I know you will." Kristin gave me a quick kiss, smiled conspiratorially, and turned to the call the others for lunch.

Thursday Night

We had a tradition at the lakehouse. One night-- usually the last -- was skinny dipping. I remember the first time we tried it: newly graduated, ready to do something wild and crazy. We spent most of the venture standing around chest-deep in the water. Now, we'd relaxed enough to actually enjoy the experience. Friends swam, laughed, occasionally tickle-fought, and generally had a good time. The moon hadn't risen, so the porch lights and a million stars were the only illumination. Everyone (except Keith, who was in his room reading) stripped down and jumped off the dock. It was less about being naughty and more about being free. Even Marc and Lisa moved in separate orbits, joking and swimming. At one point, Kristin decided she wanted to inner tube that Bryan lounged in. She teasingly demanded that a man should always give up his seat for a lady. Marc retorted that a man's float is his castle. In short order, the was a king of the hill situation, men versus women. In the splashing that ensued, I took possession of the prize for a brief shining moment before Lisa and Rebecca flipped me back into the water.

The flurry subsided, and Bryan graciously ceded the spoils to Kristin. Panting, everyone settled back to catch their breath and enjoy the night. I retreated to the shadow of the dock. I had been half-hard for most of the day, thinking about Rebecca; on the chilly water and the distraction of the competition kept me soft when I was exposed during my moment of glory on the inner tube.

I saw Rebecca break away from the milling crowd, peering this way and that, as if looking for someone. I momentarily leaned out into the weak light before pulling back into shadow. She saw the movement and swam towards me. As she came alongside, I pulled her against me, holding on to the dock with my free arm.

"Careful," I whispered. "It's not safe for pretty damsels to swim in these parts. Shadowy characters lurk here."

"Do I look like I'm in distress?"

"Quick," I hissed. "Grab the dock with both hands." I loosened my grip and pretended I was about to go under. Her hands shot up to grab the planks.

"Silly damsel," I said in my best wicked wolf tone, "You're about to be in distress." I grasped her waist with both hands; my mouth targeted a breast floating just beneath the surface. She gasped.

"What are you *doing*?!" she hissed.

"Distressing you." Her nipple, already erect in the cool water, grew more pointed in my mouth.

"People are *right over there*!"

"Don't worry, I won't make you cum. Just making sure you'll be thinking about me tonight."

"I'll come over, okay? Please!"

I pulled back. I grasped the dock, and she wrapped her arms tight around me... and her legs as well.

"That was very mean," she whispered against my shoulder.

"Well, it was no picnic for me either."

"I can tell," she said, flexing her hips. My erection was pinned against her nether lips. She shuddered, and moved her hips again, dragging herself up and down the length of my hardness. Rebecca took up a steady rhythm against me. My thoughts started to misfire as she pleasured us both. It wouldn't have taken much to shift slightly and push into her, but even with her simply rubbing against me, I was too turned on to last long.

"'Becca? What about the people?"

"Sor--sorry. Can't stop," she gasped, trembling. She clasped me tighter. I felt myself swelling, and in very short order, I stiffened, wracked with my orgasm. It's a wonder I managed to hold on to the dock.

Feeling my climax triggered her own. Her grip grew so tight I couldn't breathe, and then I felt sharp pain lance through my shoulder as she bit down to contain her cries. I put my free arm around her, which was just as well; when she relaxed her death grip, she nearly slipped under the dark surface. I looked away from her starlit face to see if we had attracted any attention. The others were splashing and cavorting again; apparently Marc had said something mock-rude and instigated a free-for-all.

"Are you okay?" I asked quietly. She was wrapped around me again. I could feel the occasional twitch down there, but her breathing was nearly back to normal.

"I got carried away." She had an almost goofy smile on her face. If I didn't know any better, I would have said she was stoned. "I'm been turned on all day."

"Me, too."

"Do you think they noticed?"

I shrugged. "Sounds like they're busy. If you want to head back over there, I'll join you in a minute. You still want to keep things quiet?" She nodded. We kissed one more time, and then I let her go. She took a breath, sank out of sight, and surfaced a few moments later behind Bryan. He was remaining aloof from the current fracas, until Rebecca goosed him. He shrieked, drawing everyone's attention. I missed the retaliatory strike, for I had turned and, using the back side of the dock for cover, headed to the shore.

"Where's Nathan?" asked Gina suddenly.

"Taking a pit stop," I replied, stepping of the shore and onto the dock. I cannonballed off the end of the dock, just in case anyone missed my entrance.

Later Folks decided they'd had enough freedom and headed in. Some, like Bryan and Rebecca, quickly wrapped up in their towels; others, like Lisa and Kristin, merely toted theirs up the hill. I decided to be one of the latter, toweling my hair dry and giving Gina, who was behind me, time to ogle if she so desired. I was in teasing mood. Rebecca was a few steps ahead, talking with Lisa; she didn't glance back. After changing in my room, I went out to dig into the leftovers and get something to drink. A few others did likewise, but everyone pretty much went to their respective rooms immediately. I wondered how many of them would relieve some tension before going to sleep.

I decided to change things around a little. Pouring a glass of something a little harder than wine, I went out on the porch, watching the moon rise through the trees. I was just a little tired, but not the least bit sleepy. I hoped my late-night visitor would show up again.

Footsteps brought me out of my reverie. Lisa and Marc came up the stairs, naked but for flip flops.

"He-llo." said Lisa cheerily as they walked on by, wearing the perfume of sex. Marc added, "Blanket's by the dock if you need it."

"Thanks," I said, raising my glass.

They had barely closed the door to their room when the dining area door slid open. Rebecca crept through and paused, letting her eyes grow accustomed to the darkness. She jumped when I stood up.

"You scared me," she whispered. I looked her over -- the same nightshirt, revealing her shapely legs and bare feet.

"I didn't know if you would visit tonight. After the swim and all."

"Here I am. Couldn't wait for me?" she teased.

"I'm glad you're here," I said. She smiled at me. I reached out and took her hand. Together we walked along the porch, but while she paused at my door, I kept going.

"Umm..."

"I thought a change of scene might be fun," I casually offered. She raised her eyebrows but fell back in step with me.

We followed the short path to the lake, treading carefully since she was barefoot. As promised, near the lake's edge, a large blanket was spread on the grass. I motioned for her to sit, and I eased in behind her. Enfolding her in my arms, I felt her lean back against me and sigh. We watched the still lake reflect the nearly-full moon for a while without speaking.

"I got carried away," she said softly. "I couldn't control myself."

"You did seem excited."

"The thing was, I wasn't going to do anything to you. I'd thought about it," she admitted, "but I wasn't going to actually do it, not with everybody right there. When you touched me..." If felt her shiver. "It was like something got loose.

"You need to understand, Nathan. And please don't breathe a word to anybody. I've been thinking about sex all the time. *All the time*. Sometimes I get so horny I have to take care of things three or four times a day. And since that first night, it's gotten worse. Before, it was all sort of abstract in my head. Now, I see your...your penis and it drives me out of my mind!" She turned in my arms, looked me in the eyes, and said, dejected, "I'm a slut."

"Uh, really? I think you're a little confused."

"How? I'm so horny I can't concentrate! All day!"

"How many guys have you had sex with since we've been here?" I asked in a reasonable tone.

"What?"

"How many?"

"None! Except what we did together --"

"You really need to get your information on sex from a higher-class periodical. A slut, outside bad porn and the stupid guys who watch it, is someone who has sex with lots of men. Lots and lots. You, 'Becca, have a high sex drive." I smiled. "And fortunately, that is a treatable problem."

"Oh." She seemed embarrassed at her naiveté. Then she smirked. "And how will you treat this problem, doctor?"

"With a mixture of delicacy and carnality." I stood and held my hand to her. Raising her up, I gave her a kiss. Then reaching down her sides (with several detours), I grasped her shirt near the hem.

"May I?" In answer, she raised her arms, and I lifted the shirt over her head and tossed it to the side. I felt a surge in my groin when I saw that she wasn't wearing panties. Next, I whipped off my own shirt and skinned off my shorts.

We gazed at each other, a mix of light and shadow in the silver moonlight. At the same instant, we stepped together and embraced. We kissed. We ran our hands over all the contours of our skin. At some point we both sank to the blanket. I would have liked to take my time, the intensity of what we were sharing made it difficult to think about the slow dance of our mingled bodies. I know where I wanted to go, but would she?

Our hands were all over each other. One hand clasped her ass while my lips focused on a breast; the combo move left her helpless, panting, hands clutching at the air. I moved my hand to her thigh, and then her inner thigh. After a moment, she spread her legs wider, which I took as permission. She moaned when I cupped her sex, gave a ragged gasp when one finger slipped between her swollen, soaked lips. Her hips gyrated as I fingered her. Her fingers were tangled in my hair; her other hand clawed at the blanket. As she approached the edge of release, I backed off. She whined with frustration and then looked at me with half focused eyes.

"What?" she hissed.

"Too quick, " I said. "Let it cool down a bit. It'll be more intense."

"It's plenty intense right now!"

I kissed her, held her, but stayed clear of her erogenous zones. Rebecca's breathing came easier, but her need was still at the forefront of her mind. She reached down and grasped my shaft, trying to goad me.

"Rebecca, look at me." Her eyes shifted from the sky to my face. I cleared some strands of hair from her sweat-drenched face. " I'll give you what you need. You choose how. I can do what I was doing, with my hand, or...I can get between your legs and thrust into you, like our bodies want us to. Either way, it's up to you. "

She looked back up to the moon, possibly debating in her mind. Finally, she looked back at me.

"Can you be careful, at first?" She asked. "It's been long time, and I never got completely used to it. It's still new to me."

"I can do that. Just let me know what you need."

"Okay, let's try it." She made up her mind. Rebecca was nervous, but whether she was eager or resigned, my lust hear her assent and that was enough. I eased between her legs; taking the shaft in my hands, I eased the head back and forth until it was good and wet, then slowly pushed in. She was very tight -- but I suspected that was as much from bad associations and nerves as from her inexperience. With gentle pressure, her entrance suddenly yielded, and part of the shaft slid in. How my body was screaming to drive into her passage, but through willpower alone I held back. She whimpered.

"It's okay, just relax, sweetie." I caressed one breast to distract her, and it seemed to work; I felt myself slip a little farther in. Rebecca rocked her hips beneath me, and with each movement, I slipped a little further. After a bit, I was in her to the hilt. We stayed motionless save for our ragged breathing; I wanted her to adjust to me before my restraint gave way.

She chuckled nervously. "Nathan?"

"Yeah?"

"I'm having sex!"

"You certainly are. How is it?"

"Oh God, Nathan, I've got to *move*!" she cried; I could feel her hips quivering.

"Then hang on, it's gonna get interesting."

I slowly pulled out, watching her inner lips grip me like she was reluctant for me to leave. With everything but the head outside, I pushed back in. At a faster pace, I alternated between long and short strokes, picking up speed. Her knees clasped against my ribs; her heels dug into my ass as if to spur me on. My thrusting grew faster and more forceful. She grunted each time I bottomed out.

I knew I couldn't hold on for long, but I'd be damned if I was going to finish first. I reached up and cupped her breast, squeezing her nipple hard between my fingers. Her grunts rose in pitch and volume. "Cum for me, baby. I'm gonna cum in you." Her grunts turned to wails as I pounded into her. She had no shred of control remaining as her cries of passion echoed off the far shore of the lake. Moments later, I grabbed her hips and pumped as deeply into her throbbing passage as I could, and then crested my own wave of intense pleasure.

I collapsed on top of her, trying to hold the worst of my weight off my lover. We lay panting, shuddering at the aftershocks as we each throbbed. Then I heard it: clapping and quiet cheering. Eyes wide, we both looked to the lakehouse a couple dozen yards up the hill. Several figures stood on the porch, silhouetted by the living room lights. I doubted they could see us particularly well, but our voices could have left no doubt as to what we were doing.

"Oh My God!" Rebecca hissed, panic in her eyes.

I picked out broad-shouldered Marc, shorter Lisa, and probably taller Kristin. My mind caught up to what I was seeing. I looked back to Rebecca, realizing in another moment her panic and confusion would turn to utter mortification.

"Ssssh. It's alright."

"But they heard, they have to know --"

"Of course they know," I crooned, running my fingers through her damp hair.

"But why would they do such a --"

"Because, 'Becca, they love you. They're your friends. That's why they spent so much effort to make that jackass miserable for what he did to you. That's why they're happy for you now."

"What?"

"You told Kristin about us, didn't you?"

Her mouth hung open a moment before she thought to shut it. "Just a little bit. Not all the details."

"She was kind of excited for you. It was sweet. I imagine she told Lisa -- she's the one that left the blanket out here. They want you to be with someone and be happy." I smiled and added, "Even if I was the best you could do."

"But...I don't know if I can look at them tomorrow. I'll be embarrassed. "

"Why? We're all adults, and they've certainly had sex. You don't see them avoiding everybody over the fact, do you?" The accolades had ended, and I heard sliding doors shutting. "They've said they approve and they're happy for you. Where friends are concerned, you can't ask for better than that." I moved over to lay next to her. She cuddled against me, mulling over what I had said.

"So," she said at length, "What else happens tomorrow?"

"You mean about us? Well, unless you've changed your thinking, the original plan is still sound: get back to the real world, and work out what we both need and how we fit together . Sound fair?" With her head on my chest and eyes closed, she nodded, graced with a contented smile.

"But," I went on," all that is in the future. "

"Oh?"

"Yep. Right now, I want to discuss a concept I like to call, 'making slow love in the moonlight.'"

She giggled. "Do we have an audience?"

"Only the moon."

"Then let's put on a show for the moon."