 She had just stepped out of the shower and was standing naked, vigorously toweling her hair, her large, round breasts jiggling with the movement, when she heard the doorbell ring followed by a clap of thunder and the sound of a heavy rain beginning to pound the roof overdue for repair. Grabbing her short silk robe, she headed toward the front door wrapping her well-toned body in it on the way. Too late, she realized she did not have the tie, so she gathered it together and held it in place with one hand as she opened the door about six inches. An incredibly sexy man stood there, holding open the outer glass door. This must be the repairman the service has sent, she thought. Her sight took in his curling light brown hair, big gray-green eyes in a face with handsome features topping off a well muscled body clothed only in a tight pair of well worn, low slung jeans missing the top button above the straining zipper. He was covered in a thin sheen of sweat causing his muscles to gleam like ocean swells in the hot summer sun.

"Sorry to disturb you so early on a Saturday, but I wanted to get done before the rain." 

"Oh, no, that's fine," she stammered. "Let me get my checkbook." 

As she turned and walked to her purse, she had no idea the door slowly blew open from the wind of the storm. Bending over her purse on the floor, the repairman was treated to a full view of her firm bottom and the shimmering wet slit in the center of her completely shaved pink pussy.

Believing herself to be out of view, she had let go of her robe so when she turned back to face the door, she was completely exposed to the fascinated gaze of those grayish eyes, rapidly traveling up and down her body. She didn't make a move to cover herself. She was far too occupied staring at the man's hand grasping the largest cock she had ever seen, clearly outlined in the thin denim. The overextended zipper was unzipping itself from the pressure of the swelling cock and she was mesmerized as she saw the hairline that started at his navel expanding into view and then the thickly veined flesh of the curve of his cock which traveled halfway down his thigh and whose girth completely filled his huge hand.

"Uh, you must be about to explode in all this heat. I can tell you're a man who puts it all into every thing he does. I think you deserve a bonus. It's so hot and so incredibly wet, how would you like to come inside... me?" she found herself saying. 

Without a word, he stepped in and with two strides was directly in front of her. Filling his hands with her breasts and rolling her pebble like nipples between his fingers, he said, "I've got more than you can take but I'm going to give it all to you more times than you can bear and fill you with more than you can hold. But first, I'm hungry and I need to eat." 

Before she could form a thought, she felt her back against the wall as he split her legs wide open and pressed her bent legs into the plaster as he lifted her with his hands behind her knees. His hot tongue and mouth delved deeply into her creamy slit and she felt her juices gushing into his mouth as she immediately began experiencing one of the most crushing climaxes she'd ever had.

He sucked and lapped at her milky, slick cum until it subsided into a steady flow. Then, with the tip of his hardened tongue, he probed and teased her now calming clit until it stung from the need of the pounding pressure of a hard prick. He replaced his hands with his own knees, keeping her legs spread wide and her pussy fully exhibited, while he jerked his jeans down over his hips and his impressively towering tool full of cum and lust sprang out like a tiger. In a single movement, he wrapped her calves in his strong, work toughened hands, stretching her legs out like the top half of a slingshot and formed the lower with his own as he impaled her cunt on his massive member. With a cry like a mewling tiger cub, she took the plunge of his prick and the pain as it plumbed the deepest depth of her tight hole. 

His monumental cock head pounded the back wall of her once tiny cavern and still there were inches to go in before they would both be satisfied. Quickly, during an out stroke of nearly a foot of mountainous manhood, she arched her back and tilted her pelvis. On his next thrust, he gasped as he felt his meat plummet into a new, even tighter tunnel and he knew he had entered the hitherto forbidden passage to her own mysterious womanhood. Their eyes locked in the lusty knowledge that his man-flesh was now buried in fresh, unexplored territory where it had never been allowed entry to like beforehand. He couldn't resist withdrawing enough to force a repeated entry once, twice, three times, but the incredible sensation of friction from the strict muscles of her cervix performing a death hold on his violating probe was more than either could endure. With a violent, quivering shudder, an explosion of semen, thick and whitened with more sperm than a universe of heavenly bodies, flooded her womb and expanded it further still with its sheer volume as her entire earthly body clamped down its own center of the universe: his cock, squeezing and milking it of every last dollop until they both collapsed in a single jumble of expended, still joined, bodies.