 Ron stared down with nervous anticipation at the blonde cutie who knelt before him. Her brown plaid skirt was pulled up just enough, allowing her hose-covered knees to rest on the commercial grade carpet beneath her. Her white blouse hung unbuttoned and her well-endowed cleavage was clearly visible as she looked up at her boss.

The flushing of blood to her cheeks gave mild color to an otherwise pale face as Cindy licked her bright red lips. She held a peculiar grin and her blue eyes sparkled as she began to slowly unzip Ron's pants. Fully erect, his cock formed a large bulge in his pants, and while Cindy rubbed the outside of his trousers Ron couldn't believe that his fantasy was coming true.

Cindy had worked for Ron for two years and despite the fact that they were both attached the two had a long history of sexual tension between them. He was a happily married man it seemed, but Cindy could tell he wanted her. She herself had a steady boyfriend, but Ron could tell that she was interested in him as well. No, they had never vocalized it. Just some harmless flirting, the occasional brushing against each other, and the mesmerizing look that they had given one another at times. Though it was obvious to both of them that they each desired the other, neither of them had made an overt pass at the other. Until now.

Today, however, was different. Cindy had turned in her notice and this was her last day working for Ron, who was a generous boss and was loved by everyone. At a quarter 'til five that afternoon she said her goodbyes to her coworkers and prepared to leave. When she reported to Ron's office, he stood and greeted her one last time, but this time with a warm embrace that lasted longer than usual. For a moment there was an awkward pause and they almost kissed, then Ron broke the silence.

"Girl, I'm really gonna miss you" Ron stated with obvious feelings of desire in his eyes. "Dan and Nick will manage in your place just fine, but, ya know, they're just nowhere near as pretty."

Cindy smiled softly and blushed a little, but didn't acknowledge the compliment. She was silent for a moment before asking him, "Are...you gonna be here for a while?"

"As always," Ron replied, with a look of curiosity on his face.

"Well, there's a goodbye gift that I have for you but I need to come back to give it to you. Promise you won't leave?" she inquired.

"Your wish is my command, ma'am" Ron answered with a sly grin. He was determined to enjoy their game of tease all the way 'til she walked out the door. And when she did, he eyed her shapely behind as she strutted a catwalk. As she reached for the door Cindy gave a quick look over her shoulder, catching Ron staring at her ass. This time, unlike the many times before, Ron didn't turn his head in embarrassment or hide what he was looking at. Their eyes met and Cindy acknowledged with a smile that she knew she had his attention. Then she closed the door behind her as she left.


For forty-five minutes Ron waited on Cindy's return, signing checks, checking email and doing other routine end-of-the-day business. He wondered briefly why she needed to come back later. Had she forgotten the gift at home, hadn't purchased it yet, or what? Still, he tried not to allow himself to analyze the question too much. 

Then it dawned on him that when Cindy returned, they would likely be alone. Suddenly nervous, he began to theorize and fantasize what might happen when she returned. She knows I leave at six every night or my wife will freak out. If she wants to get personal, that doesn't leave much time. Maybe it's just a thank you gift that wasn't ready before now. Oh well... Ron's thoughts were interrupted when he heard the familiar sound of the squeaky front door being opened. Quite aroused, he feared that she would walk in to find him with his face all flushed, so he stepped out quickly to a nearby bathroom to clean up.

Across the street from her now former place of business, Cindy parked her car in a shopping mall lot so she could view her former coworkers as they left. The rules were set in stone at this company. Ron expected all hourly employees to clock out at five o'clock, and salaried folks by five-thirty. He himself was always gone at six. Something about even him having a boss at home is how he'd explained it. The first wave at five minutes after the hour left only a handful of cars, and being a Friday it only took another five to ten minutes for the rest to disappear. That's part of what she loved about Ron, that he always took care of his employees, and that he wanted everyone to have a life outside of work. In Cindy's mind, not only was Ron the perfect boss; he was the perfect man. He was always taking care of everyone else, but today she wanted to take care of him. Ron was such a man that, although he would flirt sometimes, he'd never make a pass at Cindy. But the tension between them was getting hotter, and Cindy was actually worried that she would somehow ruin him. She wasn't sure how she could love two men, but she just knew there was no future in it. Her solution was to find another job and try to move on.

With the parking lot empty, Cindy felt safe to return. But instead of her normal parking spot she chose one from the next building over some distance away. There was a candle shop on that end of the strip mall where she parked, so in case her car was noticed she could always say she had stopped in there after work. And if anyone saw her walking back to work she could say she forgot something. One thing about Ron, he had a stellar reputation. Though Cindy wasn't worried about her own image too much, the thought of ruining Ron's was terrifying. 

Cindy had thought about this a lot. Having an affair with her boss just wasn't an option in her mind. She valued Ron enough that she didn't want him to risk his home life and career, knowing that if they were caught it would cost her job as well. Plus, his life was so regimented that finding time for anything would be near impossible. In her mind, Cindy reasoned that a half hour of intimacy was the best they could have. Just enough time for an erotic goodbye.

Cindy entered the company front office and locked the squeaky door behind her, then she made her way slowly toward the executive offices near the back. She thought she heard some movement back there, and her heart started to beat loudly from her nervousness. She had to pass through a narrow hallway before reaching Ron's office door, but due to the arrangement of furniture she couldn't see his desk without walking in. So there she stood trying to catch her breath before making her move. After two years of unspoken but mutually understood desire, as well as the short time frame they had, there would be no working their way into this. A more direct approach was required, and the best idea that came to mind was to unbutton her blouse and walk in. That way it would break the ice and leave no doubt what she was there for. As she stepped through his doorway, she noticed immediately Ron wasn't there.

Ron took advantage of these moments away from his office to use the restroom and wash up. The cool water on his face helped wake him up from his fantasizing and to think about reality. Quit fooling yourself, he thought to himself. Nothing's going to happen. Take her gift, thank her for her time with the company, and move on. He knew that The warm embrace from earlier was enough to fuel his future fantasies, and having felt her breasts against his chest he knew he'd be jerking off to that memory for years to come.

Turning the corner into his office corridor, he spotted Cindy from behind. Her shapely ass got his attention one more time and he slowly snuck up on her, expecting to scare her. There she stood just inside his office door, hands on her hips, and though Ron couldn't see her face, he imagined it had a puzzled look on it, wondering where he'd gone. Abandoning his intention to spook her by grabbing her waist, he opted to just lean against the door jam, which made just enough noise to get Cindy's attention.

Ron's eyes got big and his jaw dropped when Cindy turned around. Her unbuttoned white blouse hung open, exposing her busty breasts encased in a sexy bra of white lace as well as a diamond stud piercing in her navel. 

"Oh, there you are!" She said with a naughty grin. "I've got something for you."

As she smiled and stepped forward into Ron's personal space, he backed away, trying to say something that didn't make any sense. Grabbing his tie with one hand and his belt with the other, Cindy became aggressive with him and pushed him against the wall.

"Don't you back away from me, Mister. You're not going anywhere," Cindy instructed him. "We've been playing games for too long now and it ends today. So don't act like you don't want me." Her hands clutched the front of his waistband as she moved in to kiss him.

"What about the--" Ron began to inquire nervously.

"--Just shut up and kiss me" Was all he heard back before his lips met hers.

Ron and Cindy stood in the narrow hallway wrapped in each other's arms, their hands exploring one another's bodies while they passionately kissed. What began as animalistic passion slowed down to a measured rhythm as she stroked the outside of Ron's pants, forming a substantial bulge.

"Baby you know I can't. There's just--" Ron whined before being cut off again.

"--Hush, I told you! Everything's perfect, just like I hoped for" she said. "As regimented a life as you lead there's no time for us. This. Right here. About twenty minutes. This is all we got. No more after this. I've accepted the fact that you'll never be mine, and as bad as we both wanna fuck our brains out it just can't happen. You mean a lot to me, Ron. Let me do this. For you."

With Cindy leaning into him and her hand gripping the bulge in his pants, Ron slowly exhaled after what seemed like a long pause. "What do you wanna do?" Ron asked.

"This" was all she said as she slid down to her knees.

Ron's dream of being with Cindy was finally coming true, and he couldn't believe his own eyes. She's so damn beautiful, Ron thought to himself. Her cute round face with curly blonde hair accented the busty cleavage below, and Ron's eyes fixated on her as she worked her magic.

Cindy's desire was to suck Ron's cock and drink his cum. She wanted to feel him grow inside her mouth, taste his flesh, and completely consume his cock. Strictly for her own enjoyment she would have spent considerably more time loving on him. But this was about Ron's pleasure not hers, and time was limited. She wanted him to have a visual experience as well as physical. Instead, she tickled the head of his penis with long licks, slowly stroking his shaft with her hand. Then she opened her mouth and let his dick lay on her tongue while it grew. She tilted her head and got underneath him, allowing his balls to press against her right cheek while she looked straight up at him. Her lips and tongue serviced the underside of his shaft as Ron's moans grew louder.

The sight before him was unbelievable, and Ron marveled at it. He and Cindy's eyes stayed locked as she sucked and stroked his cock. He began to feel the pressure build and he knew he would cum if she didn't stop. That was one thing about his wife. Though she would occasionally give him head, she never let him cum that way.

Cindy changed her position so that she could perform long deep plunges on Ron's cock. Fully erect and aroused, the tip now sunk deep into Cindy's throat. She could feel the gagging sensation but kept swallowing him down. She heard his moans and increased the speed as she struggled to breath. She braced her feet on the hallway wall behind her and pushed Ron back a little so he rested against the opposite wall. Going full throttle now, Cindy made straight-on plunges as she bobbed her head back and forth up and down his cock. She heard Ron make one long continuous moan until he got louder and started shaking almost violently. She felt Ron's hands grab her head and she stopped moving, but he took over and continued to fuck her mouth himself.

It was in that instant that Ron realized how empowered he was. Because of time constraints that she had already admitted, Cindy wasn't going to get anything in exchange; no relief, no orgasm, no fucking nor even fingering. She was here to serve and nothing else. For this moment she was his and she actually wanted to be used. When he realized this, he felt as if he had the permission to be more rough with her. He wasn't sure how much she could handle so he slowly fucked her mouth harder and harder. With his shoulder blades against the wall behind him, he used his pelvis to make forceful thrusts against Cindy's face while he held her head. He was certain that with every deep thrust he was pushing back into her throat. Her eyes were watering and mascara was beginning to run. Ron felt the pressure build and knew he was about to explode. He thought for a moment where he wanted to cum. This would be a once in a lifetime experience and he wanted it to be memorable. Should it be on her face, her breasts, or in her mouth? The decision wasn't easy, as any of the options would be considered incredibly hot. As he felt himself get closer, he couldn't bring himself to pull out of Cindy's mouth. It felt too incredible to stop. Within a minute Ron was riding a wave of pleasure as he emptied three strong bursts of his personal fluid into the back of Cindy's mouth. 

For a moment, neither of them moved. The pleasure subsided as Ron's dick slowly deflated, leaving Cindy trying to recover her breath. She regained her composure and began to lovingly suck Ron's cock some more, this time with no apparent intent to bring him to another climax. Some of his ejaculate had made its way out of Cindy's mouth and was hanging off her chin. Even more had dripped down onto her breasts and lay there. With her finger, Cindy scraped it all up and licked her finger dry, swallowing the rest of what she had already consumed.

Ron put himself back together and helped Cindy to her feet. She buttoned up her shirt, and looked at her watch one last time, nodding in approval that her timeframe had been made. Their eyes met and Cindy leaned into Ron, giving him a slow, sensual smooch on his lips. He started to speak but Cindy put her index finger over his lips, signaling him to stay quiet. She slowly walked backwards out of the hallway, eyes locked with his, smiling uncontrollably. As she turned and walked through the door for the last time, Ron heard the familiar sound of the creaky door shutting and remarked to himself how quiet and lonely it seemed. Years of sexual tension had vanished in the last few minutes, and Ron felt drained in more ways than one. Suddenly aware of the time, Ron grabbed his personal items and proceeded to return home. On the way out, he noticed that the front door made no noise.