 Rebecca always did pretty well for herself in the man department. She knew that if she turned on the charm, barring any forces of nature, jealous exes, or someone in love she could pretty much have any man she wanted. She was tall, 5'-9" with raven hair and a body fit and tight from choosing to take the stairs every day to her office, and eating fairly well, minus the occasional entire cake kind of night, since she was made aware the kind of power her body had over men.

She still remembered the first time being felt all over by a man, it was incredible! The way he seemed to not be able to stop touching her, everywhere. He was incensed and when he told her it was her body type that drove him so wild she knew that she had to keep it. Now this is not to say she hadn't found men who were more attracted to other shapes, some men seemed to care less about touching her body, but that is where she rooted her orgasms so those who did not lose their fucking shit over her with their hands never lasted more than half a night. 

There were three problems with her methods as of late, however, and she hoped to correct them all tonight! One: she seemed to be getting bored with the entire process herself, she felt like she had been touched in every way, everywhere and really needed a new sensation. This was also amplified by problem two, by some terrible piece of misfortune she had always seemed to land men with average size packages, with the biggest by far being seven inches. It wasn't like her world hadn't been rocked by those men, but something inside of her always seemed to be longing for more, especially when some of her girlfriends would talk about some of the horse hung men they had been lucky enough to be intimate with. And then there was 3, she had never had more than one orgasm with a man at a time. She had read all the Cosmoes and asked all her friends, she even once drunkenly asked her mom! Everyone confirmed that it was possible and she should have found it at least once by now, but somehow she just hadn't. All of these problems had been building little by little into a knot of stress in her womb and she desperately wanted to unleash all the tension and desire that had mounded up inside of her over the years.

Tonight she had a perfect situation, a man (R) who she flirted with and knew through enough people to know he was nice but not enough to care about complicating things with wild sex. She knew they both would be attending an acquaintances birthday she didn't care to stay all the way through. And an insatiable lust that had lasted almost the entire week no matter how many times she tried to masturbate it away.

When she arrived at the bar she saw him instantly. She stuck up a conversation, he bought her a drink, a drunk guy spilled that drink on her and then when her knight in a perfectly tailored suit offered and just about kicked the guys ass she instead offered to have him take her home, so he could help could clean her up.

They both knew in the hallway by the looks in each-others eyes what was going to happen as soon as she opened that door. She lived in an old building so his 6'5" frame had to duck just slightly to get through the door. As soon as it was shut he ran his hand down her neck and shoulder and all the way down her arm grabbing her hand, bringing her in for a passionate kiss. This led to a make out session directly out of a romance novel with swirling gestures and long forceful pinning against everything from the wall to the table and the couch to the floor. When she had escaped his grasp for an instant to remove her clothes he followed, throwing for his suit jacket almost angrily at having to wait any longer to have her. He worked off his tie as she struggled to slide he skirt off her round ass. He ripped open her blouse. This really was not as erotic as she imagined, it was an expensive top, but then looking up at the fire in his eyes her own center started to burn even hotter than before and she ripped four buttons off his shirt as well. His chest had two defined ridges in it and just enough hair to make him seem even more of a man. Rebecca couldn't help but run her claw like fingers over them as he gently but with aggression put his finger under her chin and brought her eyes up to meet his. She hadn't worn any underwear under that pencil skirt, knowing exactly what she was in for that night.

He reached down with both hands and lifted her up off the ground with ease. She grabbed his head with both hands grasping at his hair, he then while kissing her chest and holding her up with one arm exposed himself, the sound of his belt smacking the floor made her know what was about to happen. He looked up at her as he took the sides of her ass in both hands and began to lower her. He asked are you sure with his eyes and she nodded. She was shocked when the tip of his cock touched her dripping lips, it was much sooner than she expected, but she thought she must be just thrown off by his height. As his thick head entered her, driving her labia inside of herself she know that this was unlike anything she had ever felt, or even imaged. As he continued to lower her onto his unrelenting shaft her clit sunk as deep as it could go into her and she felt as full as she had ever been. She was anticipating him lifting her and how good it would feel to have the ridge of his head withdraw from her, but he continued to drive her down onto himself another full inch and a half until both of them realized the extreme tension that was being built by his cock stretching the back wall of here cunt as far as it could go. She let out an audible gasp "AHouoh" He began to work her up and down himself finding the extreme limits of his stroke. They continued like this until she came hard on him, grabbing and hugging him as she bucked back and forth on his amazing penis.

She knew this was the end so she prepared to go down to her knees and worship his magic cock with her mouth as he lifted her off his huge shaft and slowly let her feet touch the floor for the first time in twenty minutes. Instead though he grabbed the small of her back and the bottom of her thigh and laid her down on a plush rug in the middle of her living room. This was the first chance she had to see the incredible tool that had just worked her so well. It was thick and long at least 11" she thought. He was still rock solid and began to enter her swollen pussy. She whimpered as her own wetness was forced out by his invading. He began to pick up rhythm and then as she looked down she noticed it, the same "all the way filled" feeling was being reached and he still had the last 3 inches of his cock to go. He began to work his hips in many directions, until he found it, her cervix. It was electric for both of them the moment his head kissed the entrance to her womb. He kept that position perfectly with his tense rippling abs and began to thrust in and out of her slot, slowly at first using his entire body. She watched as his muscles fired in unison, giving her the pleasure she always craved. 

As his speed increased ever so steadily she began to feel something impossible, and she knew her mind had to be playing tricks on her when she looked down and it seemed only two inches of his shaft were now outside of her during the deepest parts of his thrust. All these thoughts melted away though as she felt her first ever second orgasm cumming on. The room was filled with his deep grunting and her incessant almost pleading for more almost crying from the intensity. Just as she was about to climax she felt it, something inside of her, deep inside of her, had given way and the last 3 inches drilled deep into her womb. She lost all control as his fat cock head was locked inside of her womb and his powerful strokes wrenched her cervix almost all the way to the opening and then back again. She was cumming to his rhythm, he was in control of the waves of her pleasure! She screamed as he intensified those waves and finally she passed out from the earth shattering orgasm she was having.

She came to almost immediately still orgasming. He slowly removed himself from her with a slight pop and then rolled over almost exhausted onto his strong back. His dick was still so solid Rebecca couldn't help but play with it. As she climbed up almost instinctively hoping for more he said only two words half out of breath, "other direction" Rebecca obeyed and climbed on reverse cowgirl. It was difficult for her to shove the entirety of him into her but as she achieve her goal she leaned back onto his sturdy hands and found herself rubbing her g-spot like a cat in heat all over the forked bottom of his swollen cock head. She continued until she felt another entirely new sensation, In a trance she began to rub her clit it was all too much for her, Her radiant cunt forced his cock out of her and she erupted, squirting cum all the way to his toes stretched out far in front of her. This had to have been his end goal because at that moment her grabbed his cock with his large rough hands, allowed her to flop to the floor completely satisfied, and unloaded himself all over her. She sat up just to get some in her mouth, she had to taste the man who had just done this to her. He then took his big hands and rubbed his cum into her skin as he continued to stoke himself harshly with his other hand.

Rebecca in a daze went to take a shower, when she emerged he was gone leaving a lovely note.

Dear Rebecca,

I know for you this was just sex, but I have never found anyone who could keep up with me the way you just did... If you ever want this again, I will want more than just a one time thing, I would need this forever. If not, this was unreal and I don't know if I will ever experience anything like it ever again. <3

- R