 Nancie Craig looked around the condominium she had shared with her husband for the past 10 years. It was a lovely home that had been full of life and laughter and good times and now it all seemed to be a lie. Every piece of furniture seemed to be yelling back at her "It was all bullshit, not one bit of it was real."

She felt herself tearing up and pushed it down. She was not going to cry again, she was NOT. She had done enough of that over the past few days, since discovering Cullen's horrible secret.

It had been Ashleigh who had broken the secret to her -- of course; it would have to be Ashleigh. To this day, she could not tell if Cullen's sister liked her or despised her. She hoped it was the former, because the attractive brunette was a fascinating woman, self-made and successful. Ashleigh ran her own media consulting firm and Nancie had done some freelance troubleshooting work for them over the years. That was how she had met Cullen. Cullen was smooth, funny, charming, with a whisky-soaked Irish brogue and an easy charm that got her into his bed on their second date. It hadn't taken him long to convince her to move in with him and even less time for him to propose. The sex was phenomenal and almost non-stop, if Cullen liked anything in this world, fucking topped the list. That suited Nancie just fine, because fucking was also # 1 on her list. You could have asked Tom, her ex, about that. They had not broken up about sex because from their first fuck until about a week before their split, they fucked as often as was humanly possible. One time, Nancie remembered with a giggle, they actually broke the bed in the middle of a heated fuck.

When Ashleigh broke the truth to her sister-in-law, Nancie hung up the phone and crumpled to the floor, weeping. Cullen could not be that cruel, Ashleigh must be lying to her, it was all some cruel prank the bitch was playing. That was it, it was a joke -- Nancie would do some digging and find out the truth.

She had never been a snoop, but on that day, she tore through their home and through all of Cullen's personal effects. To her sadness, she discovered that Ashleigh had been telling her the truth. For the entirety of their marriage, her handsome, older husband had been married to another woman. Her name was Brigid and to make matters worse, they had two children. That broke Nancie's heart, she had desperately wanted kids, but Cullen had told her that he was incapable of having them, "sterile from a riding accident", he had claimed. That lie stabbed her deep.

She got on the phone to a divorce attorney, although could she really get a divorce if her marriage wasn't legal? The attorney was a lovely woman who gave her terrific advice and made an appointment with her later in the week. "At the very least, we'll get that bastard for fraud," Mavis told her new client. "Sadly, you'd be surprised how often this kind of thing happens." 

Nancie wanted to cry. She had loved passionately and she had lost it all. It was going to be hard to face people, she knew that word was going to get around. She composed herself and called her parents, better they hear it from Nancie herself. When she heard her mother's soft voice on the other end of the phone, she lost any pretext at composure. Nicole wasn't able to get her daughter to speak intelligibly, so she handed the phone over to her husband. As Nancie managed to blurt out bits and pieces of the story, she could almost hear her father's rage on the other end of the phone.

"That lousy son of a bitch," Daniel Williams raged. "I'll break his Irish ass in two." Nancie chilled because that was no idle threat. Her father was an ex-Marine and a police captain and, at 50, was still tough as nails. Nancie had no doubt that her father could easily do what he said.

"No Daddy, don't do anything rash," Nancie said, feeling comforted by the sound of her parents' voices. At times like this, they seemed so far away, even though Toronto was just 90 minutes away. "I'm going to ruin him Daddy -- he's going to be finished in this town. I've got myself a tough-as-nails attorney and she says we'll destroy him. To start with, because of some legalities when we signed our mortgage on the house, he knowingly committed fraud. As long as I keep up payments, the house is mine and he can't touch it. His stuff is going to be out on the lawn when he gets back from his latest tour."

Kayla Williams said on the other end "I never did trust musicians."

"Oh mother," Nancie sighed, laughing a little for the first time in a while. "Tom was a musician and you liked him just fine."

"That's true," Kayla answered her daughter. "That man could charm the birds from the trees; I never did understand why you ended it with him."

"I liked him too, sweetheart," Danny Williams echoed his wife's sentiments. "I thought he had a good head on his shoulders, he worked at the recording studio as a sound engineer and he didn't just rely on music to make a living. He always had money in his pocket and he treated you so nicely. Just why did you break up?"

Nancie had never told her parents the reason. Simply put, she wanted kids and Tom did not. As an only child, she knew that her parents would want to be grandparents one day and that would not be possible with Tommy. They thought he was perfect and she didn't want to spoil their illusion, so she made up some excuse -- now she couldn't even remember the lie -- and went on with her life until meeting Cullen a year later. She had hoped to bless them with children though her marriage to Cullen but his lie was even bigger than the one she had told her parents all those years ago.

"We -- we wanted different things, that's all, Daddy," Nancie sighed. "I really should get going -- I need to decide if I'm going to burn Cullen's classic guitar or his favorite suit first."

Kayla laughed on the other end and Danny said "There's my girl." She hung up and was feeling a bit better. She wasn't really going to do any of that, but she was going to have all of Cullen's stuff on the lawn and in the garage by Friday. She could park the MG in the driveway for a few days, it was also hers. Cullen was driving his Miata and she thought now it might be the only thing that he owned outright.

She felt a pang of regret for Cullen's other family. How many times had he left Brigid and his children behind to come to her? Were all of his "tours" real or had he lied about those as well? She thought of something else and called her bank. She needed to freeze her bank accounts.

"Already done, Ms. Craig," The bank manager told her.

"I didn't call and authorize that, who ...?"

"A woman named Mavis Parker handled it for you, said she's your attorney. Is everything okay, did we do something wrong?" He asked her.

"No -- nothing wrong, that's perfect, thank you Mr. Spaulding," Nancie sighed. Mavis had been a great choice; she was on top of things. Nancie finally relaxed, blowing an idle, stray strawberry-blonde curl from her forehead. She wanted a drink and then she would tackle getting Cullen's stuff together and out of HER house. Nancie went to pour herself a tumbler of whisky and then thought, "What am I doing?" Whisky was HIS drink. She poured the entire contents of the bottle of expensive whisky down the kitchen sink and got herself a glass of gin. 3 drinks later and she was re-considering her position on setting fire to Cullen's guitar and suits. "I could have a barbecue and invite my friends," She giggled to herself. "It would be the most satisfaction that fucker has given me all week."

With Cullen on tour, she had gone without sex for a bit too long to suit her. Cullen hadn't been very responsive to her overtures as late anyway, she wondered if wifey was wearing him out? That wasn't fair to Brigid, likely she had had similar experiences. It was not her fault Cullen was a gerbil-dicked, two-timing bastard. Then a new thought occurred to her -- if Cullen was a cheating bigamist, why couldn't he be getting some while he was on the road? Now she wouldn't have put anything past the scumbag.

The following afternoon, after a few hours of sobriety, she was putting most of Cullen's things out on the front lawn when, to her complete surprise, Tom drove up in a sporty new Corvette. She hadn't seen him in over 7 years and he still looked good, maybe even better. He still had those high, beautiful cheekbones, those green eyes that always seemed to be twinkling and those dimples. He was still gorgeous and tall and if there were any regrets in Nancie's life, losing Tom topped the list.

"I just heard about Cullen, that two-timing rat," Tom said as he got out of the car and hugged his ex.

"I was thinking gerbil, but rat will do," She giggled as she noted his puzzled expression. "Why are you here, Tom? You don't live around here anymore."

"Was visiting the 'rents and my mom still talks to your mom all the time," He smiled. "When I heard, I thought I'd see if there was anything I could do."

She smiled; he still had a huge heart. She looked over at every one of Cullen's possessions and asked "Got Gasoline and some matches?" She giggled.

"Nah gorgeous, they'd probably arrest you for violating some city ordinance," He laughed with her.

"It wouldn't be the first time, would it?" She smiled at him, wondering if he would remember.

"Oh yeah, back in university when we locked ourselves in the dorms until they re-hired Miss Winston," Tom grinned. "How could I forget that? We got arrested, but it worked -- with all the negative publicity, they had to hire her back and pay her for lost wages too."

"Yes, and as I recall, she was very grateful," Tom smiled.

"Six times," Nancie sighed before breaking into a naughty giggle.

"Really? I only got four," Tom kept it up.

"Women have more stamina than men," Nancie teased.

"Sez you," He shot back.

"Sez me and as I recall, I could always prove it," Nancie smiled. "Tommy sweetheart, it's been wonderful seeing you again, but I have to finish this. That son of a bitch is coming home late tonight or early tomorrow and I want it out of MY house. I'm having the locks changed in a few hours and I want to get this done."

Tom looked at his ex, in a halter tied under her breasts and shortie-shorts; she still made his heart race. The years had been good to her, her body had a few more curves, but her ass was still fine and she had those legs and that face. He had never fallen out of love with her and he wondered if she knew that.

Nancie felt pangs every time she looked at him. He had a beard now and it suited him, a bit of grey marked his dark hair, but everything else was just so ... so TOM. She still loved him and she always would. She wished that she could tell him as much.

"I'm going to make a deal with you," Tom smiled. "Seeing as it would make me very happy to help you erase that cheating bastard from your life, why don't you let me help you with this? I'll schlep all the heavy stuff and you can show me where you want it. In return, you let me take you to dinner."

"Okay, that isn't fair -- you do all the work and buy dinner? I have money now Tommy -- I'm a liberated, soon to be single woman -- I buy dinner and we go somewhere nice, it's been a while," She beamed. Could Tom possibly hear her heart thumping in her chest?

"Deal," Tom smiled at her. Fate had brought them back together or else, why would he have picked this week to visit his parents? He hadn't been back in months and for some reason, he felt the need to visit home again.

Tom began moving boxes and objects around and within two hours, Cullen and his shit were out of her house and on their way to being out of her life. She gave Tom a big hug and a large part of her didn't want to let go. She might have gotten a little more frisky, but just then, Cullen pulled up in his Miata. He looked at the pile on the lawn and got out of his car.

"What the devil do you think you're playing at, miss?" He asked his wife, his face red with rage.

Nancie wasn't backing down. "It's over Cullen -- we're over. I know all about Brigid and you're in deep shit. You can arrange to have your stuff picked up and take what you need for now, but get off my property. There isn't one thing in that house that is yours and my lawyer told me if you cause any trouble, I can have you forcibly moved or arrested. You're a low-life piece of trash and I can't believe I wasted 10 years of my life on you," She hissed.

He looked as if he was about to hit her, although Cullen had never been violent. "What makes you think I'll stand being talked to like that by my own wife on my own property?" Just then, Tom came around the corner from putting the last few items in the garage.

"I think you'll be leaving and the lady just explained it to you, bub," Tom smiled, getting in Cullen's face. "You're not married to her and you never were, you weasel-faced little prick. Furthermore, this isn't your home and it never will be again, so haul ass before I beat the shit out of you and stuff you in the trunk of that piece of shit you call a car."

Cullen blanched. "So, it's like that, is it? You've been fucking around on Cullen with the old boyfriend?"

"No, I haven't, you lousy fucker!" Nancie snarled. "I'm not like that, but if I was, who are you to cast any stones? You've got a WIFE Cullen -- a WIFE, that poor woman, I feel for her. And you have KIDS, and you know I wanted that more than anything." It all finally got to Nancie and she began weeping. By then, a large crowd had gathered.

A large, bear-sized paw appeared on Cullen's shoulder. It was Mike Millar, a neighbor from down the street who was a police officer and had never much liked Cullen. "You had better clear off Cullen, I can have a few of my friends here in about 10 minutes and you'll be arrested for creating a public disturbance and trespassing. What's it going to be?"

Cullen grumbled, picked up a few boxes and got back in his car, burning rubber as he left. Neighbors all gave Nancie consoling hugs and she thanked Mike, who smiled and told her he would keep an eye on the house for a few days.

"I think we have a dinner date," Nancie smiled at Tom.

"Hey, we can postpone," Tom said, hoping she would turn that down.

She did. "Go home and shower and put on a suit, we're going fancy -- all the money is in my name, we can have the best steak money can buy. I'm famished, so haul your ass, got it?"

Every time she smiled at him, Tom remembered every adventure they had ever had, in bed and out. He had been with women since, but none had been "it". Nancie had been the one, was life giving him the chance to correct a huge mistake? God, he sure hoped so. He got in his Corvette, made it to his parents and showered and changed in record time.

"Listen to your mother, you great big idiot," Calleigh Duquesne told her son. "If you are stupid enough to let that girl go again, I'm going to find the yardstick I used on you when you were a boy and swat your ass red," She smiled. "You loved her then and you love her now -- it's as simple as that."

"She's right son," Eric told his son. "We loved Nancie; we never knew what ended it between you two."

Tom looked at them both and was stunned. Hadn't he ever told them, hadn't Nancie's parents, who were their closest friends?

"She wanted kids dad and I didn't," Tom said.

"Lord, I raised an idiot," Calleigh groaned. "Tommy, you love kids. I've seen you around your sister's children, they run to you."

"Yeah, now they do," Tom said. "Back then, they made me nervous or bugged the hell out of me. What changed?"

"You grew up, that's what," Calleigh swatted his butt. "You had better win her back, because I want some more grandchildren!"

Tom hoped that he could grant his mother's wishes, but he had a long way to go. Nancie was going to be hurting and maybe she would just want to be friends. Whatever she wanted, he would move heaven and earth for her. Now that he was writing songs steadily and earning a decent living, he didn't have to live so far away. He could live and work here and be with her. However she wanted it, that's how it would be.

He also chuckled to himself as he realized he'd worked up an appetite. "I really could use a steak," He thought to himself, remembering her promise.

When he got to her door and she opened it, thoughts of food flew from his brain. She was wearing a dress that was form-fitting and low-cut. It went down almost to her feet and had a small slit on one side. She was so tanned and fit and the back dipped low as well. She was wearing blue heels that matched the dress and jeweled earrings, Nancie looked like a million dollars. She wrapped her arms around him and kissed him hard, sucking the air from his lungs.

"I never fell out of love with you," She sighed as she broke their kiss. "I wanted to say that at the outset, I'm going to get you back. You were the man of my dreams and we belong together, if it takes years, I'm going to make you see it."

"Nancie, I ..."

"Shh, don't say anything. I'm hungry and you look gorgeous. We have a reservation at Ma Maison and we're going in the Vette and you're going to let me drive," She smiled.

"What makes you think that?" He teased her.

She spun around and showed off her still-perfect body. "Because I look like this, that's what." She giggled.

He hadn't told her anything yet, that his entire life plan had changed, that he wanted her back. She wanted him; she was making a play for him. Was his mom right, had he grown enough to be everything Nancie needed now? After Cullen, he didn't want to abuse her trust.

Over a wonderful dinner, he made small talk while dazzled by someone who was so beautiful he almost wanted to cry. By dessert, there was no doubt in his mind, none at all, that whatever she wanted or needed to be happy from her on in, she would get it. If she wanted 12 kids like in "Cheaper by the Dozen", he'd find a way to make it happen.

"Let's go back to my place, darling," Nancie told him. "It's getting late."

"We could go to my folks', they'd love to see you," He told her.

"Another time darling, I don't think they'd want to hear us fucking," Nancie said, putting her cards on the table. Tom risked getting a ticket racing back to Nancie's home in the Corvette. Once in the door, she was all over him and the sexy blue dress slid to the floor. Oh lord, she was still incredible. The only changes now were a few more tan lines; a few more curves and sexy navel piercing that he really thought suited her. She picked up the dress and slung it over her shoulder, walking to the stairs. "Follow me to the bedroom, first door on the right," She grinned. "If you're not there in 5, I'm sending out a search party."

Tom made it in 4 and pulled her close, kissing her fiercely. Her agile little tongue slipped into his mouth and he groaned, remembering all the tricks that little tongue could perform. She dropped to her knees as she yanked his pants to the ground. His boxers followed and his cock sprung free. "Yum, yum, it remembers me," She smiled. Her lips ovalled and she sucked him in, bringing back a flood of memories for the handsome song writer. She was being purposely noisy as she sucked him, she wanted him to remember everything, all their lovemaking, the playmates they had enjoyed, the role-playing and most of all, the love and trust. Tom let himself give in to the moment and came in her mouth. "You still taste wonderful," She sighed.

"Let's see if I can say the same about you," Tom smiled, throwing off the rest of his clothes and parting her long legs. He went about teasing and licking and eating her pussy, loving the way she hissed and snarled, remembering how nasty she could get when really into it. One time, when they had picked up a little Asian cutie at a hotel bar, Nancie had been so fierce in her loving of the girl that she had passed out. Another time, he recalled, they had fucked so hard that they broke the bed.
