 As she kissed him, she knew this would be the last time.

She kissed him deep and long, using her tongue to explore the mouth that she already knew so well. Savouring him so she would always remember.

She felt his hand stray to her breast, touching caressing her through her top and bra.

He lifted her top up and over her head dropping it onto the floor. She knew he was gazing at her lacy bra and ample breasts showing over the top.

He bent his head and kissed each breast in turn smothering them with feather light kisses while caressing them, making her nipples stand to attention.

She sighed with pleasure, knowing this would be the last time she felt his hot breath against her skin. He unhooked her bra allowing her breasts to spill into his waiting hands. Teasing her nipples between his finger and thumb, and then placing his lips against her nipple, he blew across it making her shiver with delight.

Taking her nipple in his mouth he teased it around with his tongue, then gently sucking, until she began to moan.

She could feel his cock straining against the material of his trousers and her leg.

Placing her hand upon his cock she felt him jerk, tracing his growing bulge, now it was her turn to tease. She felt along it, over and round it, touching teasing. Knowing what he wanted, knowing him so well anticipating just when he needed to be released. 

She unbuttoned his trousers and pulled down his zip allowing his stiff cock to jerk up against the material of his boxer shorts. She stood him up removing his trousers only, leaving his boxers on. She removed his shirt so he was standing in just his boxers. Then she pushed him back onto the bed.

This was going to be the best love making session that she could achieve, so he would know just how much he would miss her.

She kissed his lips then his neck. Sucking gently on his Adam's apple, he shivered.

She smiled as she kissed lower along his chest. She changed the kisses to licking knowing how this turned him on. He began to moan and his breathing deepened.

She licked lower across his stomach, reaching his belly button she probed it with her tongue licking around the outside then delving her tongue inside. She felt him push on the back of her head pushing her tongue deeper into his belly button. She giggled at the feeling and the knowledge of his enjoyment.

She moved lower ignoring the obvious area and instead licking his thighs driving him wild. He was thrusting his hips up into her face. Still she licked all around his boxers being careful not to touch. It was driving him wild, he tried to grab her head but she dodged his hands. She looked up into his face and saw wanton desire staring back at her.

She smiled knowing that he wanted her. Knowing just how wild she was driving him.

He looked at her and begged. She ignored him. So he begged some more. She once more ignored him.

He moaned and begged, she relented and took off his boxers. Now his stiff cock sprang free but she still did not touch him. She carried on licking his thighs. Tiny swirling licks that were driving him wild, she licked where his legs joined his body, he jerked.

She began to lick his balls. Hard almost massaging licks. Then she took both of his balls in her mouth and gently rolled them round with her tongue. Making him moan.

She released his balls and smiled. Secure in the knowledge that she was driving him wild with desire.

Licking up and down his stiff throbbing cock, not quite reaching the end. Licking up and down round and round. She pushed his cock back against his stomach and licked where his shaft jutted out from his body. He mouthed something she didn't quite catch, but she smiled.

Then she changed her licks to nibbles and nibbled up his hot cock.

"Christ," he moaned.

As she reached his purple cock head, she saw the pre-cum glistening over it and grinned. Bending her head she finally began to lick the end of his cock. Tasting the slight saltiness of him. Flickering licks that sent indescribable sensations racing through his body. She teased him until he could stand no more and grabbing her hair thrust his cock into her open mouth. Sliding it right to the back of her throat then thrusting some more, as if trying to make her swallow him all. 

She gagged, tears filling her eyes and running down her face as he thrust even harder. 

"Bitch! Fucking bitch! Im going to fuck your mouth until I cum!" he whispered.

She realised that this was no idle threat.

He thrust in and out of her mouth, his cock throbbing filling her mouth to capacity. Making her gag on every inward thrust. On every drawback she managed to take a short gulp of air. Then he was thrusting harder and faster holding her head so that she couldn't pull away. She relaxed as she got used to the urgent thrusting. As she relaxed she found she wasn't gagging anymore.

"Good! fucking bitch! That's it take me all bitch! Suck it baby!" he breathlessly moaned.

Doing as he urged she sucked hard every time he thrust inwards. He was soon panting and moaning. His balls grew hotter and heavier and she knew he was about to cum.

"Bitch! God! .........Bitch..Im..Going.. to.. Cum!" he groaned.

Then he did. Shooting his hot creamy cum down her throat. She sucked hard draining every last drop from him.

Finally he released her head. She let his cock plop out of her mouth, and lay back on the bed panting. Taking in big gasps of air. 

They looked into each other's eyes and grinned.

Taking his head in her hands she kissed him, exploring his mouth, letting him taste his own cum. He shuddered.

They held each other close as they both recovered. He placed his hand on her hairy mound. Gently rubbing his finger along her wet snatch. He felt her clit and began to rub it. Round and round using just the right amount of pressure to make her squirm.

He grinned at her. Wriggling himself round on the bed so that he was facing her beautiful cunt. Looking at her cunt he could see just how turned on she was, her cunt lips were swollen pink and puffy, just how he liked them.

He licked along each of her cunt lips making her moan and shiver in anticipation.

Opening them with his fingers he licked along her inner lips, smiling at her heady scent. The heady intoxicating scent of her arousal.

The thought that this was the last time he would smell this, her special unique scent, raced fleetingly through his head. Making him sigh deeply.

He licked round and round her clit, taking it in his mouth he gently suckled on her clit, feeling it fill with blood and enlarge. Making her wriggle and groan.

She shivered as the full force of her orgasm washed over her, making her cunt twitch and pulsate, and bathing him in her wetness.

He tongue fucked her pussy, enjoying the way she ground against his face.

He drew away his face glistening with her juices.

Moving back up the bed he replaced his tongue with his newly risen cock.

Thrusting in deep making her moan in pleasure. As he lay savouring her cunt round his cock. She began to lick her own juices from his face. It never failed to amaze him how much she loved the taste of her cunt juices. She finished licking his face clean then kissed him. A long smouldering kiss that almost made him cum on the spot.

He began to slowly move in and out of her. Both of them savouring the moment knowing it would be their last.

He suckled on her breasts as she stroked his hair. Keeping up his steady slow thrusting. She moaned. Her cunt began to twitch again. Flooding them both with wetness.

He smiled as he felt her cum.

Then he speeded up pulling out until just his tip was in, then thrusting so deep she felt as if he were trying to thrust into her stomach. She groaned with each new thrust.

He fucked her long deep and hard just how she liked it.

He gave one final thrust, going so deep she was sure he was embedded in her womb. Then he shuddered and jerked spurting his cum straight up her cunt. As she felt him shudder her own orgasm hit making her see stars. She came gushes of clear nectar all around his balls. They lay together joined and spent. Dozing in the aftermath of the most fantastic final lovemaking.

He stood up and began to dress. Putting on the uniform he had so wantonly discarded. She watched him as he glanced at his watch.

"Nearly time," he said.

Reluctantly she stood and climbed into the neat pile of clothes on the chair. She brushed her hair and ran her hands over her breasts. Feeling her still aroused nipples through the coarse orange material.

"Ready!" she said. Taking a deep breath.

Taking her hands in his, he bend and kissed them one last time as he handcuffed them behind her back. He banged on the door.

"Prisoner ready," he shouted.

The door opened and she stepped out to begin her final walk.

The walk along the corridor seemed endless as different voices shouted farewell.

She took a deep breath as they at last reached their destination.

She entered the room with her head held high.

As she was strapped down to the trolley, she looked up and smiled at the last man to experience her body. He smiled back.

The drip was attached to her arm and started. As the poison coursed through her body, she felt strange tingling sensations like tiny bee stings. It didn't feel unpleasant in fact it was similar to arousal. Her nipples grew hard again and her cunt twitched. She looked into his face. 

"Thank you!" she mouthed.

As the poison coursing through her body took effect, she became aroused. Fully aroused she died with a grin on her face.

Then much to the disgust of his fellow prison officers. He bent down and gently placed the last ever kiss on her lips.

Then with tears in his eyes he left the room.