 The evening began at her house where he picked her up and whisked her off to dinner at his place. As they arrived at the house, it was getting dark, and there were no lights on in the house.

He opened the front door, and, after taking off his shoes and hers also, went around the house lighting candles along the hall and in the rooms they would be occupying. After leading her into the dining room, he left her waiting in the dining room while he went to get the food, and she made herself comfortable.

He took his time in the kitchen, leaving her to have a look around the place, he banged things, pretended he was doing something while he allowed her to get used to her surroundings.

She got up from the table and, finding the matches, she lit the candles on the table. The room was suddenly much warmer and brighter and she sat back down feeling more comfortable.

He arrived a minute later with the meal, which consisted of pasta with some herbs, some stir-fry vegetables and marinated chicken. He placed the meal on the table and then went back into the kitchen to get something to drink.

When he came back with a jug of water and some glasses, she had already started eating.

"Hungry or something?" he asked.

"Ah, yeah," she replied.

As the meal went on, they talked together about various topics, from life and love to society and college.

Once the meal was finished -- they both polished it off-- he took the dishes into the kitchen. She got up and followed him, and as he ran the water to wash-up, she took up station behind him, groping him from behind. She held her hand to his face, and gently he took in his own hand, and with the other hand he gave her a dish-cloth. 

"You can help me wash up first, my little darling," he said, ever so sweetly. And with that, she disentangled from him, and gave his rear a good hard slap. 

"Cheeky," she mumbled.

As the water began to run hot, they worked together to wash up, subconsciously trying to get it done as fast as possible. Their hands met in the warm water on more than one occasion and parted with a lustful squeeze.

Once the dishes were washed and dried, she leaned against the sink and watched the way his body moved as he cleared them away to their rightful homes throughout the kitchen,

As he finished placing the last item in a low cupboard, he rose and turned to look at her, and their eyes met in a lustful gaze that seemed to last for minutes. He moved across the kitchen and embraced her lovingly, and she returned his embrace with fervour. He gazed into her eyes and whispered to her, "You look gorgeous, you know?" and with that their lips met and their tongues danced a sweet tango.

After minutes passed, which seemed like hours to the couple, they broke the embrace, and, gasping for air, he grabbed two glasses and poured some water for them both.

"How long has it been?" he asked quietly as he sipped on some water. 

"Oh, six or seven years, I'd say," she said, in a comical way. He looked sidelong at her for a few moments.

Then he took her hand and they adjourned to his bedroom He sat her down on the couch and went to the player on the wall, and put on some classic flamenco guitar music. Then he sat down on the couch beside her, and gazed into her eyes.

He just sat there and gazed into her eyes. He didn't say a word. Neither did she. She just returned his stare. Slowly, after a time, he took her hand in his, and raising it to his lips, he kissed her hand, and then opening the palm of her hand, raising it up, he kissed her there also. Then he closed her hand and pressed it against his chest. Her eyes went wide with astonishment, and, he could see with lust, as she felt his heart beating inside his chest.

Not even for a second did he take his eyes from hers. Then he took her hand from his chest, and pressed it to his cheek. He raised his other hand and pressed it against her cheek. She raised her hand to his, and taking it in her hand she kissed his hand in the same way he had kissed hers.

He felt her heart race as she pressed his palm to her chest as he had done to her and then, after a time, she returned it to her cheek.

As they sat there, with the light, plucking of the guitar music in the background, they slowly moved together and for what seemed yet again like hours, they embraced each other and kissed, long and hard, deep and passionate until the air was sapped from their lungs and they had to come up for some sweet, blissful air.

As the mood revved up a notch, their hands began to wander across each other's bodies, hers focusing on his back and his neck, his keeping a hand to her back and one eventually reaching her breasts, gently kneading them, making her purr in his mouth. She pulled her head back from their kiss to look him in the eye. 

"God, I love that!" she said. With that she moved to remove her top, and he removed his hands, sat back and watched her bare her chest to him. 

"Will you do the honours?" she asked him demurely. His answer was to reach around her to the clasp of her bra, unhooking it with relative ease and throwing it onto the bed. "Need I tell you what to do?" she asked him as he gazed at her small, yet full breasts and her slightly puffy nipples. 

Yet again her question was answered with swift action as he replaced his hand at the small of her back and placed his mouth over a nipple. She gasped loudly as he flicked his tongue out and made contact with her nipple, which responded in turn by swelling up to nearly twice its size, followed by it's neighbour on the opposite breast. "Man, I've been waiting so long to see these." he said, slightly incoherently (understandably).

"Well don't wait for my signal, then." she said with a hint of sarcasm and another quick gasp as he resumed his task, taking her engorged nipple into his mouth, sucking on it with all the care and compassion of their previous long-drawn kisses. "Oooohh," She moaned as he left that nipple and moved over to its heretofore unnoticed companion.

She moaned some more as her made a circle around her areola with his tongue, and she squirmed in his arms as her again took a nipple into his mouth. "Oh, uhh, Christ that feels good!" she purred into his ear. 

He took his head from her breast long enough to mutter "I told you it would," and then went back to the task at his hand.

"Oh, you're making me soooo wet!" she half-screamed away from his ear. 

"Good. There lots more where this came from. The night is still damn young," he said as he disengaged from her and stood to remove his t-shirt and long-sleeve baring his naked chest to her.

"I still think you're sexy, no matter what you say about yourself," she said to him, as she stood up to embrace him. 

"That's only because I'm making you feel so good right now." he replied, nuzzling her nose and cheek with his nose, and kissing her neck, slowly making his way back to her breast. 

"Maybe, (gasp) but... it's... certainly...not...the only...reason...uhhh," she said, gasping as he reached her sensitive nipples again.

"Sure, sure," he muttered between mouthfuls of breast. 

While he kept up a certain rhythm with one hand on her breast, alternating from one to the other, and also with his mouth, he lowered his other hand to her firm cheeks, and squeezed and rubbed, in the most sensual way she could describe. (She later described it to him like as if she was being tickled by a feather while being groped firmly at the same time.) 

As her hands had little to do, she drew one hand down her belly towards her pants, past the line of her jeans, inside her panties, her fingers curling through the soft curls of her pubis as she reached her prize. 

She let out another gasp as she reached the engorged nub of her clitoris, and he was unable to tell it from the gasps and moans he was eliciting from her himself. "Oh, I see I'm not enough for you, but you have to go and help yourself?" he said as he disengaged from her breasts and saw her hand hidden down her pants. She opened her eyes and looked at him rather sheepishly and withdrew her hand from her jeans. 

She began to shift her gaze to the floor, but he moved back to her and took her now slightly wet hand in his, and lifted it to his face. He brought her hand to his nose, and inhaled deeply. "Mmmm..." he said on the exhale. He took her wet fingers to his mouth and began to lick and suck them clean. Again, as he did this, he kept eye contact with her and with relish he saw the shock in her eyes.

"Do you want to get in on this?" he said, bringing her hand to her own face.

She took her hand from his grasp and with a look of impunity, she shoved her hand back inside her pants and, after a moment, withdrew it again, drew it to her face, and performed the same ritual with her hand and fingers as he had. He could see the eagerness in her eyes and saw her lick her fingers of her secretions with relish. "What do you say we crank this up a notch?" he asked her, with a raised eyebrow. "Yes would be proper response," he said.

As his meaning sank in, she moved over to the bed and moved her hands to remove her jeans. 

"Ah, may I?" he asked. She didn't say anything as he moved over to the bed and, kneeling beside her, unbuttoned, and unzipped her jeans with a slow and certain pace. As he drew her jeans down her legs he noticed just how wet she had become with a raised eyebrow and a silent inward gasp. 

She noticed his look, and said "This is what you do to me!!" she said with a hint of pride.

"Unbelievable, " he said as he brought her jeans to her ankles and she stepped out of them. He then proceeded to remove her socks, kissing and lightly massaging each foot as he did so. 

"You know just how to get me going, you know that?" she said to him, as he rose to his feet, his eyes locking on to hers. They embraced and kissed deep and passionate for another few minutes and then she broke the embrace, looked deep into his eyes and whispered, "Get on with it." 

With that, she lay back on the bed, raised her legs to expose her sex to him and removed her panties. He took them from around her feet and, with a cursory sniff of the sodden undergarment, tossed it onto the couch. He then brought her legs down again and said "It's only you and me here. You needn't be such an exhibitionist, you know." Her response was her tongue which she wagged at him. "You'll regret that missy," he said to her with a reproachful finger pointed in her direction. He then moved in between her legs and placed both hands on her abdomen, slowly stroking her stomach, and ever so slowly drifting further down her body until his hands skirted the expanse of close cropped hair covering her pubic mound. 

"I see you take care of yourself down here," he said to her. 

"But of course! Only the best for our first time, or any time for that matter," she replied. 

"True, true," he said as his hands traced further down and reached her thighs. He played around with the idea of teasing her but he was much too eager to get on with it himself that he just got on with it. He knelt down on the soft carpeted floor and brought his hands to her lips.

Drawing her lips apart, he gazed at her pussy with lustful intent as she lay back awaiting his every move. 

"No-one has ever seen me quite this exposed, you know," she said from the bed. 

"I'm gratified to be the first one," he replied. 

"Well you're not the first one, but you're definitely the most special to me," she said with sincerity.

"I only hope I can outshine those others in someway," he said, their eyes locked.

"You already have darling. Tonight is one of the most special nights of my life," she said with a wink.

Then he moved in for the kill. As she was about to say something else to him, she took another deep gasp and let out a long, drawn-out moan as his tongue reached her clitoris. He lapped at her pussy as she squirmed on the bed. Within minutes she was moaning loudly and her breathing was laboured as she approached the edge of her first orgasm of the night. She let out a dull groan as the wave of pleasure rolled over her body. 

He didn't abandon his oral assault on her until she was begging for him to stop. Grudgingly, he let up, and got up to lie beside her on the bed. He took her in his arms and kissed her face all over and her neck, slowly moving down to her breasts again. "Mmhh...What about you?... Surely... mmmhhh...I can do something ... uhh ... mmh... for you?" she said with difficulty as he resumed his sensual attack on her. He didn't reply but kept licking and sucking her already engorged nipples. After a few moments, she took his head from her breast and looked into his eyes. "It's your turn now," she said.

She got up from the bed and pulled him by the leg to the edge of the bed. "Whoa, steady-on! There's no need to get rough," he said, as she knelt on the floor at the edge between his legs and manhandled him trying to get his pants off. "Hold on. Let me do it," he said as he stood and undid his belt and unbuttoned his pants. "Now, work away," he proclaimed.

"You're so kind," she said sarcastically as she moved her hands to his zip and drew it down slowly.

"I know that. Just, be gentle okay?" he said with a hint of apprehension.

"Don't you worry, I'll say the same to you later," she said giving him another one of her sly winks. Then she proceeded with taking off his pants, and she pushed him back onto the bed as she reached his ankles and then removed them completely. "Oh. Somebody's happy to see the light of day," she said with a wry smile as she looked him over.

"What's that supposed to mean?" he said a little too sharply.

"Nothing. Just shut up and take off your socks. I have a thing about other people's socks," she said eyeing his bulging crotch with suspicion.

"Well I wouldn't have thought that from the way you attacked my trousers," he said with a smirk as he removed his socks and threw onto the slowing growing pile of clothes at the end of the bed.

"Oh, aren't you the funny one?" she said as she moved her hands to his abdomen and began tracing circles around his belly-button and over his stomach with her fingers.

"Ah, that tickles!" he shouted as he squirmed at her sensitive touch.

"Oh, I hope so," she laughed as she slowly moved her hands lower and lower until she reached the waistband of his underwear. "I hope these are clean?" she asked him, eyeing his boxer-shorts suspiciously.

"Well they won't be for long if you don't hurry up and get them off me," he said, trying to suppress his giggles as she continued making the circles.

Instead of answering him, she just kept eye contact with him and kept up the rhythm of her circling fingers on his stomach.

"I hope you like this," she said as she quickly moved her hands to the waistband of his underwear and removed them slowly but gracefully, allowing his penis to spring free of its confinement and stand at half-mast. As she removed his boxer-shorts fully and looked back to his crotch she said, "I think that answers that."

He was too excited to say anything aside from grunt once or twice. As if demonstrating his excitement, she gasped and riveted her eyes to his penis as she saw it twitch and grow slowly larger against his belly.

Through his gritted teeth, he managed to say, "I know it's not huge but...I know how to use it."

As his comment slowly worked its way into her consciousness, she looked up at his face, and their eyes met. He looked away sheepishly.

"Hey, look at me," she said, moving in close to his body and laying her hands on his abdomen again, at either side of his now gently throbbing penis. He turned his head back to her and looked into her eyes. "As long as it's you that I'm with, I don't care if it's huge or tiny, it's you, and that's all that matters," she said with complete sincerity and then, holding his gaze, she moved her mouth to the head of his penis and slowly took it into her mouth, swirling her tongue over and back along his crown.

All he could manage was a strangled gasp, as he went rigid on the bed and came in her mouth right there.

As his orgasm caught her off guard, she didn't expect her mouth to fill up with his cum, so invariably a portion of it spilled from her mouth down his shaft and terminated its descent at the base of his penis. She did however, once she realised what was happening, clamp her mouth over his penis and took it fully into her mouth to stop anymore of his cum from escaping her grasp.

While she began sucking at the tip of his penis to get the rest of his ejaculate, he was squirming on the bed in ecstasy. However, once the orgasm passed, he stopped squirming and the embarrassment set in.

"Oh, Christ, I'm really sorry. Oh, man," he said trying to rise off the bed. She kept her hands on his abdomen and kept him laying back until she was finished.

As she finished sucking it all up from his slowly softening erection, she sat back on her haunches and let him rise off the bed.

"I'm really sorry. Seriously," he said to her, trying to avoid her gaze. She drew herself up, placed her hands on his thighs, and stared at him until he looked her in the eye.

She brought her hands to his face and focused his eyes on her. Then she brought her mouth to his and they kissed passionately. As their tongues entwined, he stiffened beneath her and broke the kiss.

"What the hell is th..." was all he could say before the sultry look in her eyes and his memory made reality dawn on him. He continued to stare at her with an open-mouthed, awed gaze.

She drew towards him again and he didn't resist as they resumed their kiss, and in fact he was soon drawn back into the mood and was even more excited by her bold gesture.

After a few passionate minutes, they broke the embrace and he again stared at her in amazement.

"That was so damn sexy!" he managed to proclaimed after another moment of open-mouthed awe.

"Why thank you," she said, with a sly smile on her beautiful face.

"You...you don't mind that...I...came too early?" he asked apprehensively.

"What do you think?" she asked coyly, as she raised a breast to her mouth and brought the nipple into her mouth. "Mmm...mmm...I must try this more," she said as she drew the now wet nipple from her mouth. "Thanks for introducing me to my nipples," she said as she returned her eyes to his.

"Wow. Thanks for...thanks for everything," he said, still staring at her in awe.

"Oh come on! Get over it, for cripes' sake!" she said, pretending to be annoyed at his awe-struck gaze.

Finally allowing his senses to recover from the extremely sexual awakening they had just received not two minutes previous, he finally said "Come here, sit on my lap."

She rose from her spot on the floor, and getting up on the bed, and standing beside him, she placed a leg on either side of him, and, holding on to his neck, she gently lowered herself to straddle his lap.

"I didn't exactly mean it that way, but...yeah, whatever," he said, a tad confused, as he slowly realised how much better a position it was that she had placed herself in.

Being a bit shorter than him, her face was now level with his and her pussy was now in a perfect position for the next new adventure of the night. However, for the moment, she was quite content to sit with her legs around his waist and her arms around his neck as they again began kissing deep, hard and passionate, breaking off every now and then to catch some air and kiss each other's necks and faces.

The continued this slow, passionate affair for another few long minutes, until he moved his focus again to her breasts and, more importantly, her nipples.

Her already engorged nipples were further excited as his tongue was reunited with them once again, and her breathing became more and more laboured as he lavishly licked and sucked her nipples with her tongue. As she got more and more excited from his oral assault on her breasts, she hardly noticed his now stiffening penis growing against her ass. It was slowly growing and pressing against her perineum.
