 Walking through the train I looked around the at the mix of people on board. There were business men and women, party goers, fathers, mothers, teens and young adults. The last train north on a Friday night always had a good mix of everyone. And me being a people watcher I loved this journey. Seeing couples too aroused to wait till they got home. Or the working girl or rent boy trying to land that last trick of the night. It sometimes felt like the last days of Sodom and Gomorrah. The whole train smelled of sex. I found myself a seat towards the back of the train, facing the front so I could see people coming and going. I'm there to watch, to hunt, to find the people that want no strings hook ups. Some call me a pervert. I like to think of myself as an opportunist. 

Sometimes all I get is a show, maybe it's a lady opening her legs to show off her knickers, sometimes it's a well hung guy stroking himself or a couple getting frisky. But then there are the times I'm lucky enough to find someone that dares take things further. Like the guy who blew me and 3 other guys in the back seats of a nearly empty first class carriage, or the woman that handed me a note the 4th time she pass to go to the toilet, that just said "follow me". 

It all started last year. I was sitting alone reading my paper when I felt someone was watching me, I looked over the top and saw a young girl, 18, dressed in a leather jacket with a crop top underneath and a micro mini skirt and high heels, staring right at me with a lustful look in her eyes that made me uncomfortable. I tried to return to reading but she then sat right next to me, almost on me. I looked at her and she smiled, I nervously smiled back as she put her hand on my leg and slowly started to rub further and further up towards my straining crotch. I lay my paper over my lap to hide what she was doing from anyone that might pass by, but a quick look around told me we were very much alone. Her hand had found her prize and her fingers expertly unzipped and freed my hard cock from my pants and soon she was jerking me off, still smiling as my breath became faster and sharper. 

I knew she knew I was close, but didn't expect what she did next. With her free hand she threw my paper from my lap across the carriage and bent forward and sank to her knees without missing a stroke. Her mouth took over from where her hand left off and I gasped as my orgasm thundered from my cock, filling her mouth with jizz. She kept sucking me as the last of my cum dribbled from my semi hard member, then with a final kiss she quickly replaced my cock stood up and walked away from my seat. I was in shock as the train rolled to a stop in my station and had to race to the exit. It wasn't till I was at my front door that I realised my fly was still wide open.

That was the first time anything like that had happened to me, but it wasn't the last. The week after, again sat alone reading my paper, the carriage door opened and a tall slim business woman walked past looking down at me as she went. I glanced up at her and smiled. Her hair was pulled back in a tight ponytail, she worn a smart pinstripe jacket and short skirt, black nylons and heels. She stopped. She didn't return my smile, she just looked at me, assessed me, then flicked her head in a, come with me kinda way. I looked around then stood and followed her. I stopped as she entered the toilet thinking I'd misread the flick of her head. But she turned and waved me inside. I quickly stepped inside and locked the door. She grabbed and kissed me with a passion, our tongues fighting in each other's mouths, our hands groping each other, she pulled at my belt as I pulled her skirt up to her waist. 

Exposing her stockings and bare ass, pushing her against the sink. My cock stood straight out as she lifted one leg then the other, wrapping them round my waist and guided me inside her wet pussy. Her warmth covered my whole cock as she gasped and mashed her lips against mine. I slowly entered her, till I felt my balls kissed by her pussy lips. Her nails gripped my backside causing me to cry out and pull her head back by her hair, she gasped as I started to slam myself into her as hard as I could, mashing her lips into mine we kissed more as I fucked into her hot cunt. I felt my cum boiling in my balls as I pulled out and spun her round, bending her forward and spearing her back onto my cock. Moans and the sound of her sloppy cunt filled the small toilet. She pushed back to meet my thrust. Sweat covered us both as I leaned over and gasped in her ear, "I'm gonna cum!" 

Harder and faster she slammed back onto my cock as l lost the battle and my first blast of cum coated her insides. I pulled out as my second blast hit her pussy lips dripping onto her stocking tops as she turned round, dropped to her knees engulfing me as my third and fourth blast filled her mouth. I stood resting against the wall panting hard as she sucked out the last of my cum and licked me clean. She looked me in the eye as she swallowed, stood up pulled her skirt down without cleaning herself and then kissed me hard on the lips. I was shocked as she opened the door and left.

Within a week I'd had an amazing blow job and fuck with two different women.

I love this train.