 It was the last day of summer camp for the staff. The kids had been picked up at noon, and we had spent the afternoon cleaning up and locking things away for the winter. The plan was to have a campfire, but heavy thunderstorms prevented it. The camp director decided to put a movie on in the main hall, and we were all going to bring our sleeping bags in and watch the movie.

It seemed like everyone was starting to pair off before the movie even began. Relationships between the staff were strongly frowned upon, but people started to make their attentions known in the last week or so. My girlfriends found spots away from other people next to the boys that they were interested in.

I sighed and settled into a spot that wasn't too close to any other couples.

"Hey Daisy, are you watching this by yourself?" I looked up from the floor, and saw Ben, one of my co-counselors.

"Yeah. The girls have found someone else to cuddle up with. I actually like these goofy movies, so I'm ok with eating popcorn and watching it." I patted the bag of junk food that was beside me.

"Do you mind if I join you? I've got peanut butter cups." Ben waved a package of chocolate in front of me. We had a few kids with peanut allergies, so anything with peanuts was contraband.

"Are you serious? I haven't had peanut butter all summer. I'll share if you do." I smiled at him. Ben unrolled his sleeping bag next to mine.

The lights soon dimmed and the movie began. Oblivious to the rest of the people around us, Ben and I had a good time. We shared all our candy and talked through most of the movie. Suddenly, there was a bright flash of lightening, followed almost immediately by a loud roar of thunder. The lights in the hall went out, and a few people screamed.

We sat in relative silence for a few minutes until the camp director flicked on a flashlight and walked to the front of the room.

"It looks like lightening struck the transformer by the road. We probably won't get any power on until after you all leave to go home. We'll be sleeping in the main hall tonight." Flashlight clicked on and the kitchen staff set out a few candles.

The rain was pounding so hard against the metal roof that it created white noise in the background. It drowned all the other conversations out.

"Are there any more peanut butter cups left?" I asked, as I sifted through the wrappers that littered the floor near our sleeping bags.

"Sorry, I think that I just ate the last one." Ben replied.

"I guess that's it. No more peanut butter for me." I sighed.

"Well," Ben hesitated. "I do have an idea." He leaned over and kissed me. I pulled back and looked around.

"We can't do this. There are people around us." But I noticed that everyone around us was either doing the same thing, or they were sleeping. Nobody was looking at us.

"Nobody cares, Daisy. Nobody will notice." He reached for my hand. Around us, flashlights clicked off as more people decided to go to sleep.

"Ok," I swallowed as I reached around his neck and pulled him in for another kiss.

The darkness and the sound of the rain made us feel isolated. I fumbled for the zipper of my sleeping bag in the dark. Ben caught on to what I was doing. His fingers were much more adept, and he soon had our two sleeping bags zipped together.

Our kissing soon turned into something that seemed hungrier. It was like we couldn't get enough of each other. We were kissing every available part of each other: lips, necks, ears...

I was wearing my pyjamas - a thin tank top and boxer type shorts. The tank top kept getting pulled aside, and it soon got pulled down right under my breasts.

Ben took that as an invitation, and his hands were soon cupping them and his thumbs were making circles around the nipples.

I moaned quietly and hooked my leg around his, pulling his pelvis in toward mine. Our hips rocked together, and I could feel him harden in his shorts.

He ducked his head under the top part of the sleeping back and started licking my nipples. I reached down and stroked his cock through his shorts. I pulled it free from the loose athletic shorts he was wearing and ran my thumb over the head.

"That feels so good." He whispered as he stuck his hand in through the waistband of my shorts. I wiggled my hips slightly so he could pull them down far enough to expose my panties. I kicked my feet so my shorts would come the rest of the way off.

Ben rolled so he was on top of me. He started rocking into me, his penis hitting my clit through the panties. I locked my legs around his waist to pull him in. His hand reached down and pulled my panties to the side. His fingers started moving in and out of my wet slit. I could tell that I was extremely wet.

I reached down and guided the head of his cock into my opening of my pussy. I was so wet that with his next thrust he slid right in. I gasped silently as I took him all in.

Ben started pushing into me slow and deep. I moved my hips in time with his thrusting, and we gradually started speeding up.

Just as I was starting to get close, Ben thrust one last time and shuddered.

"I'm sorry. I haven't had sex all summer, and I couldn't last any longer. I'll make sure you finish though." He said as he pulled out of me.

He reached down and slid two fingers into my pussy. He pumped them in and out as the base of his thumb ground into my clit. I felt my orgasm getting close. He sensed it to. He leaned down and sucked on one of my nipples which was enough to take me over the edge.

He kissed me as he pulled his fingers free. We both readjusted our clothing in case anyone spotted us in the middle of the night.

*

As the early morning rays were just starting to shine their way in through the windows, everyone started waking up. It appeared that we weren't the only two who had shared a sleeping bag.

"I need to check and make sure that the canoe shed is locked up secure after the storm before I head home. Want to have a quick shower and meet me there?" Ben asked me as we rolled up our sleeping bags.

"Sure, I'll meet you in about 15 minutes." My car was all packed and ready to go. I could leave at any time to head back home.

Because of the power outage, there was no hot water. I took a very quick cold shower, then I threw on a sundress and headed down for the lake. Ben was inside the shed hanging up some lifejackets that were forgotten the day before.

When he saw me, he came right over to me and started kissing me.

"I felt bad about coming so quickly last night and leaving you hanging. I wanted to make it up to you." He lifted me up and sat me on one of the benches in the shed. He reached down and pulled up the bottom of my dress.

"Oh Ben," I moaned as he started rubbing my clit through my panties. He lifted me up and pulled them down. He then separated my legs and stuck his head between my legs. He started licking my inner thighs as his fingers started moving in and out of my pussy.

I gasped as his mouth found my clit. His tongue flicked it and then moved down to dart in and out of my pussy. I wrapped my legs around his back and pulled his hair.

"Oh yeah," he moaned. "Do you want me to get you off this way, or do you want me inside of you?"

"Whatever you decide, I'm not going to last. I'm so close!" I breathed heavily.

He stood up and unzipped his pants, freeing his cock. I wrapped my legs around his waist and pulled him in close to me. He pumped into me about three times, and I came, my pussy clenching tightly around him.

"Oh yes, keep squeezing," he moaned as he pumped through my orgasm. He thrust a few more times, and then he came again.

We got ourselves dressed again, and I helped him so he'd finish cleaning the shed quickly. It was soon time to go, and we hugged at our cars before driving off.

We'd both be heading off to different universities in the fall, but we promised to keep in touch. I had no idea that keeping in touch meant that it would be my introduction to cyber sex, but that's a story for another time.