 The sun was barely above the horizon and the roller door was opening. As it edged up, it showed a well set up workshop. Standing in pride of place was a tarp covered machine. It was apparent to the knowing eye it was a big motorbike. He walked up to it and carefully folded the tarp off it, slowly exposing its shiny chrome and metallic paint. It was his pride and joy.

He stepped back admiring a years' worth of blood, sweat and tears but it was worth it all. She was stunningly beautiful. She had a cherry red frame and a tear-drop tank with matching paint and long licks of blue flames, matching side covers, guards and air cleaner. All done in the rich cherry red, even the leather king and queen saddle was done in red leather. 

He had stuck with the chain drive rather than adapting a belt drive as chains could be repaired on the side of the road. It was powered by a big twin cam v-twin bored and stroked to 1800cc producing over 180bhp and enough torque to tow a tractor trailer. 

Looking at it wasn't getting the trip started so he gave it the once over, checking fluids and pressures before he loaded his gear. 

He had planned this trip for many years, since he had gotten ill. It was his main motivation to get well and the rebuild of his bike was the final piece of the puzzle. Now it was here, a massive trip down and across this big country from north Queensland down through New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia and finally ending in Perth WA. 8000 km of open road and freedom. 

There were a lot of friends both old and new that he would be visiting. He had many promises to full fill but, he had no responsibilities now so he could take as long as he liked on this trip. Something his body was thankful for.

The first leg was to Sydney where he had a wedding to go to. His only daughter was to marry a cop! My God, what had his family come too bringing a cop into the fold? 

Sadly he was resigned to it now but it had taken a long time for him to accept him as a son in law. Old habits die hard. His daughter, however, knew very little of his time before she was born and he had worked hard to make sure she remained ignorant of his wild past. 

He would stay with them a week coming up to the wedding and after that he would head off on the rest of his road trip.

Rolling his machine out of his workshop, he began to load his trip gear, a sleeping bag, a hammock and a small tarp for the wet nights. A few clothes and a travel pack of tools. Closing and locking the workshop and double checking his small but tidy house, he straddled the beast and jumped on the kick starter. It coughed and snorted but failed to start. He jumped harder, sending a shock through his leg and it fired and snarled as he opened the throttle, allowing it to come to temperature before hitting the road. 

With a final look at his home he selected first and eased the clutch out, pulling out onto the road and heading for the highway. The journey had begun.

Cruising up the on ramp he opened the throttle and let the machine breathe, looking for vibrations and rattles. As he headed down the highway his heart was singing to be back on the road, feeling the wind in his face and the highway under his boots. He felt free, he felt exhilarated and he felt happy.

He had been riding down the highway in his element when he saw a girl hitch-hiking going his way. He slowed and pulled up beside her and ran a man's admiring eye up and down her trim body. 

"Hmm nice." He thought. 

Letting the bike idle down, he removed his tin lid and asked her, "Where are you going?"

"Just south," she replied and smiled. 

"I'm, heading that way girl if you want to ride pillion?"

She readily accepted his offer and his spare lid as he strapped her backpack on his rack. 

"Where are you from?" He asked.

She replied, "England, I'm here on a vacation, on the cheap." she smiled back. 

"They call me Rage," he responded. "Ever ridden pillion before?"

"Umm no" She responded.

"It's easy," he said, "Just hang on to me and try not to lean, just let the bike do the work."

Straddling the bike, he helped her mount behind him and heard her voice over the rumbling motor. 

"They call me Darcy," she said into his ear. 

He nodded and accelerated away going through the gears as the bike accelerated, dropping into 4th he lifted the front wheel causing Darcy to tighten her hold around his waist bringing a big smile to his face. He let it drift down and selected 5th and settled to a loping cruise speed.

Several hours later, his back aching and his wrist and hands stiff, he saw a roadside stop coming up and slowed down. 

A coffee and a feed will do him right. He shuddered to think of the aches and pains this young woman would be suffering as a new rider. 

Her arse would be sore and her arms and legs stiff from the ride. Hopefully there would be hot showers and good food to ease their sore muscles.

Parking where he can keep an eye on his bike from the café, he helped her dismount and pitied her as she tried to straighten up. She would recover. She was young, maybe thirty or so. 

Climbing slowly from his seat he also stood slowly. Years of punishment reminding him that this would be his last road trip. 

They walked into the café, found a booth where the bike was in sight and the waitress approached with menus and asked if they would like a drink.

"Coffee for two. Big mugs please," Rage ordered with a smile. She smiled back and admired his physique as he removed his leather jacket.

They looked over the menus. He offered to buy her dinner. It was, after all, late now and riding makes you hungry.

"Hey settle for steak with mushroom sauce chips and veggies?" Rage suggested. 

They waited for the waitress to return with their coffees and ordered food. They chatted and he got her talking about her trip so far. She was just going where the wind blew, no timetable, no destination, just checking out the sights, a free spirit, experiencing the world.

They continued to chat as he told her of some of the great things to see in this vast land, 20 times the size of her home with 1/3 the population. They gave their order to the waitress and accepted their coffees. 

He admired her long red hair and pretty green eyes. They reminded him of many of his past loves. Red heads were a weakness of his. 

She had a great personality and he delighted in her soft laughter when he made some joke or other as they ate their meal. 

The waitress returned to clear the crockery and he asked, "Is there was a motel around here?"

She explained they had a few rooms for the truckers to crash in, out the back with full amenities. Rage asked to book one.

Turning to Darcy he said, "I'm gunna crash here tonight. You're welcome to stay and continue south tomorrow with me if you like? Or I can see if one of the truckies is heading south and will give you a lift?"

She considered his offer and after a few minutes accepted his invitation saying she didn't fancy hitching at night anyway and felt safe with him as opposed to some truckie she didn't know.

Paying their bill for dinner he collected the key to room 7. He smiled as it was his lucky number. He wondered if luck would shine on him tonight. 

Handing the key to Darcy, he went and collected his bike, pushing it round to the rear entrance and inside the rented room, never even thinking of leaving it unattended while he slept. 

Removing Darcy's back pack and his own saddle bags he placed them on the counter, entered the bathroom and turned on the hot water. He returned and grabbed a clean t shirt and shorts and turned his head as he headed back to the bathroom.

"A shower will ease those sore muscles Darcy, I won't be too long," and smiled at her.

Stripping down, he climbed into the shower, closed his eyes and allowed the hot water to wash away the road grime and the tension from his aching body.

After a few minute, he grabbed the soap and began to wash himself in earnest while the water eased the pain of a day's riding. 

Suddenly a small hand grabbed the soap and began to soap his back!

He leaned against the wall blissfully.

Darcy whispered "Thought I'd save water and join you if you didn't mind?"

"Sure honey, you're welcome to join me and thanks for the back wash," he smiled and luxuriated in her touch as she scrubbed his back tracing the many scars he had earned in his long life.

She wondered how he got them but held back her questions, for now. 

When she was done, he repaid the favour soaping her and scrubbing her back. She had pale cream skin and blemish-less. As he washed her hair, she turned and reached down and grabbed his cock! Already aroused by the closeness of her naked body, he eyed her pert breasts and flat stomach and her small patch of fiery red pubic hair, and his cock began to get serious. 

She threw one arm around his neck and pulled his head down and kissed him wantonly sharing her breath with him. He responded in kind wrapping his arms around her and pulling her close his cock caught between their hard pressed bodies.

Sliding his hand down between their bodies, he cupped her sex. She moved back slightly and spread her legs allowing him free access to her sweet treasure. Rubbing her sex firmly, her breathing began to quicken and her fingers dug into his flesh.

"It's been so long," she whispered.

Then she slid down onto her knees and grasping his cock in her small hand she kissed the head and ran her tongue around the ridge whilst she slowly stroked his shaft. For him, it had been a while also, no longer interested in the 'anyone's' at the club he looked for quality in his partners now, and his gut told him this one was quality.

Slowly she wrapped her lips around the head of his cock, and slowly swallowed his rod into her mouth, her teeth grazing the length of his shaft till his head was hitting the back of her throat. She slid his member back and forth into her mouth as she fondled his balls. Her head moving faster and faster as she got into her rhythm, all the while, the hot water was cascading over them.

He could feel his balls contracting and she stopped sucking him. She put her thumb over his head and squeezed his shaft with her amazingly strong hands. She quelled his climax and began again to deep stroke his cock, bringing him again to the point of climax. Again she paused and repeated the delaying action, his body and nerves screaming soundlessly for release.

Until she again deep stroked him into her mouth this time she didn't pause as she smiled wickedly up into his eyes. She continued to fellate him past the point of no return. He felt his body tense, his back arch and his cock started to twitch as he prepared to spray his cum down her throat. With an agonised groan his cock exploded spraying his hot seed into her mouth. It ran down her throat as she tilted her head back and his cock slid down her throat pumping cum.

Turning off the water, he lifted her too her feet. Grabbing a towel, he roughly dried her and himself. Then scooping her up in his arms, he carried her naked body to the bed and laid her down. He climbed onto the bed beside her, taking her in his arms and holding her close, caressing her gently. He saw the fatigue in her eyes as she drifted off to sleep, snuggled up to him. 

Rage smiled and thought, "Tomorrow is another day," and fell asleep himself.





Waking with the sun he carefully untangled himself from Darcy's arms and legs and slipped from the bed. Stretching he looked at his bike and wandered over to it giving it a quick check. He found it was in great condition, no leaks and the run hadn't loosened anything. 

After cleaning his hands, he made a coffee and a sleepy voice said, "Yes please,"

He turned and found Darcy sitting up and watching him. The sheet had fallen to her waist, her perky 34B's filling his gaze, making his cock stir as he handed her a coffee. She placed it on the night table and threw back the covers with one hand and grabbing his cock with the other and dragging him back to bed. 

She whispered mischievously, "I think you owe me one Rage."

Lying beside Darcy as she toyed with the hair on his chest, he pulled her head towards him, kissing her softly and slowly increased the pressure as he slid his tongue into her willing mouth. His fingertips ran down her arms from bicep to wrist and back and he felt the goose bumps rising as he caressed her, listening to her soft sighs of pleasure. He slowly kissed her along the jaw line and sucked on her earlobe nibbling gently and kissed down her neck across her shoulder and down her sternum.

Then his tongue circled her breasts, moving closer and closer to her nipple. Eventually his tongue reached her aureole and she gasped as he connected. Still he circled smaller and smaller circles now, until he took her nipple in his mouth, sucking it between his lips and grazing his teeth as his tongue teased it directly. She arched her back pushing her breast into his face as his hand slid down her flat stomach and caressed her trimmed pubic hair proving she was indeed a real red head. 

Dropping lower, his fingers slid down her damp cleft getting coated in her nectar. He felt her outer lips swell and part under his stimulation and the inner tender flesh was revealed. He continued to slide his finger up and down, increasing the pressure with every pass. Her lips opened more and more and began to swell like a flower opening to the morning sun.

As his finger slid back and forth he paused, first at her swollen clitoris, then down to her entrance and every pass he applied slightly more pressure making her flood. Her sweet nectar coated his fingers. Finally, he stopped at her vaginal opening, the gentle force penetrated her and his finger slid in to her velvet sheath. She was slick with her juices and as her entered her body, she gasped and shuddered.

Adding a second finger to the one inside her, he began to explore her, delving deeply into her hidden treasure cave searching and discovering her innermost secrets while his thumb caressed her swollen boatman. Her legs opened wider and wider as her desire mounted. Her cat like mewls were soft and insistent as she reached up and began to caress her own breasts and tug on her nipples.

Repositioning himself, he lowered his face to her aromatic sex and began to caress her clitoris with his lips, teeth and tongue, sucking her deep into his mouth and swirling his tongue around the head. He grazed her shaft with his rough teeth and her hips arched up seeking his mouth, while his fingers applied pressure on the floor of her pelvis and alternated with massaging her g spot. The actions sent waves of pleasure through her body, pushing her closer and closer to her peak.

His own desire was rising. He began to kiss his way up across her flat stomach, feeling her abdominal muscles writhe and roil as his lips and tongue teased her. He worked to the valley between her breasts. He moved to his left and began to circle her nipple in slow concentric circles, moving closer and closer to her erect nipple until finally he sucked her nipple into his mouth and suckled like a baby sending electric jolts through her body and targeting her sensitive clitoris.

He kissed her further upward and finally kissed her lips as she whimpered in her need, his cock rested along her cleft, feeling the heat of her desire run down his shaft and his balls. She reached down and grasped his shaft, pumping it quickly several times and positioned it at the entrance to her tunnel, and wrapping her strong thighs around his waist she drew him into her opening. 

With a massive thrust driven by his own muscles he drove his sword deeply into her sheath. Her gasp of shock and pleasure escaped from her mouth into his. Pausing to allow her to breathe, he then began to plunder her secret treasure trove, driving slowly but forcefully, burying his cock to the hilt filling her and stretching her walls as she accommodated his massive girth. 

Slowly he increased the speed of his thrusts. In her need she matched him, thrust for thrust. Her hips lifted off the bed as she endeavoured to swallow him whole. He began to circle his hips at the end of each stroke and her moans increased dramatically while she ascended to her peak. The sweat started to bead on her upper lip as her exertions began to raise her body temperature. His body was already coated in sweat as he approached his own climax.

Like a machine, his core and thighs drove his prick in and out with the precision of a finely manufactured engine, relentless and persistent. His cock drove her closer and closer to her release.

Even as he neared his own, their bodies' were slick with the sweat of their exertions. Their breath came in ragged gasps as their bodies consumed their energy. Faster, harder and breath taking, until, with a high pitched scream, she began to tremble under his assault. Her hands tore at the sheets as her orgasm breached her wall and spread through her body in rapturous pleasure, battering her like the ocean waves on the foreshore in a force 5 gale. 

Completely subduing her and leaving her weak and helpless. Her orgasm and the rippling muscles of her vaginal walls along his cock tipped him over the edge. Her release forced him to peak too. He felt his cock tense simultaneously with his balls. He thrust and buried his weapon deeply inside her body and exploded within. Her womanly fortress was breached by his constant battering and his hot seed flooded deep inside her. He filled her and mixed his semen with her rich thick cream.

Collapsing onto her slight frame in exhaustion, the old bikie groaned in satisfaction. The endorphins flooded through his body making him feel young again. He rolled over dragging her with him still coupled. His cock buried deeply in her tender pussy, pulsing softly. 

As they gathered their composure, she looked down into his washed out blue eyes and smiled. Then followed her gaze down and kissed him tenderly and nuzzled into his neck enjoying this tender moment of calm after the storm of their violent love making.

They dozed lightly until the maid knocked on the door to tell them it was time to check out. They dressed and repacked the bike. Darcy headed for the cafe as he rolled the bike back to the parking lot before entering and ordering breakfast.

After eating breakfast, the bikie left the café and mounted the Chopper. Jumping on the kick starter, the roar of the huge motor filled the air. He sat in the saddle and helped Darcy mount and settle behind him. 

With a flick of his toe, he selected the gear, eased the clutch and they were away on the road again. The air was fresh in their faces, as they accelerated onto the highway heading south.

Darcy leaned against the bikie's back, her arms wrapped around his waist, comfortable behind this rugged man. The bikie rode comfortably, pleased with his progress. 

It wouldn't be long before he saw his daughter. She was to be married in four days and he relished watching her turn into a wife. She was already a great mother to his two grandsons, and now her bloke was making an honest woman of her. 

It had taken a long time for the grizzled bikie to accept the brash young cop as a suitable partner for his daughter but time had proven him to be suitable after all. His daughter loved him and he accepted this. He also knew that her chosen man loved her back. What more could a father ask for?

In the distance he could see the haze of pollution hanging over Sydney, and he dreaded being back in the big smoke. Although he would do anything for his daughter and grandsons coming back to this city with its memories was difficult for him. He had seen some bad things here and was happy to see it in his rear view mirrors ten years ago when he left. Now he reminded himself, he was returning for new, better memories.
