 You were obviously distracted and tired when you knocked at my door. I wondered why you were here……after all, you normally arrived excited, ready, wanting me with my clothes off before we had even spoken.

You pushed past me into the room, pacing from one side to the other as if you were looking for something.

"Would you like a drink?" I said. 

You glanced at me with a look that said, "Don't be stupid!" and continued to pace around fretfully.

I considered you for a moment and then walked through to the bedroom. I took a towel out of the cupboard and spread it over the bed. The patchouli scented massage oil, I placed near a lighted oil burner to warm gently and I readied a supply of towels in the adjoining bathroom.

You didn't say anything when I returned so I took your hand and drew you through into the bedroom…the lights were low, curtains drawn and the scent of the warming oil wafted through the room.

Placing my finger to your lips, indicating that I didn't want you to speak, I quickly began to divest you of your clothing. As each piece came off, you relaxed against me. 

When you were naked, I led you to the bed. You lay face down with a sigh……

"What are you up to?" you queried.

"Shsh! Just lie still and let me work some magic on those tired muscles of yours."

I placed a towel across you buttocks and legs to keep you warm and began work. Kneeling beside you, I poured some of the warmed oil onto you back and shoulders then began to knead the stress away. 

I felt you soften as the rhythmic stroking of your skin soothed whatever it was that was eating away at you. My fingers sought and found the knotted muscles at the base of your spine; you shifted a little as I worked over your buttocks and onto the upper thighs.

"Mmmmm ….that feels good."

"Be still and quiet…..just let me manipulate some pressure points to release all that negative energy you have stored up." I used my thumbs to apply firm pressure to the points down your spine and across your hips.

Unthinkingly, I leaned in and rotated my elbow into the point that stimulates sexual response. You shuddered and shifted uncomfortably again. 

I drew back and looked at you lying there. Why were you here? You hadn't said you needed to see me. You always gave me warning that you were coming so I could make myself ready for you. 

I needed you as much as you needed me…….for sex. Not for comfort. Not for the things a wife usually offers her husband but for pure unadulterated pleasure. We could best be described as offering each other a mutual masturbation service.

Shaking my head clear of the thoughts, I reached out and began again to stroke your limbs as you lay there, flat on your face on a large white towel. You sighed and made to turn over but I pushed you back…….

"No, just stay there until I tell you that you can move!" I said sharply. You grunted, a little surprised at the tone.

Resuming the massage, I began working steadily and firmly, teasingly and tantalisingly close to your balls….. your skin slick from the oil on you back, your legs, your buttocks …you were groaning in frustration as I wouldn't let you turn over.

As I worked my way up and down your body, I flicked your balls with my nails on the way past, eliciting another groan. You badly wanted to touch me but I wouldn't let you…..I could tell you were hard by now…….but I wouldn't allow you to do anything about it.

You pleaded with me to be allowed to move, but I wouldn't let you shift from your prone position until I had finished massaging all your back. As I neared the end of my work, I gently slid one oiled finger between your legs to stroke your balls, whilst with another I entered your arse…..you were at such a high degree of readiness, you came almost immediately.

At that point, so did I.

……………………………………………………

Leaving you lying spent on the bed, I went into the bathroom and returned with some hot wet towels and proceeded to rub down your back. Finally I allowed you to turn over and applied more hot towels, one over your cock and the other over your face.

My hands, kneading into the muscles of your shoulders and neck, relaxed you further. You reached out to touch my breasts.

"No, don't touch….. just lie there!"

"I want to feel your skin on mine. I want to slip my fingers into your pussy."

"No" I would not allow you to touch whilst I was continuing my work…I wanted your massage to be a full body experience…right down to your toes!

As I worked the oil into your skin further down your body, I realised you were beginning to recover, becoming hard again under that towel. I knew that I couldn't go on much longer expecting you to hold back, so I took your hand and pulled you to your feet. 

"Into the bathroom!" I announced and pushed you toward the shower with a little slap on your bottom.

The shower was running and steaming hot….I pushed you in.

"Just stand under that. I'll be there in a minute." Quickly I divested myself of my clothes and found the soap. Calling to you to turn your back, I entered the shower behind you and began to lather you up. You turned to me slowly as I continued to soap your body. Your rigid cock is standing out from your body, making it easy for me to lather up around it and to stroke the soapsuds around your balls.

I continued to refuse you the right to touch me.

Your body was finally clean and free of oil and with that, I sank to my knees and take your cock in my mouth…you are so hard and aroused that you release precum at the first touch of my lips to its swollen head.

I drew back and licked the precum mingled with the steaming water from the head of your cock…slid my tongue down it's length….nipped at the base…kissed the shaft as I made my way back to it's head and take it again in my mouth.

My hands are wrapped around you…..I dug my nails into your buttocks as I pulled your cock further into my mouth.

"Please …Let me touch you! I want to kiss your breasts"

Knowing your ways as well as I do, I know that you would fill my throat with your cum. I wasn't ready for you to come again yet, so I let you fall from my mouth and I ordered you out of the shower.

You stood there, dripping, wondering what was next; waiting for me to move from under the water. I rinsed myself off and stepped out.

"Pass me a towel, please." You did as I asked, bemused at yourself for so readily accepting my "orders".

"Take another one and use it to dry me, whilst I dry you." You look startled. I have finally given you permission to touch me!

You reached out and drew me closer to you so that you could rub the towel down my body. I covered your chest with the towel I was holding and began to slowly dry you off.

"I think that it's time you were able to do something about that!" I said. Indicating your swollen cock with a dip of my head, "What would you like to do with it?"

You reached for me again but I stopped you with a hand on your chest.

"Tell me!"

You voice was husky when you finally found the words…."Make you cum!"

"How?"

Your face reflected your frustration…I could tell that all you wanted to do was to shove your cock in me hard and fast, but this drawn out process was a form of exquisite torture. Finding the words seems almost impossible as the need raged through you.

"I want to feel my cock enter the heat of your body…. Slowly opening you… Savouring the moisture… Feeling you lift to receive me…"

You struggled to get the words out… the desire was written plainly on your face. Having made you express what you want was unfair of me, I knew that, but I wanted to hear it.

I wanted to hear the desire in your voice, I wanted to hear the affirmation that you needed me, I wanted to know that it was me that you wanted…..

Not that horny little slut that lived next door!