 She was on line reading some erotic e-mails and it was making her hot. The wetness in her pussy needed relief. Since her husband had gone to bed, she was resigned to pleasing herself, once again. There was just one load of clothes left in the dryer so she headed out the door.

Usually on Friday nights, the apartment laundry room was vacant and she would be there for a short time so she didn't bother to change. She was wearing a short skirt and a light spaghetti strap shirt. She loved to go full commando because it felt good and tonight was no different.

When she walked in the laundry room she noticed her neighbor was adding clothes to one of the washers. He was in his mid forty's, dark hair and an athletic build. She had fantasized about him many times and wanted to fuck his brains out. Living in the same apartment complex made it very hard to be discreet, so she never pursued it. Tonight however was different, she was way too horny and didn't want to pass up a chance to fuck him.

She smiled, walked past him and headed to the dryer. She made sure he was watching as she bent over to put the basket down and unload her clothes from the dryer. She could feel the heat between her legs and felt her skirt ride up her ass. To her disappointment, he did nothing. At one point she looked back and caught him watching her. Now she was horny and pissed. She smiled at him as she headed towards the door.

Just as she was about to leave the room he said "Excuse me, but I think you dropped something." She turned around and saw he had one of her socks. She said thank you and walked toward him to get it. When she reached out for the sock he grabbed her wrist, spun her around and pulled her tight to his body. He had one arm around her waist and the other was around her chest.

He said, "Don't say a word." He pulled her tight against his body and she could feel his hard-on against her ass. "I've watched your sweet ass since I moved in here and I think it's time we fucked." She could tell his cock was hard because it was pressed tightly against her ass.

He turned her around, facing the washer, and slid his hand under her shirt. Her nipples were swollen and throbbing. He rolled her nipple between his fingers and pinched it tightly. She could feel the electricity go from her nipples to her crotch. As he pinched her nipples, he slid his other hand under her skirt.

She wanted to fight but she wanted to fuck even more. One of her favorite fantasies was to be taken by force and fucked hard by a strange man. His fingers found her wet pussy and he drove two of them in deep inside her. She spread her legs slightly to allow him to push deeper. He pulled his fingers from her pussy and brought them to her mouth. He said, "Have a little taste" as he rubbed his fingers on her lips and slipped them in her mouth. She was beyond horny now and she wanted his thick dick in her. She wanted to turn around and suck him deeply into his mouth, but he was in control.

He bent her chest over the washer and felt him slid her skirt up. He said, "Spread your legs." She did as she was commanded and felt his dick press against her wet pussy. Slowly he pushed the head of his cock in her. It felt so good to have a real throbbing dick in her. She tried to push back against his dick to push it deeper, but he pinned her waist against the washer.

Slowly, he slipped the head of his hard cock in and out of her pussy. "Lets get one thing straight, I'm fucking you tonight and I will determine when you get it deep. Now be a good girl and start rubbing your clit." She did as directed and her pussy was getting wetter and hotter.

He pushed his thumb into her wet pussy, all the while, keeping only the head of his dick inside her. He then pulled his thumb out and slid it up to her waiting asshole. With a firm circular motion, he teased her opening. She felt her knees start to go soft as she had her first orgasm.

Softly he said to her, "Keep rubbing you clit." She felt him pull out and he knelt behind her. With his hands firmly on her ass cheeks, he spread them apart. Her second orgasm came as his tongue found her ass. Her husband never touched her there, let alone used his tongue. He kept fucking her ass with his tongue until her last spasm ended. All she could think of sucking his hard dick but he had other plans.

He stood back up and pushed the head of his dick into her pussy. She could feel the rim of his head as he slowly eased it in and out. He leaned forward and asked her, "Do you want to feel my cock deep inside your wet pussy?" Softly, she said yes and tried to push back against her hips. His hands were still on either side of her hips and he kept her pinned against the washer. "Tell me to fuck you. I want to hear you plead for me to push my dick in deep. Tell me now." She was working her clit hard and fast and knew the instant he slammed his cock in her she would explode. "Fuck me hard and deep. Please drive your cock in as far as it will go. I want to feel you balls slap against my pussy. FUCK ME NOW, DAMN YOU!!!" 

She felt his grip on her ass tighten as he pulled her hips slightly away from the washer. She felt the ridge of his head being pulled out and for a moment she thought he was going to tease her. Just as that thought started to make its way to her lips, she felt him slam his rigid cock all the way in. She felt a rush of pressure in the depths of her pussy and it was wonderful. His dick filled her deep and hard. He pulled all the way out and did it again. 

This time he let her meet his thrusts with her hips. Every time he started to penetrate, she pushed her ass back. She wanted it deep. She kept saying "Fuck me please, fuck me hard". His thumb found her asshole again and she felt another wave. He kept driving his cock deeper and deeper into her wet pussy and she worked feverishly on her clit. I didn't take long until she was cumming again. He kept pounding her pussy harder; each time she could feel his balls slap her pussy. She sensed he was close to cumming. He said, "I want you to turn around and kneel down. When I'm ready I want you suck my dick and let me drain my load down the back of your throat. I want you to look at me while I cum."

She turned around and dropped to her knees. As she looked up he slid his wet dick across her waiting lips and over her soft face. She could taste her own wetness and the depths of her pussy. She wanted him in the back of her throat but he was not ready. He said, "Lick my shaft clean and taste yourself. Now, raise my cock and softly suck my balls. Let me feel your tongue all over them." She could taste his balls and her pussy and it was wonderful.

"Put your fingers in your pussy, get them wet and rub them on the head." "Now, put me in your mouth and look up at me. Can you feel me throbbing? I want to feel your tongue on the bottom of my shaft while I fuck your throat. Massage my balls and ass hole while you suck me."

He slid his hands behind her head. He said, "I'm going to cum and I want you to take all of me. I want to drain my cum down the back of your throat." He pulled her close and she could feel his throbbing cock as he fucked he mouth slowly. With one deep thrust he exploded. It was everything she could do to keep him all the way in. She watched his eyes as she drained his dick. Surge after surge, his load filled her throat and mouth. She could taste everything.

After the last pulse of cum filled her mouth, he pulled her to her feet and kissed her deeply. The excitement of sharing such a taboo experience was blissful. He stepped back and said, "Don't forget your sock." With that, he turned around and she went back to her apartment. For days she remembered their taste and each time she had to find a private place to masturbate. Hopefully he will be doing laundry next week...