 I arrived at Sandra's door at a little after eight a.m. A year ago, I promised my younger brother that if he needed any plumbing fixed, I would be happy to do it. After a few rings of the doorbell, she answered the door wearing nothing but a floor length blue fleece robe tied around her thin waist. The blue matched the color of her eyes and accented the blonde disheveled hair that fell to her shoulders. I knew I woke her up from a sound sleep because she wasn't wearing any make up, but she was beautiful without it. For eight years, from the day Henry introduced us - I have fantasized about her - but I knew nothing would come of it because both of us were married and we were all great friends. The fact that she was ten years younger only made my fantasies more enjoyable. 

"Hey Jack, thanks for coming over. follow me and Ill show you where the problem is," she said with a smile. 

"My pleasure, always willing to help out when I can." This morning, I would have followed her anywhere. 

My eyes drifted along the lines of her body as I walked about two feet behind her. What the fabric of her robe hid, my imagination revealed.

Pointing at the kitchen sink, she said, "It started leaking last night, Henry tried to fix it, but just managed to mess up his back again trying to fit down there." 

"Yeah," I replied, "those disposals can make this a tight fit. Let me see what i can do." 

I knelt in front of the sink and peered into the darkness of the cramped cabinet to see exactly what my brother had messed up this time.

"He isn't very good at fixing things," Sandra said from behind me. 

"Yeah, I got the engineering gene from our old man, Henry was never very good at working with his hands." 

"I know that, trust me." she said with such scorn I wondered if there was another meaning to that phrase. 

"Well let me get started and see what I can do, shouldn't take too long." 

"Okay, I'll be in the living room." 

I waited for a few seconds, thinking I would hear her walk down the hallway, then I got the feeling I was being stared at, like I was a little exposed. That's when I realized what it was. I was in such a rush this morning, I didn't put on my boxers before I came over - and had left my belt at home. My ass probably looked like it was popping out of my bluejeans, and she was staring at it. At moments like this I am glad I have kept my six foot frame in shape with daily exercise. I turned my head and all I saw were here ankles and the bottom of her robe. 

She has caught me before as I stared at her walking away in one of her revealing bikinis, or my eyes drifting to her breast as we talked before. I couldn't resist saying, "You like what you see?" I couldn't help flirting with her from time to time, especially when we were alone.

All I heard behind me was a sigh and the sound of her feet softly walking away. 

For the next thirty minutes, I worked twisted under that sink - all the time having to drag my mind back to the job at hand instead of thinking of her naked body in front of me as I pumped into her from behind, fingering her clit and anus, pulling her hips into me as I went deeply inside her.

After I finished, I cleaned up what little mess there was and turned on the water. I wasn't a bit surprised that it worked. When I called her to brag about my expertise, she didn't answer. 

In the living the living room the TV was on, but the couch was empty. I could hear some movement upstairs and I knew they didn't have any pets, let alone kids since my brother couldn't have children. 

I called her name again from the bottom of the stairs and began climbing them when I didn't hear an answer. It was still a little early, about 9:00 am, and I thought that she might have gone back to bed. As I approached the bedroom door I noticed it was partially open and I could hear the sound of movement again. Not wanting to startle her I peered through the crack in the door and saw her on the bed, the discarded robe on the floor beside her. I had a full view of her naked body as she laid there, masturbating with a wide purple vibrator. With her eyes closed she moved it between the lips of her wet pussy and the other hand softly across her perfectly shaped breasts, tantalizing her body with each touch. Just from spying on her, my cock began to grow, trying to burst out of my jeans. 

As I reached down to adjust it, I must have bumped the door, causing it to open with a squeak. She sat up quickly, hands and arms trying to cover all her exposed areas as we just stared at each other for a second. A smile graced her face as her eyes undressed me and she sat up, swinging her legs over the side of the bed and spreading them wide so I had a full view of the wetness between them.

Our eyes locked on each other and I walked into the room, not saying a word as I knelt on the bed between her legs and began licking her wet cunt. My tongue traveling along the lips of the pussy as my hands massaged her breast. She moaned as I moved a hand to her wetness and entered her with my fingers, moving them around inside her, locating and rubbing the one spot that drives most women crazy. I moved my fingers in and out, slowly at first, then faster as her body began to tremble. I felt her pussy throb tight on my fingers as she whispered, "Oh God! Fuck me now, I want your cock inside me." 

I stopped and stood up, slowly undressing as I watched the anticipation in her eyes. She gasped at the size of my cock as my pants hit the floor and laid back on the bed. 

"Turn over and kneel in front of me." I said. 

She moved quickly, kneeling on all fours at the edge of the bed. Grabbing the vibrator off the mattress, I pushed it inside of her wet cunt - moving it back and forth as her juices flowed. Pulling the vibrator out, I guided my cock inside of her , slowly and as deep as I could go as I held the vibrator over her anus and watched the juices drip off it to fall between her cheeks. 

As I continued thrusting my cock inside her, I pushed the vibrator into her butt and turned it on. My hands grabbed her hips and I pushed harder into her. She gasped in ecstasy as I drove myself deeper and harder into her, my balls slapping against her pussy. The feel of the vibrator against my cock only intensified the rapture of the moment.

"God that feels good!" I said as I pumped into her. 

Her body trembled in my hands as she achieved her orgasm and I could feel the pressure building up inside me. I held back - stopping my cock from exploding too soon. 

I pulled out of her and collapsed on the bed. Her lips went around my hard cock quickly as her tongue traveled expertly around it, sucking and licking the pre-cum off my stiff rod as her hands played with my balls and I slowly removed the vibrator from inside her ass.

She stopped for a second and squatted above my cock, which still pointed straight up in the air. Finally, I could feel her pussy slowly engulfed my cock and it traveled up and down my shaft as while I watched her boobs bounce in front of me. The urge to cum was getting greater as she rode me faster, causing my cock to go deep inside her. I couldn't hold it anymore and I exploded inside her, feeling her pussy throb against my cock as both of us gasped, almost screaming in ecstasy. 

Bending toward my face, our lips met and we kissed passionately before she collapsed on top of me, my cock still inside her. We could feel each others hearts beating against our chests as we fell into sleep -- my arms wrapped tightly around her.

When I woke up she was beside me sleeping peacefully. The clock by the bed clicked to high noon and I quietly got up and dressed, sneaking out of her house. I had a one O'clock appointment on the other side of town.