 It's been the week from hell. Everything that could go wrong did and that included my washer breaking down mid week. So here I am standing outside the local Laundromat on a Friday night.  I notice one other car in the parking lot, which gives me hope that I will be in and out in a couple of hours since I should not have to wait for washers or dryers at this point in time.  

As I push the door open, my eyes scan the room stopping briefly on the only other person in the place. He glances up and goes back to his newspaper. I catch a glimpse of blue eyes to go with his almost black hair.  Ok I say to myself. I can do this.  

I take my baskets over to the washers and start loading them. I have only brought a few of the necessities to wash to get me by as the repair man is supposed to be coming tomorrow. I feel him watching me from behind his newspaper. His eyes checking me out, knowing that he is getting a good look at my ass as I bend over to load the washers. 

Not worried about impressing anyone I had pulled on some old raggy jeans and a tank top. The jeans were full of holes in various places and one of them being close enough to the right ass cheek. So I knew that he was getting an eye full. I finished loading and turned to make my way across to the change machine and found him standing about 2 feet away.. He flashes me this huge smile and then tells me that the change machine is broken but he has plenty of quarters if I want to change out some bills for them. 

I am too aware by this time that my nipples are erect as hell and he is having a hard time keeping his eyes on my face. Thrusting out my 42 D chest, I hold out my cash and tell him that would be really great if I could get some quarters from him. 

You could cut the room with a chain saw by that time. The sexual tension in the air was so thick I could hardly breathe. He gave me some change and I moved to get the washers started. I turned once again, to find him still standing there and so I leaned against the washers and asked him if he always did his laundry here. He replied that he did, every week.  After that we chatted about nothing in particular. Our job, hobbies, lives etc. The sexual tension getting thicker and thicker with each word. 

It was one of those classic moments, when boy wants to kiss girl. Girl wants him to kiss her but no one knows who needs to move first.  I turned around in the pretense of checking the washers to see if I needed to add soap yet. Suddenly the warmth from his body is inches from mine. His hands touch the washers on each side of where I am standing and I feel his breath on the back of my neck as he softly kisses it just below the hair line.  My stomach flips up to the back of my throat and my pussy does that little jump. You know the one I am talking about.  He smells delicious, his cologne wafting over my shoulders, makes me inhale deeply ingraining his scent in my brain. He continues to kiss my neck and it's all I can do not to squirm under his lips as goose bumps appear down my arms.

He whispers in my ear that he has been thinking about doing that for some time now, actually since I walked in the door. He moves his body so that it touches mine and I let myself go limp, enjoying the feel of him. He moves his hands closer together, pushing me closer to the washer as his crotch pushes to my ass. My breath catches as I feel the hardness of his cock against his pants. He continues to kiss my neck and it is all I can do by this time not to sink to the floor. I put my hands on the washer to brace myself, pushing my ass back into his crotch, moaning as I do so. He runs his hands up and down my arms, telling me how soft and smooth my skin is and how good I smell. Good enough to eat he tells me. 

My pussy is dripping by this time. The thrill of his touch and the fact that he is a stranger is a hot combination that I can't ignore.  His hands move to my tits. Running his fingers over my very erect nipples. I had not worn a bra and the fabric rubbing across them as his fingers touched them sent chills down my spine. He cups my breasts, licking and nibbling my neck and right shoulder. My breathing is shallow by this time and I am having an extremely hard standing on my own two feet. 

He slowly turns me around and takes my face in his hands. Looking deeply into my eyes with his pools of blue water, his lips barely touch mine. His tongue flicks out from between his soft lips like a small snake and he slithers it between my lips. I part them slowly letting his tongue find its way into my mouth. He moves his lips over mine; kissing me so softly and slowly that I feel like I have just been eaten alive.  The kiss grows more intensely passionate and deeper. 

Lips still locked together, he puts his hands on my waist and lifts me up to sit on the washer, my legs entwined around his waist. He pushed my shirt up, my large tits springing free, my nipples erect and begging for his lips. He takes the left one in his mouth and sucks gently on it while twirling the right one with his fingers. My pussy is throbbing by this time. The crotch of my jeans are soaking wet and since I didn't bother to put any panties on, I can really smell my sex.  

I tell him to suck harder. It makes me want to cum right then and there. He moves one hand to my snatch, finding my jeans soaked through he moans and places his face between my legs inhaling my sex. He finds a small hole in my jeans, right where my clit is and begins to tongue it through the hole. Talk about driving a girl wild. It was the hottest sensation that I had ever felt. It wasn't long before I was pushing his face further into my crotch as I exploded into a gut wrenching orgasm. 

As soon as I came, he hooked his finger in the hole and ripped the crotch of my jeans wide enough so that he could see my dripping pussy. Standing up he unzipped his pants, pulled his very eager cock out of them and began stroking it. Looking me in the eyes, he asked "Baby, you want some of this?" It was all I could do to just nod at this point. 

He gripped my ass with both hands and slid me forward on the washer so that my crotch was even with the edge. He was a tall man and had no problems sliding that cock right in through the hole in my jeans.  After a few long strokes, he picks me up still impaled deep inside me and moves back over to the chairs where I end up riding his cock like it's the race for the crown. 

I kiss him passionately as he moves his hands to my hips working my pussy up and down on his hardness.  It isn't long before he is shooting his load deep inside my throbbing cunt. His face is buried in my neck as he begins to shoot it deep, growling in my ear and that just sets me off again.  I come with a fury that I have never known before. 

We both are so limp holding each other up lest we fall to the floor. I start to giggle and he asks me what is so funny.  I tell him "Damn, now I have to wash my clothes all over because I didn't use any soap." He pulls my face to his, kissing me gently and deeply and says "mmm, that's good cause I am not done with you yet."