 Cassie was nervous. She was looking at the chat room list, and wondering which room to enter. It was Friday night and she was alone and lonely. Her friends said they went to chat rooms and found men to play games and have fun. Cassie had never done that. She had gone to chat rooms, but found them dull and predictable. She didn't think tonight would be any different, but she was restless and ready to do more than just chat. She wanted some fun. She wanted a little danger. She wanted to be a very bad girl for once in her life. Scanning the list of member rooms, she picked "Intelligent Men" and clicked. 

Immediately she was listed among all the men. It must have been a slack time, because she was one of the few female names. She began reading over the clever screen names, checking profiles and reading the existing chat. It looked so boring, so identical to every chat room she had ever entered, she quickly clicked the exit button. This had been a stupid idea, one that was probably better forgotten. As she started to sign off, she heard the familiar briiiiiing of an IM. 

"Hello, Beautiful," she read. The IM was from The Leg Man. She immediately went to his profile. Hmmmmm....married, male, professional, intelligent. Not bad.

They began to chat, instantly falling into a flirtatious mode. He was clever, quick, and funny. She found her fingers flying over the keys as she responded to his questions and asked her own. His name was Patrick and he lived across the country from her. He was married with kids, and the entire family was out of town for the weekend. His responses were charming, playful. They chatted for an hour and then he asked for her phone number. She hesitated. This was something she didn't do. She had only talked on the phone with a few men, and it always ended up badly. But for some reason, she felt like telling him. She would let him call, and see what would happen.

She typed in her number and hit send. He replied that he would call soon. Then he instructed her to sign off, go to her bedroom and remove her clothes. If she wasn't wearing pretty lingerie, he wanted her to dress in something gossamer. He asked that she put on stockings and her highest heels. Then, he instructed her to lie on the bed and wait for his call.

Cassie blushed and laughed, but signed off the computer and moved to her bedroom. She looked into her full length mirror, positioned by the bed, and giggled at the sight of herself dressed in her most comfortable saggy shorts and an old t-shirt. Thinking of Patrick's instructions, she removed her outer clothing and looked at herself again. Ah, a very sensible white bra, white cotton panties...nothing sexy here. She removed her underthings and opened her lingerie drawer. Smiling, she removed her latest purchase and laid it on the bed. As she slid the silky pale blue panties up her legs, she closed her eyes and appreciated the smooth coolness against her skin. The matching demi-bra was almost non-existent, with satin and lace caressing her breasts and exposing an immodest amount of firm flesh. Her pink nipples were hard and barely covered, looking charmingly enticing.

Returning to the lingerie drawer, she removed the creamy thigh-high stockings. Pulling them slowly up her shapely legs, the pretty lacy edges were a marked contrast to her tanned thighs. She walked to her closet, switching on the light and checking her shoe rack. She was short and most of her shoes were sensibly low. But she had one pair, very dressy, very high heels, that she had bought for a special function. Stepping into them, she felt exremely sexy. Now, she swayed slightly as she approached the mirror. This was better. Her body was small, but shapely. The lingerie was shiny against her trim body, her legs looked long and elegant with the heels. She stepped to the vanity, combing her hair down around her face, applying a spray of Escape to her neck and breasts. She walked around the room, lighting candles and turning off the bright lights. Finally, she was ready. Reclining on the bed, she waited for Patrick to call.

It seemed that the phone rang nearly immediately, as if he knew that she was now prepared for him. His voice was low and sexy, and she felt herself hum, just a little, at the thought of what he had planned.

"Give me a vision," he requested. She described her clothing, her body, her position in the bed. "Lovely. You sound lovely. Let me tell you about me. I am 6'. Dark brown hair and eyes, with a moustache that would tickle you. I am a musician with a musician's hands, long, slender fingers. I like kissing and touching. and, as you could probably tell, I am a leg man.

"Now, stand up and walk to a mirror. Stand with your legs apart, and tell me what you see."

Cassie walked to the mirror, describing her bedroom to him, right down to the locations of the candles. She told him about her body, describing for him the feelings that were stirring between her legs. He instructed her to touch her nipples, just lightly run her fingers over the tips, make them hard and bumply. Her eyes closed as she did this, the surge of desire running from her breasts directly into her pinkness. She scratched her nails over the hardened nubbins, making her entire body jump. Cassie nearly forgot the phone in her hand, her moans escaped her lips and she felt her panties dampen. 

Patrick wanted her to tell him what she was doing, how she was touching. She described the ache she was feeling, the way her panties were nearly saturated with her liquids. Patrick told her to slide her fingers down her tummy, to caress the softness between her legs. He asked her to bring her fingers up to her face, to inhale the scent on them and tell him about it. Her fingers were damp, musty-smelling.

"Taste them. Tell me. Do you like the taste?" he asked softly.

Her eyes closed again and she sucked her fingers into her mouth, a murmur of appreciation escaping her lips. "Imagine it is me, tasting you. Your fingers are in my mouth, I am sucking them, learning your essence."

Cassie began to feel weak. The throbbing in her pinkness was stronger now, she felt a need for fulfillment, for completion. Patrick was whispering in her ear, telling her to remove the pretty blue garments, but leave the shoes and hosiery. She obeyed. She stood before the mirror, nearly naked, her eyes drooping with desire and longing. Her breasts felt heavy with lust, her nipples nearly bursting. Her fingers traced the circles, touching and pinching, doing whatever Patrick instructed her to do, just to find the release she sought. When he told her to touch her slit, she happily complied. Her fingers slid through her damp curls, seeking the slit that guarded her pinkness, looking for the tiny clit that would bring her joy. She found herself so swollen, so ready. Her fingers slid inside easily, slipping in the lubricated darkness, up and down, finding her pussy and probing inside, her hips dancing against her wet hand. Patrick continued to whisper to her. "It is my hand there, my fingers thrusting into you, my fingers fucking your cunt. I want you. I want to feel you come against me, cover my hand with your juices, scream your need to me!"

Cassie whispered at first, telling him what she wanted, but embarassed. He encouraged her to vocalize her desires and she quickly obeyed. "I am a bad girl. I am your bad girl.  I want to be fucked by your fingers, fucked by your tongue and your cock. I want to be your slutty baby, showing you my wet pussy, making you touch me, making you lick me. I want you, Patrick."

"Tell me you love me, Cassie" Patrick demanded. She was still a moment, and then the words spilled from her mouth. 

"I love you. I love you. I want you. Please, fuck your bad girl, make me come, help me, Patrick!" she repeated breathlessly.

She could hear him. She could hear his breathing and his voice and then she heard him come, moaning and crying out, calling her name. Her fingers remained deep inside, probing the pinkness, hearing the wet sound of a needy pussy.

As Patrick began breathing normally, he asked if she had a toy. She told him she did and he instructed her to get it and sit on the bed. Now she was positioned with her legs spread, her brown curlies gleaming in the candlelight, the blue toy in her hand. She could hear him softly in her ear, in her head, in her pussy, sharing with her what he had planned next. 

He wanted her to run the toy up her legs, up the sheer hosiery that covered her skin. Then, he told her to slide the toy up and down the slit, as his tongue would be doing if he were with her. She obeyed, the cool jelly feeling so good against her fevered flesh. Up and down, in and out, she continued to move the toy. Her breath was coming fast now, her eyes were glazed with need and lust. She longed to be filled, to feel the power of a cock inside of herself, pushing and probing, using her and quenching her appetite.

Patrick kept talking. It was as if he could see what she was doing. He knew just how she was responding. Her juices ran down the vibrator and wet her hand, her legs were spread wide, her breasts swaying in time with the thrusts.

"Turn it on now," he said. He could hear the toy throb to life, hear the powerful hum as she applied it to her clit, her entire body stiff with passion. 

"You are my bad girl. Hold the toy against your clit until you come. Then I want you to thrust it into your cunt, deep inside your cunt and fuck it like it was me. Fuck me, Cassie. Wrap your hot pinkness around me and let me feel you come around my cock. Do it now!"

And she did. The spasms started in her feet, moving with lightning speed up her stockinged legs, the heat racing up her limbs and moving to her center. When the orgasm began, she cried out, a guttural cry that tore from her throat. She stiffened, the blue toy against her clit, giving her unbelievable pleasure. Patrick kept repeating his instructions, telling her to move the cock, to use it in her pussy. Finally, she heard him and pressed the toy into her swollen cunt. She could feel her body grasp it and start throbbing around it, pulling it deeper, nearly out of her hand. Her eyes were closed and she continued to moan with the pleasure of her release. 

As the orgasm subsided, she fell back onto the bed, her legs still spread, the toy forgotten in her pinkness, a distant hum. She could hear Patrick clearly now, hear his voice telling her she was his good girl. 

THE END