 As a newly qualified lawyer aged 30 I walked right in to a job with supervising a team if five women, all younger than myself. I thought this would be heaven, but the bickering and dissatisfaction they all felt towards our employer often placed me in an awkward position and made my life hell.

However, things improved after a few months when one of my team, Jill, a 28 year old who was living with an accountant and who was trying to qualify by the work-experience and in-house training route, asked me out to lunch.

I didn't think anything of this as I had been out to lunch with the whole team on a few occasions in order to build up moral. We had a bite to eat and a drink and talk got round to the Christmas party a couple of months earlier when I had inadvertently danced and then kissed another lawyer who despite being a lesbian had taken a shine to me.

I excused my behaviour as being down to the alcohol which had been consumed and said nothing else had happened and I went home alone that night. 

The next question Jill asked me threw me a little as she asked had I wanted anything else to happen. I reminded Jill I had been married from an early age and was not looking to complicate my life any further and she left the matter there.

We went out for lunch a couple more times and Jill didn't return to the subject of my near indiscretion. 

Easter was approaching and an office get together had been planned for Good Friday. The office was closed and everyone had agreed to travel in to the city and hit the bars near the office. I was not keen on the idea as it would mean an 80 mile round trip by train, but Jill talked me in to attending, telling me I needed to get out and let off some steam.

The event went well until about 10pm when everyone was starting to get a little drunk and we had hit a bat with a dance floor. Most of the group were dancing or propping up the bar and I had sort refuge on a comfy settee in a dark corner of the bar. I was checking my watch and thinking about going home when I felt someone sit beside me.

It was Jill and she asked me, over the sound of the music, whether I was glad I had made the effort to come out with the group. I told her I wasn't sure as I was worried I may do something I would regret and before I knew it she moved towards me and started kissing me.

Her tongue entered my mouth and wrapped around my own tongue and I pulled away, looking around worriedly as I thought my colleagues may spot us. But know one was looking and I took hold of the back of Jill's head, pulled her toward me and kissed her.

I was shocked at my behaviour and shortly after made my excuses and left to catch my train home.

After the Easter holiday I went back to work rather gingerly as I was worried what might be said by Jill or anyone else who saw the episode.

I was relieved when nothing was said and after a couple days back at work I got an email from Jill asking me to go out to lunch with her. I agreed and whilst out she asked me if I wanted to go out for a drink after work the following Friday, adding that a few of the team were going out as well as other staff from the office.

Friday came round and I we all met in a local bar at 5:30pm. After a couple of hours people started drifting away and Jill asked me if I wanted to go somewhere else. I told her I would and we went off to another bar very close to the office.

The bar was busy but there was no one in that either of us knew so we found a quiet corner and started kissing, Jill with her back against a wall, pulling me towards her so our bodies made contact.

I could not stop an erection growing in my jeans and wondered if Jill could feel this. We were the same height roughly and so my crotch was at the same level as hers and I could really feel my penis straining against the denim of jeans.

We stopped kissing and I reached for my drink and nearly dropped when Jill said she wanted me right now. 

I didn't know what to say and probably looked a little bewildered but Jill explained we could go back to the office. I told her I never expected this and wasn't carrying any protection to which she answered I didn't need to worry as she was covered by the birth control pill.

We left the bar holding hands and were soon at the office. I unlocked the outer door to the office building and then locked it behind us we went downstairs to the basement open plan office we shared with the rest of the team.

The place was in semi-darkness and Jill went and stood by her desk. She was about 5 foot 8, a little over weight around the hips and bottom and had a huge pair of breasts. Her dark brown hair was worn in a long bob.

As I watched from a couple of paces away Jill began to unbutton the long sleeveless denim dress she was wearing, starting at the top and work slowly down to the last button my her knees. She then pushed the dress off and it fell to the floor.

Her breasts were cupped in a large plain white bra and looked as big as I had estimated having only seen then through her clothes. Jill then reached behind her back, unclasped her bra and discarded this on the floor. She then stepped forward and unfastened my belt and the button on my jeans before slowly unzipping them and pulling them down to my knees. 

I thought I was going to come on the spot as she reached in side my shorts and slowly pushed back my foreskin, held it there for a second and then began to slowly wank me off.

As I groaned Jill realised how close I was to spurting all over her hand and so she released me and slid down her pants before sitting back in her chair at her desk.

I dropped to my knees and knelt on the floor just in front of Jill's feet. I placed a hand on each of her knees which I pushed apart and then I kissed her on the right knee, all the way up her right inner thigh then down the left inner thigh to her left knee. I then let my tongue run back up her left inner thigh before letting it come to rest on her pubic mound which was cover in a dark patch of trimmed hair.

I licked and kissed and then lowered my tongue seeking out the gap between her vagina lips, my nostrils full of her musky scent. Jill sat further back in the chair, opening her legs wider and pushing herself towards me which caused her lips to open and allowed my tongue to slip inside and find her large clit which felt harder than the surrounding soft, wet tissue.

After a few minutes of licking and sucking on Jill's clit she was starting to squirm on her chair and she suddenly stood and pulled me to my feet before pushing my trousers all the way to the ground. She then told me to lay on the carpeted floor and she straddled my legs, pulled my shorts down then again took hold of my throbbing shaft.

Easing herself forward until her knees came just past my hips Jill guided my prick in to her waiting pussy and immediately started to rock backwards and forwards, riding me with a growing intensity. Her breath was becoming ragged and bucked back under her as my own climax neared.

Sensing this Jill stopped and climbed off me, she went to the desk next to hers which was free of clutter and she leaned over it. I didn't need a second invitation and was soon guiding my shaft between her cheeks and into her pussy from behind. Once all the way in I leaned a little forward and reached for Jill's breasts. She pushed her self up from the desk a little to allow me access and cupped and squeezed her large flat nipples. I then began to pump my cock in and out of Jill's now sopping vagina and began to feel the familiar feeling as my scrotum tightened and I new my spunk was only seconds from filling her hole.

I was shocked out of my rhythm by noise outside and suddenly worried that someone may be entering the building. The noise passed and Jill giggled at my panic and then made a slight movement to push me off her. She then laid on carpeted floor at the foot of her own desk and opened her legs again, beckoning me to get between then and asking me to finish her off.

I knelt down and shuffled forward until I had again entered her. I slipped my hands beneath her arse and then fucked her hard and fast until I felt her tense, her finger nails digging in to the small of my back as her orgasm came causing me to shoot my own load deep in to her.

I rolled away and kicked off my jeans and pants then moved back to Jill and held her for what seemed like an age, neither of us saying anything.

Eventually I said I needed to think about getting my train home. I stood to dress and Jill did likewise. I got as far as my shorts and Jill her bra only before she pushed me back on to her chair, pulled down my shorts and bent forward to such my stiffening penis. 

As she rolled my knob around the inside of her mouth with her tongue I was soon fully erect again and she straddled me on the chair, guiding my aching prick between her moist pussy lips again.

Riding me very slowly Jill took hold of the sides of my head and eased my face in to her large breast. I kissed and bit gently on each of her nipples which began to grow under the attention and Jill's rhythm speeded up.

I dropped one of my hands to where our bodies me at the groin and managed to rub the top of her vagina as she continued to slide up and down on my shaft. This just made her more excited and she her motion grew to the point where she was bouncing up and down on me, her tits swinging with the action.

Having spent one load I wasn't about to come so quickly this time and Jill kept up her fucking until she had two further orgasms before climbing off me. She then knelt at my feet, telling me to stand so she could blow me.

I did as I was told and she pushed back my foreskin as far as it would go and then began to suck and lick my exposed knob. She then began to gently wank me in to her mouth with one hand and used the other hand to caress my balls.

With this attention it wasn't long before I began to tense and I told Jill I was about to come and expected her to take my dick out of her mouth and maybe wank me until I came on her tits. I was wrong though and she intensified her hand movements up and down my shaft until I couldn't stop my hips from swaying so I was fucking her mouth and before I knew it I was shooting my load down her throat.

Jill swallowed the lot.

We dressed and chatted and kissed before going our separate ways, parting until the our return to the office the following week where we would carry on our sordid affair.