 I am window shopping in town when I see a flier about a lecture taking place at the local college. It sounds interesting so I take note of the time and decide right then and there that I am going to go. Little do I know about the events I have just set into motion with that decision.

When the night of the lecture comes I decide to wear something simple and comfortable, my jeans and a button down denim shirt.

I get to the hall early so I can get a front row seat. I have even brought pen and paper to take notes. It doesn't take long before the hall starts filling up indicating the lecture will be starting shortly. I am beginning to get fidgety when you come out onto the stage to start your speech. I can't take my eyes off of you, I feel this instant connection with you. You must feel it too because you turn and look directly at me and actually stumble over your words as our eyes lock onto each other. Quickly you recover, finish up your speech and introduce the guest lecturer. You take a seat in a chair just to the side and toward the back of the stage, you have a perfect view of me in the front row.

I try to pay attention to the lecture but am just not able to concentrate on the speaker. You have my entire attention, I try not to be too obvious about it, but I can't seem to stop myself from looking your way. At one point our eyes meet, as you seem to be having the same difficulty.

Finally the lecture is over, I quickly get up to leave, while you are still tied up with the guest speaker. I decide that I just have to meet you so I go down the hallway to the back doors of the hall and wait for you to come out. When you come out the side door, you are so busy talking with your guest that you don't see me standing there. You say your good-byes then turn in the opposite direction of me and start walking away. I quietly follow you, not sure how to approach you or what I will say when I do.

As you get to the door of your office, I realize I have to say something to you now or lose my chance, probably forever. "Excuse me, could I have a word with you?" I ask.

You turn and look to see who is talking to you, your eyes open wide when you see it is me, the girl from the lecture hall. "Sure, why don't you come into my office."

I follow you into your office, shut the door behind me, lock it and lean back against it. Once you reach your desk you turn around to ask me what it is that I wanted to talk to you about.

I am nervously fingering the buttons on my shirt as I tell you that I just had to meet you. I am filled with lust and my tongue runs across my lips as the top button comes undone and then the second one. I run my fingers over the exposed flesh before undoing the next two buttons.

"I wondered how you would find out who you were," as you very closely watch my hands as the next two buttons come undone.

I stare directly into your eyes as I unbutton the final two buttons and let my shirt slide off of my shoulders and down my arms to the floor. You move around to my side of the desk and lean back against it, enjoying the show immensely, as the bulge in your pants continues to grow.

As I reach behind myself to unhook my bra I think to myself, "this isn't like me, but I can't help myself, I have to have this man."

I let my bra drop to the floor and run my hands over my breasts. Your breathe catches as you get full view of my breasts. My actions get even bolder as I walk over to you and without saying a word I reach for for your belt as I lift my face to yours for a kiss. I run my tongue over your lips as I unbuckle your belt. The kiss deepens as I unsnap your pants and lower the zipper our tongues hot for each other. 

Suddenly you pull me to you hard as you kiss me hard and deep, wanting so much more. I can feel your cock hard against my belly as it continues to grow to it's maximum size. I am wet with the desire of wanting you and eager to feel you inside of me.

I begin to open the buttons on your shirt, wanting to feel skin on skin. After the last button is open I move my head to run my tongue over your nipples with a few gentle nibbles. You moan with the sensations I am causing.

Soon the sensations become too much and you must touch me. I feel you grab me, turn me around and gently push me to the desk. Once you have me on the desk you lean over and take my nipples in your mouth gently teasing, then nibbling and finally sucking them deep into your mouth. Your hands reach to the waistband of my jeans to open them to the treasure within that is just waiting for your touch.

You stand up and move back so that you can rid me of my footwear and my jeans as well as yours. I watch you with fire in my eyes, knowing you are hurrying, but thinking it is taking too long. I want to feel your hands and mouth cover my body.

You step back to the desk and run your hands up the top of my legs, leaning forward to kiss my inner thighs. You get the first whiff of my desire as you do and you can't stop yourself from taking in a deep breath to catch more of the smell. I feel you run your hands up, over and across my stomach to my breasts, up my neck until you have my head cupped in your hands. You cradle my face in your hands as you pull it toward you for a kiss, my whole body arches up to meet yours, wanting so much more than a kiss. I can feel your cock hard against my thigh letting me know you want much more as well.

You move your mouth to my nipples and your hand to my clit as I press harder against you. The nibbles and gentle bites on my nipples are sending shock waves of desire through me as I feel you rub the palm of your hand over my clit, teasing my pussy with your fingers. I want to feel your fingers inside of me and you don't disappoint me. You tease me with your fingers until I cum for you, making my pussy pulsate with the first orgasm of the evening.

Now that you have made me cum, you want to taste the results. Using your tongue, you lightly outline the lips of my pussy. I reach down and place my hands on the back of your head and push your face into my pussy as I arch up against you wanting so much more. I feel your tongue deep inside me, it feels so good. I moan with desire as I pull your head up to mine for a kiss wanting to taste myself on your lips.

The time has come to feel your cock inside of me, "I want you, I want to feel your cock where it belongs," I say in a voice filled with desire.

As you enter me my moans must be silenced with a kiss from you. The feel of you filling my pussy and opening me wide for your cock is so incredible. My pussy grips your cock so tightly you almost cum on contact but manage to control it. Once you are fully in control you begin to move, ramming your cock deep over and over, pounding my pussy hard until you can't hold back anymore. I can feel your cock swell inside my pussy as your orgasm begins to take a hold of you and travels up your shaft to explode from the head of your cock, where your cum splashes the inside of pussy. As I feel the pulses of your cock my pussy begins its' own orgasm and pulsates around your cock.

You lay down on top of me, drained from the intensity of your orgasm and this surprise encounter. Too soon though you get up to get dressed. As you hand me my clothes, you ask if you can see me again.

I smile and respond, " I think that can be arranged."