 Christmas 2006 had passed in the most erotic fashion imaginable (please read previous stories) and on this mild Spring evening I had at last slept with my ex client, the very Turkish Kamile Ferrer, sister-in-law to my very first-ever lover. Sleep would be the inappropriate term since I was exposed to some of the kinkiest sex in my life. So much so that, I became so excited reading about it in the last chapter, 'The Turk', that I had to call a halt to the writing! This part is the continuation of that memorable night and also the subsequent deflowering of Kamile's supposedly lesbian maid, Lena

Thursday 5th April 9:30 p.m.

Following my penile assault on her mouth, Kamile grabbed a couple of tissues and climbed off the bed, "Lets get that drink, Tom."

Her maid Lena had left a bottle of champagne on ice. A bright moon shone through the bay window, highlighting our glowing naked bodies as I poured the cold liquid into two glasses.

"Jamal and I love champagne and sex. I think you two would get along really well, do you know that?" Her bisexual husband was currently on business somewhere in Europe.

"Business-wise you are probably right, but if you are referring to anything to do with his cock, I don't think so."

"You would be surprised how you feel when you are really horny, Tom. I have done many things when I am turned on that I would never do normally."

"Really?"

"Uh huh, perhaps later I will show you."

"The mind boggles!"

"So will your cock. Tom. Come on, pour me another please."

We touched glasses, "Cheers. Do you like porn, Tom?

"I am quite partial to it yes. Depends who I am with. Why?"

"Anything in particular?"

"Well, I guess like most males, lesbian movies, especially when the girls kiss and touch a lot."

"Anything else? Don't you like to watch people fucking?"

"Of course I do, but I prefer the amateur stuff, the ones where it is more realistic, plenty of undressing each other and seduction and foreplay, know what I mean?

Kamile grinned mischievously at me, "Then sit on the bed, Tom, I have a surprise for you."

She picked up a remote and pressed a button and invited me to climb back beside her. After a short silence there was a whirring sound and the whole of the mirrored wall at the foot of the bed folded back into a recess, exposing the largest screen I had seen outside of a cinema. Clearly porn was on the menu, so I settled back against the pillows.

An amateurish title appeared 'Chigwell June 06.' I looked at my married lover, eyebrows raised. She grinned back at me and nodded. This was not only an amateur film, it was home –made! My cock stirred with expectancy. Kamile spotted the movement and took it in her hand, and I stroked her silky thighs in response.

The film opened with a view of the graveled drive, obviously taken from a window above. A taxi pulled up and a young man stepped out, tall, slim, blonde curly hair and barely out of his teens. Someone unseen opened the front door and led him inside, distant voices could be heard.

"Who was he?" I whispered, as though the cameraman could hear us.

"Samuel was my very first virgin, Tom. Just like you were with Carol. This was his third visit to me, that's why he allowed the camera."

"So did you film this?"

"Sshh, wait and see, watch the film."

I watched, and fondled a very wet pussy, she in turn stoking a very stiff cock.

The scene changed to this very bedroom and in the door walked Samuel and Kamile, my hostess clearly was not the photographer! The erection in the lad's pants was very obvious!

She closed the door and took her young lover into her arms, locking her mouth on his, her hands greedily reaching between their bodies. Kamile clearly was on heat as much as she had been with me earlier. He was no slouch either, he grinned at the camera, lifted her gown exposing her bare ass and slipped his fingers between her legs.

They snogged heavily, undressing each other, slowly moving towards the bed. The camera was shaking a little, the horny scene clearly affecting the operator. I wondered who it was. I had a suspicion it was her husband. I filmed a horny scene between me and Lisa at Christmas and broadcasted it on the Net to another couple who were also having sex. I remember the effect it had on me at the time.

Kamile looked down at my cock, leaking in her hand. "What you are going to see is very secret, Tom. No-one outside the family has witnessed this, no-one must ever know, okay?"

"Of course, mum's the word. For business reasons, I can't even admit to being here."

She laughed, idly spreading some new pre-cum over my cock head, and then licking her fingers. She then looked at me thoughtfully and squeezed my cock a little harder, producing another clear liquid bead.

With her other hand she gripped mine which had been exploring her sex, and put my fingers to her mouth. "Mmm, I love the taste of pussy, Tom."

"Who doesn't," I grinned, pulling my hand away and sampling her for myself. "You taste divine."

Carefully, she lifted the second bead of pre-cum off my cock and presented it to my mouth, "Do you like the taste of yourself, Tom?"

I answered her question by sticking out my tongue as she presented her finger to it. I took the drop and spread it across my lips, pulled her head to mine and kissed her, the smooth juice lubricating both our lips.

All this time we each had one eye on the screen. By now Kamile was naked and lowering the boy's jeans, exposing some well filled underwear.

"What about spunk, Tom?"

"What about it?"

"Do you ever taste your own cum?"

I had a strange feeling I knew where this was going, but I answered truthfully anyway.

"I do, Lisa and I often kiss after I have cum in her mouth, and sometimes I lick her pussy clean. It's okay, I wouldn't exactly spread it on toast though! Why do you ask?"

On the screen, Kamile was kissing the front of her young lover's underpants, her hands around his ass cheeks. The scene was excruciatingly erotic.

Just as, on the screen, she was about to expose the young boy's cock, she paused the film and looked earnestly into my eyes, "What if it was someone else's?"

"You mean out of a pussy?"

"No, I mean out of another cock."

Gently I pushed her away and gave an exaggerated sigh, "Just where are you going with this, Kamy? I've told you how I feel about bisexuality. Just because you like pussy doesn't mean I have to feel the same way about other cocks."

She patted my hand and returned to stroking my cock. "Watch the film, Tom, and you will see what I mean."

She re-started the movie and immediately the pants came down, exposing a long semi erect cock. I say semi-erect because I could not see how an organ of such length could possibly defy gravity and become fully erect.

"Fuck," I gasped. Kamile giggled, and I returned my fingers to her pussy.

When her mouth started to work on that magnificent cock it did in fact become fully erect.

"He's beautiful," the whispered words came out of my mouth before I realised what I was saying, and my cock twitched in time with my thoughts.

"What did you say?" Kamile looked at me with a knowing grin.

"Umm, I said he's big."

"Yes, he is. Eight and a half inches, Tom. We measured him."

"We?"

"Wait, you will see. Just relax and watch."

Relax was hardly the correct expression but watch I did, as she took that mammoth cock into her mouth. Momentarily she glanced at the camera, nodded to the unseen operator, and slowly but surely took the whole length down her throat.

"Fucking hell, Kamy, that's amazing."

She grinned, "Jamal taught me how to do that, although he is nowhere near as big as that, more your size. But not as fat," she added, giving me a squeeze.

I had to admit to myself that watching that beautiful example of a male endowment was engendering the strangest feelings within me. A deep hidden part of me suddenly wanted to know what she was experiencing, what it felt like to have that huge weapon in her mouth. My mouth.

I shook myself out of the thought and asked the question again.

"Who is behind the camera, Kamy? Is it your husband? You told me he likes young men too."

"Be patient Tom, you will see soon. Just enjoy. You like that cock, don't you?"

Inside myself I couldn't deny her observation, but I sidetracked the issue, "I much prefer the mouth that it's fucking."

"Thank you, Tom. Would you like me to do the same to you while you watch? I promised you a proper blow job."

I turned slightly towards her, "Silly question!"

Her full lips slid wetly over the head of my eager cock as, on the screen, the two lovers had scrambled on to this very bed. One eye on the movie, Kamile performed oral sex on me at the same speed as she did with her screen lover. I wondered who would cum first, and where! Samuel was fondling her pendulous breasts and I dutifully did the same.

Kamile felt me tremble, "Don't cum yet darling. Sammy wasn't ready."

As she eased off my cock, the heads on the screen suddenly turned toward the door. The camera followed them. The door opened and, totally naked and sporting an erection, in walked her husband Jamal, followed by an equally naked female who I assumed to be one of his many lovers.

The woman, as tall as Jamal, was of medium build with long curly auburn hair and sported very large breasts, clearly not entirely all of her own manufacture. She also looked familiar, and I scratched my mind as to where I had seen her. I certainly hadn't fucked her so that reduced the equation considerably!

The camera followed the couple to the bed where Kamile was grinning, but Samuel appeared to be totally astonished. The woman, who Kamile called Mary, quickly eased the boy's fears by pushing my lover aside and lowered her own mouth over the boy's huge cock. Kamile meanwhile reached out to stroke that of her husband.

Back to the present, Kamile was kissing the head of my erection, licking away the continuous flow of pre-cum with a smack of her lips. My fingers were plunging in and out of one very wet Turkish cunt. 

"I want you to cum when he does darling, and in the same place."

"Okay, how far off is he?"

"Not long now. Wouldn't you be with two females sucking your cock?"

Kamile had now joined in Mary's sucking of the eighteen year old, her husband watching on, wanking furiously. I noticed a red rash around his throat and wondered if the couple had been fucking before entering the room.

"Where do you want me to cum, Kamy" I asked as first one woman devoured his cock, then the other, briefly kissing each other in between.

"Wait, you will see. Do just what he does."

So I watched, and Kamile continued to lick me to keep me primed. I guess she knew this scene off by heart and would time me perfectly.

I really shouldn't have been shocked at what happened next, but I guess it was the presence of the two women that threw me. Mary gently pushed Kamile away from her and, holding Samuel's cock upright (not that it needed any help!) she offered it to Jamal, who promptly lowered his mouth over the head. The Turk then commenced a slow and purposeful blowjob on the young boy while the two women adjusted their positions and together attended to his own stiffened cock and, in full view of the camera proceeded to finger each other.

My cock trembled within Kamile's grasp at the erotic sight. "Well, my darling, what do you think of that? Isn't it unbelievably sexy?"

Breathing heavily, I nodded, transfixed to the scene.

"Wouldn't you like to do what my husband is doing?"

I stared without replying. For one very brief moment I wanted to be in that scene, tasting that admittedly gorgeous boy's cock, feeling his hot flesh filling my mouth, while Mary and Kamile sucked on my own throbbing cock. But my strong heterosexuality quickly returned and I looked hungrily down at Kamile.

"Suck my cock you dirty bitch, I want to cum."

She shook her head, "Be patient Tom, we are nearly there. This excites you, doesn't it Tom?"

Again I didn't reply, but I guess the trembling of my cock provided her with the answer she sought. 

Jamal released the Samuel's cock and presented it back to Mary who squatted down on her haunches and presented a very sexy view of her rear. Kamile immediately knelt down behind her and pressed her face into her lubricated pussy, while her husband took her violently from behind.

"I agree, but I would much rather have my mouth where yours is on the screen."

"Play your cards right Tom and you can have her one day."

Suspiciously I looked at her, "Does that mean that, in order to get into her pussy, I have to suck your toy-boy's cock first?"

"It would help," she laughed. "You know who she is don't you?"

"She seems very familiar."

"Wait a mo and you will see."

As if on cue the, the camera closed in on Mary deep-throating the boy and suddenly I recognized her. The ultra-famous weather girl on a certain satellite channel! Arousing as she always was on the TV screen in her miniskirts, tanned legs and deep cut tops, naked she was desirable beyond belief. Obviously I cannot mention her real name here, but I knew at that moment that if it took sucking that long cock for me to get into this woman's pants, then so be it!

The camera panned around to Kamile sucking greedily on her cunt, then on to Jamal's hard cock plunging rapidly in and out of her own pussy.

"I thought you said you two don't fuck any more?" I laughed.

"I told you that we do when he wants another baby."

I looked at her in consternation, "You don't look pregnant."

"I'm not, I was on the pill at the time. Same as I am now," she added reassuredly, patting my arm.

"In which case, I want to fuck your brains out and fill you with my spunk."

"Later darling, I promise, just watch."

The camera was far from steady, I wondered if the operator was wanking? I certainly would have been!

For a moment I wondered if Mary was limited to just oral sex, when suddenly she eased her pussy away from Kamile's mouth, squatted over the boy, and lowered herself slowly down onto his mammoth pole. Stroking his cock, Jamal offered it to Samuel's face and the boy willingly opened his mouth. Grinning widely, Kamile looked on, stroking her pussy and caressing one of Mary's breasts.

I knew I couldn't hold on much longer and was ready to cum without even being touched. I told Kamile so.

"One minute, Tom, rub my clitty please, I am close too."

Patiently, I watched the orgy progress. All the participants looked very serious, and were clearly approaching orgasm themselves. The camera had all of a sudden become very steady with a fixed view and I realised it had been set down on a firm surface or tripod. I wondered if the operator would now reveal himself, no doubt with an immense hard-on.

"Okay Tom, this is it, do what they do."

Puzzled, I looked at the screen, nothing was changing.

However, seconds later the two men scrambled away from the women, forced them back on the bed side by side, both wanking their cocks over them. The two women started to frig each other's pussy. Kamile beckoned towards the camera and briefly a female form blotted out the view. Dressed only in bra and thong, the girl approached the bed and took the two hard cocks in her hands and took over the wanking.

Kamile had released my cock, placed it in my own hand, and she too laid back on the pillows, her intention for me patently obvious. Taking the hint I wanked my cock over her face, turning to watch the same scene on the screen.

The anonymous photographer had turned around to direct the two cocks over the womens' faces. I recognized her instantly, it was Kamile's sister-in-law, my bisexual lover Carol!

That did it for me and unable to contain myself any longer, I blasted my cum all over Kamile's face. She too orgasmed and I looked over my shoulder to see the same scene unfolding on the screen. Carol was wanking off the two men, spurting their joint spunk all over Kamile and Mary's faces. The way their hips were writhing on the bed I knew they had climaxed too, by courtesy of each other's eager fingers.

To finalise the erotic occasion, the two women beckoned the men forward, inviting them forward to make a very erotic clean up of their faces.

"Yes please, Tom," grinned Kamile, her face streaming with my cream, one eye closed with a blob of my cum lodged in the socket. "I would like my sight back please."

Ten years ago, I would have been revolted at the idea, but knowing how much pleasure it gives to my women, I didn't hesitate, and lowered my tongue to lift the pocket of spunk from the corner of her right eye.

On the screen, the two men were licking their women clean in the same way and kissing the combined cum into their mouths. Carol meanwhile had positioned herself next to Samuel's sticky cock and was licking him clean. I had no doubt she had been with him before.

My tongue laden with my own cum I kissed Kamile passionately, and she greedily sucked the bitter liquid into her mouth.

Samuel was still hard as nails, and no wonder, Carol was now sucking violently on his cock, determined to make him cum again, her own fingers busy between her legs, urging on her own climax.

Both satiated, we watched this magnificent blowjob by the woman we'd both had sex with, and she didn't take long to achieve a result. The others were sat up watching as Samuel's hips started to shake on the bed. Carol's eyes widened and we knew her mouth was being filled with this young mans second emission inside ten minutes.

Carol released his cock, a little cum dripping off her chin, and approached the camera. Her flushed face filled the screen and she opened her mouth to display the cream ladled on her curled up tongue. She closed her mouth, gulped, and opened it again to show her clean pink tongue. She grinned and reached out an arm.

The screen went blank.

"Show over, Tom."

"Fuck, I gasped, "That was the coolest porn I've ever seen, do you have any more?"

"What, home-made or professional?"

"Home-made, like that one."

"I have a couple here, but most of them are back home in Ankara, you will have to come over and watch! Carol's there now for the next month or so, and I know how you like to fuck her."

"I'll book a flight tomorrow!" I laughed.

Kamile sat up, wiping the remainder of my cum away with a corner of the sheet. "You better put your cock away Tom, we have company."

Lena was stood in the doorway, clutching two steaming mugs of coffee.

I didn't cover my cock, half-hoping the maid would take more than just a passing interest in the object of her desire.

"Perfect timing, Lena," I remarked, my cock stirring slightly at her proximity.

Kamile laughed, "She has a screen in her own room!"

I took the steaming cup from Lena, making my cock twitch as she reached across the bed. With the faintest smile she looked down at my crotch, then turned to her mistress, "Will there be anything else tonight Missy Kamile?"

"Suck my lover's cock." was what I hoped she might say, but she merely dismissed her with a nod, "No thank you Lena, you can go to bed now."

Lena turned and walked away, I swore she wiggled her sexy little bum a little more obviously then usual.

Naked, Kamile and I sat side-by-side sipping at our drinks.

"That was really horny, that episode on the screen. Do you do that very often?"

"Not like that Tom, Sammy had such a beautiful cock, I just wanted everyone to enjoy it, I even thought of inviting you."

"In a way I'm glad you didn't, you know how I feel about homosexuality, although I would gladly have shagged Mary."

She laughed, "One day you will change your mind. I saw your face, and felt you twitch, when you saw my husband suck Samuel's cock."

"You may be right, who knows? But for the time being I am one hundred per cent into pussy." I pressed my free hand between her legs, "So when can I have this one again?"
