 Studying had never been my strong point in life....but here I was preparing to enter a library for the first time since I was a Student. I had decided to take the opportunity to retrain myself after my illness. I needed to acquire new skills to find a job that suited me. After a visit to my local careers office I had decided to get a qualification in Information Technology as I loved my computer and it seemed the obvious way to go.....

It was about 20 years since my last visit and as I pushed the front doors, I was immediately aware of the freshness and vast size of the space ahead of me. Standing there taking stock of the layout, I let my eyes wander round the building. First....I needed to find a workplace for me and my books... although it was fairly busy I was able to locate a free desk and made my way over to it. 

I was pleased with its location as I had a good view looking towards the entrance.....and that was when I was immediately aware of a lady who was working behind the main desk opposite my desk. She was about mid 30 `s about 5ft 5", and from what I could see above the counter was a very shapely woman. She had a very sophisticated look ....her hair was elegantly pulled away from her face and neatly tied up...she had the small framed spectacles that professor types have....and they left plenty of room to see a very pretty face. She was wearing a cream blouse that was buttoned all the way up to her long neck and a light blue cardigan that provided a frame for her firm but ample bosom. I watched as she went about her routine work and was fascinated by the way she would casually smile as each person approached the desk. 

With this smile she looked so attractive in a more sexy way than her image portrayed. With the counter hiding her from the waist downwards I was unable to ascertain what she was wearing there and with that I gave my imagination license to fill in its own details. I imagined her to be wearing black leather trousers in complete contrast to her upper image....they would be really tight around her ample butt and provide a perfect outline to her pelvic shape. They would fit closely to her legs all the way down to the black ankle boots, highlighting the power in her thighs and the shapely calves.

Before I could continue my vision, I was brought to my senses with a voice calling out my name. 

"Angus Storyman isn`t it.....my brother used to play Cricket with you....I`m Roz..Billy`s younger sister." I looked around to find myself face to face with my new Librarian vision. Slightly startled by seeing her so close to me...I felt myself slightly redden and tried to seem as cold and as uninterested as I could muster. 

"Ah...yes I remember you Roz....you were about 16 when you used to come and watch....I didnt recognise you without the brace and pigtails..." with a laugh and a chuckle. "Ha ha ...to think I had a crush on you and you just saw me as a spotty little teenager." she laughed back at me. "Well I can see that you are not little girl now Roz.." casting an eye in the direction of her ample chest. With a little giggle and a look of appreciation Roz fluttered her eyelids and countered 

"And from what I`ve heard Angus...your not a little boy either..!! " Despite my efforts to stay calm, I felt myself feeling slightly embarrassed as here was what I thought was a prim librarian challenging me to a flirting contest. Well if she wanted to play with the big boys....I was just the man to give her run for her money!! "

"Have you now Roz...so who has been telling stories then?...." I asked confidently, taking the opportunity to look up and down the full length of her frame. She was certainly easy on the eyes...I was keen to see what was below the waist as I allowed my eyes to feast on her black knee length skirt which led to two dark nyloned legs strong and firm .."Your reputation goes before you Angus!!! We schoolgirls were constantly reminded of you by the graffitti and various stories passed down from class to class as we progressed through the years after you left. We all had fantasies and had huge crushes on you as we lived through our teenage years." she easily volunteered this information very matter of factly.

"I see Roz ...so were you one of those who had a crush on me then? I continued to probe.

"Oh God Angus....did I ever....I just used to melt on the spot everytime I met or spoke to you at those cricket matches...!!!" she answered ..this time with giggle and a slightly embarrassed look. "You were so sexy and such a hunk in those days and I used to dream of making love to you in the showers after the game after removing your cricket whites. I just wanted to know if all the stories were true about what was in that jockstrap!!!" This was said with a glance downwards and a certain twinkle in her eyes.

"What do you mean USED to be Roz? You dont see me in the same way now then? I countered quickly and returned the obvious stare with as much desire in my eyes as I could. "I suppose your okay for an old man ...I dont suppose you have it in you any more Angus. You probably wouldnt last the pace with a young lively woman like me!!! " she challenged. "Thats fighting talk Roz...you would still have THE night of your life!!! you would be screaming for more and more....." and as I said this I slowly took my right hand off the desk and placed it on top of her hand and asked "Do you want to find out Roz or are you just all talk?" "Mmmm...can you wait until I finish here at 5pm and wait till every one has gone home...? Will I ever I thought to myself and casually replied "If you think its worth my time to wait Roz?"

Without replying , she turned and started to walk back to the main desk area. Watching her firm butt sway gently as she walked I realised that this was definitely worth the wait!!! Her cheeks seem to work independantly of each other and were beautifully supported by 2 sexy,shapely legs, rounded of nicely with 3 inch black shoes that seemed to suggest her legs went on forever.....This Roz certainly had one incredible body which from our short exchange of words might be available for Angus to feast on ....mmmm nice thoughts that would certainly help fill in the time before closing..

As I tried desperately to concentrate on my sudies, I couldn`t help but keep looking up to see Roz going about her duties behind the desk. Each time it seemed, our eyes met, and she would give me one those lovely sexy smiles of hers. She was certainly toying with me and giving me every encouragement that at 5.00pm she would be spending some time with me.

THE LIBRARIAN part2

Eventually it was 5.00pm....the sexual tension and anticipation had built up inside me during the wait and I could feel the butterflies in the pit of my stomach as I watched each person leaving the library. Even though I knew I would have her all to myself in a very short time, I was jealous of each guy who had received a smile from Roz as they left. Silly really....up until 2 hours ago ...she never even existed in my life...now here I was suffering pangs of jealousy at something that happened everyday without my prior knowledge!!! I watched intently as she went about her closing up duties...studying every movement of her body...I was beginning to appreciate what an amazing shape of woman she was. Even within the constraints of her fairly plain librarian clothes, I could see that a very attractive lady was trying to burst out and say..."look at me"

As I watched the last person leave, I quickly looked over to Roz to see if I would get one of those smiles that would show me she hadn`t lost the flirtyness that she had 2 hours ago. She cast a glance over to me, smiled and said in a very authoritative voice "Angus can you pull all the blinds, while I lock up." I think thats my answer....she is going to lock up!! ...we are not leaving the building!! ...well not yet anyway...Trying not to appear too enthousiastic, I casually wandered round the library pulling the blinds. 

I wasnt quite sure what to do after I had completed my task ....so I decided to go and see where Roz had gone. I made my way towards the back of the library and could see Roz with her back to me placing some books back onto the shelves. Deciding to sneak up on her, I tiptoed as quietly as I could until I was directly behind her.....Once again appraising the womanly shape before me, I waited until she was reaching with a book onto the higher shelf and then made my move....I brought my body as close as I could without touching and then placed both my hands on her waist ....Roz was slightly startled by this but made no attempt to remove them. I allowed my fingers to trace a path up the sides of her body over the knitted cardigan until they reached her shoulders. As if transfixed by my actions Roz remained in her position of outstretched arms and motionless. I let my fingers massage her shoulder blades and then around the long elegant neck that was framed by the high blouse collar. 

This seemed to be the trigger for Roz to regain her composure and she quietly says "Thats very nice Angus but I think you are taking a lot for granted here. " Slightly taken aback I reply "I never take a woman for granted Roz....I just saw a very attractive lady who has had a stressful day at work and would be grateful to have some help unwind!!" With that I continue to ease my fingers into the shoulder blades and revel in the feel of this beautiful woman as she turns round to face me. Being so close I am very aware of her and take in her smell as I lean over and gently kiss her neck...nibbling and licking my way over every inch . Roz was letting out sighs that encouraged me to lift myself away from her neck and with the help of my finger traced my way towards her mouth and planted several teasing kisses full on her lips. She was eager to respond but I wanted the passion to build....so I moved my mouth away and just stood and waited to see what her next move would be...?

"I didnt expect you to be so sensual and gentle Angus....but why have you stopped?...I was only teasing about being taken for granted....I am ready to find out if the stories are right about you!!!" questioned and explained Roz. I answered this question with a broad smile which seemed to meet with her approval and with that, Roz took of her glasses and with a few pulls released her hair from it`s tight bun. She shook it hard to make it drop to its full length and then helped this with her fingers pulling through it like a comb. I just stood and marvelled at the transformation as the long brown hair cascaded over her shoulders and down her back. "Do you like my hair Angus?...." Roz inquired. Quickly moving my fingers onto her hair and feeling the softness ...I was thrilled to be stroking her long strands. "I think your hair is so sexy Roz....it feels and looks great." I replied.

Taking in the new vision before me had aroused my manhood to push hard against the tightness of my underwear, within the confines of my jeans. I was not the only one to be aware of this predicament as Roz whistled her appreciation of my hardness. "I see he likes what he has seen so far then Angus" Roz teased. "He certainly does Roz...." and before I could finish my sentence she was starting to unbutton her cardigan , button by button... lingering on each one as if this would increase the size of my cock with each one!!!...... when she reached the last one ...she discarded it with a flourish leaving her with her high buttoned up blouse as her protection against my fixed stare. I knew this was my opening to get in on the act....I moved over to her and taking her by the arm I led her to one of the desks so that she could sit on it. 

I positioned myself between her slightly outstretched legs and placed my hands firmly on her thighs which I could feel were strong beneath the skirt. Easing my hands downwards over her thighs I came to the line between skirt and nylon just above her knees. I was captivated by the change in feel from the cotton skirt to the now soft silky touch of her black nylons. I gripped both nylon thighs and slowly slid my hands back up the thighs ..this time under the skirt ....it wasnt long before I reached another line ..this time the junction between the nylon and the pleasure flesh of her skin. I somehow managed to take my eyes away from her legs and what I was doing to gaze up to her eyes and pretty face. She had closed her eyes and with that sexy smile from before...I knew I was turning her on .....

LIBRARIAN part3

Against my better judgement I decided to cease my leg journey and restart my seduction elsewhere. This was an easy choice as I was fascinated to know what sort of underwear Roz wore under such plain outer clothes. Roz continued to close her eyes as I brought my fingers up the middle over the buttons of her blouse until I reached the top one. I felt my fingers tingle and my whole body tense with excitement as I started to undo the buttons... they were pretty close together and fairly small, so after what seemed an eternity I reached the button level with the top of her bra. 

I briefly stopped and lightly pulled both sides of her blouse to one side so that I could gaze upon her ample cleavage and the beginnings of her exquisite black silk bra.....MMMM I knew already I was approaching a sight that would blow me away....I continued my travel down her blouse and undid each button with care until I reached the top of her skirt. I tugged and the blouse released itself ...allowing me to finish the remaining buttons. Quickly discarding the blouse this seemed to be the switch for Roz ...she pulled herself up off the table and with surprising strength manoeuvred me into where she had been...on the desk. Roz quickly looked me in the eye with a knowing smile and with more urgency started to unbuckle the belt on my jeans. 

I was enjoying the fact that she had taken the lead and watched her concentrated expression ...and the sight of her gorgeous hair flowing over her naked shoulders and the amazing view of her cleavage, further heightened the throbbing sensation within my groin!!! 

The tops of her breasts quivered with every movement as she worked her way onto the top button and then the buttons on my flies....pulling me up from the desk, Roz then slipped my jeans down and off leaving me with my erection almost bursting out of my underwear. I needn`t have worried as she, first stroked him through the material, running her finger the whole length of the shaft and then moved her fingers into the top of the briefs and pulled them over my throbbing cock, releasing him into the open air. Roz allowed herself a whistle of approval and a deep throated mmmm...before placing both hands on him and enjoying the hotness of the large erection. 

"Wow..Angus ...he is a beauty, so big and thick too...I cant wait to get him into my mouth and taste his entirety especially that lovely large head...mmmm..Roz knows exactly what to do with such a glorious cock.!!" and with that she started to run her tongue over the shaft and then around the large head, with wonderful effect...this was no beginner to the art of oral sex...mmmmm...my cock felt so good as she then started to ease her mouth bit by bit over the top end of my erection and then with each suction she engulfed more and more of my 9" dick into her welcoming orafice. What a wonderful sight to see an expert at work and her bobbing up and down on my pride and joy. With each bob I started to arch myself and help him slide into her pleasing mouth. 

However enjoyable this was I knew I had to break off as I wanted to save myself for her pussy.....so I leant over and opened the catch on her bra , allowing the straps to fall off, and let it to slide to the floor....Roz immediately put her hands round the large breasts and squeezed them together offering her twin peaks of delight for my perusal...they were a wonderous sight but it was short lived as she trapped the huge erection between her breasts and started to pull hard on it in a piston fashion. It was a lovely feeling which was increased by watching how expertly she went about her skillful actions....mmmm wow ....I knew I wouldnt be able to take too much of this so I broke away and urgently found my way to the catch and zip of her skirt and let it fall beside the rest of our clothes.

Briefly taking in the view of of her matching black silk panties and the black stockings and suspender belt I almost ripped off her panties in my eagerness to so her lovely brown bush and pussy. As soon as I had removed them, I lifted Roz onto my shoulder and took her over to the main desk, patting her nice large rump on the way....Almost from the minute I had seen her, I knew I just had to have her on top of the main reception desk....

As I dropped her onto the desk top, I cleared away some books and pens and some leaflets with a swooping action, scattering them all over the floor. I immediately climbed up onto the desk and as Roz brought her legs up, I slid in between them and lay on top of her and with her right hand Roz helped ease my raging stiffie into her love box which was moist and welcoming....mmmm as I pushed hard and deep into the depths of her pussy, Roz responded by squeezing hard with her vaginal muscles with each thrust that I made. She also gripped her strong thighs around my body and started to dig her fingers into my back as her moans of pleasure became more audible with every push I made.

Trying to make myself last as long as possible I slowed down the tempo and Roz took this as a cue to roll us over and she was now sitting on top of me. The desk top felt hard underneath my body, but this disappeared into oblivion when I saw Roz breasts jiggling and the whole contours of her body for me to feast on. 

She really was in good shape and her erect nipples were aching for me to touch them as she drove hard up and down on my cock. "mmm Angus ..he feels fantastic in there....I`m sure he is touching every nerve end in my body and that he is digging into my ribcage.....you have a lovely touch on my breasts ...they are so sensitive and the nipples really respond to your fingers." Roz enthused with a breathless voice. "You look great up there Roz....and your body is wasted everyday hidden away in that so called uniform of yours...!!!" "I dress completely different in the evenings Angus...thats when Raunchy Roz comes out to play..." she chuckled.

"Well Raunchy Roz....I want to finish this with a doggy style .....lets go back to the original desk and lean over it for me..." I almost ordered "Happy to oblige Angus...I want to feel him really fuck me!!!" As I watched her nice butt head towards the desk I couldnt help but smile at the use of her words ...the librarian of a few hours ago ...saying fuck me ... Well here he comes as I slid in close behind her and thrust as hard as I could muster and then built up a real slapping pace against her fleshy bot. I used the opportunity to once again come to grips with her fabulous tits as I was nearing what seemed an incredible tightening of every muscle and nerve in my body. 

I knew I was going to literally explode with every fibre of my being as I listened to Roz breathing really deeply and quickly ...."I`M ALMOST THERE ROZ!!!!" I shouted ...."Keep it going 30 secods more Angus and then we can come together." Roz managed to reply......ohh god....Angus think of something....soccer teams /who is going to win the Ashes next year....got to take my mind off it .....ahhhhh its building......."I`m coming Rozzzzzzzzzzzzz...." ohhhhh wowowowowow.....as I shot huge volumes of my creamy white liquid deep into Roz`s body... and as I was spurting each load I knew that Roz had found heaven too.....she screamed out in sheer pleasure as an orgasm ripped through her.......

I could feel our juices mingle and slide out over my moist cock and down over my rock solid balls...breathless with the action we both just sort of flopped together onto the desk and tried desperately to regain our correct breathing and composure......"ohhh Angus....that was sensational.....mmmmm.....I want some more ....and more ...and more..." Roz gasped. "Gives a chance Roz......I`m not a young man anymore...but I can guarantee that will not be the last!!! " I exclaimed.
