 The trolley holding the return library books was filling quickly. Claire glanced over, thinking she had better place the books back onto the shelves, before it got even busier. Towards the weekend, more people came in to find books to relax with on their days away from work. Claire had always loved books, so when she managed to land a job in her local library, she couldn’t believe her luck. She had done pretty well at school because of her love to read, and had left school with 9 O levels. The trouble was the job hadn’t required qualifications to that extent. She was aware that her knowledge was going to waste. Luckily she no longer lived with her parents; they had wanted something more for her. Claire enjoyed the job, so she intended to stay. She loved to watch the different types of people and the sort of books they chose to read. 

Especially the young men. 

Or one man in particular. 

She wondered if he would be in today. The thought of him made her feel excited inside, sending a pulsing wave of desire through her. What if he didn’t come in today? She tried not to think of that possibility. Her desire for him was so much that she ached inside at the thought of being without him. Claire had started earlier this morning, wanting that little time by herself just to think. Amongst the older books, in the reference section, she would sit, taking in the odour of the leather covers, the musty pages. She had first discovered the smell of books whilst she was exploring her Grandfathers house. At the age of 8, it had made an impression on her, that she was unable to forget. From that moment on, her passion for manuscripts had increased. Her whole life seemed to be dominated by her love of books, but she was careful not to bore other people with the subject. 

She even thought that she had found somebody to share that love with her. Then a book was placed on the counter in front of her, to be stamped, jolting her out of her daydream. She thought for a moment that it was he and looked up quickly, expecting to see his smiling face. 

It wasn’t him. 

An old gentleman with a walking stick stood waiting impatiently. His frustration apparent in the whole of his manner. ‘Come on girl, less of this wasting time. Bloody young ‘uns.’ Ignoring him, she hurriedly stamped the book, and watched him walk towards the exit door, keeping her eyes on it for a moment to see if he would walk through. The desire she felt inside now was starting to burn her up. Claire thought it best if she placed all the returns on the shelves, try and take her mind off him. There was one part of the library that Claire liked to go, especially when she was feeling nostalgic. Right at the back, there was an archive of some of the oldest book in the country. Although it was open to the public, very few came down there. It held some rare books and the rules stated that staff was to be in the vicinity at all times. She loved this place even more than the library itself. It was quiet, and though a little bit musty; it was kept free of dust. A couple of chairs had been placed as a token, but were seldom used. Placing the last of the books on the shelf, she wandered down to the archive. It was dark, so sunlight didn’t fade the, already old, pages. She lovingly ran her fingers over a line of books, enjoying the smell and touch. 

She was so engrossed in the feel of the books; she failed to notice the man at the end of the shelves. He suddenly came out of the shadows, and grabbed her wrist. Claire gasped, wondering what was happening for a moment, and then she saw it was he. He was here. She hadn’t even seen him come in. Now, he was so close to her, she could hardly breathe. His fingers evoked a reaction in her, that she was unable to control. Her heart began to beat wildly, accelerating with each second he held her. “I didn’t see you coming in.” she started to say, but he gently placed a finger on her lips. There was no time for talk. 

She looked into his eyes, wanting to see his objective. His gaze was intense, reaching into her very soul. She felt vulnerable, but strangely, aroused at the same time. Her lips parted slightly, in anticipation of his kiss. Bending slowly, he placed his arms under her legs and lifted her up. He carried her further into the archives, so they could not be seen by anyone entering. Claire knew that someone would be soon missing her in the library, but she was powerless to resist his attentions. Never before had she felt like this. Her whole body was tingling with pleasure and anticipation. He gently placed her back down, and guided her to a table. Turning her around so she was bent over, he lifted up her skirt. His hands wandered freely over her black stockings, touching the softness at the top of her thighs. She threw her head back with the feel of his touch. She could feel the heat and wetness between her legs increased, as moved aside her panties. Kneeling behind her, he caressed her buttocks, parting them to enable his tongue to access the tight hole of her arse. Claire found it hard to keep still as his warm, wet tongue ran rings round the hole. She needed him inside her now. The ache was so strong inside her loins; her whole body was demanding release. 

He found his way to the entrance of her now sopping pussy. He groaned, as he tasted her juices, wanting and needing more of her. He began to tease her clit, rubbing and sucking gently. She moaned with ecstasy as he pulled her panties down, spreading her legs wider to allow him closer. His hands moved up her legs, to meet round her middle. Pulling himself up he then released her breasts from the fabric of her bra. Her nipples were already erect and they were soon responding even more to his touch. Claire leant her head back against his shoulders, as his lips nibbled at her neck and her jawline. She could feel his cock straining against her cunt. She so badly wanted him; she pushed her arse into his groin. With one hand, he undid his flies and released his hot, swollen cock, already leaking semen. Reaching round behind her with one hand, Claire took hold of his cock and began to rub her hand up and down the shaft. With each of his groans she pumped harder, until he had no choice but to push his cock deep into her pussy. His balls slapped against the cheeks of her arse, as he made each powerful thrust. 

He grabbed hold of her breasts, squeezing them hard, as he rode her. Blood was pumping hard into Claire’s brain, heightening the pleasure and making her dizzy. His cock felt so good inside her, like it belonged there. She wished that it could go on forever. As he felt his orgasm rise, he pumped harder and faster, wanting to get deeper inside her. Intense feelings started in his balls, consuming them, it steadily rose up his thick shaft to end in a massive climax, forcing him to cry out. He shot his load, high and deep into her pussy, until he felt the dull ache, underneath, as his balls emptied. 

Pulling out, he then spun Claire around and lifted her up until, she was sitting on the table with her legs dangling down. He forced her knees to bend, and pushing her back so she was lying down and he feasted on her pussy. He plunged his tongue up where his cock had been only seconds before, exploring the walls of her vagina and tasting her own fluids. With his lips he sucked and nibbled at her clit, until she was writhing around with the pleasure. She lifted her hips so his hands could reach under her arse. He buried his head, further into her mound, enjoying the response he produced in her. He wanted her to come so hard, so that she cried out like he had. Claire could feel the start of her orgasm, deep in her loins. The heat was so intense and the feelings so strong, she thought she would explode. She could feel the build up, stronger it grew until she could bear it no longer. She couldn’t help but scream as the waves flooded through her body, leaving her drained and exhausted. 

She became aware of his face inches from her own. Smiling he said: ‘Hi, my name is Pete. Please to meet you.’ Claire lifted herself up, so she supported her weight on her elbows. Holding out her hand, she couldn’t help but laugh. ‘I’m Claire, if you didn’t already know.’ Pointing to her name tag on her blouse, he obviously did already know. Retrieving her panties from around her ankles, Claire planted her feet back on the floor. She suddenly found herself flushing, as the realization of what they had been up to, came apparent. ‘I don’t normally make a habit of this sort of thing with strange women, but you got me so incredibly horny, I couldn’t resist.’ 

He was rearranging himself in his trousers as he spoke, so was not able to see the expression on Claire’s face in response to his words. She didn’t know what to say in reply, so she made to leave to get back to her work. She was sure that someone was wondering where she had got to. As she passed him, he grabbed hold of her wrist again. His grip was tight and she was unable to remove herself. He looked in her eyes so he could see her reaction and lowered his voice. ‘I’d like to see you again…’ He left the question open. Claire nodded her reply. She found that she was unable to talk. She did want to see him again. She wasn’t in the habit of picking up strange men either, but he was different. He brought her desires to life. ‘Call me,’ she whispered. ‘My number is on the board in the main building.’ Loosening his grip, he allowed her to leave. She carefully made her way back to work, slightly stiffer than went she had left all those minutes ago. She half expected some questions from her friends, but everything seemed eerily the same as when she had left. 

Even Pete had disappeared.