 She walked down the isle surrounded by old musty books, the air smelled of dust and old leather. This was part of the library that rarely got used; she had never seen anyone over here but occasionally she found herself putting a book or two away. Carrying the last book from the return cart she read the spine "Taboo: The Spirit Awakens. "Not familiar with this particular book, she started flipping through the pages It was full of all kinds of odd yet interesting pictures of sexual rituals and rites of passage. She found herself becoming engrossed, so that she wasn't paying attention to where she was walking.

Reading the caption under one particularly intriguing picture she walked into a brick wall. Actually it was a man standing in the walkway but the impact still knocked her off her feet causing her to drop the book. She landed on her bottom, catching herself with her hands. She looked up at the well-dressed man who seemed as surprised as she was. He bent down to pick up the book, she couldn't help but notice how his eyes lingered, starting with her heeled feet tracing slowly up her stocking clad legs to her thighs exposed under her short skirt. The straps of her garter belt were peeking out. Feeling flames hit her cheeks she blushed, remembering she wasn't wearing panties today. She had been feeling daring this morning when she dressed and was now wondering how much he had seen. Looking up their eyes met, he offered her his hand to help her stand.

She took his hand and stood, straightening her blouse and mussed hair. He held the book in his hand, offering it to her. She reached for the book taking hold of it, but he didn't release it. Instead he looked her straight in the eyes and spoke "Taboo. A very good book, I recommend it."

"Oh, It's not mine. I was just putting it away." She corrected. She was finding it hard to maintain eye contact, his intense gaze made her feel completely exposed.

"What a shame," he replied, "It's very enlightening, especially the chapter about sex in public places for religious purposes." His voice was deep and soothing.

She felt her nipples harden at the words and was surprised by how much the thought titillated her. She realized that they were both still holding the book, their fingers touching. "I should put this away, the library is closed you know."

"I know," he said, "I have a key. I am one of the professors here."

"Really? Are you new? I haven't met you before," she asked.

"I just started. I teach Anthropology," he stated.

"Oh, " she said feeling flustered, "well then I'll just finish up here and lock up." She tried to walk away but he held the book fast.

"What's your hurry?" he asked as he put his hand on hers. "It's early still and if you haven't any plans I would love to discuss the book more with you. After all it is my specialty. Maybe you can offer a few suggestion for my class outline." Her pulse quickened at his touch

Well," she started, "I suppose it is still early and this seems to be a fascinating book. But not too long, I have an appointment later." She couldn't believe her ears. She felt like she should escape, his gaze was making her increasingly unsettled but aroused at the same time. He seemed to look through her clothing and see what was underneath. She found herself thinking about the picture she was reading about when she ran into him. It had shown a couple on a table surrounded by people watching.

He led her over to a worktable where there was a laptop, books and notes spread out completely covering the surface. He picked up the lose papers and quickly made a couple small neat piles. "Sit here." He said motioning to a chair. "This book is much more insightful than people believe. There are things here that you won't see elsewhere." He got into a tone obviously used in lecture. "The illustrations are very detailed and instructional if you look closely." He sat on the edge of the table next to her arm and opened the book pointing to a picture. "Take this one for example." He said, it was the picture she had been looking at, "most would think it was merely a couple having sex with people watching. In actuality it is a ritualistic coupling of the high priest and priestess to bring on the good harvest for the oncoming year."

His tone had lowered while he talked becoming slow and sensual. She found herself leaning towards him taking in every word. Lips almost touching her cheek as the words fell from his mouth, so smooth as if made of honey. He was describing the ritual in detail but she was no longer listening. All she heard was his voice seducing her, making her want to kiss him and act out the pictures in front of her. She could smell his cologne. "Hmmm, Aqua," she thought. Her nipples were hard and straining in her bra. She felt as if they would spring free at any moment. She had never felt so attracted to someone in her life.

She turned her head to face him. Looking at his strong features she gave in to her urges and kissed his cheek ever so softly. He stopped talking and looked at her, leaning forward to kiss her lips. They touched ever so lightly, almost teasingly. Wanting more, she leaned in deepening the kiss. He brought his hand up to the nape of her neck burying his fingers into her hair. She moaned softly into his mouth, she felt a knot of desire in her belly and it was growing rapidly. He stood pulling her up with him and wrapped an arm around her waist resting his hand on her firm ass. He was taller that she first thought for her neck was tilted all the way back. She brought her hands around to caress his back and shoulders.

He trailed kisses over to her ear, nibbling gently on the edge of the lobe. His hands were roaming over her body. One was caressing her buttocks and back while the other found her breast through the fabric of her blouse. She gasped at the feeling wishing it were her bare skin instead. She leaned into his hand and he chuckled quietly into her ear. "Is there a fire burning under that cool exterior?" He asked, smiling as she nodded. "Why don't we see if we can turn it into an inferno." And he proceeded to do just that.

Leaning his head down to her neck he kissed it lightly. He trailed kisses across her throat, she moaned tilting her head back to give him better access. Unexpectedly he opened his mouth and bit down. His hands went to gasp one ass cheek in each, pulling her tightly against him. She could feel his hardness through his clothes pressing against her as she dug her fingers into his flesh of his back. He trailed a hand down to her thigh and brought it forcibly up to his waist. His hand pushed up past her skirt to her inner thigh. Feeling the garter straps he pulled on one letting it go to snap back against her delicate flesh.

She brought his hands up to his head burying her fingers into his hair. She pulled it bringing his lips back to hers and kissed him hard with all the passion she was feeling. Their tongues dueled in their mouths; she captured his and sucked on it for a moment. He groaned and turned their bodies. He pushed her back to sit on the table top, parting her legs to stand between them. Pushing her skirt up to her hips he brought one hand to trace up her thigh to her pussy. He paused at the edge, not actually touching, then moving his hands he brought both to her blouse unfastening the buttons expertly. Once opened, he paused, admiring her breasts as they swelled above her lacy bra. He opened the front clasp of her bra and pushed it and the shirt off her shoulders together.

He brought his hands up to her breasts, cupping the soft globes firmly, capturing her sensitive nipples between his thumb and forefinger, pinching and rolling them. She gasped and moaned in response, reaching up she placed a hand in each of his cheeks and brought his head down for a kiss. He leaned further forcing her to lay back on the table with her thighs spread wide. One kneading her breast the other slipped back to her parted legs. He cupped her damp mound rubbing her clit with his thumb. She bucked against his hand at the feeling moaning loudly.

"Hmm...I didn't think I saw any panties when you were sitting on the floor," he murmured into her neck, nipping to punctuate the word 'panties'. She gasped, "You saw that?"

"Of course I did my pet, I saw everything." The use of the endearment made her feel possessed, it thrilled her for some reason that she didn't understand.

He slipped a finger down to part the wet folds of her pussy lips. Rubbing it around to moisten it before slipping it inside. "Hmmm...." She moaned appreciatively. Moving it slowly in and out he kissed her, his tongue mimicking the motions of his hand. She brought up her hips to meet the thrusting motions of his hand. He brought his lips down and latched onto her nipple, teasing the hard bud with the tip of his tongue. Teasing and sucking until she was mindless, he moved to lavish the other breast with the same attention, trailing kisses down her stomach to her navel, pausing to stick his tongue in the small crevice and play for a moment with the navel ring settled there. "What and interesting little jewel" he murmured into her belly. Continuing his kisses down to her hip, pausing momentarily to unzip her skirt and quickly removing it, tossing it onto the pile with her shirt and bra.

While he stood and looking down at her, she realized that she lay in the middle of the library, on a table, wearing nothing more that a garter belt, stockings and shoes. She felt as if she should be self-conscious but she wasn't. "Hmmm...you are so perfect," he said, admiring her body as he knelt down between her parted legs. He brought his arms under her thighs and around so his fingers were rubbing her clit and parting her moist petals. She could feel his hot breath on her wet pussy, his tongue touched her, tasting her. "I like how you are bare, it's very hot." He gently teased her pussy with his mouth. Alternating flicking her clit with his tongue and sticking it inside her pussy as if tasting her sweet nectar like a hummingbird.

His thumb and first finger pinched her clit, rolling it around like they had done with her nipples. Increasing the vigorousness of his motions as her breaths came faster and shorter. She gasped and moaned, squirming beneath his mouth. She brought her hands up to play with her breasts, pinching and tugging on her nipples. He continued to pleasure her with his talented tongue while fingering her pussy at the same time.

She moaned loudly, "Oh god I think I'm about to cum," she cried out.

"Let it happen," he told her as he increased his motions. "Cum on pet, cum all over my face like a good girl." She felt the orgasm start and arched her back off the table "OH GOD!!!" she screamed, her hands grabbed his hair and jerked his head up to hers for a kiss. He continued stroking her pussy with his fingers as her body jerked as the waves of her orgasm continued to hit. She moaned into his mouth without breaking the kiss.

He petted her softly and soothingly as she twitched with lingering tremors. She was lying back on the table with him between her thighs lying on top of her. "Hmmmm...yes, did you like that my pet?" he asked quietly while nuzzling her ear. "Oh yes," she replied, "but now..."

"Now what?" He inquired huskily, staring deep into her eyes.

"You're turn." She replied as she unfastened his belt slowly, grazing the tip of his engorged cock and lightly rubbing it through the fabric of his pants. She pushed him back and turned him so he was leaning up against the table. Kneeling before him she unbuttoned his jeans. Leaning up she grasped the zipper with her teeth and slowly pulled it down. He could feel her hot breath through the thin fabric of his boxers. She reached up and pushed his pants off of his hips, sliding them down to his ankles. He kicked off his shoes and she removed the jeans entirely, standing and tossing them to the pile where her own clothing resided.

She then reached for the waistband of his shorts, slowly and teasingly removing them and tossing them as well. She looked at him, boldly inspecting from head to toe. "This will never work," she said, "the shirt has to come off as well." She laughed throatily as he quickly removed it and tossed it aside. Standing proud in his nakedness he stayed perfectly still while she admired him from head to toe. She placed a hand on his chest and let it trail lazily to his belly, stopping just before his hard cock. She raked her nails lightly against the sensitive skin smiling as he gasped. She felt powerful and in charge.

She knelt before him and inspected his throbbing cock. She reached up with a hand and grabbed hold, wrapping her fingers around it completely and making him groan with pleasure. He felt her hot breath on his prick, he had never felt so hard before and her teasing was making him even harder still. He looked down at the top of her head. He grabbed the band holding her hair up and pulled it off. He ran his fingers through her blond hair spreading it all around making it cascade around her shoulders. I fell almost to her waist.

Her lips lightly touched the tip of his dick, flicking it with the tip of her tongue, tasting the bead of pre-cum that glistened there, "Mmmm," she closed her eyes enjoying the salty flavor. She teased his head with her tongue, parting her lips slightly she slipped them over his cock engulfing it completely with her hot mouth. He groaned in pleasure and grabbed fistfuls of her hair with both hands. She pushed her head down until he touched the back of her throat and she could go no further, slowly she pulled her head back sucking slightly as she did. Keeping her hand wrapped firmly around his shaft she moved up and down, moving her closed fingers in time with her eager mouth.

He closed his eyes in pleasure, a groan escaping his lips. The feel of both her mouth and hand were putting him on the edge of his own orgasm. He didn't want to cum yet though, there was still more fun to be had. She was alternating licking his shaft and balls and sucking them. He could hear she was enjoying this as much as he was by the small moans coming from her as she pleasured him. He watched as she reached her free hand down to touch her soaked pussy.

"Do it, touch yourself," he ordered. She looked up at him seductively, her mouth filled with his cock. She touched herself again, rubbing her clit lightly at first. She twitched, as she was still sensitive from before. "More, I want to see you finger yourself." She obeyed slipping two fingers inside her pussy, never pausing in her attentions to his cock, and started fucking herself in time with her mouth. She moaned at the feeling, her hips began to grind against her fingers. Her attentions on his prick were increasing to almost a frantic pace. He felt as if he would explode at any moment. She paused and he heard a deep groan come from her throat, feeling the vibrations he knew she was cumming again.

He quickly pulled out of her mouth, leaned down, picked her up off the floor, turned around and slapped her down onto the table. In one swift motion he parted her legs and drove deep into her until he could go no further. Her eyes flew open at the suddenness of it all then closed again and she moaned deep from the feeling of his dick inside her, he could feel her muscles clenching and relaxing with her orgasm. He began to slowly pull out, she whimpered at his leaving and wrapped her legs around his hips trying to drive him back in.

He leaned down, kissing her fiercely. Grabbing both of her hands he held them down to the table. He pulled all he way out, brushing the head of his cock against her wet lips, teasing her. He gave a throaty chuckle as she squirmed against him, grinding her hips, trying to force his cock back into her wanting pussy. "Please," she begged, "please fuck me."

"How bad do you want it," he asked, "tell me how bad you want me, describe it to me."

"I want you really bad. I need you inside me, I have to have you. Please fuck me now." She pleaded, hating the sound of her voice but unable to stop the words from pouring out.

"Good girl," he crooned, "I like it when you tell me what you want." With that he began to enter, pushing in slowly as to drive her crazy. Still holding her arms down to the table he leaned and took a nipple into his mouth. Suckling for a moment then flicking it with his tongue and nibbling. His thrusts came in a slow easy rhythm, her hips rose to meet his, her breath coming in short breaths. A moan escaped her throat as he moved to the other breast. Hands straining to reach up and grab his hair she was denied her right to move. He nipped her neck sending a shock down through her body. The fire inside had become the inferno.

She lurched suddenly with an unknown strength, surprising him by breaking free. Pushing him off, she stood. She grabbed his hair and brought his lips to hers guiding him as she positioned his back to the table. "Lay down," she commanded. He complied, smiling at her sudden dominance. She climbed on top, straddling his hips and guiding his dick back into her body, impaling herself on it. Placing his hands on her hips he helped guide her up and down finding her rhythm. She rode him, head tossed back and hair flowing across his thighs looking like a goddess.

He stroked her breasts, cupping them and rubbing her nipples with his fingers. She used one to hand stroked his chest, sometimes for leverage as she leaned forward. He reached up placing a hand around her throat with just enough pressure to let her know it was there. Leaning up without releasing his grip he slid off the table. Removing her from his lap and turning her around he pushed her face down on the table. Grabbing a fistful of hair and wrapping it around his wrist he thrust deep into her. "Teasing playtime is over now, now I'm going to make you scream." With that he pounded her pussy, thrusts coming hard and fast. Pulling on her hair forcing her head come back and back arch sharply. She wrapped her hands around the edge of the table holding tight to keep her balance and leverage. Breath coming in gasps she was moaning continuously now.

The pitch of her voice changed and he felt her tense up. With his free hand he smacked her butt cheek loudly, rubbing it to take the sting off. She reared up when he did it, her eyes flying open at the blow, hips bucking against him. She started to turn her head to look at him, instead he tightened his grip on her hair and pulled back so she couldn't. Continuing his trusting he smacked the other cheek, again rubbing the sting away. Over and over again he spanked her and rubbed until her ass felt like it was burning.

His breathing deepened and small moans were starting to be heard. She clenched her muscles, squeezing tight around him. It was so tight he was forced to stop. He jerked on her hair "Let go pet....NOW!" he ordered. She released her grip enough to free him to move and resume thrusting, harder and deeper than before.

The edge of the table was digging into her thighs but she didn't care. The fasteners holding her stockings were imprinted permanently into her flesh. She was sure her stockings were destroyed by now as well. None of it mattered, all that mattered was the heavenly feeling of that hard hot cock moving inside her filling her up.

She felt the orgasm building, the first wave crashed upon her and she whimpered, getting louder and louder until she was practically screaming with the pleasure. Her tensing muscles pulsing and the sounds of pleasure were enough to finally drive him over the edge and to his own climax. His cock stiffened and he felt the rush as he shot his load deep into her pussy, it felt like and explosion. His own shout was almost loud enough to drown her out.

He collapsed, covering her sweat soaked body with his own. "Hmmm," she groaned appreciatively, "that was amazing." She felt dizzy, as if she were floating. She could hear her blood racing in her hear, her heart pounding still.
