 My name's Eddie; I'm an avid reader. I love to learn and I am enthralled with words. Knowledge is important to me. I've been a card totting library patron since I was seven years old and I still go at least once a week to get my fill of the smells and the words there. I love mysteries and who-done -its. 

My favorite librarian is a little ole lady named Myrna; she is around sixty-five years old. She was there the day I got my library card. She still calls me Sonny and smiles when I walk through the door.

When I walked in this afternoon on my lunch hour, she wasn't there. I panicked. I feared that she had died. But the substitute librarian assured me that she was only on vacation and that she, the sub, would be able to take care of all of my needs. 

Looking at her young face and beautiful smile, I thought a wicked thought, "You can say that again," as my cock pressed against my cold steel zipper. I never wear underwear; it binds me. But the cold metal of the zipper doesn't feel too good either.

"My name is Simona' if you should require my help," she smiled and went to the checkout desk to assist another reader.

Simona' was a very shapely woman with brilliant blue eyes and muddy water hair. Her smile was so bright I felt I needed to wear sunglasses in her presence. My blood ran hot when I saw her in the area where I was reading the latest Stephen Donaldson fantasy of dragons.

She smiled at me as she passed my table and I winked back.

After lunch, I went back to my dreary office and couldn't make myself work. I thought of Simona' and had fantasies of my own. Thoughts of us walking along a beach on an autumn afternoon her hand in mine; the sun reflecting off her shiny hair drove me mad. Her eyes full of joy and only for me.

I couldn't wait until five o'clock to return to the library to watch her as she straightened the books and restocked the shelves. To see her bright eyes scanning the tables for mistreated books to put back in their places.

When I arrived just after five, she was checking in some books. She looked up and smiled. "How was your day, sir? Are you here to read some more, or are you going to check out a few books to read tonight?"

Simona' had remembered me from my earlier luncheon trip. 

I'm going to do some reading here, then will probably take a couple home to read tonight before bedtime," I assured her. 

She smiled again and seemed pleased that I wasn't going to just pick out some books and run home with them. 

I found a table close to the checkout desk and watched her as she greeted other patrons. She didn't seem to smile at them as much as she did me. Every time a new customer would come in, she glanced in my direction.

Simona' would walk around collecting left books off of tables and putting them onto a rolling cart. Her skirt swished as she rounded each table. I noticed that because it was impossible for me to read with her so close to me.

Just before closing time Simona' sat next to me and asked how long I had been coming to the library.

"Since I was seven years old. I love reading," I told her. "Ms Myrna was your age when I started checking out and reading library books."

"Really? I didn't think she was that old," Simona' smiled and ran tongue over her ruby red lips.

"I don't remember her ever not being here. When I was young, I thought she lived here." I confided to keep her close to me.

She smelled like honeysuckle. I wanted to breath her into my memory so that whenever I saw or smelled honeysuckle that I would see her face. My heart beat fast and my breathing became shallow when she sat beside me.

Closing time came and she shooed the patrons out of the dimly lit library. I was hesitant to leave, but I didn't want her to know the passions that were burning in my groin. I scooted out last and took one more whiff of her fragrance.

When I got into the car to drive home, her scent lingered there beside me and my dick pressed against the teeth of my zipper once again.

I went home and masturbated. I was in lust. It had to be. One doesn't meet someone and fall in love at first sight. That just doesn't happen in real life. 

But those pangs were there and I couldn't keep my prick soft. Every thought of her smile brought it to full attention. I still smelled her perfume and every sniff made me hard again.

I played with my prick at least three times before I fell asleep exhausted, my fingers still stroking the tip of my oozing arrow. I dreamed that Simona' lay beside me and when I awoke my cock was covered in spilled cum.

I guess I had wet dreams of her all night long. I thought I'd outgrown that phase many, many years ago. My heart was beating fast. I looked at the clock and it was only four o'clock. Too early to wake up.

I rolled over and tried to get back to sleep for a few more hours anyway. Then the smell of her filled my nostrils once again. I smelled my hand and it wasn't there. I guessed I had really memorized the fragrance after all. 

The aroma of her clamed me as I stroked my nearly flaccid dick to a stiff state. I ran my thumb over the hole in its acorn head and rubbed the semen between my fingers. Then I brought my hand to my nose and smelled it. The scent was honeysuckle.

My shaft stood tall and my heart beat faster. I had never had this kind of reaction about any other woman I had ever met. I could always erase their faces from my memory if I needed to.

What was different about Simona'? I wondered as I jerked off one more time. I couldn't believe I had anymore cum left in my balls. But within minutes the thick seed spewed over my hands and my body shook with pleasure.

Soon, I drifted off to sleep and dreamed of her sucking my prick as I licked at her soothe shaven pussy. I just knew it had to be shaven. She was too spectacular to have a hairy cunt.

The alarm blared at me and it seemed I had just fallen back to sleep. I stumbled from the warm bed into a hot shower and shook my head to clear my sex rattled brain. But to no avail, Simona's face danced in the spray of water that skidded over my skin.

I rubbed the soap, which now smelled of honeysuckle, over my chest and pubic area. It foamed quickly and made my prick slippery. My hand automatically started wanking it once again, her face in my mind smiling and licking her lips.

Dressing for work, I made sure that my hair was immaculate and my shoes polished. I put on a new tie and buffed my shoes. I wanted her to want to take me home tonight.

The morning lingered longer than usual. A light mist fell from the sky and dampened my spirits. Finally it was 11:30. Lunch time! Library time! 

I grabbed my umbrella and headed for the library. Walking in, grabbing an umbrella bag, I stuffed the wet bumper shut into it so that the floor would not get slippery.

I placed it in the umbrella stand and glanced around for the woman who made my heart beat as if it were going to come through my chest. 

She wasn't at the Checkout desk. She wasn't at the Book Return desk. I quickly looked around in the children's books, reference books, Encyclopedias, magazines and I still didn't see Simona'.

My heart was pounding in my chest. I was sure others close to me could hear it as loudly as I could. I became embarrassed; sure that others were watching me and knew what I was thinking.

Finally, I settled in a chair that was in an area where I could scan most of the library without anyone noticing that I was scanning the areas. Looking for the woman that kept me hard even when she didn't know it.

I was panicked. I had to see her before I returned to my job or I would not be able to work the rest of the day. Then, just as I was about to give up hope and slink away back to my office, she came from the back.

When she noticed me, a smile crossed her face and she came toward me. I hoped that I wasn't imagining this act. I took a deep breath and planted a smile on my face.

Simona's hand flew up in the air and she waved at me. A smile adorned her red lips and she licked them as she came towards me. My dick got hard again. I just knew it was going to betray me.

I scooted closer to the edge of the table to try to conceal my stiffness. Simona' slipped into the chair next to mine and said, "Hello, Eddie, I'm glad you came back today."

My mind went wild! I thought, gosh, she is as interested in me as I am in her. Then my spirit was broken. 

"You left your notebook here last night," she whispered in her library hushed voice.

My heart broke. She didn't see me in the same light as I saw her. I'm just another book reader. Nothing more.

"You come here every day at lunch and after work?" she asked.

A spark began to grow once again. She noticed that? Hmmm!

"Yes, I do. I love reading! And it gets me an hour of quiet time in the middle of the day. Relaxes me on my drive home." I explained.

"I think that's wonderful. I love to read too. Do you have a favorite author?" 

Bobbing my head up and down, I almost forgot to answer then I realized that her lips had stopped moving and realized that it was my turn to speak.

"Ahhh, Yeah, I do. Doctor Seuss", I smiled.

She giggled softly and the lights danced in her eyes. I knew I wanted this woman more than I have ever wanted any other woman.

"What else do you like to do?" she asked.

I realized that we were having a conversation. She wanted to know more about me. So I told her of my hobbies and the movies I liked and before I knew it the time had changed to 1:00. I had to leave.

She smiled and said that she had enjoyed talking with me and hoped to learn more about me that evening.

"I'd like that," I told her and headed back into the rain. I was a half a block away when I remembered that I had left my umbrella at the library. I debated on going back but decided to wait until five o'clock so as not to look anxious.

By the time I got to the office I was wet and cold. But I didn't care. I also had a semi-date with a very beautiful, sexy librarian.

The afternoon crawled by second by second; I guess because I knew I would see her after work. The rain had stopped by the time I left the office. I floated on air to the library and when I walked in, Simona' was checking out books for a little boy about six years old.

She was laughing and talking with him. It reminded me of when I first met Ms Myrna. I knew she was having a lasting affect on the boy. I smiled and remembered my first time to the library.

When he walked away his smile was broad and he could barely carry the books he had chosen. I even thought I saw a small bump in his shorts.

I pulled my umbrella out of the holder. It was dry. I took it with me to the table I had planned to read at so that I wouldn't forget it. I was deeply buried in Peter Straub's Floating Dragon when I sensed her standing behind me.

"I wondered who had left their umbrella here," she smiled as she sat beside me.

"Yeah, I just ran out when I realized I had overstayed my lunch period," I explained. "But I remembered where it was after sitting in a wet suit the rest of the afternoon."

She giggled softly once again and her eyes sparkled in the florescent lights. 

"How far away do you live?" she asked.

"I live about twenty minutes from the city. Not a bad commute," I explained.

"And do you eat before you go home or after?"

"Sometimes before; other's after. Depends on my mood. Why?"

She blushed then smiled brightly. "Well, I... ah, I thought maybe you might ask me out to dinner with you." She licked her lips lightly.

My mind smiled and screamed, "YES!" But my face didn't betray my heart pounded louder than a pile driver. 

Composing myself and trying very hard not to show how excited I was; I simply said, "Well, I do hate to eat alone. And it would be very nice to have a companion to talk with. People think you're weird when you eat alone, you know?"

"Yes, I do!" she laughed a little louder than she should have in the library.

"I need to go check out those people, but I'll be here until closing. I'm looking forward to having dinner with you."

Her hair swished as she headed for the check out desk. Her hips bounced back and forth. My dick grew hard once again. I prayed it would be flaccid before we left. How embarrassing if it were not.

I finished the entire book before closing and when all but myself had left the library, Simona' put on a raincoat and pulled out her umbrella. Then she took my arm.

As we walked out into the rain she smiled, turned and locked the doors, then gave me a kiss on the cheek.

My snake tried to escape the bonds of my zipper. I was so afraid that I was about to blow. But I kept it in tact. 

Placing my hand on the small of her back, I guided her toward my car and assisted her as she slid into the passenger seat. 

Her skirt rose a little up her thighs as she scooted in. I took a deep breath to calm my maleness. 

I chose one of the better restaurants for dinner and let her pick the meal. She did good... steak, potatoes, wine, and her beautiful smile. 

During dinner she told me a lot about herself. She also had a passion for reading and thought that working in a library would give her the time and incentive to read. "Boy, was I wrong," she laughed.

I asked her about the boy at the checkout desk. "He reminded me of myself at that age."

"Yes, it was his first books. He was really excited. He was only seven years old. It made me happy to see the smile on his face as I handed him his library card." She was excited for him.

After dinner we talked a long while, then I asked where she lived. 

"Why? You don't have a home? You live in your vehicle?" She grilled me wit a smile of mischief in her eyes.

"Yeah, I have a home, you wanna come see it? It's only a few miles from here?" I held my breath, praying she would say yes and I wouldn't have to jerk myself off tonight.

Licking her lips, she smiled and her head bobbed up and down. In my mind's eye I could see her lying between my legs, on my bed, with her head bobbing up and down on my stiff cock.

I took a deep breath. Then hoped that I had picked up all of the Hustlers and Penthouses off the floor before I left home that morning. And that the kitchen table was clean.

My legs started shaking and I was afraid I would lose control of the car. By all the luck in my life, I made it home safely. The rain had stopped but the residue dripped from the Oak trees in my front yard. We needed an umbrella, but had left them in the car.

I liked that the water didn't seem to bother her. She appeared to love walking through the drops and giggled as the rolled down her exposed skin.

I opened the door and hoped it was clean. 

"Oh this is really nice!" she said.

I opened my eyes and it looked not too bad. I was proud of myself. 

I offered her a drink. "All I have is Vodka and beer; maybe some wine, not sure?" 

"Beer will be fine," she said as she wandered through the somewhat clean living room, eyes darting from sofa to the wide screen TV, to the Stereo. "This is nice place you have here."

"Thank you, I'm glad you like it."

"Mind if I use the restroom?"

"Nahnooo, I slurred hoping that I hadn't left my cum soaked underwear on the floor after my shower this morning. "I apologize for the mess if there's one in there."

I didn't hear any squealing so I assumed it was fairly clean and breathed easier.

I popped open a few Buds and pulled out a tall glass for Simona'. When she came back I handed it to her. 

"There was no need to give me a glass; I could have drunk it from the bottle."

"Now you're my kind of woman!" I shouted and gave her a high five.

"I'm glad to hear that!" she said.

I took a deep breath, swallowed a large gulp of my beer, not knowing how to respond.

"Ohhhh, I scared you?" she smiled.

"Nah, Yeah, caught me off guard!" I stumbled.

"I was just playing; trying to see where you wanted to go," her eyes sparkled mischievously as she ran her finger around the rim of her glass.

"You really want to know?"

"Sure, why not?" she giggled and her blue eyes seemed to flash with joy.

"Well, you don't really know me."

"I know you are kind and good to old ladies."

I blushed. "Yeah, well she's pretty special to me. She showed me how I could travel the world and never leave the library."

"I know Simona' said softly. She taught me a lot too. You see she's my grandmother."

My heart nearly stopped. All thoughts of seducing this woman went out of my head, my dick shriveled up, my balls turned to marbles.

"She told me a lot about you. She likes you very much."

Trying to get liquid into my mouth so I could speak, I tried to lick my lips but my tongue had turned to sandpaper, so I just took a deep breath. 

"Why did you feel you should tell me that?" I whispered.

"Because I like you too. I like intelligent men. I don't find many of them around, even at the library."

"Gosh, this is amazing! I don't know what to say. I've dreamed about being with you every since you first came to the Library. Did your grandmother put you up to this?"

"Yes, and no. She told me about you and how you came to the library twice a day. Pausing, she seemed to be thinking of what to say next.

She asked me to be sure that you have everything you needed. She said that you were a very nice young man and that you would make a nice friend. That's her way of saying that I need a man in my life." Her smile was genuine.

"Do you?" I asked neverously.

"Honestly, no, I don't need anyone to take care of me. I have all I will ever need. But I want someone special in my life. And if my grandmother approves all the better."

"Well, that's pretty honest."

"Hehehehehe, yes I guess it is. Could I see the rest of the house?" she looked around nervously.

"Uh, sure!" I finally snapped out of the trance I seemed to be in.

I showed her the rest of the house and when we came to my bedroom, she sat on the bed; thank goodness I had made it that morning. She bounced up and down, testing the mattress. 

She slipped off her shoes and lay back on the pillows. My dick grew hard watching her lay on my bed. I smelled her honeysuckle perfume and it grew harder.

Simona' lay back and patted the bed. "Come join me," she invited.

She started unbuttoning her blouse and it revealed a soft pink bra filled with luscious breasts that were almost overflowing their cups.

My dick betrayed me and stood straight up. 

"Ohhhh, large, I like large. Release him please!"

I fumbled at my belt and finally got it off. Broke a fingernail trying to unzip my zipper. I was really nervous.

Before I was able to undress, Simona' lay naked in the center of my bed, more beautiful than my fantasies could ever have revealed. Yes, she was shaved, the prettiest smooth pussy I have ever seen. Her clit was already erect looking for attention.

She slid her hand between her milky; honeysuckle scented legs and lightly ran the tip of her wet finger over the erect little nub. 

"Come play in my Venus garden, she is crying for attention," she whispered seductively.

I started ripping at my pants and finally got them off. I nearly tripped over them as I tried to take a step. I felt like a fool. I had never been so nervous in my life and I have bedded many a woman.

Finally, I crawled onto the bed. The honeysuckle scent was stronger than ever. My dick sprang straight up, precum already on its head.

Simona' stuck her tongue out and lapped a drop of salty precum off the head. "Mmmm, tasty. You wanna taste mine?"

I nearly blew it! I mean sprayed my seed all over her body. But I managed to keep control. I kneeled between her luscious legs and with the tip of my tongue licked at the juices that glistened between her pussy lips.

I ran my tongue from the base of her pussy, up over her begging clit. I felt a shiver as her body reacted to my gentle touches. 
