 Feedback is welcome.

My name is Tony and I was a council housing officer (a crappy job) in East London when this happened...…

The work took me to a lot of lower standard buildings so that I could take peoples complaints, as you can imagine there was no shortage of work. I was 24, six ft tall, have a good body and am aware of being well endowed, not particularly long, but very thick. I split with my girlfriend of the time after finding out that she had been fucking her boss on a regular basis. It wasn’t long after this that the events I am about to tell you about took place. It was a hot summers day and I was going to see an old couple that lived on the ninth floor of a council tower block and were complaining about the lifts being constantly ‘out of order’. 

I arrived at the block for my ten o-clock appointment and went to get the lift, praying that I didn’t have to climb nine flights of stairs. At the bottom was this woman of about my age waiting for the lift and we waited together for the lift to come down. I commented on how nice the weather was but she just looked at me and smiled as if to say, ‘push off mate’, so I let it go. She was a bit shorter than me with long blonde hair tied in a ponytail and was dressed in a tracksuit, but from what I could see she appeared to have a nice body. She was breathing heavily and looked as if she had just been for a run or similarly strenuous activity. The lift arrived and she pressed for the sixth floor and I pressed for the ninth. The doors closed, we started to ascend and then, without warning, we ground to a halt just before the third floor. 

“Fucking typical!” she shouted, “I only ever come here when the lift is broken and today I’m in it.”

She explained that she was visiting her sister but that she jogged over once a week from a smarter part of Town. Meanwhile I was pressing buttons and trying, as you do, to stimulate the lift back into action. As Sod’s Law states in situations like this: Nothing happens. Upon pressing the alarm button I was informed by my fellow passenger that kids had broken the alarm bells years ago. I started banging on the door but got no response. I know from my notes that there is only one old lady on this floor and if she were out or in the slightest bit deaf we would be in for a long wait. 

It was already hot in the lift and with the two of us being there it was getting hotter. I took off my jacket and loosened my tie and my companion undid the front of her tracksuit a bit. 

“You should take it off.” I suggested but her already red face went redder and she explained that she didn’t have anything on underneath her tracksuit. 

We sat down in the lift and introduced ourselves, her name was Diane, and I told her my name and explained who I was. When I told her why I was there, we both started laughing. It was getting like a sauna in the small lift and I was sweating like mad. We started making small talk, but I could tell that the heat was getting to her and I had an idea. 

“Would you like to put my shirt on?” I said, “It would be cooler than that heavy track-suit.” 

She was unsure at first but she realized it made sense and thanked me. I took my shirt off and handed it to her, then turned my back as any gentleman would, whilst she changed tops. She thanked me again and again and we continued the meaningless chatter between us. Fortunately it wasn’t getting any hotter but it was still enough to make you sweat. It was then that I noticed that my thin white shirt was virtually see-through with sweat and that I was getting a wet T-shirt view of Diane’s tits. She had a nice sized pair with small, dark and very pointy nipples. She didn’t realize the view she was giving me but was soon on to me as my eyes were permanently grabbing a quick look as we talked. At first she was embarrassed and she covered herself up, but after thinking about it for a few seconds she moved her arms away. 

“It’s hardly worth hiding them now that you’ve seen them is it?” 

I didn’t know what to say or do so I tried to continue with the conversation but was interrupted, “Look,” she said, “now that you’ve seen my chest do you mind if I take this shirt off and go topless? This heat is driving me mad!”

Before I could reply she was undoing the buttons and taking off my sweat-soaked shirt, bringing those gorgeous tits into view. Diane had a nice tan and there were no bikini marks so I presumed she went topless regularly. 

The combination of a cheap pair of trousers, my sweaty legs and the heat was making my legs itch like mad. The more I itched the worse it got and I was beginning to go crazy. 

“Take them off if they irritate you that much.” Said Diane feeling sympathetic towards my itches. “It will be like we are on the beach or in a sauna with you in your underwear and me just wearing my bottoms.” 

It was almost as if she wanted me to take them off and the relief from all that itching would make me sane again. So, without standing, I took off my shoes, socks and trousers, which left me in just my boxer’s. The effect of being in this small space wearing only my underwear and sitting opposite a sexy woman with her tits out was making my dick start to grow. I tried to fight it but on realizing I wasn’t going to win I changed my posture in an attempt to hide it. Suddenly Diane started to cry saying how we would never get out and that it might be days before anybody finds us, we might even die in here. I tried to comfort her saying that if it came to it the caretaker would find us tomorrow afternoon.

“Oh great,” she said sarcastically, “only another thirty hours to wait, I can’t see what I was crying about.” However, she did stop crying. 

I managed to start up another conversation and we both relaxed, so much so, that I forgot about my staunch erection and lowered my leg that has disguising it. Suddenly she smiled at me.

“I’m glad to see that the situation turns you on so much!” 

I suddenly noticed that my dick had burst through the hole in the front of my boxer shorts and was plainly visible. I must have gone even redder than I already was as she giggled.

“Sod it Tony lets both go naked, in this heat it makes sense doesn’t it!” 

Before she had finished the sentence she stood up and removed her tracksuit bottoms revealing a nicely trimmed golden bush. Then she lay out her top and sat down on it facing me with her legs slightly spread. 

“Come on then,” she said, “don’t be shy, I’ve seen it already.” 

By now the situation was getting on top of me and I thought what the hell and took of my last item of clothing allowing my erection to spring out. We just sat there for a few moments taking in each others bodies, she then pulled her knees up to her chest giving me a perfect view of her swollen pussy, the lips already slightly parted and her juices were clearly visible. Just when I thought the situation couldn’t get any sexier Diane changed position again. This time she leaned back a bit spread her legs and started rubbing at her pussy with one hand and her nipples with the other. My dick was now aching and desperate for relief as I watched her as she masturbated in front of me parting her pussy lips as wide as they would go to give me a better view of her hole. 

I realized I was being given a green light to fuck this beauty so I moved over to where she was and asked if I could help. She moaned and I took this as a yes. I moved her into the middle of the lift and put us into a sixty-nine position so that I could lick her moist pussy at the same time offering her my dick to suck. She didn’t need any more persuasion and took my hard penis into her mouth and started what was the best ever blowjob. At one point I had to ignore her lovely little pussy as I moaned to her that I was about to come. To my amazement (and joy) she didn’t let go of my dick as all my other girlfriends had done, instead she sucked harder moving her head back-and-forth as I erupted what felt like gallons of spunk into her mouth. She swallowed the lot and then licked me clean not letting go of my dick for a second. My erection hardly subsided and I was rock hard again in seconds with her mouth working wonders on my dick. Next she ordered me to stop licking her and to fuck her. I didn’t need asking twice and turned around her sexy blue eyes were sparkling and there was a little dribble of come that had run down her cheek. I placed the end of my dick at the entrance to her tunnel and was going to enter her slowly but she grabbed a hold of my buttocks and pulled me in with one hard stroke as she let out a gasp of delight. I started moving in and out of her tight little hole with full strokes at a pace that Diane was controlling. We continued like this for about ten minutes before I felt Diane quickening the pace as her breathing got faster. She then wrapped her legs around my back and pulled me in really fast but with shorter strokes. She closed her eyes tight and a shiver went through her body as she came with a muffled cry, a big grin across her face. I could feel her pussy spasm around my dick and this was enough to send me over the top as I came for the second time, her pussy squelching as our juices mingled. Diane went all floppy under me and, her face showed the signs of satisfaction a woman gets when you make her orgasm. 

I was already thinking about the next shag when were both startled by my briefcase ringing, actually it was my mobile phone, I had forgotten that I had it. We were going to be saved, though we really needed saving just then. I opened my case and spoke to somebody from the office who was checking up to find out why I was already over two hours late for my first appointment. I explained my predicament to him, but not what I was up to, and that I had forgotten about my phone. He laughed and said that he would cancel all my appointments for me up to my 2:30 so that I could recover. I was going to ask him for help but decided I would check with Diane before being rescued and told the guy from work that there was already help coming. We laughed at the situation and I could see my spunk dripping from Diane’s cunt in front of me making my dick hard again. However, I was let down. Diane had to be at work in an hour and would be in deep shit if she were late, so she said she would have to go as soon as we were out. She took the phone from me and said I should get dressed, as we would be out soon. I put my sticky clothes back on as Diane spoke to somebody who I presumed to be her sister. 

“Becky is going to get us out of here, she knows how to get the lift working.” 

Within five minutes the lift was moving and Diane was getting dressed. We didn’t speak until we reached the fifth floor where the doors opened and we got out. Diane ushered me upstairs to her sister’s flat where she said I might get a shower. 

We rung the bell and a Becky opened the door. You could tell they were sisters straight away, as they looked very similar, only Becky was few years younger. She was wearing tight jeans and a tight T-shirt that showed off her figure. Diane said that we were stuck in the lift together and that it had been really hot and sweaty. She asked if Becky would let me use her shower and borrow one of her ex-husbands shirts. When Becky agreed I said that I was grateful, Diane then said she had to go and started running down the stairs, just before she went out of sight she turned, winked and ran off. Becky invited me in and told me how to fix the lift; it just needed somebody to press a button on the fifth floor. I was shown the bathroom, given a shirt, and Becky left me to it. The water was only warm but it suited me fine and I got under the refreshing spray. I washed myself down and turned off the water but as I got out I realized there were no towels in the room as far as I could see. I called out to Becky but there was no reply, so after a couple of minutes I peeked around the door and thought I would try and find something I could use to dry myself. As I opened the door I called again but there was no reply so I ventured out further into Becky’s flat holding a flannel over my dick in case I got caught. I turned a corner in her flat and bumped straight into her and I fell onto my bum. I looked up to see Becky was wearing a bikini and hadn’t heard me as she had a Walkman on. I had dropped the flannel and was completely exposed to her. I thought she might be mad or something, but instead she sat down on my chest, put her Walkman to one side.

“Can I take payment for the use of my shower now?” 

I realized straight away that she wanted to fuck me so I went to undo her bikini top letting it fall onto my face. When I put it to one side I had a great view of her tits, though slightly smaller than her sisters they were just as well proportioned and her nipples stuck out, as they were so hard and aroused. She reached around and started massaging my balls.

“Shall we go to the bedroom for a good shag now?” 

We got up and she showed me into her room. The room was nice and clean but there was loads of sexy underwear and several vibrators scattered about the floor. 

“It’s been nearly three months since I’ve had a man,” she said, “I hope you won’t disappoint me!”

I almost said that her sister hadn’t complained, but thought it might put her off so I didn’t. She threw me onto the bed and I watched as she removed her bikini bottoms. 

“I think sunbathing can wait for this.” 

She said as she tuned and bent right over in front of me letting me see into her pussy that, like Diane’s, was will trimmed and shaven around her entrance. She picked up a vibrator and without changing her position stuffed it up herself making her juices flood out to make room for the fake cock. She then ordered me to take over, so I grabbed the dildo at the one end and pushed it in and out of her while rubbing at her clit with my spare hand. I did this for a couple of minutes before she pulled the vibrator out.

“OK my friend lets see what you’re made of.” 

She climbed onto the bed and ordered me to take her from behind as she moved, putting her pretty arse in the air and reaching back to spread her labia. I took up position behind her and pumped away, putting my cock straight in to the hilt with my first thrust. Her pussy felt the same as her sisters as I pumped away for what seemed like ages. I had come twice already and was able to hold back for over half an hour before I felt myself coming. During this time I felt her come twice and then had another idea. I picked up the vibrator and put on full speed before placing it at the base of my dick stimulating her clit but at the same time it was driving me over the top. As she came for the third time I let myself go and spurted what come I had left into her. She collapsed in front of me and I lay next to her kissing frantically. 

I realized that I would have to be gone soon if I was going to make my next appointment on time and so told Becky that I had to go. She was disappointed but so satisfied she didn’t complain too much and begged me to return as soon as possible. Unfortunately I then had to go and console this complaining woman in one of the tower blocks as many as two times a week. Whenever she phoned I had to go and look after ‘that Becky woman who complains about everything’. Little did my colleagues know about how I console Becky!!!!