 I got off the plane and made my way through the crowded airport to the baggage area. I had been in meetings for 3 days in Chicago and had to get off in Hartford due to bad weather in New York. It was snowing like a bastard and I had called for a Limo to take me the 115 miles to my house in up state New York.

I got my luggage and made my way to the front of the airport looking for my Limo. I saw a tall attractive woman with her blonde hair in pig tails red ribbons in them, holding a sign that said Chris on it. I made my way over. "Hi I'm Chris." I said holding out my hand and smiling. She put the sign away 

"Amy," she said smiling back. She was wearing a leather hat and was very tall 6" 1" to my 5'11". She shook my hand smiling. I good see down the front of her jacket and man did she have a lot to look at. I think she saw my gaze drop to her chest and return to her eyes which seemed to twinkle. "I'll put your luggage in the trunk." She said. 

She grabbed my suitcase and suit bag in one motion and her pig tails swung down onto her chest as she stood up accentuating the swell of her bosom. She must have popped the trunk with a remote as it was already up. She had a short skirt on and was wearing some kind of black boots that came up to just below her knees. I could see the muscle in the back of her thigh as she walked to the back of the car and put the luggage in the trunk. 

She closed the trunk "Let's get going this storm is supposed to get worse as the night goes on." She walked over and opened the back door of the Limo to let me in. The snow swirled around her head and I could see flakes landing on the swell of her breast and melting. It didn't look as though she had a shirt on under her suit jacket. I got into the back of the Limo and sat back into the black leather seat. There was a stocked bar and I got a great look at her chest as she bent down to say "This may be a long ride but there is plenty to drink. We just restocked the bar this afternoon." She said with a smile. I swear she was flirting with me and let me get another look at her gorgeous breasts. It looked as though she was wearing a leather bra or a dark black one.

"Thanks a lot Amy." I said enjoying the view as long as she would let me. The wind gusted and blew her short skirt around and up. Holy shit! She was a real blond as a gust gave me a quick look at her crotch. I could see she wasn't wearing underwear and I could see her slit. She had one gorgeous looking crotch and I could see the lips of her pussy and little blonde hairs on them she looked to be almost totally shaved. She pushed her skirt down with one hand and closed the door before walking around and getting in to drive. She tugged her leather hat down with one hand and put the car in drive. 

The window between the driver and the passenger compartment was open. "Is there any particular type of music you would like to listen to?" she asked. 

"I have a CD, could you play this for me?" I said and handed her a CD I had made recently. She took it from me and slid it out of the paper sleeve it was in. 

"What's VA1 mean?" She asked. 

"Oh I made that for someone I know." I said

"Some girl I bet." She said. 

"You're correct. It's for a woman I work with. I don't really know her all that well but we have been having an internet love affair. I really don't even know what she looks like but she is definitely something special I'm supposed to meet her later tonight." 

"That maybe tough with the way it's snowing out." She said through the divider. The music began to play. I checked the bar and saw Apple flavored Vodka and there was some diet Redbull my favorite drink. I poured vodka ¾ of the way up the glass and added the Redbull and took a long pull. I could feel the tang of the vodka mixed with the citrus flavor of the Redbull. Mmm that hit the spot. I was feeling very relaxed. There weren't a lot of cars on the highway and the snow was 3 or 4 inches deep on the unplowed road. We had to take Rt 84 all the way to get my place in upstate New York. It might be a long drive.

Amy drove confidently and the weight of the Limo cut easily through the deepening snow. My drink was about done the music was calming and relaxing me. "Tell me more about this internet thing with the woman at work." Amy said to me. 

"Well there's not a lot to tell." I said. "I was flirting with her playing this game where I ask women questions. You know silly things at first and then I drop in something kind of sexual." 

"What do you mean?" She asked.

"Okay. For example I would ask if you were a tree what kind of tree would you be? Then maybe what is your favorite perfume? And end with what color are your favorite panties?" 

"And people answer those questions?" 

"Oh yes they do. You would be surprised at some of the answers I have gotten to the different questions."

"Like what?" She asked. 

"Okay one of the questions I like to ask is where is the craziest place you ever had sex? And I've got all kind of answers on that one." 

"Like what?" 

"I've gotten the golf course, hood of the car, my boss's desk, closets all kind of answers." I said. 

"The back of a Limo?" she asked. 

"No I haven't heard that one yet." I said smiling. "Although that does sound like fun." 

"This woman you work with what's her name." 

"Well strangely enough it's Aimee too." 

"Does she do anything other than work at her job with your company?" 

"I honestly don't know that never came up in our conversations."

"Then what happened?" She asked. 

"I don't really know. I asked if she had ever been with a younger man and she said she hadn't had good experiences with them. Somehow we continued along the same line of conversation and she asked me if I had anyone in mind and I was like are you kidding me of course I do and from there it just blossomed into something entirely unreal. I think I fell in lust with the idea of her and the way we spoke to one another is not something you can find with another person everyday. I've been trying to get her to meet me but I get the feeling that she is afraid of what will happen. Will I find her attractive or what will happen between the two of us. I'm not really all that sure what is keeping her back, but tonight is the night. I just know I'll find her as attractive in person as she is in my mind."

"This is going to sound strange coming from me and I'm really not supposed to talk with the customers but I have to use a bathroom really soon. Would you mind if I pull over at the rest area coming up?" 

"No go ahead I have to pee too." I said because I did.

She pulled over and once again got out of the car and came around in the blowing snow to open my door. She didn't lean in but stood outside holding the door open for me. The wind blowing her skirt around. As I got out of the car and she closed the door I could see the cheeks of her ass as she walked away from me. The wind had kind of pinned her skirt to the back of the blue suit coat she was wearing. The cheeks of her ass kind of flexed and jiggled as she walked into the rest area. Hooboy what a sight!

She held the door for me looking down and smiling. She had a very nice smile and her face was attractive her eyes sparkled with a hint of humor in them. "Thank you." I said.

"My pleasure." She replied. We walked down a short hallway to the where the restrooms were. There was an out of order sign on the ladies room door. She looked at me and said "Do you mind if we share the bathroom?" 

"I don't mind but you have to hold my dick for me while I pee." I said. I was joking and it popped out of my mouth before I new what I had said. 

"Okay",she said holding the door open for me smiling and looking down at my crotch.

"All right!" I thought this could be interesting. We both stepped into the bathroom and the door closed. There was no one else there. Hell we were like the only car on the highway. I walked up to the urinal and stood there. I looked over at her and she stood looking at me with her hands on her hips. "Amy could you please help me I need to pee." I said. She sighed and walked around behind me. She reached around and unzipped me fishing around the opening of my underwear she pulled my cock out. 

"Gee it's not very big." She said. 

"Maybe we'll see just how big it gets, but first make sure you don't let me pee on myself." I said. I flushed the toilet to make some background noise. It's not easy to get started when someone else is holding your dick. I closed my eyes and strained and finally I started to pee; I could feel her hand holding my dick and I began to get excited.

"That's a little better." She said as my dick continued to grow. 

"What are you doing?" I asked. She was moving my dick all around as I peed and I was barely hitting the urinal. 

"I'm trying to write my name." She said laughing. She was taller than I was and her mouth was at my ear and her chin was resting on my shoulder. She was looking down to make sure she could see what was happening. I was just about done and the stream was diminishing when she put her thumb over the head of my dick. Pee squirted from under her thumb and all over her hand and back onto my pants just kind of all over really.

"Hey what the hell are you doing?" I said. 

"I wanted to see what would happen." She was laughing into my ear and she smelled of a perfume I couldn't name, maybe Shalimar, but it was very nice and smelled really good. She had a deep throaty laugh that was very sexy and it kind of went right to my dick which was stiffening right up. "Does this always happen when you pee?" 

"Uh, not usually no but I don't have someone else holding my dick for me on a regular basis." I said closing my eyes and leaning back into her.

I could feel her breasts pushing into my back through her jacket. She had one solid bra on or her tits were like large firm melons. I was hoping it was both. She was stroking my cock with her right hand now while her left snuck it's way under my black tee shirt and was kind of rubbing the flatness of my stomach and then moving up to make circles in the hair on my chest. It felt good and I was now really hard and she was really stroking me doing a little thumb twist on the head of my cock at the end of each stroke. 

"It's much bigger now." She said and began to kiss my ear and play with my nipples and jerk me off with a renewed vigor. Damn this was good. 

"I thought you had to pee too" I said.

"I do but I can hold it for now." She replied in a whisper into my ear. She stopped everything and took both hands on either side of my pants and pulled them and my underwear straight down to my ankles. My cock sprang free jutting out a 45 degree angle. There were drops of clear pre cum leaking from the head glistening as I looked down. Damn I had a good hard on.

She stood and moved slowly around to the front of me. At this point I had shuffled backwards and was kind of resting my but against the sink. She now had one hand on my shaft while her other hand gently rolled my balls around. 

"I think you're done peeing." She said looking down at my rock hard cock watching her hand move up and down the length of me. "Maybe I should clean you off. I think you made a mess." She dropped to her knees and put her mouth to the head of my dick. Her tongue snaked along the underside of me as she sucked the head and slowly moved down taking me all the way into her mouth and throat. She stopped there and I could feel her sucking and her tongue moving under my cock. It was a crazy feeling; crazy like Oh my God this woman loves to suck cock. There have been very few women that could make me cum from a blow job but I knew that Amy would be one of the few, the proud the true cock suckers.

I could feel the breath coming from her nose hitting my groin. She slowly moved her head back all the way back to the head of my dick. She grabbed both cheeks of my ass and started pulling herself back and forth along the length of my cock. She was making sucking sounds and slurping noises and she looked so hot in her leather hat with her pigtails flopping back and forth. Her suit coat was open and I could see the mounds of her breasts moving and kind of bouncing with her in rhythm to her motion and it was a leather bra. She took her right hand from my ass and I could feel it snaking its way between my legs. Her thumb brushed along the under side of my balls and followed along my taint. I could feel a finger kind of rubbing against my asshole.

She tried forcing it in but I was kind of tensed up as I'm not a big fan of shoving things up my ass. I felt her hand moving back the other way now. It stopped and cupped my balls playing with them while her head kept a rhythm. She stopped sucking and let a mouthful of spit and a little bit of cum kind of drool down in a big slimy string into her waiting hand. She took the spit and rubbed it onto my asshole and she began sucking again. This time her finger forced it's way into my ass. It felt like I was being invaded by the finger from outer space. Either she had big long fingers or I had a tight ass. I slowly relaxed myself as I felt her finger moving around investigating and probing me. Oh my God! She began finger fucking me in rhythm with her forward motion on my cock.

I felt her rubbing something deep in my anal cavity. I felt something happening and the next thing I knew I was coming. I think she had been rubbing my prostate but not being a proctologist I wasn't sure. She didn't miss a beat and I could feel my cum shooting into her mouth and hitting the back of her throat as she swallowed it down like a calf sucking at its mothers tit. She had removed the finger from my ass and now had a death grip on both ass cheeks and my cock was buried to the hilt in her mouth as she sucked the cum out of me. I could feel her tongue moving and snaking around under my cock. I was shuddering and kind of jerking around with both hands on her head. Her hat was on the floor and I could see her blue eyes looking up at me smiling with my cock in her mouth. I think should would have stayed there sucking my cock until we both fell asleep or died of starvation if I hadn't pushed her head off of me. 

"Holy shit that was crazy!" I said. 

"Oh that's nothing honey I was just getting started." She said taking a finger and moving some cum and saliva drool from her chin into her mouth and swallowing it down. "I need my protein you know" she said with a smile. I pulled her up and slid my hands under her suit coat pulling her to me. We kissed, actually our first kiss, and I could taste a little flavor of myself mixing with her saliva as my tongue darted into her mouth. She turned her head sideways and really pressed her face and mouth into me. Her breasts were crushed against me and our mouths were now the center of the universe. I was losing myself in the taste and feel of her. Her body was smooth and warm to the touch and she smelled wonderful. She smelled of perfume and some type of body wash that had a fruity clean and sexy smell. Her tongue was long and strong, hell, she was long and strong and all woman. 

I moved a hand down to her crotch and began to rub her slit. It was smooth, oh so smooth, and I could feel how wet she was. It felt like there was a little furnace cooking down there as I moved my finger between the smooth folds of her cunt. I could feel her clit sticking up erect and I began to press against it with my finger; rubbing it in little circles then moving it up and down. She groaned into my mouth as I tried to find the bra clasp on her back. Damn it was a front loader! I moved my hand to the front of her chest forcing it between our bodies that were now molded together each pressing hard against the other. I got to it and she moved back a little so I could undo it. I've become kind of a magician at undoing bra clasps with one hand so in the blink of an eye her large wonderful 38D breasts were hanging free and her bra was dangling along both sides of her body. 

I was hard again. What a fucking woman this was. She was bold and sexy and beautiful and felt wonderful in my arms. I've held my share of women in my arms and some feel tiny, some feel tight but Aimee filled my arms and felt large and tight and sexy. She just felt big, not fat or anything just large and wonderful. She felt awesome, she felt like a real woman should feel and she made me want to fuck her hard, really, really hard and fast and deep and for a long time. She was almost totally shaved and I could feel like this downy covering of gold blonde hair on the outer lips of her pussy. She had the perfect camel toe pussy, no dangling pussy lips, just that perfect slit hiding her vagina behind two perfect pairs of labia. I was in heaven! I was fingering that golden pussy and feeling her juices kind of flowing and dripping down the inside of her thighs as I began to massage one breast with the hand not fingering her pussy and I began sucking and nibbling on the nipple of her other breast.

I could feel her nipple swell in my mouth as I sucked it. I was kneading her other breast like I was rolling dough. I pinched one nipple with my fingers and bit down on the other with my teeth. Not hard enough to hurt real bad but pretty hard. She moaned. "Oh yeah pinch my nipples! Suck my tit. I want you to bite it. Don't be scared I can take it" she said. 

"Okay, if that's what you want." I thought. So I did. I bit down harder than maybe I should have but she didn't seem to mind. I pinched her other nipple rolling it and pulling it while I pinched it. She moaned and was moving her hips in time to my fingering. She was grinding herself against my hand and she was soaked and moaning. I was so hard I that my dick actually hurt from the strain of it. 

"Rubber in my pants" I said. 

"Which pocket?" She moaned. 

"Wallet back pocket" I replied. She quickly went down to her knees frantically fishing around to find my wallet in my pants that were down around my ankles. She handed me my wallet and I found the condom, I threw my wallet in the sink and tore the foil package open with my teeth. I gave her the condom and she was once again sucking my cock. She stopped looking my cock right in its one and only eye, and put the rubber on the head of my dick smoothing it down along the length of me with one hand and then the other unrolling it to cover me in lamb skin.

She stood up and turned her back to me holding her hands on either side of the sink. She was looking directly into the mirror and I could she how beautiful she was. Her pigtails framed her face and dangled down in front of her large breasts that were now hanging free, nipples erect and kind of bright red from my pinching and biting. 

"Are you going to stand there looking or are you gonna fuck me?" She said her blue eyes looking into my blue eyes reflected in the mirror. 

"Uh, dumb question" I said as I slid my cock up and down her soaking slit and plunged into her vagina. Oh God. The hotness, the tightness her pussy felt like an old friend a warm wet friend. I grabbed her hips and began pounding into her. This was not making love this was fucking, hard fucking. The cheeks of her ass rippled and bounced with each thrust and her breasts were swinging back and forth hypnotically. As I lunged forward she forced herself back. We were really pounding away. Her face was kind of pressed against the mirror and her eyes were closed. She was panting and moaning; hell I was panting and moaning, did I mention sweating? 

It wasn't real hot it's just that I sweat at the drop of a hat. Sweat was dropping onto her ass as we pounded away at each other. I leaned forward and cupped a breast one in each hand and began squeezing them as we fucked. I found her nipples and began pinching and pulling and rolling them between my fingers. She was panting and talking. "Fuck me. Oh yeah like that! Pinch my nipples. Oooff argggh ooowww!" She started to shake and let out this like animal sounding moan. I felt a gush of fluid squirt against my leg. I'm pretty sure she just came and then she started pissing. It was hitting my leg and running down my leg into my shoe and onto my pants. It was hot and I could see the trail of yellow flowing down my leg. I moved my leg and now her pee was shooting out from between my legs hitting the floor just in front of one of the urinals about 6 feet away. That looked so cool. If someone were to come in it would look like I was pissing out of my ass hole. I have to admit that the warm feeling of the piss brought me to the brink. I could feel her pussy spasming around my cock. Kind of clamping down and unclamping almost massaging my dick. I began to come too. I was fucking her hard and then I had to just kind of stop and let my load release itself into the condom. I filled the reservoir tip and then some let me tell you. It felt like my brain was shooting out of my cock. The only thing I felt was the release of tension and I kind of leaned onto her back. My sweat was all over her ass and my shirt was soaked too. My shoe was full of urine and my pants were soaked with it. 
