 After an amazing candlelight birthday dinner my husband and I left the restaurant and headed for our car. I was anxiously awaiting my big birthday surprise that he had been building up all day and throughout dinner. He had already given me diamond earrings at dinner but swore that one more big surprise was still waiting for me later that evening. After sharing 3 bottles of wine at dinner I was a little worried about my husband driving home but all my worrying was quickly put to rest when he led me to the stretch limo that was going to take us home.

As we approached the limo, the driver got out and opened the door for us. We slid into the black leather seat as the driver closed the door. My husband informed me that the limo would be driving us around the city for the next two hours before taking us home. I had always dreamed about riding in a limo and now my husband had made my dream come true. We started driving and we poured each other a drink from the bar. 

We sipped our drinks and I snuggled in my husband's arms as we drove around downtown Chicago. The city lights and view from the limo was amazing. I had never been able to sit back and actually enjoy the beautiful skyline until this moment. It was incredibly romantic and I looked into my husband's eyes to let him know how much I loved him. 

He lightly ran his fingers down the side of my face, caressing my neck and the skin exposed from my low-cut dress. He slowly moved his hand around to grasp my bare back. I gave a slight moan as he pulled me closer, spreading my legs wider. We could feel each other's heat through our clothes. I reached for his manhood and could feel him already throbbing for me. 

One of his hands shyly slipped up my dress, working to get my black satin panties off. I gave him a devilish grin as I unzipped his pants. He slowly pulled down the zipper on my dress. I gave him a quick wink as he slipped the other hand up my dress. I felt a slight tug then hear the distinct rip of thin fabric as he dlid his hands down my legs with the remainder of my panties. He stifles my moans of anticipation with a deep kiss. I was powerless in his grasp and wanted it that way.

I turned and whispered in his ear, "I want you…I need you to be in me."

He inhaled sharply and buried his face in the soft skin of my neck. After kissing and biting my neck, he leaned back and gazed deeply into my eyes. He wrapped his arms around me, scratching my naked back. I could feel the burning trails of every nail. Writhing in a combination of extreme pain and pleasure, I slapped his cheek. At first not hard, then again and harder. He reached over and grabbed my waist. I smacked him again with my other hand. We are both enjoying this new strange pleasure.

He grabbed my other hand and kissed me roughly on the mouth. I struggled slightly in his strong grip, wanting to tear his shirt open and claw at his chest. I surrendered completely at his mercy. He released my hands and we smiled wickedly at each other. I slowly put my arms around his neck and kissed him with my fingers running through his soft brown hair. Suddenly my kiss turned to a bite and I grabbed a handful of hair and pulled his head back so our eyes had to meet. 

"Now! I want you inside of me now!" I demanded.

He put his arms around me and pulled me so I was straddling him in the back of the limo. He thrust his massive throbbing cock deep inside me. He could feel my wetness as he slid his cock in. I released my grip and he buried is head in my tits. We rock back and forth with pleasure mounting every second. Our breathing was heavy and uneven. Moans and bits of words could be heard. He could feel every muscle in my body convulsing in ecstasy. The muscles contracting and releasing around his big hard dick. Moving as one being we are so close.

He shot is load deep in my pussy. We both yelled out uncontrollably in the heat of orgasm. My husband's cock stayed so hard giving me multiple orgasms as we drove around under the city lights. We did not even consider that the driver might be watching or listening or both. In fact the possibility of putting on a show for the driver made the situation even more erotic.  When my husband's cock could take no more, I slid off of him and next to him in the seat. Our breathing slowed as we held each other and kissed. Our faces were flushed and we hurried to put ourselves back together when realized we were turning into our subdivision. I just barely got my tits back in my dress and my husband's cock back in his pants when the driver opened the door.

As we left the limo the driver gave both us a knowing wink and I could see the tent in his pants. After the show we put on I knew the drive would relieve himself as soon as he turned the corner. What an amazing birthday.