 CHAPTER FOUR

Kellie was glad her journey had come to an end. What she had planned to be a shopping visit, and a chance to be with David, had turned into a nightmare. At least her husband hadn't found out. Her heart missed a beat, those two men. She hoped that they could be trusted.

She keyed her pin at the main gate; absently pushing it once the numbers had been entered. But it stayed locked. She tried again. Still locked. She pressed the buzzer and the maid answered.

"Mrs Davis, Mr Davis has left a note for you. He told me to give it to you."

Kellie impatiently ripped open the envelope. In it was a typed but unsigned note. It didn't go into much detail. It didn't need to. In dot-point form, it informed her that her access to the house had been cancelled, her store account cards had also been cancelled, her credit card limit was reduced to $5,000 and it would be cancelled at the end of the month. There were some clothes packed for her and she was to keep her mobile phone switched on as some lawyers would be contacting her shortly.

Kellie re-read the note. Surely not? Those two bastards must have told my husband after all. She pressed the buzzer again. She asked the maid about her clothes. The maid told her that the gardener would bring the suitcase to her.

Standing in the familiar street, suitcase at her feet and the note still in her hand, Kellie wondered what to do next. She rang for a taxi and pondered where to stay. A hotel, at least for a couple of days. She told the taxi driver to take her to a modest place that was not too far away. She checked in, hoping that the note was right about her credit card. Sure enough, she had been given just enough money to keep her going for a couple of weeks.

Up in the room, she kicked off her shoes and thought about ringing David. She mustn't go into details, she couldn't go into details.

"David, he's found out."

"How?"

"It's a long story. But I know he knows. And he has thrown me out."

"Sorry Kellie. I was sure the car would be okay."

"I did too. It's not your fault. All I've got is some money, a credit card and this phone."

"That's too bad. I'm not sure what I can do though."

"What do you mean not sure?" Kellie asked.

"Well, I'm married. Our affair, you know, has to be discreet," David replied.

"Yeah, I know that. But surely you could help..."

"I would, but I don't know how. Listen, you were his PA before you got married. You're only 27. It wouldn't be hard to start again."

"Yeah. Like I married the boss and now I'm getting divorced. How's that going to look on my resume?" she snapped.

"I'm sorry Kellie. I don't know what I can do."

"Get fucked David," and she angrily pressed the red button.

Men she thought. Hopeless the lot of them.

As expected, the lawyers rang the next day. They wanted to meet with her that afternoon. Clearly her husband had decided to move quickly. No bad thing she thought. Let's get it over and move on.

The meeting was as she had expected. Three of them, one of her. They pointed out the pre-marriage agreement. She was not prepared to concede anything, not yet at least. She remembered getting advice on it before they got married. In the case of divorce arising from her adultery, she was to get next to nothing. Nonetheless she decided she needed help. She needed her own lawyer to help her bargain for a little more than next to nothing.

By the end of the week, it was all over. The second meeting achieved a small victory. She could keep all her clothes, her jewellery, her personal effects and a lump sum settlement. That was their final offer. She thought it over, she didn't have much choice. She had sold her furniture and put the money in her own bank account. That cash, plus the settlement should see her through. For a while.

That evening, while dining alone, she thought about what David had said. Work as a PA again. Sure, it was only 18 months ago. If she used her maiden name, and her prior references, she might be okay.

First thing Monday she rang some employment consultants. They sounded keen. But they always do. One wanted to meet her that afternoon.

"Kellie," he smiled. Unconsciously she winced. How she hated employment agents and their false sincerity. "So nice to see you." Still, she thought, time to move on and start a new life.

On Wednesday, she was dressing smartly for her first job interview. As irritating as his manner was, at least the agent was effective. When she rang for the taxi, she made a mental note to invest some of her cash in a new car.

The interview went well. It was a medium sized company, and someone was leaving. The most important thing was her ability to start straight away. That wasn't a problem, she thought. The man who interviewed her, Ian, seemed nice enough. No, he was quite charming. She thought that it might be a good place to work. She hoped she would get the job.

The consultant rang her on her mobile. "Kellie," he started. "We have some good news." Again she winced. This man was so annoying. "Can you start on Monday?"

Monday it was. With income, she was able to rent a place. She found a nice high-rise apartment block near the city centre. Walking distance from her job. A nice one-bedroom furnished apartment was just what she wanted. Somewhere to call home. A new beginning.

CHAPTER FIVE

It didn't take her long to get back into the routine of work. Maybe, after 18 months of not much to do, it was nice to have the activity of a regular job again. In any case, her work revolved around scheduling meetings, managing appointments, fending off unwanteds and helping Ian's subordinates.

Kellie quickly noticed that Ian had that contented air of a happily married man. There were two photos on his sideboard, one of his wife Kim, and another of his two children. One boy and one girl. From time to time when he had to work later than usual, he always rang home and spent some time talking to his wife before resuming work.

It was on one of these late nights that things started to change. The two of them were alone in the office working on a presentation. Ian was drafting ideas on his whiteboard while Kellie was entering the points as presentation slides on the laptop computer. 

Engrossed in her typing, she suddenly felt him standing behind her. Looking at the slides no doubt. Then she felt his hands on her shoulders, massaging her shoulders and neck. It was comforting. Comfortable. Sensual but not seductive. She turned to look him in the eye, he bent forward, kissed her. He gently brushed her cheek with a finger as they tenderly kissed.

All hell broke loose. The door flew open and the cleaner barged in, turning on a noisy vacuum cleaner strapped to his back in the process. Ian stood back, going visibly red. Above the cacophony he apologised most profusely. Kellie was confused. He seemed such a contented man. And yet his kiss was tender and genuine. And she enjoyed it. She had been buried in work and home for the last few months. She really did miss being sensual. She dismissed it as an aberration on his part. She was sure that it wouldn't happen again. It couldn't happen again.

CHAPTER SIX

The slides they were preparing were for a conference where Ian had been invited to speak. It was an honour to him personally, but it was also important for the company for him to make a good impression with his talk. Kellie was to accompany him, to make sure that the distribution of the notes of his speech were made available, as well as marketing material from the company. Up until that late night, Kellie had no qualms. Even though they would be away together for three days in a luxury island resort. Now she wasn't so sure. She didn't want to fuck up his marriage and she certainly didn't want to fuck up her job. She thought about it long and hard in the bath that night. The best thing to do would be to raise the issue with him the next day, just so she knew where she stood.

As she relaxed in bed, she was sure that this was the right move. If someone else had to do her job at the conference, then so be it.

After the cleaners noisy interruption the evening before, the presentation hadn't been finished. They were flying out the day after. Kellie interrupted his thoughts by asking him about the slide show. He asked her to close the door and again apologised profusely. He didn't know what came over him and he promised never to do anything like that again. Kellie felt relieved, and also managed to book a couple of hours of his time to finalise things.

The flight to the resort was uneventful enough, and once they got there, Kellie realised that there would be few problems crossing paths with Ian. The itinerary was very full. Presentations from morning to night, which would keep Ian out of the way, and she would be bored witless. The first two evenings were also booked. A boat cruise and meal one day, and a bus trip to a local winery for a meal the next.

Ian's presentation was in the morning of the third day, which kept Kellie occupied for a couple of hours. It seemed to go well, and she was busy handing out copies of his notes. The last afternoon dragged on so, with the conference eventually finishing early on Friday so that people could fly home. Except for a handful who were waiting for a direct flight to Melbourne early the next morning. 

That evening was so quiet. The resort had few holiday makers, and even fewer left from the conference. Ian rang her and suggested they dine together in the resort restaurant. Kellie thought it made sense and they agreed on meeting at seven.

Casual conversations over dinner. Small talk, nothing in particular. The talk drifts around to work.

"I really appreciate your work. The presentation was very professional," Ian started.

"Thanks," Kellie replied, somewhat embarrassed.

"You really brighten up the office. It has been a wonderful the last couple of months working with you."

"It has been wonderful for me too," Kellie replied.

"You're company tonight makes me not want to go home."

He reached out and took her hand. Kellie started to feel a little uncomfortable.

Ian continued. "I realise what a sham my home life is."

Kellie was shocked. "Sham?"

"Yeah. There is so much I am missing. It has been months... I miss it so."

Kellie pulled her hand away. Months she thought. Missing it. She never realised. She knew some women, once they got married... Dangerous territory. She tried to think of what to say.

"Perhaps if you and your wife went away together," Kellie suggested. "Alone. A romantic holiday. Could someone look after your kids?"

"No, that would be worse," Ian replied. Holidays are supposed to be happy. Who wants to be alone with a clingy sexless woman."

"Surely, just the two of you. There must be some chance."

"You don't know her. There would be no chance."

Kellie thought of her failed marriage. Sex isn't the only thing for a relationship. But bad sex, or no sex, does put things under strain. "Ian. I don't know what to say."

"That's alright," he replied. "I shouldn't have burdened you. It's just you are such good company and I really needed someone to talk to."

Fortunately their main course arrived and the food interrupted conversation for a while.

As she walked back to her room, she thought of Ian. The pictures in his office. The phone calls home. And he is just a lonely man. Looking for love with sex like all men. She felt sorry for him. She really did.

CHAPTER SEVEN

Nothing more was said about Ian's marital woes on the flight home. Kellie knew that sometimes Personal Assistants got more personal than they bargained for.

Ian suggested, seeing as Kellie pretty much lived on the way to his house, they could share a taxi. Kellie couldn't see the harm in that. They had sat together on the plane all the way from the island, so a thirty minute taxi ride couldn't do any harm.

Something had changed. Perhaps it was the familiarity of being home again. As soon as the taxi got underway, he reached out and held her hand. 

"You mean so much to me. Your beauty and your poise. There must be a man in your life."

"No, there hasn't been anyone for a few months."

"I can't believe that. You are such a sexy and assured lady. Whenever I am with you I realise what I am missing."

Kellie heard the break in his voice. She realised that he was serious. She rubbed his cheek with her finger. He took her hand and gently kissed it. Then he leaned across and kissed her. Kellie smelt his masculine scent. She put her arm around him. He leaned closer, resting his head on her shoulder. He buried himself in her and she held him tight. The taxi droned on.

Kellie realised she was close to her apartment. She looked at his tousled hair. She understood how lonely he was. She knew he wanted love. She knew he was unsure how to ask her.

She heard herself say, "We will both be getting out at Cooper street driver."

She saw him look up at her, she swore she could see tears in his eyes. She held him tight.

They got to her apartment. She let him go and exited the taxi. She walked around to his door and opened it.

She held out her hand to him. "Come," she said.

He got out as the taxi driver placed their luggage on the footpath. He pulled himself enough together to sign the credit docket for the driver. Then he followed her inside. She guided him to the lift. 10th floor. Apartment 1012. She led him in and turned on the heating. 

"This way," as she showed him to the lounge room. She sensed she needed to show him. She sat on the couch, he sat beside her. It had been a long time for him. It had been a long time for her too. She felt almost ecstatic. "Ian, we are both going to have the time of our lives." She ran her hands though his thick dark hair and kissed him passionately. She felt him respond. She felt him take her in his arms and hold her the way men do. She loved that, the way their masculinity starts to show. The way they can go from a little lost boy to a passionate lover just with the thought of sex. It's so manly.

Their kisses went on forever. She held him tight, he held her tight. She could feel the apartment warming.

"Do you want to clean up."

He paused. "Yes."

She showed him the bathroom. When he emerged, she told him to wait for her in the bedroom. She freshened herself before joining him. She found him sitting on the chair. She knelt before him and started to unbutton his shirt. She pulled it out of his waistband, removed it and tossed it to one side. She undid his belt and loosened his trousers.

"Stand up," she quietly asked.

He did as he was told. She lowered his trousers and noticed he was wearing nice looking brief underpants. She eased them over his growing erection. She was startled to see that he was shaved. Somehow that seemed incongruous on her boss. She held his manhood, feeling it already hardening. She leaned forward and took him in her mouth. She felt him put his hands on her head, as if to complete a circle. A circle of sexual energy. She cupped his balls as she slowly and gently sucked his now hard and quite impressive manhood. Just enough to thrill him, hopefully not enough to make him come. She wanted that pleasure for later. She kept up the slow and sensual sucking. His masculinity was in the palm of her hands now, and she enjoyed it. Now it was her turn.

She stood up and faced him. Slowly, provocatively she undid the buttons on her blouse. She saw his eyes following her fingers. Soon her blouse was on the ground. Then her jeans. He had already discarded his trousers. She held him again, feeling his hard body pressed against her. Knowing that he was lusting after her breasts, her pussy. She stood back, reached behind and unclipped her black bra. She could see his eyes transfixed on her. She reached out and brought him to her. Again he kissed, but this time his hands held her breasts. Expertly massaging her. Brushing her nipples. She shuddered at his touch. Married men make the best lovers.

She turned around and faced the bed. Slowly she bent over, slowly she eased her panties down. She knew what he would be seeing. She wondered if he was a breast man or an arse man. Either way, he was a pussy man. And the sight of her pussy slowly emerging as she lowered her panties would be driving him wild.

She felt him grab her hips. She turned around and faced him. She took him by the hand and led him to the bed. She climbed on. He joined her. She pushed his shoulder so he was lying flat on his back. She quickly turned around and straddled him, her pussy just above his face. She took him in her mouth again. She felt his hands on her hips. She felt his tongue gently touch her pussy. Yes, the gentle touch of a lover who knows what he is doing. 

He was just teasing her, caressing her lips, lightly brushing her clit. Just getting her ready for him. She gently teased his hard cock. She still didn't want him to come. No! She wanted him inside her. She felt his touch centre on just the right spot. He knew exactly where his tongue should rub and just how hard he should press. Oh my God, he was good. She gave up on his cock. She lifted herself straight and pressed herself hard on his mouth instead. He knew exactly what he was doing. She could feel the buzzing already. 

Still he kept it up. Slowly, purposefully. No surprises. Gently rubbing her special spot over and over again. He had the confidence to know that sooner or later she would come. He just kept it up, slowly driving her towards her peak. She felt it building, the buzzing slowly consuming her. Getting closer, getting closer, getting closer. She knew she was going to come. Closer and closer.

"Fuck," she exclaimed as the dam burst. The surge ran through her body. Her entire energy drained toward her cunt. Fuck, she thought. I needed that. She looked down and saw he was still hard. She smiled.

Quickly she climbed off, turned around, and straddled him again. She watched his eyes as she lowered herself on his hard cock. She took him and guided it in. She felt that delicious sensation as it entered her. Spreading her cunt for the first time. Slipping inside her. Watching him. Feeling him.

She braced her hands on the bedhead. With him pinned under her, it was her turn to make him come. She started to thrust, squeezing him as she rose and fell on his shaft. He took his breasts. Gently he massaged them. Exploring her femininity. Fondling her breasts while she fucked him. A steady gentle rhythm. His manhood deep inside her as she slid up and down his hardness. Just the two of them and time standing still. The ultimate pleasure. His ultimate prize only minutes away.

She felt him getting more aroused. He was meeting her thrusts. She could feel his hips bouncing into her. She felt his hand on her bottom, holding on. Bracing. Leveraging himself to come. She knew he had shifted. He wanted to come now. There was only one thing on his mind. She could see it on his face. Eyes closed in concentration. Sweat glistening on his brow. She heard him moaning. Willing himself to come. Moaning more intensely with each stroke. Each time he buried himself deep inside her. Faster and faster. She matched his pace. He was driving it now. Faster and faster. Deeper and deeper. Squeezing himself inside her as deep as he could go. Deeper, deeper and then he cried out.

Two, three, four deep thrusts. He kept it up. Slower and slower. Still he thrusted. He seemed to come forever. It must have been so long for the poor man. Again and again. Then he stopped. 

She leaned forward, his hardness still inside her. She rested her head on his chest. Felt his heart beating so fast. Felt the sweat on his body. Poor man, it has been a long time. She lay on him; she never wanted to get off. She felt his arms wrapped around her.

They lay like that for quite a few minutes. Kellie then gently lifted herself off. Most of his come had already run back onto his stomach. She grabbed a couple of tissues and wiped herself. Then she wiped him. His come was everywhere. No wonder he had orgasmed so long. It must have really been ages since he last had sex. She curled up beside him and held him. He was so warm. It had been a long day and she was tired. Holding each other, she quietly dozed. Just slipping in and out of consciousness. The room getting darker as the light outside faded. Inside it was warm and cosy with her lover. She held him dearly. And he held her.
