 The storm swept over us without warning, blanketing the sky in darkness. I swore softly--beneath my breath, of course, since ladies do not curse, even in this most modern year of 1908. Casting one last despairing glance at the clouds, I gathered my thick skirts in my hands and raced out to find Oscar as the first thick drops of rain spattered down onto the dusty yard.

Oscar was the caretaker and general handyman here at the lighthouse. I have been charged with the duty of lighthouse keeper, since Oscar cannot read or write, but it is he who does most of the labor. Right now he was herding the last few sheep into their pen behind the two-room cabin which serves as the base for the lighthouse tower. I waved to him and he loped over after securing the gate.

"You'll have to stay here tonight," I told him, matter-of-fact. "The storm is moving too quickly for you to safely make it through the forest." He stared down at me silently for a moment, and I errantly thought to myself that his eyes were incredibly blue. So...intense. The thought confused me briefly--I'd never considered such things about him before. I shook off the feeling and turned back to the lighthouse without waiting for an answer.

I'd only gone a few steps when I felt his hand on my arm. I turned to face him, hyper-conscious of the heat from his palm that seeped through the sleeve of my dress. Oddly, he didn't let go immediately, and even more oddly, I felt that I welcomed the warmth and...intimacy, almost, of the touch. He addressed me in a level tone, "But, miss, would that be...proper?"

Oh, damn. I hadn't really thought about that when I'd offered to let him stay. But it was just Oscar--we'd been working together for almost three weeks now and I trusted him. I shook aside his protests. "Nonsense," I said, leading the way into the lighthouse. "I won't be responsible for your death if you are crushed by a falling tree or swept out to sea during the night."

With those words, I hurried him into the kitchen of the cabin, and we huddled around the wood stove. We ate a light meal of tomato soup and bread, while the storm showed no signs of abating. Finally, I decided that the storm was likely to last for the night, if not longer, and we should try to get some sleep. Thinking to bring a blanket from my bed so that Oscar could settle in by the stove in the kitchen, I retired to my bedroom. But I wasn't alone for long.

Hearing the scrape of a foot against the floorboards, I turned quickly to find Oscar close behind me. His eyes were slightly wild, wide, and flashed with the next lightening-strike. Electricity seemed to fill the room, too, arching unseen between us and raising the hair on my neck. I found myself aching to touch the base of his throat where his grimy work shirt gaped. Almost unconsciously, I reached out and he caught my hand in his. Without warning, his other hand came up to hold my head still as he bent down to taste my mouth. I gasped in surprise and he took advantage of the chance to slip his tongue between my lips. The shock of that hot touch on my own tongue sent a frisson of pleasure right between my legs. I could feel myself grow wet and my cunt throbbed with each movement of his hard lips over mine.

"Oscar," I whispered weakly, when I was finally able to catch a breath. "We can't...." My body pressed wantonly against his hard heat gave the lie to my protest.

"Sarah, please..."

I shivered when he spoke my name. He had always called me just "Miss" before and the sound of my Christian name on his lips sent a thread of desire spiraling to my core. My own lips parted and I felt my resistance melt away. I seemed to be watching myself from a distance as I passively allowed him to remove my outer dress and my corset. My nipples were already perked at attention, and he seemed to like what he saw, reaching for my smooth body hungrily. He massaged the lines in my skin left by the bones of my corset and lay me back against the counterpane. The brushing of my silky hair over my bare shoulders caused goose bumps to ripple across my chest and I moaned softly.

His large, work-callused hand slid down over my belly and stopped to cup my mound through my bloomers. I imagined that he could feel the heat and wetness in the palm of his hand. Slowly, oh so slowly, he began to rub right over the swollen slit, his blunt middle finger indenting the pale cotton. I couldn't control myself, tossing my head back and whimpering, my rosy nipples hard as diamonds and pointing up to the ceiling.

Soon the teasing was too much for me and I begged, "Please, oh god, touch me...more....harder....oh!" I jumped when the folds of my cunt parted under one strong stroke, and his nail grazed the tiny organ within. He grinned at me and leaned down to take one full breast in his mouth. Eagerly, I buried my hands in his thick, dark hair and held on, my hips moving in tight circles while a lance of pleasure spiked up through my nipple in his hot mouth. 

Just when I began to feel the heat gathering in a tight ball at the base of my spine, my muscles tensing, he suddenly released me. I gasped at the brush of cool air across the nipple he had suckled and shuddered with need. He wasted no time in divesting himself of his ratty trousers. A bit of sanity finally returning, I watched with no little curiosity as he released his jutting member. Lazily, he pumped it a few times--I could not tear my eyes away from the sight of that snake-like appendage as it disappeared and reappeared in his enormous fist. I was so entranced that I hardly took note of his movements when he slid my bloomers down my legs, laid me back on the bed and positioned himself between my legs, gently spreading my thighs.

The storm raging outside was forgotten as I felt the hot, blunt tip of his cock against my dripping cunt for the first time. He seemed enormous to me, the head a blazing ball against my body. For a moment I tensed, and he felt my nervousness, soothing me with a caress along my inner thigh. Two fingers reached between our sweat-slicked bodies to gently roll my clit. With a shout, I relaxed helplessly and was suddenly stretched wide. I thought distantly that I should feel some pain, but there was nothing but pleasure. Good, so good, the burning brand of his organ scorching me with each movement forward. I writhed, impaled. I hardly felt his hands guiding my hips as that space inside me was inexorably filled. When he pulled back, I groaned, suddenly feeling terribly empty and wanting him back inside me. He obliged with a stronger push, and we were moving in rhythm, together.

I wrapped my long legs around his waist, unashamedly crying out as he grunted with each thrust. His sweat dripped down on my soft belly when he leaned over me to capture a nipple with his mouth again. The twin sensations of the rough tongue over my breast and the friction of his cock grinding up...into me...harder...were too much for my poor body. With one last scream, I arched up into him, my nails digging into his shoulders and my muscles clenching around him as I came. In the next thrust, his back went rigid and I felt a scorching liquid shooting up into my body before he collapsed, boneless.

We lay there, spent, for many long minutes, his weight pressing me sweetly back against the thin mattress. When he finally moved to withdraw, I shivered at the loss of contact. Seemingly knowing what I needed, he rolled my sated body onto its side and climbed up behind me. He curled his warm length against my back and smoothed one hand down to cradle my mound one more time, possessively. I slid my hand down over his, tangling our fingers in the sticky hair at the joint of my thighs, and fell softly asleep to the sound of the pattering rain.