 The ringing of the doorbell roused Kristen from her light nap on the couch. Quickly glancing at the clock on the wall, she frowned and strode toward the front door. It was only three o'clock in the afternoon; too soon for Misty or Kevin to be home, and they wouldn't ring the bell anyway. 

A dark shape was visible through the frosted glass of the double doors. She checked the small monitor mounted to the right of the door. It showed an older black man in a security uniform fidgeting nervously as he waited. He was about to ring the bell again when Kristen cracked the door open.

"Can I help you?"

"Is Mrs. Carter available?" the man asked.

"And you are?"

"Oh-sorry! My name is James Knight I'm head of security at her office building." He flashed a timid smile.

"Sorry, she should be at her office."

"Actually, she's been gone most of the day. I was hoping to catch her here anyway, since this is more of a personal call." Kristen noticed he was holding a small sealed manila envelope, self consciously shifting it between hands as he spoke.

Kristen opened the door a little more, pulling her silk robe tighter around her body. The security guard's eyes widened at the sight of her rotund midsection and heavy breasts silhouetted in the fabric. She smiled in spite of herself.

"I'm her sister, Kristen." She held out her hand and he took it with a perfunctory shake. "If it's something important you can leave it with me and I'll make sure she gets it."

"Well, I don't know. Like I said it's... personal."

"Up to you." she said dismissively, and started closing the door. 

"Ok wait." He was holding out the small envelop and a business card. "Just give this to her and have her call me when she has the chance."

"Will do." Kristen promised, taking the items.

"Thanks." The guard quickly turned and headed for his vehicle.

Inside, Kristen turned the envelope over slowly; trying to discern what could be in it. Something more than paper from the sound it made and the way it slid around. She sighed and tossed it onto the coffee table. As she sat there surfing the cable channels for something interesting, her eyes kept being drawn back to the yellow rectangle. 

Ever the curios one, she could never leave things alone. Christmas and birthdays had always been a nightmare for her parents when she and her sister were growing up. She would turn the house upside down for weeks searching for any trace of a gift. Once she found them, and she always did, it was like a full-on crime scene forensics investigation as she examined each package.

She picked up the envelope and examined it again. The glue seal was poorly attached and already peeling along at least an inch of the flap. Ten minutes later, with the help of some steam from the clothes iron, the envelope was open. She dumped the contents onto the table: there was a silver DVD in a case, and a hand scribbled note reading:

Mrs. Carter,

Please forgive me for being forward, but you should really be more discrete in what you do at the office after hours. If someone else had been on first shift instead of me, there might have been a stink made. I wasn't sure what to do, that's why I didn't bring this to your attention earlier. This is the only copy of the security footage from your office. And don't worry, my lips are sealed.

It was signed Jim Knight, Security Chief. Kristen picked up the DVD and looked at it. It was a plain, recordable disk. The only label was 'Room 322 Feed' and a date of three weeks ago.

More curious than ever, she dropped the disc into the DVD player. A moment later she was watching her sister scan a bookshelf in an office, presumably her own. The video was surprisingly clear for a security camera, although it was in black and white and looked a little washed out. After a few minutes another figure walked into the room, causing Kristen to gasp. Kevin stood behind her sister, clearly admiring her ass. Suddenly it clicked: the nervousness of the guard, the 'personal matter', the note about being discrete. It all made perfect sense. She was watching security footage of the night Kevin had went to help Misty after work and stood her up!

She watched transfixed as Kevin walked up to her sister and goosed her ass. Although there was no sound, she could tell that Misty had screamed by the way she jumped and turned quickly. On the screen her sister was now topless and Kevin was kissing his way across her chest.

Kristen sat back on the couch, letting her robe fall open to her sides. Her nipples were hard mountains rising up from the sloping mound of her breasts and her crotch was on fire. One hand crept up the slope of her stomach and over her chest to pinch one nipple. Her other hand slid down to press the lacy fabric of her panties into her cleft.

In the video her sister was on her knees, gripping Kevin's fat cock with both hands and stuffing it into her mouth. A sharp pang of jealousy shot through her as she watched him disappear into her sisters' face. She yanked her panties to the side and plunged two digits into her dripping pussy, moaning as she fucked herself with her fingers. Her breathing came in short, ragged gasps. She watched her brother-in-law step between her sisters' legs and sink his meat into her waiting hole. Another bolt of jealousy flew through her at the look of pure ecstasy on Misty's face, and the fury of her fingers doubled. Her eyes were glued to the screen watching to two impromptu porn stars enjoy each other's bodies. On the screen Kevin's head was thrown back, his look of animal lust caught perfectly by the high mounted camera. She recognized that look as the face he made when he came, and the realization that Kevin was pumping his cum into Misty's waiting pussy was all it took to push her over the edge. She rode the crest of her orgasm, back arched, pregnant belly reaching for the ceiling, face contorted, screaming out Kevin' and Misty's names over and over again while her fingers continued to pound her throbbing pussy. Finally she collapsed back on the couch, utterly spent and gasping for air. On the television, the footage ended and cut to a static test pattern, like you used to see on broadcast T.V. when the channel went off the air. 

***

Misty was the first one home that evening, and found Kristen in the kitchen busily preparing dinner. 

"Hey sis." she said cheerfully, dumping her purse on the bar.

"Hey, how was work?" Kristen was slicing tomatoes on top of a big bowl of salad.

"Eh, same old same old, anything exciting happen today?"

"Uh, not really," she paused, trying to come up with something, "the baby's been moving a lot. Other than that it was pretty quiet." She shot a quick glance from the corner of her eye at her sister, who was flipping through the stack of mail on the bar idly.

"Have you talked to Kev?" 

"No, haven't heard from him."

"Who's talking about me?" Kevin asked, strolling into the kitchen. He hugged his wife and planted a kiss on her lips.

"Oh, just wondering if Kris knew when you'd be home."

He looked at his watch seriously for a moment. "Right about now."

"Funny." The sisters said in unison.

"I'm going to go change." Misty announced. "Be back in a minute." As soon as she was out of sight Kristen was on Kevin like white on rice; grabbing his crotch, pressing her body against his, pulling him down to her for a long, wet kiss before finally releasing him and stepping back.

"Wow." He said quietly. "Where did that come from?"

"You'll just have to wait and see." she said coyly.

"Hey Kev!" Misty called from upstairs. "Come here a sec!" He looked at Kristen again, but she had turned her back to him.

Upstairs, Misty was striping off her modest business suit when he walked into their bedroom.

"What's up babe?"

"Hey does Kristen seem to be acting funny to you?"

"No," he said slowly. "Not that I've noticed. Why?"

"I don't know she seems off today. I asked her about her day and she was very, shifty, I guess you could say. I don't know it was just weird."

"Hmm, I haven't noticed anything." He walked over to his nude wife and wrapped his arms around her. "Although I don't see how you expect me to think straight with this in front of me." She giggled as he nibbled at her bare neck.

"Stop it!" She slapped his arm playfully. "Not now!"

"Later?" He raised his eyebrows questioningly.

"Maybe." She winked at her husband. "Now get out so I can get dressed."

***

Dinner was a strange event to say the least. Misty and Kevin both tried to engage Kristen in some topic or another, but each attempt was met with short, curt answers and distracted looks. She only picked at her food, moving it around on her plate with her fork.

"You okay Kris?" Misty asked after an uncomfortable five minute silence.

"Huh? Yeah, I'm fine. I guess I just feel a little off today." She pushed her chair back from the table. "I think I'm going to go lay down." 

They watched her sulk off toward that stairs. When she was gone Misty turned to her husband. "See what I mean?"

"Yeah, what do you think is wrong?"

"I don't know. I'm going to go talk to her."

Fifteen minutes later Kevin was on the couch with his laptop when Misty came back down stairs.

"Any luck?"

"Fuck no. She won't say more than two words at a time to me."

"Hmmm."

"You go try to talk to her, see if you can get anywhere." She looked at him pleadingly.

"Okay." He closed his laptop and trudged upstairs. 

Kristen's door was slightly ajar. He stood outside for a moment, head down, fingers tented on the smooth surface of the door. He knocked once before pushing the door open. Kristen was lying on her side with her back to the door. She had changed into a plain white A-shirt and a pair of hip hugging boy shorts. Kevin's cock instantly began to swell at the sight of her round bottom. He cleared his throat and Kristen rolled over to face him. Her dark, round nipples were clearly visible through the thinly stretched fabric of her top.

"Hey." A warm smile lit her face. Kevin sat on the edge of the bed and put his hand on her hip.

"What's going on?" She was silent. "Kris?"

"Nothing," she mumbled with a dour look on her face. Clearly something was bothering her that she didn't want to talk about.

"Bullshit." She looked hurt, and wouldn't meet his gaze. "I can tell something is bothering you. Fess up."

She was silent for several moments longer before finally answering. "I don't know exactly. I'm all – mixed up – I guess you could say. Look, let me deal with it. I promise you I'll tell you everything in a day or so, I just need to work it out on my own first." Her voice cracked as she spoke, and Kevin could see that she was close to tears.

"Okay." He sighed. "I'm holding you to it." He threw a quick glance at the door before leaning in to plant a tender kiss on her lips before retreating from the room.

"I love you." She whispered to his back, too quietly for anyone but herself to hear, as he pulled the door closed behind him.

Misty was looking at him questioningly when he walked back into the living room. "Well?"

Kevin shrugged. "I don't know, she won't say."

"I'm worried. I think she might be depressed or something."

"I wouldn't go that far, it's probably just hormones. Give her a few days." He squeezed his wife's hand reassuringly. "Wanna go take a shower?"

Her eyes sparkled mischievously. "I'll be right behind you."


***

Three days passed before Kristen met her sister's husband at the door when he came home from work. She was wearing a very familiar outfit, the one that had started all this trouble months ago: dark red silk panties lined with black lace and a matching bustier, which struggled to contain her 36DD's back then, and now completely failed to restrain her growing bosom in wondrous fashion. The front was unlaced and loose, allowing it to accommodate her round pregnant belly. Kevin just stared in disbelief.

"Remember this?" She struck a sexy little pose, looking at him intently.

"How could I forget?" 

She led him by his tie into the living room without a word and pushed him down onto the soft leather couch. She leaned over him and the massive globes spilled out of her top. Kevin reached up to cup each heavy sack. To his surprise the nipples were wet and slippery.

"Lactation." She explained seeing his slightly confused look. "And that's not the only thing that's wet." She stood and drew his hand to the cleft between her thighs. The silk of her panties was sticky and wet. Her breath caught in her throat when Kevin pressed hard, grinding the smooth fabric into her sensitive clit.

She suddenly pushed him back in the couch and dropped carefully to her knees in front of him. She licked her lips as she ripped into his pants to free his throbbing cock. It stood proudly at attention, swaying back and forth slightly just an inch from her nose.

"I have something I want to show you." She said as she grasped the shaft and slid her hand up and over the swollen head. "But you have to promise me you won't get mad." She gazed up at him expectantly, pale blue eyes locked on his.

"Ok." He grunted as she slid half of his length into her eager mouth and back out again in one fluid motion. Her lips popped audibly as they released him.

"Turn on the TV and hit play." Kristen instructed before devouring his manhood again, taking another quarter of his length into her mouth. He grasped the remote from the cushion beside him and clicked the television to life.

"What the-" he exclaimed when the picture filled the screen. He was looking at his wife, searching a bookshelf in her office. He looked down at his sister-in-law who was looking back at him with his cock sticking out of her face. "What is this?"

"Just watch." She mumbled around his thick meat.

He watched for several seconds before another figure entered the scene. It took him a moment to realize he was seeing himself on screen. In a flash everything clicked. He looked back down at Kristen who was busily sucking his cock.

"How did you get this?"

"A guy dropped it off the other day," she said, letting him slip from her lips. Her hands continued to work their magic on his shaft, "said he was head of security at her office or something."

"And you watched it?"

"Well, yeah. I was curious. So I watched it. At first it was a little weird. But the more I watched it the more I realized that I was getting incredibly horny." She stopped to lubricate his cock with her mouth before resuming her slow, deliberate strokes. 

"When you two came home that night that's why I was acting weird. I couldn't look at Misty without picturing her stuffing your fat, juicy cock into her face." She looked at him longingly. "Say something, anything."

"Okay so you were jealous, I can get that."

"No it's not that I was jealous of her," she trailed off.

A confused look crossed Kevin's face. "What do you mean?"

She took a deep breath, holding his rigid pole in one hand as she looked into his eyes. "I was jealous of both of you. I wanted to be right there with you, enjoying both of your bodies."

Understanding dawned on him.

"You wanted to have sex with me and your sister?" He was dumbstruck.

"Yes. You think I'm a freak don't you." She dropped his cock, clearly upset.

"I didn't say that Kristen."

She was silent, sitting back on her haunches with her arms crossed between her heavy breasts and rotund belly.

Finally she spoke. "Are you going to tell her?"

"Tell her what? That we were filmed having sex at her office, or that her sister watched it while she fingered herself?" he snapped. Tears welled in Kristen's eyes, spilling over her lids to trace down her flushed cheeks.

Kevin leaned forward and wrapped his arms around her, pulling her close and kissing the top of her head. "I'm sorry; I didn't mean to snap at you. I'm just a little shocked." He lifted her head to look down into her eyes. "We'll figure it out okay. Forgive me?"

"Yes of course." Kristen sniffled. She wiped tears from her eyes and looked down at the thick cock resting on her chest. "Now where was I?"

***

An hour later, Misty pulled her BMW into the garage and killed the engine. She was beat, in a sour mood and just wanted to take a shower and go to bed. As she walked into the kitchen she dropped her purse, phone and keys on the counter. 

"Kevin? Kris?" she called. 

The house was silent. Kevin's truck and Kristen's little shit box of a car were both outside, so they had to be there somewhere. "Hello?"

She heard laughter coming from outback. As she pushed through the French doors she found her husband and sister on the patio. The bar-b-q grill was smoking steadily and music was pouring from the discretely hidden speakers. They were both wearing swimsuits: Kristen in a decidedly un-modest yellow bikini consisting of boy short bottoms and a triangle top that left the dark edges of her areolas exposed; Kevin shirtless and sexy in a pair of dark maroon board shorts and flip flops. She admired how thick and muscular his body looked in the setting sun.

"Hey sis!" Kristen called out when she noticed her standing there.

Kevin walked over and wrapped her in a big hug, planting a kiss on her lips. "Hey baby. You're just in time, dinner's just about done."

She forced a smile. "Great."

"I'm gonna go grab a beer, you want one?"


"I'll come with you, I want to change anyway." She told him, following her husband into the house. As soon as the doors closed behind them she said, "What's going on."

"What do you mean?" Kevin asked as he dug around in the fridge for the beer.

"I mean you're outside with my half naked sister and I'd like to know why." She said coldly. "I can see her nipples for Christ's sake."

"I'm cooking dinner, outside, in the heat. Kristen was already in the pool when I came home." He wrapped his arms around her waist and gazed into her eyes. "What's wrong?"

"I don't know. I'm just in a really bitchy mood today." She confessed, laying her head on his bare chest. "I'm sorry."

He kissed her on the head. "S'okay. Why don't you go change into a swimsuit, and after dinner we'll all take a dip and relax."

"Okay."

Ten minutes later Misty re-emerged from the house. Kristen stopped talking in mid-sentence and Kevin's jaw hit the floor. She was wearing a skimpy electric blue bikini he had never seen before. It was made of just thin strips of fabric, maybe an inch wide at most, and held together with white string ties. A sliver of blue barely covered her smoothly shaved pussy, and wrapped under her and up the crevice of her toned ass. Equally small strips of blue started on top of each breast and plunged down the gentle slopes, transecting her pink areolas and leaving little to the imagination. Her lithe, athletic figure was bathed in the soft warm glow of the setting sun.

Kristen whistled. "Damn Misty, where did that come from?"

"I had it tucked away for a special occasion, but tonight seemed as good as any." She said nonchalantly. She stretched out on a lounge chair picked up a beer. "Pick up your tongue honey."

Kristen looked at Kevin and laughed at his slack jaw expression. "Don't burn the pregnant woman's food!"

"Funny." He turned his attention back to the grill.

When the food was served they sat around the patio table, Misty & Kevin drinking beer, Kristen drinking virgin daiquiri's, talking and laughing. Misty seemed to be in a better mood already. When the plates were cleared Misty stood and announced that she was going for a swim. Her husband and sister turned to watch her stride confidently to the edge of the deck and dive into the water, both admiring the way her ass flexed as she walked. Before long the trio was in the pool together, splashing and playing like children.

