 I didn't even hear the door open as I leaned over to take my shot at the pool table. So imagine my surprise when I go to line up my shot and across the way I see a pink and dark blue striped shirt, completely unbuttoned so I could see down it and gaze on your luscious breasts! I totally flubbed the shot, and I immediately heard your effervescent giggle across the way.

You smiled at me and asked if I was somehow distracted as you slowly walked around the table, brushing your fingers along the table as you walked. I could see then that you were not only wearing that amazing shirt, but those sexy blue shorts. You walked up to me and put a hand around the pool cue, then slowly stroked your hand up and down it. You asked if you could take the next shot and I obliged you, handing over the pool cue.

As you bent over all the way, your breasts almost pressing into the edge of the table, I slid around behind you slowly and I whispered "If you think that's distracting, how about you try this?" I then placed my hands on your luscious ass and slowly began teasing you with my fingers, stroking your ass through the shorts gently, my fingers pressing into you as I did. I increased the distraction by starting down the backs of your thighs and then slowly running my hands back up to your ass, pulling your shorts up a bit as I did.

You smiled, then managed to concentrate enough to sink that one shot, then you placed the pool cue down on the table and your hands went to the inside edge of the table. You gripped the edge hard as you let out a pleasured sigh, closing your eyes and smiling. You looked back over your shoulder and told me that it was my shot, smiling devilishly as I slid my hands off your ass and retrieved the pool cue from where you had set it down. You stepped aside, but only enough so you could get up close to me, pressing your breasts down on my shoulder as I went to shoot. That wasn't all you were doing to tease me though, because one of your hands had slid down and you were rubbing my cock through my pants with your long, tapered fingers, making me even harder than I had been at the mere sight of you.

I managed to sink the shot but I immediately dropped the pool cue on the table and pulled you over in front of me, your back to the table as you faced me. I kissed you deeply, my tongue massaging yours as I brushed my hands down over your breasts, taking time to tease them just a bit so your nipples got nice and hard. I pressed myself into you urgently telling you all you needed to know just by my body language.

I slid my hands down to your shorts and I slowly began working them and your panties down off of you, letting them drop to the floor for you to kick off after I got them over your knees. I slid a hand down between your legs. You grasped my wrist with one of your hands, urging me on as my hand slid over the silky mound between your legs. I began slowly stroking your pussy with my fingers, my thumb slowly rubbing your clit, as my fingers plunged into you, not too deep right away, but slowly working into you. I heard you begin to moan for me, working your hips against my hand, drawing my fingers deep into you as I probed you.

You pulled your hand from mine and first removed your shirt, tossing it to the side, then you began furiously working on my pants and boxers, sliding them down off me as quickly as you could. You leaned back, placing your hands back on the table as I began pumping my fingers in and out of you furiously. I pressed you back so you laid your back flat on the table and I leaned over, still working my fingers in and out of you, and began kissing at the base of your neck. I worked my way slowly down, kissing and licking my way down over your collarbone, then down to your breasts. I stopped here, running my tongue around your left breast, starting at the base and working a slow spiral all the way around up to your nipple. I slowly ran my tongue along your nipple, then sucked on it for a moment, your hands moving to the back of my head and playing with my hair as I sucked on your nipple, probing it with the point of my tongue, making it hard again.

I then ran my tongue down the valley between your breasts as you arched back against my fingers while I worked them into you as fast as I could, causing you to moan with pleasure as I probed you.

After I worked over your right breast, circling it slowly and sucking on the nipple as I had the left breast. I kissed down your stomach slowly, and then I pulled my fingers from you and used my hands to spread your thighs nice and wide. I then dove down on you slowly, kissing down the insides of your thighs as I made my way toward your pussy. I finally made my way down between your thighs, lowering my head over your pussy, which I slowly stroked with my tongue, laying it flat on you and starting at the bottom, working my way to the top. You moaned loud and arched back as though you were trying to almost get away from me.I finally made my way up to your clit and I slowly began sucking on it, running my lips side to side on you as I ran my tongue in circles on that tiny bud of flesh.

You worked your hips up against me, moaning and crying out in fits of ecstasy as I brought you closer and closer to cumming with each second. I slid my fingers back into you for a moment, checking to see how close you were as I kept sucking on your clit, working it in my mouth as I slid my fingers into the hot, wet, tight silk that was you. I felt you throb and begin to tighten around my fingers and I pulled them out of you before I pulled my mouth off your clit, then slowly lashed your pussy one last time with my tongue. You arched back, cried out loudly and spasmed as you came hard, moaning loudly as you came down from that.

I slowly pulled you down off the table and whispered in your ear, even as you were panting heavily, that I was about to fill you with my cock. I spun you around so you were facing away from me, then I bent you over the table and slowly tilted your hips back toward me so I could slide my cock into you nice and slow, working first the head, then my entire shaft into you. I hear you moan and begin calling my name as I begin thrusting my cock into you and pulling out, first slowly, then picking up the pace just a bit, working my cock almost all the way into you and pulling it almost all the way out with each thrust. As I did, I began rubbing it along the inside of you as I did, causing you to cry out more and more between the moans of ecstasy escaping from your lips. I slid a hand down between your legs and began slowly stroking you all the way from that silky mound down over your clit, causing you to tense up more and more around my cock as I thrust into you.

I pulled out of you at last and spun you back around, allowing you to throw your arms around my neck as we locked in a deep kiss before I scooted you up on the edge of the pool table. I pulled you into me, slowly entering you again, this time working my cock into you faster and faster.

You pulled away from me and took my hand, inviting me to join you on the table. When I climbed up on the table with you, you grabbed me, rolled me onto my back and then climbed on top, straddling me, positioning my cock at the entrance to your pussy. You sunk down on just the head of my cock and worked your hips around slowly, causing me to groan as you teased my cock, making me swell as I began to feel it fill with cum. You smiled as you slid down on my cock, letting me feel that your pussy was hot, wet, tight and throbbing for me as you began riding me roughly, grinding yourself down into me and rocking back and forth violently. You moaned loudly and began calling my name, wanting to make me cum even as I felt your pussy tighten more and more on me, almost unbearably.

As you rode me, I finally felt myself readying to let go, I kept holding myself off from cumming as best I could. My hands slid to your ass and I grasped it tightly, pulling and pushing you with it as you rode me harder and harder. Finally neither one of us could hold off cumming so we both exploded at nearly the same moment, you collapsing forward onto me.

You placed your hands on the table as I wrapped my arms around you, holding you there for a moment, the sweat from our bodies mingling as we clung to each other in ecstasy. I rolled you onto your back, wanting to finish what I started before you pulled away earlier so you could ride me. You wrapped your legs around my waist as I stroked myself down into you, my cock hardening even as I began pumping in and our of you. Your cries of passion were first light and timid, but soon they turned to desperate and longing as I worked my cock into you harder and faster, keeping our bodies in close contact. I slid my hands under your ass and I tilted you up into me a little more, making us fit together all the more closely as I thrust into you, my cock going deep, then pulling out almost all the way to the head. It didn't take long for either of us to build toward another strong cum, your pussy tightening around my cock harder than before, throbbing as you began working your hips up into me to meet my downward thrusts. I closed my eyes and tried to hold off cumming as best I could, but after a little bit, when I felt you cum all over my cock, I exploded into you, causing you to cry out in ecstasy both from your cum and mine.

I held myself up as best I could but I fell into you, and you willingly wrapped your arms around me, and we kissed deeply one last time before I pulled up off of you and the two of us got dressed. I gave your ass one last squeeze as you turned to walk away, and you smiled back at me, blowing me a kiss as you sauntered out the door...