 It was a quarter past nine and I was sitting on a stool at the Chandelier bar in the Cosmopolitan hotel. I was slowly nursing a lemon drop martini as I sat the end of the left side of the bar people watching. I was trying to do everything that I could to keep myself from counting the minutes on the clock. In just fifteen minutes he would be walking into the bar.

The nerves were slowly starting to set in. We had been talking for the past four months via emails, text messages and more recently phone calls. We had exchanged pictures, but we had yet to truly see one another in the present.

I hit the menu button on my phone to illuminate the screen and the digital clock read 9:25, only five minutes remaining! I tossed back the remainder of my drink, took a deep breath and pulled out my compact mirror from my clutch and did a quick check of my makeup. I added a fresh coat of red lipstick, finger combed a few loose strands of hair back into place and put everything away. I checked the time one more time on my phone and it read 9:30. The moment my mind registered the time it was as if my heartbeat tripled in speed. I closed my eyes, took three deep breaths to calm my nerves and turned on my stool to face the entrance of the bar...and there he was.

He looked just like his pictures. Tall, lightly toned, graceful, and pale. My breath got caught in my chest as we made eye contact and a slight smirk appeared across his mouth. I parted my lips to exhale and slowly licked my lips as he stalked his way toward me. His stride was powerful and full of confidence. He was elegantly dressed in all black: slacks, shirt, tie, and shoes. The dark colors of his clothing made his creamy alabaster skin stand out that much more. His eyes and the smirk on his face never strayed as he made his way over to me; and then he was in front of me, two feet away.

"Hello Steph," he stated as he extended his right hand to me.

"Hi," I breathed as I placed my mocha colored hand in his. My voice was breathy and dry, fuck he took my voice away! I cleared my throat and tried again, "Hello."

"May I sit?" I nodded my response and he took the sit to my right. We both turned so that we were slightly facing each other and the bar. "May I buy you another?" He asked as he glanced down to my empty martini glass. I nodded my response, once again, silently castigated myself to get it together. I was a powerful woman; at least that is what I had led him to believe in the last four months. But, my silence was betraying me, and I knew it, he knew it. 

"You look exceptionally beautiful," he stated as he leaned into me, grasped my right hand that was resting on my thigh and gave it a lite squeeze. He didn't let go of my hand as he motioned to the bartender and placed his order. When he finished with the bartender he turned back to me and gave my hand another squeeze.

"Cat got your tongue? You haven't said much." He stated as he turned his chair to face me completely.

"I'll be honest, I am a bit speechless at the moment. I mean I don't actually know what to say, we have discussed so much in the last few months that I feel as though I have said it all. I thought tonight was going to be less about talking." I was slowly gaining my confidence.

"How about we finish our drinks first?" I conceded to his request with a nod and picked up my fresh martini that the bartender had just placed in front of me.

We chatted lightly about our travels to the hotel and our separate plans for the weekend as we sipped on our drinks. I was on my third drink for the night when he placed my hand—the same hand that he had grabbed when he sat down next to me; he had never let it go—onto his groan as he took a swig from his tumbler. He was hard, I could feel it, but I had also noticed it when he had first sat down. I gave his erection a light squeeze and finished my drink. His hand paused midair as he held his drink and watched me toss mine back. I leaned into him, caressing his cock through his pants, and lightly ran my tongue along his bottom lip. His breath hitched and he closed his eyes slowly, his long lashes accentuating the task.

Upon my retreat to my seat he opened his eyes, and there was my answer. He was ready. I grabbed my clutch, rose from my seat and slowly exited the bar. He was right behind me, after he tossed a few bills on the bar top for our drinks. He caught me as I passed the hostess that was carding people and he placed his right hand on my lower back. He steered me through the crowd and the casino to a bank of elevators, so we were going back to his room. The doors opened and we followed the small crowd in. He pulled me back against his body, reached around me to the floor panel, swiped his room key and selected the twentieth floor. The other patrons in the elevator were loud and talking and drunk, which was completely understandable seeing that we were in Las Vegas. If it were not for him, I would be out with my friends at a club drinking and dancing the night away, but I had told them I would meet them later. I was still suffering from a "hangover" from our earlier festivities.

Then the doors opened onto the twentieth floor and we exited the elevator. He placed his hand on my lower back once again and led the way. He stopped at door 2015, turned and looked at me as if to double check that I was sure about this. I took the keycard from him, opened the door and entered his room without a backward glance. He stepped through the door and I attacked.

I dropped my clutch to the floor and pushed him up against the back of the door. My lips were on his in a nanosecond. As our lips and tongues assaulted each other my hands clawed at his clothes and his hands roamed my body. I managed to undo his tie, untuck his shirt and unbutton the first few buttons on his shirt as he pulled my dress up around my hips. He pulled me closer, flesh against his body, and slid his left hand down between the lips of my pussy. He groaned in my mouth as he found me pantiless.

"Fuck," he stated when he slid his fingers between my wet pussy lips. I was aroused. 

He massaged my slickness onto his fingers, causing me to grind my pussy onto his hand. I broke away from the kiss and moved to his neck, Adam's apple, and collarbone. Two fingers slid into my tight cunt, eliciting a slow moan from me. I nipped his collarbone, he groaned and pumped his fingers into my hot wet cunt.

I licked and sucked my way back up his neck to his lips and slid my tongue along his. Our kisses were sloppy and we were moving as if time were of the essence.

I broke away from our kissing just long enough to pull his shirt off his shoulders, and his under shirt up over his head. He never once broke stride in finger fucking my cunt. I leaned down and flicked my tongue across his left nipple just as he started to slide a third finger into me. My pussy protested by clamping shut on the two fingers he already had inside me, preventing the third from entering.

"God, you're so tight." He cried as he tried to rotate his fingers and open my hole for a third. My hands were now at his pants. I had undone his belt and zipper. I yanked his pants and briefs down below his butt and felt his cock spring up between us. I nipped my way across his chest to his right nipple and sucked it into my wet mouth. As I lightly sucking on his right nipple, my pussy finally opened up so that he could ease that third finger in.

Slowly he pushed his ringer finger into my tight hot cunt, forcing me to release his chest and throw my head back. The feeling was incredible. I had longed for him to touch me. To be inside me, and while it was only his fingers, I felt full of him. I reached down between us with my right hand and grabbed his cock. He was hard; he felt like solid hot steel in my hand. I stroked him to the same speed he was finger fucking me. His breathing started to quicken and remembering what he had wrote in his emails, I knew he wouldn't last long, so I stepped back and broke all contact between us.

"What the-" he stated, as his eyes regained their focus. I dropped down to my knees, and resumed stroking him.

"I want you to cum on my tits, remember." I said between my hastened breathing. He moaned his response as he tilted his head back against the door. The pace of my hand picked up, I could see and feel the pre-cum oozing from his cock and the more that touched my hand and slid between my fingers the more I wanted a taste.

"Oh God," he moaned. He was so close I could just see it on his face. I tightened my grip and stroked faster. He started pumping his hips. He cried out again and again. I brought my left hand up to cup his balls and just as the head of his cock poked out from my fist I sucked it into my mouth, hard.

"Fuck! Oh fuck!" And a few other expletives rolled off his tongue as his hips suddenly froze. I pulled my mouth off and aimed his cock down to my breast, just in time for the first spurt.

Six creamy shots of cum landed on my breast. As he came down from his pleasure induced high, his body shuddered. It was obvious that coming had taken a bit out of him. I squeezed the last bit that I could get out of his cock onto my hand and brought it to my lips. Still shuddering, he gazed down at me and watched as I smeared my cum stained hand across my lips. He groaned and slid down to his knees in front of me, as I now was the one smirking.

...the story continues, if interested in more please let me know.