 I wanted to get my wife something special. Something very special. Our first anniversary was coming up in just a few short days and I was cruising the mall looking for the right gift when I saw a store that caught my attention. The window had mannequins dressed in the sexiest lingerie I had ever seen. And all I could think of was how much better those outfits would look on my wife than on a mannequin.

It took less than a minute for me to decide to go in and check it out. I knew this would be more a present for me than for her but I figured I could get her something else as well. In the meantime, I just couldn't resist checking out the merchandise.

I passed a couple of women exiting as I was entering. They looked at me and grinned. I smiled back and entered. There were displays scattered randomly throughout the store. From lacy full-length numbers to the skimpiest see-through outfits I had ever seen. I wandered around like a kid in a candy store (a very expensive candy store!), not knowing which of all the many wonderful treats I wanted.

A voice from behind me snapped me out of my reverie. A soft, sexy, sultry voice that got my heart pounding before I even turned around.

"May I help you find something?"

I found myself looking at an absolutely stunning woman. About 5'6". Long shiny black hair. Deep green eyes. Full, sexy lips set in a half smile. Wearing a short, tight black dress that did very little to hide her perfect figure. And those breasts - full, firm and seemingly too big for her small frame. But really, can they ever be TOO big?

I started to speak but my voice failed me. Taking a deep breath I tried again.

"I'm looking for something for my wife," I stammered.

"You mean you're looking for something for you, don't you?" she said. "Something for you to dress your wife in!"

"Well, yes. I guess you could say that..." I responded.

I found my eyes wandering down her body. Lingering on those perfect breasts, past her flat tummy and down to legs that seemed to go on forever. I forced myself to return my gaze to her eyes. Her incredible green eyes. She smiled at me.

"See anything you like?" she said, the double entendre obvious in her voice.

"Well yes, I do," I said with a grin of my own.

"I meant do you see any lingerie you like," she laughed.

"Oh... of course. Well there are just so many choices I'm having a... um... hard time making up my mind."

"Perhaps I can be of help. We have a showroom in the back. Maybe I could help you pick out just the right outfit. What size is your wife?"

"She's about your height but not quite as busty... uh, I mean not quite as well proportioned as you are!"

She reached out and took the red silk nightie I had been looking at off the rack and started to walk away. Turning around she looked back at me still standing there. I had been staring at her ass. A perfect tight round ass swaying under that very short black dress.

"Well, what are you waiting for? Follow me!"

I smiled not believing what was happening and started to follow her through the store. She stopped a couple of times to take a few more outfits off the rack and headed through a passage in the back of the store. I followed her into a small back room furnished with a couch and a table.

"Please, have a seat. Can I get you a drink," she said as she hung the outfits over a small screen that partitioned off a corner of the room.

She walked over to a small bar in the opposite corner and looked at me.

"Sure. Do you have any scotch? Single malt?"

"Will McCallan's be OK?"

"Absolutely! That's one of my favorites."

She poured the drink and walked over to where I sat on the couch. Bending over she set it on the table and paused a moment, the low-cut dress showing plenty of cleavage. Plenty of cleavage! And I was staring right at those perfect orbs for a long, long moment before I realized she hadn't moved. Raising my eyes to her I saw that half smile once again. She then looked down, right at my crotch where my arousal was more than obvious.

She then spent a long moment herself, eyes looking right at my growing erection, my slacks doing a poor job of hiding what was quickly becoming a major HARD ON.

Finally she looked back up at me as she straightened up. "Either you really like scotch or you're very happy to see me!"

I didn't know what to say so I said nothing as she walked back over to the screen where she had left the lingerie.

"Just relax as I take a moment to change. I'll try on a few outfits and you can pick the one you like best."

I sipped my scotch as she disappeared behind the screen and tried to will my hard on down... to no avail. I could hear the shuffle of clothes and imagined her naked behind that screen. Then I saw the black dress flip over the top and the red nightie slide off behind the screen.

What was I doing here? I'm a happily married man. One who was about to celebrate his first anniversary! I should get up and leave right now. I took another sip of scotch, torn between my raging desire for this woman and what I knew was the right thing to do. It was probably all just a big tease anyway. She just wanted to make a sale. Before I could make a decision, it was made for me as she reappeared from behind the screen.

WOW! Perfection. She walked slowly toward the center of the room draped in nearly see through red silk, the material flowing gracefully. Her breasts pushing forward against the silk made it obvious she wasn't wearing a bra. My eyes wandered down toward her hips and it was then that I realized just how short the nightie was. It barely went past her hips and her long luscious legs were bare to my gaze. She swirled around and I could see her white lace panties as she spun.

"Do you like this one? It's simple but effective, don't you think?"

"Oh yes," I replied. "I like it a lot!"

My eyes were fixed on her as she walked around the table and stood right in front of me. I looked up with the world's biggest grin plastered on my face.

"Feel the material." She bent over and took my hand and placed it on the edge of the nightie... the silk slipped through my fingers.

"Do you think your wife will like it?"

"I don't know but I sure like it!"

"Let me help your imagination." And, as she spoke, she suddenly dropped into my lap. My hand automatically went to steady her back.

"See - doesn't it feel good against your hand?" she asked. "Do you like the way it looks?"

"I like the way it looks on you," I replied. She giggled and shifted in my lap rubbing her ass against my erection. Any pretense of hiding my arousal now a hopeless cause.

Just as quickly as she had dropped into my lap she jumped off and hurried back to the changing screen.

"OK. Let's show you another one." And with that, she disappeared behind the screen again leaving me to my scotch and my throbbing hard on.

I shifted in my seat and took the opportunity to reach down and try and adjust my cock in my pants. It was no use though, I just got harder and then, there she was again. I quickly moved my hand away from my cock but not before she caught a good glimpse of me rubbing myself.

"Oh you poor thing! That must be so uncomfortable. Why don't you take it out and relieve the pressure while I show you the rest of the outfits we picked out."

Oh my god. There she was wearing a white lace strapless bustier with white garters, white see-through stockings and a white g-string. And she was inviting me to take my cock out!!!

Well there was no going back now. I was too far gone. As she walked toward me I stood up and dropped my pants and briefs. Her eyes went wide as she saw my cock come into view. I sat back down, my cock sticking straight up; my eyes riveted on her. And her eyes were focused on my huge hard cock.

Now it was her turn to be caught speechless. I'm no slouch in the size game. In fact, I've been blessed with quite a large endowment.

"Wow," she breathed. "Now that is one impressive piece of meat you've got there!"

I practically blushed. My eyes feasting on her body as it shimmied and swayed its way toward me. Without thinking my hand went to my throbbing cock and started to stroke it as I watched her get her rhythm back. She turned, twirled and posed for me as I continued to stroke my cock, pre-cum starting to flow from the tip.

"Does this outfit turn you on? Do you like the way it looks?" she asked?

"YOU turn me on," I replied. "And I love the way YOU look in that outfit!"

Her eyes locked on mine and then slowly, deliberately she lowered her gaze till she was staring right at my cock. "I can see just how much you like it!" she said in a low sexy voice. Her gaze didn't waver off my cock as she slowly slid to her knees between my legs. I continued to slide my hand up and down the long thick length of my shaft, my cock growing even bigger, even harder as I watched this gorgeous woman kneel before me.

Her face was but inches from my cock. I could feel her breath on my shaft cooling the pre-cum as it ran down the sides of my throbbing erection.

"Such a big, beautiful cock," she breathed. "Your wife is one lucky woman to have that at her disposal!"

I wasn't thinking about my wife right now. I was thinking about what a lucky guy I was at the moment.

She lifted one hand and let the tip of her index finger gently trail its way from my balls up to the top of my cock, covering it in pre-cum in the process. She lifted her finger and held it in front of her, looking at it for a moment before turning her gaze back to me. Her sexy green eyes locked on mine just as she brought her finger to her mouth and ran the tip of it round her lips, covering them in a glistening of pre-cum. Her tongue darted out and she licked at her finger. Then, parting her lips, she sucked her finger into her mouth and cleaned every drop off.

I watched in awe, my cock throbbing at the sight of this goddess savoring the taste of my pre-cum.

"Oh. Yummy! I just love the taste of a man and you taste especially sweet!"

Slowly she rose back to her feet. "There's one more outfit for you to see. I'll be right back."

I sighed deeply, as she turned and walked back behind the screen. I drank some more scotch as I wondered just how much more of this teasing I could possibly take. After a few minutes she called out, "Ready or not, here I come!"

Oh I was ready, all right. And I was the one about to cum at the sight of her stepping out from behind the screen dressed in high heels, sheer black stockings, black garters, crotchless black lace panties and a see-through black lace bra that was at least 2 sizes too small for her ample endowments!

She stopped a few feet from me. "You like?" she asked as she pirouetted around in a circle.

"Hell yeah, I like!" I replied as my hand flew up and down the length of my cock.

Facing me once more she raised her hands to her tits and lifted them, squeezed them. She let one hand drop to her crotch and began to rub her pussy and in no time at all she was squirming and cumming as I watched her frig herself.

She took the last few steps to where I sat, straddled my legs and squatted down so that her pussy was suspended just an inch above my cock. Her breasts... her TITS were at eye level. Unable to resist I reached out and grabbed them. Squeezing them together and then pulling at the bra so that it was pulled down below them. I wrapped my arms around her and buried my face between her breasts just as she began to lower herself on my cock. Slowly she slid down my shaft. Ever so slowly, letting a fraction of an inch at a time part her tight wet pussy. So tight! So hot. So wet.

She started moaning and I realized she was cumming before even half my shaft had penetrated her. Still she continued to lower herself till finally every huge hard throbbing inch of my massive cock was buried to the hilt.

I placed my hands on her hips and helped guide her back up my shaft and then pulled her down at the same time that I arched my hips and shoved every inch of my cock back in her pussy. Again and again and again. I fucked up into her as she slammed her body down, meeting my every thrust. I sucked on those big tits as we fucked. My cock throbbed and grew harder, bigger inside her velvety wet pussy.

"Oh god YES, fuck me, fuck me, FUCK ME," she squealed. "Fuck me with that huge monster cock of yours! Give it to me. Fuck me... oh god... I'm... cum... cumming... AHHHHHHHHH YESSSSSS!"

I raised my hands to squeeze her tits as I buried my face between them and slammed my cock deep inside her as she came again and again. Rising off the couch I lifted her with me, turned her around and laid her over the table. Moving quickly behind her I RAMMED my cock into her pussy from behind giving her every inch in one MASSIVE THRUST. I pulled nearly all the way out and thrust back in.

"FUCK!!! FUCK FUCK FUCK. Fuck me. Shove that big hunk of meat in my pussy and fuck me HARD!"

And I did just that. I slammed my cock into her pussy over and over again and again. She came and she came... and she came. In fact she must have cum another dozen times as I took her from behind and filled her pussy with every throbbing inch of my cock.

"Oh fuck. What a fuck. What a glorious magnificent FUCK," she whispered.

I pounded my cock into her tight wet pussy a mile a minute and felt her pussy walls constrict around my cock as she came once more, her whole body shivering in delight. I felt my own orgasm approaching swiftly and said so.

"I want you to cum on me. I want to taste your cum," she begged as she pulled herself away from my thrusting cock and turned around. She placed her hands on my chest and pushed me back on the couch. Turning she ran to the screen and came hurrying back with the other two outfits in her hands. She dropped to her knees between my legs and wrapped the red silk nightie around my cock and slid it up and down, my pre-cum soaking into the silky material. She looked up into my eyes.

"Do you like that? Do you like the feel of silk around your cock? Do you have a large load of tasty cum for me?"

"Yes... yes... I love it. Don't stop and you'll get yourself more cum than you bargained for!" I said in a low voice.

She pulled the silk off my cock and leaned over the shaft. Parting her lips she took the head of my cock in her mouth and kept going. And going. And going. Inch after inch of my incredibly thick hard shaft disappeared into her hot sucking mouth. More than I could ever have imagined possible. Still she kept lowering her head, my shaft disappearing into her throat until she has swallowed ever last inch.

"Wow. Wow. Oh wow," I muttered. "All of it. Every inch. In your throat!"

She slowly slid her lips back off my cock and then quickly engulfed it again. I placed my hands at the back of her head and proceed to fuck her face. I thrust every inch of my cock down her willing throat again and again until I was ready to explode!

"I'm CUMMING," I said loudly as my cock erupted. A huge jet of white hot cum shooting out the tip and deep into her throat.

She quickly pulled her face off my cock as I continued to explode. "Cum on me. All over me. Cover me in your jizz!" she screamed.

My cock shot jet after jet of cum which landed in huge gobs all over her face. Covering her in the sticky stuff. She raised her body and my cum shot out all over her tits and black lace bra. I always cum A LOT but I was setting a new record with the amount of jizz I was producing. Spurred on by this incredibly hot woman before me who was fingering her pussy and cumming yet again as I continued to paint her white with my jizz.

She lowered herself to her knees again and engulfed my cock in her hot sucking mouth and drained the last of my cum deep into her throat. She continued to suck on it, determined to get every last drop. Finally she slid her lips off my cock with a plop.

Leaning back she lifted the white bustier and white stockings off the ground and used them to wipe the cum off her heaving tits. All the while looking right in my eyes and smiling. Then she lifted the material to her mouth and started to lick my cum right off of it!

"Oh lover. You taste so good!," she breathed.

I just leaned back in the couch, astounded at this incredibly wanton, slutty display of cum lust!

"Well," she said. "Have you decided which one you want?"

"Actually," I said. "None of them are quite what I had in mind. Can you show me a few more?"

It was then that she let her eyes drop from mine and slowly down to where she could see that I was stroking my still hard cock!

"It would be MY pleasure," she squealed as she quickly hurried back out to the store to choose a few more outfits to model for me.

I was grinning wide at the thought of this half-naked, cum covered woman about to run out into the main store and... I was looking forward to trying her on again!