 Introduction from the author

The story you see below is a continuation of "The Lingerie Incident" some of you may have read. Although I think it can stand on its own I recommend that if you haven't read the previous chapter, to please do so before continuing on, as it sets the stage for the events in this chapter. It seems the adventures with Kristen aren't quite over yet. I'm honestly surprised at the turn of events in this chapter. I had an idea of how I wanted to start, but the rest or the story just seemed to grow on its own.

I hope you enjoy.

2011: Special thanks to blackstallion21for editing this revised version.

***

The computer screen in front of him flashed, displaying a notification: he had a new email. It was from Kristen.

She never sends me emails. He thought, curious about what she had to say.

He clicked 'Yes' and the message popped up in the center of the screen. Little did he know that the email he was about to read was going to change his life. The message was only six words, but those six words caused Kevin's stomach to drop like he was cresting the lift on the world's tallest rollercoaster.

From: Kristen

To: Kevin

Subject: None

Message:

We need to talk. I'm pregnant.

His coffee cup fell from his slack grip, spilling hot coffee into his lap. He didn't notice, just sat there staring at the screen, reading those six words over and over again.

"How could this happen?" he thought. Knowing full well what happened; five weeks ago he had fucked his sister-in-law and came inside of her. THAT'S what happened. They had both been consumed with lust at the time and wanted that ultimate joining of man and woman, but that was obviously a VERY bad idea.

Stupid! Stupid! Stupid! He scolded himself.

With trembling hands and a stomach doing aerobics he picked up the phone and dialed Kristen's number.

Two days later, he found himself sitting in a cramped waiting room full of women and screaming children. Kristen had insisted on going to the free clinic instead of her family doctor, who was also her sisters' doctor. So he left work early to pick up Kristen to bring her here.

He looked over at the woman sitting next to him: her hair was disheveled and unwashed; she wore no makeup, and generally looked like she hadn't slept in a month. She still managed to look sexy as hell in a short pink skirt and white tank top that prominently displayed her cavernous cleavage.

A cute blonde nurse came into the room and looked around, breaking his train of thought.

"Mrs. Conner?" She called. Kristen looked up, suddenly looking frightened and small. The nurse caught her eyes. "You can come with me now."

She got half way across the room before she realized that Kevin wasn't with her.

Looking back, she pleaded. "Aren't you coming?"

"I guess if you want me to." He stood up to follow the two women.

The nurse led them down a small hallway to a microscopic exam room and told Kristen to lie on the bed and that Dr. Cullins would be right in. Kevin stood against the wall, nervously awaiting the doctor.

***

On the ride back to Kristen's house, the truck was eerily silent. She hadn't said a word since leaving the clinic, and he couldn't think of a way to start a conversation. The doc had confirmed that Kristen was indeed pregnant and was approximately three weeks along. During the exam, the Doctor had asked when the last time she had had intercourse, trying to pin down a date of conception. Kristen, this was vague, not giving an exact date just 'sometime in the last month'. At the time Kevin had dismissed it as nerves, but a thought had been gnawing at the back of his mind ever since.

"When was the last time you and Jim had sex?" He asked her point blank.

After almost two minutes of silence he was preparing to repeat the question when she finally spoke.

"A week or so after you and I did, probably six or seven times since then." She mumbled.

Pushing further, he asked. "Did you use a condom?"

"No. I told you, I'm allergic to latex." She answered, looking at the floor board.

"And does he always pull out?"

"Sometimes, but not all the time." She replied timidly.

A small wave of relief washed over him at that moment. There was a very good possibility that the baby was her husbands, not his. He knew he wasn't quite off the hook yet, but at least there was hope. He glanced over at Kristen and saw a glimmer of hope in her eyes as well.



Fifteen minutes later they pulled into Kristen's driveway and killed the engine. They sat in silence for an eternity before she finally spoke.

"What are we going to do?"

"We just have to take this one step at a time. And the next step is to try to get that test the doctor told us about. That way we can see who the father is. Everything is going to be fine, one way or the other." He assured her.

"I'm glad one of us is optimistic. I can't see any way this could have a good outcome." She admitted.

"Well, we'll just have to wait and see."

"Yeah, I guess. Can you come in for a few minutes?" She asked sheepishly. "I don't want to be alone right now."

As they walked up to her door, Kevin put his arm around Kristen's shoulder and pulled her close. She looked up at him with those stunning pale blue eyes and smiled gratefully.

***

The pair ended up lying in Kristen's bed, watching a movie and chatting about anything and everything to get their minds off of the current situation. Sometime during the movie, Kristen dozed off in his arms. He lounged there with her head on his shoulder, watching her sleep for quite a while. Her soft locks fell around her face and onto his chest, framing her face in gold. He carefully brushed her hair behind her ear and gazed at her sleeping face.

God she is beautiful. He thought.

He was keenly aware of the shape of her body pressing into his; the soft swell of her breasts against his torso, the heat of her against his thigh as their legs intertwined. The combination had his cock beginning to swell in his pants.

He gently leaned forward and pressed his lips to hers, knowing it was a bad idea but helpless to stop.

Kristen's eyes sprang open as his tongue entered her mouth. Her body stiffened momentarily. Realizing what was happening, she began to return his kiss. Their tongues danced around each other, slipping and sliding from her mouth to his. Her hand slipped down between them and traced the thick outline of his shaft running down his right thigh.

"Mmmmffff." She groaned through their tightly joined lips.

Without a word, Kristen pushed away from him and spun her body. Her knees fell on either side his chest and her supple body pressed down along his abdomen. She rubbed her face over the ridge protruding from his pants. Kevin quickly flipped her skirt up, revealing her plump, round ass clad in only a small pink thong. The smell of her sex was intoxicating: sweet, damp and slightly musty. He ran his hands up her creamy thighs and squeezed her succulent cheeks. Kristen lowered her hips in response, grinding her sopping panties into his face.

At the same time he felt damp heat against his engorged member; Kristen was trailing sloppy wet kisses down the length of his cock, licking and sucking it through the fabric of his khaki pants until they were soaked with her saliva. Her left hand crept to his crotch and began kneading his balls roughly. With her free hand she began to squeeze and stroke his cock through his pants. The fabric scraped roughly against his distended member, creating a symphony of pleasure and pain. He managed to pull the thin pink string of her thong to the side and buried his face into his sister-in-laws dripping snatch. She moaned softly with her lips gripping his imprisoned member as he dined on her succulent flesh. Kristen wrestled to free the throbbing snake from his pants and with a tug she finally ripped it free of the confines. Her hand was a hot contrast to the cool, air conditioned room.

"Mmmm, that looks so yummy." She whispered. Her hands were slowly sliding up and down the length of his shaft. "I can't wait to get to the cream filling."

Kevin moaned into her wet hole when she suddenly slid him into her mouth. In one quick move his entire seven inch length was swallowed all the way to the hilt. Kristen's throat convulsed once as she tried to gag, then she just held it there, massaging the top side of his cock with her tongue, lips stretched tight around the engorged girth. Recovering a little from the initial shock, he renewed his pussy eating with gusto. His tongue slid along the thick inner lips of her pussy, down to the hard little bud of her clit, peeking out of its pierced hood. Paying extra attention to this most sensitive spot he sucked it into his mouth and gently nibbled. He was rewarded by a deep, rumbling moan that reverberated though his cock. After what seemed like an eternity, Kristen slowly slid him out of her mouth. He couldn't see anything down there with her pussy planted firmly on his face, but he could feel the thick ropes of saliva stringing from the head to her mouth, dripping onto his pelvis.

"Ohhhh Kevin! Yes baby!" She cried. "Eat my pussy! Fuck me with your tongue!"

He quickly painted her slit with his tongue, spreading her lips and dipping in to taste her sweet nectar. Without stopping he swept his tongue higher, circling the tight puckered skin of her anus. Kristen's body lurched forward in his arms at this unexpected stimulation.

"Oh shit! That feels amazing! Ummmfff..." The rest was cut off as she swallowed his cock again and began to vigorously suck and stroke it. Kevin dipped his tongue into her leaking pussy once more, and then pressed it hard against her anal opening, working it just inside the tight outer rim. Penetrating her ass with his tongue caused a tidal flood to erupt from her pussy.

"Aaaahhh, God I'm cumming!!!" She tried to cry around the hard pole between her lips. Her body began to shake on top of him. He quickly turned his attention to the sweet flood raining down on him; slurping and lapping her juices noisily. Kristen cried over and over again as he ruthlessly licked through her orgasm. The sweltering wetness of her mouth and the vibrations of her moans had him close to his own climax. His amazingly adept sister-in-law must have sensed the impending eruption, because she doubled her efforts on his member. Half of his length was trapped in her mouth, while her right hand was a blur as it flew along the remainder of it. With her left hand she began to knead and massage his distended balls, working them like clay.

With my mouthful of pussy Kevin growled "Ahh here it comes, I'm going to cum!"

Kristen quickly pulled his cock out until her lips were wrapped tightly around the glans and the tip was resting on the soft bed of her tongue. He erupted instantly, spraying hot globs of cum onto her waiting tongue and against the soft lining at the back of her throat. She continued to stroke his spewing cock, increasing her iron grip and milking every last drop from his balls. With each successive spurt she squeezed his aching nuts, making sure they were completely drained.

Satisfied that she had every drop he had to offer, Kristen spun around and collapsed on top of her brother-in-law, head on his chest, hair stuck to her face with sweat.

"God, that was incredible." Kevin complimented. "I've never came in a woman's mouth before. Misty would vomit if I did." Kristen just looked up at him with those beautiful baby blues and smiled but she didn't say a word. Her mouth was clamped shut, and she continued to stare at him.

"Is something wrong?" He asked, rather dreamily. He was enchanted by her eyes, and the playful smirk on her pouting lips.

"Mmm-mmmm" She answered before slowly opening her mouth. Her tongue was lost in a milky white ocean inside of her mouth. It seemed like there was four or five table spoons of it. Strings of cum were hanging from her uvula and her tonsils were white and gooey. She opened her mouth as wide as possible and started to swirl the thick gunk around with her tongue. Finally she swallowed the load in two gigantic gulps. She propped herself up on one elbow and leaned into him. Traces of semen were still on her lips as they parted and her mouth enveloped his. Her tongue snaked out and invaded his, slipping over his own tongue. He could taste the mildly salty-alkaline taste of his cum as they kissed fervently. Kristen finally broke the kiss and looked at him.

"That was the best cum I've ever tasted Kev." She confessed. "I could eat your cum every day and not get tired of it." She glanced at the clock beside the bed and reluctantly stood up. "You better get dressed and get outta here. Jim will be home soon."

***

When he finally made it home that night, Misty was in the den, working on some files she had brought home from work. Kevin stood in the doorway and watched her staring intently at the screen of her laptop. He really did love her, and fucking her sister couldn't change that, but didn't have much of a sex life; never had in fact. Misty just didn't care for sex much, so he only got laid once every couple of months, although the sex was always amazing when it did happen. She was just more focused on her work than anything else. It's a shame too, because she had a body that deserved to be worshiped. Unlike her sister who was short and thick in all the right ways, Misty was tall and slender. At 5' 11" she was just an inch shorter than her husband, and over half a foot taller than Kristen. Long, luxurious legs led up to a pert round ass that you could bounce a quarter off of. Her chest was blessed with a full, perky pair of B-cup tits, perfectly proportioned to her body, where Kristen's was adorned with heavy, round double D's. Long dark chestnut hair and intriguing grey-green eyes topped the package off.

Misty noticed him standing in the doorway and glanced up. "Hey babe, I didn't hear you come in. How long have you been standing there gawking?"

"You know me. I like to sneak up on unsuspecting victims."

"Riiiggght." She said rolling her eyes before returning her attention back to her computer screen. "Did you have fun with the boys?"

His mind drew a blank. What the hell is she talking about? Then it clicked. He had told Misty earlier that he was going to hang out with some of the guys from work and have a drink; a cover for his trip to doctor with her sister.

"Yeah, we had a good time. We picked up this hooker and took her back to Tim's place." he said jokingly. "She didn't have any teeth, but man could she gum the hell out of a dick."

Misty cracked up laughing, clutching her stomach and almost falling out of her chair. That pretty much summed up their relationship: they were always joking around like that, picking on each other, exchanging crude jokes. Her sense of humor was what he really loved about that woman.

When she had regained her composure, she clicked her laptop closed and stood up. She was wearing a silk robe that tied at the waist and was open down to her belly button, giving a nice view of her chest and sides of her breasts. The hem came mere inches below the bottom of her ass. She looked amazing.

"I was just about to get in the shower. Wanna come?" His wife asked playfully. "I'll let you wash me."

"...Like I would turn down a chance to get my hands on a body like that." He retorted, glancing and the hard buds of her nipples poking at the silk of her robe. Misty walked past and sashayed toward the shower.

Tonight is going to be a good night. He thought.

***

Melon scented soap bubbles coursed down Misty's slender body. Her back was to him, pressing against his tightly and pinning him to the shower wall. Kevin's hands traced random patterns over her body with her shower puff, adding to the suds. His erection was wedged into the cleft of her ass, which Misty was gyrating seductively, using her soapy crevasse to masturbate him. Her head was thrown back on his shoulder, leaving her neck exposed for him to lick, suck and nibble on. Soft moans echoed from the marble tiles of the shower. His left hand slid over the soft swell of her tummy, a finger tracing circles around the pierced skin of her belly button, before continuing south. Sliding over the smooth, shaved skin above, his fingers found her pussy and spread her lips. No soap needed for lubrication there, as her opening was hot and slippery-wet of its own accord. He found the swollen knot of her clit and pinched it between his thumb and forefinger, massaging it gently. Her flesh broke out in goose bumps despite of the sauna-like heat in the shower.

Misty bent at the waist in front of him, reaching behind her to guide his cock between her thighs which she promptly clenched around it. She began sliding back and forth, fucking him with her tightly clasped thighs. The heat of her womanhood blanketed the top side of his erection; with each backward thrust of her hips her clit ground along his shaft, sending shivers up her spine. Finally, she grabbed his throbbing member and positioned it at her wet opening. Ever so slowly she pushed her hips back, taking it into her a centimeter at a time. She was so tight, every time he entered her it was like sticking his dick in a vise. When his length was fully embedded in her, Misty slowly rotated her hips, flexing her pussy as she did. The feeling was indescribable, and had the added effect of expanding her opening to accommodate his raging hard-on.

"Aahhhhhhhh..." Misty growled.

"You're still as tight as the day I popped your cherry baby." Kevin moaned. She looked back over her shoulder at her husband. "Mmmm, you love my tight little pussy don't you?"

"Ahhh, yes I do." he whispered as she started to slide back and forth on his pole. She reached between her legs and grabbed his sagging testicles. Her nails bit into the sensitive skin as she squeezed them. His hands slid over her tight bottom, giving each cheek a brisk smack.

"Ooooo!" Misty cried out with each slap, "Spank me."

His hands roamed over her back, her shoulders, around her sides, but ultimately returned to her lovely rear to deliver another smack. Her pussy was getting wetter and wetter with each one, allowing his cock to slide more freely in her tight grip.   

Grabbing Misty's shoulders he stood her up, still impaled on his erection, and spun their bodies around. Misty stood facing the wall, arms spread wide, tits sandwiched against the tile. He pulled her waist towards him a little for better access, and began to pound her from behind. Her pussy was flooding, and dilated enough to allow him to really give it to her. Her moans turned into soft cries, which turned into high pitched screams of ecstasy as he drilled into her.

"Ohhhhhhhh! Fuck Kevin! Fuck meeeeeee! Yes! Yes!"

Her body started to shake and her eyes clenched shut; a low, growling moan began to build in her chest, rising in pitch and volume exponentially until her voice cracked.

"AAAHHHHH FUCK! I'M CUMMING!!!!" She cried as an orgasm rippled through her lithe body. With an iron grip on his wife's hips, he continued to pummel her quivering snatch for a full minute until he felt the familiar rush of impending release. He quickly ripped his cock from her hole and pumped his fist angrily up and down the shaft.

"Ohhh Misty..."Kevin moaned as his balls exploded, sending thick, white ribbons of cum up his wife's back. The first shot landed squarely between her shoulder blades, getting in her hair. When his dick finally stopped imitating a fire hose there was a trail of cum from her neck, down her back, and a thick stream sliding down between her ass cheeks. Misty was still pressed against the shower wall, quivering and whimpering. Feeling weak, he turned and leaned his back against the wall beside her. She turned her head to look at him, breathing rapidly, eyes half lidded.
