 I'd never been more nervous for a day to begin. The office looked different, as I stared up at it from my idling car. Trepidation had taken hold of me. My hands kneaded the steering wheel as the morning talk radio host blathered on about this or that.

Her car was in the parking lot. She was in there somewhere - my subordinate, my best friend, and the woman, who the day before, I had fucked right in my office.

In less than a day, my whole world had totally changed. Everything felt different. My job was no longer my job. It was an excuse to be with Amy. She was no longer just my friend. She held my heart. She was no longer merely a coworker. She was the object of my desire. As exciting as that all was, it also left me feeling uneasily vulnerable. I was, after all, married. My life as I knew it was in her hands and she could bring it all crashing down.

Walking into the office, there she was. Even bathed in florescent light, she looked beautiful. She was wearing her hair down. It was tossed to one side. Her stocking clad legs were crossed, only barely covered by her short black skirt. A matching black jacket hung from the back of her chair. The only thing hiding her shapely breasts was a fitted white tank. The office was cool, as it always was. Her nipples poked through the fabric.

We had agreed to spend lunch together, but I wanted her right then and there. Patience was going to be difficult, but nowhere near as difficult as greeting her as nonchalantly as I had countless times in the past. The tension between us was thick. We shared our corner of the building with three other people. They would suspect something as soon as I walked by. I was sure of it.

After an awkward good morning, I purposefully kept my distance from everyone. I was asked if everything was ok at least three times. The road to my highly anticipated lunch rendezvous with Amy was long and arduous. I weathered it poorly, but finally the hour had arrived. She agreed to leave 10 minutes after I did, so as to not arouse suspicions. We were to meet at a nearby park. The intention was to walk the park's heavily wooded trails and talk to sort things out. Those plans would end up changing rather quickly.

It was a glorious fall day. The air was crisp but not cold and the turning leaves twinkled as they danced in the light breeze. I waited in my car for Amy to arrive with butterflies in my stomach. She pulled up right next me. I met her at her door, took her by the hand, and kissed her. It seemed to surprise us both. Her lips were as soft and sweet as I remembered and what I meant to be a romantic peck turned into a passionate embrace.

Walking down the trail, Amy grabbed my hand and held it. The feeling was like that of breaking in a new pair of shoes. It was awkward until we found the specific pattern with which our laced fingers felt most comfortable.

"Did you get any sleep last night?" she asked, breaking the silence.

"Not a wink," I grinned. "How about you?"

"Like a baby," she jested. Amy and I loved to rib one another. I always believed that was one of the reasons why we became such fast friends. You need a certain degree of safety with a person to be able to razz, or be razzed, by them.

As we walked, we enjoyed the same small talk and banter that we always had which was a huge relief. Then the trees opened up and we found ourselves at a well manicured baseball field. I stopped her and sat her on one of the bleachers. "Amy, I am worried," I said, getting to the heart of the matter. "There are a million ways that this could go wrong and only one that will lead to a happily ever after for each of us."

"What do you mean?" she asked with concern.

"We are both risking so much. What if I am not the man you want or need?" I challenged. She raised her hand to keep me from continuing. I grabbed it gently determined to finish my thought. "If we decide to continue with this, we are going to learn things about one another and, as exciting as that will be, you may also learn things that you don't like. Please, no matter what, just protect yourself, ok?"

"Do you want this to continue?" she tested. Her brow had furrowed. "If you have doubts, or if this is just about the sex, please just be honest with me now."

"I do want this continue. More than anything. And, its not just about sex for me. I love you and just don't want to hurt you," I offered.

She didn't say another word, but leaned in and kissed me softly. She pulled away slightly letting our eyes dance across one another's faces. I pulled her back to me and kissed her passionately. She melted in my arms.

Blood rushed below my belt and my hands began to wander. I felt for her leg with my right hand and, when I found it, I slid it up her thigh. Her stockings were slick to the touch but they came to an end right before her hip. I continued tracing the strap of her garter until I found skin. It was warm and soft. She moaned as we kissed.

I cupped her breast with my left hand and began rolling her nipple between my thumb and forefinger as I kissed an bit her neck. Her breathing and gooseflesh hinted to her excitement. I was trembling and ravenous. I pulled her up from the bleachers and walked her backwards as we continued to kiss. Her course was interrupted by the chain-linked fence of the baseball field's back stop. I pressed her against it and raised her leg, guiding her to wrap it around me.

My left hand slid down her body to the hem of her skirt. I raised it slowly and then dove my hand into her panties. My fingers were cold. She let out a gasp. Her juices were already flowing. I traced my finger around her pronounced clit, pressing her shoulders into the backstop, looking her hungrily in the eyes as I did. She began to shutter and her knees buckled slightly. I could tell I was making her cum. Before she could finish I slid two of my fingers inside of her. I curled them back toward me tickling her spot with each motion. "Fuck!" she cried with a guttural moan.

Her cunt started to clinch. My fingers started making a sloshing sound as they slid in and out of her. I kept it up for her for as long as she could stand and by then I was bursting. "I need you, Amy," I said desperately.

"Take me! Fuck me! Please!" she panted.

I spun her around and placed her hands on the chain-link above her head. She gripped it tightly and stuck her ass out. I moved in behind her as I unbuttoned my trousers. I pulled them down slightly, flipped her skirt up and pulled out my cock. Wrenching her thong to one side I could see the tips of her wet pussy lips hanging down. I slammed into her, grabbing her waist with one hand and her shoulder with the other.

"Yes!" she screamed as our flesh slapped.

She started to cum almost instantly. "Fuck me! Fuck me harder!" she begged.

I let go of her shoulder, grabbed a hand full of her hair, and pulled it back toward me sharply. Her legs began to quiver. Droplets of her cum rained onto the sand beneath our feet. She looked over her shoulder and through gritted teeth commanded, "I want to feel it! I want to feel you cum in my pussy again! Fill me!"

That was all I needed to hear. Three more thrusts and my cock began to pulse. "I'm cumming!" I growled.

I emptied into her. She watched me as I finished, but she wasn't done. Pushing me back, she turned to face me as I slid out of her. Falling to her knees she took my softening member into her mouth and sucked me clean. My eyes rolled up into my head having never felt anything so divine.

We held hands back to the car and said as little to one another as possible for the rest of the afternoon at the office. This saddened me. I missed hearing her laugh during the day.

Alone, once again, that evening I gave Amy a call. We shared about our days and then I told her I missed her. I really did. I hadn't missed someone like that in a very long time. "I miss you too," she confessed.

"Would you like to know how much?" she probed.

"How much?" I asked with a grin.

"So much that I am touching myself right now thinking of this afternoon and wanting more," she purred.

"Oh really?" I asked mischievously.

"Really," she answered. I could hear the smile on her face.

"Are you free for lunch again tomorrow?" I asked.

She said, "Most definitely." And with that, I took my cock into my hand and listened to her make herself cum.