 Italic text represents personal thoughts 

*****Author's Note***** 

This story is a part of a 6 chapter series. Although the chapter could stand alone, it is recommended to read the previous chapter in order to get a fuller meaning of the story. 

Once again, thanks and love go out to findingmyvoice for her excellent editing skills and descriptive suggestions. Thank you fidingmyvoice. 

************************ 

Shane tromped downstairs to the kitchen. His mother had prepared steak, medium rare of course, potatoes, and a heaping pile of sugar snap peas. He knew that his mom enjoyed cooking as she often remarked how she felt being able to get to a man's heart was through his stomach. 

Shane's dad excused himself from the table, saying he was going to the shed to get the hedge trimmers, to do some yard work before it started to get dark. His mom sat across from him and stared while he finished his last helping of veggies. 

"Why are you staring at me?" 

"I'm just happy that my baby boy has come home for a visit. You know how pleasing it is for me to take care of you." Maintaining and even tone she said, "I just can't get over how grown up you have become and I truly want you to be happy. Finding the right woman to manage your wants and needs can be daunting, but you're 38 years old. If you ever want to have children you need to start thinking..." 

"I told you mom," Shane interrupted, "when and IF I am ready to go down that path you will be the first to know. I really don't want to discuss it anymore." He quickly realized that he had raised his voice with irritation. "I'm sorry mom. It's just that you do this all the time and it gets frustrating." 

"I'm the one that should be sorry. I know I push you a lot about the subject. I just want you to be happy." 

"I am happy. I have a great education, a great job, and nice home. I am perfectly content living the bachelor lifestyle." 

"I can't promise anything, but I will try my hardest to drop the subject at least for the rest of your visit." 

"Thanks mom. Let me help you with the dishes." 

Gathering up the dirty dishes, Shane placed them on the counter by the sink. His mother insisted on doing dishes by hand even though Shane had bought them a dish washer just a few years ago. Shane took his place, ready to rinse and dry as his mother washed. He recalled the time he and Jolene were at Monica's house doing dishes much the same as he was now with his mom. Monica he thought, letting out a sigh. 

"What's wrong dear?" 

"Oh, nothing. Being home makes me think of some things from the past." 

"I'm glad you are thinking about the past and your time growing up here. Does this mean you will be going to your reunion?" 

"Let's not go that far. I still haven't made up my mind about that." 

After the dishes were finished, Shane went to the living room to relax and watch some TV. As he flipped through the channels his mind wandered. 

Monica had been extremely feisty that day in the kitchen while Shane and Jolene cleaned up. Shane's cousin had announced to her that he was going to be moving on campus for college. He was going to be going to school over 600 miles away from home. This meant that he and Monica would not be able to see each other often. Reluctantly, they both agreed that it would be best just to part ways. Although Monica made that decision mutually with Will, she clearly showed she was not happy about the idea. 

Jolene raised her eyebrows toward Shane without saying a word. He understood immediately what she was trying to communicate. Someone's being bitchy! He let out a little chuckle after Monica walked out of the room. He felt bad for Monica. Anyone could tell she loved Will. She even had their wedding all planned out. Jolene and Shane found Monica sitting on the couch whimpering, small tears welling up in her eyes. 

Before either Jolene or Shane could comfort her, she balled her face up in anger and starting ripping up the scrapbook lying on the coffee table in front of her. Jolene put her hand on Shane's chest, indicating that maybe they should go back to the kitchen for a bit. While Shane sipped his iced tea, he heard Monica start to sob uncontrollably. Jolene met his eyes with a questioning look. "What are we going to do?" she mouthed. Shane replied with a simple shoulder shrug and screwed up face. 

Almost as quickly as the sobbing started, it stopped. Minutes later Monica bounced into the kitchen. "Let's go have some fun!" 

"Sure," said Shane. "What would you like to do?" 

"I really don't know, but I can't just sit around the house moping all day and night." 

"How about we go down to the bowling alley and take out some frustration on those pins?" Jolene grabbed Monica's hand and pulled her in for a big hug. 

The three of them picked out house bowling balls and went to their assigned lane. Jolene and Monica weren't very good, but Shane could tell they were having fun. Shane held back. He was pretty good at bowling, having achieved quite a few trophies from tournaments. He didn't want them to feel inferior. He purposely sent the ball into the gutter multiple times during the game and acted like he hit his leg or stumbled from his shoes sticking to the floor. 

Returning home, Monica was giggling and laughing. Jolene ran straight to the bathroom saying she was about to pee herself. When the door closed, Monica pressed into Shane, grabbed the back of his head and pressed a passionate kiss on him. Shane accepted the kiss, but quickly realized it was wrong. 

"Monica, although I appreciate the kiss, we can't do this. I really love Jolene. I couldn't do this to her. Listen, I know you are hurting right now, probably rebounding, but in the long run, it wouldn't be fair to you." 

"You're right, Shane. I'm sorry." Monica's cheeks flushed as she backed away, the embarrassment showing on her face. 

Jolene walked out of the restroom and saw that Monica wasn't the same giddy self she was when they had walked into the house. "What's wrong Monica?" 

"I kissed Shane just now. I'm so sorry. Please don't be mad at me, or him. It wasn't his fault. I made the advance," she pleaded. 

Shane held his breath and waited for the onslaught of drama, but to his surprise Jolene only hugged Monica tighter and told her everything would be okay. 

Shane went home that night and started getting ready for bed. He remembered the feel of Monica's lips on his. He was surprised the girls hadn't noticed he had been aroused after Monica kissed him. Her lips were full and warm. He could still feel their heat even after kissing Jolene multiple times afterward. Being a daydreamer, Shane sat on his bed and pictured Monica kneeling before him. Monica was beautiful. Her body was slim and she sported a set of 36DD its to go along with her soft, full lips. He reached over to the nightstand, pulled out his list, and added Monica to it. He wrote down in the asset column that she had nice tits and a beautiful mouth. In the last column, he noted that he wanted to get a blow job from her and fuck her tits. 

Shane reviewed the half dozen names on it; only one name had been crossed off. Then, he folded the list and returned it to the drawer. Visions of Monica consumed him as he fell asleep, holding his raging hard-on. 

Two weeks after the kissing incident, Jolene's and Monica's families decided to move out of state. Shane was heartbroken. Jolene had been the love of his life, and now she was going to be gone. He suddenly knew exactly what Monica had felt when Will told her he was moving. It was another first for Shane. Heartbreak was not one the firsts he wanted to partake in, but it happened and Shane had to make the best of it. Monica and Jolene told Shane not to worry, they would be back to visit. 

Over the next couple of years, Shane had started working out and building muscle. He wanted to be built, but not like a body builder. He wanted toned muscle with a lot of definition, but did not want to look like a freak. He had not seen or heard from Jolene or Monica since that day at Monica's house. 

Shane was a smart kid and was able to graduate from college in just three years. At the age of 21, he managed to get his bachelors and already had a job lined up about 200 miles from home at a software development firm. Since the time Jolene left, he managed to date a few girls here and there. However, Jolene was the only girl he had ever slept with. He had reached second and third base with some of the girls, but Jolene was his only homerun. 

After his graduation ceremony, Shane returned to his parent's home. The plan was for him to live with them until he found a place near his new job. 

He had just turned 21, the week before graduation, and had not yet had his first official drink. Shane decided to go out for the night. Shane had drunk plenty of times before, but never in a bar. He didn't have a car while in college, and he was very short on funds, so he borrowed his dad's 1978 Regal for the night. 

"Don't be too late dear. You know I worry about you when it gets late and I haven't heard from you. Be especially careful if you're going to be drinking. If you need a ride call us." 

"I'll call you later to let you know when I will be getting home mom. Don't worry, and don't wait up for me." Shane knew this last statement would be ignored. His mother always stayed up, waiting for him to come home safely. 

Cruising around town, Shane finally stopped at the bowling alley. It was the local hangout. He walked in and got about three steps past the glass door, when he was rushed by a smiling, blonde-haired girl. He couldn't help but watch her bosom as it bounced up and down. He tried to keep his balance when the girl jumped into his arms and wrapped her legs around his waist. Shane pulled his head back in order to look at the face of the ecstatic girl. 

As if rehearsed, he excitedly asked, "Jolene?!" at the same moment she screamed "Shane!" It was a surprise to see her after all of these years. She had developed quite well. 

"I missed you sooo much Shane!" He hugged her so tight he thought he might crush her pretty form like he crushed soda cans after he had emptied them. 

"What are you doing here? Don't get me wrong. I'm happy to see you! I'm just confused after all of these years." 

"Well, I decided that since I was 21, had my own car, and freedom to do what I wanted, I would come see you. I called your house and your mom said you had gone out to celebrate your twenty-first birthday and your graduation. I knew you would eventually end up here, since this is where everyone goes." 

Shane was still holding Jolene in the air, when his eyes were suddenly covered by a pair of hands. 

"Guess who?" Monica turned his head and gave him a quick peck on the lips. She tried to hug him, but only managed to get her arm around one of his shoulders due to Jolene's presence. 

"Hey Monica. Did you come with Jolene?" 

"Yeah, her dad didn't want her traveling alone." 

"It's great to see you two! I thought I would be here surrounded by a bunch of idiots, and instead I have the two hottest girls hanging on me." Shane noticed a couple of the other girls he had dated glaring at Jolene and Monica. 

Jolene finally jumped down to the floor. They took a seat at one of the booths sitting inside the bar and grill portion of the establishment. Jolene slid in first, followed by Shane. He thought that Monica would sit across them, but instead she followed suit until all three of them were in one seat. Shane could feel them pushing into him like a vice. He was being squeezed tightly. It felt good. 

The waitress approached the table asking what they wanted, pretending she cared about her newest customers. Shane ordered a burger and fries with a draft beer. Jolene and Monica put in an order of fries to share, and a beer for each of them. It seemed like hours passed as they talked about everything that had happened over the last few years. Jolene was going to graduate, with honors, from college with a business degree. Monica said she was working as an administrative assistant for a really nice VP of a technology consulting firm. Will had been completely out of the picture since that summer three years ago. They hadn't even spoken since then. 

Jolene said that she needed to get to her friend's house before it got too late and would catch up him in the morning. "We have a lot of things to make up for," she whispered in his ear then gave him a long passionate kiss. 

"Are you able to give me a ride to my brother's house?" Monica put on a sad puppy dog face. 

"Of course," he replied enthusiastically. 

Monica's brother lived just outside of town. He ran the little motel located on the main highway about 15 miles away. Shane put the car in gear and headed toward the motel. 

Monica startled him as she slid over to be next to him on the bench seat. She placed her hand on his thigh. Blood started to rush through him as he looked down to see her cleavage presenting itself. He had noticed it earlier, but being alone, with her hand on him, he became more aware of the deep valley 

"Pull off up here. I want to see the lake real quick. I'll be leaving tomorrow morning and won't have time to see if anything has changed." 

Shane pulled onto the dirt road, which led to the lake, avoiding as many bumps and pot-holes as he could. He watched Monica's tits sway back and forth with each of the bumps he couldn't avoid. He pulled up to the parking area. It was deserted and they were the only ones on this side of the lake. 

Monica firmly squeezed his leg and closed in on him. Her mouth parted as her lips touched his. Shane responded to the inviting gesture, opening his mouth to accept her advance. Her tongue traced the line of his lips before plunging into his mouth, searching for his. Her warm, full lips brought back the memory of her previous kiss in her kitchen. Oh my God. This feels just as good as I remember. Shane's tongue met hers, and began fighting to take possession of the space created between them. Monica cheated, nibbling his tongue with her teeth. Shane regained ground by latching onto her upper lip. 

Shane turned his body into hers, pulling her head in closer with his strong hands, holding her for a minute before easing up. Monica's hand had been moving slowly up his leg until it came to rest on Shane's throbbing cock. She pressed firmly with her palm, trying to cover as much of it as possible. She pushed forcefully back into him and propelled her tongue as far as it could go. Shane sucked on her tongue as he slowly backed off, dropping to her neck. He kissed her smooth skin softly. 

Monica exhaled when his lips touched her neck. Shane could tell it tickled her. Shane felt her body shiver as he tasted the small goose bumps that had erupted over her neck and throat. Her hand began to massage his crotch through his snug jeans, which were made even tighter by his engorged member. Monica expressed her sudden remembrance of his big cock with an "Oooo!" She snickered. 

Shane continued along the trail that he imagined ran from her neck to her breasts. Who needs GPS when you can plainly see the mountainous destination before you? Shane quickened his pace until he rested at the top of her chest. He planted a kiss at the vale entrance, which stretched to touch both of her soft breasts. 

Monica urgently searched for the button on his pants. When she found it, she vigorously undid his jeans, then reached down into his underwear. She let out a soft moan as her hand connected to the hot skin. Shane buried his face further into her cleavage. With the same ferocity Monica opened his fly, he pulled her shirt up and over her head. His hands immediately cupped her tits over her bra, and he eagerly plunged his face between them. He nearly smothered himself. 

Monica grabbed the back of his head and pulled hard, which made Shane struggle for air. She started to lie back. Shane watched her sink as he stripped his shirt off and grasped her waist. He clutched the edge of her yoga pants, which he quickly found, and pulled savagely until they slipped off her feet. He didn't have to worry about removing any panties, because she wasn't wearing any. Shane fought, uncomfortably contorting himself, to remove his pants. Monica released her heavy breasts from her bra and threw it on the floorboard. 

Naked, heated, and full of animal lust they looked at each other. She looked absolutely stunning. Her smile widened as she looked between his legs to see his 8 and one-half-inch manhood. Licking her lips she held her arms outstretched, begging for him to come closer. 

Shane wanted to ravage her. Her mouth opened to form a perfect O as he lowered his head between her legs. As he inhaled her tantalizing aroma, memories of Jolene's sweet scent invaded his thoughts. Monica's pussy smelled almost the same as Jolene's. Does it taste as good? 

She was so wet he could see the glistening trail that ran down her slit toward the seat. Shane took one swipe with his tongue to confirm that she did taste just as good as Jolene. "Mmmmm," Monica moaned while she arched her back. 

Shane slowly inserted a finger into her, but found very little resistance due to the amount of lubrication she was producing. Deciding to place two fingers inside of her, he began to stroke them in and out. He touched his tongue to her clit. Shane circled her clit, pushed hard as he wagged his tongue one way then the next, and repeated the process. With every swipe of his tongue, Monica's body jolted. "Oh GOD!! Right there! Don't stop!" He had already intended to not stop licking her until she showered his face with her cum. Shane added another finger, then the fourth. 

Monica bucked hard against his palm with his fingers shoved deep inside of her. She stopped for a moment and commanded, "Fuck me with your fingers faster and harder! Come on! Fuck my pussy with those fingers!" Speeding up his plunging in and out of her, he was unable to maintain the contact his mouth had on her clit. He sat up, and Monica reached down to her clit to rub and smack it. "Oh! OH! MMMMMMmmmm," she responded, between heavy breathing and short fast pants. 

Shane placed his tongue on her clit and sucked hard. Her body arched, bent, and bucked under his pleasurable tongue. Monica placed her hands above her head, solidly made contact with the car door, enabling her to push into Shane's fingers with more power. She screamed, "OH! YES! YES! YES!YES! OH MY FUCKING GOD! I'm cumming Shane! I'm cuuummming!!" 

Shocked when all of a sudden Monica's cunt flooded his mouth, face, and chin with a geyser of her cum; Shane sat with his mouth agape. She had squirted so much that he and the seat were covered. 

As Monica took heavy breaths, her chest raised and lowered with great effort. Her hand reached down between her legs to run her finger up and down her slit. She collected as much of her own juices as she could. She continued rubbing while sliding her hand around his cock. While she stroked him back and forth, she lifted her soaked finger to her lips, traced along the soft rosy perimeter, and then sunk it into her mouth; sucking her sweet cum. 

Shane scooted forward. His cock had become even harder as he watched her suck and lick her finger. He placed the head on her clit and pushed his cock forward. He ran the underside of his member's full length across her clit. Monica gasped to catch her breath. His cock ran back down her clit and he entered. She made no attempt to stop him as he pushed slowly. Monica relaxed and received his cock inch by inch until it found her cervix. 

He was on the verge of cumming, but Shane controlled it. He pulled out slowly until only the tip remained inside of her. He waited a few seconds before he started rotating his hips and then fully thrust into her. Monica's eyes rolled into the back of her head as she brought her knees up toward her shoulders. She took all of Shane's cock as deep as she could. 
