 *****Author's Note***** 

This is part 5 of a 6 part series. Although the chapter can stand on its own, it is recommended to read chapters 1-4 in order to get the full sense of the meaning behind the list. 

I want to thank findingmyvoice for editing, suggesting, and most of all not using the safe word...yet. 

*********************** 

Shane woke; mouth dry; sweat sticking to his body. For the past three nights he was having nightmares, but could not remember them in the morning. He only had the terrible feeling associated with the unknown terrors of his dreams. The nights he did get rest usually left him feeling rundown and empty. 

Maybe it's just all of the long hours I've been working, he thought. He had been working nearly day and night for two months straight on a project, which required him to travel frequently. 

At least this bed isn't hard as a rock, like the last one, he reflected. The administrative assistant in his office had made the travel arrangements without consulting him. 

After stretching his arms and legs, he took a shower and prepared himself. Today, he had to meet with the business manager of a software development firm. He wasn't looking forward to it. It would most likely be another meeting of no one being able to make a decision, resulting in an unsigned contract. 

The building was nice. High glass windows veiled the front, with modern metallic art hanging in the lobby for all to see. "I'm here for the NewTech Solutions meeting," he addressed the receptionist. 

"Your name?" she inquired, giving him a once over. 

"Shane O'Malley." 

The receptionist; June, according to her nameplate; flatly said, "Take the elevator to level 6. Then take the first right. The conference room is straight ahead. Here's your visitor's badge, please wear it at all times. Have a great day." 

He reached the conference room doors and paused. This was his last stop before going back to his office. He needed this contract, or the project would be delayed. He shook himself out, relieving his stress, and opened the door. 

Shane took his place at the elongated table, facing the window looking out across a sea of cubicles. He watched as employees busied themselves; walking from one cube to the next. 

What the hell!? Shane's jaw visibly dropped. Walking toward the conference room, he saw a leggy blonde and busty brunette: Jolene and Monica. He was about to raise his hand to wave, when Jolene shook her head and put a finger to her lips. 

"I know, shockingly beautiful, aren't they?" the senior vice president asked. 

Shane only nodded as Jolene entered the conference room with Monica in tow. "Shane, I want you to meet my business manager, Jolene, and my administrative assistant, Monica," he said while extending his arm toward the girls. 

Shane stood as Jolene stretched her hand out; offering a handshake. "Pleased to meet you," she said; winking. 

Monica offered her hand as well, nodding to acknowledge him. 

Shane had trouble pretending not to know Jolene and Monica. Knowing them made the meeting go by quickly, and Shane got all of the answers he needed. 

"Thank you for taking time to meet with me," Shane said to the senior VP; shaking his hand. 

"Jolene, can you handle the contract signing? I have another meeting to get to. Monica can help out if you need her to." 

"Sure Mr. Barnes. Monica and I will take care of everything." 

"Great! Have a safe trip home Shane," Mr. Barnes said halfheartedly. 

After Mr. Barnes left the room, they all let out an audible sigh. "Why didn't you two tell me you worked here?" 

"We weren't sure how Mr. Barnes would react, so we kept quiet about it. He doesn't like to mix business with pleasure," Monica stated. 

"However, we do mix business with pleasure. Meet us at Malone's downtown at seven. We'll have a few drinks, catch up, and get these documents signed," Jolene said enthusiastically. 

Shane returned to the hotel. It had been seventeen years since he had seen them, and two months ago he was reminded of them when he found the list. The list was tucked safely in his nightstand drawer back home, but he knew there was only one thing left to cross off; a threesome with Jolene and Monica. 

He so desperately wanted to persuade them, but he had determined the list must be completed naturally. It's not a conquest list, he reminded himself. 

He had a couple of hours to kill before he was to meet with them, so he tried calling Charlene again. He had not had a chance to talk to her the day he left town. The last he knew, she went to see her mother in the hospital. He left numerous messages on her voicemail and also with her receptionist. Her receptionist would only say she was out of town for an undetermined amount of time. 

He turned on the TV, hoping to relieve himself of the pit growing in his stomach. He was worried about her. He flipped through the channels and saw one horrible news story after another, which didn't put him at ease. At least the receptionist had some kind of contact with her. He set the alarm clock on his phone, and drifted to sleep. 

Shane punched "Malone's" into his GPS and started driving, listening to the turn by turn directions. He arrived promptly at seven, and walked inside. Malone's was an Irish pub, complete with Gaelic music and Guinness on tap. 

As he paid his cover charge, he spotted the girls sitting at the bar. He watched as two guys hit on them. As soon as they left with their heads down, two more appeared. 

Shane noticed one gentleman near the door watching them intently. "What's up with those two?" Shane asked. 

"Those two girls have been here for about an hour and I think every man in here has tried to hook up with them. I imagine those two guys that walked up to them now will strike out as well," the man said confidently. 

"Well, since everyone else has tried I might as well too, right?" 

"Knock yourself out. Those two aren't leaving with anyone." 

Shane moved between the two men who had approached Jolene and Monica when he came in the door. "Hey! Watch it!" one of them demanded. He ignored the man and put his arms around Jolene and Monica. 

"You ladies interested in a threesome?" he asked loud enough for the two men to hear him; half serious. 

He heard a snicker behind him. Jolene and Monica both looked up at him, sipping from their Long Island Iced Teas. Both women gave Shane a seductive look; their chins were dipped down as they eyed him. 

Jolene looked away momentarily; taking the straw out of her drink. She looked back at Shane, biting the end of the straw teasingly. Her hand moved to his chest. She pulled the straw from her mouth asking, "Can we videotape it?" 

"That sounds fun!" Monica exclaimed, as she put her hand on the other side of his chest. The two men huffed and retreated. 

They all laughed as Monica slid over one seat, allowing Shane to sit between them. After Shane sat down, the girls each scooted their seats closer to him, spooning him. 

Shane woke with a start; another nightmare. His head hurt terribly. Where am I? He soon realized he was at Jolene's. Shane was naked and could feel the cool satin sheets as he stirred. The house was quiet. An alarm clock showed it was 11:27am. What happened last night? 

As he moved to get off the bed, his hand rest on a piece of paper. Jolene had left him a note along with an SD card. Shane, My keys are on the dresser. You can take my car to pick yours up at Malone's. We left a little present for you. Please wait until you get home to see what's on it. Lots of Love, Jo and Monica XOXO. 

Shane was confused; and curious as to what was on the card. He found his clothing scattered about the room, and got dressed. 

The anticipation of looking at the SD card made the drive home seem much faster, as he tried to imagine what was on it. Leaving his bags in the car, Shane went straight to his laptop and popped the SD card in. Only one file was on the card; a movie clip. Removing the card he turned on his large screen TV, and slid the card into the media center. 

The movie flashed on immediately with Monica and Jolene standing at the foot of the bed. The each removed their clothing. Monica wore a pair of emerald green panties, stockings, a black lace garter, and green stiletto heels. Jolene was dressed in a black silky thong and a pair of platform heels with silver metal spikes to accentuate her long, creamy legs. 

Shane watched the images move across the screen. His cock started to stiffen as he watched Jolene and Monica devour each other's tongues. He watched as Jolene massaged Monica's 36DD tits, encased in emerald green and black lace. 

Shane rubbed his cock while watching Jolene move away from the camera. He focused on her extended calves on the screen, the way her heels elongated her shapely legs. He remembered the first time he touched her thighs with his lips. The phantom smell of ripened raspberries filled his nostrils. 

He watched Monica as she moved to the bed and sat next to Shane who was laying down with his legs hanging over the edge. The camera zoomed in so only the bed was viewable. Jolene came into the picture and blew a kiss at the camera. 

Jolene sat on the other side of Shane and the two of them started to rub his legs. Monica leaned over to Jolene; parting her lips as Jolene did the same. They kissed; still rubbing his legs, creeping further toward his groin. 

Jolene's breasts were barely contained by her teal pushup bra, highlighting the small chasm between them. She reached out and cupped Monica's tits, rubbing her thumbs over Monica's nipples through the satin and lace material. Monica started to undo Shane's belt buckle as Jolene freed Monica's right breast from its confines and then took her nipple into her mouth. Jolene sucked and licked, eyeing the camera as Monica continued to undo Shane's pants. 

Each of them tugged on the sides of his jeans until they slid off of his feet, Monica tossed them aside as Jolene's hand ran across Shane's inner thigh. Monica joined Jolene as they grasped the base of his semi-hard cock and lifted it to be seen by the camera. 

Shane's face came into view as he raised his head to watch the girls fondle him. Jolene stroked his cock while Monica cupped his balls, lightly massaging them. Shane's cock quickly came to full attention. While Jolene continued to stroke him slowly, Monica took one of his balls into her mouth and sucked on it. 

Monica knelt between Shane's legs as Jolene retrieved the camera. Jolene focused on Monica's face peering over Shane's cock. Monica smiled before running her cherry red lips along the underside of his cock from top to bottom. Her tongue meandered across the top of his balls before engulfing one of them. She sucked hard and allowed it to slip from her mouth. Jolene's hand stretched out to stroke him while Monica continued her oral exploration. 

While sitting on the couch, watching the images splayed out on the big screen, Shane felt the uncomfortable restraint his pants caused on his swollen member. He removed his pants, grabbed a box of tissue from the end table, and sat back down on the couch. He clutched his hard-on and slowly jacked off when he saw Monica's lips become the focus on the screen. 

Monica's lips retraced the path they used to reach the bottom of his shaft. When she pivoted the top, she slipped her upper lip over the head and sucked on the tip. Shane heard himself moan on the video. 

The camera moved closer to show the droplets of saliva escaping the corner of Monica's mouth as they ran down his shaft. She released him, caught a drop of his pre-cum on her bottom lip, and extended it into a long thin strand as she raised her head slowly with her lips parted. 

Shane mimicked the scene as his hand reached the top of his cock where he used his forefinger in substitution of Monica's lip. He imagined how good Monica's mouth felt as he recalled their escapade in the car seventeen years ago. 

Monica descended her mouth on his cock taking him further. Her lips stretched to accommodate his girth. She pulled her head back up. Her lipstick made a visible ring around his cock to indicate how far she took him in her mouth. A gob of spit dropped from her lips to coat the head of his cock before she went down on him again. She forced the oral lubricant along the length of his rod where she left another stain of lipstick at the base. 

Monica's head started to bob. As her pace quickened, the camera followed along Shane's stomach and chest to show the pleasurable smile on his face. After only a second, the camera moved to focus on Jolene's hand, which was placed inside her panties. She rubbed and played with her pussy. 

Shane could almost feel the silky material against his tongue as he recalled the first time he tested the barrier of her panties so long ago. The illustrious scent of her sex over-powered him. He stroked his cock faster as he continued to watch the scene before him. 

The camera moved back to Monica who was now working his cock with her hand as she licked and sucked the tip. Monica paused and Jolene handed her the camera. Jolene leaned back on the bed and removed her panties and flung them past Monica. She looked at the camera and positioned herself over Shane's face with her feet each side of his shoulders. Jolene placed a hand on his chest as she lowered herself down to squat over Shane's mouth. Shane's hands followed the outskirts of her legs until they were positioned on her waist. Jolene straightened to balance herself as Monica zoomed in on her smooth mound. 

Shane watched intently as Jolene brushed his lips with her pussy. He noticed something different than the last time he felt it. A small gold ring decorated her clitoral hood. 

Shane's tongue emerged from his mouth to lap at her glistening hole as Jolene spread her pussy lips to allow him further access. Monica moved in closer. She zoomed in on his tongue as it touched the ring, and traveled down Jolene's slit, disappearing deep inside of her. Shane thrust his tongue in and out of Jolene. "Mmmm. That feels good," she said. 

As Shane continued to fuck her with his tongue, Monica filmed her own finger as it played with Jolene's piercing, applying pressure to her clit. Shane's tongue collided with Jolene's clit and trapped it against Monica's finger. She pressed Jolene's clit against Shane's tongue while he flicked at it. He moved his tongue back down her slit to fuck her with it once more. 

Monica backed up to show Jolene's whole body on the screen. Jolene removed her bra while Shane continued to lick and suck on her. She held her pussy open for him with one hand as she pinched and pulled on her nipple. Her legs shook. She adjusted herself so her knees were on the bed, straddling Shane's face. 

Jolene raised a finger to her mouth, and bit it as she tipped her head, and closed her eyes. She removed her finger and ran her nail down her neck while she bit her lower lip. She dipped her head down and rolled it back. Her finger drew a line between her breasts, over her naval, and down to her pussy. With both hands she spread her lips for Shane and bucked her hips. 

Monica passed the camera to Jolene. She moved between Shane's legs and took him in her mouth all the way to the base, and slowly sucked her way to the tip. She made another dive, quickly. "Mmmm," she hummed. 

The camera became unsteady and Jolene could be heard panting behind it. Monica looked into the camera, and flashed her green eyes as she continued to plummet and climb his cock with her mouth. She quickened her pace as she allowed Shane's shaft to glide between her full lips. 

Shane proceeded to stroke himself as he imagined Monica kneeling before him. He squeezed his cock harder; keeping time with Monica's speed on the screen. 

Monica grabbed his cock and released him from her mouth. She ran her tongue down the shaft as she pointed his cock toward the camera. 

The scene changed all of a sudden. Another camera had been recording. The view displayed now was from the side of the bed. Jolene held a camera as she lowered her face down to Shane's cock, which Monica presented to her. Shane had his face buried between her legs and his hands spread her ass cheeks apart. Jolene placed the camera on the bed and slipped the head of his cock into her mouth with Monica's guidance. Monica sucked on his balls as Jolene slowly stuffed more of him into her small mouth. 

Shane watched his cock stretch Jolene's lips. He remembered the trouble she had the first time she sucked him. Monica's saliva sparkled on his shaft and made Jolene's effort to engulf him appear easier as she took him little by little. With every move back to the tip, Shane could see her cheeks hollow. 

Jolene's tits rested on Shane's ripped abdomen and she rocked back and forth on his mouth. Monica relocated herself near Shane's head as Jolene took control of his cock. She sucked him all the way in while she rocked forward, and then slid her mouth back to the tip while rocking backward over Shane. Monica brought her mouth to Jolene's ass and slithered her tongue out into the crevice. 

Jolene churned her hips and freed his cock from the vacuum hold her mouth had on him. She threw her head back and stroked Shane as he and Monica worked her ass and pussy with their tongues. Jolene's pointed tongue licked at the pre-cum pooled at the tip of his cock. 

Jolene slid off of Shane's face and turned herself around as Monica kissed him. Their tongues danced and Monica licked Jolene's juices from his chin. Jolene merged her tongue into the whirl their tongues created. The three tongues tangled and unraveled as Jolene rubbed her pussy along the length of his shaft. She teased him as she permitted the head of his swollen cock to settle at the opening of her sex and then slid back down the underside of his cock. 

Monica placed herself over Shane as Jolene sat up. Jolene ground on top of him and Monica lowered her pussy to Shane's opened mouth. Jolene and Monica both looked at the camera and winked. Monica seized Jolene's head and pulled her close. Jolene clutched Monica's hair and jerked her head back. Jolene's mouth dominated Monica as they passionately kissed. 

Shane felt tightness in his groin as he observed the stage Jolene and Monica commanded on his TV. Engrossed in the activity before him, he didn't realize how close he was to cumming. Shane slowed his strokes and the pressure he applied to his engorged cock. 

When Jolene and Monica separated their lips, Monica retrieved the camera from the bed. Jolene raised her hips and Monica pointed the camera to Shane's cock coated in Jolene's lubrication. 

Shane's cock came into focus as the view changed to the camera Monica held. Monica's hand extended and pushed Shane's cock straight in the air. She steered him as Jolene eased her way down. Shane's cock settled into her slit and Monica began to pump him slowly while Jolene continued her descent over the head. Monica kneaded Jolene's clit between her thumb and forefinger. She maintained focus on Shane's thick rod as Jolene took him into her deeper. Her pussy expanded to accommodate the width of his cock. 

Jolene's fingers split around his cock and milked him as she revolved her hips. Monica pulled back to capture Jolene's face. Her head rose slightly and her eyes closed. Pleasure washed over her face as she parted her mouth and rolled her tongue across her pink upper lip. 

Monica centered Jolene in the viewfinder as she rode up and down. One of her hands rubbed her clit while the other continued to slide over his shaft as it vanished inside her and then materialized when she lifted herself up. Jolene let her hands explore her own body as she ran her fingertips along her stomach and up to her breasts where she massaged them before she circled her nipples. She pinched and tugged on them. Jolene slid her hands on each side of her neck and extended her elbows out away from her while she arched her back. She clasped her hands together behind her, turned her head to one side, and moaned. Her hands fell quickly to Shane's abs as she let out a gasp. 
