 "So what time will you be back?" I called out. I smiled as I watched my wife move around the front of the house in her last second preparations before going out. Her lovely figure captured in an elegant silk blouse and knee length skirt, with a pair of pumps accentuating her toned calves. I watched her toss her long, thick, auburn hair as she put on the last touch to her ensemble, a pair of stylish earrings.

Jacqui smiled and shook her head, "I don't know Brock. It could be late, it depends who shows up. I'll be home as soon as I can. You'll be alright while I'm gone?"

"You kidding? State is playing on the tube tonight. I'll be all right. Go have your fun, and I'll see you when you get home. Love you, babe."

She smiled warmly at me as she gathered her jacket, bade me goodbye, and headed outside to the waiting cab. Jacqui and I had been married for about five years, and I trusted her implicitly. She and a few friends and work colleagues went out for drinks every so often on a Saturday night, a chance for the girls to get out and terrorize the town, as I liked to term it. This evening it was more than all right for Jacqui to get out and cut loose, as my favorite college football team was playing an evening game on national television. I had enough beer and chips to get me through the evening. 

I thought of my beautiful bride for more than a few moments after she had gone, wondering how late she would be. If she went out for just a coffee with the girls, it would turn into an early night, they'd all gossip and gab about whatever, and she'd come home to me around eleven or twelve o'clock. If she and her friends went out for drinks, then she'd probably end up dancing and drinking until last call, and that could be fun. I smiled, remembering the last time she came home drunk following a Saturday night out, how I had awoken to a wonderful, sloppy blowjob, and followed by some of the most mind-blowing sex I had ever experienced. I turned my attention back to the game, with a final thought of my wife, hoping she'd be in some intoxicated state when she came home.

The game did not turn out to be as fantastic as I had hoped. State's opposition was very much overmatched, and by the middle of the third quarter, my team was up by 24 points, and in possession of the ball again after the other team had turned it over for the fifth time. I was starting to get a little bored, and went to the fridge to get my last beer. Opening the fridge, I grumbled a little as I realized I had miscounted and was actually out of refreshments, moreover, I had also eaten the last of the chips. Figuring I wouldn't miss anything in the game, I grabbed my car keys and headed outside to my car.

I hopped in the car and as I drove, I tuned in to the local all-sports station and listened to an interview with a pro football coach whose team was playing the next day. I became engrossed in the interview, and purposely lengthened my drive, going way out of my way just to hear the end of the interview. The hosts wrapped up the segment, and I returned my attention to my surroundings, noticing I was on the block where Jacqui went with her friends for coffee. I chuckled lightly to myself for the co-incidence and found a convenience store across from the coffee shop, and parked in front of it. Scanning the street to see if I could see my wife or her friends and finding nothing, I entered the store, picked out a six-pack of my brand of beer and a replacement bag of chips, and headed to the counter to pay. As the clerk rang through my purchase, I looked outside the storefront window to see Jacqui and one friend whose name I didn't know come out of the café. I hurriedly paid for my purchase, and threw my beer and chips into the car before turning to see the ladies start walking down the street.

I was about to call out to them and offer them a lift, when I saw what appeared to be the blonde woman's fingers curl around my wife's breast. I froze, wondering if this was just some kind of naughty joke, and at first I was put at ease as Jacqui laughed loudly, but then she covered the strange woman's hand on her breast with her own hand, turned, and from where I was standing across the street, appeared to french kiss the blonde. In absolute shock, I ducked behind the car, and watched my wife and this woman kiss passionately in the street. My cock stiffened at the sight, almost achieving full hardness, quite aroused at the girl-girl action in font of me. The street was nearly deserted, but Jacqui looked around nervously, grabbed the woman's hand and lead her into a nearby, dimly lit alley. Making up my mind to follow, I carefully tailed them, staying in the shadows.

My beautiful, dark-haired wife leaned back against the brick wall of the alley, a single light from a nearby doorway illuminating them. The light was strong enough that I could easily see the blonde pin my wife against the wall, her mouth immediately going for her neck, first kissing her throat, then dragging her tongue along to the side of Jacqui's neck, and finally biting it, which I knew drove her wild. Jacqui turned and tilted her head in my direction causing me to pull back farther into the shadows, then relax as I realized she wouldn't be able to see me from where I stood. Jacqui moaned and rolled her head against the wall as the blonde pleasured her neck, and her fingers worked on the front of my wife's blouse, opening it slowly. Jacqui surprised me by pulling down the cups of her bra, and letting her breasts spill free. The blonde's hands immediately went to them, cupping and caressing them, softly rubbing them, and I watched as Jacqui's body instantly reacted to the attention from the blonde, guiding the strange woman's head to her breast, moaning loud enough for me to hear. The woman's tongue snaked out and licked along and around Jacqui's nipple, then sucked the nipple into her mouth, covering the darkened nub. Jacqui arched her back, pressing her breasts against the woman's mouth, her hands in the woman's hair as she sucked on her nipple.

Jacqui saw a couple of boxes beside her, and as she smiled down at the woman still ravaging her breast, raised her leg and planted her foot on the boxes, opening her legs for the blonde. Jacqui raised the hem of her skirt, showing her female lover she was panty-less, and exposing her bald pussy. I was taken aback as I saw this, realizing by Jacqui's choice of attire that this tryst was planned, that she knew she'd be meeting this blonde. It was now with a sharp pang of anger and depression with a strange mix of arousal that I watched the two women. I felt my brow furrow as the blonde's hand trailed down Jacqui's body, watched my wife's breathing halt as the hand moved lower, over the hitched up skirt and over the smooth hairless patch above her pussy. The woman's hand flipped over and she quickly and easily sunk two fingers deep inside my wife. Jacqui cried out and moaned, pressing herself back against the wall, her hips undulating as the blonde fingerfucked her, her palms flat against the wall, her moans turning into little whimpers as the fingers invaded her.

The pangs of anger turned into a cold blade in my chest as the blonde raised her head, and whispered things into my wife's ear. What they were, I couldn't hear, but Jacqui moaned and cried out as the strange woman talked dirty to her. I could hear Jacqui say, "Uh-huh… uh-huh, oh yes… please yes…" The woman knew exactly what to do with and to my wife, and this was definitely not the first time they were together. I could see the blonde's thumb start to rub Jacqui's clit as the fingers slid in and out of her, and I could see the blonde insert a third finger into her. Jacqui shuddered, her hips now wantonly humping the blonde's hand. Every whimper that came from her, normally so arousing to me, was pushing that cold knife deeper into my heart, an actual physical pain as I saw someone else doing things to my wife that I thought only I could. I leaned against the wall beside me, and felt a tear fall down my cheek as Jacqui first arched her back, then almost doubled over as she came on the blonde's fingers, a real guttural moan escaping her lips that I had never heard before, never made her make. 

The blonde withdrew her hand from my wife's snatch, and Jacqui quickly grabbed it and hungrily sucked her nectar from the blonde's fingers. She looked at the strange woman and with an aroused playful look, spun the blonde around, pressing her to the wall, facing her. She quickly dropped to her knees, hiking the blonde's skirt up and with a little giggle, buried her face in the woman's pussy, licking away, moaning happily, making the blonde's knees sag a little and push her snatch against my wife's face. The woman started riding Jacqui's mouth, and Jacqui looked up at her and attacked the woman's sex like a porn star, eating the woman out with almost an animalistic passion.

I looked at the blonde, able to really see her for the first time. She was very pretty, and while not as voluptuous as my wife, still had a very attractive figure. Her every movement was sensual and erotic, and had it not been my wife with her head between her legs, tearing my heart out piece by piece with every lick, then I would have been aroused enough to pull out my rod and jerk off to the sight before me. I let out a quiet sigh of disgust as the blonde played with her breast with one hand, holding my the back of wife's head in the other, fucking her face. I suppressed a small sob as the woman's breath caught for a moment, her orgasm building, and I turned and walked silently out of the alley as the blonde's screams echoed along the walls. I got quickly into my car and sped home. I don't remember the route I took, or how fast I drove. I just had to get home.

The beer didn't last too long. Six empty cans joined the ones already on the table as I polished off the lager quickly, hoping the beer would erase, or at least block what I had seen. It didn't, and I wandered around the house, finally going upstairs, and sat on the foot of the bed in silence. I waited there for another two hours, not moving, until finally hearing Jacqui's key in the lock.

She walked upstairs with a quizzical look on her face, but smiling. I looked at the smile with intense anger, but suppressed my rage. Before she could even say a word, I recounted everything I had seen, not giving her a chance to explain anything away, finishing with "… and God knows what else you've been doing for the past two hours." My voice was calm and even, which I could tell by the look in Jacqui's eyes was even more damning to her than shouting and yelling. I even recounted how I felt to her how I had cried watching her make love to the blonde, which made Jacqui try to hold me.

I stood up and moved away, my voice still calm as I looked at the floor saying, "Don't… fucking… touch me." My anger was threatening to boil over, and I didn't want let her see me lose it.

"Brock, I never meant for this to happen. Sabrina and I…"

"Sabrina," I cut her off, "She has a name... How long?" Jacqui hesitated, and at that point, I couldn't control my temper any longer. "HOW LONG, GOD DAMN IT!"

"Eight months." Jacqui said, so quietly I could only barely hear it.

"Eight months," I repeated, shaking my head. I held back another sob, and went to the linen closet, grabbing a spare pillow and blanket. I calmed myself again, and said, "I'm sleeping downstairs. If you know what's good for you, you won't follow me." I left her in the bedroom, not letting her say a word, and headed down to the living room. I headed for the couch, grabbing a bottle of bourbon on the way, and settled in for the night. I drank myself to unconsciousness, knowing I'd pay for it in the morning, and slept an unrestful, dreamless sleep.

I awoke sometime around noon to the sunlight coming in from the windows, and a pounding headache centered between my temples. I sat up, remembering why I was sleeping on the couch, and then seeing my wife sleeping, curled up uncomfortably in the armchair. I looked at her there, a whole range of emotions flooding through me. The love I felt for her from the day we met. The anger at seeing her make love to someone else. A touching sweetness at seeing her want to stay close to me. That cold knife back in my chest at remembering what she did the previous night.

Jacqui awoke quickly, and looked at me with a hesitant, pained expression. Nothing was said as I looked at her for a long moment without emotion on my face, then looked away from her, and silently got up and to the front hall. Grabbing my keys and slipping on a pair of shoes, I heard her come up behind me.

"Brock, please, let's talk about this…" Her hand touched my shoulder, and I shrugged it away as I left the house. "Brock, don't go… Please Brock… I'M SORRY!!!…" She screamed as I closed the door behind me. I got in the car and just drove.

I had no idea where I was going, I just drove looking for something to take my mind off my troubles. Ending up downtown, I drove past the local stadium, and saw the marquee advertising the afternoon baseball game. I shrugged, parked the car, bought a ticket way up in one of the nosebleed sections and sat all by myself in the upper deck, almost having the whole section to myself. I grabbed a beer and a hotdog from the aisle vendor, and sat alone, barely paying attention to the game, but for the first time since I saw Jacqui and her lover, I was starting to think things through rationally.

What bugged me so much? I had fantasized about Jacqui and other women before, picturing her in many different scenarios before with women not near as pretty as the blonde… Sabrina, I thought, now that I had a name to place to the face. Lord knows that lesbian porn turned me on like nothing else, and for a guy like myself, this was a dream come true. My gorgeous wife was willing to go down on another woman, and not only that, she seemed to truly love it. I had my ultimate fantasy, and yet I was miserable. Why? It seemed I was missing something to put my thoughts all together, to place why I felt the way I felt. It wasn't even a something. It could be summed up in a single word.

Inadequate.

How the hell could I compete with a woman? Someone who knows what another woman feels, what turns them on and can do things that feel good for both of them. I thought back to the memorable sex we had had in the past, and wondered if it was as good as I thought, or if Jacqui was just shining it on for me. Was she always into women, or was I so bad she turned to them?

Eight months. I thought back as hard as I could about that span of time and remembered her coming home, waking me in the middle of the night after a night out, and taken me with such passion. She made love to me, and had been so giving. I remembered her leading the sex, but doing nothing really radical, making love as we always had, just with her taking the lead instead of me.

I tried to recall any time she had seemed disinterested in me over the past year, and again, nothing sprang to mind. We had even headed out to a quiet retreat in the country five months ago, and ended up spending the entire weekend making out like a couple of teenagers. I remembered her leading me out to a wooded glade away from the hotel and having me make love to her as she leaned against a tree, giving herself over to me with such ardor that it seemed almost like a different woman, and after she had collapsed on top of me following our climaxes, she kissed me so passionately and so deeply, that even now I felt myself aroused just thinking about just the kiss alone.

Was she thinking of the other woman as we made love? Again, I didn't think so, her body reacted so wonderfully when I had cum inside her, I remembered her even climaxing as she felt my juices coat her velvet walls on a number of occasions. She loved to have me to cum on her too, arching her back, holding her breasts, giving me a target to cum on. No, I thought, unless she was the world's greatest actress, everything told me she loved the one thing Sabrina couldn't give her.

I breathed deeply, and wondered now if I could forgive her. A chuckle followed, how could I not? She was doing something that I always hoped she'd do. It was just finding out the way I did, with her sneaking around, that stung so bad. We had never discussed any attraction to women before; I didn't want to seem like a pervert to my own wife and cheapen our marriage. In retrospect, I should have broached the subject somehow, and saved myself the shock and hurt I felt the previous night, and the pain Jacqui had to be feeling right now. In the top of the sixth inning, I left the baseball game. I hadn't even paid enough attention to remember who the visiting team was, and besides, I hate baseball.

I got back to my car, and saw a message waiting on my cell phone inside. I picked it up, and heard the message from Jacqui. "Brock, its Jacqui. I can't begin to tell you how sorry I am. You have to believe me, I never meant to hurt you. You probably don't believe a word I say right now, and I don't blame you, but I love you, baby. Please come home." I could hear her start to cry as she hung up, and with a deep sigh, I started the car and drove home.

As I pulled in the driveway and shut the car off, I looked up to the front door, and saw Jacqui standing in the doorway, wearing one of my favorite outfits: her lacy white teddy, and a long silk robe. Her face showed a sad uncertainty as I came up to the front door. I stopped in the doorway, and hugged her tightly. "We have to talk about a couple of things…" I started, but she put her finger to my lips softly, and told me to follow her. She led me upstairs, looked over her shoulder to me as she led me down the hall to the bedroom, and showed me inside. I froze instantly as I looked to the bed.

Sabrina was seated at the headboard, looking at me with a strange, appraising look, clad only in a cream coloured bra and panty set. I turned around immediately to my wife.

"Jesus, Jacqui, what the fuck…!" My eyes burned with the same rage as from the previous night, "You can't even wait until I'm gone?"

"No, Brock, that's not it," she started, looking at my collar, my neck, anywhere but in my eyes, "I don't want to hide this from you. It's part of who I am, and I don't know why I hid it from you. I wanted to tell you, but I didn't want you to go off like you did last night." She started to cry at that point, and then she looked me in the eyes, her expression revealing the desperation in the gamble she was trying. "I want to share this part of my life with you… please," she sobbed and pressed her lips softly to mine, her tears still streaming down her face, and even with that tender kiss alone, all things unsaid were laid bare. Her hands clasped the back of my neck and held me there as she continued her soft, tender kiss, and the kiss spoke volumes of her continued desire for me. 

She broke the kiss and turned to the bed, beckoning me to take a seat on the chair in the corner. Keeping her eyes on me over her shoulder, she moved to Sabrina, climbed onto the bed, turned to her lover, and kissed her deeply. I could hear both women exhale as their lips locked in lust, their tongues quickly sliding into each other's mouths, probing and dancing. Jacqui slid her body on top of Sabrina's, their breasts rubbing together; I could hear the fabric of their garments scrape together. Jacqui cupped Sabrina's cheek and kissed downwards, searching out the tender spot on her neck, centering on it, lavishing attention on it. I could see Sabrina start to melt, the initial stiffness of her body dissolving as my wife's lips dragged over and grazed her sensitive skin. Sabrina's hands came up and held Jacqui around the waist, guiding her lower. Sabrina's eyes flashed towards to me, the odd look I had seen before replaced by a smoldering look of lust. She returned to look at my wife, her hands moving her lower, until Jacqui's face was at her breasts. I could hear Jacqui inhale sharply as she unclasped Sabrina's bra, pulling the cups off her shapely breasts, and bending her head to them. Extending her tongue she licked tentatively and teasingly at Sabrina's nipples, making the blonde arch her back to intensify the contact. Jacqui moved from one breast to the other, her mouth loving Sabrina's breasts with such a sensuality I had never seen before. I felt familiar stirrings in my groin, and saw the bulge start forming, the scene before me so erotic. Jacqui with her eyes closed, her hands on Sabrina's breasts as she kissed her nipples and the surrounding breastflesh, Sabrina licking her lips, her hands on top of Jacqui's, offering her breasts to Jacqui's mouth.
