 It was Friday afternoon in mid July; I had left work early to try to get to the bank to meet with my loan officer. Something I always looked forward too, just looking at her always made my day seem a little better than it was before I walked in. She was in her late 30's, had short black hair, green eyes and a body that just made a person want to ravage her right there. 

As I walked in the bank Jessica was standing at the counter talking to a teller, she looked up and say me "I have been waiting for you" she said.

"Nice to know a beautiful woman is waiting for me, even if it is just to take my money" I replied.

We both laughed as she showed me to here office. I of course let her lead the way; she was looking sexier than ever that day. She had on a short gray mini skirt and a very tight light gray almost white top. Just watching her walk brought a smile to my face.

We arrived in her office and sat down and began to talk the business I was there to discuss when I noticed that her nipples had gotten very hard and where poking hard against her tight shirt. I tried not to stare but couldn't help it; my eyes were drawn to them like moths to a flame. Apparently she noticed I was staring because she folded her arms over her chest. I continued on with the business at hand but had a hard time concentrating.

After 30 minutes or so I signed the final papers and proceeded to shake her hand and thank her for all her help. As I was shaking her hand I guess my desire got the better of because without realizing it I was stroking the back of her hand with my thumb while we talking. To my amazement she did not pull away, in fact she responded with a thumb rub of her own. Curious to see where this might lead I proceeded to ask her out for a drink after work. "I would love to but I have to meet my husband for lunch after work" she answered.

Discouraged but not willing to give up I asked her to a movie Saturday night. This time I was surprised to hear a Yes as her response. We finalized the arrangements and I was just getting ready to leave when she tugged on my arm, "You are my last meeting of the day and I don't need to meet my husband for another hour and a half" she said.

With that I knew I wasn't going to let this opportunity slip by me. "What do you have in mind?" I asked.

She reached down and pulled her mini skirt up over her hips exposing her light pink panties. I could tell right away that she was already wet. She reached down and cupped her wet mound in her hand "I could think of a thing or two to do to kill some time" she giggled.

I walked over to her and put my arm around her neck and pulled her close to me, kissing her ever so gently, she pulled back just a bit and began tracing my lips lightly with her tongue. I moved my hand down to her bare legs and slid them to her inner thighs. As I moved higher I could feel her wetness soaking through her panties. I slid my hands up her perfectly shaped ass and slid her panties off her legs and onto the floor. Running my hands back up her legs to her mid section I lifted her on her desk and knelt in front of her, all I could think of was tasting her sweetness. I had been dreaming of this for years, ever since the first time I had seen her at the bank. I started kissing the inside of her legs and was working my way up when she stopped me. "Not the best place to go that crazy" she sighed. As she was saying that her hands had worked their way to the button on my jeans, before I knew she had them undone and fondling my erection. She stroked it up and down a few times to get me just a little harder and then she wrapped her legs around my waste and pulled me into her midsection. Without hesitation my cock slid into her wet sweetness, but I pulled back just a bit allowing only the head of my cock to enter her. She leaned back onto her desk trying not to scream out loud as her fellow employees where still right outside the door. I slid my hands her shirt and slid it up over tits, sliding her bra as I went, her tits were perfect. If I had to guess I would say about a 36CC and still as firm as an 18 year olds. I leaned down and took one nipple into my mouth and sucked it ever so gently, then a little harder and caressed it with my teeth. 

*RING RING*

"I have to answer it" she moaned "after all I am still at work"

She picked up the phone and was trying to talk as normal as she could, which wasn't easy considering the head of my cock was still inside of her and I was still sucking on her nipple. She hung up the phone and looked at me "That wasn't very nice "she said.

She no sooner got those words out of her mouth when I slid the full 9 inches of my cock deep inside of her. She arched her back and let out a small cry. "I forgive you "she moaned.

I started thrusting my cock deep inside of her, pulling it almost all of the way out and then pushing it back in until I felt my balls touch her. Slow at first, but I picked up the pace when I felt her getting close to orgasm. She wrapped her legs around my midsection again and drew me tight into her. I continued to thrust my cock deep inside of her. I looked down at her as I fucked her and knew she was reaching climax, she was biting her lip but it was doing little to muffle the cries she was making. 

I pulled out of her and she looked at me with puppy dog eyes, you know the kind, the ones that are saying please don't stop without her saying anything. I took her hand and stood her up; she didn't fight me so I turned her around and leaned her over her desk. I admit I did take a few steps back to admire the view, after all I had been fantasying about this woman for years. I stepped back into her and grabbed her right leg at the knee and lifted her foot up onto the desk. Moving even closer in behind her I aimed my erection right into the wetness I had been wanting for so long.

My cock slid in with ease and it didn't take me long to begin my assault on her from behind. I was fucking her so hard at this point I could hear my balls slapping against her ass. She was letting quiet moans, as was I. She had developed a rhythm with me and was meeting my balls with her ass in perfect time. After 4 or 5 minutes of this pace I knew I was on the verge of climax, I was just getting ready to pull out of her because I knew I wasn't wearing condom but decided what the hell, after all this was the girl of my dreams. I began thrusting just a little harder and within a minute or so I was squirting load after load of my juices deep inside of her. 

We both collapsed on her desk, almost exhausted. After a few minutes of just laying there she looked up at me and said "We had better still be on for Saturday night"

"I wouldn't miss it for the world" I replied. 

As I left the bank I was in heaven, but all I could think about was what might happen in the dark movie theatre.