 Jax sat back and sighed, "I love coming here, but it is impossible to keep the pounds off." He turned to the girl refilling his wine, "Tell Jacques he's going to be needed spotting me in the workout room this evening."

The girl laughed as she topped off everyone's glass and went to get Christie another IPA.

"I've told him he's personally responsible for helping me work off the calories when he goes nuts." Jax said, "I think he just likes having someone to work out with."

Ed looked over at Jax, "I can spot you. You have weights? Free, I mean?"

"We have everything. I prefer the free weights, but I think we have just about every type of machine there is. I'd love the company if you want." Jax replied looking at the other man, "I get the feeling you'd have no problem keeping up with me."

Ed laughed, "Not really. I've been able to maintain my core strength, but can't press what I used to." He looked at Christie, "Are you going to be alright if I work out this evening? Or would you like to join us?"

Christie groaned, "Not a chance. I'm not going to put myself in that position. You guys stacking on the weights, me with just the one, or benching the empty bar." She smiled at them, "You guys have fun. I never got to go into the pool earlier and I might swim some laps."

Jax turned to Rick, who was nearest of the three boys to Jax. "Can you boys not go riding this evening and go swimming?"

"Sure!" Rick said, perhaps a little eagerly.

Christie laughed, "I'm not going to drown, I'll be fine."

Jax shook his head, "House rules. No one swims alone. I'd prefer to have someone there if you want to swim. Also, they ride enough every evening."

Ed looked at the boys, "I'd like to ride with you sometime. It's been years since I've ridden, but if you want me along..." 

"Sure! How about tomorrow? We were thinking of trails above Reno. We did them a few years ago and would love to have both of you along." Mike replied.

"Sorry, I don't ride. Why don't you go and have fun. Actually, it might be nice to just relax. I mean, I did bring books to read." Christie said suddenly blushing.

Ed looked over and grinned, "Sorry." He looked at the three boys, "Sure, I'd love to. I assume you have all the gear."

Jax got up, "Well I'm going to go change into my workout clothes. Ed? Meet out in the gym in half an hour or so?"

Ed got up, "Well I am going to go change, so I'll see you back in the room?" He said looking at Christie. "You coming back soon?"

Christie laughed, "You go ahead, I'll sit here and finish my beer with the boys. Don't hurt yourself trying to match Jax."

Ed groaned, "Yeah, that guy looks like he could lift a house." He shook his head and headed down the hall.

Christie looked at the boys, "I really don't have to swim if you want to take the bikes out. I have reading to catch up on and plenty to do."

Jimmy grinned, "Actually, we don't need to ride every night. I love the pool, how warm it is compared to the cool air. Especially in the evening." He unconsciously flicked his eyes down to the girl's chest and back to her face.

Christie laughed, "You boys can say it. You want to see me in the bikini again and it wouldn't be terrible if I got out wet and hit the cold mountain air." See looked down at her chest and back up and giggled when she saw all three blush furiously. She stood up grinning and winked at them. "I'll meet you in the pool area in 20." As she started down the hall she turned knowing they were all looking and stopped to face them. "Oh, should I wear the one-piece or a two piece?" She grinned hearing them mumble two piece and went down the hall.

When she entered the room, she saw Ed standing there naked and stopped. "Oh Christ, sorry. I should have knocked."

Ed laughed, "Why? It's not like we haven't been naked together." He came over and kissed her, "Hi honey. Welcome home."

Christie pushed him away. "Better calm down, big boy. Jax might think that's for him. He seems like a man that would be hard to say no to." She laughed and went over to the drawer to grab her bikini.

"Really? I don't think I'd have a problem with saying no, or was that you speaking?" Ed said, looking at his 'wife.'

Christie turned, "Jealous? I do have to say I'm a bit in awe of the man. He simply exudes power and though he's made no move at all on me, I feel some sort of sexual vibes." She shook her head, "Relax, I'm sure he wants nothing to do with me. He's a man of God. Anyhow, you're not really my husband, you know, so somehow you being jealous cannot be a good thing when I get back to Doug." She looked at Ed, "There, that took care of things." Laughing she pulled off her clothes and put on her teenier bikini. She thought back to when she bought it and how she and Doug never made it out of the parking lot at the beach the first time she wore it. She looked back at Ed and saw he had the same reaction. "You might want to hydrate." Giggling, she grabbed her robe and left.

Ed stood there with his rock-hard cock pointing at the ceiling wondering how the boys would react seeing her in that...suit? Hard to call nothing nothing but strings and tiny triangles a suit. He thought about the boys seeing her in that and decided a quick cold shower couldn't hurt.

Christie was lying on a chaise under the infrared poolside lights when the boys came out. She immediately saw the boys noticed there was little fabric covering her body. She stood up and smiled at their eyes darting all up and down her. She put her hands on her hips, "Should I turn around, or is there any particular position you'd like to see me in?" She laughed seeing them blush and turned and dove in. She let out a huge sigh feeling how warm the water was, especially compared to the 40 degrees it showed on the thermometer.

The boys stared the whole time until they too dove in, realizing they needed to cool down. They watched Christie swimming up and down the length of the pool and decided to swim on the other side to let her do her laps. Soon all three were leaning against the side of the pool watching as that sleek form cut through the water, back and forth. They all found themselves getting hard watching that slick bare ass flex with every kick.

Rick punched Mike in the arm, "Come on, let's try some of those dives Ed taught us." He and the others climbed out into the frigid air and trotted over to the diving board.

Christie appreciated them giving her room as she did her laps and found herself getting lost in the effortless rhythm...one, two, three, stroke, one, two, three, stroke, breathe, one, two, three, stroke, one, two, three, stroke, breathe. The pool was large enough that the splashes from the ill-timed dives didn't disrupt the zone she found herself in.

Jimmy trotted over and tossed googles to the other boys and dove under to watch as the near-naked woman swam by. He felt Rick nudge him and point. He had already noticed how her breasts flopped back and forth with every stroke and nodded back at him.

Soon, tired of the feelings of frustration watching what they could never have, the boys climbed out and hurried under the lights, grabbing towels and dried themselves off. Rick and Jimmy grabbed the lounge chairs on either side of where Christie had her stuff. "How long has she been doing laps?" Mike asked.

Rick turned and looked at the clock, "We got here at 8:30, it is now 9:45. Wow! I wonder how many miles that is?" Seeing his friends shrug their shoulders he turned the watch that beautiful ass churning through the pool. "Damn, she has a great ass. I almost drowned when I stayed under too long watching her breasts. I swear that top must be glued on. I thought she flop out of it." He blushed hearing himself say that.

"No kidding. I can't take my eyes off that nice ass." Jimmy said.

"I can take my eyes off it." Mike said. Seeing his friends' heads jerk over to look at him, "If she were to start doing the back stroke." He grinned.

"Oh. That would really be nice..." Jimmy sighed. "I wonder if she's ever been to a nude beach."

Rick looked at his friends, "Oh wow. I'd have loved to have seen that. I've never been to a nude beach. You guys?" Seeing them shake their head, he said wistfully, "Actually I've never seen a nude woman." He suddenly grinned, "Actually, this is as nude a girl as I've ever seen." He laughed, "Ok, that's really pitiful."

Jimmy laughed, "Actually, me too. I didn't think of that. What about you. Mike, ever seen a woman naked before?"

Mike looked sad. "Close. My friends were spying on one of their sisters and invited me." He blushed, "I chickened out."

The other two laughed, "Mike, you crack me up. It is not a sin to look." But Jimmy looked thoughtful, "But it sure would be disrespectful to spy on a girl like that. Actually, I would probably have done the same thing."

Mike looked at his friends, "I felt good about it later, but I was watching a movie the other day and a dying man said 'To paraphrase Mark Twain, I regret the things I didn't do more than those I did. I wish I'd thrown off the bowlines and sailed from my safe harbor.'" He looked at his friends. "I think back to that day every time I think of that line."

Rick did a rueful smile, "I know exactly what that means." He looked over at the others, "We're entering priesthood next week. You have doubts?"

Mike nodded his head slowly and looked at Jimmy who looked sad, then back at Rick. Look, there is an old Filipino proverb, 'There is no glory without sacrifice.'" 

Rick looked over at the form swimming back and forth, "An hour and a half now, I wonder how far she has gone?"

Jimmy laughed, "In my case, about 20 chubbies I've had to fight down."

The other two burst out laughing and nodding. "You got that right. We sure are a pitiful trio." Mike sputtered. "Perhaps it is better she's not doing the back stroke."

Christie swam a few more laps before coming to the end of the pool and stopping. She swam over to the edge and rested on her elbows, panting slightly. "Three miles. I like to get two miles in every other day, but this pool feels so good, I extended it." She looked innocently at the three stunned looking boys, "I don't usually do backstroke laps, but do I take requests." She giggled and flopped onto her back and swam with a dolphin kick which pushed her crotch out of the water. She mused how her breasts broke the surface of the water like twin whales and giggled thinking about the boys watching. Finally, she climbed out of the pool feeling the freezing air hit her wet skin. She thought her nipples were going to rip through the thin cloth and eagerly grabbed the towel offered by Mike. "Thanks, Christ! It's cold." She shivered.

The boys couldn't believe there could be nipples that pointy and tried not to stare, but it was impossible not to look. When Christie dropped the towel, she stopped seeing their eyes. She looked down at herself, "Actually, you can pretty much say you've seen a naked girl. I should have worn more."

"You heard everything we said?" Jimmy said with a look of horror.

"Of course." She pointed at the pool, "I was what? 15 feet away? It was great. Sometimes it can get boring swimming lap after lap, but I totally enjoyed the distraction." She looked at the crotches on each boy. "Really 20? I'm pretty sure there's a compliment in there." She grinned, seeing their discomfort. "Look, you don't have to stifle them on my account. I'll just assume they are not there."

She lay back feeling the heat from the lights warm her up and closed her eyes. She was glad her bikini bottom was wet since just thinking about three gorgeous young men with hard cocks just for her made her pussy throb and open up. She heard them move around and thought she sensed them standing over her. She opened her eyes and saw the three boys stand up, obvious tents in their shorts, "Where are you going?"

"Um, we thought it might be best to take a dip and, you know, cool off." Rick said.

Christie looked at their hands over their groins. "Not fair." She flicked her jutting nipples and looked down at bottom that had molded to her puffy labia and looked back at them. "So, you can see all I have to offer and I don't get to see?"

The three blushing boys looked at each other and back at the beautiful blonde, "Um, well...we..."

"Oh come on. Take your hands away." Christie ordered, "I told you yesterday, girls check you guys out as much as you check us out." She gasped when they took their hands away. She sat up and slid to the end of the chaise. "Holy crap! You boys have been with girls and they ignored those?"

The boys were beat red and looked like they wanted to run and when Christie stood up, they all took a step back.

Christie went to each boy. She reached out and gently hugged each one allowing the cocks to press against her stomach. Grinning, she pulled away. "I am not just saying this, but if I were not married I'd let each one of you inside me. Now I suggest you go back to your rooms and think of me." She reached around and pulled off her top and stood holding it for a minute watching their jaws drop. She felt a huge rush thinking how these boys are seeing their first breasts...at least on a woman. She giggled softly seeing their unblinking eyes. "Ok, I guess I'll see you tomorrow?" She grabbed her robe and disappeared into the house thinking back to the Mark Twain quote, knowing this opportunity lost would come back to her in later years.

********************************************

She opened the door thinking she'd have to relieve herself, perhaps on the phone with Doug when she saw Ed walking out of the bathroom drying his hair, totally naked. "Seriously? Do you just walk around naked hoping I'd come in here?" She laughed. Seeing him looking pointedly at her bra in her hand, she blushed. "I guess I had to give them something to think about when left. Pretty sure these are something they'll remember for a while." She said as she dropped her robe.

"You didn't show them that sweet pussy of yours?" Ed laughed, "That is so rude." He looked her up and down, then groaned, "God, you're beautiful, but tonight...tonight, I think I will leave you alone and let you sleep."

"Why?..I mean, ok. I was just expecting...Oh Christ. After those boys basically stimulated my whole body with their probing eyes, I was hoping you'd get me some relief." Christie said, "What's the matter?"

"It is definitely not you. Remember you told me not to try to keep up with Jax? I think I pulled every muscle in my body." Ed groaned. "And after earlier with those swimmer's thighs of yours..."

Christie laughed, "Figures. I can survive though. Why don't you go down to the hot tub and soak it off? She tossed her bra on the back of the chair and pulled off her tiny string bottoms. "I need to shower. Even without the chlorine, I feel the salts from the pool." 

Ed looked at the naked girl and thought about perhaps...then shook it off realizing that he promised to go dirt biking with the boys and he'd better get some pain relief. He went over and got his shorts, threw on a robe and walked to the door, "Have fun." He groaned, "What do you think two minutes?"

Christie laughed. "Get real, you know I'm calling the boys down here, so perhaps come back tomorrow morning?"

Christie turned and walked into the bathroom and got under the hot water. She wondered what it would be like with three boys, three virgin boys. If they'd fumble around trying to stick those cocks in her...her holes." She realized she was pulling on her nipples, thinking how those boys wanted to be doing this exact thing. Perhaps they'd fight over sucking on her tits, or, she'd be on her knees with all three cocks trying to get into her mouth...bent over sucking on a juicy cock when another cock drives into her with 18 years pent up frustration...he'd cum and another cock would fill her...cum pouring out when he was done..."Oh my fucking God!" She gasped and collapsed to the floor of the shower rubbing her cunt furiously.

Finally, she picked herself up and finished showering realizing she violated so many things, but especially the "Please Conserve Water" plea on the wall.

She went over to the dresser and pulled out a long sheer white gown. She held it to the light and groaned, but then smiled thinking how considerate Jax's staff was to provide these. She pulled it on and looked in the full length mirror and felt a rush thinking how sexy she looked when her phone rang.

She put the phone to her ear and flopped back on the bed, "Hi sweetie, go ahead, ask what I'm wearing." She laughed, "This long sheer gown, totally see-through...I know...maybe they'll let me bring these back with me...I know, I miss you too. I've thought about you every minute...What? No, I'm changing out of it before Ed gets back...Why?" Suddenly her eyes welled up and she let out a sob. "God damn it, I'm sorry. I feel terrible, I did more than a hand job...Yes, I did, I mean no, I made him...I'm so sorry. I was so horny, I needed a cock...What? Seriously? I cheated on you...Ok, I know. I called her...It's fine, in fact I'm really happy. She has great hands." She softly giggled, "I wouldn't know about that...No, you can fantasize, but I'm not really interested, unless you make one of your margaritas...He did, I'm a real slut. I had it ready and handed it to him. No, not really, I am between cycles...Really? You are ok with this? God, I miss you. I love you so much...ok, I will, every detail." See jerked up hearing the door open and Ed walk in, "I'm sorry sweetie, but Ed just walked in." She giggled, "Yes, I think he noticed, No! I'm not doing that...I have to go. Yes, he seems to be staring. Bye...bye...I love you." She put down the phone and grinned at Ed.

"I found this in the drawer. Apparently, the help feels my tees are not exactly arousing." She saw where he was looking and she pulled up her bottom exposing her crotch. She took a deep breath seeing how focused he was on her bare pussy and slowly opened her legs. When her legs were open wide, she smiled at the dark-haired man she never met until two days ago and slid a finger up and down her moist slit. "Really a waste, this nice tight pussy all wet and ready and you all sore and all..." She reached over to turn off the light, exposing her ass, "You want to get into bed to sleep before I turn the light off?" She giggled when Ed jumped on the bad and pushed her onto her back.

Ed looked down at the sex goddess and leaned down to kiss her as he lay between her legs. He lifted his ass when Christie pushed his shorts down and he reached down and pulled them completely off. "I've thought about being in that sweet pussy of yours since this afternoon. But I also wondered what you tasted like." He slid down and stopped to take in those mounds fully visible through the flimsy material and nipped at those hard points jutting up.

Christie moaned feeling this strong man teasing her sensitive nipples and his hard rod pressing against her thigh. She pushed her leg against him and felt him hump back against her. "You sure? She's nice and wet, ready for you, ready for that nice cock to slide right into her."

Ed looked at that beautiful face, "Maybe I'll just drop by and say 'Hi' before impaling her. It just seems polite." He grinned as he slid down and placed his face right in front of that perfect slit. "Mmmmmm, nice." He said taking a deep breath. He flicked his tongue teasingly against her projecting clit and was greeting with a quick thrust of her hip. "Apparently, you like that." He said as he flicked his tongue over the nub a few more times. As he drove a finger into her cunt, he felt her hand behind his head pulling his mouth tighter onto the seeping slit and hardened clit.

"You fucker, you should know you need to tease meeee...Oh God. You need to work up tooooo...aaaaahhhh. Don't stop. Ahhhh. Yes, yesssss, oh God! Stop...I want to cum on your cock." Christie panted while pulling on a nipple. She grabbed Ed's wet face and kissed him when he crawled up on top of her. "Fuck me. I've been thinking about your cock since this afternoon also." 
