 I honestly didn't know that Sara our new babysitter was a total slut. I was very surprised. One Saturday afternoon, she called and asked me to come over to her place. "I need you to help me with something was something," is all that she had said.

"Well where is your mom?" I asked.

She's up at the cottage with her boyfriend. I'm home all by myself. And I think there something wrong with the pump on the pool.

I told her I'd be right over and hung up the phone. My wife and kids had just gone out for the whole afternoon and was a little frustrated that my planned afternoon of heavy masturbation was going to be put on hold. I quickly put on my shorts and T-shirt and got ready to leave. I realized I wasn't wearing any underwear. It was so hot outside that day; nobody was probably wearing any underwear.

Sara did not live that far away so I'd decided to walk. I rang the doorbell. And I heard her call from the backyard. I walked around the side of the house and through the gate. Sara was standing there in the pump house with her back to me. She had a tiny sundress on which exposed her back. The bottom of which barely covered her butt cheeks. She had long slender legs. They seemed endless all the way to her barren little feet, her long blonde hair tangled in a ponytail at the back.

"Thank you for coming, Mr. Marty."

"Please don't be so formal Sara, call me Colin."

"Now what seems to be the problem with this thing? I started looking over the pump. Sara excused herself telling me se was going to go inside and change into her swimsuit.

After quick examination I could tell that the pump was shot. It had been running really hot and looked like it or burnt itself out; there is nothing I could do to fix it, the whole thing needed to be replaced. I closed the pump-house door and walked over to the patio. Sitting in the ashtray on the table was a half smoked joint.

I lay back thinking about what I was going to do to my cock, when I got home. I had been horny all day and after seeing Sara in that sundress. I knew who I would be thinking about when I finally got to oil up my shaft. Sara came walking out the patio door. She was wearing an extremely tiny string bikini. The flowered colored outfit, barely clung to her young tight body she sat down lawn chair beside me, her hair was down now and traipsing on her shoulders. She had such beautiful blue eyes and a friendly smile. Captivated, I explained that the pump was shot and her moms going to have to get a new one.

"I was afraid of that," she said in a sweet sexy voice. She lit a cigarette, looking at the ashtray. "Oops, don't tell my mom I smoke okay?"

"Don't worry, I won't mind if I have some of this I said, pointing at the joint." "No, feel free," she said. "I'm already half-baked. We smoked the rest of the joint and talked some more. As she lit another cigarette, she leaned forward and asked me, "This is gonna sound crazy, but I need to know. Do I have the reputation of being a slut?"

I laughed, "No, no you don't Sara. What would ever give you that idea? I've heard nothing of the sort."

She giggled and tossed her hair back looking up at the sky. "Well I know my friend Autumn has a reputation. So I was always worried that I would."

"But Autumn is a slut," I said.

She laughed again. "That's the problem. I'm more of a slut and she is. So I was little worried."

"What? I don't believe it."

"I am, she said. All I ever think about all day is getting fucked. I have spent his whole summer, lying on my back in my bed, playing with my pussy. I can't tell you how many times I've cum. She ran her fingers through her hair, her small firm tits heaved under the clinging bikini top. She brushed them with her hands when she brought them back down. I could see her nipples poking through the sheer top. "What about you?" she asked. "Are you a sex maniac like me?"

"Yes. Yes I am," I stuttered not believing what was happening. "As a matter of fact I was going to do something of that sort this afternoon myself."

She giggled again. "Its fun isn't it," she said. "I think I even like masturbation better than real sex itself. I can never find a guy that can make me cum they always seem to blow their loads too quickly." 

"My hand was resting in my lap, covering my now full hard erection. 

"You know Autumn says that I should try banging an older guy. She's been doing it for weeks, and says she just can't stop. Know where I can find an older guy to fuck me?" She asked, blowing smoke right in my face.

My heart was racing as a blurted out that I would love to be the man to teach her how cum with someone else.

"Oh my God, I was so hoping you would say that. I have wanted to fuck you for so long. I just didn't know how to ask."

"Well that bikini sure helps get the message across," I said.

"Do you like it? I just got yesterday. My mom would kill me if she knew I was wearing something like this." She stood up and modeled it for me. As she twirled around very slowly, I gazed at her completely naked butt cheeks. Exposed, for all to see in the tight thong bottom she was wearing. 

"Shall we go inside? She asked.

I stood up with the boner in my shorts, very prominent now, her gaze drifted to it and I heard her draw a deep breath in. 

I followed her inside, watching her little ass cheeks jiggle as she walked slowly in front me. She swayed her hips with each step. Now, I could tell she was a slut. She knew exactly how to seduce a man. I followed her up the stairs, getting more and hornier with each step. I couldn't wait to peel off that micro bikini.

She closed the door of her bedroom and led me to the side of her bed. Taking the lead, she wrapped her arms around me. Mine soon followed. We looked into each other's eyes. I leaned forward and started to give her the most passionate kiss I had ever given anybody in my life. I wanted to teach her, what it was like to be fucked properly. My tongue swirled around hers as my hands ran through her beautiful blonde hair. We were both already breathing heavily. I pulled her close to me and grabbed both her ass cheeks firmly in my hands. She moaned softly, as we continued kissing. I could feel my straining cock pressing up against her tummy. I felt her grind against it.

She broke the kiss lifting off my shirt and pulled it over my head. She kissed me again. As we fell onto the bed my hands instinctively cupped one of her breasts. Again, she moaned, tilting her head back. I could tell she was one horny little kitten. My hand drifted higher and began to keel down the top of her bikini, her right breast popped out. Its hard little nipple finally exposed to the air. I broke the kiss, and let my tongue trail down her neck. I couldn't wait to suck that tit. I started kissing around her nipple, as she pulled her other tit out and began to squeeze them together. I began to feast on the little valley of cleavage that had developed. She started moaning louder now out as my hot breath grew closer to her hard pointy nipple. She let out a gasp as my lips wrapped around one of them.

"Oh my god, you are so good at this!" She screamed. 

I had the confidence now, and moved lower my tongue trailing down her tight little tummy. I Stopped at the bellybutton letting it probe and swirl around it. I moved lower and lower skipping all the way down to her knees. I started to kiss her lower thighs and her legs parted instinctively. I looked up at her bikini clad pussy. My hands reached up for the strings at the sides. As my tongue move further upper her thigh I peeled away her bikini bottoms. She let on another soft little moan and giggled a little embarrassed as she was showing me her pussy. It looked so small and tight, completely shaven. My tongue was very worked up now and had started swirling around her wetness. Already I could tell she was totally soaked she felt my hot breath on her clit. I began to tease her, my slippery tongue sliding around her lips. I was gently brushing the sides of her budding clit when I spread her lips wide so could have full access to it. I began to flick my crafty tongue back and forth across the tip of her clit. Her back arched as she took a deep breath and let out a scream of pleasure.

"This feels so good!" She moaned. 

My hands reached around and held her ass cheeks firmly as my tongue continued to lick. I could tell she was getting close, her moaning and gasps were very short now. I wrapped my full lips now around her clit sucking it into my mouth where my darting tongue began to flick more ferociously. Then she started cumming loud, and hard. She lifted her hips right off the bed and was grinding them into my face as she was screening and pleasure.

It felt like her orgasm had lasted forever. She was looking down at me, cupping her tits and pinching her nipples.

"No one has ever done that to me before," she said, "I loved it." I withdrew my lips from her pussy and hovered over the top of her. I kissed her cheeks and neck as she was still twitching from her orgasm.

"Now it's your turn," she said, "Let's get those shorts off." I kneeled in front of her as she peeled my shorts down. My long thick, hard cock popped out right in front of her face.

"Oh my God! That's the biggest cock I've ever seen," she said.

She was staring at it as it twitched and throbbed right in front of her face she reached up and gently grabbed the shaft in her hand. Slowly, she started stroking it, moving her mouth closer and closer to its mushroom head. She licked her lips before she wrapped them around it. I couldn't help but moan, as she sucked on the big head. I rolled over on my back kicking my shorts to the floor. She hovered over me again and started sucking more of the shaft into her mouth. I couldn't believe how much she was taking. She was very good at this. I knew for certain and that she was a little slut, her hands cuffed and caressed my balls like an expert.

"Well you are very good at this Sara. This feels so good" She continued sucking me with new confidence.

"Do you know what I wanna do? I want to fuck those perfect tits of yours," I said. 

She had an embarrassed laugh and leaned forward, placing my rock-hard shaft, between her little titties. Squeezing them around it, I gently started to pump my shaft in between them. She kept looking down at my cock, trying to catch the type tip of its head with her tongue. When it popped free from between the head of my cock was covered in pre-cum.

"What are your favorite position sera?"

"I wanna ride you baby," she purred.

She stood up over me and very slowly started to lower her pussy to word my cock she held the shaft and guided it to her entrance. I could feel her pussy lips wrapped tightly around my head as she started to lower deeper onto it. She started screaming with pleasure the moment it entered her.

"Holy fuck, your huge!" she sat right down on top of it.

"Don't worry I'll be gentle. This is the tightest pussy I've ever fucked."

She soon got used to it and began slowly lifting her hips up and down. She was moaning with pleasure every time she would slam back down on top of me. I started to meet her thrusts with some of my own. She was getting closer and closer a she started moaning louder. I told her to play with her clit. As soon as she did, she started cumming. It was all I could do to hold my own orgasm back as she bounced happily up and down on top of me. She continued grinding her pussy onto my cock with her tits dangling in my face. I did not want to shoot my load yet so I told her roll over onto her back. She did spreading her legs. I teased her a little bit now, rubbing the big mushroom head of my cock, up-and-down her wet and slippery clit. I parted her pussy lips just a little did and I asked her if she was ready. Then I slid my cock, nice and deep inside. I held it tight inside her, kissing her again. I began to pump slowly; her little titties began to bounce with each thrust. She looked up into my eyes, gasping with lust I could tell she was proud of her self for taking such a big cock she began to rub her click again, her legs were spread wide. So I could hold them apart. I looked down watching the full length of my big shaft dairy inside her tight wet little pussy, her finger was circling faster now. And she took a deep breath.

I'm coming again, she yelled.

I started pounding into her now. Burying my cock, all the way to my balls. She wrapped her legs tightly around me and started on yet another orgasm. I realized then, why she was such a little slut. When done right, she could come and come and come.

"Let's try doggy style sweetie," I suggested. "I think you'll like this position."

I could tell my little slut had done it before. She knew exactly what position to assume. Her tiny round little ass was stuck straight up in the air. I edged closer to her letting my cock, brush the back of her thighs, then slipping between them, resting against her soaking wet love nest. My cock was so hard. It was throbbing, bouncing up and down against her clit. I squeezed her firm round ass cheeks. I couldn't wait to be back inside her I teased myself a bit by slapping my thick hard meet against her cheeks. Letting it nestle in her ass crack she spread her legs wider and dropped off her elbows, so her butt was high in the air. I could tell she was ready. Spreading her lips. I slowly eased my pulsing manhood, into her tight pussy.

She screamed and moaned the loudest she had done all day as I entered her, pushing deep on the very first thrust. I held my cock deep inside her with my balls mashed up against her. She was so wet, and so tight. Reaching around. I cupped her dangling, little tits holding her hard petite nipples between my fingers. I pinched them, as I started to fuck her. They were hard as rocks delicate to the touch. By her squeals of pleasure I could tell she liked me playing with them. I continued pumping slowly, knowing she had gotten used to this nice and deep penetration.

I nicely asked if I could go faster, she tilted her head back and said two words. 

"Fuck me!"

I needed no more encouragement and bucked my hips harder against her, slowly growing in tempo until I had a nice fast pace going. She was moaning loudly, her ass cheeks jiggled and bounced as our bodies slapped together. She was again close and started to play with her clit again. Her little pussy was ready to come and I reached forward grabbing her hair giving it a little gentle tug. Her back arched as she looked upward and screamed out that she was going to come again. Her hips were again meeting my thrusts. I didn't know who was having more fun, when yet another orgasm came over her, this one lasted forever, her pussy lips were now so tightly wrapped on my cock. I felt I had to slow down.

I leaned forward, pushing her down more. She fell off her knees with her ass still up in the air. She was now lying flat on her tummy. My thick cock was buried inside her with my stomach pressed up against the soft pillows of her ass cheeks. I started to really fuck her hard, pressing her into the bed; her hand was back on its usual spot, circling her clit at an unbelievable speed. My little slut was going to come again and this time I wasn't going to be able to hold back. I withdrew my cock to its very tip and plowed back in as she started coming. Pumping away really fast and hard now I could feel my orgasm start to build as her ass was slapping against me.

"I'm going to come too!" I yelled.

"Oh yes, yes, yes spray it all over me!" she screamed and rolled over still rubbing her clit. I literally stood on her bed over top of her as my pulsing cock begged to be drained. 

She looked up at me and licked her lips. I couldn't believe it and this set me off the edge I started into in the most intense orgasm I've ever had in my life. A weeks worth of cum started spraying out. The first shot landed right on her chin glancing off her tongue. The next I aimed at her little titties. I pulsed and sprayed for what seemed forever so much, hot, warm and splattering cum. I completely showered her tits and tummy with my white jizz.

I collapsed beside her in a heap of sighs and gasps. We were both exhausted after the best fuck of our lives.

After that I met Sara, many times, until she went away to college. I think she had become addicted to my cock with us sneaking away many times to fuck the hell out of each other.