 He could see London begin to appear through the window of the plane. Siobhan leaned across his lap so she could look out too. He used the opportunity to reach over and run his hand across her ass.

"It is so big!" She says excitedly having never been to London.

"Aww. Thanks, baby but lots of guys are larger." He teases and feels her chuckle.

A woman he considered one of his best friends lived in London but due to the nature of their friendship he had asked her for a night with Siobhan before she joined them. Emily concurred and said she was looking forward to meeting her. So when they collected their luggage he instructed the driver to take them to the hotel he had booked instead of Emily's where he typically stayed.

The following day he spent with her. She kept making little lists in her phone of restaurants she planned to visit when he was working. The cultural offerings excited her and in one day she had a list that would take her month of eating out to visit. He pointed out the Tube stops to her since they would still be in the same area after tonight; Emily's flat was around the corner. That is if the two women hit it off and Siobhan was okay with staying with her.

That evening Siobhan came out of the bathroom and his usually confident lover looked sexy as hell but seemed nervous. He asked her what was wrong as he took her in his arms.

"I hope she likes me." She whispered in a voice that sounded like a much younger version of her normal self.

"I like you so I am sure she will." He actually had no fears about Emily liking Siobhan. Emily and he had been friends for over a decade and had similar taste in women. His bisexual friend loved to share her girlfriends with him when he came to visit. In all the years though he had never brought anyone with him and had always relied on Emily to have a third for them to play with. Siobhan though fits so easily into his life. She wanted her free time so she didn't mind when he wanted his. Sexually she was open and they were very compatible there. She didn't seem to have a jealous streak. Thus far.

Emily spied him first across the restaurant and gave one of her blinding smiles then looked down to see Siobhan. The gleam and crook of her head let him know she liked what she saw. He introduced the two women taking in that even in heels Siobhan was shorter than Emily who was wearing flats. The women take their sits across from one another and he sits beside of Siobhan. They all order a cocktail and as she sips hers Siobhan relaxes. She and Emily have things in common and share similar senses of humor so they easily engage one another. Amusedly Emily makes lots of excuses to reach over and touch Siobhan; her arm, hair and once her cheek. He gives her a knowing look after the cheek touch and then looks down and sees that Siobhan is flushed from the attention. Her tongue peeks out and she licks her lips. The move is not missed by Emily whose nostrils flare as a predatory smile spreads across her lips.

Dinner is a leisurely event. He makes occasional sweeps under Siobhan's skirt and skims a finger over her panties. Every visit finds her to be wetter than the previous visit. It is on one pass after they have finished dessert that she gasps slightly. He is placing a kiss on her cheek when Emily says, "Siobhan, I would love for you to stay at my flat this evening."

Emily had opened a bottle when they returned to her place. Siobhan didn't mind when he lifted her skirt so he had complete access to her. When he pulled her leg apart so she was exposed to Emily she didn't appear uncomfortable either. Since she had always liked to take risks in public having sex he had suspected she had some exhibitionist tendencies. As if she was reading his mind Siobhan reaches over and begins to stroke him through his pants. She gasps slightly when she discovers he is at full attention. She glances over to Emily who is amused then down where her hand is then at him unsure about what to do with her discovery.

"Is he hard Siobhan?" Emily asks already knowing the answer. Siobhan whispers yes. "Excellent. I'd really love to watch him fuck you."

He stands and takes her hand and leads her to the bedroom. She looks back to make sure Emily is following. When they enter the bedroom Emily walks to Siobhan and kisses her. He undresses himself as he watches the two women kiss and Emily undress Siobhan. He's always enjoyed the newness of Emily's playthings but standing there watching them he felt more desperate to be inside of her then he had ever felt with the playthings. He wasn't sure if he sighed with relief when Emily escorted Siobhan to the bed and instructed her to lie on her back. He didn't wait. As Emily undressed he pushed inside of Siobhan. He began to calm some after he was coated in her pleasure. His strokes became more fluid and he set up so he could look down on her. Because they had played at home with her friend Abigail he knew she loved women. He asked her anyway and she looked at Emily and reached for her.

Emily made herself comfortable over Siobhan's face while facing him. Siobhan's arms wrapped around Emily's thigh as she began to pleasure her.

"Ohhhhh!" Emily gasped minutes later. "Chris I really like your girlfriend." She moaned as she shifted on Siobhan's face. "Such a good girl."

Hearing herself praised caused her to tighten around his dick. He wanted to be in her deeper so her pushed her legs up. Emily's face was getting that distant look she got just before an orgasm. Suddenly she gasped and froze before reading a long moan.

"Oh my god. Yes! Fuck!" She shifts again and he can see Siobhan's lips on Emily's clit. "She just pushed a finger in my ass. Fuck!"

He hadn't noticed Siobhan's hand had moved till then. He slowed his thrusts as Emily began climaxing. He watched with acute fascination as she grabbed Siobhan's breasts and held them as she bore down on her face riding out her orgasm. His pace only increased when he watched Emily kissing and licking her own pleasure off Siobhan.

"Would you have an orgasm if he fucked your ass?" Emily says lying next to Siobhan. Chris makes a mental note to send Emily flowers tomorrow for this.

"Yes." She says softly as she tries to kiss Emily again. With no hesitation, he slips from one wet hole and slowly pushes into the other. Definitely sending thank you flowers.

He lets her adapt but the moment he feels she has relaxed he begins to fuck her in earnest. Her cries just propel him pushing him to reach out and wrap a hand around her throat.

"I love watching you two fuck. I hope you let me watch you a lot over the next few days, Siobhan." Emily says while stroking Siobhan's face but watching him impale her ass. She reaches down with her free hand and strokes Siobhan's clit and instantly she is jerking and chanting Chris' name. "That's it, Siobhan. Be a good guest and give me that O."

Chris is almost laughing when he begins to cum.