 Author's note: Special thanks go to my volunteer editor, Q, who so graciously gave of his time to help me find those little annoying errors and offered some suggestions from the readers point of view. Thank you, Q.

Rob was pissed. The snowstorm had turned into a blizzard. He was cursing himself for ignoring the weather forecast and taking off for the mountains to go skiing. He was supposed to meet Sara, his sometime playmate. They had met several years ago on a cruise and almost instantly became friends. 

At first they both thought it was nothing more than a friendship. It wasn't until the 14th day of the 15-day cruise that they even kissed. That night they spent together in Rob's cabin. The next day at the dock, Rob and Sara promised to stay in touch, neither really believing it would happen. After all, it was a nice friendship brewing and the sex was ok, but both knew in their hearts this would never be love. As it turned out, over the next several months, through phone calls and letters, the friendship grew. Finally, they met for a weekend that was spent mostly in bed. Though the sex was fabulous this time, it was without emotion. They realized there would never be a permanent pairing. Over the years the bond between them held and even grew stronger. They still shared occasional intimate weekends filled with passion. 

It had been five months since he had seen Sara. It had been three months since he last shared a bed with anyone. Perhaps it was Rob's loneliness and randy feelings that caused him to be foolish enough to brave the worst snowstorm in years. He badly needed this weekend with Sara. Even though the snow was blinding and he was three hours late, Rob pressed on. He knew Sara was far too sensible to have ventured out in this weather, but it was too late to turn back now as the lodge was much closer than home. To his relief as he rounded the next bend he saw the lights of the lodge complex. He realized where he was and for the first time in a couple hours was certain he would live to see the morning. If need be he could walk the rest of the way to the lodge. 

As Rob pulled his car up to the curb under the lodge's portico, a uniformed doorman ran to open the car door. "How did you get here, sir? The state police declared the mountain road impassable hours ago," the doorman said as Rob stepped out of the car.

"Well I guess it is still passable for the foolish and the desperate. I had gone too far to turn back before I realized how bad the roads were. I suppose the talking head meteorologists have to get it right every once in awhile," Rob replied

"Well go on in and get registered, I will park the car. Are your bags in the trunk?"

"Yes," Rob sighed and headed for the lodge door.

The desk clerk greeted Rob with the same astonished look the doorman had. He told Rob that there wouldn't be any skiing for several days at least, and that the mountain road would not be cleared until Monday night at the earliest. The desk clerk went on to explain that the storm was expected to continue through Sunday night and another two feet of snow might fall. Rob said that he was supposed to meet a friend here and asked if Sara had arrived. The desk clerk told Rob that Sara had called and cancelled. Then he explained that only one person besides the staff was at the lodge. She had the misfortune of arriving the day before her group and was now stuck there alone. It wasn't likely anyone would be going up or down the mountain for a few days. Rob finished the check-in procedure and followed the bellman to his room.

As soon as the bellman left him, Rob plopped down on the big king bed and sighed. Then to himself he said, "Damn what a cluster-fuck! Stuck on top of a mountain, no company to share my bed and I can't even ski, how fucking stupid can a guy be?"

Rob then picked up the phone and tried to call Sara to tell her he was okay. No such luck; the storm had knocked out the telephones. The operator said they had radio contact with people in town though and a message could be sent if he liked. Rob asked them to let Sara know he had arrived safely and would call her as soon as phone service was restored. Not feeling like sitting in his room alone, Rob decided to check out the lobby bar. He figured at least the bartender would be someone to talk to.

When Rob stepped into the dark lounge, he immediately spotted the attractive woman sitting alone at the end of the bar. He assumed that she must be the other stranded lodge guest. Rob paused for a moment to admire her shapely curves, which were clearly visible as she sat on a backless bar stool. She was leaning over the bar, talking with the barmaid. Somehow the fact that a female was tending the bar was a relief to Rob. His immediate thought being, good no competition from a hunky bartender for the pretty lady's attention. Rob walked over to the bar and intentionally sat two stools away from the woman. He did not want to appear overly anxious.

She turned to him and smiled, "Hi, you must be the new guest. Seems you and I will be sharing the place for a couple of days. I am Alice. My friends call my Allie."

"Robert, er Rob," Rob stammered extending his hand. 

Rob was immediately taken by Allie. He wasn't sure why but there was something about her, maybe the smile, that drew him in and he suddenly was overcome with desire. She took his hand and squeezed it. Rob felt as if electricity was running through his body. The bartender took his drink order and Allie suggested that they move to a table. Rob picked up his Seven and Seven and followed Allie to a corner table. He was captivated by the sway of her ass in the clingy cocktail dress she wore. She felt his eyes on her as she slid into the bench. Rob had also immediately captivated Allie, though she had no idea why. He was not handsome in the classic model way and did not have the body of Adonis. But damn he had the nicest smile and his eyes were like windows into a kind gentle soul, she thought

Allie's skirt slid up as she slid into the booth. Rob did not try concealing his obvious interest in her little show. He could see the tops of her nylons and the red garter belt straps that held them in place. As Allie wiggled further in she made no effort to stop the dress from revealing more. To Rob's delight he could now see she wore no panties. He got just the slightest glimpse of her neatly trimmed bush before she covered herself. 

"Come on sit down," Allie said patting the bench next to her.

Rob sat down next to her, but he was tongue-tied. Not knowing what else to do he took a long sip of his drink. Giggling, Allie said that he'd better be careful or he would get drunk drinking so fast. He said that that wasn't a bad idea and signaled the bartender to send over another round. She asked him if he intended to get her drunk too, and then downed the rest of her drink.

"Well it sure wouldn't be the worst way to spend and evening, getting drunk with a beautiful woman," Rob said with a boldness he did not feel. 

Allie touched Rob's hand and asked him if all he wanted to do was get drunk. Rob told her that there were other things he would rather do. Allie leaned over and kissed Rob. It started as a soft, almost friendly, kiss. It grew hotter and harder. The couple's mouths opened and their tongues began to dance. They were so involved in the kiss, that they did not notice the bartender approach with their refills. The bartender noisily set the drinks on the table, startling the couple. Embarrassed, they broke their embrace suddenly and Allie's hand caught the freshly made drink in front of her. Before she could catch it, she was covered in the strawberry daiquiri. 

"Damn, ickkkkk. Cold and sticky!" Allie squealed.

Rob grabbed the towel the bartender offered and tried to help wipe up the mess. Realizing his wiping might be inappropriate, Rob offered the towel to Allie and suggested that perhaps she would want to do that herself. Allie said that nothing but a change of clothes would fix the mess. 

When Rob expressed his disappointment that she was going to leave, Allie said, "Our night doesn't have to end. Why don't you see if the bartender will let you take a bottle of Seagram's upstairs and join me in my room while I change? I am sure I have something in the mini-fridge to mix it with."

Rob walked over to the bar, got the bottle, signed the bar check and they headed up to the room. The bartender chuckled to herself as she closed up shop. She was happy they left so early. As long as she was stuck sleeping in the main lodge and not in her cabin down the mountain, she figured she might as well have time to really enjoy the hunky ski instructor's pole. Her husband wouldn't be back with the Snow cat until morning; he was too busy helping stranded travelers in the valley. 

When the couple arrived at Allie's room she suggested that Rob go to the ice machine. Rob grabbed the bucket and returned quickly with the frozen cubes. He grinned at the thought of needing machine-made ice in the middle of the blizzard of the century. Rob knocked on Allie's door and was greeted with a passionate kiss.

"Oh you haven't changed?" Rob commented almost automatically.

"I was waiting to let you back in first. I need a quick shower and didn't want to leave you standing in the hall. Sticky stuff soaked right through to the skin," Allie said, giggling erotically as only a mature sexy woman can do. "Be right back. Fix the drinks and get comfy."

Rob watched as Allie walked off into the bath area. To his surprise she did not close the door. As he busied himself making drinks, Rob was treated to a partial show. Allie stripped, allowing Rob to see part but not all of her gorgeous curvy body before she stepped into the shower. He felt his cock stir in his Dockers. When the water started running Rob finished making the drinks and sat on the small sofa in the sitting area of Allie's rather large room. He kicked off his shoes and settled in. He wondered if Allie had wanted him to get more comfortable, but did not think it wise to presume she would like finding him waiting for her naked. 

Allie was enjoying the feel of the warm water flowing down her sensuous body. She was thinking how lucky she was to have Rob show up to replace her companion for the weekend. Allie had planned to meet a group of old college friends. It was supposed to be a group of about 14 who had once been an inseparable gang. Allie still saw some of them occasionally but most had drifted apart. Back in college they had shared many great times and several had been lovers to one degree or another. It was college, a time of freedom and experimentation. The man she was to have shared the beautiful mini-suite with was someone Allie saw every now and again. Allie had been having sex with him for so many years now it was more habit than desire. He was a pleasant lover but not adventurous enough for Allie. The excitement Allie felt at the prospect of having sex with a new man, Rob, who so aroused her, was better then the whole weekend of sex with her old lover would have been.

As Allie washed her body, she became more and more aroused. Her body was charged with sexual energy and she knew she needed to calm down or Rob would think her a wanton slut. Allie's soapy fingers found her already hard clit. As Allie rubbed her clit her other hand found the opening to her pussy. She was so turned on she immediately slid two fingers into herself. She needed to cum and was wasting no time. Her fingers slid in and out of her now convulsing sex tunnel as she rubbed her clit harder and faster. As Allie fucked herself her fingers began concentrating on her now swollen g-spot. Allie realized she was moaning audibly and hoped the shower noise was preventing Rob from hearing. Then her body was overtaken by the power of her orgasm. Her moans were louder as she came three times in succession. Her knees felt weak and she dropped to the shower floor. 

Rob heard the faint sounds of Allie's moaning over the shower and at first thought perhaps she sang in the shower. When the moans became full cries of passion and he heard a sound like she had fallen, Rob rushed to the bathroom. His first impulse was to draw back the curtain and see if she was hurt. Somehow he stifled the impulse and just asked her if she was okay. Allie replied that she was, but perhaps the water had been too warm because she felt a little faint. She then said it was a little embarrassing but she was going to need his help to get out of the shower without slipping. Rob told her that he would protect her modesty as best he could. He reached in and turned the water off before retrieving a towel for Allie. Allie covered herself somewhat with the towel and Rob helped her to her feet. Rob could not resist when Allie wrapped her arms arm his neck for support. He kissed her softly and gently on her puffy sensuous lips. Allie returned his kiss, moaning softly into his beard. The kiss broke and Rob handed Allie the plush terry robe the hotel provided.

"You okay now, babe?" Rob asked with genuine concern.

"Yes, thank you dear man. The water must have been too hot. Go get comfy I will be right in," Allie replied, smiling and looking deep into Rob's amazingly sexy brown eyes.

Rob retreated to the living room. As he walked he adjusted his engorged cock to a more comfortable position. Allie was a beauty, and despite his best efforts at protecting her modesty, Rob had seen enough of her gorgeous body to arouse a monk. Rob took a long pull and downed the rest of his drink. Just as he returned to his seat on the sofa with a fresh drink, Allie stepped into the room.

Allie captivated Rob as she walked toward him. She seemed to glide across the room, in her sheer red silk robe, worn over a matching short nightgown. The translucent material of the gown clung to Allie's beautifully rounded breasts and her silver dollar size areolas were clearly visible. Allie's hard nipples formed points in the silk as if begging Rob to suckle. Her neatly trimmed pubic bush served to guide Rob's eyes to her enticing womanhood. 

"Oh dear, you don't look very comfy," Allie purred. "We need to get you out of those restricting slacks. If you are shy there is an extra hotel robe in the dressing room."

Rob stood and began slowly removing his trousers. "I'm not shy ma'am. I just didn't want to be presumptuous," Rob said as his Dockers fell to the plush hotel carpet.

Allie giggled at Rob's use of the word ma'am to address her. She said a silent thank you to whatever god had delivered this sexy charming man to her bed. Rob stepped out of his pants, picked them up, neatly folded them and tossed them casually on a chair. Then he slowly unbuttoned his shirt, slipped it off and laid it over the back of the chair. Allie had taken a seat on the sofa and was breathing heavily as she watched Rob strip for her. This simple act seemed amazingly erotic to her. She felt the juices begin to flow again in her pussy. Rob stood for a moment, his cock outlined against the black knit boxer-briefs that clung to his body. Rob felt Allie's eyes on him, almost boring through him.

Embolden by the drinks, or perhaps the fact that he was already nearly naked, Rob moved his hands to the waistband of his under shorts and said in a deep sexy tone, "Seen enough, or shall I keep going?"

"Not yet, stud," Allie replied as she reached for Rob and pulled him to her.

As Rob moved closer to Allie, his crotch lined up with her face. Allie reached behind Rob and cupped her hands onto his full ass checks. She pulled him forward until his bulging crotch was just inches from her puffy red lips. He could feel her breath on his thighs as her mouth moved ever closer to him. Allie squeezed Rob's ass as her lips made contact with the black knit material. Rob gasped when Allie began to gently bite his inflated cock through his now taut shorts. Allie looked up at Rob for a sign to continue. Rob smiled at her and moved his hands to her head, entangling his fingers in her flowing hair. Allie began nibbling harder along the length of Rob's twitching shaft. She slid her fingers inside the leg of Rob's shorts and lightly tickled his balls as she kissed his now aching cock through the knit material.

"Oh, godddddddddd, Yesssssss Baby!!!!!!!" Rob cried out, "That feels unbelievable!"

Rob couldn't believe what Allie was doing to him and how he was reacting. Allie was beginning to squirm on the sofa. Rob's obvious enjoyment and the sounds of sexual heat he was making were driving her wild with desire. She pulled Rob's shorts down and began licking his cock like a kitten laps up a bowl of fresh cream. Rob's entire body tensed as Allie bathed his throbbing shaft with her hot wet tongue. Suddenly Allie swallowed Rob's cock. Rob gasped in both ecstasy and amazement as he found himself buried balls deep in Allie's talented mouth. She had easily taken his thick shaft into her mouth and down her throat. Allie bobbed up and down on Rob for several strokes, and he knew if he didn't stop her, he would be shooting his hot thick cum down her throat any second.

He pulled his cock out of her mouth and dropped to the floor between her legs. Allie watched Rob intently as he reached up and slowly untied the ribbon of silk holding her robe closed. The robe fell open and Allie dropped her shoulders slightly, allowing it to fall back further. Rob gently caressed Allie's breasts through the silk nightie. He ran his thumbs over Allie's hard nipples causing tingling shivers to run through her electrically charged body. She was nearly out of control with desire. It was all Allie could do to maintain her composure. All she could think of was climbing onto Rob, sliding her hot dripping pussy over his thick manhood and then riding him until he exploded in orgasm while her pussy sucked every drop of cum from his balls. When Rob dropped his hands to her thighs, Allie squealed loudly. Rob slid Allie's nightgown up, revealing all of her sexual charms. He licked his lips as he gazed upon her puffy labia and glistening pleasure slit and imagined his first taste of her. Rob bent down and kissed the shaved areas around her enticing mound. He sucked and licked the sensitive hairless skin, causing Allie to thrash around on the sofa.

"Oh fuck, lick my pussy NOW!!!!!!!!!" Allie screamed as she pushed his head down lower.

Rob eagerly complied with Allie's command. He spread her pussy wide with his fingers and slid his tongue into her quivering pussy. Rob was immediately rewarded with the sweet taste of her nectar. He lapped at her, drinking in as much of her ample juices as he could. Allie ran her hands through Rob's hair and forced him down hard between her legs. She was no longer in control of her actions or her words.

"Eat me good, you hot sexy fucker!" she cried out between screams of animal-like passion. 

Rob replaced his tongue with two fingers and began massaging Allie's swelling pleasure spot deep inside her pussy. Her swollen pink folds of flesh caressed his tongue as he licked up her slit slowly. He pushed the tip of his tongue under her rapidly receding hood and began licking her hard clit. He lapped at her engorged nub flicking it with total abandon. Allie's climax was building, she felt as if she was going to explode with pleasure. Her breathing was ragged, the moaning intense. Allie ground her crotch into Rob's face. Her juices dripped from his beard and ran down her silky thighs. Rob's lips and teeth raked Allie's clit and her whole body convulsed. She screamed as her body and mind went over the edge. Her orgasm gripped her. Allie was now like a wild bitch in heat. She humped Rob's fingers hard and pulled his hair as she tried to force her clit in his mouth. Allie felt as if she would pass out as yet another wave hit her. Rob wondered if he would smother before she quit cumming. After Allie's third or fourth climax, she had no idea anymore how much she had cum, but finally let go of Rob's head. He lifted his head and looked into her eyes as she continued to enjoy her ecstasy. Watching her slowly return to reality, Rob ached to fuck her and fill her with his thick sticky cum.
