 Standing outside, in the cold air, looking up at the stars. Not moving, just listening to the sounds of the night. Nothing is stirring. The air is cold on my skin where the blanket that I am wrapped in doesn’t cover me. Nothing on but a pair of moccasins. The stars are bright in the night sky and the moonlight is bright.

I think of the hot springs just behind the cabin that I stay in when I am in Colorado. Good night for a soak. Pulling the blanket tighter around my naked body, I move silently in that direction. My feet know the path well after all these years. Nothing to bother me, I can hear anything that approaches a hundred feet away. No neighbors within miles so I should be okay to do this, like the many times I have done it before.

The spring is better than I remember. Too many things have happened since I was here last. To many broken promises and words that weren’t meant. I need time to just rest and relax. To get to know me again and to heal. I need the quiet and the solitude. To much water under the bridge I think to myself as I step out of the blanket and mocassins. The bottom of the spring is white sand, so the water is clear.

Stepping gently into the water, it feels so good. Warm and gentle, like being wrapped in a lover. Moving into the deeper center, water sliding up my body. The feeling of well being rising up my body as the water level moves higher on me. I find the big rock that sits in nearly the middle of the water and sit on it to just soak awhile. To let my mind wander and rest. Not to look back, not to look forward, just looking. With my feet on the rock, propped just right, I can put my elbows on my knees and prop my chin in my hands. All but my neck, head, and hands remain under the water. 

Startled out of that mind numbing state by a sound, I look up. Bears or wolves either one are not uncommon here. But usually they try to stay away from people. Out of the woods steps a shape. With the moonlight I can see what looks to be a wolf. It makes a straight line for the pool that I am in. I don’t move and I know I am upwind of it. Then it stops at the water’s edge. It looks me in the eye with a wagging tail. Not a wolf, but a really big German Shepard. A young dog from the looks of it. He has a collar and tags.  I hear more noise in the underbrush around the pond. Out steps another form, this one on two legs. The dog relaxes and I figure that it must be his person. A man, a big man moves quietly to the edge of the pond. “I see you found my dog”.

“Actually your dog seems to have found me” I replied. The dog’s tail is going nuts under the water and when he stands on four feet I end up soaked from the spray that he is throwing off. He moves somewhat and then settles back down. I look at the man to see him soaked as well. My laughter is loud and clear. I just couldn’t help it. I wasn’t the least bit afraid, but he didn’t look very pleased. 

“Since you are already wet, you might as well join me”. He looks at me, intensely. I could see the brain working. Him deciding if this was a good thing or not. I tell him that since the dog was not in a hurry to leave, maybe he shouldn’t be either. My brain must have suddenly kicked into gear, as I realized what I had said. Here I was, naked as the day that I was born, and I was inviting a stranger to share my pond with me. He was a big man and with the water, I was suddenly unsure if I could protect myself if needed.

He stood and shook himself. I told him that if it made him more comfortable that I would either turn my back or close my eyes until he was safety in the water and said it was okay to look. He raised an eyebrow at that. Then I got the best smile that I think that I have ever seen. I closed my eyes and listened intently. I heard the shoes thud when they hit the ground, the belt being undone, and then a short pause. Next sound was him stepping into the water. I peeked, he was a big man, more like a big teddy bear, one meant for snuggling. Not fat, just a big man. All over.

I sensed him standing in front of me. The dog had quieted down and was now lying on the bank watching him. I moved over to share my rock, but the man seemed content to just stand. I could see his clothing hung over various branches of the undergrowth to dry. I looked at this bear of a man and thought what a kindly face he had. Without a thought in my brain, I reached out and gently touched his face. He never moved, just stood there. Finally his eyes closed, and he let out a breath. 

My hand was soon stroking down his face, under his jaw, and down his neck. He stepped closer to me and I moved my knees so that my legs were spread far enough apart that he could stand between them. I felt his hands on my hips, not moving, just holding lightly onto me, so that I didn’t slip off the rock. Fingers started to lightly caress my hips. He leaned in close and looked into my eyes. Pulling back a little, he then just smiled a sad smile and shook his head.

I felt hands moving in, towards the center of me, as my hands traveled down his body. I reached his cock and was surprised by what I found there. No overly sized, but a very nice girth and hard to the touch already. I felt the first touch of his fingers on my outer lips at the same time. Then just a single finger, carefully probing into me. I spread my legs, tilted my head back, and closed my eyes. He immediately stopped. I just looked at him. The second that I made eye contact he started again. Now I knew what he wanted. To look into my eyes, to see into my soul. 

He was very soothing as he fingered me to that first orgasm. My world exploded, behind my eyes, into bright lights. My body shuddered and I started to slide forward on the rock when he caught me. It took me a minute or so to stop the trembling and to stand on my own. Moving out of the water, I stopped and put my mocs back on and wrapped myself in the blanket. I gathered up his clothing and started to walk off. The dog stood and patiently waited. He came out of the water and followed me down the path to the cabin. I was waiting with the door open and the fire lit when he appeared at the door.

He looked into the cabin with approval. He stepped thru the doorway, and watched as I sunk to the floor on the bison rug that was there. Hand motions put the dog in a lying position next to the now closed door. I felt him sink down beside me. His arms gathered me into him. My body was chilled and the warmth of his felt good. I opened my eyes and looked at him, wondering what was coming next. I soon found out.

I was very relaxed and my body opened immediately for him. He entered the me very slowly, staying shallow at first. He had to be feeling the gentle contractions around him, causing him to go a little deeper with each stroke, pausing at the furthest point of penetration to allow me to feel the difference in his strokes each time. When he was about 75% deep on a stoke he changed strategy by shifting his body forward so that each inward stroke was centered directly with a small increase in speed, but each stroke outward was putting increased pressure on my clit, acting like a small charge of electricity. 

My hot, wet cunt was holding him as firm as possible with spasms by now. He begin to slow each outward stroke down until he was almost at a standstill when he would withdraw. Sliding his weight a little lower on my body. He didn't waste time. Turning his attention to my breasts. Starting by only kissing them. Lightly at first. Acting as if it is was his first kiss with me. 

A tiny bit of tongue across a nipple, lifting a breast with his cheek so that he could put kisses and licks on the sensitive underside. At the same time he begin to caress me between my legs with his fingers again. Not with 5, but with all ten. Some would rub and some would lightly flit across my lower lips like a feather. Slowly going to only 2 fingers rubbing my clit and with the other hand rubbing his cock in an up and down motion across my lips. Picking up the pace as I begin to have another orgasm. 

Then, he stopped suddenly, and withdrew leaving only his fingers. As I came back down to earth, he inserted himself just below his fingers. His fingers were in up to the first knuckle and moved very slowly so as not to cause hurt or harm to me. Slowly, he thrust himself inside me, a little deeper at a time. When he was in as deeply as I could possibly stand, he begin to thrust faster, not in a hell bent for leather fashion, just a leisurely pace. Using his fingers to rub in and out, in and out, always slower than his cock was moving, but always maintaining pressure on my clit. A little more each time. 

I actually squirted, screaming in pleasure. By the time he moved away, I was barely capable of breathing. He moved off, and gathered me in his arms. I snuggled into his chest, drifting into sweet dreams of that lone spring out back, a bear, and a wolf.