 Thank you for all the positive comments I received on the first part of this story. I also appreciate those who expressed concern for my husband. While I write primarily in first person (because I feel it makes for a better read), my stories are purely fiction and not autobiographical in any way. I am working on a sci-fi erotic story in second person that might please some of you more.

The Taekwondo Instructor, Part II

Tony was a smart enough man to know acknowledging me any more than he had before our tryst would be unwise. I'm not sure how he fully understood my need for discretion, but he did. He would greet me if the opportunity arose but never did more than engage in a moment or two of small talk.

However, a few weeks later, Tony stopped me as class was ending. "Mrs. Burns, if you're not too busy, could you speak with me a moment?" He asked. "Testing is coming up for orange belts and I was hoping you might be willing help organize the roster."

"Of course, Mr. Fredricks." I smiled, hopefully evenly. "Let me get my son changed and sent off with our friends."

Once caring for my son, I looked for Tony but didn't see him near the reception area so I walked back to the restrooms to visit the ladies'. As per our earlier tryst, Tony was waiting for me in the narrow hallway. He had changed out of his uniform jacket and belt to a t-shirt. "Beth," he whispered, mouth close to my chestnut brown hair. "Could we...again..."

I pulled back and said aloud, "Mr. Fredricks, why don't you walk me to my car while we talk about what I can for you?"

We walked out together, Tony stopping at the front desk to tell the receptionist he'd be back in a moment. Seeing as how she'd heard our initial exchange I was hoping she didn't expect a thing. Once outside and away from eavesdroppers, the urgency in his voice returned. "Mrs. Burns, ah, Beth, I cannot stop thinking about you, about the little bit of time we shared."

"Tony," I started, "you know I'm married. You've shown me you understand my need to keep things quiet. While my husband and I have an 'arrangement,' I simply cannot start anything serious. A few evenings, a couple good fucks...that's all I can offer."

He sighed, "I know. I know all of that. But I need more than a half hour in the storage room. Please. I'm not asking for anything serious. Could you...tonight? Outside the studio? Your place, maybe? Just for a few hours."

We had been walking side by side, but I turned to look at him in the eyes. "Tonight. The little guy isn't due home until 8:00. That gives us about 4 hours. But not my place. I have a strict rule about that."

He leaned in a bit. "My place, then? It's close. I can blow off my class this evening and make it up tomorrow. Nice thing about being a black belt. There are classes nearly every day." He motioned to my car. "Wait for me. You can follow me there. I've got to go make up an excuse." The man turned into a boy as he spoke so quickly he could barely get the words out.

I sat in my car quietly waiting the few minutes it took Tony to gather his gear and make an excuse about missing his class. I generally didn't get too involved with any of my affairs, but I did have two or three men I could count on if I became too lonely through the week. Tony had proven himself as a good lover, what little we'd been able to experience of each other. The question remained if he could honor my request of keeping things strictly casual.

True to his word the boy came practically skipping out of the studio 5 minutes later and hopped into his car. He motioned for me to follow the 7 or so blocks to his apartment. Like apartments of most young bachelors, it was sparsely furnished with mostly second-hand furniture. However he did have the discipline of keeping the place cleaner than most I'd seen. "Not much." He said offering me a seat on the clean but aging couch, "But as you've probably heard, I don't really have my act together enough to afford anything better."

"I've heard," I said, "But what does that mean?"

"Well, I moved here to go to college, but dropped out halfway through last year. I just wasn't interested. Since I was dating someone here, I stayed in the area. But I've had trouble finding a decent job, mostly because I don't have much desire to look. The taekwondo studio doesn't pay me much. I teach for free as a requirement of my belt, but they pay me to help run the office and organize student promotions." He leaned back on his end of the couch and ran a hand through his short hair. "When you don't have a job, and don't have any aspirations, girls don't stick around long. That's what happened with Julie, the girl I was dating. She wanted more from me, from us. I loved her, but I couldn't give her what she wanted."

"And what did she want?"

"We met at school. She thought she was getting a college man. When I dropped out, she tried to stick it out, but things changed with us. She was looking for someone who could make a good husband. I'm not anywhere close to being ready for that." He chuckled, looking at me.

"Listen, I'm sorry I sounded so desperate back at the studio. Everything I said is true, but it's not like I can't get some if I wanted it. But I felt cheated we had to settle for a quickie." He cleared his throat. "Do you want something to drink? I don't have much, but I've got a couple beers, water, might be a sports drink or two...."

"A beer would be good." I said settling in to the couch a bit. Tony had calmed down some, and I was in no hurry. We had a few hours. The only thing waiting for me at home was a mountain of dirty laundry.

We drank our beer and talked earnestly for an hour or so. I asked how he imagined it would be appropriate to approach me. As I suspected, he had no idea I was old enough to be his mother. He confessed he had caught my friend and I watching him, chuckling together in the corner. He also confessed that my love for skirts and skimpy panties was not as much a secret as I thought. Apparently from his vantage point while instructing the kids, if my skirt rode up just enough when I crossed my legs, he normally got a pretty good up-shot. He mistook this as a suggestion I might be open to a tryst eventually. The first time we bumped into each other in the hallway near the ladies' room wasn't nearly as accidental as I had thought.

"And just so you know," Tony added, "pretty much all the other moms know you go braless most of the time. When you wear those sleeveless blouses, you can see right through the armhole." It was not news to me. It was also not something I was particularly concerned about. I've never found anything shameful about the human body or any of its parts.

"Too hot to wear a bra in the summer." I said casually, flipping my hair out of my face. "Besides if you had these beauties, would you want to strangle them like that?" I ran my hands down the side of each breast and cupped it underneath. My breasts are average size. A good B cup, but even at 40, they are still pert. Most women my age wear a bra mostly to hold their boobs up in their proper place. Not mine. While, softening, they defy age by refusing to sag - much.

Tony leaned forward to run his fingertips across the front of one breast, still offered up toward him, teasing the edge of lace around the scoop neckline of my knit shirt. "If I had those, I'd never be able to stop playing with them. I love pert, round tits."

I laughed. "You'd look pretty funny with my breasts." Tony continued to run his fingertips up and down the breast closest to him, his smile at our light talk fading into lust.

"Perhaps so, Beth. I'll let you keep them as long as I can play with them."

My response was a groan as Tony turned his attentions to my other breast, teasing the nipple to life with his thumb. Scooting closer to him on the couch, I leaned in to kiss him fully. Again he tasted of cucumbers and licorice, sweet and acidic. It was a taste I was beginning to feel familiar with. My hands went around his neck, pulling him closer, savoring in the warmth and strength of his body. He was right; Tony had so much to offer, settling for a quickie was cheating ourselves.

"Let's try this in my bedroom." Tony stood up, reaching for my hand. I took it and let him lead me down the short hall to the one bedroom in his apartment. It was as sparsely furnished as the living room, but the furniture looked newer.

"Queen size bed for one person? I know where your priorities are." I grinned.

Tony didn't respond, but rather faced me to pull my shirt over my head. He stepped back to admire my breasts, the topic of our recent conversation, for a moment. Then reaching down, he pulled his own t-shirt over his head. I took my time to admire his muscled chest while he moved in closer to me again. His expert hands brushed over my breasts, coming to rest so my nipples were nestled in the palm of his hands before he oh so gently began to knead each breast. While the left hand continued his ministrations, the right cupped up so his fingers met my nipple, pinching and rolling it slightly. The action made me shudder and gasp, which was quickly smothered with a long kiss. My legs began to weaken as our tongues danced in each other's mouths.

(I made a mental note to ask where he'd gotten so experienced because I remembered 20 year old boys as being awkward and unsure).

Not breaking our kiss or the attentions Tony was giving to my breasts, I moved the two steps to the bed and with my hands on his upper arms, lowered us both to a sitting position on the edge of the bed. I reached to intertwine my fingers in his short black hair, holding him to me, using my tongue to part his lips further and driving it practically down his throat. He responded by pinching my nipple sharply, which caused me to cry out in pleasure-pain against his mouth. My juices warmed through my pussy, leaking out into the tiny bit of cloth my black g-string provided.

Suddenly I didn't care about taking our time to enjoy ourselves during this tryst. Suddenly I wanted his mouth on my tit and his penis buried to the hilt in my cunt. I tried to push his head down but he resisted, moving instead to my neck, biting, licking, sucking, kissing.

"No marks," was all I was able to gasp, pushing at his shoulders and leaning back on the bed at the same time.

Once my back on the bed with my feet still on the floor., he pulled my hands off his shoulders and pinned my arms to the bed near my own shoulders. "We have time today," he growled. "No rushing me." Keeping me pinned, he returned to my neck, kissing and licking, teeth lightly razing it from time to time. "You don't know how hard it is not to bite down." He mumbled lustily against my collar bone.

I struggled against his weight, but only half-heartedly. Truth was, being pinned was only turning me on more, and I bucked my hips up to meet his flexed thigh positioned between my legs. Grinding my still clothed pussy into his thigh, I groaned loudly, uncontrollably. "Please, Tony, please suck my tits."

He raised up to look in my lust crazed, pleading eyes. I could have almost cum just from the look he gave me, his deep blue eyes piercing me all the way to my dripping cunt. "Give them to me." He almost ordered releasing my hands. "Like you did in the living room."

"Anything, anything you want," I begged wildly. "Just suck them." I wasted no time moving my hands down the sides of each breast and held them up to Tony. He lifted the leg I was grinding over my other leg to straddle me completely. When he leaned in to teasingly lick one hard nipple, I could feel his rock hard cock nearly bursting out of his uniform pants.

One of Tony's hands grabbed a tit roughly while his mouth teased the other nipple even harder. He sucked it in and swirled his tongue around it, then pulled back slowly, capturing it between his teeth just hard enough to send spasms down my back. Fuck offering my tits to him. I let go and grabbed the back of his head with so much force, he was nearly knocked off balance. My other hand snaked down his strong back. Once I found the waistband of his pants I plunged my hand in, cruelly digging fingernails into his firm ass. It was his turn to groan loudly, crying out and driving his cock into my still clothed mound.

"You're a greedy little thing, aren't you?" He hissed against my breast, the vibrations sending even more shivers down my spine. "Alright, bitch. You asked for it. You've got it." And in one smooth motion Tony picked me up as he stood and tossed me completely onto the bed. He stripped off his pants, that glorious 7 incher springing out suddenly, and stood over me before I fully realized what happened. He fumbled only momentarily with the front zipper of my white denim shorts (Oh, why hadn't I worn a skirt today?) before lifting my legs and jerking the shorts off. Had my g-string not been stuffed almost completely in my dripping slit, it would have come off involuntarily at the same time.

Tony stood over his conquest staring down at me while stroking his cock. He put one knee on the bed between my legs and grabbed the waistband of my g-string jerking tightly upward. The floss in my cunt and ass dug further in, the pain exquisite. A loud cry escaped my lips. 

Tony stopped momentarily, afraid he'd taken things too far, and leaned over me for a reassuring kiss. I kissed him gently, running my fingers through his hair. "Truce." I rasped, grinning. "No more rushing you, but please, I need something in my pussy."

The boy needed no further invitation or reassurance. Stopping to kiss my collarbone, breasts, tummy, hip, and inner thigh, teasingly on the way down, his mouth finally reached my pussy. His hot breath only added to the heat between my legs. While he licked the edges of my puffy lips, a finger snaked under a free flap of fabric on my g-string and pulled it out of my slit. I raised my hips so Tony could pull it off completely. He then slid two fingers into my pussy, pumping slowly, savoring the feeling. His head rested on my inner thigh while he watched himself finger fuck me. I writhed on the bed, fighting the urge to shove his mouth over my cunt.

Finally Tony's thumb found my aching clit and began massaging it in no particular hurry. I was so frenzied I knew my orgasm wouldn't take long. I closed my eyes, my hand in Tony's hair, and just concentrated on the sensation of his fingers in me and his thumb rubbing my button. His actions picked up speed and he applied a bit more pressure to my throbbing clit. A liquid warmth spread down my legs and up my stomach, causing me to buck my hips. The weight of Tony resting on one thigh prevented much movement, resulting in me twisting under his touch. Colored lights began to flash in my head. A loud moan escaped my lips as my toes curled. "Just a little harder." I managed to gasp, pushing my mound harder against Tony's thumb. I slid my hand out of his hair and down to my open slit to replace Tony's fingers when he pulled them out to work my clit harder.

"Oh...oh...oh..." was all I could manage when my orgasm washed over my body, sending shivers and shudders through my whole body. Tony's thumb and hand slowed their attentions and I pulled my fingers out of my pussy, collapsing into the bed. He climbed back up my body, as I gasped for breath, leaning over me. He offered me his fingers soaked with my juices and I sucked them lustily. I could feel his cock against my leg, jumping in anticipation. I reached down to stroke it, raising my hips up to meet it dangling between my legs. Just the tip of his penis brushed my wet mound and Tony groaned appreciatively. He leaned in even further, while I guided his cock into my still spasming pussy.

He slid the head in slowly, pulling back slightly, then sliding himself in further. I looked at his face, eyes tightly closed, jaw tensed as if he were doing everything to resist plunging into me at once. I wrapped my legs around his butt, pulling him into me even further, groaning in pleasure at the feeling of his shaft sliding along my dripping tunnel. Tony barely moved but moaned is his own pleasure. With my legs I pulled him in further still, raising my hips to meet the thrust. With that, Tony made the last thrust to enter me fully. I felt his cock at the back of my tunnel, his legs parting mine wider. I wrapped them tighter around his butt, holding him into me. I could feel his cock jump inside me.

Tony pulled back against my firm grip and I relaxed just enough to let him. Once he slid almost all the way out of my hole, he thrust forward suddenly driving his cock as far into me as our bodies would allow. I cried out, wildly grabbing his butt with my legs and his shoulders with my hands. He slid out again and again thrust into me hard. This time he pulled back and began stroking his pole in and out, increasing speed. I struggled to match his pace for a moment before our bodies melded into one being, rising and falling, rising and falling.

My mouth met Tony's and we kissed passionately, parting each other's lips with our own tongues, sucking, fucking, writhing, moaning, thrusting, falling. His cock banged against the end of my tunnel and his balls slapped against my ass. We were both moaning incomprehensible words into the other's mouth. My mind was screaming "Fuck me!" over and over.

Suddenly there was more urgency to Tony's moans. I felt his balls stiffen as they hit my ass on each thrust. His penis grew even harder and jerked inside me. He bit my lip in his frenzy and his thrusts became faster. He pinned my shoulders to the bed with his upper body, driving himself into me harder, his face now buried in my hair and the blanket bunched beside my head. I tightened my grasp on his ass with my legs and gripped his shoulders with my hands. "Yes, yes, yes." he hissed into my ear, urging me to meet his thrusts, by pulling him into me and raising my hips to meet his at the same time. I vaguely wondered how I'd walk tomorrow. My leg muscles ached and my cunt burned, the pain driving me further. With a loud moan and a thrust that nearly drove me through the bed, Tony came deep inside me, filling my pussy with his seed in one, two, three long hard spasms. He collapsed, exhausted and spent, with all his weight on me, penis still buried in my cunt, hard breath blowing in my ear and hair. I held him in with my now more relaxed legs still wrapped around his.

Later, lying together, Tony quietly stroking my hair, I asked him how he understood so easily I needed to be discrete with him. He turned to look at me, slightly embarrassed. "I have a fondness," he started, "uhm...for women older than me. And most older women tend to be married."

While getting dressed to leave I pulled on my shorts, but left my g-string hiding just under the bed where it fell. In the growing darkness of his bedroom I couldn't find it and didn't feel like spending the time looking for it. Tony had drifted off to sleep a few minutes before, so leaving him snoozing, I slipped out of his apartment quietly.

The next time Tony saw me at Taekwondo practice, he pulled me aside after class. "I have something of yours." He whispered.

I smiled, knowing. "Keep it until I'm over there again." I whispered back, turning quickly to walk away before we raised any eyebrows.