 It had been years since we had seen each other, but the memory of those intimate moments we shared had haunted me in my dreams and fantasies throughout our separation. Then, one day, out of nowhere, her name appeared on an email in my private account. I could scarcely believe my eyes! Could it really be her, the woman whose face and body had followed me through the years in the hidden recesses of my mind's eye? I opened the email. My heart was racing and my breathing was shallow! It was her, and she said she had been looking for me for years! Stunned, I quickly replied. Several email correspondences passed between us over the course of the next two days, and we established a rendezvous for the following week. Thus began our long goodbye.

I first met Cheryl in the early '80's. She was a graduate student working part time in a bar, and I was a laborer going through a rough spot in my marriage. We were both so young back then that we didn't realize how dangerous our passion could be. Or maybe the danger was part of the thrill we found in each other's arms, but I'm getting ahead of myself here. Let me tell you about the way things were back then. 

One night, after working the evening shift, I walked into a seedy bar inhabited by rough looking men and plain looking women with heavy makeup lounging against pool tables and swilling beer by the pitcher. The jukebox was blaring "Sweet Home Alabama," and the sawdust strewn across the floor filled my nostrils with a heavy pine scent mixed with the smoke that seemed to envelop the entire room. I knew this place was just what I needed after breaking my back for eight hours on a tediously, mind numbing job. I walked up to the bar to order a beer.

I would like to tell you that I was awestruck by the young woman behind the bar, but the fact of the matter is that I was too concerned about drinking too pay much attention to her, at first. After all, my job sucked, I had a huge mortgage hanging over my head, my wife was quickly becoming a perpetual nag, and I was only 22 years old! I just wanted to get drunk and forget it all! The first beer didn't last long, and, when I ordered a second, Cheryl brought it to me and smiled. Wow! It had been so long since a woman genuinely smiled at me, and here was this pretty young lady standing there in front of me with a sweet smile on her lips. That was all it took! I struck up a conversation, and we talked until they closed the place down. Of course, she had to keep serving the customers and help to clean up prior to closing, but, in between her chores, we talked about everything from music to literature, from art to romance, all of the things that make life worthwhile. To say that I was smitten, would be an understatement. I offered her a ride home after work, and she accepted.

On the way to her place, I decided to fess up. I told her that I found her incredibly attractive, but I was a married man. She thanked for my honesty and, when we got to her apartment, invited me in. I couldn't believe my luck!

Throughout the course of that evening, I rediscovered the joys of romance. We talked for hours until, eventually, I found the courage to kiss her. The feeling was electrifying as our lips touched. I pulled away for a moment to look into her eyes and make sure I was reading her response correctly. The look that I saw there was one of pure adoration and lust. I grabbed her and kissed her again, harder this time, my lips crushing hers and my tongue thrusting into her mouth where she suckled it like a starved infant on its mother's breast. I ran my fingers through her hair and down her spine causing her to shiver beneath my touch. I lowered my mouth to her neck and ravished her soft throat: kissing, sucking, and nibbling while she tossed her head, sending her hair cascading across my face. She groaned so softly under my assault that it was almost like a cat purring deep in her throat. My hands flew to her breasts and began groping and pawing them as her chest heaved beneath my fingertips. We were like two animals in heat, pawing and clawing at one another's clothing in order to find the treasures that lie beneath. I pulled myself away long enough to remove my tee shirt, which had become drenched with sweat, and watched in awe as she followed suit, exposing her glorious breasts to me encased in a lacy white bra that barely held them. The tops of her tits spilled over and beckoned me, singing a sirens' song of temptation, and my mind reeled. As I bent to kiss these heaving mounds of succulent flesh, her perfume assailed my nostrils and sent me reeling farther away from my grasp on reality. I lowered her bra strap and exposed her left breast to my eager mouth. I took her erect nipple into my mouth and suckled it ravenously. The purring in her throat became a guttural growl, and she grasped my swollen cock through my jeans. I nearly exploded right then, but closed my eyes to focus on controlling myself under her manual assault.

I pulled myself away and rose to my feet, quickly discarding my remaining clothing and watching in awe and admiration as she did the same. Her raven hair, red lipstick and flashing eyes did nothing to detour my ardor. And, as my gaze traveled down her body, I was treated to a view of her soft tits, whose areolas were peppered with goose flesh around her elongated nipples, and her neatly trimmed bush which I knew guarded the gateway to bliss. 

She knelt down before me and slowly took me into her mouth, my stiff rod gradually disappearing between her moist, red lips. She didn't stop until she had taken my entire length and the bulbous head of my cock was lodged in the top of her throat. Then she slowly pulled off of me, looking up into my eyes, and I was treated to the view of her cheeks puffing out as her sweet lips receded over my now throbbing cock.

I knew that I would not be able to control for very long under such exquisite circumstances, so I decided it was my turn to return the favor. I eased her down onto the floor and kissed her, leading her tongue in a slow waltz and smelling and tasting myself on her breath. I knew she would eagerly accept my tongue, so I dove to my work. As my face disappeared between her spread legs, she ground herself against it. My tongue found her labia, and I teasingly traced her opening, basking in her sweet stickiness and savoring the juices which were leaking from her intimate opening. She shuddered, then grabbed my hair and pulled my face forward, driving my tongue into her. I obliged her by twirling my tongue as I used it as a minuscule cock, fucking her as deeply as my tongue could plunge into her. The bridge of my nose rubbed against her clit as I slung my head from side to side and she came, bucking against my drenched face. 

I wanted to feel her pussy ensheathing me, so I came up for air just long enough to plant a passionate kiss on her mouth as I plunged my entire length into her. The taste of our mingled sexual juices and the feeling of her tight pussy drove me to slam into her. Over and over, I pushed myself into her, and she responded by rising up to meet each thrust. I reached down and manipulated her clitoris with my finger as I drove into her, and she howled like a banshee climaxing with my manhood buried inside her. Her pussy muscles clenched and spasmed, and I shot a tremendous load of scorching cum up from my balls and into her steaming hole. Panting, I collapsed into her arms and lay there for what seemed like an eternity, but was in actuality just a few minutes.

As I gazed into her sweetly smiling face, I noticed a clock on a shelf behind her. It was nearly 5 o'clock in the morning, and I had been expected home from work before midnight! Damn! I quickly made my apologies to Cheryl for having to rush off and thanked her for a terrific evening. She then surprised me by handing me her phone number and telling me that I had better damned well call her. A passionate kiss goodbye was exchanged, and I was out of the door. That first night was the beginning of a torrid affair which lasted for several years. Cheryl disappeared from my life several times, only to come back for more passion at the most unexpected times. We learned to keep our romantic interludes secret from our respective spouses but continued to thrill in our sexual exploits. But, since I had not seen or heard from her for several years, I had assumed that she was gone from my life forever. The email I mentioned earlier put that thought to rest and now she was coming back into my life yet again. Oh, yes. I was going to tell you about what happened when we met this last time; wasn't I? I'm afraid that story will have to wait for another time. That is, if you can keep this one a secret!