 PART 1: LITTLE CORNER OFFICE

It all began when I needed a bigger allowance to feed my addition to gadgets. I had been working several part-time jobs, including being a courier in my district.

So I asked my courier company to hand me more shifts, and got assigned to deliver evenings to the commercial district. The commercial district was refurbished from rows of very old, low-rise shophouses. Today, they house air-conditioned modern offices.

I was puzzled that so many offices would be open after normal working hours, but many actually operated through the night as their businesses covered several time zones.

On my first assignment, the supervisor had me send three items. The last addressee was hard to locate. Luckily a phone number was on the parcel, and I called. A female voice answered and gave me directions. No wonder I was lost! The office was in a secluded corner of the complex, and only reachable by an inconspicuous lift retrofitted into the shophouse façade.

I pressed "4" on the panel and the doors opened to a small, private lobby, adorned by pots of plastic plants in corners and a bench for waiting visitors. The actual entrance to the office was a thick wooden door with an opening at eye level, so staff could see who's calling. The whole place looked homey -- more private residence than office.

Upon ringing, the door slit opened and suddenly my trip was worthwhile. There appeared a gorgeous face: fair, chiselled cheeks; shimming, re-bonded hair; large, iridescent eyes looking right into me.

After an awkward pause, I remembered my job. "Er, delivery...."

"Ah!" she chirped. "You managed to find this place!"

"Er, not without your help!"

"I got lost too, when I first started working here," she chimed.

Since that friendly exchange, I hoped to be mesmerized by that pretty face and melodious voice again....

X X X

On my next delivery to the secluded office, the pretty office lady recognized me. She asked if I was a full-time courier because I looked 'a little young'. I explained that I was a student doing this for the extra money.

"That's good. Everyone should get some working experience as young as possible. It helps!" She quipped.

"And.... what.... about you?" I took the chance get to know the pretty-face better.

"Ohhh, I work here, as you can see. I'm actually a secretary, but my job involves taking overseas calls. So I work the night shift because it's office hours in the foreign offices."

"You're alone?"

"Yup."

"Must be pretty lonely all by yourself, night after night."

She exhaled a short sigh, cut short probably because she realized it improper to complain to a stranger. "What-to-do? Just do what the company says."

"What does your company, er, do?"

She gave a lengthy explanation on how her logistics employer operated, and how only a skeleton staff was needed here, because most of the footwork had been outsourced, and her office didn't physically handle the goods they coordinated.

That voice was so crisp and sweet and I wished I could just listen to her all night. Whenever I began to be sedated by that voice, I stirred and realized I needed to punctuate the conversation with more questions, which ended up being lame.

"Your, uh, family must tolerate you sleeping all day then."

"Oh, my husband understands." The eyes drooped a little.

I was agape. "Husband? I didn't expect you to be married!"

A giggle. "And why not?"

"You.... you look so young!" I blurted bluntly.

The eyes tinkled. "Why, thank you...."

"Just how old are you?"

"Oh my, you want to know everything, don't you?" she teased accusingly. "How old do you think I am?"

I guessed 22, or 25 at most. She surprised me with her real age: 30.

"Oh wow, your husband is so lucky!" I exclaimed tactlessly. "It's like marrying a pretty schoolgirl!"

She chuckled. "Yes, lucky him." Silence for a moment. "Looks like I'm more suited for bashful schoolboys like you."

My cheeks heated up, and it seemed both of us felt awkward. Then I changed the topic, and asked what her office looked like. The lobby was unusually homey for a commercial unit, and I was curious what the actual office was like.

"I'm not supposed to let anyone in just like that, you know," she said. "Why don't I just let you peek through this gap?"

I was about to reply that I didn't really want to look, but the face had moved back. So I just went forward and tiptoed to glance.

To my surprise, the office was only slightly wider than a corridor, with tables lined along its length and space just enough for everyone who walk up and down the room's extent. I couldn't see the entire room, but it seemed there were larger rooms and areas beyond my sight.

I whistled to express my surprise at the narrowness of her work space.

She pursed her lips. "I know, but you can just entertain yourself on the Internet," she groused.

I peered at her as she spoke. She leaned on the desk next to the entrance, hands on tabletop supporting her weight. She was facing the left instead of the door, so I got a good side view of her, accentuated by her pink, buttoned cloth blouse and tight black pants. I visually traced her nicely contoured chest, from its obvious spherical protrusion from her side. And that bum...... what a bum!

Her bum rested on the table, flesh rounding out a little because of her applied weight. That weight lifted itself off now, and the bum still looked very tight and toned. It was shapely indeed, curving out bold contours from her thighs and waist. Then it turned out of my view as the secretary neared me.

"Seen enough?"

I stammered, "Y-yeah," instinctively interpreting her question to mean her, not the office. It was an overreaction.

"So.... what else can I help you with?" she chimed. And I remembered to ask the most important question.

"What's your name?"

"Venus."

"Wow... Like the goddess?"

"I get that all... the... time..."

"Well...... you look the part!" I blurted.

A giggle. "And your name?"

"Teddy."

"You're too skinny for a bear!"

And then Venus said she had better get back to work. She bade me goodbye and said she hoped to speak to me again.

I hoped it was real soon....

PART 2: SMALL TALK

When I next rang the doorbell to that office, I was fidgeting and adjusting my collar, like a man waiting for his date to appear.

The gap opened to reveal Venus' angelic face.

"Hi....hiii," I stammered.

Venus smiled. "Hi."

I clumsily shoved the envelope into the gap, muttering, "I believe this is yours."

To which Venus giggled, "You.... believe? And if it's not?"

That rattled me. "I mean.... I'm sure.... it's right!"

I tried be cool about it, but things only got harder when Venus went further out to a table to sign my receipt.

Tonight, Venus wore a dowdy white, tight skirt and a dark blue top that reflected faint sheens off the clinical office lights. I caught sight of her dark lacy panty, clearly visible through that tight, white skirt. Roving my eyes up, I perceived a matching bra beneath her blue blouse, from the same flowery patterns imprinted on the silky cloth.

I mentally removed that tight clothing and visualised her in her lingerie, taking in every alluring bend of her outline.

When I woke up from daydreaming, Venus had been trying to pass my receipt to me, and had been holding it at the door slit for a while. He hurried took it and tried to chat with her.

Me: So... how's things?

Venus (winks, sending jolt down my spine): The same boring routine....

Me: Well.... why not change jobs? I've read that working at night harms your health in the long run. (What was I saying? I want her here!)

Venus: Maybe you have a point.... What's more, this arrangement is affecting my relationship with my husband.

Me: Huh? Why?

Venus: You're a nosy one, aren't you?

Me: No, er, I'm just asking.... Since you mentioned....

Venus: He's out working in the day, and I'm out at night. We hardly see each other. The only thing he does is make a nice cup of cocoa before I leave for work.... And then he goes to bed.

I never knew why, but whenever someone started pouring out her problems, my eyes would feel droopy immediately.

I tuned out and let Venus' melodious voice fill my ears, while my eyes roved all over her.

Venus was sitting on a table while pouring out her frustrations. She stroked the wooden surface with one hand, and tilted her head down in deep thought.

Her steamy silhouette was beautifully enhanced by how her attire fit snugly around the narrow curves, and made room for her fleshy protrusions. Her bum jutted proudly off her hips, narrowing itself at where her thighs began. At the peak of her flat abdomen rested two mounds, large enough to arouse, but not saggy, and proportional to her whole form. They rested snugly on lacy bra, two neatly packed packages of flesh.

If the proverbial Venus were a real person, this was as close as she could get....

Venus: .....and lately he doesn't even seem interested in making love to me.

Me: Really??

Venus: Sigh.... I shouldn't bore a bright-eyed schoolboy like you with my adult problems.

Me: No.... I.... I'd be happy to help! If you need to stay on this job, I can... chat with you on an app.... or even call you....

Venus: Why, thank you Ted! (charming smile that sent more volts onto my nerves) So now you think you're an SOS counsellor, too?

Me: N-nothing better than hearing your voice!

Venus chuckled. Oh, how that turned me on already! As she bent down to give me her phone and chat ID on paper, she unknowingly gave me the treat of the night -- a side view of her sweet silhouette with all their curves. She was bent at near-90 degrees, legs straight, breasts burdened by gravity and threatening to burst her blouse.

Thank goodness the door hid my erection!

Perspiring and eager, I took the paper from Venus. It was a phone number and email. With a final smile and wordless goodbye, she closed the door gap.

Later that night, I was back in my room at home, thinking that she should still be in office since she worked the night shift. Somehow a lump formed in my throat when I neared my phone, and I abandoned the idea of calling her.

I had some trouble sleeping, and fought a lingering erection....

 

X X X

For the past few nights, I had been logging on every hour and finally found her. Our short online chat went something like this (V for Venus, T for me):

V: hi

T: HI HI

V: wow u seem excited to c me

T: M I?

V: the CAPS

T: OH, I bn lookin fr u.

T: u nt online last few dayz

V: So I'm becoming popular!

V: I'm not online on all days

T: so I'm in luck today!

V: :-)

T: busy tdy?

V: not too bad

T: y don't u cum online more often?

V: hehe.

V: I only do that when I'm relly bored.

T: nt a net person?

V: No.

T: I think it's better to hear your voice too

V: Then...?

T: but chatting online lets me think of what to say first

V: Whys that impt?

T: I get nervous wif u in person

V: Haha how come??

T: I just do

V: You don't need to be.

V: Just be yrself!

V: I think you're a very nice person

T: ORLY?

V: :-)

T: :-)

V: I like to see u being yrself

V: Its fine

T: glad to heer it!

I won't bore you with the rest of the conversation, which was on how her school life was like, and making comparisons to mine. We even compared our love lives in school!

X X X

A small exchange with Venus online made me a bit embarrassed just now. It went something like this:

T: nice to c u cum online again!

V: do you do that on purpose?

T: do wat

V: Use 'cum' instead of 'come'.

T: Wats wrng

V: Do you noe the original meaning of 'cum'

T: er yah I tink

T: but I use it on habit n becos its short form

V: Not so innocent after all!

T: maybe I noe more thngs than u!

V: I don't think so boy boy!

T: old maid!

V: haha so sharp-tongued

T: :-)

X X X

I was feeling a little braver than usual today, and decided to take my relationship with Venus to the 'next level'.

I actually picked up the phone and called her while she was at work! This was how it went....

V: Hello?

T: Whatever happened to formal company greetings?

V: Who's this?

T: Just me, Teddy....

V: Oh you scared me!

T: Aren't you supposed to say, "How can I help you?"

V: You aren't my boss so.... none of your business!

T: I.... got bored.... so decided to call you for a chit-chat.

V: Don't you have schoolgirls your age for that?

T: You.... you're different. Maybe I just get along with mature women.

V: (giggles) You make me feel old!

T: No-no-no.... you look like a schoolgirl to me, so I won't feel much difference! Anyway girls my age aren't very interested in me.

V: How can it be? I find you interesting.

T: Like I said -- I hit it off with mature women. (And in so many more ways than you think!)

V: (giggles) If you were my age I'd have ignored you. I'd think you're hitting on me!

T: If you were my age maybe I won't notice you too!

V: Hey I was pretty wild in my schooling days, all right?

(That aroused me. I imagined her in just kinky lingerie, sitting seductively at her desk, and talking with a flirtatious look on her face. I pulled down my pyjamas and touched myself.)

T: Like how?

(Stroking myself....)

V: That's.... not for you to know.

T: Let's just say I know these things inside out. (Quickened my masturbating) So.... aren't you still wild now?

V: Look at me! All alone in a boring night shift! Is this wild?

T: If you don't like it, why stay?

V: I'd like nothing better than to be a stay-at-home wife!

T: But then.... you won't be talking to me right here and now. I'll be lonely....

V: You don't own me, boy-boy! Too bad! Find a girl your age!

That last line turned me on even more. It was a challenge of sorts, to test if I could 'conquer' Venus. We continued our chat on forgettable topics; unbeknownst to her, I was soon lying on my bed, wantonly masturbating while whispering sweetly to her.

The only hint of my dirty act was a quick sigh halfway through the conversation, when I came as surreptitiously as I could, to her chiming voice and my wild imagination.

 

X X X

I found Venus had online again. Deciding to pull a trick on her, I "accidentally" sent her a dirty chat message meant for "someone else". This was what happened.

T: I wanna butter you up and roast you

V:??

T: OH SRY SRY

T: it's not meant for you

T: pretend you never saw it

V: What's wrong

V: Who did you want to eat

T: Nthg nthg!

V: You seem nervous abt it

V: Is there some other meaning to 'roast'?

T: er you dun wanna know

V: tell me

T: u wil think I am disgusting

V: I insist!

T: a dirty little boy

V: All men are dirty anyway!

T: ok...

T: it's like a girl havg sex with many men

V: that's it?

(The conversation was getting steamy at this point. I wanted a good masturbation and went on....)

T: imagine if you're in centre of room surrounded by men whose faces you can never remember the next day

T: you agreed to this of course, because you wanted to live on the edge

T: many men surrounding you, the lone source of their desires, their minds singly bent on possessing you completely

(Grabbing my neighbour's stolen bra, I used it to swap my aroused shaft. What bra? That's another story....)

T: Together they hold you in their multitude arms and peel you rapidly down

T: You feel strange at such overwhelming attention, and struggle out of instinct The arms only hold fast and soon you are exposed and available

T: And so the faceless men do nasty things to you

V: Like wat??

(I sighed and pleasured my shaft harder with the bra.)

T: you take many cocks at once

T: jammed into every orifice their dirty minds can imagine

T: they fuck you like animals, drowned in desire

T: there is one man below you, erect with lust

T: they make you ride him

T: you take one cock in each hand,

T: rubbing their entire lengths tenderly

T: each tries jabbing your ear when it finds your fingers inadequate

T: there's one more in front of you,

T: which you take in your face

T: one more man cups your tits from behind,

T: running his filthy hands all over the soft flesh

(I was now swiping my rod at a frantic pace, and had trouble typing with my free hand....)

T: and now the men shift your position

T: you're made to lie on top of the man you were riding

T: another rams his member into your ass from behind

T: you're made to service two cocks with your mouth

T: one after the other and both never getting enough

T: more men look on and pleasure themselves at the sight of you possessed

(I restrained my groans, feeling the cum build up from insides my hard cock. I did my best to visualise the scenario I described, and kept pace with my rubbing.)

T: then the men all cum,

T: spilling their steamy love juices all over you,

T: your face, your breasts, your creamy body, and inside your ass and love hole.

V: WOW

(Hot jizz squirted from my throbbing cock. I squeezed my cock and came and squeezed and came more.... into the stolen bra. There was a long pause online, because the orgasm prevented me from typing for a while.)

T: sry I think I went too far

V: What have you been reading?? lol

V: Very fertile imagination for your age!

V: And strangely you type properly when you described it!

T: u angry?

(I used the stolen bra, wet with cum, to wipe myself off.)

V: Angry? No.

V: You should write such stories. Everyone loves porn!

T: Rly?

V: Amused! I can almost see myself there. Heehee!

That last sentence brought me hope! The amount of come I ejaculated was too much, and really soaked that flimsy bra.

I made up my mind to sneak over to my neighbour's flat to get another garment.... and that's another story.

PART 3: OPEN DOOR

For the last few months I was making slow and steady progress on Venus. On the surface, she appeared to be a serious working lady who took her job and marriage seriously; but as I found out, she had a dirty side, like most women....

When I delivered her latest parcel today, she remarked, "You look happy to be here!"

"Why s-shouldn't I?" I quipped.

"You want to come in?"

"C-can I??" I spurted excitedly. I was afraid she would see the lump in my trousers when she opened the door, but she had turned the other way to let me view her office.

The office was narrow and poorly-lit, with only a few tables lined in a single row. The boss' office was the only separate room, to the left of the front area where the only windows were. The office rear was partly covered by thick curtains.

"Grab a drink if you want," Venus offered. "Just go behind the curtains."

I pulled back the curtains to reveal a small, dark pantry. A fridge contained canned drinks for anyone who cared for them. There was a short counter and sink, topped by worn cabinets. At the very back was the emergency exit.

Why did Venus invite me in? Was she signalling that she was already willing to go further?? Remembering my manners, I returned with 2 canned drinks.

Venus looked pleased. "You're getting smart!" she exclaimed as she opened one can.

We settled down on the sofa by the entrance.

"It's nice talking to you, Teddy," Venus confessed tenderly. "It really kills the loneliness...."

"No.... no problem." I stammered, as my gaze had already wandered to the protruding areas below her face, and locked on the most interesting bits.

"I actually feel more relaxed with you than my husband."

"What? No...."

Venus stared forlornly at the floor. I tried my best to keep the conversation going. "Maybe it's his job...."
