 The Seduction

It all started innocently enough. At the time, I was singing and playing piano in Smooth Soundz, a local jazz band. Brian was a regular and had been coming to Jasper’s for about six months, but he only came on the nights that our band was playing. You see, Brian had been coming on to me since the first time he saw me at Jasper’s. Despite the fact that I was married, he was convinced that someday, my resolve would crumble and I would give in to the attraction between us. The attraction that Brian thought I was obviously just denying.

Let me stop and introduce myself; my name is Callie. I recently celebrated my 34th birthday and my 10th wedding anniversary. I am 5’9 with long, straight, light red hair, and almond shaped green eyes. If I had to pick something about myself that I liked the most, it would have to be my eyes and my legs. My husband says that my eyes are “cat-like” and very sexy, and he has yet to complain about my long legs, especially when they are wrapped around his waist, pulling him deeper inside of me. Sorry, I got a little off track there for a minute. Okay, getting back to Brian…

I will not deny that when I first saw Brian I was instantly attracted to him. He was tall, well built with light brown hair, which he wore a little long, but still fashionable. What really got to me were his eyes. They were so brown that they were almost black and when he looked at me that first time, I felt that if I gazed into his eyes for too long, I would drown. Every time Brian came to the club he brought a single red rose, and at the end of the evening he would lay it on the stage at my feet, along with a card, which gave his phone number and address. The message was very clear. He was making the offer; all I had to do was give in. Little did I know, I was about to do just that.

It was Friday night and Smooth Soundz was scheduled to play three sets at Jasper’s. My husband had promised that he would be there, but at the last minute he had to go on yet another business trip. Though this happened all of the time, I was beginning to get tired of him never being home and always missing my shows. Maybe it was that, maybe it was the full moon, or maybe it was the way that Brian looked when he walked into Jasper’s that night, dressed all in black with that single red rose, who knows. All I know is that I started looking at Brian a little differently that evening. In between one of our sets, I did something that I have never done before. I went and sat at Brian’s table and ordered a glass of wine. No words were said, we just sat there in a comfortable silence. Brian had a knowing smile on his lips and his eyes were dark with desire as he watched me sip my wine. I couldn’t take my eyes off of his hands. They looked strong yet graceful and you could tell that he didn’t push paper all day. 

All too soon, it was time for our last set. When I stood up from the table, Brian stood also and pulled out my chair. His arm brushed against the bare skin of mine and a jolt of intense desire rushed through my body. As I looked up at Brian he smiled and took a strand of my hair and caressed it with his fingers for a moment and let it go. Without losing eye contact, I leaned over the table and picked of the rose he had brought and inhaled its sweet fragrance. I then went back up to the stage to finish the show, finding it very hard to concentrate. During our last song, I saw Brian get up and leave. To say the least, I was disappointed. I thought that he would stay and try and talk me into going home with him. After the song was over, I just sat at the piano, staring at the card attached to the rose. Slowly, I picked up the rose, got up from the piano, got my things together and hailed the first Taxi that I saw. Brian was going to get his wish and I was going to stop denying to myself the fact that I wanted this man.

I called Brian from my cell phone to let him know that I was coming over and I would be there in about twenty minutes. In my mind, I was still trying to tell myself that I didn’t have to do anything. I could just stop by and we would talk and listen to music, maybe have some wine and that’s that. What was I thinking? Talk about denial. The taxi pulled up to Brian’s address and with butterflies raging in my stomach, I paid the driver and slowly walked to the front door. As I reached to knock, Brian opened the door and stepped back to let me in.

I said a shy hello and Brian took my hand and led me to the couch. We sat down and Brian poured two glassed of red wine. There were candles everywhere and the room was engulfed in their soft light. Music was coming softly from somewhere and in the corner of the room was an indoor waterfall. The sound of the water flowing over the stones put a finishing touch on the ambiance of the room. Very romantic. What more could a girl ask for? Brian had thought of everything. I nervously sipped my wine, trying to make small talk but failing to do so, I just sat there and stared a the wine in my glass. I could feel Brian’s eyes on me and a slight shiver went through me.

Brian reached over and took my glass and put it on the coffee table next to his. Then he stood, taking my hand, forcing me to stand up next to him. Taking my face gently between his hands, his lips lightly touched mine and I melted into him. One kiss, that’s all it took and I was all over him. I couldn’t get enough of his lips, his tongue, the taste of him. I tangled my fingers in his hair and forced his mouth against mine harder, wanting his tongue deeper in my mouth. His hands were lightly stroking the sides of my breasts, causing my nipples to harden and strain against the material of my black stretchy shirt. I could feel his arousal pressing into my stomach. I slightly rose up on my tiptoes and back down again, rubbing against his hardness, causing him to gasp into my mouth. 

We then started walking, still kissing and caressing each other, towards the hallway. I was intoxicated with desire. Brian stopped kissing me and pushed me against the wall in the hallway. He brought his knee up between my legs, forcing them to part while his tongue played along the curve of my neck. I tried to touch him, I needed to touch him, but he had my hands pinned against the wall and I was helpless, entirely his. His knee was rubbing gently yet firmly against me and he whispered into my ear that even through my pants, he could smell my desire and feel how wet I was for him. Hearing him talk like that sent me over the edge and I couldn’t hold back. I ground myself into his knee and as I lost myself in my orgasm, he lifted me into his arms and carried me into his bedroom.

Brian had candles lit all over his room too and as he laid me gently on his bed I felt something soft against my arms. Brian had sprinkled the bed with red rose petals. The fragrance was incredible. I looked up and Brian was at the foot of the bed, just staring at me. He reached down and removed my shoes, stopping to caress each foot. Sliding his hands up my legs to my waist, he slowly pulled down my pants, planting butterfly kisses along my stomach, causing me to arch up into his touch. He then told me to sit up and he came and sat behind me. For a moment, he just held me against his chest, his arms around my waist. He lifted my shirt over my head, exposing my bra-less breasts to the cool air.

I leaned back against his chest again with my head resting on his shoulder. Brian’s hands came around and cupped each breast, gently kneading my nipples between his thumb and forefinger. He was gently biting my neck making me moan and press my lower back into him, feeling his hardness. One of his hands left my breast and traveled down, across my stomach, stopping just above my black silk panties. Instead of taking them off, he ran the tip of his finger over the fabric, teasing and tormenting. I spread my legs to give him better access. Pushing the fabric aside, he slipped a finger into my wetness, moving it in small circles. His thumb was pressing on my clit while his other hand still tormented my aching breast.

I was just on the verge of another orgasm when Brian stopped and told me to close my eyes as he got up and laid me back against the pillows. All of a sudden, I felt something soft and heavy being slipped around my wrists. My eyes flew open but before I could react, Brian had slipped the other end of the red silk rope over the middle post on his headboard, securing my hands above my head. I started to protest, but the look in Brian’s eyes told me not to worry, just enjoy.

Brian went back and stood at the foot of the bed. Keeping eye contact, he removed his white tank top, revealing a well-worked upper body. He was wearing a pair of plaid lounging pants, which he easily slipped off. And there he stood in all of his glory, all 7inches of it. I hadn’t noticed before, but Brian had the same kind of red silk ropes on each of the posts at the foot of his bed. Gently, he slipped the ropes over my feet, causing my legs to spread, the lips of my pussy glistening in the candlelight. Brian gave a low growl and proceeded to lick up the inside of my calf, sending shivers of pleasure directly to my cunt. I wanted to cum so bad it was becoming painful. Brian was biting the inside of my thighs and he wasn’t being gentle about it, but the pain just intensified my pleasure.

I have never been so turned on in my life. I have never wanted to have a cock inside of me as bad as I wanted Brian’s. If I didn’t feel his tongue on my pussy soon, I just knew I would die. Finally, I felt Brian’s hot breath on my clit. I looked down and with his eyes gazing into mine, his fingers parted my lips and his lips engulfed my clit, gently sucking and flicking it with the tip of his tongue. I thrust my hips against his mouth and came so hard that I actually squirted against his tongue. I had never done that before, but Brian was so turned on by it that he quickly raised himself, shoved his hard cock into my dripping cunt and covered my mouth with his.

I could taste myself on his lips and I moved my mouth away from his and began to lick my juice from his lips and chin. Brian grabbed my hair, forcing my head to the side and bit my shoulder as he slammed his cock in and out of me. The pain and pleasure was just too much and I was in one continuous orgasm. For the first time in my life, I was so overcome with lust and passion and animal instinct that I was crying out for him to fuck me. Begging him to fuck me harder and telling him how good his cock felt in my cunt. He ravished my breast with his tongue, never stopping his tortuous rhythm on my cunt, and he grazed my rock hard nipples with his teeth.

I tried to pull my hands free, needing to touch him, but the harder I pulled, the tighter the ropes got. Brian, seeing me struggle, simply laughed and pulled his cock free from my cunt. He took my feet out of the ropes and I thought that he was going to free my hands too, but to my surprise, he told me to roll over onto my stomach. When I started to protest and tell him no, he grabbed my hair again and forced me to roll over. Putting a pillow underneath my hips, Brian shoved two fingers into my cunt and much to my shame, I came again. I had never been in this position and I felt very exposed, vulnerable and dirty. 

Brian was telling me how lovely my ass looked in the candlelight as he softly caressed me. Then, SMACK!!! Brian began spanking my ass, keeping his fingers inside of me the whole time. As humiliating as it was, with each smack of his hand, my pussy clenched around his fingers and I was crying out for him not to stop. I could not believe that I was actually cumming out of my mind from being spanked. I was ashamed, but I didn’t want Brian to stop, I wanted more.

Sensing this, Brian got up on his knees behind me and guided his cock back into my hot cunt. Again, grabbing my hair and pulling my head back, Brian told me to tell him what I wanted. When I couldn’t make myself say the words, he pulled harder on my hair. Crying out in pain, I told Brian that I wanted him to fuck me and fuck me hard, make me his, please I begged. I would do anything he wanted, anything.

Hearing me tell him what I wanted, Brian let go of my hair, grabbed my hips with both hands and fucked me fast and hard. Brian started to shake and I knew he was ready to cum. I begged Brian to cum inside of me that I wanted to feel him shoot his cum deep inside of my cunt. He leaned over my back gently kissing my neck as his orgasm consumed him. I screamed out as my own orgasm ripped through me. It was so erotic feeling him curled against my back, his cock still inside of me, his head resting on my shoulder. It was nothing like I had ever experienced and I prayed that it would not be the last time either.

Brian released my hands from the rope and we lay on the bed together, my head resting on his chest while he stroked my hair. He asked me how I liked our evening together and the only response that I could think of was to jump up, grab his wrists and slip that lovely red rope over them. And well, that’s another story.