 Their eyes met as he stepped off the airplane and into the airport terminal. She quickly greeted him with a small kiss and a smile. After weeks and months of corresponding via e-mail, could they really be meeting for the first time? Her husband was away for the week on business, and was unaware that he had planned to fly in for a long weekend. And now, the moment had finally arrived. 

The very first thing she noticed about him was his deep blue eyes. With his almost boyish good looks, he definitely looked younger than she expected. As they walked through the concourse to the baggage claim and then to the car, they engaged in polite small talk. However, he couldn't stop thinking about how incredible she looked. He had seen photographs of her previously – very intimate pictures – but looking into her eyes for the first time was an entirely different experience. She had long, soft, brown hair, baby blue eyes, and a big smile. She was tall, with long legs that seemed to go on forever . . . accentuated further by her short black mini-skirt. She also had a tight little ass and perky little breasts, hidden nicely by the tight red sweater she was wearing.

As they reached the car, he politely opened her car door and winked at her, saying, "My mom always raised me to be a gentlemen." He couldn't help but notice her long sexy legs as she slid into her seat behind the steering wheel. Her skirt had slipped higher up, exposing more of her thighs. He quickly moved to the other side of the car and jumped into the passenger seat. As they drove home, they both secretly stole glances at the other, liking what they saw.

"Are you hungry?" she asked him.

"I'm starved! They didn't feed us on the airplane."

"Good," she simply replied and giggled to herself. 

A few moments later, she reached over and placed her hand on his leg, and began lightly stroking his thigh. Her hand slowly crept higher until she was sure she could feel his hardness hidden beneath his khaki pants. She teasingly gave a little squeeze and realized the effect she was having when she heard a sudden sharp in-take of his breath. As they pulled into the driveway, she told him about the romantic candlelight dinner she had prepared. "But that can wait," she softly whispered into his ear. "For right now . . . let's just fuck!"

That was music to his ears, and it wasn't long before they were inside the front door and stripping each other's clothes off. He pulled her sweater off over her head, while she slowly slipped her skirt down to the floor, revealing her black lace bra and panties from Victoria's Secret. Her growing excitement was obvious by her nipples peeking through the material of her lace bra, as well as the growing wetness in her panties. She reached down and unzipped his pants, and with one quick motion slid his pants and boxer shorts down around his ankles. His hard cock sprang free, exposed to the cool air. She quickly fell to her knees and kissed the head of his throbbing cock. Teasing him at first, it wasn't long before she was taking him onto her warm mouth. Slowly, almost agonizingly, she began to nurse his swollen member with her lips and tongue. She has done this before, he simply thought and chuckled to himself, as her head continued to bob up and down on his rock hard cock. Realizing that he wouldn't last long if she continued giving him oral pleasure, he withdrew momentarily from her greedy lips and suggested that they move things to the bedroom. That was all the encouragement she needed.

By the time they reached the bedroom, she had already removed her bra, exposing her perky little breasts to him. Her nipples were already swollen and begging for attention. As he laid her down on the bed, he slowly began kissing down her neck until he reached her firm breasts. He teased her with the tip of his tongue, finally drawing her nipple between his lips and sucking gently. He gently tugged on her other nipple with his fingers and then also began to lick, nibble, and bite that one as well. 

Next, he began to plant small baby kisses down across her flat stomach to the top of her black lace panties. Reaching up, he slipped his fingers underneath the waistband of her panties and slowly began to slide them down, over hips her hips, past here knees, and all the way off. By now, her excitement had grown so much that she was soaking wet with anticipation, and when the cool air hit her wet little pussy, is sent shivers up and down her body. He began kissing back up her legs . . . slowly at first. Her legs spread apart slightly, giving him more access. He traced the tip of his tongue along her smooth skin, up her inner thigh, inching closer and closer to his destination. 

He was teasing her and she was eating it up. He kissed the soft spot between her upper thigh and her pussy, causing her to jump a little. He knew what she wanted . . . but he intended to hold off for as long as possible. He blew lightly on her wet opening, sending more chills up and down her body. She began to moan softly and begged him, "Please, lick my pussy!" He teased her a little longer . . . than finally let just the tip of his tongue run along her wet slit, tasting her for the first time. She immediately exploded with her first orgasm . . . one that had building since he first stepped off the airplane.

He went to work on her pussy . . . licking her wet slit again, parting her swollen pussy lips with his fingers, and flicking her swollen clit with the tip of his tongue. This caused her to jump again and her hips began to move involuntarily; her clit peeking out and begging for more attention. She moaned again, "God, that feels so good! Please don't stop." He had no intention of stopping . . . in fact, he would be satisfied to lick her sweet pussy all weekend long. His tongue slid lower, darting in and out of her opening. And then he went beck to sucking gently on her swollen clit . . . biting it, licking it, nibbling on it. Her juices began to flow freely down her thighs as she approached her second orgasm of the night. Finally, he slid his tongue inside of her and she exploded again with screams of ecstasy. 

After allowing her to catch her breath for a moment, he crawled up her body and kissed her softly on the lips. She could taste her own wetness on his tongue and it turned her on even more. His tongue felt so soft as it explored her mouth. He began to kiss her neck and then nibbled on her ears . . . he had found her weakness. She moaned again as he continued to tease her more. "I want you so much!" she whispered softly in his ear, "Please take me now."

He was more than ready to give her what she wanted. His throbbing cock was aching to be inside of her. He was surprised when she rolled over onto her stomach and then moved to a position on her hands and knees. Her cute little ass was sticking up in the air and she was teasing him now. "I want you to take me from behind," she said and smiled mischievously at him.

He moved behind her, into a kneeling position, and placed his hands on her hips. Pulling her to him, he touched the head of his rock hard cock to her swollen pussy lips. "Is this what you want?" he asked her. "Oh God, yes!" was all she could say in response. It was his turn to tease her again . . . as he began to rub the tip of his hard cock up and down her wet slit. 

"Are you ready for me?" he asked. 

She nodded her head in consent. 

"Tell me what you want, baby."

"I want you to fuck me," she replied.

He teased her some more.

"Oh, God," she moaned, "PLEASE FUCK ME!"

He pushed his hard cock inside of her . . . inch by inch, until he filled her completely. She had the tightest pussy he had ever felt and he wanted this feeling to last forever. He began to stroke her slowly at first . . . in and out, in and out. She pushed back with her hips to match his rhythm, and soon he was thrusting deep inside of her. His pace quickened and soon he was pounding his hard cock deep inside her tight little cunt. He reached around and grabbed her firm breasts while he fucked her from behind. Passion and lust filled the room. Finally, with one last deep thrust he began to fill her pussy with his hot cum. She cried out in pleasure as she also reached her third orgasm of the evening. Together, they collapsed on the bed . . . both out of breath, but completely satisfied.

"That was incredible," she said as she smiled at him.

"Yes, it was," he agreed, and then he kissed her softly on the lips.

The long weekend was only beginning, but it already looked promising . . .