 Part 2

Consulting Susan

It had been about two months since Bobby arranged a little gang-bang just for me, fulfilling my fantasy of being fucked in all three holes—simultaneously—in a truly spectacular fashion, and I was feeling good, bouncy even. 

I could still feel the after effects of that amazing fuck. I wasn't walking bow-legged any more, but my vagina still got a warm, moist tingle whenever I thought about it. I could remember perfectly the taste of every load of cum I had eaten, and the length, girth, and curve of every cock I had sucked, fucked, or had deep in my ass that night.

But now I wanted to do something for Bobby. His birthday was coming up and I wanted to get him something special—something like what he had given me. But it wasn't that simple. 

I didn't want to just stand around with my fingers in my twat while I watched a gaggle of bimbos take turns sucking his dick. After all, I have three holes that can all be filled at once, but Bobby only has one cock. Giving Bobby a bunch of women to fuck would leave a lot of holes empty (including all three of mine!), while he serviced the rest of them, one by one. It seemed like such a waste of good pussy, mouth, and ass!

Besides, Bobby is a gentleman, and it would almost be a chore for him to fuck them all properly, making each one cum repeatedly, before he shot his load. It was his birthday—I wanted him to cum when he felt like it, not to worry about leaving a pack of horny women to go home unfulfilled.

Hmm. What to do?

I decided to consult my friend Susan. We were room mates back in college—room mates with benefits, a few memorable times—and I still love and trust her. I also consider her an expert in the area of sex. She had more than blown my mind back in college. 

I'm not normally into girls. They smell nice and they're kissable, but I long for a man's hard muscular body, the funky smell of testicles, the sweet sour taste of precum seeping from the tip of a penis, and most of all, that hard, hot cock, pushing inside of me—into my mouth, deep into my cunt, and fully up my ass. But Susan almost changed my thinking. That girl knew how to do things with her hands and tongue that could turn me inside out.

And these days Susan was fucking and sucking full time. She didn't just have frequent, varied sex; she was an honest-to-gosh porn star: Suzie Queue. She made sex so hot, nasty, and exciting that guys would pay just to watch. 

Thousands of men paid good money to stroke their cocks and cum in their hands, just to look at her, imagining what her lips, vulva, breasts, and ass would feel like. 

Susan would know how I could give a real treat to Bobby if anyone did! I called her cell, and she told me to meet her across town when she finished her shoot that afternoon. 

Traffic was light and I got there early. I slipped quietly into the rented apartment where CumBrothers Productions was filming their latest Suzie Queue video. One of the techs looked up as I tiptoed in, nodded, and held a finger to his lips. I nodded back and found a quiet place to watch the action. 

I sat down next to Anita, a cute, pudgy girl I'd met once before. Anita works as a fluffer—her job is to suck guys' dicks, off-camera, to get them hard for their scenes, so they can walk onscreen with full erections.

As I took a seat beside her, Anita was hard at work, perched on the end of the sofa, giving head to a muscular stud, standing in front of her with a genuinely huge dick sticking out—it was thick enough to stretch Anita's pouty lips just trying to fit the head into her mouth, and long enough for her to use both hands to feed it in—and it was only half erect! 

My mouth watered as I watched her stroke and slobber on that monster cock, struggling to stuff it into her mouth. Her cheeks bowed inward and she made soft slurping noises as she sucked hard on the tip, working to get that enormous pecker firm and hot... and ready for Susan. 

"Camera rolling? And... action!" I heard the director say.

Susan swayed into the room and stood boldly in front of the camera, with all the light on her. Her eyes caught the lens and she looked at the camera with smoldering desire expressed in every angle of her face and body. 

She wore a fishnet mini-dress of dark purple rubber, that clung to and revealed her body rather than covering it, accessorized with a spiked leather dog collar and a pink thong that clearly showed her pussy lips. She wore no blouse and no bra, just a sheen of oil gleaming on her enormous, perfectly shaped, double D breasts. 

She rocked her hips, undulating, and stroked herself slowly from her thighs up to her breasts, cupping them and squeezing them. She flipped the top of her mini dress down over those luscious tits, letting them spring out and bounce. She lifted one and licked the nipple. 

She tucked the rim of the dress under her cleavage to hold those perfect globes up and out, invitingly, in the sluttiest possible way. She gave her torso a wriggle and her succulent titties swayed with an appetizing motion, her perfect brown nipples hard with unfeigned arousal. She crooked a finger to the stud with his dick now halfway down Anita's throat and arched an eyebrow.

He turned his body toward Susan reflexively, his monster cock plopping out of Anita's mouth, trailing drool. It was still only three-quarters erect despite Anita's vigorous sucking, but as he locked eyes with Susan it swelled to nine inches of throbbing meat, rock hard, upright and swaying like a king cobra. It was electrifying.

Susan backed slowly away as he approached, until the full length of his member bobbed into the camera frame, close up. She held up a hand to freeze him right there, then gracefully slipped to her hands and knees and walked like a faithful dog towards the camera and his erect member, mouth open, tits swaying, her eyes fixed hungrily on a succulent bone.

I realized I was unconsciously rubbing my vulva through my dress. I looked around, and saw I wasn't the only one. Nearly everyone was touching themselves while staring at Susan. 

Anita tugged one of the techs over by his belt, pulled his jeans down to his thighs, and began to stroke his swelling prick into her mouth as they both watched the action. I hitched my skirt up and slipped two fingers into my panties. I was already moist. The room was seriously starting to smell like sex.

Still on her hands and knees, Susan arched her back and brought her mouth up to that huge, swaying penis. She looked like a cat, nose to nose with a python. 

She arched higher and used her hands to bring her breasts together, surrounding his cock with silky pliant flesh, then lowered herself, gliding his ponderous shaft through the oiled tunnel of her mammaries, shaking them to stimulate the sensitive underparts of his swollen prod, and forming her lips into a perfect "O" that pressed softly down on his cock tip, then up, then back down over his cock head, up again, then smoothly rocking all the way down that nine inch cock like a sword swallower, until her pink tongue slipped out to caress his balls. 

You could see the bulge of that monster dong distending her throat. She swayed back and forth, her throat visibly convulsing around it once, twice, gripping the head and shaft with her throat muscles. Then she gracefully rose all the way up, let the tip slip from her mouth to spring away, swaying in the air, then leaned back until her tits slipped over his balls.

She lifted them up the length of his shaft. His cockhead jutted out from between her breasts, perfectly poised in front of her lips. She gazed at it a moment in worship, then took it in her mouth and down her throat again. 

Up and down she swayed, sliding his throbbing length between her oiled breasts, into her mouth, and down her throat, over and over, slowly building speed. She paused for a moment with his cockhead just outside her lips again. Her tongue slipped out and licked a drop of pre-cum from his slit.

I heard someone groan softly. My fingers were brushing the shaft of my clit, dipping into my cunt for lubrication, and spreading the slippery pussy lube over my swollen bud.

The camera man slipped under Susan like a baseball player sliding into third, pointing the lens up to frame her perfect tits, with the tip of a giant cock thrust up between them, and her mouth coming down from above to suck it greedily down, swaying and swallowing, again and again.

I found myself rubbing my clit to the very same rhythm, building up towards a climax, watching Susan sucking cock. Anita was alternately sucking and stroking the tech's cock with her left hand, moving in synch with Susan's masterpiece blowjob, while her right hand was knuckle deep in her own cunt, moving to the exact same beat. 

All our eyes were glued to Susan in the flesh and Susan on the monitor, showing a doubled view of Susan titfucking and deep throating a monster prick. She was like a carnal dancer, drawing us all in to dance along.

"Oh, god, I'm gonna fucking cum," gasped the muscular stud getting the blowjob of his life.

Susan motioned out of frame to the camera man, and he switched to super slo-mo. The action on the screen began to lag behind the sound of sucking and groaning, as the tip of his swollen dong emerged with agonizing grace from between her artfully pursed lips, leaking a thin string of precum and saliva that fell in a slow arc towards her cheek. The slit of his cockhead pulsed open as the first jet of creamy white cum floated up over her face. 

Susan's lips puckered and she gently blew upward, sending the first pulse of falling sperm up in a graceful fan, an image that was burned into my mind forever. 

Then her mouth opened, her tongue emerged, and she began to gather the falling drops and streams of cum into her oral cavity, letting it rain onto her lips and cheeks when she closed her mouth to swallow, then opening again to welcome in yet another spurt, her tongue actively seeking his cock and teasing out jet after jet of pearly semen. The slow motion cum shower lasted a full minute on-screen, but seemed to stretch on for even longer. 

I climaxed halfway through, heard Anita gasping as she came in synchrony, her cry throttled by the cock in her mouth, as the tech groaned, grabbed Anita's face in both hands, and shot his load down her throat.

"Cut!" the director said angrily. "God damnit, Jason, you were supposed to fuck her mouth for seven more minutes, get behind her and fuck her doggy style a full six minutes, then fuck her in the ass for nine minutes before you jacked off on her face!"

"Christ, Darrin," the muscular stud replied, abashed, "you try to hold back with Susan fucking you with her tits, throat, and tongue like that!"

"Yeah. Okay, everybody, take an hour. One hour. Jason, take a viagra, now, and we'll take it from the top when we get back. Susan, beautiful work. Magnificent cum sequence. We'll edit it in at the end instead of the jack off sequence. It'll make a nice trailer, too."

Susan was still licking the cum off her fingers and lips. She gave a smug grin and shot me a wink. She stood up and sashayed toward me, cum drops on her cheeks, in her hair, in a spatter on her breasts, and a smear on the dog collar, her huge tits swaying with a mesmerizing motion as she approached. 

"I've been thinking about your question," she said, eyeing my fingers as I pulled them, glistening, from my twat. "I have a couple of ideas."

She took my hand in hers and sucked my fingertips, savoring the taste of my pussy. 

I swallowed. Susan had ideas. Suddenly so did I.