 They moved in the darkness of the hallway. She led the way with her heels clacking against the marble floors and her small hand enclosed inside his large one. The sounds of the music in the ballroom were rapidly fading as they made their way towards the closest bedroom. 

Neither one of them had planned for this to happen. But neither of them had just realized how strong their addictions ran. Six straight nights they had found themselves in bed together, six straight nights falling asleep in each other's arms after a night of passion. They thought they could go one single night without needing each other. But tonight had proven them both foolish. 

The cocktail party they both attended was a prestigious affair. He had worn a gray three-piece suit while she wore a gorgeous navy cocktail dress with matching pump heels. The second their eyes met from across the room they knew they didn't stand a chance. Like addicts, they craved each other. They did their best to stay away, but each stolen glance only intensified their burning lust. Finally, two hours into the affair he had walked up to her and placed a hand on her waist. The heat from that touch sent sparks through both of their bodies.

"Now," was all he had said. It was all he needed to say.

That was why they found themselves in the shadowy hallways of the mansion, their bodies pressed close as they tried to find an outlet for their desires. He stopped short and wrapped his arms around her waist. He pulled her close and she could feel his erection rubbing against the back of her thighs. Hidden in the darkness, away from the party, it would be the easiest thing to do it right here. He knew with three quick moves on his part he could be inside of her and halfway to bliss.

"No," she said with a her heavily French accent. She turned to look up at him. He china blue eyes sparkled. Mixed with her raven shoulder length, curly raven hair, it was a sight that took his breath away. They kissed deeply and slowly, their tongues massaging and exploring each other. "No," she said again. "No fuck... Fais-moi l'amour."

Halfway down the corridor they found an empty bedroom. It was spartan with no decorations and a single window with no curtain on it. But it had a bed, and that was all they needed. He closed the door behind them and they instantly began to kiss and grope each other's bodies. He ran a hand underneath her dress and was pleased to find that she had no panties on, and that his fingers could feel the moisture dripping from her pussy. As they kissed, he began to massage her and tease her until she stopped kissing and started to buck her hips against his fingers. He broke off his fingering, leaving a slight hiss of disappointment to escape from her lips. 

They quickly discarded their clothes and left them on the floor. They held each other closely, their naked flesh pressing against each other. He could feel the hardened nipples of her large breasts rubbing against his abdomen while his hard cock poked at her stomach. Normally, their lovemaking would include a round of oral sex. 

"Amenez-moi au lit," she whispered. 

He towered over her by almost six inches and obliged her, scooping her up into his arms and carrying her towards the bed. Somewhere nearby, thunder rumbled. He dropped her onto the bed and he felt through the darkness towards her body. He found one of her large breasts and kissed it, nibbling and sucking on the nipple while she moaned.

"Make love to me," she said between moans. 

They kissed, she biting at his lower lip as they broke away from each other. In the dark, he found himself on top of her and lined it up. He slowly pushed his cock into her waiting pussy and let out a groan of satisfaction as he went as deep as he could inside of her. She placed her hands around the back of his neck and kissed him. He began to work himself in and out of her, slowly at first, before finding a steady tempo. Thunder rumbled again from outside and the sound of rain hitting the window filled the room.

He worked himself in and out of her while she moaned and dug into the back of his shoulders with her nails. After a few minutes, they changed positions. She sat on her hands and knees while he fucked her from behind, his large hands resting against the supple cheeks of her heart shaped ass. Lighting flashed close by, allowing him a chance to see his large cock impaling her pussy, followed by a large thunderclap. He kept his left hand on her ass while his right hand took a handful of her hair and pulled on it. She moaned and kept babbling in French as he picked up the pace and went faster and faster. She let out a squeal and her legs shook in orgasmic delight. He stopped and pulled out her as she rode her orgasm until its end. 

"Your turn," she said as her petite hands pushed him down on the bed.

She rode him at a steady pace. He put his hands up and fondled her breast. The rainfall increased outside and they could hear it smacking loudly against the windowpane. She took one his large hands and sucked on his finger. He could feel himself approaching climax. Lighting flashed again and he saw a snapshot of her. She was sweaty, her perfect breasts swaying to the motion of her fucking, and there was such an intense look on her face that could only be described as lust.

"Cum in me," she said in a husky whisper.

He let out a groan and obliged. Hours of pent up desire came flooding out as his cock exploded inside of her. He reached down and held on to her hips. impaling her on his cock as it filled her with every drop of his cum. He rode that wave of pleasure for almost a solid minute until she fell beside him.

They were covered in sweat and each other's bodily fluids. Thunder rolled outside and the storm continued on as the two lovers held each other close and drifted off to sleep.