 Money talks. That was my theory when I won $3 million dollars in the recent state lottery. For a struggling college student with no money it was a bottomless piggy bank. 

I was twenty-four with testosterone coming out of my ears. No matter where I looked on campus all I could see was pussy, tits and ass, and I wasn’t getting my share of it. Sometimes I’d wake up with a hangover next to a naked, strange, and usually not very attractive female that was also hung over. That was on a good night. Mostly, I’d go down in flames and end up back in my room with Mother Hand. 

I was on the seven-year college plan. Actually, graduating at all would be a miracle. Now that I was a multi-millionaire I didn’t need to worry about it.  Not that I was about to leave. Where else was I going to find so many hot looking young babes all in one place? I figured my luck with the ladies was about to change. 

I took my winnings to a local bank, invested half of it in a high-yield municipal, a quarter in a blue chip fund, $250,000 in a money market account and the rest on small cap stocks. Next I leased a luxurious fully furnished penthouse apartment overlooking the park near campus. Then I bought a silver Porsche 911 convertible. 

I headed to “The Wicked Wench Tavern”, a local student hangout. It was happy hour and the bar was filling. I handed the bartender $200 and told him to provide free drinks for all the girls until it ran out, and to make sure they knew who was buying. I took my beer and sat in a corner booth.

A steady stream of young pussies stopped by to thank me. I was patient and waited for the right one. She was a pretty longhaired dirty blond named Danielle. She had blue eyes and wore a short white skirt with a tight pink top that showed off her big tits. All I had to do was lose her dark-haired friend. I gave one of the guys I knew from class a twenty to pry her away.

I laid it on thick, making sure Danielle knew I won the lottery and that I intended to spend my money having fun and sharing it with friends. I plied her with several shots of tequila and asked her if she wanted to be my date for the night. She threw her arms around my neck, pressing her soft tits against me, and kissed me on the lips. I dragged her out of the bar while she was still climbing all over me. Her eyes almost popped from her head when she saw my Porsche.

“Look, why don’t we go to my Penthouse and watch a movie with a bottle of champagne?”

She was all over me when we hopped in the car. Her lips were wrapped around my cock before we even pulled out of the parking lot.  I was having a hard time driving with my cock down her throat. In the elevator Danielle removed her panties, stuffed my cock into her pussy and wrapped her arms and legs around me.  We staggered from the elevator to the door of my apartment bouncing off walls along the way. 

We left a trail of clothes from the doorway to the living room upon entering the Penthouse. I bent her over the side of the leather couch and plowed my cock into her pussy dog style. Looking down at my glistening cock sliding between her creamy cheeks sent my head into a spin. My cock swelled just before I filled her cunt with cum. When I was finished pumping a ton of seed into her fuck hole, Danielle dropped to her knees and cleaned my cock with her mouth and tongue. 

She continued to suck me until I was hard again. I sat on the couch. She climbed on top. Her big tits flopped in my face as she bounced up and down, screaming as one orgasm after another consumed her body. Before I could cum a second time, she dropped to her knees and slid my cock between her lips, swallowing every drop when my cock exploded into her mouth.

I fucked her three more times before the sun came up the next day, the last time in the shower where I fucked her in the ass. All of this with a girl who wouldn’t have given me the time of day before the lottery. I took her back to her dorm, handed her $100 dollars and told her to buy some sexy things for our next date.

The next day I bought some expensive clothes for myself and checked in to a deluxe suite in a nearby hotel. I pulled up to the Kappa Gamma House, the home of many up tight but hot looking snobs. I waited until I saw two strikingly beautiful brunettes in tight designer jeans emerge. I hopped out of the Porsche and approached them with a friendly smile on my face.

“Sorry to bother you girls, but I need some help. I’m staying at the Roaring Brook Inn and took a wrong turn somewhere. Would you happen to know where it is or am I hopelessly lost?”

They giggled and told me I was pretty lost. The taller one was trying to explain how to get there, but I noticed the other one with short hair and big brown eyes giving me the “look”. I finally shrugged my shoulders.

“Hey, I can’t remember all that. I’ll tell you what. I’ll give you a ride to wherever you’re going if you show me. Even better, I’ll pay you for your time.”

“Sorry, but we’re in kind of a hurry,” the tall one replied. “Just stop and ask anyone if you aren’t there in five minutes.”

I took out my wallet and made sure they both saw it was stuffed with hundred dollar bills. The short brown-eyed girl spoke.

“I’ll be happy to show you. I don’t mind. Jenny, you can pick up an extra salad for me. I’ll eat when I get back.”

Jenny was giving her one of those “I don’t think you should do this” looks and was about to say something. I interrupted before she could ruin the moment.

“Hey that would be great. But please, let me buy you dinner as a thank you. In fact, I insist. By the way, my name’s Jason.”

“Um… well, I guess. Sure.  I mean Jen, you’ve got a date with Richard but I’m not really doing anything. I’ll see you back here later, okay? Oh yeah, I’m Jill.”

Before Jenny could object I grabbed Jill’s arm and headed for the car. She was clearly impressed with the Porsche. When she sat down I noticed a nice rack jutting out from the blue top she was wearing. I told her I was with an investment-banking firm and was in town working on a deal.

“Hey, we’re in no hurry. Why don’t you get behind the wheel and take it for a spin. You know the area. Open her up and let her rip.”

I thought she was going to pee her pants. I could see her nipples poking through her blouse as she slid into the driver’s seat. I was thrown back against the seat when she peeled out. She almost spun out going around the next corner. Soon we were on a mountain road taking corners and hills like we were on a roller coaster. Her hair was flying back and her nipples were hard as a rock. 

At the bottom of the second hill I saw a dirt road and told her to pull off. She was breathing hard when the car came to a stop. She had a wild and reckless look in her eyes. I put my arm around her.

“That was one hell of a ride. You like it out there on the edge, don’t you?”

She nodded her head as I moved my lips closer to hers. We kissed. There was nothing tentative about it. Our mouths opened wide. Our tongues mingled. My hand went directly to her full and soft breast. She did nothing to stop me. After a minute or so I put my hand in her blouse and under her bra so I could tweak her hard nipple. I unsnapped it and played with her free hanging beauties. Her hand dropped to my thigh.

Our kiss became more passionate. My hand slid down her stomach. I unsnapped her jeans and shoved my hand into her panties. She spread her legs. My fingers found the moist folds of her pussy. I rubbed her clit and shoved two fingers up her steamy cunt. She came hard, lifting off the seat. My fingers were drenched in pussy juice. She pulled away to catch her breath and readjusted her clothes.

“Um… we’ve got to stop. I’ve never done anything like this… I mean not with someone I just met anyway. Oh god, you must think I am such a slut.”

Yes you are, I thought to myself. I was quickly learning that all girls were sluts when it comes to money.

“I should be the one apologizing. I’m sorry. Look, I promised you dinner. Why don’t we go back to my suite and order room service.”

She couldn’t believe the suite and sat on the couch in awe while I opened a bottle of champagne.  Several glasses later she was tipsy. I put my arm around her and kissed her. Jill melted into my arms. I unzipped and pulled my hard cock out of my trousers. It only took the slight pressure of my hand on the back of her neck to get her to put it in her mouth. 

She wrapped her lips around my throbbing meat and slid them down my swollen shaft. The pleasure was excruciating. I grabbed the back of her head and fucked my cock up into her mouth. Two minutes later I threw my head back, slammed my cock up between her lips and roared as a huge stream of hot cum splashed off the roof of her mouth. Cum continued to pump into her mouth until I was drained.

Jill sat up with her mouth closed and a trickle of cum dribbling from the corner. She looked at me like she wanted to spit it out but didn’t know where. I reached up, put my hand over her lips and squeezed her cheeks.

“Swallow,” I whispered.

She made a face and gulped. I suspected this was the first time she had ever swallowed cum. I took my hand away and caressed her cheek. I leaned over and kissed her lightly on the lips and then around to her ear where I shoved my tongue.

It didn’t take much coaxing to get her jeans off. I slid my head down between her legs and clamped my mouth over her dripping pussy. In less than a minute she bucked up into my mouth screaming at the top of her lungs and gushing all over my face. She told me no one had ever done that to her before so I ate her again. I pushed two fingers up her cunt and flicked my tongue across her clit. She came so hard she almost passed out.

Jill went into the bathroom and came out wearing a hotel robe and nothing underneath. I pulled out her dining room chair like a gentleman and slipped my hands around to open her robe and squeeze her soft tits. I quickly stripped and sat on the table in front of her with my cock swaying in her face. I guided her lips around my swollen girth.

“First a little appetizer before the main course.”

When I was good and hard I pulled Jill up on the table with me. Her robe dropped to the floor. Our lips pressed together with our mouths open and our tongues dancing against each other. She straddled me with her knees and guided my cock to her swollen peach. Jill moaned as my throbbing meat split open her cunt and pushed into her body. She had two strong orgasms before I blasted a huge load of cum into her pussy. 

I carried her back to the bedroom where I fucked her in every known position until she almost passed out from non-stop multiple orgasms. I finally blasted cum up her cunt while fucking her doggy style and squeezing her tits. I fucked her again before I took her back to the dorm at three in the morning. 

I handed Jill $200 and told her to buy a nice dress for our next date at an expensive restaurant two days later. After dinner I let her drive the car again, ate her pussy on the hood and fucked her from behind while she was bent over it. She had her usual series of multiple orgasms before I pulled out and asked her to suck my cock. This time when I came in her mouth she swallowed without hesitation. 

Back at the hotel we fucked all night long. The girl was insatiable and woke me every two hours or so. The next morning I tried to fuck her ass but she wouldn’t let me. Just as she was leaving I handed her the keys to the car and $500.

“Look, Jill, I’m leaving town for a week. I want you to look after my car. The money is for gas or whatever. If you don’t need it keep it for next time. I’ll see you in a week, okay?”

On our next date she let me fuck her in the ass. It was her first time so I was gentle. Once she figured it out she loved it. After several more dates, and a lot of expensive gifts, she let me do pretty much whatever I wanted wherever I wanted it. One night she even snuck me into the Kappa Gamma house where we fucked like animals with only a half wall separating us from Jenny.  

I told her I wanted to make a video of us having sex together. Jill was nervous about it, but I bought her a $300 dress that made her a lot less nervous. In fact she let me tape her receiving a face full of cum while wearing the dress. She had become a total slut. All because of money.

I was only seeing Jill once or twice a week when I was “in-town”. Danielle, on the other hand, stopped by the Penthouse almost every day. One night she even brought a girlfriend with her. She didn’t mind sharing and seemed to enjoy munching on a hot pussy as much as sucking cock. Ass fucking wasn’t a problem with her, nor was making videos. It didn’t cost me anything except the price of booze and an occasional dinner.