 Many thanks to all those that commented on Part 1 of this story. It was gratifying to read your comments and e-mails. I have tried to back track in this part and clear up a few discrepancies that had been pointed out to me. I'll try harder in the future to be sure and dot my I's and cross my t,'s. Your comments, positive or negative, are always welcomed, and please be sure to vote after reading the story.

*****

Jane awoke gradually and saw that Paul was still sleeping soundly beside her and after last night's activity; she was going to let him rest as long as he could. She eased herself out of bed, threw on her housecoat, then walked to the window and looked out. It was just light enough for her to see that at least eighteen inches of snow had fallen since it started yesterday and it was still coming down hard. 

She went into the living room and added wood to the stove, and then opened the damper to quickly warm her cabin. Picking up the phone to call and report that she had found the hiker; something she should have done last evening but for some reason, didn't, and discovered that the line was dead. 

Not to unusual in a snowstorm, she thought as she replaced the receiver, the phone lines are probably down somewhere. She wondered if they would lose the power too, as it sometimes happened.

Going over to the sink, she filled the coffee pot with water and put it on to brew, then walked into her room again, to check on Paul and use the bathroom to freshen up. 

Paul was just awakening and looked at her and smiled, as he ran his fingers through his hair.

"Good morning, Jane."

"Good morning to you, Paul." She said, as she lightly caressed his cheek, "Did you sleep well?"

"Yes, very well, thanks." He replied, as he carefully pulled himself into a sitting position on the bed.

"How does your ankle feel this morning?"

"Right now it feels pretty good," he said, "But I'll have to see how much weight I can put on it when I get up." 

"Ok," "Just let me use the bathroom first and when I'm done, I'll give you a hand, if you need it." She told him, then entered the bathroom and closed the door behind her.

As she studied herself in the mirror, she saw that this morning she looked radiant. There was a glow to her face and it even seemed that some of the worry lines around her eyes had vanished. She brushed her teeth, and then started to turn on the water for a shower when she remembered something; if the power goes out, the pump in the well stops and we'll have no water for anything. She stepped closer to the door and called out to Paul.

"Paul," "would you be interested in taking a shower with me?" she asked, "in case the power goes off and we have no water."

"Hell yes!" Came his enthusiastic reply, "For whatever reason, but I think I might need a little help."

Jane opened the door and went to the bed as he started to rise. She took his hand and helped him up. His covers slipped to the floor as he balanced unsteadily, testing his ankle.

"Hey, I think it's doing much better today." He said. "I can put a little more weight on it than I could yesterday."

"That's good, Paul," she answered, "now let's see if we can get you to the shower."

Jane helped Paul into the shower stall, then turned the water on and adjusted it to suit her. She shrugged her robe off and stepped in to join him.

They stood facing each other for a few moments, and then Paul took her in his arms and kissed her gently, tenderly, running his fingers down her back until he had her ass cheeks cupped in his strong hands. She reached behind him and did the same, except she pulled him closer and pushed her pussy into him. She could feel his cock hardening as they embraced and it excited her, sending warming feelings all over her body.

"Do you want to fuck me?" She asked boldly, as she broke their embrace and turned her back to him, bending over slightly, "Do you want to fuck me from behind?"

In answer to her question, Paul cupped her sex from behind and ran his fingers around her slit drawing some of her slickness and rubbing it on his cock. He grabbed her hips as she reached between her legs and took his fully hard cock in her hand, guiding it into her wet pussy.

"Ohhhhhh, your cock feels sooooo good sliding into my pussy." She said, as he pulled her ass towards him, driving himself deeper into her cunt.

He reached around her to find and play with her clit as he fucked her, but she stopped him and said,

"Don't worry about doing that, we'll have time for that later." "Right now, I just want you to fuck me hard."

Ever careful of his ankle, he drove his cock in and out of her grasping pussy until he felt himself on the verge of cumming.

"Come on, Paul," she moaned, "give it to me, now!"

Paul groaned and drove himself as deep in her as he could. She felt his cock swell inside her as the first hot spurts of his cum, drenched the bottom of her cunt. 

"Ohhh, God, that's so good Paul," she said, "I can't seem to get enough of your cock."

Paul's cock continued to pump cum into Jane's pussy until he finally had none left to give her. He withdrew from her with an audible plop, turned her back around, cupped her head in his hands and kissed her deeply.

"Jane," he said, as he continued to plant little kisses on her face and neck, "I've never had a woman that affects me the way you do. I feel no restraints or inhibitions like I have with the other women in my life."

"And just how many other women have there been?" She asked, smiling up at him teasingly, "You're probably too young to have had that many others.

"Is that what you think? I'm too young?" He said, taking a sponge from the soap dish, squirting liquid body soap on it and began to wash her arms and hands. "You didn't seem to think so a few minutes ago, did you?"

"Well, no I didn't," she replied with a grin, "now, let's finish our shower before the hot water is all gone." *****

Sitting at the table after their shower, Jane took a sip of her coffee and looked out the window. The snow was still falling.

"I made a mistake last night," she told Paul, "I didn't call and inform anyone that you were here with me, and that you were safe." She gestured towards the window, "I'm sure that they believe you're still out there in all that."

"I tried to call this morning, before you were awake, but the phone lines are down." She shook her head and looked down at her coffee, "I'm sorry, Paul, I know there must be someone that you want to contact."

He put his cup down and took her hand, "No, Jane, there's no one I need, or want, to contact." He continued, "My parent's died last year in a car accident, and being an only child, I've been by myself since then."

"What about your grandparents or a girlfriend?" 

"There's no one, Jane, no one at all." He said.

Jane got up from the table, then walked to the window, and put her hands on the sill as she once again looked outside, at the snowy scene in front of her.

"One thing's for certain, Paul," she said, "There's no way on earth that anyone's going to be out there looking for you in this; so maybe we'll be ok, until the phone lines are restored." She turned from the window and smiled mischievously at him, "Yes, it looks like your going to be stuck here for a while, with me."

"I can think of much worse places to be stuck," he said, and then gave her his sexiest look, "And even a few that are much, much better."

"Is that right?" She replied, walking towards him with a lewd look in her eye, "And just where, pray tell, would those places be?"

"If you'll help me back to the bed; I just might show you," he said, holding his hand out to her.

She took his offered hand, then leaned down and kissed him hard on his lips, letting the tip of her tongue explore his mouth briefly, before helping him stand. Before moving to the bedroom, he untied her robe and pulled it off her shoulders, letting it fall to the floor. 

They stood at the foot of her bed, holding and kissing each other. His hands were caressing her gently, tracing invisible patterns on her skin, as she moaned her desire into his mouth.

Ever careful of his ankle, he maneuvered them to the edge of the bed, where they lay down beside one another. Looking longingly into his eyes, she turned on her side facing him and put her leg across his hips, then guided his mouth to her breast.

As his lips touched her, he flicked his tongue across the top of her swelling nipple, causing her to sharply draw her breath in several times and then pulled his head closer to her. His hand was caressing her other breast and gently pinching it's nipple between his thumb and forefinger. She took his hand and slid it slowly down her body, until it was resting between her thighs, and then separated one of his fingers and began to run it up and down her slit.

"Mmmmmmm," she sighed, "This is so sexy; using my hand to guide you to where I need your fingers to be."

Paul released her breast from his mouth and looked at Jane. Her eyes were closed and her lips were parted slightly, her forehead was creased with a few gentle lines of concentration, as she used Paul's hand to caress herself.

She lifted her leg from his hip and drawing her foot close to her ass, she let her knee fall to the side, allowing him much greater access to her warm center. Her hand continued to press his finger deeper into her cleft as she slowly rotated her hips.

Paul felt her arousal seeping from her, as she moved his hand between her legs. He wanted to excite her clit with his tongue, but knew that would come later, right now, she was in control.

Jane's whole being was, at this moment, located between the folds of her pussy. She had almost brought herself to a climax, but wanting to delay the intense feeling she knew would drive her over the edge, had kept from touching her clit. She was close now...so close.

"Ohhh, yessss, here it comessss," she cried, as she finally touched his fingertip to her waiting clit and pressed hard.

Her hips lifted off the bed as her orgasm raced through her body, her core was aflame with desire and she needed so much more to quench its burning feeling.

"Lick me, Paul," she moaned into his neck, "Oh God, please lick my pussy and make me cum again."

"I'll do whatever you want me to, Jane, gladly."

He slid down the bed until his head was between her legs, and then slowly started to lick his way down her inner thighs, then back, towards her moist center; almost, but never quite touching, her clit, where he knew, she wanted him to be.

She placed her hands on top of his head, hurriedly urging him to make the first contact on her needful clit. She pushed her hips upward, closer to his face, moaning for him to lick her.

When his tongue finally reached her clit, she moaned deep in her throat and urged him on.

"Eat me, Paul," she cried, "Eat my cunt." 

His tongue danced across her pussy, darting everywhere, missing nothing; his mouth sucking the juice from her moist folds; his fingers, finding her hot interior, and then slowly penetrating, only to be withdrawn and then pushed deep inside again. 

"Let me suck your cock," she said, "Turn, so I can suck you off while you eat me." 

Paul rearranged himself as quickly as he could and she wasted no time in reaching out to his swollen cock and sliding her mouth over it, sucking greedily.

As she sucked, one of her hands dropped down and began to caress his balls, lightly squeezing, and then pulling. Her tongue was twirling around the tip of his cock, driving him crazy.

"Ohhhh, sweet Jesus," he moaned, "That feels incredible, ohhhh, don't stop, don't stop doing that."

Her pussy felt like it was going to explode; his tongue was hitting all the right places and his fingers, driving in and out of her, was making her pussy flow with her juices. She released his ball's, and then throwing her arms around his hips, grabbed his ass and pulling him toward her, pushed his cock even deeper into her mouth.

"Shit, shit, ohhhhh shit!" He moaned, "I'm gonna do it nowww, I'm cumming."

She felt his cock twitch and then her mouth was flooded with his hot cum. She swallowed as much as she could manage, but some of it escaped and ran down her cheeks and dripped off her chin.

Her own orgasm followed rapidly; the intense feelings of her lust and desire draining from her spent body quickly filled his mouth with her release. 

As she turned her body to lie beside him, she kissed him deeply, tasting her own juices on his face and in his mouth. She put her arms around him and hugged him close, never wanting this moment to end. 

"After last night," Paul said, "I didn't think it would be possible to recreate the most satisfying sex I have ever had in my life, but today, it happened again."

"Oh, Paul, I feel the same way." "I don't think I want this snow to ever end; because when it does, I know that you'll want to be on you way."

He "Ah..., I was hoping that maybe..."

"Maybe what, Paul?"

"I was hoping that you might ask me to stay here for a while and see how things go. After my ankle gets better, I could help you out around here. I'm actually pretty handy with odd jobs."

"Yes, you sure are," she said laughing, "You sure are."