 Cheryl was doing some filing when she heard the men talking. She wasn't really paying any attention to it until she heard the words 'won the lottery'. Then she damned well listened a lot harder.

"What," Chester was saying, "Andy won it again?"

"He did," returned Mike, "and it was a jackpot this week."

"Arsy bastard," grumbled Chester. "How does he do it?"

"Ask him. There he is."

"Andy, you bastard," called Chester. "Did you really take out the jackpot this weekend."

"I did," came a laughing reply, "but keep you voice down. No need to shout it round or everyone will be wanting some of it."

"God forbid that you should have to share it," said Mike dryly. "You can, however, buy me and Chester a drink after work. I assume you're going to continue working for a while, and not heading off to Hawaii with your windfall?"

"I suspect I'll stay on for a while," came the reply. "I like the work and a man has to do something."

Cheryl heard the voices dwindle has the men continued down the hallway. "How nice," she mused. "Andy had won the jackpot, and not many people know just yet. I think the next time that he asks me out, I just might say yes."

Much to his surprise, Andy found himself having a date with the lovely Cheryl the next weekend. He had asked her before, always getting knocked back with varying degrees of rudeness, but had never let that bother him. He could put up with an acid tongue for a few minutes chatting with someone as lovely as her. The fact that she had smiled so sweetly and accepted was a real turn up. Fortunately, he had the wherewithal to provide a decent date.

Saturday night and Andy and Cheryl had dinner and then caught a show. After the show, Cheryl was quite happy to go to a nightclub for a few drinks and dances, seeming quite willing to be pleased by whatever Andy wanted, and also seemed willing to please Andy in return.

Finally escorting her home, Andy was only too willing to accept when Cheryl invited him up for some coffee before he went home.

Alone with Cheryl in her apartment, for Andy it wasn't so much a question of whether he should chance his arm but rather, how could he not? He reached over and drew her to him, looking for a negative sign and not getting one.

Bending his head Andy kissed her, finding her kissing him back tremulously at first, as though unsure that she should. Then she was kissing him back, catching fire from him and returning his kisses with her own.

Cheryl's responsiveness naturally drove Andy on, his masculine aggression coming to the fore. His hand dropped down and cupped her breast, squeezing lightly. Andy could feel Cheryl shiver slightly and her hand came up to cover his, but instead of pushing his hand away, hers just clung to him, holding his hand while he softly kneaded her breast.

Continuing kissing and stroking Cheryl with one hand, his other hand slipped her shoulders straps off, letting her dress fall to her waist, revealing two pale white globes cupped in lacy white silk.

Now Andy's hands dipped beneath the silk, finding and teasing Cheryl's nipples. One hand moved behind her and lingered on the clip of her bra. Drawing his head away from Cheryl for a moment, he sent her an enquiring look, teasing at the clip as he did so. Cheryl blushed prettily, but with no refusal coming Andy snapped open her bra. Moving slowly, he slipped the scrap of lace off her breasts and down her arms, his admiration for the beautiful breasts plain on his face.

Andy moved his mouth to the treasures exposed before him, tasting and teasing them. He gently sucked on the swollen nipples, drawing a small gasp of pleasure from Cheryl, who stood quiescent, subtly encouraging him.

Moving his hand behind her again, Andy slid his hand over Cheryl's smooth back and down to her dress. Finding the zip he slid it down and then, with a gently tug, Cheryl's dress continued its downward journey, finally lying pooled at her feet.

Standing back a pace, Andy admired the blushing figure standing in front of him, clad on in a pair of silky white bikini briefs. Not trying to hide from his gaze, Cheryl stood proudly, happy to show off her amazing figure.

Reaching over, Andy gently plucked at the waist of the panties.

"Take these off for me," he said softly.

Cheryl seemed to swallow. "I shouldn't," she said, watching him.

When Andy said nothing more Cheryl gulped, reached down and slowly rolled down her panties. Now she was standing before Andy nude, delighted by the effect she was having on him.

Seeing Cheryl nude before him Andy slowly smiled at her. He reached out and ran a finger over her shaven pussy, pressing slightly.

"Where's your bedroom?" he asked.

Cheryl shook her head slowly. "I shouldn't," she said. "This is a first date. I hardly know you."

Andy waited, confident that Cheryl would yield. He wasn't sure why, but he knew that the whole night had been leading up to this. She wanted to sleep with him, and he wasn't going to fight her off.

He held out his hand and Cheryl's small one slipped into it. Then she turned and led him to her room.

In her room, Andy turned to Cheryl. "Undress me," he told her.

Cheryl smiled at him and slid his jacket off. Slowly she undid his shirt buttons, taking her time and slipping her hand under the shirt to rub it across his chest. Once the shirt was undone, Cheryl pushed it off his shoulders, drawing the sleeves down his arms and off.

Kneeling, Cheryl undid Andy's shoes and took them off. Without bothering to stand, she reached for his belt, unbuckled it, undid the clip at the top of his fly and unzipped. Still kneeling she drew his trousers down, helping him to step out of them.

Still kneeling, Cheryl reached for Andy's jocks and started pulling them down slowly. As she tugged them down, revealing his erection, she used one hand to reach for and fondle him while the other helped him out of his jocks.

Andy watched as Cheryl moved forward and took his cock into her mouth. He shuddered slightly feeling her warm mouth close upon him, and then watched in fascination as her golden head bounced happily up and down as she pleasured his cock. He was almost ready to yell and come when she stopped and drew back.

"That is what is known as priming the pump," Cheryl told him. "Now you need to do something about sinking your shaft," she added, taking his hand and pressing it against her mound. 

"Take your time about sinking it," she murmured. "That will give you a chance to stabilise a bit. We wouldn't want you coming too soon, would we."

"Condom?" asked Andy, surprised that he was coherent enough to say anything. 

Cheryl pouted a little, wondering if she should refuse and decided not to. Plenty of time to take him without one. She reached into the drawer on the bedside table, extracting a small package, which she opened.

Looking up at Andy with a laugh on her face, Cheryl quickly rolled the condom onto him. Then taking his hand she sank back onto the bed, drawing him with her.

Once again Andy started paying loving attention to Cheryl's magnificent breasts. They were superbly responsive, swelling beneath his hot mouth and drawing little gasps of pleasure from her. His hand eased between her legs, encouraging them to part while he played with her labia, rubbing and kneading, then gently scratching along the sensitive inner lips.

It wasn't long before Cheryl was twisting and turning under his torturous touch, pushing her mound toward him, encouraging him to do more. Andy was happy to oblige, with his fingers easing between her lips and stroking Cheryl's inner flesh, sending more spirals of sensation arrowing deeper into her.

Feeling Cheryl's heat and dampness, Andy moved between her thighs, his erection probing at her slit. Cheryl edged her thighs wider, bending her knees and encouraging his entry. Now Andy was moving between her lips, poised at her vaginal opening. Slowly, and then with gathering speed, Andy plunged home into her, hearing her gasp of pleasure as he rapidly filled her.

Andy started moving within Cheryl, feeling her legs closing around him as he drove deeper into her. Soon they were coming together with ever increasing urgency, racing towards their desired climax. Andy found himself having to hurry to meet Cheryl's desperate lunges, feeling her arms and legs clinging to him as they slammed into each other.

Andy broke free, pulling fully out and away from Cheryl, laughing at her mewling cries as she tried to coax him back. Reaching for her, he encouraged her to roll onto her stomach, and lifted her bottom high.

Fully in control, Andy came surging back, making Cheryl scream with the suddenness and urgency of his invasion. He started slamming harder, hearing her squeal with each powerful thrust, the squeals starting to run into each other as he drove in faster.

Cheryl was writhing now, no longer able to control what was happening to her, feeling Andy dominate and use her, taking his pleasure the way he wanted it. She wasn't sure if she was screaming with fury at losing control or with passion from the lust that was ripping through her. She just knew that Andy was there, in her, filling her, dictating how she should feel.

Andy idly wondered what Cheryl would do if he stopped now and insisted on trying a new position. He was tempted, just for the hell of it, but knew that he was too close to the finish.

His long pleasurable strokes were changing, becoming shorter and faster as he strained to release himself, then he was coming with a rush and could hear Cheryl screaming as she also soared past him, flying on her own climax.

-- -

Walking Andy to the door later, Cheryl hinted that she wouldn't be averse to another date, soon. Andy was quite in agreement with this plan, arranging to pick her up the next day.

"You never know." he said, "The footy club may pay for tomorrows outing as well if I'm luck again."

"What do you mean," asked Cheryl, confused.

"Oh, I won the club lottery last weekend. It was a jackpot and I scored $250. Chester and Mike are pissed at me because it's the second time I've won this year."

"$250?"

"Yes. Useful money. It paid for tonight's dinner and show."

"I see." Cheryl opened her front door, watching Andy leave. "$250. A fortune. I'm surprised you didn't resign and take a trip to Hawaii with it."

Andy laughed. "That's exactly what Mike said."