 It was a beautiful morning as we all stood on the beach, watching, as a small rubber launch made it is way in our direction. 

"Well ladies, it looks as if we are going to be rescued after all," I said. 

"I wonder how long we've been here." Natalie asked. No one said a word, but I'm sure that each one of us had asked ourselves that same question.

"Who knows, we have all lost track of time," Angela said.

I turned to the girls and said, "Alright, you all know what to do. Now please, don't worry. I will be back for you as soon as I can, I promise."

All three of the girls said goodbye, then walked off into the tropical jungle and vanished.

That's when I began to think back to how this all started.

I had been sailing my boat around these islands for almost ten years, moving people and a little cargo. It was a good life and I enjoyed what I had been doing. The only wife that I had was my sailboat and the sea. Though I must admit it was nice to have a warm loving female to curl up with from time to time, I had not found one who cared to stay with both the sea and me.

I had a place in Hawaii on the island of Molokai, where my homeport is located. I called my business Dave Elite Charter Service and had two locals working as deck hands. One morning I received a call from one of them telling me that there were three very attractive women down at the dock looking for a boat. He went on to say that they looked like they had money. I dropped what I was doing and made a fast trip down to the docks.

There they were, all three of them sitting on their bags waiting for me. From the way they were dressed, I would say they were executives. High heeled shoes, dark stockings, two-piece suits, and high dollar hairdos. You could even smell their perfume ten feet away! They were slim, trim, and bulging in all the right places. They had money all right.

I walked up to them and said, "I understand you ladies need a boat."

They all looked me over before one of them stepped forward. She glanced over her shoulder at my boat, then turned and asked, "Is this sailboat yours?"

I spoke up and said, "Yes".

"Is it for hire?" She asked.

"For a small price. Where would you like to go?"

She walked over, put her arm around mine, and slowly walked me down the dock. I could really smell the high dollar perfume now. In a low voice she said, "We need to get off this island and we don't need any questions asked. Can you help us?"

"What is your name?" I asked.

"You can call me Linda."

"Well Linda, it will cost you."

"How far could you take us if we gave you five thousand dollars?" Linda asked.

"Lady, I can sail you halfway around the world for that much money. But when do you need to leave?" I asked.

One of the other women spoke up. "Right now."

I turned slowly and looked very cautiously at all three of the women. "I'm to understand that you three need to leave right now, and you don't care where I take you?"

One of the women stood up and said. "As long as it's away from this place, and we stay in the tropics."

I turned to my deck hands and said. "Go down to the store, buy enough supplies for a two week trip, and return as quickly as possible."

I then turned back to the woman and said, "Ladies, let's get onboard."

I picked up their bags and carried them onto the boat and down below to the guest accommodations.

I told the women, "If I was trying to leave this island without being noticed, I would try my best to look like vacationer or tourist. Your suits stand out like a sore thumb."

With that, one of the girls pulled off her coat and blouse. She stood nude from the waist up; you could see that she was enjoying the cooler air as she fanned herself. I could not help noticing that her breasts were large and round, her nipples long, and a dark cherry red. At that moment, one of the other women asked if it would be all right if they paid for half the trip now and the rest when we got to wherever we were going. 

"Yes, that will be just fine" I said, pulling my eyes away.

I walked back to the aft hatch and went out onto the deck, making my way to the aft mooring lines. One of the women walked up to me. She had on string bikini panties and her blouse was open down the front. She handed me an envelope full of money. 

"Here, you can count it if you like."

"No, I'm sure it is all there." I pushed it into my pocket and went about my work.

It must have been a good thirty minutes before my crew got back to the boat. When they came on board one of them came up to me and said in a low voice, "The law is down at the store asking about three women."

"Did you say anything?" I asked.

"Not a word."

"Good, let's cast off the mooring lines and get started."

Just then, one of the girls came up onto the deck. I turned, looked at her, and said, "They're asking about you in town. If I were you, I would stay down below and out of sight until we get out of the harbor."

"Do you know how hot it is down there?" she replied.

"Honey, if you think it's hot down below just try the local lockup this time of the year." 

She gave me a hard look, but turned and went below without another word.

In no time we were moving slowly out of the harbor and out towards the open ocean. Once we were in the clear, I told one of the deck hands to take control of the wheel as I went down below.

I walked in and all three women were nearly nude in nothing but their bikini panties. They were fanning themselves, trying their best to cool down. I told them it would help to turn on the fans, and when we got further away from land, they could come up on deck.

One of the girls said, "Thank God, I never dreamed it could get this hot!"

I thought to myself, where have these women come from. It is hot like this all the time around here.

My deck hands had gotten the sails up and the wind was now at our back. It felt good having the wind in our sails.

I walked over to the hatch and called out to my passengers, informing them that it was all right to come up on deck and get some fresh air. When they came up from down below, you could see that they were a little more relaxed, and so was I. 

We sailed the rest of the day until it was dark and the wind had died down. We dropped the anchor for the night and all began feeling a little more relaxed about being out into the open sea and away from land.

At first light the next morning, the crew and I were up, waiting for the first sign of wind to fill our sails. While we were waiting, one of the deck hands had made coffee and breakfast for everyone. The girls slowly made their way to the galley and began to eat. You could tell that no one was in a hurry this morning.

It was not long before the wind had filled our sails and we were on our way again.

I had one of the deck hands take control of the wheel and I went down below to my cabin and pulled out a chart of the area. After pondering over it for some time, I found a small island that would be just the place for these women to hole up. I took my map to the galley table where I laid it out and showed them the little island. 

"I think this would be a nice spot to hide away for a while, until the law gives up and stops hunting for you."

Linda asked, "What is on that island?"

"Well, there is a nice little resort there and it has a small airstrip. The fishing is very good and you can charter a boat from there. They even have a small hospital. It is just a nice little out of the way place and there aren't too many people."

"Sounds like a nice little spot. What do you girls think?" Linda asked.

They all agreed it was worth looking at.

I went up to the deck, back to the wheel, and told my deck hand of our new heading. In just moments, I could feel the boat shifting as we changed course.

We sailed all day and as night came upon us, I noticed a slight change in the wind. There was some cloud cover and I could see lightning on the horizon, but I had seen these condition lots of times. I didn't think much about it at the time, but I knew we would have to keep an eye on the weather.

I had just gotten into my bunk to get some sleep when I realized that there was a warm, naked body in my bed. Just then, a women's soft voice said, "Please don't say a word, I need you tonight." She began to kiss me while she found my penis and began slowly stroking it with her hand. I didn't know what to think, I was dumbfounded.   

It wasn't long before I felt her wet lips and tongue as they engulfed the head of my penis. She sucked long, hard, and from time to time, she would stop, and we would kiss. You could tell that she loved to push her long wet tongue deep into my mouth as she stroked my penis with her hand. 

We kissed and played with each other's bodies until we both were lustful for each other. I could feel her clit hanging out of its hiding place waiting for me to caress and play with it. She moaned as I brushed her inner thighs with my fingers. I let my fingers slowly caress her pussy. All the time we were kissing each other, our wet tongues trading saliva. 

My fingers slowly found the rose bud opening of her ass. She stopped kissing me and pulled away from my face, moaning as she arched her back and held her head high into the air showing her pleasure at my action. Then in a very soft voice, she said, "Oh yes! Oh, that feels so damn good." Then I pushed one of my fingers into the tight opening.

She looked at me and a smile came to her face as she said. "Oh… God… do I love that baby, please don't stop, please keep it there in my ass." We kissed again. 

With my thumb, I began to massage her clit slowly. It wasn't long before I could feel her shaking and jerking, then breathing heavily. Her clit became very hard and her open pussy began dripping her love juice. Her tongue was deep into my mouth now and she was beside herself with lust. 

Our foreplay lasted a little longer and then she whispered into my ear. "Oh Dave, I love what you just did for me. Thank you." Then her mouth found my cock.

Her tongue licked and teased the head of my penis until I thought it would burst. Then, she consumed my entire cock. It felt wonderful; I had not had anyone suck my cock for ages. She would suck and lick my penis and then she would kiss it, again take it into her mouth, and suck hard. She was massaging my balls the entire time that she was sucking on my cock. Oh, how I loved it! 

Then she quit and, climbing over my body, took my cock into her hand, and guided it into her wet, slippery pussy. We must have fucked each other for over an hour when I spoke up and said, "Honey I am going to come now." 

"That's what I'm here for Sugar; let me have all of it." She said. My penis shot load after load of my warm cum and I could feel her pussy close up around me. I could tell she loved to fuck as she slowly she lifted herself off my penis. She took her hand and caught the drippings from her pussy, and with my sperm running down her hand she licked it until it was clean of our juices. She licked and sucked the remaining sperm that was still clinging to my penis and balls.

About that time, I whispered into her ear and asked, "Which one of you girls have I just fucked?"

She laughed and said, "I'm Angela, and I hope you will welcome me back again. I just love to fuck and suck cock." 

"Of course, you are welcome anytime. As a matter of fact, I would like you to spend the rest of the night here with me."

"Thanks, I would love to." Angela said.

We both drifted off to sleep, curled up in each other's arms.

I suddenly awoke from my sleep. It must have been around four a.m.; the boat was rolling and pitching.

Angela woke up, asking, "What's happening?"

"I am going to check on the weather. Go on back to sleep."

"I'll go back to my bunk," she replied.

"No, it's best that you stay here. The boat is rolling and you could fall." 

I was trying to find my shorts, when in walked Linda and Natalie. They asked, "What's wrong?" 

"It's the weather; I'm going to check on it." 

I climbed up onto the deck and looked the sky over. It looked like a real storm was coming up. I went below and awoke the deck hands. 

I told the girls to get dressed and find themselves life vests, and to stay down below.

The deck hands and I had powered up the motor and were trying to control the boat as best as we could. I couldn't believe how bad the storm had become. The rain was coming down in sheets and the wind howled. The water was rolling over the deck of the boat. I tied down the wheel and went forward. I found one of my deck hands. 

I asked him where his mate was. 

He replied, "He fell overboard." 

Just then, a massive wave broke over the boat and down onto us. When we came out from under that wave, my other deck hand was gone. I spotted him 20 yards or more from the boat. Then a wave took him under and that was the last I saw of him. 

I quickly made my way back to the stern of the boat, trying my best to hang onto anything that I could. I managed to get the aft hatch open and got below. 

I found my passengers holding on to each other for dear life. I reached out, pulled all three of the women into my arms, and said, "We are alone. We have lost both of the deck hands. The wind is so damn bad that I may not be able to control the boat. You stay down here and hang on."

I pulled myself back onto the deck. The wind was really howling now. I checked to see if the motor was running; it wasn't. I tried to start it but to no avail. I knew we were in trouble. The only thing that I had any control over was the rudder, so I began to operate the wheel and tried my best to steer the boat.

The storm kept up for hours. Then out of nowhere, between the waves, I thought I saw a strip of land. Moments later, I saw it again, and I realized we were going to crash onto the beach and I was helpless to prevent it. 

I tied down the wheel, opened the hatch, and went below.

I told the girls that things were bad and that we were going to run aground. "We have to brace ourselves for the impact." I no more than had the words out of my mouth when we hit the beach. Everything started crashing down around us. Then we stopped moving and there wasn't any light, but we could hear the wind and rain beating down on the deck. 

I yelled out to everyone, hoping someone was still alive. To my surprise, they all answered me, and replied that they were all right.

We pulled ourselves up and crawled out onto the deck in the howling wind and rain. That was when I got a big surprise. We were almost all the way into the tree line of the island. I told the girls to get back down below, that we weren't going anywhere. We would have to sit out the storm on the boat.

"How bad is the boat?" Linda and Natalie asked.

"I'm not sure, but it doesn't look good." 

Then Angela asked, "Where are we?" 

"Hell if I know!"

The rain came down for hours and the wind howled just as long. Finally, the rain stopped and the wind began to subside. 

I told the girls that we should check things out. It was still sprinkling, but we could see the damage to the boat. 

We all stood there, looking at what was left of the boat. Everyone knew that she would never sail again. The whole underside of the boat was completely gone. 

"Do you have one of those emergency beacons or something to call for help?" Linda asked.

"Yes of course, but that will also bring the law to you girls. Now do you really think I should use it?"

"Hell no… we don't need that. If they catch up with us, we will be in jail for twenty years or more!" Natalie said.

I turned around and gave her a deep hard look. "Just what in the hell did you girls do anyway?" 

"We robbed the bank where we worked of twenty-three million dollars," Angela said.

"Twenty-three million dollars! Where do you have the money?" I asked.

"It's inside the boat." Linda said. 

"You girls mean to tell me that you brought onboard twenty-three million dollars of stolen money?" 

"Yep," Angela said.

"Where is it?" 

"The money is in the bags that we brought onboard with us." Linda said.

"Is that all that is in those bags?" I asked.

"Yes, we don't even have a change of clothes with us. We were going to buy what we needed when we got to where we were going." Angela said.

"What a fix I have gotten myself into. Here I am with three bank robbers on an island that may not even be on the maps, and I am unable to call for help! I have lost my boat and my crew, there may not be any food or water on this island, and to top everything else off, and you girls don't have anything to wear!" 

"Well, we are alive . . . and rich!" Linda said.

"Oh, now you're calling me rich. I didn't steal that money, you did!" 

"We'll buy you a new boat." Natalie said.

I looked at her and asked, "Where in the hell am I going to buy a boat out here? Look around you. We don't even know where we are!" 

The girls all stood there looking at each other.

I sat down on the beach looking at what was left of my boat, and then looked back at the three women. "Well, like it or not, we are all in this together. There's no one that is going to help us, so it looks like it's up to us to help ourselves."

We still have a little sail left and there is a lot of rope. We can make ourselves a canvas shelter. We also have some fresh water and food. I think I have some fishing gear if the storm didn't damage it. There are a couple of shotguns in my cabin and a box of shells." 

There is a lot that we can use to set up a camp. I just hope we can find fresh water."

Linda spoke up and asked, "Dave, you're not going to even try to get us off this island and to civilization, are you?" 

"Look, you girls asked for an out of the way place to hole up at until the heat blows over. Well, with the help of nature, it appears that this island is just that." 

"What are we going to do for clothes?" Natalie asked. Everyone just looked at each other with a questioning look on their faces. 

I thought about it for a few minutes and then said, "Well . . . you may have to start wearing grass skirts." 

"That's a great idea." Angela said.

"I don't think much of that idea." Natalie said.

"Girls, stop worrying about things that we can't control." 

By this time, the storm was completely over. I went back onboard the boat and found my shotgun and some shells. Then I told the girls that we should scout the island to see what we could find. 

"Do you suppose there are any people here?" Natalie asked,

"Well, if there were I think that they would have already been down here checking us out." I said. "Come on, let's go take a look around and see what is here." 

We made our way inland through the palm trees. That is when we came upon a small pool of water. I tasted it; it was fresh and cool. 

"Girls, we'll set up our camp near this pool of water. Let's spread out and see what else we can find." 

It was not long before Linda called out that she had found some tracks. We all walked over to where she was standing and looked them over. 

"I'm not much on tracks, but that could be a wild bore." 

"Is that good?" Angela asked.

"Did you ever have bacon for breakfast?" 

She smiled and said, "Yes."

"Well, I think that's bacon, Honey." 

We had scouted around the island for a good two hours before returning to the beach where the boat was.

I told the girls that we would sleep on board the boat until we had our shelter and camp set up. 

Just before dark, we found some driftwood and dragged it to a spot on the beach, to start a bonfire. 

That night we ate our evening meal from the supplies that were onboard the boat. We were all a little depressed about what had happened. I had found a bottle in my cabin that had survived the storm. We were all sure happy to have it. We all gathered around the fire, lying on the beach drinking. It wasn't long before we started to feel the effects of the alcohol. Linda stood up, took off what little clothing she had on, and said, "I'm going native. From now on, I'm not wearing anything." 
