 Jane Marsh put down her pen and stood to answer the telephone by the forth ring.

"Hello."

"Jane, how are you?" The voice at the other end of the line paused for a second or two before continuing.

"The sheriff was just here and left word that there's a hiker lost somewhere near your cabin."

"How does the sheriff know that he's around here?" Jane asked the caller.

"The man left notice with the park ranger that he was going to attempt to hike the Dunn Trail in two days. Your property borders the worst part and we thought you might want to know."

"Hell, I know the trail," Jane told him, "and there's no way it can be done in just two days."

"Yeah, I know, but some of these nature freaks...well, they just don't listen to good reason most of the time."

"I'll take a quick walk up that way and see if I can spot him," she said as she glanced out the window, "we have about five hours of daylight left and it's looking like its going to snow any minute."

"Yeah, that's what they are calling for, maybe twelve inches tonight, then more tomorrow."

"Yeah, lucky us."

"Ok, Jane, you be careful up there."

"I always try, thanks."

Jane replaced the receiver on its cradle and walked back to her desk. She looked at the notes she had been writing before the call and decided that she needed a break anyway. She walked to the mudroom and slipped her feet into her snow boots, then took her parka off its hook and put it on. Checking the woodstove one last time, she walked out her back door, and into the coming storm.

As she walked upward towards the head of the trail, she mused about the turn of events in her life that had brought her here. The break up with David had been unexpected and painful. Coming home from work on that day, to discover that he had packed his things and gone, leaving a simple note on the coffee table;

"Jane, this just isn't going to work for me. I'm sorry. David"

One line, just one fucking line, and that's all it took for him to completely destroy her world. She had no earthly idea of why he decided to do this to her or why he did it in the manner that he did. He didn't even have the courage to actually face her and explain his feelings. He didn't even offer her the chance to try and work things out between them. He just left her, destroyed her, with one fucking line.

After David left, she used the opportunity to take her grandmothers offer of the old cabin in Dale's Glenn, where she might be able to pull herself and her life back together.

At 32, she still had the looks that made most men turn and look at her twice. Shoulder length blond hair, fair complexion and eyes the color of the sky on a clear day. She was an avid outdoors type woman, in very good shape, and liked nothing better than taking long walks in the forests and along the many trails in the desolate area that she now called home.

The sky had grown darker with each passing minute and the bite of the cold air against her face brought her back from her memories.

As she looked around to get her bearings, the snow began to fall. Large, fluffy, pure white flakes as big as quarters, soon made it almost impossible for her to see more than thirty feet in any direction.

She entered the woods at the head of the trail and wondered about the lost hiker. Had he even made it this far? She suspected that he probably had, and was further down the trail to her left. With the snow starting to cover the ground around her, she turned, took a deep breath of the cold air and started down the trail, looking for the lost hiker.

After forty minutes of steady walking, she had not seen so much as a rabbit. The snow was now two or three inches deep and the sky had darkened to a deep, dull, gray. If she didn't see anything of her hiker within the next thirty minutes or so, she would have to abandon the search or risk getting herself lost in this blizzard. 

She reached a point on the trail that she decided was as far as she ought to go in this weather.

"Ok, that's it," she said aloud, "this is as far as I go."

As she was turning around to start back, something dark and out of place caught her eye. She moved closer to the edge of the trail and realized that she had found the lost hiker.

He was sitting on the ground with his back against a large cedar tree, ten feet off the trail. Although the tree had provided him some protection from the snow, he still had a heavy dusting covering his body. He appeared to be asleep, but with all the snow falling, it was hard for her to tell.

"Hello, are you alright?" She shouted, but the man did not stir or react to her voice.

She carefully climbed down to where he was and nudged his foot, causing him to moan in pain.

"Mister, what happened?" "Are you all right?"

He moaned again and slowly opened his eyes, looking up at her.

"Please help me," he whispered so quietly that she had to lean closer to hear him say, "I've hurt my ankle."

She kneeled by his feet and noticed that his left boot was untied, with the lacing completely undone. When she gently put her hand on it, he groaned in pain.

"I slipped in the snow and fell," he told her, "and must have landed with my foot under me." 

"Yes, it sure looks that way." She agreed.

"I managed to crawl over here to get out of the snow, but when I tried to stand up, I couldn't." "It hurt too much to put any weight on it."

"Think you can try standing again, with my help?"

He looked at her, nodded his head and held out his hand.

As she helped him get to his feet, she couldn't help but notice that he was a good-looking man, probably in his early twenties. Because of his bulky outer clothing she couldn't tell anything about his build, but being a hiker, she knew that he would be in shape.

"Doing all right?" She asked. "Can you put any of your weight on it at all?"

"No, well, maybe just a little, with your help."

"Go ahead and put your arm across my shoulder and I'll put my arm around your back." "Put some of your weight on me, I'm not as flimsy as I might look."

"By the way, since we're going to be traveling close together for a while, my name is Jane."

"It's very good to meet you Jane; I'm Paul, Paul Edwards."

"Well, Mr. Paul Edwards, we better get started because it's about a three hour walk back to my cabin, and with this snow and your ankle, it's going to be difficult journey."

They made their way slowly back up to the trail, and then headed off to her cabin. 

*****

The darkness of a winter night had descended by the time Jane and Paul arrived back at her cabin. They were exhausted, hungry, wet and very cold. Paul had done well on the trip back, stopping only twice to rest and never complaining of his injured ankle. He was elated when she announced that the cabin was just over the next hill.

She opened the front door and helped Paul come inside, then pulled a chair over by the woodstove and sat him in it. She helped him take off his heavy coat, and then placed a small footstool in front of him. She was as gentle as possible as she lifted his injured leg and placed it on the stool, and then carefully removed his boot. Paul's ankle was swollen and colored in deep shades of black and blue; his foot was as cold as a block of ice. She knew that he needed to have a cold pack applied to ease the swelling but thought that it could wait because he needed to warm his body first. Jane went to her bedroom and gathered the warm comforter off her bed and returned to the front room.

"Paul, you need to get out of those wet jeans," and handed him the comforter. "I'll help you if you need me to."

"I think I can do that by myself." He said as he unbuckled his belt.

When he tried to pull his pants off, he found that he would need her help after all.

"I guess I can't do it by myself," he told her, "but there's something I better tell you first."

"No problem, just lift your butt off the chair a little and I'll slip these out from under you." 

"But...But," he sputtered, "You need to know that...." When she had his jeans off his butt and started down towards his knees, she couldn't help but see that he wasn't wearing underwear and that even though he was still cold, the cold had no effect on his maleness. 

"That's what I was trying to tell you," he said, "I never wear them."

"Oh." She said and laughed nervously, "Well, here, you might want to cover yourself to stay warm," and tossed him the comforter.

She asked if he wanted a bowl of hot soup and maybe a sandwich, to which he readily agreed. Going into her small kitchen, she gathered the ingredients and started their dinner.

"Is ham and cheese ok with you, Paul?" "And mushroom soup?"

"That would be great, Jane, all I had with me the last two days, was some trail mix."

After preparing the food, she picked up a TV tray and set it beside him, then brought his dinner and asked him if he wanted something to drink.

"I have water, tea or wine," she told him.

"Wine would be nice, if you don't mind."

"Yeah, I think wine too," she said, "might help us warm up."

Opening the bottle of wine, she grabbed two glasses from the dish drainer and filled them generously.

"I better warn you though, this is homemade dandelion wine and it packs a real punch."

"Did you make it?"

"No, an old man from town makes it, and then gives it to his friends as gifts."

"Good kind of friend to have," he said.

"Yeah, I suppose so, but he's an odd one though. Lives by himself with just his dogs as companions and goes to town once a month when his check comes in; but he makes a hell of a wine."

They finished their food and she cleaned up what little mess there was and disposed of it in the trash.

"Would you like more wine?" "Yes, I would, and your right, I can feel myself getting warmer by the minute." "It's also making my foot feel a little better too."

"Good, I'm glad to hear that," she said.

As she poured the wine, she realized that this was the first time that she had been alone with a man since David had left her. This man was a total stranger and injured as well. But here she was, drinking wine with him and actually enjoying his company.

It had been so long since she had enjoyed anything with a man, that having Paul here was beginning to put ideas in her head that had been hidden for a long while; especially after she had seen what was under the comforter and now just a few feet away.

"Damn," she thought to herself, "I think I'm getting a buzz, too."

"I'll be back in a few minutes," she told him, "I want to get out of these clothes and put something else on."

"If you need any help, just call me," he said and they both laughed.

She entered the bedroom and took her clothes off then looked at herself in the mirror on the back of the door. She had on plain white cotton panties and a bra so old that it didn't have any shape left to it.

"This won't do," she thought opening her dresser drawer. She removed a pair of silky bikini panties, looked once again in the mirror and decided she wasn't going to wear a bra at all.

"It's not like he's going to be seeing this anyway," she thought, "but it makes me feel better."

She grabbed her robe and put it on as she walked out to join him.

*****

"We had better do something about your ankle before we have any more wine." She told him, "I don't know about you, but I'm enjoying my buzz."

She pulled the cover off his foot and leaned down to look at it. She was aware that her robe had opened at the top and that if he was looking, could see her breast. Just thinking this thought sent a pleasurable feeling racing through out her body.

His ankle still looked bad, but the swelling had gone down somewhat. She turned her head to look at him and saw that he was looking into her open robe; that his eyes were fastened on her tits. Glancing towards his covered lap, she noticed that the swelling was not limited to his ankle.

She stood and made an attempt to close her robe but after seeing his reaction to her tits, and these new feelings that were coursing thru her body, decided to see how far this could go.

"Did you like what you just saw?" she asked.

"Yes, I did," he said sheepishly, "It's been quite a while since I've seen a woman with such beautiful breasts."

She felt like she was blushing from her head to her toes, but she had opened this door and now, must enter. She sat back down on her chair beside him and placed her hand on his forearm.

"It's been a long time since anyone has said that to me, in fact, it's been a long time that I even wanted a man to say that to me." "Look, Paul, I can't explain why I'm feeling this way tonight; maybe it's the wine, the snow, or the fact that you're injured. "Maybe it's just that I'm so damned lonely that I don't know how to act around a man anymore."

He picked her hand up and slowly brought it to his lips, then kissed her fingers.

"The reasons why don't matter," he said, "What matters is that we're here and you're a beautiful and very desirable woman." "In fact, if you want to know, I've been turned on since you found me on the trail this afternoon." 

She looked again at his lap and laughed softly, "Yes, I see that you are."

He placed her hand on his lap where she could feel his hardness through the comforter and smiled at her.

"Go ahead, Jane, touch me all you want."

She slowly drew the comforter down until she saw the tip of his engorged penis, sighed, and then removed the cover from his lap completely.

She took her hand and rubbed it down the length of his member, then taking it in her hand, slowly and gently, started to slide it up and down his rigid shaft.

"God, it's so hard and warm," she told him.

"Ohhh, that feels good," he sighed, "Your hand is so soft." She watched her hand as it made its repeated trips up and down his cock, she could feel the veins pulsing just under his flesh. She wondered how he would taste; then surprised herself, by leaning over and taking him in her mouth.

As the head of his swollen cock entered her mouth, she began to use her tongue on him. Swirling it around the tip and gently darting into his little hole. She opened her mouth wider and took in more of his cock. Her hand continued to stroke his shaft as she worked on bringing him to the inevitable conclusion.

"Oh my God," he moaned, "If you don't stop doing that, I'm going to cum before I want to." 

She responded by moving her hand faster and sucked him deeper into her mouth, her tongue constantly moving across his tool.

He placed his hand on the top of her head as his hips lifted off the chair and he cried out, "Now!" "Oh God yes," "I'm cumming now."

She removed her mouth from his cock as he started to cum, and watched as the first hot jet of his release arced into the air and fell on his flat stomach. His cock jerked lightly in her hand and another stream of his essence was launched, running down across her hand.

Looking up at his face as the last of his orgasm diminished, she was pleased to see that he was watching her intensely, then leaned forward and drew the robe off her shoulders, exposing her breasts to his view.

"Did you enjoy that?" She asked as her body warmed under his steady gaze.

"Oh God, yes, I did," "I needed that badly and your hand felt so good on me." He told her.

"I hope that I didn't cause your leg to hurt."

"Not at all," he said, "All my attention was focused on your hand and the feelings in my cock."

"Paul, I want you to know something, I've never done anything like that before in my life."

He took her hand in his and said, "I'm not judging you, Jane, far from it," he continued, "I'll let you in on a little secret of mine. This has never happened to me in my life either."

She smiled at him and gently laughed, glad that the issue was behind them now. Leaning forward, she kissed him for the first time and he responded by opening her mouth with his tongue and caressing the inside of her mouth. She wrapped her arms around him and responded to his kiss in kind.

He brought his hand up and gently caressed the swell of her breast, then rubbed across her nipple, bringing it to quick attention. She moaned with her arousal, then shrugged her robe off completely and carefully straddled his waist. Pulling the crotch of her panties aside she pressed her hand against her pussy and realized how hot she was for this man.

"I want you now, Paul," she whispered in his ear, "I want to feel your hardness deep inside of me."

He pulled her towards him and took a nipple in his mouth, sucking it gently, as she reached between them to grasp his hardening cock and placed the tip of it against her wetness, slowly rubbing it up and down her slit.

Each time his cock head rubbed against her clit, an involuntary tremble coursed through her body. She could feel her wetness seeping from her pussy and onto his cock, making it slick to her touch. When she placed him at her entrance, he pushed up with his hips slightly and she felt him enter her at last.

"Mmmmm," she moaned, settling herself down on his cock completely.

She placed her hands on his shoulders to help support herself and keep her from putting to much weight on his leg. He put his hands under her ass cheeks and used his strong arms to help guide her up and down on his cock.

"Oh God, this feels so good," she said.

As she sank down on his cock again she could feel his pubic bone against her clit and pressed herself harder against him, rocking back and forth. The friction against her clit was exquisite and she relished the wanton feelings running wild, through her body.

Paul pulled her closer to him, found her waiting mouth, and kissed her deeply. She pushed herself down on his cock as far as she could, then lifted her ass till he was barely in her, and then plunged down again. Over and over she impaled herself on his cock, till at last, she felt her climax fast approaching.

"I'm going to cummmm," she breathed, "I'm going to cum NOWWWW!"

She rammed herself down tightly against the bottom of his cock; thrust her tongue back deep into his mouth and felt her pussy begin to spasm and her woman's juice flood her tunnel.

"I have to cum too," he shouted, "I want to cum in your pussy, so bad."

"Oh God...oh God, yes, cum in me.... cum in my pussy," "Now."

"Ohhhhhhh," he groaned. His cock began to spray the insides of her pussy with his hot cum; pulse after pulse of his essence filling her tight hole, until it began to leak out from around his hardness and make its way slowly down to the crack of his ass.

She sat astride him, still impaled on his cock, as her own orgasm subsided.

"It' been a long time since I had anything that felt that good," she said, as she held him close to her, "And I loved it."

"It was great for me too, he said, "I just wish that my leg wasn't hurt." "I could have done other things... to make you feel even better."

"Oh yeah," she asked smiling at him, "like what."

He licked his thumb and placed it against her clit, then slowly, ever so gently, began to rub it in small circles.

"Do you like to have a man go down on you and lick and suck your pussy?" He asked.

"Mmmmmm, oh yes," "But it's been so long since I've had that done to me." She started to slowly rock back and forth on his pubic bone again.

"My last boyfriend didn't like to do it to me, guess he thought it was beneath him or something, but he sure didn't mind it when I went down on him."

"Yeah, looking back now, I can honestly say, that he was a prime asshole."

His thumb's motions on her clit, was having the desired effect on her body. Her breathing became shallower, almost like a pant; her chest was sporting a rosy, flushed appearance. Her head was tilted to the side, and her eyes were closed as she was swept along on the delicious feeling between her legs.

"I want to go down on you," he said, "I want to taste how sweet your pussy must be."
