 Pushing you back on the bed... I'm kissing your sweet mouth... running my long nails up and down your chest... I pull your hands up the headboard and tie them securely with a slip knot... silk ropes so they are comfortable... stepping up onto the bed, I stand above you... tight skirt... thigh high stocking that I know you love... and heels... no panties... I straddle your head swaying my hips, bending my knees as I lower my pussy down towards you. 

You can see my glistening pussy... mmmmm sooo wet and hot for you honey. I step off the bed and move to your feet... caressing and massaging them... each in turn... then kissing and licking my way up the inside of your left leg... inside you thigh... my silky hair caressing your skin as I move... I reach your balls and I lick them... taking one in my mouth and sucking it softly... twirling my tongue around and around it... then move to the next one... treating it with the same loving care... then move up... kissing your pelvic bone... then up to your hips... my hair caressing your throbbing cock... but I'm not gonna touch it... yet... 

I move up your sweet body to your nipples... licking one then blowing on it till it gets hard for me... taking it between my teeth I bite it softly and flick my hot slick tongue against it... then move to the other and do the same... I straddle your stomach and you can feel the heat and wetness of my hot cunt against your skin... I lean forward and kiss your mouth... soooo sweet... sooo tender... sucking your tongue into my mouth... mmmmmm you feel soooo good against my pussy... I move my hips forward and back rubbing myself on your stomach... I move a bit further and put my nipples right in front of your mouth... my full breast hanging in your face and tell you lick them... don't suck them... just lick them... get my nipples good and hard... I am moaning as I feel your tongue against my sensitive nipples... I push my breasts together the nipples are touching... suck them now baby... both at the same time... as you take them in your mouth and begin sucking my pussy become hotter and wetter as I rub against you... can you feel how hot and wet my cunt is for you baby... your mouth is soooo good... 

I want to feel it on my pussy... I move again and straddle your mouth... I reach down and pull open the thick swollen pussy lips so that I can watch you tongue my clit... I lower my pussy down on your mouth... oohhh gawddd... you tongue is like fire against my wet pussy... sooooo nice... I move my hips and push my pussy against your face... oh gawd... that is soooo good... I can feel your tongue flittering against my clit... I am just gushing juices all down your face... mmmmmm oohhh yesss baby... suck it... make me cum for you... I know you want my cum in your mouth... c'mon baby... taste me... I reach up and cup my tits and pinch my nipples hard... the feeling of your hot tongue slipping deep inside and then flicking over my clit is more than I can stand... my body starts to shake and I am moaning and then screaming... OH GAWD I'M CUMMINGGGG OH BABY SUCK MEEEEEE... 

I gush my cum all over your mouth... my pussy convulsing around your tongue... ohhh yesss. my whole body racked with spasms... cumming soooo goood... mmmmmmmmmmm every time you touch my sensitive clit my whole body twitches... I move again and lay down next to you... kissing your mouth and sucking your tongue into my mouth... tasting my cum on your face... licking your chin and cheeks and then kissing you deep again... ohhh baby... that was sooo wonderful... now I am going to please you... I look down and see your cock throbbing... precum oozing from the top... mmmm looks delicious... let me taste it... mmmmmm... 

I kneel between your legs and lean forward and lick the tip of your cock... mmmmm your precum is sooo sweet... tastes so good... slipping the head into my mouth I twirl my tongue around and around the tip... sucking softly... then slip down a bit more... moving slowly up and down on the head... sooo silky... sooo sweet... I move my mouth down till it hits the back of my throat... I push a bit more and the head slips into my throat and every sweet inch of your throbbing cock is in my mouth... fuck my mouth... raise your hips and slide it in and out... mmmmm I can feel your cock throbbing in my throat... going up and down... sooo smooth... damn that feels sooo good... I begin moving a bit faster and I can feel the head of your cock begin to swell... I know your gonna cum soon... as much as I would love to swallow your cum... I want your cum in my pussy... I lift my mouth from your cock and move to straddle your hips... holding your thick cock in my hand... I guide the head inside... aaahhh soooo tight... sooo hot... I slip down on the head and stop... squeezing... milking the head of your cock with my tight cunt... I pull it out again... rubbing the silky head against my clit... looking into your beautiful eyes... tell me what you want baby... "fuck me you bitch"... you scream at me... 

"fuck me good... fuck me hard"... a wicked smile crosses my lips... I slide your cock back inside... lowering myself down a bit more and I stop and squeeze hard on your cock with my pussy... slipping up and down only on the first few inches... I pull your cock out again... you moan loudly... "you teasing cunt"... "fuck me"... I slowly rub it on my throbbing hard clit... mmmmmm baby you feel soooo good inside me... you want every inch buried in me???... I slide it back inside and slide soooooo slowly... all the way down... till I am filled with your cock... all the way down and I grind my ass down on you milking your cock... soooo sweet... 

I lean forward and kiss you deep... your hard cock buried deep in me... my tongue slide into your mouth... I reach up and untie the slip knot... I look down into your face and smile... I am yours honey... do with me anything you will... make me cum on your cock... fuck me hard... and make me cum for you. then fill me full of your sweet cum... You quickly roll me over onto my back and push my hands above my head... wrapping the rope round and around my wrists... looping it through the headboard... your cock buried in my tight cunt... my hands helpless... you get up on your knees... and push my legs all the way back... placing them over your shoulder... reach down and rub my nipples... your cock lodged inside my tight pussy... I'm trying to grind my pussy on you and you wont let me... "you enjoyed teasing me didn't you?

now its my turn"... mmmmmm baby... now I am the one begging... please fuck me... fuck me please you slide your cock out of my cunt and slide two fingers inside... reaching as far in as you can go... then pull them out all shiny with my cum... you push them against my lips... "suck them for me, taste your cum"... then you slip them back down to my pussy... sliding them in and out. then slipping them over my asshole... I moan loudly... squirming around on the bed... trying to press my ass against you fingers... "FUCK ME"... oohhh please baby... fuck me... you slide your cock back into my pussy... ohhh yessss... so good honey... so good... you begin sliding your cock deep... slowly... then you pull it out and rub the head over my sweet asshole... you slowly push the head inside... my body shaking... I am screaming... 

you slide your hand down to my dripping pussy and push two fingers into my cunt as you rub my clit with your thumb... you push your cock deeper and deeper... start plunging your fingers in and out or my pussy... you feel my pussy gripping your fingers and suddenly I explode... cumming so hard all over your fingers dripping down over my ass... lubricating your cock even more... CUMMINGGGGGG... 

FUCK MEEEE!! oohhh gawd baby... raising my hips up to meet your thrusts... pushing you all the way inside... cum for me baby... cum for your hot little bitch... you can feel you finger rubbing against your cock... fill me up... you let out a long low moan and are pounding my ass and my pussy hard... then I feel your cock expand even larger and then hot cum spread through my ass... it sets off another orgasm and I continue to cum... my body jerking and my cunt convulsing... YYYESSSSSSSSSS!! oohhh gawd BABY YESSS!!