 Part 1

"It's a compound of different drugs," Jack explained. "They're all fully tested and declared safe. They are prescribed in larger doses every day. One group reduces anxiety and inhibitions, they give a feeling of relaxation and contentment, make you feel good. Another group increases hormone levels, they've been used on women who think they're frigid to encourage the sex drive. Another makes the body more sensitive to stimulation. Another puts the subject in a more suggestible state, the sort of things used with hypnosis."

"So what does it actually do?" Wendy asked.

Jack grinned. "It's an aphrodisiac."

Wendy laughed.

"It's quite mild in terms of drug content, but it's very potent because of the combination. They were a long time concocting it and got good results, but the Director died in a car accident along with his assistant. They were the only ones who knew what had been developed. The papers and equipment were sold off in auction. I bought the lot for next to nothing and got hold of the formula and a small supply of pills. I've checked the pills, they contain what the formula says. I've checked the formula, the drugs are all tried and tested. I've read the results, the Director had a wonderful time testing on his assistant. Now I don't know what to do with what I've got. I don't want to be ripped off by some big company. Also, selling so called aphrodisiacs is not a good career move for a serious researcher and I don't want to lose my reputation. So I need someone I trust to market them sensibly. Not a get rich quick merchant, someone who will go slowly and develop the potential without making waves. That's what I'm offering you."

"It sounds wonderful," I said. "I just start selling drugs and make my fortune."

"There's nothing in these pills that anyone could do you for. They can all be bought across the counter. You could get in trouble if the results are as amazing as the notes say. Anyway, you can have the lot if you want, if you don't then I'm dropping the whole thing. Handle it whatever way you like."

And that was how this started.

Wendy made a cup of tea. She was amused by the whole thing. She didn't believe it at all, but liked laughing about it.

"Who can you sell it too?" she asked. "We could advertise in a naughty magazine."

"I don't see how we could sell it at all. We have no idea if it works or not. The stuff could be dangerous."

"It's all crap,” Wendy said. My wife doesn’t skirt around her opinions. “Have you tried one Jack?"

"No, but it shouldn't be dangerous," Jack said. "There's nothing in it that I haven't taken before, and then in larger quantities.”

"So you take a pill and we'll see," Wendy said. "Or is it designed to only work on women?" She grinned.

"According to the notes it is less effective on men."

"It would be. So you would be happy to take one?"

Jack shrugged. "It wouldn't worry me."

"Go on then," Wendy took the bottle of pills and tipped them out on the table, "take one."

Jack shrugged, picked up a pill and swallowed it.

"How do you feel?"

"Fine, it will take some time to get into the blood stream, about twenty minutes I should think."

"Well I'm not going to sit watching, I have dinner to prepare. You should have one as well, Will, then you'll be able to sort Jack out if he becomes sex craved and starts to attack the cat." She picked up a pill and held it in front of me. "Open up." I opened my mouth and she popped it in, smiled and went out to the kitchen.

Jack and I sat there. We didn't talk much, we were both waiting to see what would happen. Nothing did. Time passed. Wendy came back from the kitchen and grinned at the two of us.

"Well how are the aphrodisiac kids feeling?"

"Pretty much as normal," I said.

"Me too," Jack said. He sounded disappointed.

"Well never mind. Are you staying to dinner Jack?" Wendy asked.

"If I'm invited."

"You're invited."

"I've got a bottle of wine at home, shall I fetch it?"

"Good idea. Be back for eight." 

Jack nodded. He picked up a pill from the table and looked at it, then shrugged and popped it in his mouth. "Maybe it needs two," he said. He left for the wine.

"Another wonderful business idea bites the dust," Wendy said.

"It's not supposed to be so effective on men," I said.

"I'll bet you an amazing sexual experience to breakfast in bed that it has the same lack of effect on me that it had on you. The stuff in it is harmless, that makes it harmless. Watch." She picked up a pill and popped it in her mouth. "Now we shall find out if there are any wonderful aphrodisiac qualities." She grinned and went back to the kitchen.

I sat there feeling very relaxed. Wendy came back. "Go and have a shower and change."

I went upstairs. The water felt good on my body. I pulled on a pair of trousers and a T shirt and went down. 

Wendy was humming quietly in the kitchen. "It'll be ready in an hour. My turn for a shower." She stretched and smiled at me, a very warm smile. "What should I wear this evening?"

"How about your little black dress and your black stockings."

"You're still hoping the pills will work. You're a real optimist."

Soon after Wendy went up Jack arrived carrying two bottles of wine. "That's for with the meal, that's for now." He went to the kitchen and came back with three glasses and an open bottle. "I don't know if it's wishful thinking, but I think the pill has had an effect. I feel very relaxed. And with a bit of that inside us we shall feel even better. Where’s the lovely Wendy?" 

"She’s gone to change, the food's in the oven and will be ready in about an hour."

We sat and sipped at the wine. I was feeling very mellow.

"Wendy's got a lovely body," Jack said. "She's a very attractive woman. You're a lucky man."

"I certainly am," I said. "She's having a shower." I thought of her in the shower. "She'll be soaping her breasts." 

"That's a lovely image," Jack said.

"She's got very nice breasts."

"I'd like to see them," Jack said.

I nodded. Jack didn't usually say things like that. "It's rather unlikely," I said, "She doesn't flash them around much, even for me."

"That's a pity."

"Bit of a waste really," I said. "But it's nice thinking of her in the shower soaping her breasts."

"Very. Do you watch her showering?"

"No," I laughed, "but I'm allowed to use my imagination."

"She's out of the shower."

We could hear Wendy moving around. We sipped our wine and waited for her.

When Wendy came down she was wearing the little black dress I'd mentioned. She hadn't ever worn it much since she first got it. She usually felt too embarrassed by the way it moulded itself to her body and the length of leg it showed.

"You look fantastic," Jack said.

"Thank you," Wendy answered. "This is Will's favourite dress. He thinks it's very sexy."

"And you've put the stockings on," I said. "You look wonderful."

She smiled at me, "I feel wonderful. Very relaxed. Is there any wine for me?"

I got up and poured her a glass. She sat on the settee. I gave her the wine and sat beside her.

She sipped. "Mmm, that tastes good," She drank some more. "I put on some lipstick, do you like it? It's a deeper red than I usually use."

"It looks very kissable," I said. So I lent forward and kissed her. She stayed relaxed. Usually she didn't like being physically affectionate when there were other people around. 

"We need some music," Wendy said. She got up and went over to the CD player. The music crept into the room. She turned and looked over at us and smiled.

"You should dance," Jack said.

Wendy laughed, then began moving to the music. Most unlike her.

"Beautiful, a dream come to life. We need mood lighting," I said. I dimmed the main lights. Wendy was still swaying to the music, her eyes were closed and a small smile hovered round her lips.

"And a stage," Jack said. "The dancer needs a stage."

"I've got one," I pulled the long, low and very solid coffee table into the centre of the room. "Onto your stage Wendy." 

Wendy has never been much of an exhibitionist, but she just smiled, slipped off her shoes and stepped up onto the coffee table. She began to move to the music again. I sat on the settee and watched.

Wendy moved well, slowly and sensuously weaving her body up and down, hips twisting, breasts thrust forward. Her arms moved, first up and out, stretching till they met above her head then slowly down stroking her hair, her neck, her breasts, her belly, then out and up again. Her eyes were closed and there was a dreamy expression on her face.

"Take the dress off," Jack said. His voice was husky.

Wendy opened her eyes and smiled at me. He hands smoothed over her breasts again, then down her belly to her hips. She eased the dress up a little so that the tops of her stockings were uncovered, then her hands went up again, belly, breasts, high in the air, her hips turning, legs slightly parted.

"Take it off," I said.

She smiled again, then, eyes on me, she slid her hands down her body, took hold of the hem of her dress and pulled it up slowly. She paused when it reached her waist.

"You're so beautiful," I told her.

She smiled again. One of her hands held the dress, the other smoothed over her belly, then over her panties, her hips pushing forward, then twisting back.

"Take it off," I said.

She gripped the hem with both hands and pulled the dress up, over her head, and threw it behind her.

"Yeah!" Jack said. "Move that body."

And Wendy danced, in stockings, panties and bra. 

"Take the bra off," Jack said.

Wendy's hands smoothed over her body again. Her eyes were closed, her body moving. She took no notice of Jack. We watched. She seemed to have moved into her own dream.

"Take you bra off Wendy," Jack said. "Tell her, Will."

I laughed. "Jack wants to see your breasts," I said. "Come to think of it, I'd like to see them too."

Wendy smiled at me, then slowly rolled one shoulder up, the thumb of her other hand hooked in the shoulder strap of the bra, and as she rolled the shoulder up she pushed the strap off. Her breast popped fully into view, firm, well rounded, with pronounced brown nipples. 

She pulled her arm through the strap, smiled at me again and repeated the movement on the other side. Both breasts were displayed and the bra loose around her waist. She twisted it round, undid the catch, and dropped the bra on the floor. 

"You're stunning," Jack said. I looked over at him. And I saw that he had undone his trousers and pushed them down enough to hold his cock. He was staring at Wendy. His hand was moving slowly up and down.

I laughed. "You've turned Jack on, Wendy," I said.

Wendy looked at Jack and smiled as her hands slid slowly up her belly to stroke her breasts. Her body was still swaying to the gentle beat of the music. One of her hands moved down her belly and slipped inside the top of her panties. She smiled when Jack groaned. Her other hand moved to her panties, her eyes closed and her feet shuffled round on the table as her body swayed until her back was to us. Her hands had worked the panties down, baring her bum. She pushed them down right down and kicked them to the side of the room, then her movement continued until she was facing us again, wearing only stockings.

Jack had a glazed expression on his face. His hand was still rubbing mechanically at his cock while he stared at Wendy. 

"She shouldn't be the only one naked." Jack said. He began to pull off his clothes, still staring at Wendy moving to the music, eyes still closed.

I began to undress. By the time I had my clothes off Jack was naked and staring at Wendy with his cock in his hand again.

"Wendy." His voice was pleading. 

Wendy's eyes opened dreamily. She smiled at him and stepped down from the table. "Does it want a stroke?" she asked. Her hand took Jack's cock and she began pulling at it gently. Jack moaned. His hands moved to her breasts, squeezing and stroking them. Wendy's other hand moved towards me. I stepped closer to her and she took my cock in her hand and started pulling on it.

"Gently, Jack," Wendy said. She didn't like her breasts to be mauled too roughly. She moved back a little. Jack's hands dropped. Wendy smiled at him, then went down on her knees. "They like a gentle touch." She smiled up at him, pushed her chest forward and rubbed the head of his cock around first one nipple, then the other.

"Me too," I said.

She smiled lazily at me and did the same with my cock.

"That feels good," I said.

She smiled again, then sat back on her heels, moved her head forward and licked the tip of my cock with her hot wet tongue. Her hands were still wanking both of us in slow lazy pulls.

"Suck me," Jack said.

Wendy smiled at me, then her mouth moved to Jack's cock. Her lips parted and her mouth fastened round the head of Jack's cock.

"Get yourself ready, Wendy," I said.

Wendy's hand left my cock and moved between her own legs she began to rub herself. Jack had taken his cock in his hand again and was wanking it hard while Wendy's tongue and lips stimulated the head. He was gone. Wendy moved both hands to his hips to control his movements, and stop him from thrusting his cock deep into her mouth. He began to moan, then his body jerked and his cum shot from his cock. Some of it splashed her face, most went between her lips. She swallowed, still licking at the head while his body relaxed.

My cock was in need of release. I gripped Wendy's shoulders and pushed her back. She lay on the floor, legs wide and I pushed into her. She was as ready as I was and we began fucking with the sort of wild abandon that I hadn't felt for years. I couldn't hold back. I shot my load and slid out of her.

Wendy wasn't finished, but Jack was ready for seconds. He moved on top of her and began fucking. Her body continued responding. I lay on my side watching Jack fucking Wendy. He took longer than me and Wendy was enjoying it. His pleasure and her pleasure had me hard again. I wanted more.

Jack finished and withdrew grunting. Wendy looked at me. "Are you OK?" I asked.

She grinned. "You mean you want more?"

I nodded.

"I feel as though I could fuck forever."

I was in her again, fucking more slowly, savouring the feel of her body against mine and the heat of her cunt round my cock. I fucked slowly, a satisfying deep grinding fuck that brought Wendy to orgasm twice before I came.

Jack reached out to her as I rolled off. She didn't complain, merely opened her legs again to welcome him. They fucked slowly, Jack working hard. His whole body was covered with sweat. Finally he groaned and rolled off her.

Jenny lay still for a while, then stretched, let out a heavy sigh, and sat up. "Time to eat," she said. "I seem to have worked up an appetite."

She stood up and picked up her dress. Jack was lying on his side, a dopey expression on his face, watching Wendy. "Don't put on the dress please."

Wendy shrugged and dropped the dress again. "Let's go eat."

Wendy served. I poured more wine. We ate and drank. There was no conversation all through the first course. When Wendy stood to get the next course Jack caught her arm and pulled her over to him. He pulled her onto his knee. Wendy didn't complain as his hand played with her breasts.

"I'm going hard again," he said.

"Leave it a while, let's eat first." She got off his knee.

"I'll have her over the table when we've eaten," Jack said. He looked tired and sounded drunk.

We ate in silence again. Then Jack cleared a section of the table.

"Jack wants to have you bent over the table, Wendy," I said.

"What about pudding?"

"Later," Jack slurred, "Come round here."

Wendy went to Jack. He bent her over the table so that she was looking straight at me. Her breasts were dangling, I put my hands out and cupped them. I looked into her eyes. "What's he doing?"

"He's just pushing into me." She sighed. "He's in me, it feels nice. Kiss me."

I lent forward and kissed her slowly. I could feel her body moving to Jack's fucking. It seemed to go on for ever. Finally Jack groaned. He pulled out, and wandered out of the kitchen.

"Let's forget pudding," I said. 

"I feel very tired," Wendy said. "Where's Jack gone?"

We both wandered into the living room. Jack was sprawled out on the settee fast asleep.

"Two's too many," Wendy said. "I'll get him a blanket."

Wendy returned a moment later with the quilt from the spare room. She spread it over Jack. "Shall we go to bed?"

Wendy led the way. We left everything and went to bed. We slept cuddled together, felling close and relaxed and falling asleep almost immediately.

When I woke in the morning Wendy was still out. I crept out of bed, dying for a pee. After I'd relieved myself I felt the need for a drink. Jack was still sprawled on the settee where we'd left him, but now he was snoring. 

In the kitchen I put on the kettle, drank a pint of milk straight from the bottle, then cleaned up from dinner. When I finished in the kitchen I went to the living room and collected my clothes and Jenny's. I was still relaxed, viewing the previous evenings debauchery almost like a film that I'd watched but taken no part in. I went back to the kitchen and made a pot of tea to take up to Wendy.

Wendy woke slowly. She took the cup and smiled, then sipped. We drank our tea in silence. When Wendy gave me her cup she said, "Last night. I didn't dream it did I?"

"Not unless I had the same dream." I said.

"I did a striptease?" 

"Beautifully," I said, closing my eyes and remembering her body moving on the table. 

"And I, with you and with Jack, I.."

"Twice with me, and I think it was four times with Jack. He's still dead to the world."

"I can't believe it," she said. "I know it happened, but I can't believe it. I suppose that's why I don't feel bad about it. I need a bath."

She got out of bed. I lay and dozed for a while. Wendy returned and told me she'd left the water, as she often did in the morning. I went and sank in the bath. After that I dressed, feeling reinvigorated.

"You'd better offer Jack a bath," Wendy said. "From what I remember, he'll need one."

It took some time to waken Jack. He went for a bath while I tidied up. Wendy came down and started sorting out breakfast.

Jack came down looking rather sheepish. "Are you two all right?" he asked.

"Fine," I said. "How about you?"

"Tired, but otherwise great. That was an amazing evening."

"You're not to talk about it ever again," Wendy said quietly, "or I'll kill you."

Jack nodded.

"And remember in future that two is too many."

Jack nodded again.

The three of us ate breakfast, after that Jack left.