 If you would like to have this story on your site or in your publication, please ask first.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

He rolled over and watched her sleeping.  She lay on her stomach, facing away from him, and the sheets just barely covered her ass.  A sultry smile grew on his face as he remembered the night before.  She was wicked, naughty thing and last night had been yet another lust filled event.  His reactions to her were primal and intense.  Even looking at her now made his cock grow hard.

He moved closer to her, just pressing against her body with his.  His hard-on brushed her thigh and a tiny sigh escaped her mouth in her sleep.  Smiling at the sex filled images in his mind, he began to softly run his hand from her shoulder to her lower back.  Back and forth, slowly inching his hand lower and lower until he had removed the sheet from her ass.

She had the most magnificent ass he’d ever seen, and now his hand cupped and squeezed it.  Her hips moved slightly against his hand, beckoning him silently for more in her sleep.  His fingers traced the crack between her cheeks, stopping to play a bit with the small pucker.  A soft moan escaped her mouth and she shifted a bit, spreading her legs apart slightly to give his hand more access.

He leaned down and lightly nibbled and licked between her shoulders as his hand traced further down between her legs.  She was already moist with need, he could feel it soaking the her hair.  One of his fingers pried her lips open and slid up into the folds of her pussy.  Moving it back and forth until he finally began to finger her clit.  She quickly became very slippery.

A tiny chuckle escaped from him at how easy it was to make her horny.  He knew she loved to be awoken this way, and he thoroughly enjoyed indulging her.  She was quite simply the most fuckable woman he had ever known.

He moved the finger that had been circling her clit up her lips and slid it inside her.  He finger fucked her slowly, making her thrust gently against him.  A second finger joined the first, easily sliding in because of wet she was.  She stirred awake at that moment and moaned.

Inching up a bit, he whispered in her ear, “Good morning, my sweet.”

She only smiled in return, keeping her eyes closed.  She moaned again when his fingers moved back up to play with her clit again.  Her legs spread wider of their own accord, and she heard the smirk behind his laugh.  She knew he loved to arouse her, to bend her to his own lusty needs.  And she loved the way he made her feel.  All it ever took from him was a look or a touch and her panties flooded with her juices.  He had eagerly learned what turned her on and tested her boundaries in ways no one else had in her past.

At her moan, he whispered, “Do you like that?  Having my fingers playing with your pussy?”

“Yes.  Please don’t stop.”, she whispered back.

“I won’t, my sweet.  I know you love when I wake you up this way.  And I love waking you up like this.  I love getting you wet with my fingers.  With my tongue.  With my words.  Do you feel how hard my dick is?”, he asked pressing his cock against her ass.  His fingers never stopped their slow torture on her clit as he spoke to her.

She was the first woman he had been with who truly loved to talk during sex.  The naughtier, the better.  He made it an art form; never demeaning or callous.  He would speak of what he would do, how she made him feel physically and what he was doing to her.  Sometimes he would tell her his fantasies while he was deep inside her but not moving.  He made her beg, loving to hear her speak to him the same way.

She whimpered in need, and he responded by gently thrusting against her ass.  “You are such a horny thing, my sweet.  All it takes to make you want me is a word or two.  Such a little slut.  But you’re my slut, aren’t you?  You’re my sweet little slut.  Say it.  Say it and I’ll slide my dick deep inside your pussy.  Say it and I’ll fuck you the way I know you want it.”, he whispered hotly.

“Oh god.  Please... please fuck me.  I’m so wet for you.”, she whispered back.

Removing his fingers from her, he slid his hand up her side as he rolled on top of her back.  Her legs spread even further to give his hips and cock access to her pussy.  Laying fully over her, the head of his dick teased her opening.  He licked her neck, finding all her sensitive spots easily.

She writhed and squirmed beneath him, thrusting her ass up against him in a silent plea.  He ground against her in return, but would not enter her.  Using the head of his dick, he teased her opening.  He could feel her dripping with need.

“I can feel how wet you are, my sweet slut.  You need my nice stiff dick, don’t you?”, he teased.

“Yes.”, she panted.  “I need you so much.  My pussy is so empty without your dick.”

“Then you know what you have to do to get it.  You know what I want to hear.”

She waged a small internal battle in her head.  There was a part of her that wanted to give in immediately and feel him fuck her.  But there was another part that wanted the tease to go on, to drive her to the edge.  Still a bit fuzzy with sleepiness, combined with her extreme arousal, all she could do was moan and whimper.  She knew he wouldn’t give in until he got what he wanted from her, but that was alright.  She loved that about him.  Loved that he knew her so well.

He laughed a soft wicked laugh in her ear.  “I know what you want, slut.”, he said.  “Even if you don’t.  So I’ll give you a little taste of it.”

Placing his dick against her opening, he slid his head just inside.  She gasped and thrust back hard against him.  He evaded her thrusting and was able to just keep the head of his dick inside her warmth.

She was so wet and tight.  He began to sweat with the energy it took to keep from ramming his dick all the way inside and fucking her senseless.  But he knew her orgasm would be sweeter if he coaxed it out of her slowly, and his would only be completely satisfying if he heard her scream uncontrollably.

He moved in and out of her just a bit, and was rewarded when she ground her ass up unconsciously.  “I know you like that.  That’s only the beginning, my slut.  My naughty little whore.  You need a good fucking, don’t you?”, he asked more forcefully.

She was breathing hard now.  Seeing her nod in reply, he said, “Then say it, slut.  Tell me you’re my slut.”  He licked her earlobe as he spoke to her, and it drove her mad.

“Oh god!  I need you!  I’m your slut.  I’m your naughty little whore.  Please fuck me!  Fuck your slut!”, she panted.

He plunged his dick all the way up into her and they both gasped at the feel of it.  She moved just a bit onto her knees to give him more access.  This was one of her favorite positions;  she laying down almost completely with him laying on top of her.  Knowing that she loved this submissive position, he grasped her wrists and held them down as he positioned himself better to fuck her properly.

“You’re such a good little slut.  That’s what I wanted to hear.  I think I might give you a small reward for being a good girl.”, he murmured, as he slowly pulled almost all the way out before pushing back in just as slowly.  He kept this agonizingly slow pace for a bit, before settling inside her completely and not moving.

She was wild beneath him now.  Panting and whimpering, she squirmed and shoved up against him, needing to be fucked harder.  She started to beg, pleading with him to move again.

“Whose pussy is my dick in?”, he asked wickedly.  He was sweating as hard as she was.  He had no intention of stopping for long, nor was he able to.  But he wanted to tease her some more, knowing how much she enjoyed it.

Dizzy with need she only half heard his question.  “What?!  Oh, please... please move.”, she whimpered.

“Wrong answer, slut.  I’m going to have to punish you later for not paying attention.”, he said.  He pulled almost all the way out and quickly shoved his cock all way in once, making her cry out, and held there.  “I asked you whose pussy my dick was in?”, he asked again.

“Mine.  My pussy.”, she stammered.

He tsked into her ear.  “No, my little slut.  That’s definitely the wrong answer as well.  I’ll give you one more chance at this, or I’ll pull all the way out.  Now then, whose pussy is my dick in?”

“Yours?  It’s your pussy.”, she answered hesitantly.  She wasn’t sure what he was looking for.  She needed him to fuck her so badly, and was praying that this was the answer he was looking for

He laughed and said, “That’s right.  It’s my pussy.  Mine, my sweet slut.  And now I’m going to fuck it and make it come hard.  I’m going to make it squeeze my dick as it comes.  And then I’m going to shoot my load inside it.  And it’s going to love every minute of it.  Won’t it, slut?  Won’t my pussy love every second of that?”

“Oh god, yes!  It needs your dick so much.  It needs a hard fucking right now!  Fuck it.  Fuck your pussy.  Fuck your slut!  Please!”, she begged.

He released one of her wrists and snaked his hand underneath her, reaching for her pussy.  His fingers found her clit and gently touched it.  Then he started to grind and plunge into her.  He slid in and out at an easy pace, letting the movement of his thrusts create the friction against her clit.

She shoved up against him, matching his movement.  His fingers on her clit, his dick deep inside her, filling her, his hot little whispers in her ear made her squirm hard underneath him.

“That’s right, my sweet.  Move against me.  I love it when I make you squirm like that.  Only I can make you move like that, isn’t that right, my naughty whore?”, he panted.

By this point she could only groan.  He began to move faster against her, riding her pussy for all he was worth.  He could feel her pussy start to clench around his dick and he altered his movements to push longer and harder into her, forcing her to come.

She felt him ramming into her, tickling her clit with his fingers.  She threw her head back and she screamed as came,  “OOOH!  OOOH!  Fuck yes!  Fuck your slut!  OH GOD!  I’m COMINGGGG!”

Her pussy clamped around his dick hard as she came.  The feel of it spurned him to fuck her faster, driving him over the edge.

“You’re mine, do you hear me?!  MINE!”, he cried possessively into her ear as he neared his own peak.  “FUCK!  I’m COMING!  OOOH FUCK, how my sweet slut makes me COOOOMMMMME!”, he yelled as he shot load after load into her pussy.

Breathing hard, they both collapsed still entangled with each other.  He kissed her neck and rubbed her sides lovingly.  She rolled over and they shared their first lingering kiss that morning.  Pulling away he smiled at her and laughingly said,  “You know, sweetheart, that second time I asked you, you could have told me that your pussy belonged to Winston Churchill and I still would have fucked you like mad.”

“I’ll remember that for next time, my love.”, she answered, returning his laugh.