  Just to be clear. I was asked what prompted this story and the answer is that this story was prompted by the number of cuckold stories on this site. I thought it might be nice to go the other way. It has taken me a while to build it up, though, so bear with me. 




It was Tuesday; D-Day for trying to impregnate Anita. I was unquestioningly nervous. I was very unsure how all this was going to turn out. I had not thought of having sex with another woman since before I was married, or ever, ever, ever imagined that my wife would be setting it up and watching. She was a loving, beautiful woman, and the mother of my two kids. I had loved her very soon after I met her and I had no problems remaining faithful to her. She was enough for me and I had been brought up believing in monogamy. But she wanted to change our sexual dynamic drastically. Was she just going to watch? Or even participate? Shit! I should have asked her that. Maybe she's attracted to Anita and wants to have sex with her. Maybe she's bisexual. Or maybe this is just another of her fantasies.

I got home about 5:30 and Ann was in the kitchen. The kids had happily gone to dinner and a movie with the grandparents. I walked up to Ann and she put her arms around me. "Still okay with this?"

I stared into her eyes. "If you are."

"I am. I think Anita will make a great mother and I want her to have a baby – by my husband."

"You're going to be there, right?"

"Yes, of course."

"Are you going to participate?"

"Well, I'm going to get you ready, but I will not be playing after that."

"Okay. Um...."

"What?"

"Just wondering if you wanted to join in and, you know, play with Anita, too."

She stared at me. "Another concern?"

"Well, I was just wondering if that was on your fantasy list and you were looking at this as an opportunity."

She smiled and hugged me. "No, dear. No bisexual tendencies. I am addicted to and love your cock. Nothing and nobody is going to take that away from me or steer me away from it." She gave me a kiss. "I just want to share it with Anita for a good reason – and watch."

I relaxed a little. "Okay." Then I remembered what I was doing. "When will Anita get here?"

"Bob's working the late shift and left a while ago, but I told Anita to wait until about 7. I wanted us to have a chance to have dinner first."

"Oh, okay."

So we did – have dinner. Then we cleaned up the kitchen and by then it was 7. The kids wouldn't be home until almost 9. At almost exactly the top of the hour the doorbell rang. Ann hurried to answer it. She asked me to wait in the kitchen. I heard some talking and some discussion and after about 5 minutes the two ladies walked in. Ann was holding Anita's hand and leading her into the room. Anita looked understandably nervous. She was dressed in jeans and a blouse. She gave me a quick smile and I smiled back, trying to look calm and relaxed.

"Okay, she's here." Ann was talking to me. "We'll go upstairs and Anita will put on a robe like we discussed. You go to the guest room and do the same. I'll call you in when we're ready."

They left and I waited a minute and then went up to the guest room. I stripped, my cock already a little chubby just thinking about this situation, but not fully hard because I was so nervous. I put on the robe and sat on the bed and waited. My palms were a little damp. I was still very concerned about how this would affect my marriage, but Ann and I had discussed it a lot over the weekend and I had received plenty of assurances to the contrary.

About 5 minutes after I sat down I got the call. I stood up and entered our bedroom. The lights were on, but turned down low by the dimmer switch I had installed. Anita was sitting on the bed in her robe, looking a little scared, but also a little flushed. Her tits pushed out the front of the silky robe and her nipples were prominent. She looked at my eyes and then they dropped to my crotch. My dick was not yet making an appearance.

Ann was kneeling on the ground in front of Anita and gestured to me. "Stand here, honey." She put me directly in front of Anita, standing between where her legs were hanging off the bed. Ann was kneeling just to the right in her panties and bra. She looked sexy, too. I was starting to get a little hard, but my anxiousness was keeping me down a little. Ann put her hands on my calves and slowly moved them up under my robe. "Are you ready?"

"As ready as I can be."

Ann looked over at Anita. "I think Anita is, too. She has been getting warmed up." Even in the dim light I could see Anita blush. Ann then reached up and untied my robe. "Take this off." I stared at her and she nodded. I removed the robe, leaving me naked in front of the two women. My wife reached up and grabbed my cock. I looked at Anita and watched as she looked me up and down and then focused her gaze on where Ann was holding my cock. "Didn't I tell you it was nice?"

Anita looked at it, then Ann, then up at me. She nodded, but didn't say anything.

Ann smiled at her. "I'll get him ready to cum and then he can fill you up with some good sperm."

I stared at Anita to watch her reaction to Ann talking like this. She just stared at where Ann was stroking my now turgid cock. Then Ann leaned forward and lowered her mouth over my cock. I groaned and Anita looked up at me. I smiled at her and she blushed again. Then we both looked back down at Ann. She was looking up at me with her mouth around my cock. It was very sexy to think that Anita was watching this. I was becoming excited by having another woman watch my wife blow me.

Ann slid me out of her mouth and worked her tongue up and down the underside of my cock. She played with my balls at the same time, getting me ready. I had to agree with her earlier assessment about her blowjobs being world class. She went back up and slowly slid my cock into her mouth, using her tongue to stimulate the underside. She glanced over at Anita and I looked over there, too, seeing that she had one hand under her robe and was staring at Ann sucking my cock.

Ann grinned and pulled back. "Are you nice and wet, Anita?"

Anita nodded to her and then looked up at me quickly, looking shy and demure, and gave me a quick smile.

"He'll be ready in just a couple of seconds." Ann grinned at her. "He never lasts long when I give him one of my world class blowjobs." She then looked up at me. "Right, honey?"

"Oh, yes." What else could I say to that? My wife was sucking my cock in front of our neighbor so that I could put it into her pussy and make her pregnant. 

Ann grinned and looked back to Anita. "Then let's get him ready." She plunged back down onto my cock and began working her lips up and down the length. Her hand was at the bottom stroking me into her mouth. She knew that this always got me going. She was not new to this and was working to get me ready. And I was definitely getting ready. I looked back and forth from my beautiful wife sucking my dick, working it over and grinning at me, to Anita, who was sitting there staring and evidently frigging herself under the robe. She had also let her robe gap slightly and I was staring at her bountiful cleavage. 

I could feel things starting to tighten up and my reflex thrusting started. Ann looked up at me and kept working. She knew the signs well enough. She got me to where I could feel it building and then pulled off me. "Okay, Anita, he's almost there. Lie back and open your legs so he can cum in you."

Anita hesitated slightly and I almost thought she was going to change her mind at the last minute. But then she did as Ann asked. She lay back flat and pulled her legs up just a bit and opened them. I could not see everything yet, but her thighs were definitely enticing. Ann pushed me and turned me so I moved between Anita's legs. Ann was still holding my dick on one hand and lightly stroking it. She then pushed me until I was up against the bed with my thighs, my cock pointing straight out at Anita. Anita was lying down, but had lifted her head up and was staring at my cock. It was barely visible since I was almost nestled between her legs. I was staring at Anita, who was staring at my cock, so Ann kept directing the action. She let go of my cock and reached down toward Anita's robe. She took the two panels and pulled them back and open, giving her and me our first view of Anita's delicious, pink, shaved, and very wet pussy. I had never seen a completely shaved one in person and I stared at it. It really did look delicious. 

Ann pushed the head of my dick down and I took over. I put my hand on it and guided it into the hot, wet cunt of my neighbor. I think Anita and I both groaned at the same time. She was definitely as turned on as I was. I looked up and she was staring at me, but closed her eyes as I buried it into her. I bottomed out easily and Anita threw her head back, pulled her legs back and out, and moaned.

Ann sat on the bed next to us and watched as I pushed my dick into Anita. "Isn't that good, Anita? John has a nice cock. It's about 7 inches long and has nice girth. I just love it, don't you?"

Anita rolled her head towards Ann and looked at her, but didn't answer. I was now starting to stroke in and out of her. She was groaning and I could tell she was close to an orgasm, too. I started thrusting a little harder, making her tits bounce in her robe and showing how her nipples moved back and forth under it.

Ann was lying down now, propped up on one elbow and looking at the two of us. She must have thought that Anita was holding back. "Go ahead and let loose, Anita. If you cum, it will be better for the sperm. It's always easier if you have an orgasm just before John."

At that Anita suddenly threw her legs around me and starting humping back. I leaned over her on my arms and started thrusting hard. Anita groaned and I started circling my hips, mashing my pubic bone up against hers and stimulating her clit. I was close and so was she. I was thrusting hard now and suddenly Anita arched her back, threw back her head and started muttering 'Oh, shit' as she shuddered her way through her orgasm. I was not far behind. As soon as she started, I could feel my cum starting its rise. I thrust a couple more times after she finished her orgasm and started cumming. I thrust with each spurt, unable to keep from doing it hard and causing her entire body to jiggle. As I started cumming, I realized that it was the first new pussy for me in over 10 years and my wife was watching. I looked over as I thrust and spurted and she was grinning at me and watching me intently. 

When I finished, I looked down and Anita was staring up at me. I slowly pulled out and Ann was directing again. "Honey, as soon as you pull out I want you to take your robe and go downstairs. We'll be down shortly."

I pulled out and could see the results of our mutual mess. Anita must release a lot of juices when she cums and I added a lot to it, because it was all over her lower pussy and some dripping down along her ass. It was quite a sight considering this was my first shaved pussy. My pubic region was also soaked with our combined juices. I glanced at my wife and I could see her smiling at me as I was looking. She winked and I think I blushed at getting caught looking.

I grabbed my robe and went downstairs. I put my robe on without cleaning up and grabbed a beer. I sat in the kitchen for about 15 minutes and then Ann and Anita came back downstairs. Ann was smiling, but Anita looked a little unsure about how to act around me. Ann was wearing a robe now and Anita was dressed.

Ann saw this. "Relax, Anita, this was just a friend doing another friend a favor. You want something to drink before you go?"

"No,thanks." Anita looked like she wanted to leave quickly.

"Okay, so are we on again for Thursday? One more try during this cycle?"

Anita glanced at me and gave me a shy grin. Then she looked back to Ann. "Yes. I'll be back the same time on Thursday. Thanks." She turned to me and murmured thanks again and left in a hurry.

Ann looked over at me and grinned. "That was so fucking hot." She came and kneeled on the floor in front of me. "I'm so fucking horny." She looked up at me as she pulled my robe open, extracted my still dirty dick, and grinned. "I'm going to suck your cock until you're hard and then make you fuck me like a dirty little slut." She leaned over and started sucking my cock, which had dried juices from the two of us. 

I was shocked by all this. She had never shown any interest in sucking my dick after we had played and she certainly never referred to herself in such normally derogatory terms. Now she was calling herself a slut and sucking my cock with another woman's cum on it. I felt like I had a different woman on my hands. 

She looked up from my dick which was just starting to show signs of life and kept jacking it. "Such a nasty cock all covered in cum from you and Anita. Does that make me a dirty little slut, baby?"

I knew what she wanted. She wanted the dirty talk, but it still took me a minute to organize my thoughts after all that had happened today. Finally I got it together. "Yes, you are. You're my private little dirty slut. You are going to suck my cock until I'm hard and then I'm going to bend you over the kitchen table and fuck you until you beg me to stop."

She grinned. "Good answer." She went back to work on my cock, which was, surprisingly, recovering very rapidly.

I was hard in a couple of minutes and I pushed her away from me. "Bend over the table you dirty little slut."

Ann grinned and leaned over the table. She pulled the robe up to expose her naked ass. It was one of the sexiest asses I had ever seen and definitely the sexiest I had ever fucked. She kept in shape and it looked better today than when we met. I moved in behind her and lined my cock up with her entrance, but decided to carry on the dirty talk. It was really turning me on now.

I placed my left hand on her ass and my right on my cock, brushing it over her pussy. "What is it you want, my dirty little slut?"

"Put your dick in me and fuck me!"

"Are you sure you want me to fuck you? I just fucked another woman 20 minutes ago."

"God, yes! Please fuck me – hard. Fuck me like the dirty little slut I am."

I was still a little shocked at how she called herself this, but I was too fucking hard and this was too fucking hot to try to decipher right now. I lined my dick up and slowly slid it in, picking up moisture as I buried it into her already soaking cunt.

"You are so wet; I'm going to make you cum very shortly."

"Mmmm." That was all she could muster as I started fucking her. 

Since she had wanted this and talked about it, I thought I would continue and see how she took it. I leaned over her back. "Did you have fun watching me fuck Anita?"

"Yes."

I kept thrusting into her. "Did you like it when I filled her hot cunt up with a load of sperm?"

"Yes."

"Good, because I'm going to give you a load, too."

She groaned and I started fucking her hard. I held her ass cheeks apart and watched as I fucked her. She was grunting on every stroke now and was more turned on than usual. Her little asshole was there winking at me so I took one hand and rubbed my finger over it, stimulating it without sticking my finger in.

"Oh, god, I'm going to cum!" Ann was thrashing under me as she announced this.

I was close, too, so I pounded into her and she let out a strangled moan like none I had ever heard as she reached her orgasm. She was really getting into this situation and I was ready to blow, too. I gave her a few more thrusts, watching my dick penetrate her sweet, pink, pussy, and then buried it and pumped her full of spunk.

When I was done, I waited for a few seconds and then pulled out and sat back into one of the kitchen chairs, my once again soaked dick flopping down against my thigh. Ann stayed there, slumped over the table, her breathing finally slowing down. I caught my breath a little and then reached over and slapped her lightly on the ass. "Don't move you little cum slut." She didn't.

I went over to the kitchen counter and picked up my phone. I squatted down and got a good picture of my wife's ass, well fucked pussy, and the spunk just starting to leak out of it. Her inner lips were still showing and my cum was slowly making itself known by sliding out. After I took a couple of snaps, I slapped her on the ass again. "Okay, you can get up now." I went back and sat down.

When she finally stood back up she came over, sat on my lap, and gave me a long, wet kiss. She finally pulled away. "Let me see the pictures." I was still holding the phone and we looked at them. Ann groaned. "I really do look like a slut, letting my husband take pictures of me after he has fucked me while bent over the kitchen table."

I grinned. "Keep talking like that and I may have to fuck you again."

She grinned. "I think I'm done for the night." She took a deep breath. "That was amazing, John. I couldn't believe how demonstrative you were and how hot I was to get fucked after watching you fuck Anita."

I grinned. "It was also pretty fucking hot when you sucked my dirty dick and started talking dirty to me."

She grinned back. "Yeah, that was good." She looked around. "I can't believe we did it on the kitchen table when the kids could some home any minute."

"Maybe added to your excitement?"

She grinned even more broadly. "Maybe." She then got a little serious. "I love you, John. Letting you fuck Anita or any other woman won't change that. I was happy to see it and happy to let her have you for a few minutes."

I thought about it. "You said any other woman. Are you really thinking that I am going to have sex with women other than Anita? I mean helping a friend who is really desperate for a child is different than fucking somebody for fun."

She looked at me closely and then laid her head on my shoulder. "I hope so. I haven't been this horny in a long time."

I held her. "Well, we'll have to see how it goes. I'm not sure how I will feel tomorrow. I'm still committed to you and I wasn't raised that way."

She took my face into her hands, kissed me lightly, and stared into my eyes from about 6 inches away. "Whatever you want to do John, I'm okay with it. I love you more than I can express." She kissed me again.

I grinned and poked her in the ribs, making her let out a little squeal. "Well, I think tonight was a pretty good expression of how much you love me and how comfortable you are with it. Thank you." I kissed her and we both got up and dressed before the kids made an unexpected appearance.

Wednesday

On Wednesday, Ann was horny again. I wanted to fuck her, but she said we had to wait until Thursday so that I could fill Anita up. She wouldn't even let me touch her because she said that once I got her going she wouldn't be able to stop from having sex with me. 

I was still a little concerned about this sudden change in my wife, but everything pointed to just what she said. She wanted to see me have sex with other women. She told me she had read some of the 'Loving Wives' stories on Literotica and looked up cuckold and decided that she was a female version. She found a reference on line to the term cuckquean, and decided that's what she was. I suppose I should be happy about this, but it's going to take some time to be used to it.

Thursday

On Thursday, when I got home, I expected to find Ann there with the kids and we'd have some time to get ready for Anita. However, this time Anita was already there and the kids were in their rooms doing homework. Ann and Anita were discussing a recipe for something and I thought how strange and odd that they were discussing recipes in the kitchen before Ann took us upstairs and told me to fuck Anita.

Ann told me to go upstairs and put on a robe so that I would be ready. I went up and changed and was just finished putting on the robe when the ladies came in.
