 It was early on a Saturday morning that our neighbor Anita came over. My wife, Ann, and I were relaxing and reading the paper since the kids were with their grandparents. We had just finished breakfast when the doorbell rang. My wife answered it and it was Anita. 

Providing a little background, my wife Ann is about 35, stays in pretty good shape, and is about 5'7" and 120 pounds. She was athletic when young and is still fairly slim. I'm 36 years old, about 6' tall, and weigh 180lbs. I work out a lot because I hate seeing guys with beer bellies and I want to be around a long time and enjoy life. I'm not what you would call buff, but I'm in shape and can play all the sports. Our kids are Amy, 7 years old, and Robert, 5 years old. And yes, they are a handful.

Anita is married to Bob. Bob is a nice enough guy. I don't know how he caught Anita, but they obviously love each other. He is around 5'10" and weighs about 190 pounds and is kind of a nerd. Anita is short. She's only about 5'2" and has a curvaceous body that many women would die for and most men would lust after. I think they are both 26. They have become very good friends over the last two years. I flirt with Anita a little because she has nice tits and displays them. My wife laughs at me, knowing that I would never put our marriage in jeopardy over a quick fuck. Hell, she fucks better than anyone I've ever had and she tells me the same. We both believe that 15 minutes of fun is not worth blowing a lifetime of love, commitment, and raising kids.

In any case, when Ann came back in with Anita, we said hello and Ann went to get something for Anita to drink. She went to the bathroom first and that gave us some time together. Anita was fidgeting and didn't look me in the eye at first. I could tell something was on her mind. 

"What can we do for you Anita?" I asked directly.

She looked up quickly. "What?"

"It's obvious that there's something on your mind. What is it? Just ask."

"Can I ask you a very personal question, John?"

I nodded.

"Bob and I are trying to have a baby and we haven't had much luck. We've been looking at alternatives and I want to know if you guys ever went through this."

"No, we didn't. Actually, as soon as Ann went off birth control, she got pregnant. We have to be very careful."

Suddenly, Anita looked around the room. "Are they here?"

I knew she meant the kids since the conversation was of an adult nature. "No, they are with their grand-parents this weekend."

She was looking at me closely and trying to get out the next question when Ann came back. She handed Anita a small mug of coffee and sat down next to her. "So what's happening? What have you guys been talking about?"

I decided to explain. "Anita just said that she and Bob are having trouble conceiving."

Ann looked up. "Oh?" Anita explained it again. Ann continued. "Well, let me tell you, we didn't have that problem with John. As soon as we had sex without birth control -- bam -- I was knocked up." She chuckled, but then turned more serious when she could see the angst in Anita's eyes. She put her hand on Anita's to comfort her. "But you guys shouldn't be too worried. You just started trying, right?"

Anita looked at the floor. "We've been trying for two years. I don't really want to take any fertility pills and we can't afford artificial insemination. We just really want to have kids."

This was a bit of a surprise. We were pretty good friends and she had not once mentioned this to Ann and I, and we could tell she was a pretty upset by this. Ann moved closer to Anita and held both her hands and consoled her. They talked a little bit longer and then Anita left.

Ann told me that Anita was very upset and wanted a baby really bad, but just didn't know how to go about it without the money that it took for artificial methods. I just nodded my head.

Over the next few weeks, Anita was a frequent visitor to our place. She and Ann would sit and talk while I was out working in the yard or on a bike ride. Once or twice I took the kids to the nearby playground to give them some time to talk. It was about 8 weeks after Anita had first told us about this situation when she showed up one morning dressed rather provocatively. She was wearing a light blouse without, so it appeared to me, a bra. I had never seen her without one. Her tits seemed to sway deliciously and her nipples were slightly visible. The shorts she was wearing were pretty tight and short. When I invited her in and followed her into the kitchen, a bit of her full ass cheeks were poking out. It was a delicious sight. Ann was in the shower and the kids were across the street playing with the neighbor kids so we talked as I got her a cup of coffee. I tried to keep my eyes on hers, but those tits were delicious and the nipples kept making themselves known. After some pleasantries, I immediately went to the elephant.

"Any luck with you and Bob on having a family?"

She gave a heavy sigh. "No."

We talked for a few more minutes and then Ann came in, wearing a towel around her body and one on her head. She saw Anita and immediately went to her.

"Anita, how are you doing, honey?"

Anita started tearing up. "Not well. I really want to have a baby and Bob and I just can't seem to do it."

Ann looked over at me and motioned for me to leave with a nod and her eyes. I left the women to their conversation and consoling.

That night, after getting the kids to bed, my wife came out of the bathroom wearing a push up bra and panty set that I had given her for Valentine's Day. Well, I gave it to her, but it was for me as well. She knew it made me horny and that we both benefitted when she wore it. And she looked amazing in it. This was interesting since we were down to having sex only once a week. This had occurred just due to general life needs in taking care of two kids and the fact that Ann was not quite as excited about sex as she used to be. We used to love to spend a few nights a week getting sweaty together, but now she would rather spend some nights just cuddling and relaxing. I think she was just a little tired and worn out by being a mother. She grew up an only child, unlike me, and I don't think she was used to all the activities and the hectic nature of having more than one kid running around.

"You look fantastic. That bra makes your tits look so delectable."

She grinned. "Turn off the lights."

I frowned briefly, but she smiled and nodded. She knew that I liked to see what I was doing and that I loved seeing her responsive body when we had sex, but I did it. Ann moved in front of me and pushed me back onto the bed. She stripped off the sleeping shorts I was wearing, which is all I wear to bed, and hovered over me. I could just make out her outline in the darkness as my eyes started adjusting and I could see her lean over and lick my cock. Fuck, she was making me hot and I was hard quickly. She sucked me until my dick was as hard as a dick gets.

She suddenly stood up and bent over. I could make out that she was taking her panties off. She moved between my legs and leaned over me. I felt her breath on my neck as she whispered in my ear. "Oh, John, fuck me. My husband can't get me pregnant, but I know you can." I stiffened up a little and she whispered, "Just imagine that I'm Anita, with those nice big tits that she was displaying today."

I relaxed a little. It was a fantasy. My wife and I had only recently been able to discuss our previously secret fantasies. We both had some very private fantasies that we felt were a little out of the ordinary. We were a little reticent to talk about those, but we had opened up a little. First, she told me that she liked dirty talk and I admitted I did too. We didn't do it a lot, but we did do it at times, and it was a nice change now and then. Then she had told me that she wanted to see me read a dirty story or look at porn and masturbate without any help from her. She knew that I had a higher sex drive than she did now and that I did that kind of thing sometimes, but just whenever she and the kids weren't around. This time I did it in front of her and it was actually pretty exciting. I told her that I had always wanted to tie her up and tease her until she begged me to fuck her, so she let me. I was hard for so long I almost couldn't last long enough to make her beg, but I did last long enough, and she said it was an amazing experience. This role playing, however, was new, but I went along. It was a little exciting.

"Oh, Anita, you're so fucking hot. I'm going to stick my cock into your tight little pussy and put a baby in your belly."

Ann stood up and looked down at me lying there. "That's good, John. I really want a baby, but first I want this big cock to fuck me and make me cum." Ann reached down and grabbed my dick. She crawled up over me and sat down on it. She was very wet already. She was obviously very turned on. It usually took at least 5 minutes of petting and preparation before she was that wet. "Then you can cum and fill me up."

She started riding me and since my eyes had adjusted to what little light there was, I could make out her form. She looked amazing and I was so happy I had such a beautiful and interesting woman. I reached up and playfully pinched on her nipples through the bra.

She moaned and then leaned over me again. She made sure I could see her and looked over toward the empty chair in the corner. "Your wife is watching you fuck me. She likes it. She wants you to get me pregnant."

I knew she was playing a game, but that was a little shocking. It took me a second to recover and she stared at me up close. I knew she could tell I was hesitating because of the newness and strangeness of this new game. Finally, I grinned and went along. "Let her watch. I'll fuck her later and fill her pussy up with cum, too."

She smiled and kissed me hard and started shuddering as she went through her orgasm. I didn't cum yet, so when she was done, she sat up and crawled off me. "Let me on the bottom so I can hold all that beautiful cum in my pussy and let the little spermies do their work."

I obliged and got up. Ann crawled up on the bed, turned onto her back, and spread her legs. "Now, John, fuck me and get me pregnant. I need a baby so bad and Ann promised me you would make me pregnant."

I grinned and lined my dick up with her hot pussy. I slid in slowly and lay on top of her. "Is that right?"

"Yes, she promised."

"Then I must help her keep her promise and make her happy." I started thrusting.

"Fuck me hard, John. I need to be fucked hard and impregnated."

I fucked her harder, making sure to mash her clit with my rolling hips and get her off again. I was getting close and just when Ann had an orgasm, I buried my dick in her and exploded. I came and came and came, finally collapsing on top of her.

I was catching my breath when Ann whispered in my ear. "That was wonderful."

I grinned and kissed her. "Yes, I think so, too." I rolled off her and lay on my back next to her. "That was very interesting role play there. What brought that on?"

"Just another little fantasy of mine."

"Interesting. I think I like it."

Ann rolled over against me, putting her head on my chest. We were quiet for a little while as our bodies relaxed and then she said very quietly. "I have a confession to make."

I put an arm over her, relaxing and enjoying being snuggled up against her. "What's that, hon?"

"It's about Anita."

She propped herself up on one elbow, so I did, too, looking directly at her, figuring that she was talking about their ability to conceive. "She and Bob are still having trouble with her getting pregnant?"

"Yes, they are. They are trying too hard and working so hard on the timing of her most fertile period that it's becoming work. There's no spontaneity there."

I slowly ran my hand over my wife's beautiful bare hip. "That's unfortunate."

"Yes, so I discussed our sex life with Anita."

I was not completely surprised by this. I overheard her once a long time ago discussing our sex life with her college roommate Joanna. I had heard that this was not uncommon for women, although I doubt they were as vulgar as men were about it. "That's fine."

She pulled me in and hugged me. I started to get a little concerned. She seemed to be leading up to something, but I didn't know what. I pulled away and propped myself back up onto my elbow. I could just make out her eyes in the gloom. I could see her biting the left side of her lower lip. That was her tell, her giveaway that something was bothering her or difficult to talk about.

"Ann, what is it? You know you can tell me anything."

She sighed. "I know. It's just that I promised her something that it was not my right to promise."

I frowned and tried to think about what she was talking about. "Well, out with it. You can't stop after leading me on like this."

"John, I promised Anita that you would get her pregnant."

I stared at her and she stared back. I was flabbergasted. I could also see the fear in her eyes. She was afraid of my reaction. She was holding her breath waiting for me to say something so I tried to think of what I could say to alleviate her fears and my shock. I realized that she was living that fantasy during our just completed role play and that she meant that it would be by me fucking Anita. I reached up and stroked her lightly on the cheek. "Okay, let's talk about this. Why did you think that this would help?"

With a slightly tremulous voice, Ann tried to answer. "She told me that they found out the reason she can't get pregnant is that Bob has a really low sperm count." She watched me take that in. "So I've been telling her how easy it was for you to get me pregnant and, of course, a little about how good you are at giving me orgasms." She stopped and looked at me, but I just nodded. "Anyway, she and Bob are working so hard that it's become work for them. We discussed this at length the last couple of weeks and she wants to do it. She wants to have sex with you so you can get her pregnant."

I stared at my wife for a couple more minutes. "You want me to have sex with another married woman, essentially cheating on our spouses."

She thought about that for a second. "Well, it wouldn't be cheating for you. I will be there and you have my permission. Besides, she's become one of my best friends and this is about the greatest gift we could ever give her. Imagine, wanting a child so bad that you are willing to do this. Please?"

"There are other dangers here than just us. She is cheating on Bob. I assume she's not going to tell him, right?" Ann shook her head no. "Okay. That's one major obstacle. The second is the problem that could occur if there are ever any health problems with the child. Imagine Bob's surprise if there had to be testing for compatibility and he finds out it's not his. It's too late then to describe why and how it happened. He would just assume that she had an affair and it could kill their marriage. Are you sure this is what you want me to do?"

Ann took a deep breath. "Okay, I have more of a confession to make. First, Anita and I checked and at least you and Bob have the same blood type. The child will at least have a blood type that can be derived from the two of them. You two are both brown haired and blue eyed. You both are smart. I think it will work out well if we do this correctly. We can never forecast the future of more serious health problems."

I was still a little skeptical. "And what, dear wife, is correctly?"

She looked at me sheepishly. "Anita and I have talked about it and we have worked out how we can do it without it being too much like an affair." She hesitated and I waited, trying to understand what she was talking about. "Anita will strip and put on a robe. She will lie on the bed covered with the robe. I will get you ready to cum and when it's time, you will turn to the bed, she will open her robe for you, and you will put you dick into her and cum."

I lifted my eyebrows and gave her a look of disbelief. "You two have already discussed this to the point that you came up with that method, huh?"

"Yes." She was waiting for me to go on.

"Okay, I can see that this might work somewhat. You have to tell her to either lube up or make sure that she's wet so that I can get in there. How do you plan on getting me ready to cum?"

She grinned. "One of my world famous blowjobs." She was trying to provide some levity in the middle of this serious discussion.

I laughed. "Are they world famous now?"

"Well, they are around here."

I hugged her. "You're going to have to let me think about it."

She pulled back from me. "Okay, but its Saturday and Anita says her fertile period is coming up in the middle of next week so let me know so I can tell her if it's on or off."

"Okay, but don't push me into this too fast. You need to understand that this is a potentially life-altering experience for both of us."

She snuggled up against me again. "I know. I've been thinking about this for a long time and Anita and I have discussed it from all angles. She wants a baby so bad that she's willing to take this chance. Won't you please help us?"

"Us, huh?"

"Yes, us. I want you to do this, too."

"Okay, I'll let you know tomorrow."

"Good." 

We both settled back into bed and retreated into our own thoughts. I don't know what hers were, but I was trying to wrap my arms around my wife asking me to impregnate another woman. I mean this was not much in the way of sex, but she wanted me to get Anita pregnant. Then I would have to understand that I could never tell anyone that the child was mine and Bob would raise it as his own. This was weird. It was about another hour before I finally drifted off.

The next morning I woke to the wonderful smell of breakfast. The kids were already up and Ann was fixing them some breakfast. I joined them and as soon as they were finished, they were up and out the door. I really liked that. They were more into playing outside and enjoying their friends than sitting for hours playing with electronic gadgets.

Ann was rinsing the dishes while I cleared when she asked me the question. "So, what do you think about you and Anita?"

I put my hand on her shoulder and turned her towards me. "Okay, I'll do it."

She jumped up and down a couple of times and grabbed me to kiss me and hug me tight. "Oh, thank you, John. I promise it will work out great." 

The way she reacted you would have thought that I was giving her some big present. It was the largest reaction I'd seen from her in a while. What the heck was going on? Then I started thinking that maybe there was something in it for her, too. Maybe she was having an affair, although I don't know when she'd have the time, or wanted me to reciprocate by allowing her to have sex with someone else. "Ann, I have a very important question." She turned to look at me, her face showing concern. "This is only so Anita and Bob can have a baby, right?" 

"Of course."

"There aren't any hidden agendas here, right? I mean you are not looking for me to then let you have sex with somebody, are you?"

She hugged me. "No, honey, I wouldn't do that. This is just for Anita. I want to help her."

I pushed her back and looked into her eyes. "Are you completely sure this is just for Anita." She started biting her lower lip again and this bothered me. "Okay, out with it. Tell me the rest of the story."

She went and sat down at the table while my imagination ran wild. What the hell was it now? Some guy she was attracted to? Something that she had a fantasy about that I didn't know?

She took a deep breath and looked up. "Sit with me for a minute." She watched as I sat. "You remember when we filmed ourselves in that suite on our last anniversary?" I nodded and she continued. "Yeah, I thought so. Well, I know you like to read Literotica and every once in a great while, we'll watch that video." 
