 The room is dark when you come in, but you can sense the presence of your lover. The two of you have been together so long that you can feel his gaze and smell his natural scent anytime he is near. You two have been together for a long time yet every touch feels like the first, every kiss sends your heart soaring to the moon, every time you're together the excitement is just like that of new lovers. As you start to remove your coat, a match strikes and the wick of a candle blazes, pushing the darkness from all but the deepest corners of the room.

The smell of the candle is sweet yet musky....Ah now you recognize it, jasmine, your favorite. You gaze around and notice the sheets have been turned back on the bed and its littered with rose petals adding just a hint of their aroma to the air also. As you stand there enjoying the pleasurable assault on your senses, your lover comes to you. He removes your jacket and lays it across a chair, then takes you in his arms and holds you tightly. The essence of his love is radiating from his body, making you feel instantly warm and comfortable.

No one else has ever caused you to feel the way that being in his arms makes you feel. Gently he rubs your back as the stresses of the day begin to melt away into the sea of love you and your lover create together for both of you to swim in. Moving his arms up he takes your face in his hands and leans in to kiss you, lightly at first, then deeper. Much deeper... His tongue parts your lips slipping inside your mouth. This is met with a moan from you as the sensual feelings start to awaken in your body. Your tongues meet and tangle together, its almost like electrical sparks every time they touch. He begins exploring your mouth with his tongue, rubbing across your gums between your teeth and lips, stroking the roof of your mouth, then back to tangling with your tongue.

As your embrace continues his hands begin again to stroke your back, causing you to melt even closer into his embrace, working in circles across your back with the palms of his hands moving lower until he's cupping your ass in his strong loving hands. He pulls you closer. You can feel his manhood hardening as it presses against your pubic bone. You grind against him and feel him return the pressure, lips still locked your bodies completely joined from pelvis to mouth.

Your nipples get hard from being so close to him, even thru your blouse and bra. His hands leave your butt and circle around to start unbuttoning your shirt, slowly one button at a time, breaking your kiss he starts kissing down your neck covering every inch of flesh that is exposed with each button he undoes.

His nimble fingers undo the front snap of your bra, exposing your hard nipples to the cool air of the room. Instead of stopping, he continues lower pulling your shirt tail from your pants and undoing down until the last button is loose. Rising quickly letting his hands slide up your body and across your breasts on the way, your lover pushes your shirt and bra off your shoulders, down and off your arms adding it to the growing pile on the chair.

Kissing you again, he gently lays you on the rose petal covered bed and removes your shoes, then reaches up and begins unbuttoning your pants. As he begins tugging them down over your incredibly sexy hips you rise slightly off the bed to make the job easier. He slides them down your legs and adds them to the pile also.

You're laying there on the bed in nothing but a pair of purple lace boy short panties, your lover still fully clothed. He takes one of your feet in each hand and starts to massage them, working deeply with his fingers. Each of your toes, the ball of your foot, all the way to your heel, then moves to the top of your foot to your ankle His magic fingers work slowly up your legs massaging, relaxing, and heightening your excitement at the same time.

when he reaches your knees, he stops and reaches for your hands. taking them he pulls you back to a standing position and guides them to the buttons of his shirt. Instinctively you know what he wants, and you begin kissing around his mouth as your hands start undoing the buttons of his shirt. You mimic his actions from earlier, letting your mouth follow your hands down his chest, stopping momentarily to rub his pierced nipples, tugging gently at the rings there.

Your lover's reaction to just this quick toying with his new rings excites you even more. He moans deeply and his knees become visibly shaky. You make a mental note to come back and explore this more later, but first things first. You unbutton the rest of his shirt caressing his chest and belly with your hands and mouth. When his shirt is open you start right to work on his pants, undoing his belt, unbuttoning his pants planting small kisses right under the waistband as you pull down his zipper. His erection is obvious through his boxer shorts and you run your fingernails along his length before standing back up, initiating another kiss while your pelvises grind together.

You drop to your knees and grabbing the waistband of his boxers you pull them down his thighs, locking eyes with him. As he steps from his shorts you mouthe the words "I want you" and take his fully erect cock into your mouth maintaining eye contact the whole time, sliding almost the entire length into your throat. Massaging his length with your tongue you gently suck on him, then pull your head back until only his helmet remains in your mouth. You suck harder and pull him from between your lips with an audible PoP.

You lick your lips seductively then run your tongue over his tight balls, taking them into your mouth one by one and lovingly bathing them with your tongue. The musky smell of his body, and the taste of the precum you cleaned from his cock is heightening your excitement to almost unbearable levels. You alternate between taking your lovers cock in your mouth, licking it, and sucking his balls, until he tells you "Stop, its been a very long time and in your mouth is not where I want to cum right now". 

He pulls you to your feet and kisses you again, enjoying the taste of himself on your lips and tongue, then begins kissing his way down to your breasts, taking each of your nipples into his mouth nibbling gently and sucking as much of your breast as he can into his mouth, while continuing to fondle your nipple with the ring in his tongue. Moving farther down your body with kisses and licks he uses his whole hand to begin sliding those very sexy panties down your ass and hips, kissing a trail across your pubic bone to the top of your lips as they slide lower.

When you've stepped from your dripping panties your lover guides you to the bed and lays you on the edge with your legs still touching the floor. Your lover gets on his knees beside the bed and parts your legs and starts kissing up the inside of your thighs towards the center of the wonderful fragrance that fills the room. He can taste your juices on your thighs and increases the pace of his trip up your thighs. 

Your excitement continues to build, you begin to wonder if the first touch of his tongue on the soft flesh of your lips will send you over the edge, as his face inches closer he passes back and forth across the core of your excitement exhaling deeply each time letting you feel his hot breath on your wet pussy. The next pass he lightly brushes his tongue across you from left to right then back again, barely grazing your clit as he passes. This is almost more than you can stand and you grab his clean shaven head and pull him to you burying his face in your sopping pussy. 

He doesn't fight this and plunges his tongue deep inside you pulling your juices into his mouth then curling his tongue upward searching for your gspot. He grinds his nose against your clit , pushing you even closer to the edge. You push his head away and say "If you won't cum in my mouth, I won't come in yours. I want you inside me right now please!!!"

As he climbs onto the bed you tell him to lay down you want to be on top. He smiles as he lays on his back on top of the rose petals still on the bed. You straddle him, taking him in your hand you guide his hard cock to the entrance to paradise. You roughly rub his head up and down your lips, your juices coating him already, then slowly you begin to slide down onto his manhood. You both gasp as he enters you. The feelings so long repressed come flooding from both of your hearts filling you with more than just sexual desire. 

When you finally have your lover completely inside you you begin to rock back and forth, grinding your clit against his pubic bone as well as pushing him hard against your walls. Your lover grabs your breasts, gently kneading them with both hands as you rock him with pleasure. You lean down and kiss your lover quickly on the lips while you look deep into his eyes, then you rise to your knees and begin to lift off of his cock and slam back onto it, building the pace faster and faster. 

As your orgasm approaches you stop and ask your lover to take you from behind. You quickly get on all fours leaning forward to lower yourself to compensate for your lovers slightly shorter legs. Wasting no time your lover enters you, and begins to pump rapidly into your overheated depths. Once getting a good rhythm set you feel his thumb begin to play around the rosebud of your ass, slowly applying more pressure. 

The contact ceases momentarily, but when you feel his thumb again it wet, and applies more pressure than before. You instinctively relax your muscles, waiting anxiously for his thumb to penetrate you there. Knowing that the feeling of double penetration will skyrocket you to orgasm. You're right, when he finally does push past the ring of muscle you feel the orgasm building in your gut. 

Your lover moves his thumb in an opposite rhythm to that of his cock, pulling out the thumb as his cock plunges in and vice versa, pushing the pad of his thumb against the wall separating the two canals heightening your sensations even more. Just as your pussy clamps around his cock and your ass around his thumb with the first wave of your orgasm, you feel his hot cum shoot deep inside you as he pushes as deeply as he can inside you, causing your orgasm to cum even harder.

On and on the waves was over you as you feel his balls empty deep inside of you, both of you finally collapsing in a heap on the bed, overwhelmed by the power of the love you just shared. Cuddling together naked and exhausted you both fall into a deep sleep, a deep contented satisfied loving sleep.