 The short synopsis of this story to date is included below, but reading the previous chapters may help. Also, in this chapter, I explore something that was recommended by a reviewer. 

*****

This is the continuing story of a cuckquean, my wife, Ann. She had been reading cuckold stories on line and decided that she was a cuckquean, a kind of female cuckold. This was based on how enthralled and excited she became by imagining me having sex with other women. I was shocked, but she pursued it. She didn't show any tendencies toward the humiliation or denial part, but loved knowing I was having sex with other women. Apparently, this started with some voyeuristic tendencies about watching someone she was involved with have sex with another woman when she was in college and now she got off on thinking I was having sex with other women. I didn't understand it, but she pursued it and I started doing so. 

In our last encounter, a woman who worked at the same company and was from another location was in our office temporarily. I had fucked her when visiting her location and my wife had directed her in our initial coupling at our house. On Saturday morning, I golfed and then came home to Ann making K into a slutty maid. She served dinner and we fucked, Ann making a nice movie of the sex. Then to add icing on the cake, Jessica, our baby-sitter came over and Ann arranged to "catch" her blowing me and directed the action again as she had me cum on Jessica's face.

-- 

Over the next couple of months, Ann enjoyed her pictures and videos of me and other women, and she attacked me fairly regularly. Things were just starting to settle down when we got word that two of the women I enjoyed sex with had moved on. Katherine, just called K, had gotten a very good job offer on the west coast and was taking it. Then Jessica announced that she was going south to go to college. She had enough money to do so and was excited about it. I was excited for her, too.

The loss of these two was not too bad. I had only played with them a couple of times and Ann had become quite active herself because of the movies and pictures. Our love life was wonderful for a while. It was only after a couple of months that things cooled off.

About this time, or maybe 6 weeks later I came home to find Ann and a woman I didn't know sitting on the couch with two bottles of wine open. One was already empty. I could see that they had been having a good time for a while and they were laughing.

Ann got up to introduce me. "Honey, this is Maria Wilson. She just moved in down the street. Maria, this is my husband John." 

We shook hands and I could see a beautiful mid-30s woman with a bit of an olive complexion. She had light brown eyes and dark hair. She was beautiful in the old classical sense with good facial bone structure and a nice white smile.

"It's good to meet you John." She said it in perfect English, but there was just the hint of an accent there.

"Nice to meet you."

Ann pulled me toward her and put her arm around my waist. "Maria and her husband, Tom, just moved into the Robertson house. You know that older one down the street on the large tract of land?"

Maria nodded before I could answer. "Yes, we did. My husband and I have some work to do to fix it up, but we love the old house and the size of the plot."

"That's great." That place certainly needed it. It had been empty for about a year. It was also pretty big. "I think that could be a great home again after having been empty for a while."

"Well, I should be going." She turned to me. "John, I invited you two for a small lunch on Saturday. I hope you guys can make it and meet Tom. With it being spring, it will be a nice day to be outside."

"Okay, thanks." 

Ann escorted her to the door and then I started questioning her about Maria.

"Well, I was out for my morning walk after having dropped off the kids when I ran into her. They have been living abroad for about four years in Spain. Her family is originally from Malaga, but she grew up here in the U.S. She and Tom met in college. Since most of her relatives are back in Malaga, when Tom got a chance to work over there, they took it and lived there. She's really fun."

"She seems very nice."

"Yes, she is. We're going on Saturday, right? You haven't already planned something else this weekend have you? Like golf?"

"No, I haven't planned a game of golf." I smacked her lightly on the ass. "Yes, we can definitely go."

"Good. Oh, and we have to bring our bathing suits. They have the pool up and running again." Ann then scampered off and texted her newest friend our RSVP.

---

On Saturday, we arrived at the Wilson household right on time, near noon. We had arranged for the kids to be babysat at a neighbors' house. Tom greeted us at the door. He was in his mid-40s, with an average size and build, with hair that was starting to turn grey. He was friendly and led us through the house and into the back yard. 

This house was near the end of the subdivision and occupied 4 acres. The previous owners had decided to never break it up for further development. It was large, probably 6 or 7 bedrooms, three stories, and had a pool in the back. When we entered the back yard, the pool had been cleaned and filled, a gas grill was up and running, and Maria was arranging things on a small table. 

And that's as far as my observation went: Maria. She was wearing a skimpy thong bikini and was leaning over the table, giving us a delicious view of a very scrumptious ass. She stood up and turned, giving us a big smile. She also gave us a great view of her bountiful breasts in the very small top. It covered her nipples and areola and that's all. I grinned. Ann smiled and gave me a little nudge. We walked over to Maria.

"I'm so glad you could come." She gave us both a lean in hug and a kiss on the cheek.

"This place already looks better." Ann looked around and I had to agree. 

"Well, come and sit. What would you like to drink?"

She led us to two chairs and I asked for a beer and Ann for white wine. Ann put our small bag with our swimsuits and towels down and Maria sat down on the other side of Ann, allowing me to look at her past Ann while Ann had to turn away from me toward Maria to talk. This meant I could let my eyes roam without my wife teasing me about staring at Maria. Tom came back outside, grabbed a beer, and we made small talk. We found out that they had lived in Spain for the last four years and he was a banker who had just gotten a job in town. He also said that he was going to do some of the work on the house himself if he could. He worked remodeling homes when he was younger and working his way through college. He said he had a lot to do on this one and I offered my services. He accepted and said he was going to do some work on one of the upstairs bathrooms next weekend and would let me know. Finally, at about 1pm, he stood and said he would work on the grill while we cooled off in the pool. Maria showed us to a changing room on the first floor and left us.

Once we were inside Ann immediately turned to me. "Wow, she's in excellent shape and looks good, doesn't she?"

I grinned. "Who?"

I got a light backhand to the chest for that. "Smartass. She seems very comfortable in her whatever you call that dental floss she's wearing."

"Yeah, I noticed that it was small."

Another backhand. "Well, don't get them angry by ogling her since we've just met them."

"Okay, okay. I understand."

We finished dressing and I was wearing the standard slightly baggy board shorts and Ann was wearing a bikini, albeit much more modest than Maria's.

When we went outside Maria was just climbing out of the water. The water ran off her body like in a TV commercial, running over her curves and highlighting them. Or maybe that was just me.

Maria came over to us. "Oh." She looked us up and down. "I forgot that Americans wear such modest swimwear."

Tom chuckled and looked at us. "Uh-oh. Here comes a discussion of the uptight American morality compared to Europe."

"Well, it's true." It looked like this was a common discussion for her. "Where we were, we often went to the nude beaches and everybody of all shapes, sizes, and ages went there. Nobody batted an eye at it."

Tom chuckled again. "Well, honey, you can't really say that nobody batted an eye at you the way you walked down that beach."

Maria turned to us and grinned. "I guess I am a bit of an exhibitionist."

Ann giggled and Maria invited us into the pool. We walked down the steps in the shallow end and the three of us floated and talked some more about her adventures in Europe. She finally convinced Tom to come in and take a 5 minute break while things cooked and he did. He took off his shirt and shorts and was wearing a small speedo underneath. He was not in very good shape, but that didn't seem to matter to them.

Tom got out and put the steaks on the table and we had steak, potato salad, and a green salad. It was very good and the steaks had been seasoned well. We sat and talked and then Maria started getting up to clear the table. I volunteered to assist and we started carrying things in to the kitchen. We were cleaning off the plates, putting things away, and loading the dishwasher, and I noticed that Maria took every opportunity to rub up against me. I tried not to get hard, but it wasn't easy with that woman running around like that and rubbing me.

Finally, we finished and went back outside. We were sitting there when Ann's cell rang. She picked it up and I could tell that it was about the kids. She hung up and turned to the rest of us.

"Well, one of Susie's kids just threw up and appears to be sick. She recommended that I come get them to get them away from there to prevent them from getting sick."

We said our goodbyes and got the kids. That night I told Ann about Maria rubbing up against me. She laughed and fucked me hard. 

---

On Wednesday, I got a call from Tom asking if I was willing to help on Saturday and I agreed. I told Ann and she smiled.

"Now be good around that hot Spanish babe."

I grinned. "I plan to be very good."

Ann laughed and smacked me on the arm. "Yes you are, honey." After the kids were in bed, Ann watched me fucking K again and we had some very good sex.

---

On Saturday, I arrived at the Wilson's at about 9am and we worked on stripping everything out of one of the upstairs bathrooms. We were just about done when Tom's phone rang. It was from his boss and they had some work to do in the office. I told him I would finish carrying down what we had removed and he thanked me and told me to enjoy the pool if I had the chance. 

Tom left and Maria, who had been somewhere else in the house, showed up, wearing a tank top and shorts, sans bra judging by the jiggling going on in there. "You just about done? Tom will be gone for a while and asked me to check on you."

"Yeah. I just have a few more things to carry out to the dumpster."

"Want to join me for a quick swim and then lunch?"

"Sure. Let me call Ann and tell her I won't be home for lunch."

"Okay." She turned and left and I watched that beautiful ass walk away.

Ann was with some other Moms and kids and they were heading to a pizza place for lunch, so there was no reason for me to hurry home. I finished cleaning up most of the mess and headed to the kitchen. I suddenly realized I didn't have any swimwear. I went through the kitchen to the back yard and out towards the pool. Maria was in the pool lounging. I walked up to the edge. 

"Maria, I forgot my swimsuit, so I'll just run home and get it."

"What for?" And with that Maria stood up and walked up the stairs out of the pool. She was completely nude. "My husband and I go to nude beaches all the time and swim nude in this pool, so why not join me? It's okay."

I stared at her. Her body was magnificent. She was around 5'7" tall, lean and tan. Her tits were a nice c-cup with very little sag; her waist was small, her hips nice and rounded, and her pussy completely shaved. I tried not to drool.

"Are you sure? What about Tom? Will he care if we are here alone like this?"

She grinned. "Don't you worry about Tom. I'll take care of him." She walked up and started undressing me. I was only wearing a t-shirt and shorts, so it was quick and easy. My cock was starting to come to attention and was getting fat and blood-filled. "Mmmm, I knew there was a good reason to invite you back." She grabbed my cock and squeezed. "Do you think Ann will care if I do this?"

I figured I might as well tell her. "No. We have an agreement so I can play around. Besides, it's a little late to be asking now, right?" I looked down at her hand caressing my cock.

Maria laughed. "I suppose so. I just got carried away. We just moved here and I need a playmate." Stroke, stroke.

"So that means that you and Tom have an arrangement, too?"

"Yes. I get to have a boyfriend and he gets to hear my stories." Stroke, stroke.

"Interesting. I get to have girlfriends and Ann likes that, too. However, she also likes to watch."

"Oh, really? Tom has mentioned that a couple of times, but I never found anyone comfortable with him watching us have sex. Would you be?" Stroke, stroke.

"Probably. I assume he would be okay and not intervene. Or is he looking to join in? Are you looking for a threesome?"

"No, not really. He just mentioned that he'd like to watch some time. He loves me showing off and used to really enjoy how the men ogled me and approached me on the nude beaches. Hell, he enjoys the way they look at me anywhere. It's something that it's taken me a few years to get used to, but for the last four I have had a couple of lovers." She continued stroking my cock as it continued to rise. "What about Ann? Does she ever want to join in, or have a threesome, or does she like women?"

"No, she's not attracted to women and generally doesn't want to have a threesome. She doesn't get to play around, just watch."

"It's the same with Tom. He doesn't get to play around. He doesn't have to. He can't even keep up with me."

"Yeah, we have the same problem."

Maria suddenly lowered herself to her knees and sucked on my cock, bringing me that last little measure to full erection. I groaned.

Maria then stood up and led me over to a chaise lounge. "Lay down." I did and she knelt between my legs and started sucking my cock in earnest. She was very good. I watched her fantastic dick-sucking lips as long as I dared with my desire to cum building. I pushed her away.

"Your turn. Lay down." I got up and she lay down on the lounger. I knelt and kissed her inside her left knee. She pulled her legs apart wide.

"Oh, good. I was hoping you liked to eat pussy."

"I love it." And with that I leaned over to partake of her treasure. Her slit was mostly closed and she didn't have any meaty inner lips hanging there. She was very smooth so she either shaved very close or she got waxed. I ran my fingers up and down the outside of her pussy and then licked from the bottom to the top of her slit. She lay back and put her hands on my head. Her outer lips parted and exposed her inner ones as they became blood filled and I licked. The hint of chlorine from the pool disappeared quickly to be replaced by the taste of her juices. She was delicious. I lapped at her, getting her more aroused and then started working on coaxing the appearance of her clit. It didn't really pop out, having a nice hood, but it was easily reached with my tongue and she moaned every time I reached it. I then took a couple of fingers and started slowly pushing them in, picking up more of the wetness of her pussy with each stroke. Once I had them fully inserted, I found her g-spot and started working it as I sucked and licked. She pulled her legs way back and held my head hard against her pussy. She was ready to cum already. I sucked on her clit, rubbed her g-spot, and when she started humping against my face, I hummed. She had a large spasm, groaned, and then went through a bunch of small grunts and hunched up against my face. I just let my tongue stay in contact with her clit while she humped her way through her orgasm. 

Finally, her legs came down and she put her feet on the ground on either side of the lounger and she exhaled noisily. "Whew. I really needed that." She sat up and pulled my head in to kiss me. We kissed and she tongued me heavily before pulling back. "You are pretty good. I think I'm going to like playing with you. Now stand up." I stood up. She grabbed my cock and looked up at me. 

I looked down at my hard cock in her hand. "So are you going to turn around, bend over, and let me fuck you hard or not?"

Maria laughed. "So you want to do me from behind, eh? Pretty bold, aren't you?"

"Well, we are being pretty frank here, and your ass is gorgeous. I had to look at it all last weekend and I took it out on Ann when we got home."

Maria laughed. "You did, eh? Well then, let's get to it."

Maria turned and bent over the lounger. She put her hands on the sides and bent over from the waist. I watched, almost hypnotized by her amazing ass and hips. She was a beautifully built woman. 

I knelt down and kissed her ass. "This is some ass."

"Thank you."

I stood back up and rubbed my hard dick up and down her soaking slit. Maria groaned. I worked it slowly into her pussy, going back and forth, gaining a little each time, until I was fully seated.

"Mmmm." Maria sounded happy. "You have a nice fat cock."

"Thank you. You have a nice tight pussy." I slapped her on the ass lightly and she wiggled it.

I started stroking in long and hard, my hips slapping up against her ass, the ripples from the impact rolling over her body. It was a fantastic sight and I knew I wasn't going to last long this first time, so I let her know. "I think I'm going to cum soon."

"Ugh." Maria grunted when she tried to speak just as I slammed home. "Me, too. Do it!"

I slammed hard into her, feeling the urge to cum overcome me. Maria cried out just at the moment I was going to cum that she was cumming. Her gyrations and pulsating pussy put my cock in overload and I jerked and jerked, filling her with my spunk. When I finally stopped, we were both sweating pretty heavily and a little worn out. I pulled out and sat down on the adjacent lounge chair and she turned and sat on hers. 

She flopped back and I watched her tits bounce and her pussy open a little, showing what I had left in her. "Whew! I really needed that. Now I definitely need to get back into the pool" Maria reached over and grabbed a napkin from our lunch and wiped her pussy. Then she stood up and headed for the pool. "Coming?"

I watched that delectable ass and immediately followed it into the pool. We relaxed for a few moments and after about 5 minutes, we heard Tom come through the house. He walked into the pool area and saw us there.

"How's it going? Getting a chance to relax, John?"

"Yes. The pool is great." I didn't want to have to talk about the sex and was hoping that Maria wouldn't mention it. I was also wondering what he would say about us being naked.

Maria walked up and out of the pool. She walked to Tom and kissed him. "Want to join us, honey?"

He grinned and looked over at me. "I see that Maria has convinced you that nudity is normal around here."

"Yes, she has." I stood up and walked out of the pool. After having just had sex, at least my cock was soft and not giving away my thoughts about Maria's ass that I watched as she exited the pool. "But I think I should be going now. I finished bringing down all the stuff from the bathroom, so we are just about done with removing the old stuff."

"Okay, good, thanks." Tom started to undress.

"Well, I should get dressed and head home to the family."

"Oh, okay." Tom turned and shook my hand. "I appreciate the help and you and your family are welcome here any time. Just call ahead if you bring the kids or they may get an eyeful." 
