 Rachel certainly isn't prim and proper and definitely not conservative. She'll try anything once and pretty much has. In most situations she likes to be told what to do, she loves giving blowjobs and is amazing at sucking cock and swallows every time. She loves to have her pussy licked and comes really hard. When she's had a few drinks she likes to be rimmed and occasionally tells me to stick a finger up her ass when she's riding cowgirl just before she's about to orgasm.

I'd applied to lonely planet magazine to review a hotel, a feature where a reader got to stay in a quirky hotel and review it. I hadn't heard back but 18-months later they rang me to review the hotel. We had one child at this point and he was packed off to the grandparents. The hotel was an old building where the rooms were duplexes with a bathroom and bedroom on a mezzanine looking out on to a sitting room. I didn't tell Rachel of the surprise although I suspect she knew. I packed her bag and told her to meet me in Manchester City Centre. I'd checked us in and was given the tour and sat down at a nearby cafe to write the review for the magazine. The room was amazing and the hotel had a hot-tub on the roof. We decided the night was all about intimacy and decided to go for dinner early so we could make the most of the evening with fewer clothes on.

I booked Rachel in to have a manicure and pedicure and went and did a bit of shopping. We decided to have a proper date night and we had a few hours apart in the afternoon. We spent some time in the hot tub on the roof as the sun went down and I was finding it hard to keep my hands off her body. She batted my hands away and told me I had to wait until later. I went to the room and got ready and went down to the bar while Rachel had a soak in the bath and got ready.

Rachel looked amazing in a little black dress with heels and she came down to the bar, heads turned as she passed. We had a cocktail or two in the bar. I hadn't seen the dress before and I commented on how good it looked, she told me the whole outfit she had was new. I have a huge weakness for hosiery in general but for hold-ups in particular. She drew the hem of her dress up to reveal the tops of her stockings and told me she had bought some new lingerie.

Dinner was brief, on purpose. We walked hand in hand back to the hotel and Rachel told me it was her night to control with a mischievous look. I smiled as I always knew when she took control it was going to be a good night. As we entered the hotel she told me to get some more drinks and bring them up to the room. She went upstairs.

I got to the room and the lights were low. She told me to sit on the couch. I could hear her heels on the stone steps as she made her way down the stairs. When she came in to view she sauntered over to me in a very pretty bra and thong set with hold-up stockings and her high heels. She sat opposite me drinking her cocktail while asking me what I thought. I was struggling for words and eventually managed to get out I thought she looked amazing. She placed her heels on the edge of the coffee table between us and asked me if I thought they looked too see-through as her fingers traced their way down to her thong and brushed her pussy through the material. I swallowed as she proceeded to give me a show that is still etched into my brain. She teased her clit and rubbed her pussy through her panties, knees drawn up slightly with her feet still on the table. She looked almost lost in herself as she brought herself closer to orgasm. As I moved she snapped back to attention. She stood and moved over to me reaching behind my head and tying and scarf around my eyes so I couldn't see.

She led me up the stairs to the bedroom. I stood waiting to find what was going to happen. She unbuttoned my shirt and kissed my neck, biting and scratching as she went. She threw my shirt to one side and began reached inside my trousers feeling my already iron-like hard-on. She said "good" and released my cock. She unbuttoned my trousers and they fell to the floor with me stepping out of them. She stroked my shaft as she kissed me. She bit the side of my neck and clawed my chest, sure signs she was horny as hell. She removed my underwear and took the tip of my cock in her mouth without touching it. I let out an involuntary sigh as she worked her magic. Rachel has many great qualities and giving and unbelievable blow job is one of them. She set to work drawing her nails over my balls and rubbing my perineum. She sucked the tip and she worked the shaft with one hand and cupped my balls with the other. That hand moved and I heard her reach into her panties before her index finger pressed against my ass. I love her toying with my prostate and she took my groan as a sound of approval. She fingered my ass as she continued to suck my cock. I warned her she was going to make me blow my load and she stopped immediately.

She pushed me back onto the bed and tied my hands to the iron bedstead. With the blindfold still in placed I could feel her moving on to the bed and working her way up to the head end. She stood, feet either side of my head and lowered her ass and pussy. I could feel her warmth but she stooped just above my face and commanded me to lick. I raised my head until my tongue came in to contact with her warm wetness. I lapped away as she moved herself shifting from attention on her clit to her pussy and ass and back again. She was wet and I knew she wouldn't last long before she he would hit orgasm but she lifted herself away before turning and lowering herself on my achingly hard cock. She ran her pussy the length of my shaft getting it moist before reaching for my cock and guiding it into her pussy. The blindfold added to the excitement as I was guessing what she looked like riding my cock; the familiar look, biting her bottom lip and grabbing as her own breasts as she rode me hard. She grinds down on my cock and rocks her hips circling as she nears orgasm. 

She grabbed my thighs and clawed her nails in to my leg spurring me on. I couldn't hold on any longer and she knew. She fucked me to orgasm drawing the come out of me. My whole body felt as though it was on fire. She then said "here's the surprise." She got up and turned around again lowering her pussy on to my mouth. This was something we had never down before and I was excited, at that point I wondered if she knew about my fantasy. I licked drove her to orgasm giving her my best attention. She came... hard and very loudly, a gush of sweet pussy juice trickling down my chin as I did my best to lap it up. My cock was hard again and she collapsed down on to my abdomen once her orgasm had stopped and lazily stroked my cock. 

She thanked me and told me she had been through my internet history and found erotic stories about guys going down on a girl after they had cum inside them. She thought I'd like to try it and she asked me what I thought of it. I said I loved it and she said the same. She told me she had taken note of some of the other things on my internet history and told me there was more fun in-store. It's led to a lot of fun nights and loads of firsts. We've never added anyone to the party and never strayed but we've had a lot of fun trying things.