 The short synopsis of this story to date is here, but reading the previous chapters may help.



My wife, Ann, had decided that she wanted to me to fuck other women. She had been reading cuckold stories and decided that she was a cuckquean. She had already had me fuck our neighbor Anita twice and I had teased her with a story about me getting a blowjob at my desk while I made her listen and she loved it. Each time we did something like this, her libido really got stimulated and we had sex every day, kids allowing. Once we got a few days away from these events, her libido would return to her only wanting sex once a week. 

It was now 4 weeks after I had fucked Anita, basically in order to get her pregnant. We were just finishing dinner and the kids rushed off for some play time when the doorbell rang. Ann went to answer it while I cleaned up the kitchen a little. I heard some squeals and screams and immediately headed for the door. I found Ann and Anita locked in an embrace. 

Ann let go and turned to me and said, somewhere quietly. "Honey, you did it, Anita's pregnant."

I hadn't been sure how I was going to feel about that until right now. I mean we had only had sex twice and I thought it might take longer. Two times was not much. Even my wife said she got immediately pregnant, but it had been a few months realistically. But I was looking at my wife's happy, smiling face and a completely overjoyed Anita. I couldn't help but be very happy for Anita and Bob who had not been able to conceive. "Congratulations, Anita." I put out my hand to shake it while she and Ann were still standing there with their arms around each other's waist. 

Anita pulled away from Ann. "Thank you, John." Then she moved into my arms and gave me a big, wet, tongue-filled kiss.

Ann giggled. "Get a room you two."

We broke apart and laughed. I looked at Anita. "I'm very happy for you. How is Bob?"

"Oh, my god. He's over the moon. He's called everyone in our family to tell them and is so happy I can't keep him on the ground."

"He'll come back down soon. Reality will set in – in about 9 months." 

Ann laughed. "That's for sure."

"Well, I have to go tell some other people, but I wanted to tell you two in person."

Ann and I kissed her again and then she started out the door. At the last moment she turned and got a really mischievous grin on her face. "Oh, I forgot to tell you. Bob says he wants three kids." Then she turned and left, giggling.

Ann started laughing. "I guess you have more work to do, bud."

I turned and smiled. "It's a tough job, but somebody has to do it."

Ann smiled and kissed me. "And my big stud is just the man."

"You know it."

She grinned. "Next time I want a movie of you and Anita."

I stared at her. "A movie?"

"Of course. I'm learning that I have quite a voyeuristic streak and I'd love to see you fucking her. I just want something to remember it by."

I pulled her into my arms and kissed her. "Mmmm. I think I love you and this arrangement."

"Me, too." 

We kissed and were making out a little, and had gotten caught up in it and not paying attention, when suddenly, our daughter Amy was standing there. "Mom, Dad, ewwww."

We just laughed and I chased Amy around and tickled her until she couldn't take any more.

Over the next couple of weeks, Ann's ardor cooled again, but it was not as noticeable to me because we were so damn busy. I was busy at work and the two of us were busy with youngsters who were quickly becoming their own people. They were so very young, but had very different personalities.

I came home one Thursday and my wife was at the kitchen table talking on the phone and looking very serious. I only heard her side of the conversation, but it didn't sound good.

When she hung up she turned to me. "Remember me telling you about my college roommate Joanna?"

"Sure. Was that her on the phone?"

"Yes, and she's a mess. She has two little girls, 2 and 4 years old, and she and her husband have been fighting and not getting along. So they agreed on a separation and the next thing you know, he starts showing up with a 22 year old intern from work on his arm. She finds out that they are an 'item' at work and are now living together. She just filed for divorce. She's completely distraught and I invited her over here so that she could get out of that town. She's coming tomorrow without the kids to stay for a week. Her parents are going to keep the kids. Are you okay with that?"

"Sure, honey. Whatever you want. I know that you two were very close in college and talk regularly, I'm just surprised that all this was going on without you knowing it."

"Yeah, me too. She used to tell me everything, but I guess she was holding that back. I guess it was just too personal and painful for her to tell me."

So we scurried around trying to make the place presentable to her friend. I reminded Ann that Joanna had two small children, so she was used to things not being perfect, but Ann wouldn't hear of it. Somebody was coming to visit her and her "place" had to look good. Somebody once told me that women will evaluate each other on the appearance of their house. I always thought that was a bit critical when you have little ones running around, but I wasn't going to be able to change this in my wife, that's for sure. We went through this every time someone was coming over. I had learned to just accept it, help where I could, and move on.

I came home from work on Friday and Ann and Joanna were sitting on the couch sipping wine. I said hello (she said to call her Jo) and noticed that they appeared to have been drinking for a while. I excused myself and went up to change. I said hello to Amy, who was in her room talking to her friends on her computer. 7 years old and already knows how to chat. Damn! Robert, as I found out, was over at a friend's.

I went back downstairs and the women were giggling and laughing. I was glad to hear that. I wasn't sure how long Joanna was staying, but I didn't want this place to be a morgue for the next week. Joanna was pretty gregarious after a few glasses of wine. I don't know what she was like normally, but Ann described her as someone who could really talk your ear off. She was a good looking woman, with auburn hair, a curvy figure, and a great smile. When she smiled her entire face lit up. 

We got along and I found Joanna to be smart and funny. I enjoyed her company. When we went to bed that night Ann was unusually horny. Maybe they talked about sex or something, but she was raring to go. The kids were asleep by 10 and we went to bed at 11. I knew Joanna might be awake, so I was surprised when Ann became rather vocal. I knew that the guest room was next to ours and she might hear something. The children's bedrooms were at the other end of the hall.

Ann was not just vocal, but begging me to fuck her hard and make her cum. She was using the dirty talk and I went along because, well, that made me fucking horny, too. It was about a 45 minutes session and left both of us exhausted. I leaned over her when we finished and ran my hand over her naked form.

"You are one beautiful, sexy woman."

She smiled and sighed. "Thanks."

"So are you going to tell me what got your motor running so hot today?" She looked at me and started biting her lower lip. "C'mon, out with it."

"I was talking to Joanna and she told me that she hasn't had sex in almost a year. I couldn't help but imagine letting you fix that and the vision of you fucking her made me wet and so fucking horny."

"Is this just a fantasy or would you really consider that?" I wanted to push her to tell me the truth.

"I would consider it, but since she just lost her husband because he cheated, she may not be able to accept that arrangement. It may hit too close to home."

"You're probably right. She needs to get over that first."

Ann leaned up and pulled me down for a kiss. "But I can still fantasize about it."

I chuckled and kissed her back. "Yes, you can. You can fantasize about it all you want if it makes you that horny."

"And I can talk to her about it, right?"

I thought about it. Of course I'd like to fuck Jo, but this was another close friend. "I guess so. I just want to be careful about who knows this arrangement."

"Jo is the closest friend I have and would never reveal anything we didn't want her to."

"Are you sure you want your best college friend to have sex with me?"

"Absolutely."

"Okay." 

I woke the next morning relaxed and ready to face the day. I had the car pool duties for my daughter's soccer game and had to pick up the girls from the other two families at 1000, so I woke at 8 and took my time. When I got downstairs, Ann and Jo were making breakfast and laughing. Jo was quite happy and upbeat. She even made a joking reference to the lack of sound-proofing in the walls. I just grinned, shrugged, and pointed at Ann. Jo laughed and Ann threw a dishtowel at me. I was glad to see that being with Ann was helping Jo break out of the depression that Ann had told me about.

A couple of minutes later, my little princess came down in her soccer gear, except for shoes, looking for food. She was so damn cute. She ate three pancakes, grabbed her tiny cleats, and was ready to go. We left, I picked up the other girls, and we went to the field for the game. The game started at 10:30 and didn't finish until 11:30. At this age, the girls were barely learning to dribble and shoot, so it was fun to watch them. They didn't worry about the score and were just having fun, so it was enjoyable no matter who won or lost.

When we returned home, Amy ran upstairs to get cleaned up from soccer and I noticed that Robert was gone visiting a friend. Ann and Jo were sitting at the kitchen table and the scene of the two of them looked so serene I could hardly believe that Jo was having a personal crisis.

I puttered around the garage and yard doing some fall cleanup until about 2pm. By then I was starving, so I went in and ate. Amy was watching TV and there was no sign of Ann and Jo. I went upstairs and found them in our bedroom, oohing and aahing over some of Ann's clothes and shoes. I got the hell out of there before they decided to ask my opinion on something and I got myself in trouble.

I finished outside and did some work on our computer and by 5pm I started thinking about what we might do for dinner. I asked Ann and she said that she and Jo had thought that it might be nice for everyone to go out and have pizza. I was up for that, so we made plans to go about 6:30. We left, ate, and were home by about 8:30. The kids were clamoring for ice cream, so Ann let them have some and I watched the summary of that days football games while they got them ready for bed. After they put them down, Jo and Ann were in the kitchen for a while and then finally came into the den where I was watching TV.

I was sitting on the right hand side of the couch and Ann came around and sat on the arm next to me. She pushed on my shoulder. "Move over so I can sit on this side of you." I moved over and wondered what was going on. She never sat there. Jo sat on the other end of the couch, leaving me in the middle. 

We watched a movie and I noticed that Ann kept Jo's wineglass filled. She was drinking, too, and they both looked like they were starting to feel a little warm and tipsy.

When the movie finished I handed the control to Ann. "You want to see if there is anything on you two want to watch?"

She took the remote and turned the TV off. "Not really, I just want to talk. Earlier Jo and I were reliving some of the things we did in college. We did some crazy things, eh Jo?

"Uh, sure." She looked at Ann like she didn't know where this was going.

"I don't think I ever told you John, but one of the crazy things we did was play strip poker. It's hilarious when you think about it." I frowned at her. Did I really want to know what she was leading up to? "It would be just us girls in the dorm playing and it wasn't like we hadn't seen each other naked before. But there was something fascinating about doing it with your friends; especially when there was a required action at the end. Right, Jo?"

I looked over at Jo, who was blushing, but smiling through it all. "Ann, don't you dare! If you do, I'll have to tell a story about you." She said that good-naturedly and I was hoping that Ann would definitely tell me about whatever it was. I was also trying to imagine what story Jo was going to tell about my wife.

"Don't what? Tell him how the games ended? Besides, John knows all my stories and he wouldn't care as long as he has me now."

"Evidently, not all your stories, but you know what I mean." 

I felt like I was watching a tennis match, my head going from one to the other of these women.

Ann continued. "I remember this one time that this girl named Rhonda lost. Do you remember that Jo?"

Jo grinned. "Oh, yes. I remember what we made her do."

Ann continued. "You see, John. Whoever lost the first game after being completely naked had to perform an action or dare. There was no getting out of it either. One girl tried and we all held her down, tied her up, and took pictures that we threatened to send to her family. Once you agreed to play you couldn't back out. In any case, Rhonda lost this one game and we made her run to the center of the quad and back naked. You have to understand that our house was actually just across the street from the part of the campus that had the nice quad area. She did it, too. It was about 2am and there didn't appear to be anyone around, but it was the idea that had her so excited that she could hardly sit down when she got back. She said it was such a rush that she was wide awake for hours." She leaned closer to me like it was a secret even though all three of us could hear what she said. "I think she had to get herself off because she was so aroused. What do you think, Jo?"

I looked at Jo and she was staring at Ann, but still smiling. "Uh, yeah, I think so."

I didn't know exactly where this was going, but I decided to continue the theme. "So tell me, Ann, did you ever have to perform a dare?"

Ann grinned. "Nope. We played about 20 times and I never had to do one, but Jo did."

I turned to Jo and she was shaking her head. "I can't believe you are going to tell him about that. I've never told anyone about that night, not even my ex-husband. And I bet you never told John about the TA at the frat party." She pointed her finger at Ann.

Ann giggled. "True, I haven't told him about that. I guess that's one story of mine he doesn't know. But we can do that later. Why don't you start on the dare you had to do?"

I looked at Jo. She hesitated and there was a long pause before she took a deep breath and sighed. She laughed and seemed to be okay with this, even though she was protesting a little. "Okay, okay." She took another long sip of wine and looked at me. "You have to understand that we had all been drinking and were not clear thinking adults. We were young and dumb and just trying to make people do things that excited us."

"Sure, the guys and I did some of those same things." 

Jo smiled briefly and looked down, her face blushing. "I can't tell him. You tell him."

Ann giggled. "Okay. Anyway, Jo lost one night and it was a pretty warm night. Whenever someone lost, all the winners huddled together to come up with the dare. I knew Jo pretty well since she was my roommate, so I had a good suggestion."

"Oh, god." Jo had her elbows on her knees and was holding her head in her hands, but trying hard not to laugh.

"We called her current boyfriend and one of the girls acted like she was Jo. She whispered to disguise her voice. She said that she was awake and needed some cock to suck." I looked at Jo and she was extremely quiet and holding her head. "We had this girl tell him to meet her behind the rhododendrons in front of the building. We could see straight down behind these bushes from our second floor. He came over and we sent Jo down there and she sucked him off two floors below us while we all watched."

"God, I can't believe you just told John about that. I wanted to tell my husband many times, but wasn't sure how he'd react. You're such a bitch." She was blushing, but actually smiling and enjoying the story telling as she jokingly called Ann a bitch.

I looked at Jo. "I think that's so fucking hot."

Ann giggled. "It was. Jo, I never told you but I got myself off three or four times just reliving that scene."

Jo looked at Ann, her face was pink. "Really? I was so embarrassed I couldn't even talk to some of the girls afterward. I'm still embarrassed now."

Ann reached over and patted her on the arm. "Several of the girls thought it was so hot, they couldn't hide their arousal and immediately went back to their rooms. I'm sure we know why."

Jo looked at me. "You must think we were odd."

"Why? Because you did crazy things in college? Or because it was sex based? Not at all. It was just part of growing up and learning who you really were."

Ann grabbed my arm. "We also made her do it because we knew she liked to give blowjobs."

"Ann!" Jo turned an even darker pink, but laughed and looked at me out of the corner of her eyes.

Ann giggled. "What? It's part of sex and we're all adults here. It's not like John thinks that you've never given anyone a blowjob before."

Jo looked at me, still blushing. "Is she always like this now? I don't remember her being so brazen when she was younger."

"Yeah, she's pretty wild and crazy now."

Jo looked at Ann. "Okay, bitch, now it's my turn." She grinned and looked at me. "One night we went to this fraternity party, even though we usually avoided them. We were there and this one teaching assistant from a course we had together was there. He was about 26 and very good looking. He was hitting on Ann pretty hard, but she didn't want to go anywhere with him. We usually didn't trust anyone in these frats enough to go anywhere alone with them and the TAs were certainly off limits."

Ann giggled. "John, please don't be shocked."

Jo interrupted. "Shut up, Ann. I'm telling a story." She grinned and Ann snuggled up close to me. "Anyway, we were drinking and he was trying to feel her up. She was having none of it, but then he started making those gross remarks about how guys can get blue balls if we just tease them all the time. He was calling Ann a tease and acting like he was 15." 

Ann giggled again and buried her head in my shoulder. "Oh god, just tell him."

Jo laughed. "See, I told you it was embarrassing. So, he was trying to feel up Ann and she wouldn't let him, but you could see he had an erection. Ann, being a little drunk, turned to him and told him that just to make sure he didn't get blue balls, she would jack him off. But he had to take it out right there. You see, we were in a kind of hallway that led to the back of the house and there were about 6 of us standing there. I think Ann was just calling his bluff and didn't think he would do it, but the asshole unzipped his pants and pulled out his dick. It wasn't big, but big enough to be visible by everyone. Ann just reached over, grabbed his dick, and jacked him off. When he got ready to cum, she held her beer cup in front of his dick and pumped his cum into her beer. She then nonchalantly walked away with him standing there with his dick hanging out. She came back a few minutes later with a new beer."

Ann was chuckling, but when she looked up at me I could see that she was a little concerned at how I felt about that story. It was not something she had told me and it was pretty brazen compared to what I knew about her life before us. I leaned over and kissed her on the lips. "Nice job. I guess he probably didn't talk about blue balls at a party ever again."

They both laughed.
