 The short synopsis of this story to date is included below, but reading the previous chapters may help. Also, in this chapter, I explore something that was recommended by a reviewer. 

The redheaded babysitter in this episode was inspired by the character Jessica on True Blood. She's a beautiful redhead and you can think about her as you read about this chapter. I know I did when writing it. She's so fucking hot! 




This is the continuing story of a cuckquean, my wife, Ann. She had been reading cuckold stories on line and decided that she was a cuckquean, a kind of female cuckold. This was based on how enthralled and excited she became by imagining me having sex with other women. I was shocked, but she pursued it. She didn't show any tendencies toward the humiliation or denial part, but loved knowing I was having sex with other women. Apparently, this started with some voyeuristic tendencies about watching someone she was involved with have sex with another woman when she was in college and now she got off on thinking I was having sex with other women. I didn't understand it, but she pursued it and I started doing so. I had fucked two women and gotten a blowjob at my desk, which was a fantasy I had shared with her. Each time we did something like this, Ann's libido really got stimulated and we had sex every day, kids allowing. Once we got a few days away from these events, her libido would return to her only wanting sex once a week, although I could get her excited just talking about it.

Karen Stevens and I were on our way home from our business trip where I had fucked Karen and she had learned about Ann's desire to have me fuck other women. Ann told me she was going to be horny as hell when I got home, so I called her from the car when we were about an hour out. We had left at 10am and would reach home at about 1pm. When I called at noon she was preparing a little something for us for lunch. 

"We'll be home in an hour. See you then."

 "Did you have fun fucking that older woman last night?"

"Yes, I did. She was wonderful in bed."

 "Okay, I'll see you when you get here."

I hung up the phone and Karen looked over at me. "I really don't understand."

I turned toward her. "Most of us can't understand it; you just have to accept it. We're all wired differently and have different pressure points. We've just found out that Ann likes this kind of thing and so, as two married people should, we are enjoying our love life. I could never offer her the same opportunity."

Karen shook her head. "Yeah, I guess. Maybe if my husband and I had been more open about ourselves, we'd still be together." 

"Are there things you wish you had discussed and tried sexually with your husband?"

She glanced over at me. "Well, yes."

"Like what?"

"I can't discuss them with you."

"You sure?"

"Yes, I'm sure."

"Okay, but if you ever want to discuss it or try it, let me know." I smiled when she looked over at me. "You know. My wife would love it if I had a fuck-buddy. I'd really love it if it was you. We could just help each other out until you find someone else."

She looked over at me. "Maybe." Then I saw her smirk. "If you're lucky."

I agreed immediately. "Of course that would make me lucky. You are a beautiful, sexy, intelligent, attractive woman. I could bed another 100 women and not find someone like you."

She looked over. "Isn't that laying it on a little thick?"

I chuckled. "Maybe – maybe not. I think you are a very desirable woman."

She actually blushed. "Thank you."

"Do you want to come in and meet Ann?"

"I don't think I want to at this point." 

"Okay. Well, I have your cell number and you have mine. Just let me know if you want to make this a regular thing."

We were quiet the rest of the way and when I got home Ann was waiting just inside the door in a robe. I kissed her and stuck my hand under the robe. She was naked.

"No clothes, huh?"

"I wanted to be ready for anything. Besides, I'm extremely horny after that telephone call last night."

"Good. Now, you said you were making me something for lunch?"

"Yes. I got some good hoagie rolls and made you a big sandwich. I figured my man could use some sustenance."

I grinned. "You are correct. Have you eaten?" We moved into the kitchen.

"Yes." She retrieved the sandwich, already on a small plate along with a handful of chips, and handed it to me.

"Come over here." I pulled her over to the table, putting the plate down. I put my arms around her and held her close. "I just want you to know that I love you, our kids, and our family. I would be happy without this arrangement, so if you decide at any time you want it to stop, it will."

She smirked. "Okay. I love you, too, but right now I love the arrangement."

"Yeah, well I think I can put up with it." I grinned and sat down. I patted the table in front of me. "Hop up here." She hopped up on the table. I stood back up and pushed on her shoulders. "Lay down." She did. I untied her robe and pulled it open. She lay back, propped up on her elbows, naked and beautiful, and stared at me. I picked up my plate and put it on her stomach. She flinched at that as the plate was cold, but I sat down, took a bite of my sandwich and slowly stroked her thighs. I could tell she was already aroused. I could see some wetness when I ran my finger over her slit. "Just lay there while I eat and then I'm going to have you for dessert."

"Yes, sir." She gave me a mock salute and lay flat on her back. She was just going to let me play and get her worked up.

I ate my sandwich and chips, and slowly stroked all over her thighs and pussy. I didn't touch her clit or insert my fingers. I just lightly stroked her slit and I could hear her breathing increase.

By the time I was done eating my sandwich, my wife was squirming and her breathing had deepened. The kids would be getting out of school soon so I wanted to hurry us along. I put the plate aside, stood up, extracted my hard dick, and rubbed it over her pussy.

"God, yes, I need that." My wife was more than ready.

I seated my dick and slid it home. She moaned and I groaned. I started pumping and rubbing her clit and my wife came in about 30 seconds. She had definitely been worked up. Once she relaxed, I pulled out and backed away. "I think I'll save the rest for later."

Ann slowly calmed down and finally sat up, closing her robe so she wouldn't get too cold. "Oh, I forgot to tell you that Anita and Bob are having a small party tonight and we're going. It's just adults, so I got a babysitter for Amy and Robert."

The babysitter, Jessica, was quite good-looking and showed up on time, which is always a good thing. Ann and I got ready and had fun at Anita and Bob's. I sometimes felt bad about Anita's baby, but I think in the long run it was going to work out for them. It was nearing midnight and we were all leaving when Anita came over and asked me a very interesting question.

"John, I have a proposition for you." She grinned.

She had not agreed to have sex any more after our last interlude, so I wondered where this was going. "Sure, what is it?"

"My cousin, Kathy, is a clothing designer. She has decided to strike out on her own and has designed a line of lingerie and erotic clothing. She wants to have a few small shows around town before her shop opens in about six weeks."

I grinned at that. "Nice! So what do you want from me?"

She gave me a slightly shit-eating grin. "She needs some models to model the clothing and I recommended you."

I frowned. "Wait. You did what?"

"She designs both men's and women's undergarments and erotic paraphernalia and needs some cheap models initially. I told her that you are not super buff, but in good shape and I told her I'd ask you."

About that time Ann came up to us. She could see we were serious about something, but evidently she already knew what was going on. "Did you ask him?"

Anita nodded. "Yes, but he's still thinking about it."

Ann put her arm through mine. "I think it's a great idea."

"Yes, but you won't be parading around in erotic clothing, I will."

Ann smirked. "Yes and I would love to see that."

I looked at her and thought about it. Then I turned to Anita again. "Well, what exactly would I have to do?"

Ann and Anita smiled at each other and I wondered where this was going. "Well, you have to model the erotic items she has designed for men so that the women can see them and decide if they will purchase them. That's all."

I looked suspiciously at the two of them. "I want to discuss this with your cousin, Kathy, before I make up my mind."

"Okay." Anita reached into her back pocket and pulled out her cell phone. She punched a few buttons. "I just sent you her number. You can call her and ask about it. The show she wants to hold is next weekend, so please call tomorrow."

I looked at Ann and her eyes were shining. She was excited by this. "Okay, I'll call her."

We left and I managed to find out that they both had discussed it. Ann was so excited about the chance to show off her man and talking about it that she was all over me all the way home. We had to relieve the babysitter quickly, even though I wanted to fuck her, too. Her name was Jessica and she was a stacked 19-year old redhead. But we dismissed her and I fucked Ann until we were both exhausted. This was definitely turning her on.

I called Kathy and we set up a time to meet on Tuesday. I told her I would do it if I could meet with her and discuss it first. We met and she showed some of the items designed for men. First off, Kathy was a beautiful, petite woman of about 5'2". She had just a few curves and looked athletic. She showed me some of the items after we talked briefly. There were erotic items like silk bikini briefs and thongs. There were also things like collars and cuffs that I was not too keen on. She said it was just a small show before 10 women, a few who were store buyers, and others who were just personal shoppers. She was just trying to get her store started. We discussed that and I could see that she really wanted to get her business started. I also actually liked the idea of doing this in front of 10 women and turning my wife on, so I agreed. This would be interesting.

On the next Saturday, I showed up and was met by Kathy. She showed me into a small bedroom in her home that had tons of stuff stacked in it. "Here is where you and Jessica will be changing. I'll tell you the next item as we go through them so that I can modify it based on the desire of the women reviewing them." She seemed all business like. I raised my eyebrows at the mention of the woman model also being in there changing. "I hope you don't have a problem with that. Models change like this all the time. Just relax and everything will be fine."

I sat on the bed and 10 minutes later Jessica came in. I hadn't even thought about it, but it was the young woman who baby sat for us. Shit! I had already had nasty thoughts about fucking this woman and now I would have to change in the same room with her. This could be good or bad.

She grinned upon entering. "Hey, Mr. T." She had started calling me that immediately.

"I think you should call me John."

She smirked and walked over to me. She put her hand on my chest. "But I like authority figures and I want to call you Mr. T."

Just the way she did that had my dick filling with blood. I tried to calm down. "Okay. How did you get roped into doing this?"

"Your wife recommended me and I agreed immediately. I need the money for college." She grinned lewdly. "Besides, I'm a very sexual person. I love the idea of modeling lingerie."

Just then the door opened and Kathy came in. She thanked us for doing this and then showed us how she had the boxes laid out. She had a planned order, but said she might change it depending on the audience. She was very professional and a little nervous. I guess I would be too, if I was trying so start an erotic clothing business.

She pointed out the first things we were to put on and left. Mine was a set of silk bikini briefs that, if my dick was hard, would hide nothing. Jessica's was a very lacy bra and panty set. 

I started undressing and Jessica immediately stripped, too. She was gorgeous. She had that alabaster skin that redheads can have, with just a few freckles. She had beautiful tits, with pink areolae and nipples. Her pussy was shaved to a narrow strip and her ass was to die for. I noticed as I undressed that she made sure to give me plenty of different views.

She turned when I took off my boxers and watched with interest as I put on the silk briefs. She grinned. "Nice package, Mr. T." I think I blushed, but she walked toward me, her nipples threatening to poke holes in the lace of the bra, and took hold of my cock. I jumped. "Relax, Mr. T. We just want you to have a chubby when we show the ladies those briefs. It makes everything look and sell better."

Well, I definitely had a chubby after that. Fortunately, I wasn't completely hard – yet.

Then Kathy called us out and we walked out in front of the women. They looked interested as we entered the room. Then I noticed that Ann, my wife, was sitting in the dining room and trying to hide from us. She winked at me and I realized that she was probably hiding from Jessica so that Jessica would not know that she had shown up. Funny how she had failed to mention even to me that she would be there. She just grinned and winked again.

The women checked out our wear and one wanted to feel the material of Jessica's panties. Then we were sent back and did it again with another type of undergarments for us both, but just a little different. This went on for four changes with Jessica's varying more than mine. I couldn't take my eyes off her body, so I waited until we were both ready and I told her that I thought a tag was showing in back. She turned around to let me fix it and I walked up to her. She had grabbed my package a couple of times to keep it a little chubby, but we had tried to remain mostly professional about this. I was tired of that. I walked up to her and instead of fixing an errant tag sticking out I just pulled her back against my crotch and reached around and cupped her tits. She was young and pliable and fucking hot.

Jessica moaned and leaned back against me. "Oh, Mr. T. I've been waiting for that for a while now. I'm so horny. I want to fuck you so bad. I wish you weren't married."

I nuzzled her neck and whispered. "I'm going to fuck you senseless when this is done, no matter what."

"Mmmm." Was all she said.

I released her and tried to get my dick to go down a little before we went out, but it was still pretty hard. The women loved Jessica's new outfit, but I noticed a lot of them stared at my dick. I started to like that.

Kathy followed us back this time and told us to put on something different. She had me select a kind of chainmail top and a leather thong. She put Jessica in a leather shelf bra, which made her tits look fucking amazing, a leather thong, a leather collar, mink cuffs with her hands behind her back, and a leash to attach to it. The mink cuffs pulled her arms back and lifted her tits up. It made them look like they were screaming for attention, so I gave it to them. I sucked on both and she stood there, eyes closed, wavering, as I did that. After a couple of minutes, I left them red, wet, and sticking straight out as I led her from the room by the leash. 

As we entered the room, some of the women stared at us and the mood changed. It got a lot quieter as we moved to the center of the room. My wife was peeking at us and grinned lewdly. I knew that all the women could see how wet and swollen Jessica's nipples were. There was also a very noticeable bulge in my leather thong. My dick was hard as a rock at this turn of events. At the prompting of Kathy, I led Jessica down the line of women and she explained the safeness of the mink cuffs and lined collar. All of the women stared at my crotch and Jessica's tits as we passed. I then led Jessica to the center of the room and helped her to her knees. Kathy was busy explaining everything when Jessica turned and nuzzled my thong encased cock. A couple of the women got knowing grins on their faces, while a couple of others just went wide-eyed. My wife grinned and threw me a kiss.

Kathy turned to see what Jessica was doing and smiled herself. She told the women that just wearing the items made everyone feel sexy and a bit turned on. I was sort of paying attention, but Jessica nuzzling my cock was a little distracting. I looked up at Kathy and she was looking at me as hungrily as the rest of the women.

Kathy then ignored what was going on and kept on about other items in the domination/submission genre that the women might find enjoyable. Meanwhile, Jessica was trying to free my cock from its confines with her nuzzling, but it wasn't happening.

Before we got carried away and got my cock out, Kathy sent us back to the bedroom to change. As we passed I caught Ann's eye and motioned with my head and eyes toward the bedroom. I wanted her to come back. When we got back to the room, I shoved Jessica to her knees and yanked my dick out. I turned to my gym bag with my clothes and extracted a condom, something I had just started carrying around. I unwrapped it and slowly rolled it onto my cock. Jessica stared at it. I walked forward and shoved it into her mouth and she started sucking my cock without hesitation. She was pretty good and I let her do that for a few moments, but I really wanted to fuck this hot little redhead.

I pulled her to her feet, stripped her thong off, and led her over to the bed. I turned her to face the bed and helped her up onto it on her knees, leaving the cuffs in place. "Put your face on the bed and stick your ass into the air. I'm going to fuck you now, you horny little bitch."

Jessica laughed. "Oh, yes, Mr. T. I am a horny bitch. All the time. Fuck me now and fuck me hard."

I crawled up behind her and smacked her on the ass. She moaned and shook it. I leaned over to look at the beautiful ass and pussy in front of me. Her lips were very pink and bright. She was obviously already wet and had been for a while. Her asshole was also very light colored. She was very pale.

I leaned over and kissed her right on her pussy. She jumped and moaned and then arched her back to open herself up to me. I ignored that. I then kissed her right on the pink star of her asshole. She flinched and trembled. 

"Oh, god, Mr. T. That's so hot."

I grinned to myself and then saw the door open slightly. It was to my right. I saw Ann peek around the door. I grinned even wider. Jessica had her face turned to the other side of the room, so I waved Ann to come in. She slipped in quietly and then backed slowly into the closet just behind me and to my right. I had wanted her to watch and now she was going to! My wife was really getting into me fucking other women and, apparently, watching as well. 

I stood up over Jessica and pointed my dick down at her pussy. She had arched her back so her pussy was pointing back and a little up. I was going to try to give my wife a good show like you see in porn where the guy is standing and driving down into the woman so that the fucking is readily visible to the camera.

I squatted a little and centered my cock. I eased it into Jessica. Damn! She was tight, hot, and wet. She was definitely ready for some cock.

"Oh, yes, Mr. T. Fuck me!" 

Jessica egged me on, so I started pumping into her, staying mostly upright so that my wife could view the fucking. But I was squatting over her in an uncomfortable position, so after a couple of minutes I couldn't take that any more. I pulled out, much to Jessica's dismay, and slapped her on the ass.

"I want you on top." I helped her to her knees and then lay down next to her. She immediately clambered over me, her hands still behind her. I held my cock straight up and she lowered herself down onto it.
