 The short synopsis of this story to date is included below, but reading the previous chapters may help. Also, in this chapter, I explore something that was recommended by a reviewer. 

This is the continuing story of a cuckquean, my wife, Ann. She had been reading cuckold stories on line and decided that she was a cuckquean, a kind of female cuckold. This was based on how enthralled and excited she became by imagining me having sex with other women. I was shocked, but she pursued it. She didn't show any tendencies toward the humiliation or denial part, but loved knowing I was having sex with other women. Apparently, this started with some voyeuristic tendencies about watching someone she was involved with have sex with another woman when she was in college and now she got off on thinking I was having sex with other women. I didn't understand it, but she pursued it and I started doing so. I had now fucked five women and gotten a blowjob at my desk, which was a fantasy I had shared with her. Each time we did something like this, Ann's libido really got stimulated and we had sex every day, kids allowing. Once we got a few days away from these events, her libido would return to her only wanting sex once a week, although I could get her excited just talking about it.

- 

After my modeling session, Ann and I played together almost every night for a week after the kids went to bed. She was insatiable. She had been able to watch me fuck Jessica and this had really fed her voyeuristic and cuckquean streak. I was letting things cool down a little before we tried something else, thinking that things had progressed pretty far and I was not sure we really needed it to continue. I thought it best to not try to be too obvious so that there were no problems with anyone who knew us. After all that, however, circumstances intervened.

The next weekend, Katherine, whom everyone just called K, called and said she was going to be in town for work the next week and then wanted to know if we could get together on Friday night. She worked at one of our other business locations and I had fucked her one morning in my hotel room. She had spoken to Ann on the phone, albeit reluctantly, during that (see Chapter 4). She now wanted a return engagement. I asked her why.

"Well, you are a sure thing, you're clean, and I can walk away afterwards without any problems. I don't have any steady boyfriend prospects, so this is my best option to get laid."

"K, you could walk into any bar and get laid." I knew from a discussion I had had with her that night when she got drunk that she didn't feel attractive compared to the busty bitch in her office out there. That woman was always reminding K that she was not as well built as her and whenever K broke up with someone that bitch tried to go after and fuck her ex. But I disagreed completely with that woman and K. I thought K was better looking than that in your face busty bitch. Her attitude was a turn off. K, on the other hand, had a little shyness about her and was tiny and petite. She was a very attractive package.

"Maybe, but the odds of getting someone who will take care of me first are low. This way I have a known quantity."

"You make it sound so scientific."

"Well, it kind of is."

"Okay, where are they putting you for your work?"

"On the second floor, in Karen Stevens's area."

"Okay. I'll find you and we can make the arrangements when you figure out your hours."

"Okay, good. I'll see you next week."

"Yes, you will."

I hung up and told Ann about the conversation. She stared at me. I was concerned by that. "What is it? Are you having second thoughts? Do you want me to stop?"

"No, no second thoughts." She moved over to stand next to me and put her hand on my shoulder. She was trembling a little. I looked up at her concerned, but she allayed those immediately. "Do you think you could arrange for her to let me watch? I mean so that I am in the room and I can move around and watch you two have sex? I want to be right there and watch everything."

I looked at Ann. "Uh, sure, I can talk to her. Are you sure about this?"

She took my hand and ran it up the skirt she was wearing. Her pussy was uncovered, available, and wet. "What do you think?"

Wow, just telling Ann about K again had gotten her motor running. I pushed a finger into her pussy, eliciting a moan. "I think my wife needs a good, hard fucking."

She turned her head toward the stairs. "The kids are upstairs, so maybe later." It was late Sunday afternoon and the kids were enjoying a movie.

I teased her a little more and then withdrew my finger. I wanted to keep her on edge though, so for the next couple of hours, whenever we had a free moment I would run my hand up her leg to her pussy and just lightly touch it while I whispered in her ear that I was going to fuck K in our bed while she watched. By the time the kids were in bed, she was manic.

As soon as they were in their rooms for the night, Ann drug me to our bedroom, ripped off her clothes, bent over the edge of the bed, and told me to fuck her hard.

I leaned over her back and lightly stroked her pussy. "You meant to say 'Please', didn't you?" I smacked her lightly on the ass when I finished asking.

"Yes, please, honey, can you fuck me hard now?" She was practically panting.

I loved how much more open she was with her body and her language now that we had aired out and even acted out most of our fantasies. I rubbed her pussy some more, inserting two fingers into a very wet, very hot hole. "Can you see it? Can you see me fucking K on this bed while you sit next to her and watch? Maybe you'll masturbate for us while we watch you, too."

Ann groaned. "Honey, please." She arched her back as I continued to plunge two fingers into her.

I pulled my fingers out and used them to circle her clit. "Promise me you'll lie on the bed next to us and masturbate for us."

"I don't know if I can."

I stopped rubbing her pussy. "Promise me."

"Okay, yes, damn you, I'll do it, only if you make me cum soon."

I bent over behind her and put my tongue flat against her pussy. I could hear her sharp intake of breath. Then I ran it up through her gash and over her asshole. She was breathing heavily now, so I dropped my pants and freed my dick. I was hard as a rock since teasing her turned me on.

I put my cock up against her pussy and she started pushing back. I let her. She started getting my cock into her and I pushed forward hard and rammed it home. She groaned and arched her back. 

"Rub your clit." I told her as I grabbed her hips and fucked her hard. She did. It was only about 60 seconds later that she started cumming, shaking and jerking around under me until she almost collapsed forward onto the bed. I held her up for a few seconds, but then decided against it.

I let Ann drop forward onto the bed, my wet cock coming out of her. She lay there panting. 

"Shit! I really needed that." She turned over and opened her legs. "Fuck me hard until you cum, baby."

I looked down at her. My wife was still very beautiful and I loved her. I was amazed at where we had gone with our sex life, but I still wanted to fuck her most of all. I pulled her towards me so I could remain standing. She grinned.

"Fuck me, John. Fuck me like you fucked K, and Karen, and Jessica, and Anita."

"You're right. I fucked them. I fucked them hard. I usually make love to my wife, but it appears that you just want to be fucked now, huh?"

"Yes, please."

I lined my dick up and pushed back into her. Ann immediately started thrusting back and I pounded her until she came again and I filled her up with cum. I flopped down beside her on the bed.

Ann turned to me. "Damn, John, all that teasing had me so wound up I thought I was going to have to come up here and take care of business while the kids were still awake."

I grinned. "Yeah, you can get wound up pretty easily."

"Yeah, and you seem to like teasing me."

"I'm only doing what my beautiful little wifey really wants me to do."

Ann chuckled. "Okay, I admit that it made everything really good."

After we settled down a little, we got up and got ready for bed - to sleep that is. When we were comfortably bed down, I turned to Ann. "Are there any boundaries for what happens when you are watching me fuck K?"

She thought about it for a moment. "Only one. I told you I have no desire to have sexual contact with a woman."

"Okay. I understand. Nothing else, eh?"

"No, I don't think so."

"So, for instance, I could have her lay her head on your stomach and pull out of your pussy to feed my cock to her?"

Ann hesitated. "I guess."

"And vice versa for you?"

Ann hesitated a little longer. "I guess."

"You enjoyed my dirty cock before, so that's why I'm asking. I want to set the ground rules. If you don't say no to it, I'm going to assume its okay."

"Yes." This time it was almost a whisper.

"Ann, don't be afraid to say no to anything I ask you to do. You don't have to do anything you are not comfortable with. You can always say stop while we are there, too. Don't be afraid to stop something you don't want to do."

"Okay."

And with that we slept.

The next week went by quickly and the kids were busy with tons of stuff, so our sex life was non-existent until Friday. On Friday, Ann had made arrangements for her parents to watch the kids. The grandparents were happy to do so and the grandkids were overjoyed since they were so spoiled over at that house.

I had spoken to K during the week and arranged for us to meet at a bar near work. I had also told her that Ann wanted to be in the room and watch. She was a little unsure, but agreed after come convincing by me that she'd enjoy it.

I told K that we'd meet at 6pm and at almost exactly that, she came strolling in. I had told my wife to meet us there at 6:30. K walked in wearing a nice skirt and blouse. I grinned at her and noticed several of the young guys checking her out. When she got to the table I gave her a quick hug and we sat down. I pointed out that the young bucks were checking her out.

"Well, they can just keep checking me out. I know I have a good lover right here and I'm going to just get sex tonight without all the other bullshit. That's all I need right now."

I grinned. "Thanks. I'm glad you think I'm a good lover."

"Your wife is a very lucky woman. You are good at sex and love her, so she's got it all."

"Don't forget two beautiful kids."

She laughed. "Spoken like a father."

"And I'm lucky, too. My wife is beautiful, a wonderful lover, and lets me fuck delectable things like you."

K shook her head and laughed. "How the hell did we get to this point?" 

"Well, as I remember, you threw yourself, naked, into my bed."

"Oh, that." She grinned some more.

It was at that time that Ann showed up. She walked up to the table and I stood up. K turned to look at Ann and hesitated for a moment, then stood up as well.

"Hey, honey." I gave my wife a quick kiss and hug. Then we turned to K. "Ann, this is Katherine, who goes by just K. K, this is Ann."

Ann put out her hand and she and K shook. "It's nice to meet you."

K stared at her for a second. "I'm sorry. I was taken aback by how beautiful you are."

Ann blushed. We all sat and I faced K. "I told you she was."

"Yes, but a man in love sees with his heart, not his eyes, and I thought maybe, well, that you were just saying that."

I turned to Ann and put my hand on hers. "Nope. She's a beautiful woman."

The waitress walked up at that moment and we all ordered something to drink. I could tell that Ann and K were a little apprehensive. After a couple of drinks, I told them we should leave and go back to our place. K hesitated as Ann headed toward the door and pulled on my arm. 

"Are you sure this is okay?"

"Yes. Now let's get going."

K and I got into my car and Ann got into hers. We followed Ann home.

When we arrived at home, Ann met us at the door and we went in. Then Ann turned to me and asked to talk in the kitchen while we left K in the living room. I asked K to wait and followed Ann. When we got there, she hugged me and started whispering. "Do you remember what I told you about me and Joanna in college?" I nodded. "Do you remember the scene where I was making out with my boyfriend and she came over and sucked him off while we made out?" I nodded again. "I want to reenact that. Can we do that?"

I pulled back a little and looked into her face. "You sure?"

"Yes."

"Okay, give me a minute with K and we'll see."

"Okay."

I went into the living room. K was sitting there, nervous. "K, I'm so sorry we did that so quickly. Can I get you something to drink?" I thought I should be a good host first.

"No, thanks. Just tell me what you and Ann were discussing in the kitchen. Is the whole thing off now?"

I grinned. "Not a chance. You see, one of Ann's experiences that led to this situation happened in college and she would really like to reenact it."

"Okay." She looked at me quizzically. "Well, Ann called me earlier this week and told me that already. She just had to talk you into it."

"Smart ass woman!"

K looked at me, and then grinned. "Well it sounded hot, so I'm ready. We talked a lot about everything and I think I understand her now."

"So you're okay with this?"

"Oh, yeah."

"Okay, you go upstairs to our bedroom. It's the last door on the right. Sit in the side chair there and Ann and I will be right up."

"Got it." K stood up and kissed me hard. She squirmed when she felt my dick harden, but she pulled away and scampered upstairs.

I went back into the kitchen. Ann was standing there all flushed, fidgeting with her hands. She looked at me apprehensively as I came in. 

"So, I understand that you and K have already discussed this."

"Yes, we did. Is that alright?" Ann looked concerned about how I would feel about this.

"Let's see, you want to reenact a scene so that you and I will be making out and K will blow me. I think I can handle that."

Ann let out a big breath. "Whew! I was afraid you'd be angry that I called her."

I took her hand. "No, that's fine. You could have told me and then we all could have had lunch together. Everyone understands what is going on here."

"No, I needed to discuss things with her on the phone before meeting her. I would have been too embarrassed to start that conversation in person."

I pulled her toward the door. "I understand. Now let's get going. Your husband is horny."

Ann grinned, but stopped me. "Wait a second." She raised her skirt and pulled her panties off. Then she did that thing that women always do to remove a bra with their blouse still on. "I want you to feel me up while we do this, and then when you cum, you have to be kissing me."

"Is that how it happened last time?"

"Yes. My boyfriend and I continued to make out. He would watch Jo suck his cock for a bit, and then kiss and feel me up. He even managed to get a finger in me and had Jo suck it clean. Maybe you can do that, too? Then when he came, he was kissing me and I could feel each jerk and spasm all the way to tip of his tongue."

Wow, this was very interesting. "Okay, I got it. Now let's go upstairs so I can get a blowjob from another woman."

Ann moaned at that and I pointed her towards the stairs. As she went up, I continued to lightly smack her ass and tease her crack.

When we got to the bedroom, K was sitting in the small armchair that we had in the corner. I led Ann to the bed and sat her there. Then I sat next to her and started kissing her. She moaned and I ran my right hand up across her tits, stimulating her nipples. She groaned. I rubbed them and then ran my hand down to the bottom of her skirt and put my hand under it. She opened her legs and gave me free access to her pussy. I managed to get my hand in there enough to lightly rub her pussy. She pulled away from the kiss we were holding and pushed me flat on the bed, with my legs hanging a little off the side. She then put herself in the middle of the bed and gave the motion to K. She gave her the signal to come over and then pointed at my crotch. I was pitching a pretty good tent by this point.

K slunk down out of the chair and walked to the bed. She seemed to be fine with this entire idea. I guess she wasn't as shy as I thought and I had definitely found out last time that she was a very sexual being.

K grinned at us and then started undoing my belt. She got it undone and I helped her with my pants. She put her hands on either side and I lifted up my hips and she yanked my pants and boxers to my knees. My dick was hard and bounced up as it came free. K giggled and Ann watched closely as K wrapped her hand around my cock. K looked up at Ann and Ann smiled and nodded. K still looked a little apprehensive, but continued. K made a major drama out of slowly raising her head up and licking my cock from the bottom to the top. I could feel Ann tense and take a deep breath as that happened.

I turned to Ann and pulled her back down to kiss her again, but she only let me do that for a second before she pushed me back and pulled free. She sat up on the bed and stripped her clothes off, which was different than what she described in her encounter with Jo. She lay back down next to me and grabbed my right hand and put it on her pussy. I started stroking it and suddenly felt K's mouth close completely over my cock. I turned to watch as she bobbed up and down a few times. She looked up at me and then Ann as she had my cock in her mouth. She pulled back after a few bobs.

"God, this is so hot." She put her mouth back over my cock. My wife leaned down and whispered something to K. K nodded and then my wife did something I never thought I would see.

Ann put her hand on the back of K's head and pushed down. "Don't talk; just suck my husband's cock." Evidently they had reached some agreement about Ann controlling this or talking about it or something. I couldn't think straight anyway with my naked wife lying next to me forcing another young woman down on my cock. All the blood was definitely gone from the thinking head.

I turned to Ann and she gave me a nasty grin. I moaned as K went to town. I was rubbing Ann's pussy a little, but she had made it difficult by the way she was leaning forward to hold K by the hair. Then Ann surprised me again by sitting up. She spread her legs, sat back on her heels, and looked at me. "Finger fuck my pussy, honey. I need to cum."

She was on her knees, sitting back on her heels as I opened up her pussy and sunk two fingers into her. She kept her hand on K's head, pushing her up and down on my cock. I think she was getting off on controlling the action. I doubt this happened with Jo, but it was certainly a turn on to see her do this.

Then Ann surprised us further. She started talking dirty, which I think she must have also mentioned to K because she didn't seem fazed in the least by it. "Oh, yes, K, look at how my husband is finger-fucking my pussy while you suck his hard cock." She waited until K had a chance to take a glance to her left and see what Ann had just described. "You are such a dirty little cock-sucker, sucking off my husband while I watch." This was new and she also kept pushing on K's head to keep her on my cock. "I want you to suck him off and swallow all that delicious cum of his. That's the only way you will earn the right to fuck my husband."

K looked up at me and I just stared, my cock doing all the talking. I let my wife continue to do this and K didn't put up a fight, so she was obviously okay with everything. But I had to admit, this was going to make me cum quickly. I did not expect it, but it was a turn-on to hear my wife berate a woman giving me a blowjob. 

Ann was suddenly at her peak and let us know. "Oh, god, honey, right there. You're going to make me cum!" She thrust at my hand where I had two fingers in her pussy and was rubbing her clit. K slowed down to watch as Ann started trembling and shaking and had her orgasm sitting there. She shook and shook and finally stopped. She looked at me and I was grinning. "Oh, god, honey, you are so good at everything." She leaned over and kissed me. 
