 The short synopsis of this story to date is included below, but reading the previous chapters may help. In this chapter, things go even crazier for John. He gets to fuck even more young women.

*****

This is the continuing story of a cuckquean, my wife, Ann. She had been reading cuckold stories on line and decided that she was a cuckquean, a kind of female cuckold. This was based on how enthralled and excited she became by imagining me having sex with other women. I was shocked, but she pursued it. She didn't show any tendencies toward the humiliation or denial part, but loved knowing I was having sex with other women. Apparently, this started with some voyeuristic tendencies about watching someone she was involved with have sex with another woman when she was in college and now she got off on thinking I was having sex with other women. I didn't understand it, but she pursued it and I started doing so. 

In the last chapter, we had our second encounter with our new neighbors and Ann had found that she liked being in control of the action when she was there. She had discovered a woman named Betty who had lost her husband and loved to be dominated and that Maria didn't mind it. Ann set up a nice scenario for me to show off her new found ability.

Sunday morning came early and Betty got a call saying her kids were going to be home by 10, so she left immediately. After her departure, I asked my wife about the domination aspect of our last bout of sex with Maria and Betty. She confessed that she had no idea where it came from, but it had become more and more interesting to her to control some action where I was involved with some other women. She said that Betty had made it much easier for her and that her confidence was growing. I told her I liked it, but I wanted to try some other things.

We didn't see anyone for a couple of weeks as things got really busy at work and home. We were super busy with the kids and, as a result, were not having sex like I wanted. It wasn't like Ann didn't want it either as her libido was still hyped up from the scene with me, Betty, Maria, and Tom. 

It was a Saturday morning in the early fall when she got a call from Joanna, her college roommate. We had played with her once, briefly, just after she and her husband had filed for divorce. Evidently, Joanna had found a job that was close to us and was coming to the area. When Ann got off the phone she turned to me.

"I invited her to stay with us until she finds a place to live."

I looked up from the newspaper. "She had two little girls, right?"

She nodded. "Ages 2 and 4. All three will be coming. I hope that's okay."

"It's fine. You think we should put them all downstairs?" Our basement had a large recreation room and a large finished bedroom and bath. The bedroom had a king size bed in it and there was a futon in front of the TV in the rec room.

"Sure. I think they'd like that. I would imagine that the girls wouldn't mind having your 60" TV for watching their shows."

"Yeah, I bet."

"Okay, I'll call her and tell her the arrangements. She said she has to start work in two weeks and will be here Sunday so she can get the girls into the day care center right next to the school where Amy and Robert are going. She's going to try to ensure she finds a place to live in this area so that they will go to the same schools."

"Sounds good. I'll go downstairs and make sure everything is put away for Sunday."

Ann walked over and kissed me. "Thank you. You are a good husband."

I pulled her onto my lap. "I try hard. It's tough to keep up with you because are so good to me."

Ann kissed me and wiggled her butt on my lap. Robert and Amy took that moment to walk in. Amy got that 'oh my god, my parents are so embarrassing' look on her face. And Robert just walked to the refrigerator, ignoring us.

Ann got up. "Amy, Robert, do you remember my friend Joanna? She came here a few months ago?" Robert just looked at Ann. Amy nodded. "Well, she found a job near here and is going to come and live with us with her two little girls until she finds a house for them. Her girls are 2 and 4 years old, so I want you two to be good to them and make sure they have fun here, okay?"

Robert just stared for a moment before shrugging his shoulders and leaving. Amy only gave the perfunctory 'Okay, Mom' before departing the area.

Ann turned to me. "Well, I guess that means they are okay with it."

I chuckled. "Yeah, it's hard to figure out what is going on in their heads sometimes."

Ann kissed me again. "Okay, let's get the basement ready." So we did.

We made sure the basement was ready and then on Sunday, about 2pm, Joanna and her two girls showed up. Ann bounded out to meet them and welcome them and I stayed on the porch for a minute. The two little girls were adorable. One had her mother's auburn hair and the other was a very pale blonde. They had both been dressed very nicely for the trip and Joanna and Ann talked about them for a couple of minutes until I wandered out to meet them. 

Joanna turned to the two girls. "Beth, Carla, this is Mr. Johnson."

"Hi, Beth, Carla." Beth was the four year old and Carla the two year old. Beth stayed just behind her mother as she looked up at me and Carla, still the trusting two year old, looked up at me and smiled. She said hi.

"Okay, you guys head into the house and I'll start unloading. Ann will show you where we are putting you and I'll bring your stuff downstairs."

Joanna asked the little ones to grab their little personal rolling suitcases, even though they were more for show, and grabbed a back pack herself. Ann led them into the house and I opened the back of the SUV and started unloading. She had brought three suitcases and a couple of boxes. 

We got the three stowed downstairs and by this time the two of them were staring zombie-like at the big screen TV in the basement as it played whatever was on the Disney channel.

Joanna came over and gave me a big hug and then stepped back. "Thank you so much for doing this. I really needed some help until I can get these two settled." She grabbed my arm and led me back into the bedroom. Ann was there and Jo turned to the two of us. "Be patient with the Beth. She saw her father and I have some pretty intense disagreements and arguments. She is very untrusting of anyone except me right now. Especially you, John. I haven't seen her as much as let another man shake her hand since her father and I started having problems."

I looked at Ann. "Well, we'll do whatever we can. Maybe she'll loosen up being around Robert and Amy and seeing how we interact with them. How is Carla?"

"Carla missed most of the bad stuff. She was too young to be awake or realize what was going on most of the time."

"Okay." I headed toward the door. "Get settled and we'll see what we can do about dinner."

I already had the food lined up for dinner. I had marinated some chicken and bought some hot dogs for grilling. I was sure that that would loosen them up a little. It was approaching 6pm and I was sure they would be tired, so I started the grill right away and cooked the food. Ann prepared a salad and got the condiments out. We called them up and Robert and Amy came scrambling downstairs at the same time. We introduced Beth and Carla to our kids and then all ate a relaxed dinner outside. As soon as the food was consumed enough to satisfy them, the girls all headed up to Amy's room. She was, of course, dying to show them her room and all her 'stuff'. She had plenty. I was sure that the girls would be busy for quite a while playing with her stuff. I cleaned up outside and Jo, Ann, and I put everything away. Then the ladies headed downstairs to work on putting away some things. I plopped into my easy chair and watched some college football. 

At about 9pm, Jo and Ann worked on getting all the kids cleaned up, bathed, and ready for bed. They were all in bed by 10pm and it looked like they were all out as soon as their heads hit the pillows. 

Ann and Jo came into the room and I was watching the late football game. I turned and they were both wearing long t-shirts as nightwear. The shirts came all the way down to their knees, so it was not necessarily a sexy look.

Ann came over and stood next to me. She didn't say anything, just stood there with a smile on her face. "What?" I couldn't figure out what was going on.

Ann chuckled. "Jo is going to make her first rent installment." 

Jo came over and knelt in front of me and went to work on my pants. I let her, of course. She had my pants open in no time and pulled them down. I was commando.

"Commando?" Ann laughed and slapped me on the shoulder. "You dirty dog, you were hoping for some tonight, weren't you?"

"I was hoping for something from you, but this is good, too."

Ann laughed again. "I bet."

Jo was now holding my cock in her hands and looking up at us. It was slowly coming alive. Ann knelt next to my chair and put her head next to mine. She turned my head and gave me a kiss and Jo took that moment to start sucking my cock. It was at full hardness quickly. 

Ann released me from the kiss and we both looked down at Jo working on my cock. She looked up, went down below my balls, and licked up and all around them. She held onto my cock and slowly bathed my balls with that wonderful tongue. Ann narrated. "She really likes balls, I think. She is quite the expert cock-sucker. And now she is licking your big, fat cock. Sucking on the head, finding that sensitive spot along the bottom with her tongue. She's going to suck the cum right out of those balls." I just watched, and thrust a little, as the two women took over. "It's been awhile since we had sex, Jo, so be ready for a quick and big load." 

Jo put her mouth over my cock and started bobbing. Ann took her by the hair and started helping. "Bob up and down on that delicious cock you slut. I know you want that cum." Ann was now pretty forcefully pushing her head up and down on my cock, making sure she took as much as she could. "Suck that cock, bitch. You need to drink all of that cum that my husband is going to give you. You are his cum slut now, you nasty cock-sucker." 

We hadn't had sex in a couple of weeks and when that was combined with my wife's dirty talk and Jo's excellent mouth, I didn't stand a chance of lasting long.

"Cumming!" was all I could get out. Ann held Jo's head steady as my instinct to thrust took over.

"Suck on the head and lick it as he fucks your mouth, Jo. He is going to reward you with his delicious cum shortly."

I was thrusting toward completion now and reached it as Jo ran her tongue back and forth along the bottom of the head. 

"Fuck!" I came hard. Jo flinched initially, and then started sucking and swallowing. Shit! I came really hard and filled her up good. I must have thrust up and spurted 5 or 6 good times and then just slightly clenched as the last few spurts came out. Jo just kept sucking. I know I came a lot this time, but Jo was an expert cock sucker and didn't spill a drop. 

When I finished, I relaxed and Jo let my cock slip from her lips.

Ann patted Jo on the head. "Good girl. Nice cock-sucking. You always were good at that." She grinned.

"Shut up, bitch!" Jo said playfully. "I hear you give world class jobs yourself."

"Yes, I do." Ann turned toward me. "Right, honey?"

"World class." I looked down at Jo. "However, I think rent payments will be due often."

The two women laughed and Ann kissed me lightly. "Men. As soon as they finish one orgasm, they are already thinking about the next one."

"Too true." I agreed with that.

Jo stood. "Okay, I need to brush my teeth and get to bed. Lots of things to do tomorrow."

"Okay, good night."

When Jo was gone, Ann looked at me. "Can I get some assistance for my extremely wet pussy?"

I chuckled. "Absolutely." I stood up. "Get into the oral sex chair."

Ann climbed in. "I thought this was an easy chair."

"It is. Everyone is easy when they are sitting in this chair." And I proceeded to give my wife head and make her cum. She was already soaking and didn't take long.

The rest of that week was extremely busy. Jo was getting her daughters settled into a routine and Ann and I were running about with the kids, going to their activities, ferrying them and their friends to each other's houses, etc. When Friday came around, I was ready for some relaxation. I was taking it easy at work and dreading the loss of my assistant. We had had a going away pizza party for her the day before. Everyone in the organization liked her and I was going to especially miss her. She was an excellent assistant.

When I arrived at work on Friday, my assistant Mary was dressed in a pretty short skirt and tight blouse. I was surprised. She always dressed pretty conservative at work. She was pretty, young, and had a fairly nice shape, but I had always stayed away from anything at all with respect to eyeing her as anything other than another worker. That would never work in an office environment for a boss/employee.

As soon as I had sat down, Mary came into my office. She grinned a little and laid her checkout sheet on my desk. I had to go over it with her and make sure that everything that was company property had been returned. After we went over the sheet, I decided to make a comment.

"That's a different look for you, Mary."

She blushed a little since we had never even discussed this area. "Yes, it is. I'm going straight to a bar with some friends for a bachelorette party tonight, so I dressed for going out."

"You look great. I hope you have a good time."

"Thanks, John. I appreciate it. You've been a great boss."

"Well, enjoy your new job. I hope they appreciate you, too."

"Thanks." She left.

I couldn't help but stare at her delectable ass as she left. I had always resisted, but it was her last day and she was definitely dressed to be eye candy today.

I turned to my computer and went to work. At about 11am, Mary stuck her head in the door and said she was going to lunch with some of the other folks from work.

She had been gone a few minutes when I was greeted by an interesting sight. Into my office walked Joanna. She was dressed in a tight fitting dress, which highlighted her curvy assets. Her auburn hair had been nicely fixed, too. She looked like she was going out for the evening.

I made it obvious that I was looking her up and down as she approached. "Well, don't you look downright edible?"

Jo grinned. "That's the point, isn't it? Ann said I had to come here and I wanted to look good."

"I think you nailed it. You look like you're dressed for an evening out picking up guys. And let me tell you, they would be fighting to get to you."

Jo laughed. "Maybe. Anyway, Ann asked me to come by and make a rent payment." She gave me an evil grin.

"Wow! That sounds wonderful. My wife is too good to me. Lock the door."

Jo turned and locked my office door. I was once again glad that I was in the older part of the building. The newer part had offices with all glass fronts. Mine was drywall and a solid wooden door.

Jo slowly walked over to me. She grinned as she walked like a model, swaying her hips. Her tits were bouncing nicely, too, so I loved the look.

She stopped in front of me and dropped to her knees. She went into her vixen mode. "Do you have something for me for lunch? I'm very hungry and I really need you to fill my belly full of cum. Do you have a full load of cum in those balls of yours?" As she did this, she ran her hands over my crotch. I was hard pretty quickly.

"Good answer." Jo reached for my belt and unbuckled it. She then undid the clasp and took the zipper down. She was being very deliberate to draw it out. Once she had my pants undone, she grabbed them by the waist. "Lift up." I did and she pulled my pants and boxers down to my knees in one motion. My cock slapped up against my stomach and Jo laughed. "I love the way a nice cock does that."

"Just suck it, you cum slut."

Jo tried to look offended, but I could tell she was joking. "Hey! Who says I'm a cum slut?"

I pointed my cock at her. "My cock does."

She laughed. "Well, he's got a very narrow point of view."

"Yes, but it's a good one."

Jo leaned over and licked my cock. I moaned. 

"You'd better not take too long, Jo. My assistant won't be gone all afternoon."

Jo grinned up at me as she licked my cock. She pulled up. "Don't worry, once I start, you won't last long."

"Famous last words."

Jo kept grinning, but then leaned over and licked my balls. She sucked lightly on them and I watched as she kept looking up at me. She then moved up my cock, her tongue dragging along the underside, until she lifted it up and captured the head in her mouth. I slouched a little more. She then ran her tongue all around the head while stroking me with her right hand. 

I could see that she had put her left hand up her dress and was rubbing herself while she started to bob up and down on my cock. She licked and sucked and was fingering herself. She used her right hand to jack me into her mouth and she was very good at making sure her tongue had maximum contact just under the head where it's so sensitive. I loved it.

Then Jo suddenly pulled her left hand out and reaching up, put it to my lips. I could smell her pussy and slowly licked and sucked on her fingers as she was now bobbing up and down and jacking me off into her mouth. The aroma and taste of her pussy, combined with her excellent sucking, put me near the edge and she had only been working on me for about 5 minutes.

I decided to give her some dirty talk. "Right there, slut. Lick and suck my cock and I will give you all the cum you want for lunch." Jo took her left hand back and put it under her dress, frigging herself as she sucked my cock. I started thrusting and she made sure her right hand was buried at the base of my cock to keep from gagging. "I'm gonna fill that pretty little cock-sucking mouth of yours with cum. Take it and swallow it all, you fucking slut!" And I did - fill it, and she did - swallow it.

As I calmed down and Jo slowly released my deflating cock she grinned up at me. She made a show of swallowing one more time and then smacking her lips. "Very nice. But I don't think it's going to completely fill me up. I may have to get something with some carbs in it."

I chuckled. "Well, we'd better put ourselves in order before someone comes and knocks."

We were just finishing getting straightened up when someone tried the door. I immediately went over and opened it and Mary was standing there. "Oh, hey. You got back quickly."

"Everyone had work to do, so we didn't take long." She looked past me as Joanna strode into view. She was a walking wet dream for a man, but probably just looked a little slutty to a woman. Mary's eyes looked her over and then back at me quickly. "Oh, Mary, this is Joanna, my wife's college roommate and Maid of Honor at our wedding."

"Nice to meet you." Mary smirked when she said that and they shook hands.

"Well, I have to go. I don't have any more interviews downtown, so I'll be heading home to the kids." She leaned over and gave me a peck on the cheek. "It was nice meeting you Mary." And with that she walked out. Her curvy backside swaying as she went. Mary and I both watched, but probably not for the same reason.

I went back to my desk and sat down. Mary hesitated, but then came and stood in front of my desk. "That was interesting."

"What?"

"That woman was dressed for what? An interview? Just out for lunch? I don't think so." I was hoping that Mary didn't catch that little lie, but she did. No way would Joanna dress like that for an interview.

I laughed. "That's the same question I asked her."

"So, how was she?"

"I'm sorry, what do you mean?"

Mary crossed her arms and her tits pushed out nicely. I made sure to keep my eyes on hers and not look her over. "Well, let's see. The door was locked, your shirt is not tucked in well, her knees were a little red, she was very flushed, and you seemed a little nervous when you unlocked the door." She watched me carefully. "So I'd say it was just a quick blowjob, right?"
