 The short synopsis of this story to date is included below, but reading the previous chapters may help. 

This is the continuing story of a cuckquean, my wife, Ann. She had been reading cuckold stories on line and decided that she was a cuckquean, a kind of female cuckold. This was based on how enthralled and excited she became by imagining me having sex with other women. I was shocked, but she pursued it. She didn't show any tendencies toward the humiliation or denial part, but loved knowing I was having sex with other women. Apparently, this started with some voyeuristic tendencies about watching someone she was involved with have sex with another woman when she was in college and now she got off on thinking I was having sex with other women. I didn't understand it, but she pursued it and I started doing so. 

In the last chapter, Violet and I went to a strip club and played with a stripper in one of the private rooms. Then, not too much later, my wife invited Violet and the stripper, Jasmine, over to recreate the scene. She filmed it for her use later.

--- 

As time went on, Ann and I were approaching our 10th anniversary. I decided that it would be good to plan a special party for the love of my life. I started planning it well in advance. I was making quiet arrangements several months in advance. 

As the date approached, I enlisted Ann's college roommate Joanna to assist. I didn't hear anything from Ann about this, so I wondered if she was doing any planning for our anniversary. Finally, about three weeks out, she asked about going out to a nice dinner. We discussed it and I agreed. I then told her that she should make an appointment with her favorite spa to get a facial, massage, and her hair done for the occasion. She loved that and made the reservation. 

When the date came, she left for her reservation at 1pm. I had arranged for everything else to happen starting at 2pm. She normally takes about 4 hours when she gets the works done, so we had plenty of time. 

Jo arrived at 2pm, as did our local parish priest and the caterer. They started setting everything up in the backyard. It was not easily visible from the front of the house, so I was hoping to get Ann to go immediately upstairs to get dressed for our supposed night out for dinner. 

The friends and relatives that I had invited started arriving around 4:30. I had made arrangements with the spa for them to call me when Ann left. They didn't call until almost 5 and by then most of the guests had arrived and were hiding in the neighbor's backyard. The cars had been parked all around the block.

Ann arrived home at 5:20 and looked gorgeous. Her skin was glowing and her hair looked perfect. I had gotten dressed in my blue suit, so I was ready. I met her at the door and told her how great she looked and just kind of guided her upstairs while we were talking. I told her the kids were with her parents and that she should just go ahead and get ready.

I waited nervously in the kitchen. There were certain things that were visible in the backyard and all the guests in the neighbor's backyard were having trouble being quiet. 

Ann finally came down and she didn't appear to have noticed anything. I had told her we had reservations at a top quality restaurant so she came down in a very nice dress and made up perfectly. I took her into my arms and smiled.

"I love you so much."

She grinned and gave me a quick kiss. "I think you might get lucky tonight, buster."

"I'm lucky every night and day I get to spend with you."

She put her head on my shoulder and sighed. "I am, too."

I then took her by the arm and turned toward the back door. "First, I have a surprise."

We went out the back door and she suddenly saw the setup with the tables and chairs and the small trellis that was decorated. Her eyes went wide. "What's this?"

I grinned. "Okay, everyone. Let's go."

My wife looked around and then saw all the guests start streaming in through our gate after exiting the neighbor's yard by their gate on the side of the house. She looked at me and I could see the tears in her eyes. She was always touched by something personal or when you went out of your way to do something for her. 

She hugged me. "I love you."

Then she turned and started greeting all our relatives and our friends. Our kids, Amy and Robert, also came strolling in with Ann's parents. Finally, the parish priest came in and congratulated us, too. He had married us and was a good friend of Ann's family. 

The food was distributed to the tables by the caterer and everyone started eating and drinking. I could see that Ann was so happy by all this. She had been made up to look fantastic at the spa and was dressed elegantly. She was enjoying all the attention from the ladies who said she looked so young and fantastic. Well, she did, but like all the women I knew, she loved hearing it.

Ann and I had a great time and the party was fantastic. There were some anniversary presents on one table, even though I had requested that there not be any. We opened those and shared what they were with all the guests.

The party continued until about midnight and then most of the folks, since they were parents, had to depart. The caterer started cleaning up and I told Ann that they would take care of the food and the rest would wait until tomorrow. We had finished saying goodbye to everyone and we headed inside. The kids went home with her parents. 

I took Ann directly up to the bedroom. I stood her in at the end of our bed. "Are you ready?"

Ann grinned. "Are you going to ravish me?"

"Abso-fucking-lutely, but slowly."

I slowly undressed her, kissing her bare skin as each section was revealed. She could only murmur her approval with small hums. First, it was her dress. When that came off she was left in her panties, bra, and thigh high stockings. I was behind her and kissed her on the neck lightly. Nuzzling and lightly kissing her neck always got her in the mood. 

When I took off her bra, her beautiful tits were available for sucking and those are Ann's on-buttons. She moaned and held my head. I then released her nipples and went to my knees. I pushed her back on the bed and lifted each leg to remove her stockings. I rolled them down and tossed them in the chair on the side of the bed. I kissed each leg up past her knee to her inner thighs and she moaned her approval.

I then pulled her panties to the floor and was surprised by a little heart pattern that was left in her pubic hair shave pattern. It was just over her pussy, and when I rubbed around it, it was obvious that it had just been done at the spa that day. The pattern was new and the area all around was very smooth.

I looked up at Ann and she was smiling at me. "You like it?"

I gave her a quick nod. "Yes, I do. It's beautiful. And I love this part of you as much as the rest."

Ann chuckled. "You just love pussy."

I grinned. "Guilty."

I leaned in and gave her smooth pussy a few licks and she trembled.

Ann reached down and grabbed my head. She pulled it away from her pussy. "Stop. I want to get you undressed now."

I stood up and kicked of my shoes. Ann quickly removed my shirt and pants. She looked at my boxers. "I hope what's hiding in there is ready for a long night."

"Only one way to find out."

Ann knelt in front of me and pulled my boxers down quickly, making my cock come springing out and hitting my stomach before settling down horizontally, pointing at her face. She slowly and teasingly licked it from my balls to the crown and then crawled back on the bed. "Come and make love to me."

I knew what that meant. She wanted slow and tender. I crawled on top of her and we kissed and felt each other up. She spread her legs wide. "Please, do it now."

I obliged. I moved to put my cock in her and she grabbed it and guided it home to her hot, wet, core. I slowly pushed and my cock slid into her as it picked up her wetness. She still had a fantastically receptive pussy that remained fairly tight and was always wet when she was turned on.

I looked into her eyes and leaned in and kissed her as she put her legs around me and started humping against me. I slowly fucked her as we kissed. She loved it slow and I took my time. I was slowly moving in and out, making sure that I bottomed out and did a quick circular move with my hips when I was buried against her clit.

Ann pulled back. "Me - on - top." She said the three words between gasps of air. 

We rolled over, barely keeping my cock in her and she got her knees under her. She settled down on my cock and started grinding against me. "I love this part."

I grinned. She could really get off when on top and was grinding her clit against my pubic mound. She continued to grind and I reached up and tweaked her nipples. She groaned. She had her eyes closed, her hands on my chest, and her head thrown back, heading for that glorious release we all love.

"Oh, fuck!" She was humping me hard now. Reaching for her orgasm. I kept thrusting and banging up against her. "Arrrggghhh." Ann groaned loudly as she came and shook and trembled on top of me. I was still hard.

Ann rolled off me and lay down on my right. "Whew! I need some help."

I grinned. My surprise was still waiting in the wings. I got up and went to the door. "Ladies?"

Ann rose up on her elbows and watched. She grinned at me.

Violet and Jo entered. Ann looked at both of them. Violet was naked and her voluptuous body was jiggling in all the right places. Jo was naked except for the strap-on device she was wearing that had a cock on it just like mine.

Ann stared at it as it got closer. She inspected it closely. "Hey! This looks just like John's cock."

Jo grinned and shook her head yes. "It is. John told me about this and we went to a place that will take a mold of a cock and make a dildo from it."

Ann looked back and forth between me and Jo. "And when did you do this? And how did you get John's cock hard?"

Jo's smile got larger. "There is an adult store not far from here that will do it."

Ann waited. "And?"

Jo shrugged. "I might have had to help him get hard." Ann raised an eyebrow. "Okay, okay. I sucked your husband's cock until it was hard and could be molded." She looked over at me and then back to Ann. "And then I fucked the hell out of him."

Ann shook her head. "I always knew you were a slut, Jo."

Jo acted offended. "Am not."

Ann looked over at Violet. "You are both nothing but sex-crazed, cock-sucking sluts."

Jo was going to act offended again, but Violet broke into the conversation. "Yes, we are. And we are going to suck and fuck your husband right here, right now. The benefit is that you get to be the director."

Ann grinned. "Oh, goody." She sat up on the edge of the bed. "Honey," she looked at me, "lay down on the bed." I did so and she looked up at Violet with a grin. "V, you get on John's cock and then Jo is going to fuck you in the ass. But wait just a second."

Ann hopped up and to grab her phone. Fortunately, she had just charged it. She put it on video and started shooting.

She got close to where V and I were going to be joined. "Okay, V, ride that cock baby."

Violet climbed on top of me and lowered herself onto my cock. It fit like a nice glove. I reached up and grabbed her tits and toyed with her nipples. She groaned and started bouncing up and down. She had turned into an amazing sex partner. Ann was down between my legs pointing her phone up at where V was taking my cock.

"Okay, Jo, grab the lube from the nightstand and put it liberally on V's asshole."

Jo went to the nightstand and got out our lube. She got on the bed behind Violet while Ann moved to the side. She settled down on top of me and then V and I went still. Jo started her work and I could feel her rubbing the lube on Violet's asshole. Violet moaned and squirmed a little and I then I felt Jo's finger enter her ass where it rubbed up against my cock through the membrane that separated her ass from her cunt.

Jo finally stopped and moved up behind Violet. She positioned herself with her legs a little astraddle of mine and I could feel her trying to get the fake cock into Violet's ass. Violet tried to relax, but I don't think she had ever been double-penetrated and I certainly had not been involved in one. Finally, I felt the head make it in and Violet moaned. It rubbed up against my cock, stimulating me, too.

"Oh, fuck. That's tight with twin cocks in my holes."

Ann moved closer. "That's right, V, you are being double fucked by my husband's cocks."

Violet groaned. "I know. His cock is nice and fat so I feel stuffed." She slowly moved back and forth, enjoying the cocks.

"Here it goes." Jo started slowly thrusting, pushing Violet back and forth on my cock. The rubbing was quickly going to set me off with the way it felt. 

But I didn't have to worry about that, because suddenly Violet was shuddering and shaking on top of me. 

"Ugggghhhh!" Violet could only groan as her orgasm came fast and hard. She continued to jerk for a few seconds and whenever she did, she would cause the two cocks to stimulate her again and she would jerk again. She was cumming and cumming.

V finally stopped and I felt Jo slowly pull out and then get off the bed. V twitched the entire time. Ann was still filming and got in there to get a close-up of Violet's abused asshole and my cock still in there.

"What a slut, V! Your ass looks well fucked and it was only in you for few minutes." Ann was enjoying this.

Violet was still a little spent. "Oh, shit, I need some help getting off. I think my legs are shot."

Jo giggled. "I thought we got you off pretty well."

Violet groaned. "John, roll over a little. My legs are jelly."

I rolled to my side and took her with me, my cock still embedded in her pussy. When we got to the side, she rolled the rest of the way without me and my cock popped out of her pussy, still hard, red, and looking rather angry. V jiggled everywhere. Her tits looked great and her pussy was red and swollen.

Ann looked at me. "Honey, your cock looks like it will take any ole hole right now." She was pointing the camera at it.

"Absolutely."

My wife looked at Jo. "Jo, you cock-sucking slut, finish off my man. He needs a mouth to cum in."

Jo looked at Ann. "Who you calling a cock-sucking slut?"

Ann laughed. "Don't get me started. I can start with you blowing your boyfriend behind that bush in college while we all watched, and go on from there."

Jo stuck her tongue out at Ann. "Bitch!"

"Slut!"

"Uh, ladies? I'm using that term loosely, of course. I still have a very hard, very angry cock that is looking for a home."

Ann pointed at my cock while she held her phone in her left hand. "Suck, bitch! You suck that cock or I'll put that fake dick on and we'll double team you."

Jo started to bend over to suck my cock. "Wait! I think I like that idea!"

Jo ripped off the strap on and handed it to Ann. Ann was a little taken aback at how suddenly Jo thrust it out. But she recovered and took it. She handed her phone to Violet. "Get this on video."

"C'mon! I have never been double-fucked and doing that to V has my pussy dripping at the thought."

Ann laughed as she donned the device. "I never realized you were such a depraved little slut, Jo."

Jo grinned. "Neither did I. But I want to try this while I have the chance." She straddled me and guided my cock into her steaming wet pussy. "Oh, fuck, that's nice."

"Yeah, slut, you love my husband's cock."

"Fuck, I sure do."

"Well, I'll share it with you as long as you don't hog it."

"Mmmmm. Well, now I have a copy I can use at home." Jo continued to bounce on my cock.

Jo was bouncing up and down, enjoying her ride. I held onto her hips and then reached up to play with her tits. I heard Ann and V talking and then there was a hand pushing Jo over against me. I pulled her down and felt Ann straddling my legs. I then felt it as she started lubing Jo's asshole. She toyed with Jo's ass a little, lubricating it and playing with it while Jo mewled her appreciation.

"Oh, fuck. Please do it. Now!"

Ann smacked Jo on the ass, the slap resounding around the room. "I'll fuck you when I'm ready, cunt."

I grinned. It was only recently that Ann would even think about using the c-word.

Jo groaned and then I felt Ann shuffle forward enough to apply the fake cock against Jo's asshole. "Hold on, slut. You are going to get fucked."

Ann pushed and I could feel the fake cock up against mine through the membrane. My second time tonight double-fucking someone. It was fucking amazing - and amazing fucking.

Jo started moaning and Ann suddenly slapped her on the ass. "Go ahead and moan you fucking whore. You're a slut for being double-fucked by me and my husband, aren't you?"

"God, yes!" Jo was moving quickly toward her orgasm.

"Cum for me my little cock-slut. Cum for me and I'll let my husband fill your pussy with cum. Then I'll make Violet clean you out."

Jo's body suddenly went into spasms and she arched her back. "Oh, fuck! Ugh! Ugh!' She kept grunting until she finished cumming. I was so close that if Ann moved that cock in Jo's ass I was going to cum. 

Ann looked over Jo's shoulder after Jo collapsed on my chest. "Ready, hun?"

"Yes." I was more than ready.

Ann started slowing thrusting again and I let it go. "Fuck, here it cums!" And with that, I started cumming. I grabbed onto Jo and thrust up into her hard several times, my orgasm so strong that it left me panting to catch my breath. When I finally relaxed, I looked up to see Ann grinning down at me.

"That looked like it was a big one."

I took a deep breath. "It certainly was."

Ann smacked Jo on the ass. "I'm pulling out of your slutty ass now." And she did. Jo lifted her head a little and moaned. 

My cock as shrinking and slipping out. Jo rolled off to the side and onto her back before that happened. 

"Wow. That was intense." Jo sounded exhausted. "I've never felt that before."

Ann took her phone from Violet and pointed to Jo's pussy. "Violet, get in there and clean up that mess before my sheets get dirty."

Violet grinned and crawled between Jo's legs. Jo just sighed. "Just do it. But I'm too exhausted to cum again."

And so she did. Violet got down there and cleaned up Jo's pussy. When she was done, everyone was pretty exhausted. Jo and Violet got up and went to clean up in the bathroom. Ann waited behind and sat next to where I was still laying. 

"You are a lucky man."

I smiled and patted her on the knee. "Yes, I am."

She leaned over and kissed me. "I'm lucky, too, because I like watching you fuck other women."

"I'm lucky that you do."

"Yes, and don't you forget it." With that she got up to go into the bathroom to also freshen up. 

After a few minutes, they all came out. They were all still gloriously naked. 

Ann pulled them over. "Okay, you two do rock, paper, scissors. Winner gets to suck John off to wake him up in the morning."

Jo laughed. "And the loser?"

Ann thought about it for a second. "The loser has to rim him and help him cum."

Jo looked thoughtful for a moment. "Neither one is a great hardship."

Ann shook her head. "See, I knew you were a dirty slut."

"Who you have asked to fuck and suck your husband."

"Yeah, so fuck you. Now let's determine who does what."

The ladies did that and after two rounds, Jo was going to rim me and Violet was going to suck me. Damn! The things I do to keep my wife happy.