 The short synopsis of this story to date is included below, but reading the previous chapters may help. 

*****

This is the continuing story of a cuckquean, my wife, Ann. She had been reading cuckold stories on line and decided that she was a cuckquean, a kind of female cuckold. This was based on how enthralled and excited she became by imagining me having sex with other women. I was shocked, but she pursued it. She didn't show any tendencies toward the humiliation or denial part, but loved knowing I was having sex with other women. Apparently, this started with some voyeuristic tendencies about watching someone she was involved with have sex with another woman when she was in college and now she got off on thinking I was having sex with other women. I didn't understand it, but she pursued it and I started doing so. 

In the last chapter, I had invited Carrie over to tease my wife and wrest control of my sexual activities. The amazing thing is that Ann actually ended up sitting on Carrie's face. She was a little shocked at her own actions, I think, but she said she enjoyed it. Then I met and assisted her cousin Virginia (Ginny) when she moved into a house not far from us. I got some indications that Ginny was a little submissive, so I pushed and she gave in. At the end, when I left, I realized that she had been trying to set that up all day. Now I was hoping to take advantage of that. Ann wanted me to take a lover and this was my chance.

--- 

When I got home from Ginny's, Ann was ready for a great story. I told her the basics. I told her how Ginny slowly teased me by changing to shorts and removing her bra under her t-shirt. I told her how I found the movies and then worked her over. While I did so, I had Ann lay there on the bed nude and I slowly ran my fingers over her tits and pussy, teasing her for a long time. I waited until she was breathing hard and starting to squirm. Then I rubbed and played with her pussy and clit until she had a major orgasm. She asked me to fuck her and I grinned at that.

"No. I want you to invite Ginny over for dinner on Friday and I'm saving my spunk for her. I'm going to make her blow me in my office on Wednesday and then, when she's over here on Friday, I'm going to sneak her off and make her suck me off while you are in the other room."

Ann groaned at that. "Oh, that's so hot. I want to know when you are doing it."

I kissed her. "You will, gorgeous, you will."

The next day I called and told Ginny to come by my office at 12:30 on Wednesday. However, by Tuesday, it had become apparent that I would have to visit a customer on Wednesday, so I had to cancel. It would have to wait until Friday.

We got some other news on Wednesday. Jo had arranged for a small house in a good school neighborhood and was going to move out the next weekend. She was finally vacating our house. This was good in some ways but I was going to miss having her around. Extra sex was always appreciated.

Ann and I sat and went over moving Jo into her new place and collecting her items that were in storage. I think we had a good plan for getting her moved in as quickly as possible. 

Finally, after Ann had fun teasing me all week, Friday arrived and I got home from work a little early. This was mostly in anticipation of the arrival of Ginny and getting a sneak blowjob. I had been waiting all week for some sex and now I was champing at the bit with balls that felt bloated, ready to provide her a major load.

I arrived home expecting to find Ann with her cousin. I was very looking forward to having fun with her cousin. However, that was not to be.

I came through the front door to find Ann lounging on the couch in her robe while there appeared to be activity in the kitchen and the smell was wonderful.

"Who's in the kitchen?" I was definitely wondering since I didn't want the kids to be in there by themselves for too long.

Ann grinned. "I'm sorry to say that my cousin couldn't make it. I don't think she's up for it. She sounded scared." She glanced toward the kitchen. "But I did manage to find someone who was interested in coming over tonight." She tilted her head toward the kitchen. "Oh, and the kids are over at your parents' house.

"Ooookay." I looked toward the kitchen when a particularly appealing vision appeared. 

"Hi, John." Sandra came walking into the room where I still stood, laptop bag in hand.

"Hey, Sandra." I grinned. "Looking good." And she was. I wasn't entirely sure, but from what I could see, that full apron she was wearing appeared to be her only clothing.

Sandra. She was the one that I fucked first in the hotel room after accompanying a departing assistant to a party where she and her friends got drunk. I had seen her and another friend getting it on and fucked them both. Then, she called my wife Ann and arranged for me to fuck her on her wedding day. She first had me fuck her just before she walked down the aisle so that she could walk to the altar with a pussy full of another man's cum. Then she invited us back to the hotel where she and her husband were staying to be the first to fuck her on her wedding night while her husband watched. Her husband was no stranger to fucking around. He had played with her and another friend, Cassie, before, so he watched and enjoyed it. We even had a video of it.

Sandra walked over to me to give me a hug. "Hey, gorgeous." I grabbed her into a nice hug with my hands on what turned out to be a very naked ass. She was definitely not wearing anything else. She was a short and nicely formed woman.

"Dinner's almost ready. You two go into the dining room and get ready." She turned and walked back into the kitchen as I stared at that beautiful, full, naked ass.

I looked over at Ann. "Ready?" I looked down at my business casual attire. What was appropriate?

Ann grinned and stood up. She started taking off her clothes. "Yes, ready."

I got the idea and stripped quickly.

Ann chuckled. "Somebody's in a hurry."

"I'm definitely ready for anything on the menu with you two in the house." By this point I had walked over to Ann and grabbed her into a hug. My dick was a little chubby already and Ann rubbed it to get it to the point of being hard.

Ann turned around and bent over. "Quick, stick it in and get me off. I've been edging all day and need it badly."

I pushed Ann further over the arm of a chair and rubbed my cock up and down to get it wet and made sure that it was hard enough to penetrate her. Once it was I buried it in her pussy, which was very wet and ready, and started teasing her asshole. 

"Fuck, yes. I've been so close several times today."

Ann reached under herself and rubbed her clit and after about another 10 strokes of my cock she came all over it. After she was done shuddering and jerking under me, she pushed me back and stood up.

"Whew! I really needed that. Now let's get seated."

We walked into the dining room and the table was set for two, one at each end. "Only two?"

Ann just shrugged.

We sat down and Sandra came in carrying two plates with sizzling steaks on them. 

"Just finished broiling these. I'll bring the rest in just a second."

She turned to go and I watched her beautiful backside go.

Sandra returned a couple of seconds later with a bowl of mashed potatoes and a large dish of green beans. I looked over at Ann.

"She knows what I like."

Ann grinned. "You bet she does."

Sandra started serving me the sides and I watched as she bent over, her tits trying to pop out the sides of the apron. Then she moved to Ann and I watched her ass jiggle and had a great side view of her tits. 

When Sandra finished serving she looked at the two of us. "Now drinks."

She scurried back into the kitchen and for some reason I couldn't take my eyes off her ass.

She came back immediately with a beer for me and a glass of wine for Ann.

"There. Anything else?"

I looked at Ann and she shook her head as she dove in. I looked at Sandra. "You aren't joining us?"

"In just a minute. I want you guys to get started on your dinner."

"Okay." I watched her go again and I saw Ann turn and watch, too. She turned back to me and grinned.

"Soon."

I dug in and we both ate the scrumptious meal. I could hear Sandra moving around and cleaning up in the kitchen. We were almost done when she came back in. 

"Whew! I need to get out of that hot kitchen." She reached behind her and untied the apron. She looked up at me and grinned as she pulled the neck portion over her head and let it drop to the floor. She was a sexy, slutty vision and my cock was instantly hard again. Sandra looked over at Ann.

Ann smiled back at Sandra. "I think you need some nourishment, my dear, and I think my husband has just what you need."

Sandra nodded and, standing next to the table, went to all fours. I leaned to the side and could just make out a little of her right side until her head popped up between my legs.

"Mmmm. A hard cock with some yummy cum just for me. I love sucking your cock, John."

I groaned as she stroked it. "As you can tell, I hate it." She grinned at my sarcastic remark and kept sucking.

Sandra was an excellent cock-sucker, so I knew after abstaining all week that I was going to blow a nice wad. I was working toward that pretty quickly, when she pulled back. 

"Ann, get into position." Ann scampered over to sit on the table right in front of me. Sandra looked up at me. "Ann told me what happened a couple of weeks ago, so we are going to do that again. She really got into it. So when you are ready to cum, fill that cuckquean of yours with cum so that she can sit on my face. Got it?"

"Absolutely." How could I not get that? I loved that scene where Ann sat on Cassie's face and made her clean my spunk out of her cunt.

Meanwhile, Sandra was back to sucking my cock. She pulled off again and ran her tongue down over my balls. It let me last a little longer, even though it was stimulating in itself. 

Finally, with Sandra bobbing up and down on my cock with her slutty little mouth and my wife laying on the table leaning on one arm while frigging her clit with the other hand, I felt I was ready to blow.

"Here it comes!" I announced as I stood up.

Sandra immediately turned and lay down on her back. She had the perfect view from underneath of me sliding my cock into Ann. 

I didn't hesitate or wait when I got there. I pulled Ann to the edge of the table, lined up my cock, and buried it in one thrust. Ann was so wet and my cock was so covered with Sandra's saliva that there was absolutely no resistance. I went all the way in. I pulled back and looked down past my cock at Sandra's face. She was completely enraptured by the scene she was watching. I plunged my cock into Ann about 5 times and then I blew.

"Fuck!" Thrust and spurt. "Oh, god." Again. And then I was reduced to just "Ugh" each time I buried my cock and spurted into Ann. 

I stayed buried in there for a few seconds and then looked up at Ann. She grinned. "I could tell you really needed to cum just now."

"You know it."

"Now pull out slowly and let's give our little bi-sexual cum slut some dessert."

I grinned at Ann and slowly pulled my cock out. I could see that Sandra was staring up at my cock slowly withdrawing and covered in the mixture of our juices. I sat back down in the chair and pushed it a little further away from the table to give Ann some room. Sandra just stayed there, flat on her back, on the floor. She watched closely as Ann slid off the table, straddled her face, and then dropped down onto her face with force.

Ann grunted as she let her pussy drop onto Sandra's face and Sandra let out a little exhalation as she felt Ann's weight on her face.

Ann leaned forward and stared from a few inches away at my cock while Sandra went to work on her pussy. She then looked up at me and grinned. She sat up straighter and grabbed Sandra by the hair.

"Get all that cum out of me you cum-loving slut. My husband has been holding back all week and must have put a big load in there. I know you love pussy, too, so get it while you can. I want a clean cunt when you are done. And don't forget my clit. I need to cum on your slutty little face, bitch."

And with that Ann started rocking her hips a little and after a minute or so Sandra started lapping hungrily at her clit. I guess she had gotten most of the cum out of Ann and was working on getting her off now.

"That's it, my little cunt-cleaner. Get me clean and get me off. I need to cum bad, too." Ann kept rocking through her little tirades, getting closer and closer.

I watched as Ann's chest bounced and shook, loving the look of concentration on her face as she got closer to her orgasm. Her chest started flushing and I knew she was close. She started letting out little grunts and Sandra was working on her good. 

When I saw that she was close I waited for my moment. Ann closed her eyes and started jerking her hips the way she does just before she comes, so I reached down with both hands and grabbed her nipples. Not hard, she's not into pain, but just enough to shock her a little and stimulate them. 

Ann's eyes popped open, she muttered "Oh, shit" a couple of times, and she shuddered through her climax. She stared directly into my eyes as she did so.

When Ann finally finished, she rolled off to the side and Sandra's face was a nice glazed mess. 

Sandra looked up at me and smiled. "Delicious."

I chuckled and looked over at Ann. She sat up and looked at the two of us. "That was very nice, slut, now lick my husband's cock clean. I don't want that dirty thing dripping all over the chair and the floor."

Sandra sat up, turned around, and got on all fours. She crawled over to me and put her hands on my thighs. She pushed them apart and leaned over to lick, starting with my balls. 

"Good slut." Ann was moving closer. "Get it nice and clean and I'll let him come over and pump you full of cum more often."

Sandra smiled up at me and licked all around my cock. She pulled back for a second and turned to Ann. "You two are so fucking delicious together." Then she leaned over and slurped most of my cock into her mouth. She sucked and cleaned for about 15 seconds. My cock was soft and much shorter soft, so she got the entire thing into her mouth and rolled it around her tongue. It was heavenly.

Sandra finally sat back on her haunches and took a deep breath. "That was fun. Now I need to get off. Any takers?"

She knew that Ann didn't do that so she just grinned at me and Ann shook her head and rolled her eyes.

Suddenly, Ann stood up. "Stop!" Sandra was already climbing onto the kitchen table, but stopped part of the way up there as Ann yelled stop. Ann scampered upstairs.

"What's going on?" Sandra put both feet back on the floor.

"Hell if I know."

Ann came rushing back down the stairs and into the living room. "Come in here, you little slut."

Sandra started that way and said to me, "I guess she likes that word."

I shrugged.

We went into the living room and there on the glass coffee table was the suction cup dildo that Ann had. It was affixed to the coffee table and standing up straight, all 8 inches of it. Ann waved her hand dramatically. "Climb aboard," and then singing her best Shirley Temple said, "It's the good ship, Lollycock".

Sandra groaned. "Bad one, Ann."

Ann grinned. "If you want to get off, get on this thing."

Sandra climbed over the top of it, facing us. Ann and I sat on the couch and stared as Sandra lined the big, fake cock up with her pussy. She rubbed it around and decided that it was not slick enough so she rose back up a little. She reached down and shoved a couple of fingers in her pussy and then smeared what she got on them on the cock. She did that a couple of times and then moved back over the large phallus. She lined it up and slowly slid down onto it. She kept her lips pulled apart and we could see it part and fill up her pussy. She groaned and closed her eyes as she reached the bottom.

Sandra finally got it all the way in and was sitting there, breathing pretty hard when Ann nudged me. "Crawl under the coffee table and check out the view."

Good idea! I lay on my back and scooted under the coffee table, putting my head directly under the suction cup dildo. I stared straight up as Sandra's pussy engulfed the fake cock. I watched very closely as she rose up and I could see her inner lips stretched by the dildo and clinging tightly to it as she rose up. It was as if these lips didn't want to let it go. They were gripping it tightly.

Sandra was slowly moving up and down and seemed to be relishing it and trying to draw out the time she enjoyed herself. She would close her eyes as she lowered herself down the fake fat cock and each time she reached bottom she let out a big breath.

Ann didn't want her to take too long so she moved behind Sandra. "Lean forward a little." Sandra did so and it was then that I saw Ann pull out from behind her back her small vibrating butt plug. She leaned toward Sandra's back. "Now this is just a small plug, so I want you to relax as I stick it up your ass."

Sandra groaned and steadied herself. I don't know if she knew that it vibrated or not, but she definitely knew that something was going up her ass and seemed okay with it.

Ann actually sat on the end of the table behind Sandra and put her left hand on Sandra's shoulder. "Now relax." And with that, Ann slowly started working the butt plug into Sandra's ass. Sandra just moaned and arched her back.

"Now sit back up as you fuck that dildo and see how it feels to have a plug in there at the same time."

Sandra did so and groaned. She was now sitting almost flat on the table with the two items up her pussy and ass.

Ann grinned at me as I watched from below. It was quite a view.

"Now just rotate your hips a little and keep both of those items in. You'll really enjoy that."

Sandra did so and started moving quicker as she made each rotation. She seemed about to cum, but I couldn't be sure. She was moaning and pinching her own nipples. Then she moved to just her right tit with her left hand and started rubbing her clit with her right. Ann grinned at me and held up the remote.

"You ready to cum, slut?"

"Yes!" Sandra was really breathing hard and stroking herself now.

"Good." And with that Ann turned the vibrating butt plug on - the highest setting. 

I immediately heard the vibration as the jeweled portion of the plug was resting on the table at that moment. Sandra immediately felt it and started muttering "Fuck" every few seconds as her body jerked and spasmed all over the two phalluses.

Ann grinned and left the plug on as Sandra went through her gyrations. When she had had enough, Sandra went to stand up and get off the items penetrating her, but she was so wobbly and drained that she could barely rise up off the table. I crawled out from under the table and helped her as she struggled up off the two items. As soon as I let go she collapsed onto the floor. She rolled onto her back, gasping for air.

"Fuck me that was more powerful than I expected." She was panting heavily.

The way she had fallen, I was staring up between her legs at her pussy and it was wet, glistening, and the lips were blood engorged and swollen. She looked fabulous.

Ann and I just watched her as she recovered. When her breathing finally slowed, she sat up. "Well, I think I'm done for tonight." She struggled to her feet. "Whew, I need a shower and a nap."

Ann pointed her toward our bathroom. "Feel free to use it."

With that Sandra disappeared. I watched her go and then turned toward Ann. "Well, you certainly pushed her hard on that one."

"Of course. Now, when she gets back you two need to work out some sort of schedule."

"Yeah, I guess I need to fuck her and make sure she doesn't get horny."
