 After our sundeck episode, I carry her to the groomed grass yard warming in the sunshine and retire. I keep this patch of grass immaculate, paying the landscapers well for it. It's all worth it right now as she and I lay down naked in the sun directly onto the warm soft grass. It tickles slightly as we lay down on our bellies. I reach below and push my semi hard cock and balls down out of the way to make for a more comfortable nap. My warm soft balls settle into the velvety grass as I drift off...

Her: 

As I lay down next to him on the warm grass I feel the velvety blades tickle my nipples like temptuous feathers. I take a moment to shake my breasts up and down a little, making the deliciously warm grass tickle and tingle through my spine, directly radiating out from my nipples. As I lay my chest down onto the grass I can feel my pussy lips getting tickled by the grass tendrils reaching up for it. I am so ready for a power nap so I drift past these sensations and my body melts completely into the soft grassy bed. 

I awake only an hour later. My body feels delicious and warm, being caressed by the sumptuous grass on one side and engulfed by the warm sun rays from the other. I rotate my hips slightly and feel the soft grass once again tickling my smooth pussy lips. My pussy lips are awake now. I continue rotating my hips slightly, moving the velvety soft tendrils across my now pulsating clit. I push my chest up off the ground slightly with my forearms. This brings my nipples up off the ground as I gently shake them across the now compacted grass beneath me. It's like having a hot tongue sliding across both nipples at the same time, synchronously. My body is going nuts with all the tingling radiating out from my pussy and nipples. The only thing better enters my mind in a flash. 

Him: 

I awake slightly as I start feeling a wonderful caress across the backside of my balls. They are spread out beneath me, legs parted, cradled in the soft grass. They lay loose in the warmth of the sun. I can feel her hand caressing them, tickling her fingertips across the exposed part of my balls. I feel her gently pinch the loose skin and pull it upward. Each ball gets pulled closer together, only to gently spread back down and apart as her fingers slip off the end of the skin she has pulled. I feel my cock filling with lust as she continues this motion. Her fingers gently start gliding down my now stiffening cock. I feel her fingers circle around my hardening tip. She brings her fingers just below the crown and circles them around and back down the length of my cock. I feel her pouring oil out across my ass and all over my back and legs. Copious amounts of oil. It stops for a moment, but I feel a few stray drops splash on me as I guess she has just emptied the bottle all over her lusciously warm sun baked body. That gets confirmed when I feel her lower her breasts down across my ass and push her body upwards. 

She literally glides up my backside. I feel her breasts pushing out across my ass and up my back. Her smooth oily pussy presses into my ass as her body glides up over me. I can feel her hardening nipples trace a path up each side of my back. She pushes back down slightly and I feel her pussy slide to the top of one ass cheek. I flex that cheek and hear her moan in pleasure as her pussy glides in circles over my flexed gluteus maximus. She slides over to the other ass cheek and I flex that one. She moans again as I feel her sliding her wet, oily pussy lips around and over my ass. I am in heaven. Her gorgeous, oiled, sun baked warm body slides all over my backside. I feel her reach down between us and grab my straining cock, rubbing it in motion with her body. I hear her breath into my ear, "Keep your eyes closed and roll over".

Her: 

I am so worked up by rubbing my pussy over his flexed ass cheeks that I need to have more. I have spread my dripping pussy juice all over his backside. I motion him in the direction I want him to roll over, only lifting enough for him to be able to move. As he rolls over I drag my pussy lips across his ass, around his hips, and come to rest feeling his straining cock wrap around the underside of my ass, pressing against my ass cheeks. 

I moan feeling his hot cock nestled up along my ass cheeks. I lift my body up enough to feel his cock spring forward and let out a loud 'slap' as it springs onto his belly. I love how large he his. His cock reaches above his belly button and glistens in oil. I let my pussy back down onto his cock, spreading my pussy lips out around the girth of his velvety hot cock. Looking down I see his cock head protruding from my swollen pussy lips. I slide just a little further up and watch my pussy suck up the precum dripping from his pulsing cock. I gyrate my hips slightly and feel how hard he is as my pussy slurps along his length from side to side. 

Sliding down his muscular torso I run my breasts down over his cock and reach up to circle each hand around his nipples. My mouth sucks the head of his cock in and I start sliding my tongue all over his head, tasting the mixture of my juices and his pre-cum which is deliciously sweet. My breasts are pressed together between his legs, pressing against his hot, soft, oily balls. I rotate my chest from left to right, feeling them rub against his balls. 

His cock pulsates bigger and I feel his legs spreading, giving my breasts better access. His cock is now throbbing at full pressure. I need to taste him more. I pull down slightly further, bringing his cock vertical in my mouth. I can feel the pressure of his hard cock wanting to spring down against his rippling belly. I keep it deep in my mouth, my lips sealed around the crown of his cock head. I rotate my body 180 degrees so my pussy now floats over his mouth, my mouth never leaving his cock. I then slowly lower my pussy lips onto his salivating mouth. He lets out a load moan as my hot, juicy pussy lips brush into his nose and mouth. 

Him: 

With my eyes still closed, I feel her rotate her body around my cock and anticipate what comes next. Sure enough I soon feel her hot, juicy, smoothly shaven pussy lips brush down onto my mouth. I love the taste of her pussy. Her juices taste like sweet honey and her pussy is incredibly soft. She starts to really focus now on my cock as she circles her pussy around my face. Her hands have come up to hold my balls as she sucks on my cock. Her hands rotate back and forth around my balls. They pull them outward and rotate around their base. This keeps the remaining skin on my cock tight as she circles her tongue up and down around my cock head. I focus on her pussy to distract myself from exploding. I reach up and grab her sumptuous ass cheeks. I pull her hips so my tongue can now circle her clit as I rub my nose around her pussy hole. I feel her hips shudder as my tongue flicks across her clit. 

Her pussy is dripping sweet nectar all over my face. I press my lips through her succulent folds, feeling them caressing my lips with her juicy soft skin. I lick up the sweet tasting juice running out of her pussy. 

Her: 

OMG! What he is doing to my pussy is making my eyes roll! His cock is so big and hard, throbbing against my tongue and pulsating in my hands. I have GOT to get him inside me. I lift my pussy off his face, as hard as that is to do, and slide it down his chest, leaving a juicy smear all the way down his belly. My feet position themselves on the luxurious grass around his hips. As I lift his cock up, I slide my dripping pussy up along his straining shaft. As I near the head I guide it right towards my overflowing hole and slip down the entire length of his cock. 

Sluuuurrrrrp! I feel his hot cock's girth, heat, and straining urgency as I slide down the full length. Every inch of it pushes deep inside and fills me up, right to the farthest reaches of my pussy. My hands slide up my oily legs and press my pussy lips together and over my clit. I am squatting down on the entire length of his cock when it hits me. 

I feel weightless on my feet. My body feels like it is floating around his cock, and only his cock. My hips bounce and convulse quickly and the flood hits. My hips go into automatic and just suck onto his cock in waves of juicy clenching. I feel his hips responding in rhythm. Feeling our hips rotate together with his throbbing cock so deep inside, spiraling around from the motion of our hips sends me into orbit. Literally. Figuratively. Deliciously. 

My hips go into a rhythm of their own. Spiraling, fucking, humping his cock with abandon. My pussy lathers his cock with my sweat honey. Moans are flooding out from deep within my throat. The vibration of my moaning electrifies my nipples from within. My singing nipples just amplify the electricity flooding my pussy. My clit shouts loud, hard, and vigorously as I press deep over his cock.

My orgasm gushes across his cock and on the final full body clench of his cock through my pussy I feel him erupt.

Him: 

OMG! I feel her entire body trying to suck my cock up into her pussy. It feels like she wants to inhale my entire body through her juicy throbbing slit. My cock is straining to its max inside her pussy, feeling every juicy crevice as we stir our hips together. I feel her clench with every wave of her orgasm sucking my cock, milking it in such a frenzy. Her pussy presses and sucks on my cock in what I feel is her last full body clench onto my straining cock. 

I explode. She has lit every fuse, all the lights, every nerve ending. My whole body is orgasming. I press hard up into her, clenching my ass cheeks, lifting my buttocks with my hands underneath, and push hard into her pussy. I feel my eruption build from deep in my balls. It gushes along my cock and explodes into her pussy. I can feel it filling and splashing through her hot pussy. My cum sprays out the end of her pussy and floods out around my cock. 

Her juices and my cum mix, spreading out around our hips. I feel her hands run all over our hips and then up over her body, spreading out our mixed juices all over her. My cock continues to throb and gush cum into her clenched pussy. She is screaming at this point in uncontrollable orgasmic bliss. 

Her: 

My full body orgasm finally releases enough for me to realize I can't use my feet anymore. I collapse forward across his muscular legs and let my breasts hang down onto the velvety grass once more. I feel his hips lower. His cock is still throbbing inside me. I revel in feeling his cock slowly pulse into a relaxed state. For a moment we lay collapsed against each other. Our breathing calms together as we let both our explosive orgasms slowly fade and melt into the grass with us.