 Nathan, now there's a name one can commit to memory. He was handsome in that bad boy kind of way, that way that made you want to tear your clothes off every time he looked your way. He was the kind of guy you could never really see yourself with long-term, but he was sweet, smart and very sensual. He worked at night so I only really ever saw him during the day, but every time I saw him oh what nights they became. 

Nathan was kind of like a far away lusting object for me, I never introduced myself to him, never talked to him, never even made him aware that I looked at him whenever I had the chance. We had some mutual friends and they had offered several times to introduce us, but every time I declined. It's not that I am a shy girl, I just had not had much faith in men since my last relationship. So for months on end I would go to where Nathan worked, stare at him through the next aisle over then go home with my mind filled with saucy mental pictures. My best friend Hedi was always joking about me 'wearing out the batteries' before I even met Nathan face-to-face. 

I was on my way with a couple of friends to a Halloween party that was being held in a warehouse downtown, when I spotted Nathan going into the same building with another girl on his arm. My breath caught in my throat and I felt glued to the ground, but why was I acting like this...Nathan wasn't my guy, he wasn't even an ex. Hedi saw my hesitation and simply told me that this was enough. 

"Hannah, what's your deal anyway? You've never met the guy, he's never met you, and you both are wearing costumes for crying out loud! If you want him so badly you should get off your ass and get him." Having said her peace she left me to stand there.

Catching up with her, I stared at her and simply said, "fine."

Inwardly gloating, I knew I looked good. My long dark hair was tied behind my head and was hidden underneath a long velvet hooded robe. I had small bone-like chest plates covering my ample breasts and one covering my naked pussy, other than that I was completely nude...told you I wasn't shy. I run and I am a vegetarian so my body is slender and not overly skinny, the other thing that made me smile was the fact that I knew that even if I talked to Nathan tonight, he wouldn't know me anyway because my face was painted like an aboriginal skull. I could do this.

Walking into the building I let my coat slide from my shoulders as I gave it to the woman at the door, she cocked her eyebrow at me and was grinning. I smiled a fake sinister smile back at her through my face paint. 

Hedi's boyfriend Josh came up to us, kissing Hedi softly and looking appreciatively at me, he told Hedi, "Yeah, that'll do it." 

At this she laughed softly and nodded. I knew suddenly that they had planned this, but I didn't care. 

I scanned the room, looking for my prize and all I saw was some other looks of admiration from random guys and looks of irritation from their dates. Laughing softly to myself, I made my way across the room to the bar, my robe flying softly behind me as I walked with hips rolling seductively. The guy behind the bar was a friend so I automatically fell into comfortable conversation with him, then I heard his voice. Trying to act calmly I turned outward looking, towards the dance floor, leaning casually against the bar, I heard him again, to my left. He was ordering drinks for his date and himself.

Forcing myself to act casually, though finding that very hard because even through rings I could feel my nipples harden more at the sound of him. I cast a sidelong glance at him, noticing that even through his loose costume I could still make out his body. Small twinges of heat traced my body and I could feel my clit begin to swell at the thought of him so close to me. It didn't even occur to me to laugh slightly at the fact that he was dressed as someone from "Star Wars". Focusing my attentions back to the crowds of people dancing I didn't even hear someone come up beside me.

I felt a hand on one of my bone plates before I even saw who it was. Turning my head slightly I came face to face with my Adonis. Playing it cool, I simply cocked an eyebrow at him and looked at his hand. He moved it quickly, afraid he had offended me I guess. 

"Nice costume." was all he said to me.

"You're not so bad yourself." At this he blushed slightly and that only made him sexier to me.

I heard his name being called and I looked over his shoulder. The girl he'd walked in with was calling his name with her hands on her hips.

"I think you're wanted." was all I said as I turned away from him and towards the bar, catching his dates angry expression in the mirror that was the wall. I simply stared at her, my face must have appeared unpleasant enough, and she looked away from me quickly. My clit throbbed more urgently as I saw him walk away. All the waiting and adoring from afar had made my body recall the dreams I had been having lately, it yearned for his touch. 

I bit on my lower lip slightly, noticing in the process that my make-up didn't smear, this gave me an idea. I called the bartender over and reached my hand behind his neck, bringing his head closer to mine. I captured his mouth with a kiss that had tongues sliding pleasantly over one another. Taking my mouth away from his I saw that my face make-up left no marks on him and mine hadn't moved an inch. I simply winked at the man behind the bar and said 'thanks'. Turning my eyes towards the dance floor, I spied Nathan over near the restrooms, talking to one of our mutual friends. I assumed his date was in the bathroom.

I began to walk determined over to him, hips sliding smoothly against the velvet of my robe and the bareness of my ass getting cupped softly by the fabric. He saw me coming, he simply stared at me and as his tongue absently came out to lick his lips, I grinned. Without waiting for a reply I grabbed to the front of his costume and pulled him behind me into the men's bathroom. Locking the door behind him, I imprisoned his mouth with force. His kiss was sweet and deep, I knew he wanted it as much as I did. I had him pressed against the restroom door as I let my velvet robe fall in a pool at my feet. The moment it hit the tile, I turned away from him to walk over to the sinks, giving him full view of my nakedness. Hopping up slightly so I sat on the counters, I leaned back against the mirrors, displaying my body in a not so subtle fashion. 

All it took was for my finger to beckon him to me. He came to me slowly, placing his hands on my naked thighs when he reached me. I traced my fingertips along the edge of the leather tie that held the bone-plates in place, untying the one at my breasts first, I heard it fall with a slight noise of hard plastic against ceramic tile. His eyes seemed to devour my flesh as his tongue traced along his own lips. The pierced flesh of my nipples hardened more as I could feel his eyes on them. Reaching behind me I untied the leather piece that held the plate in front of my naked core, as it slid delicately into a sink, his eyes followed it. His hands were still rested on my thighs as I reached for the belt at his costume. 

Undoing it his own Jedi-like robes gapped open, he had been less bold and was wearing boxer shorts underneath. Taking my fingers slightly inside the edge of them I pulled him towards me as I scooted closer to the edge of the counter, spreading my legs as I went forward. He took my mouth with his in an all-consuming kiss. I pulled his shorts down somewhat, not letting them fall completely but allowing his now throbbing member to spring into full view. Cocking an eyebrow at him I kissed him again, sucking on his tongue. He was slightly moaning in my mouth as I stroked him sweetly. I could feel my cunt drip for him as his hands still lay at my thighs. 

When I felt his fingers finally move to zero in on the bulls eye of my hunger, I nearly screamed in ecstasy. Wanting this for a long time made it only more rewarding. 

Taking my mouth away from his I leaned to whisper into his ear, "you better hurry, or someone might come looking for you."

At this he felt how ready and wet I was for him, and he rammed his length into me. I cried out in pleasure and almost came at the sound of him grunting. His thrusts were deep and sure. I rode on this wave of rapture steadily. Taking his tongue in mine, silencing us both, I leaned more into him forcing him to thrust into me harder. My fingernails raked his shoulders as I let my head fall back as I nearly screamed as the first orgasm hit me. I heard a knock on the bathroom door, but we both ignored it. My hands traced along the length of his body as it continued to pump into me, they finally stopped when I felt the extent of his ass. I could feel his body begin to tremble and I could tell he was almost close to release. As he continued to thrust up into me I could feel his length grow and harden more inside me, taking my hands I grabbed onto his ass cheeks and used force to ram him into me deeper and harder. This caused me to orgasm again, crying out with lust. He finally released into me, pumping all his fluid into my hungry cunt. Holding him still inside of me as I could feel his member twitch in its discharge, his lips were at my neck, sucking. 

Pulling his mouth away from my neck, I kissed him softly. Dislodging him from me, I slid off of the counter and put the pieces of my costume back into place. As I settled back into the robe I turned to him. 

Kissing him deeply I said, "Well done Jedi Master."

At this he grinned slightly and shrugged his shoulders, "Just lucky I guess."

I laughed softly as I unlocked the door, turning my head to remind him to fix his costume. I swung the door open wide as I felt hundreds of eyes on me. Cocking an eyebrow and staring confidently back at almost every one I just walked towards Hedi, hips swaying boldly.

Touching her shoulder lightly I said to her, "If he thinks he's lucky now, just wait until tomorrow." She laughed at this.

Feeling supremely high I purely walked out the door into the night, walking like a goddess on a mission. He never followed, but I didn't expect him to either. Smiling at the pleasure that still radiated through my body, I thought to myself...we'll just see how lucky this master was with all costumes off.