 The restaurant was surprisingly busy for this early in the day. She pushed her way through the people waiting for a table and glanced around. It took a minute before she spotted them in the corner booth. She smiled to herself and started toward them, her sharp heeled black boots sticking to the floor with every other step. 

James and Matt were engaged in deep conversation, and neither noticed she was standing there until she cleared her throat and playfully punched James in the shoulder. 

"You can't make room for a lady?" She teased. 

"I will, as soon as I see one!" James shot back with a wink. But he slid out of the booth quickly and gestured for Brooke to slide in. She slipped her coat off, then her scarf, and she caught the guys steal a quick glance toward her chest. Secretly pleased, she turned her body toward them. She was dressed simply- black skirt that brushed her knees and a black sweater, but it was tight and low cut and made her boobs look amazing. It was her secret weapon outfit, and she felt especially sexy when she paired it with those knee high boots. She curled her hair through her fingers and leaned over the table, pushing her breasts together. 

"So what are we talking about?" Brooke sipped the water in front of her and caught some ice in her lips. 

James raised an eyebrow at her. "Pizza." 

"Pizza? OK. Any kind but mushrooms. Unless they make me hallucinate I'm not eating them." Brooke fingered the menu gently for a moment and could have sworn she saw James blush. He was cute when he blushed, and she loved to see that flush of color come across those cheeks. Hell, he was cute even when he wasn't blushing. And he was even cuter when he started talking. So damn smart. It was so sexy when he opened his mouth that Brooke could feel a tingle stir in her belly just thinking about it. She wondered what else his mouth was good at. 

Matt cleared his throat as the waitress approached. His voice was gruff, as usual. 

"Two beers and a margarita. Sugar, no salt, right?" Brooke nodded. "And a pizza- a big one, with anything but mushrooms." His laughed boomed through the booth as he waved the waitress away. "Now, where were we? That damn project- what the fuck is that guys problem? Why are we stalled?" 

Brooke let his voice fade out as she glanced over at James, who smiled back and rolled his eyes. Their lunches always went the same way. They met at the bar down the block, chatted about work, tackled the hard topics like the newest terrible movies, drank and laughed. It was their monthly ritual. A reward for all the good work they were doing despite doing it for a terrible company. 

She was knocked back to reality when she felt his knee gently land against hers. A chill ran up her back and her heart beat fast for a minute. They'd never actually touched until that moment, even though she'd fantasized about it almost every day. Ok. Every day. Deep, dark fantasies about ravaging him in a conference room or in his car in the parking lot. 

She let her knee rest back on his while they all talked and couldn't help but let her hand brush against his thigh when she positioned her napkin on her lap. She let her fingers linger on him for a brief second. She definitely noticed him blush that time. 

"I'm going to hit the restroom before food gets here." He looked directly at her and as she gazed back she felt his hand slide on her the top of her leg. He gave it a quick stroke and was out of the booth. She watched him go but he didn't turn around. In her head, she counted to 15. 

"You know, I think I'll go too." Brooke stammered to Matt. She slid out of the booth quickly and caught the tablecloth on her skirt, making the silverware rattle. 

She found him in the back of the restaurant, waiting for her. Silently, he opened the door to the men's room and glanced in. He didn't need words. She walked in and looked around to make sure it was empty. He came up behind her and stood close. She could feel his breath on her shoulder as his lips gently brushed against her. Her heart stopped. He slid his hand around her waist and guided her into the stall in front of them. Once she heard the door lock shut she turned to face him. They were body to body. She could feel his heart beat. He was much taller than she was, and as she looked at him he took her face in his hands. They were so big, but soft and she turned her mouth into his palm and kissed it. He moaned softly and pressed his lips to hers, hard. It took her breath away. 

She ran her hands up his chest and through his hair as this tongue pushed her lips apart and found its way into her mouth. He could feel that her body was tense, nervous. He gently took her lip in his teeth and felt her body melt into him. That was all he needed to go from firm to rock fucking solid. He pushed himself against her. 

"See what you do to me?" He whispered. 

"Wait until you see what I do to you." She murmured back. She sat him down on the toilet and landed hard on his lap. He slipped his hands under her skirt and found her already soaking wet. Her pussy was throbbing and she moaned loudly when he touched her. She was already so hot. He cupped her and quickly found her clit, pushing her legs apart farther, and drawing small, firm circles in her as she unbuttoned his jeans. She wiggled over him as her breath got fast and shallow. She squealed when he pushed two fingers deep into her, throwing her head back and taking a deep breath to compose herself. 

He took that opportunity to put his mouth on her neck, and bite her softly, still working his fingers deep. She freed his aching cock from his boxers and her eyes went wide as she felt his girth. She gave him a few strong tugs, bit her lip, looked deep into his eyes and guided him into her, never breaking his intent stare. She came down halfway on his lap, and then slid back up. He gasped and grabbed her ass, pushing her all the way down into him. As she drove herself around her lap he moved his hands up the sides of her body, and the fingers that were just inside her found their way into her mouth. She sucked them hard, her tongue circling through each finger. Her teeth gently moving up and down each one. The taste of herself made her move faster in his lap. 

James breath grew rapid. He was ready to explode. He buried his face into her breasts to stop from screaming her name. His body shook and he pushed himself deeper into her. He pulled his fingers from her lips and brushed the hair from the side of her face, grabbing a fistful and guiding her toward him. He pulled her mouth to his so he could taste her. His tongue traced a path around her juicy lips. He could taste her sweetness and wanted more. 

They were moving faster now, in unison, their mouths locked and their hands exploring each other, nails sinking into flesh, gasping into each other's mouths. 

Brooke broke their deep kiss and leaned into James's ear. She nipped his earlobe and cooed. He voice was covered in honey "Cum in me. Now. I want to feel all of you." 

Her hot breath sent him over the edge. James couldn't keep it together any more. He let go and felt her pussy tighten hard around him, sucking him in even deeper. 

"Fuck. That's so fucking hot. You are so fucking hot." His words spilled out in in jagged gasps. His body shook and a chill ran up his back. He legs felt numb as she released him and kissed him once more, gently and softly this time. He smiled deep into her eyes, drunk on her. 

Silently, she rose up off of his lap, dripping, and pulled her skirt down. "See you back at the table." She winked.