 The sun beat down hot on the July day. Jack licked his lips; his full concentration on the horseshoe in his hand. In a few rare moments in life, one just knows the future before it happens, and as the horseshoe left Jack's hand, this was one of those. 

"Ringer!" His thought exploded from his lips. 

Jack watched as the shoe flipped end over end landing perfectly centered on a metal stick protruding from the ground between Diane's legs. The legs this game of horseshoes was all about. He could see her coy smile and her face flush as he won the game. The smile and flushed face made her look so innocent, but Jack knew better. In the seven months they dated, the two enjoyed sex in almost every possible way and place. 

Almost. 

Jack strolled across the grass separating the pits of sand. "Seems you lost a bet. Time to pay the piper."

Diane rolled her brown eyes back as she leaned her head over on her shoulder. Twirling long black hair with one hand, she shyly bit at the index finger from her other hand. An innocent, angelic tone rolled from her tongue, "A bet. Oh, I forgot. What must I do to pay this debt off? It won't get me in trouble will it?"

Jack smirked with a hint of evil laughter in his throat, "We just going for a little ride in the truck. Payment will be due at the end of the ride."

Diane looked back honestly confused now. He never told her of this fantasy of his, and until time to collect, he planned on keeping it a secret. "Where are we going?" Her voice now filled with excited enthusiasm of a surprise ahead.

"Nowhere if we keep standing around here." With that the pair raced around to the front of the house to the pick-up. 

Once in the truck, Diane began her seductive tease to make Jack tell her where they were going before they arrived. Jack turned the key in the ignition watching Diane from the corner of his eye. "You know," she began as she slowly unbuttoned the four buttons that held her top on. "I will keep my end of the bet regardless of you telling me now or when we get there."

Jack tried, but it seemed his wandering eyes glanced in Diane's way out of his control. She let the unattached top slip off her arms and fall to the floor board. "You do know there are laws about seatbelts? I thought you were worried about getting into trouble."

Diane was sitting on her knees in the front seat facing Jack. The satin, white bra unfastened under Diane's deft fingers, and as it fell before her, she cupped her breasts with her hands and asked with pouted lips. "Are you sure you want me to cover up these beautiful tits?"

He could feel blood flowing to his crotch, and he fought the urge to give in then and fuck Diane before ever leaving the driveway. A longtime fantasy, and one which Diane knew nothing about, kept Jack's mouth kept shut of where they were going. "Well, we aren't really going that far. I guess a seatbelt isn't that important. But you are going to have to wait till we get there before finding out where we are going."

As Jack placed the truck in reverse and back into the road, Diane was answering to his challenge of keeping a secret. Leaning across the bench seat, she allowed her breasts to brush against his arm while teasingly whispering in his ear. "Please, tell me where we are going. I'll make it worth your while."

Jack shifted in his seat as Diane's tongue rolled along the back of his ear. Her nipples on her firm breasts were hardening as they brushed back and forth across his muscled bicep. Her hand slowly crept over the seat, up his leg, and across his lap to its destination, a swelling bulge in his jeans. "You're not playing fair."

"I didn't know there were rules. If I can't touch you, can I touch myself?" From the corner of his eye, Jack watched with enthusiastic amazement as Diane moved back swinging her legs from under her. Somehow when her erotic repositioning ended, one foot was behind Jack's head, the other was on the dash in front of the steering wheel, and Diane twirled her pair of cut-off denim shorts and panties with her right hand.

"Hold these." Diane softly tossed her shorts into Jack's lap. His cock pressed against his own jeans as he felt her clothes land on top of it. He found concentrating on the road more difficult as he watched his woman lick at her fingers. Jack saw her eyes focused in on his, using his every reaction to determine her next move. He swallowed to relieve some of the tension building within, and Diane pulled at her nipples with wet fingers. 

Jack reached one hand off the wheel toward a silky smooth calf before it. A foot lashed out in protection. The shoe jammed a finger back into the steering wheel. If not for the overload of endorphins flowing in Jack's blood, the strike would have hurt greatly, but instead he just let out a small grunt of pain. "I can't touch you. You can't touch me. Remember you said we had to play fair."

Jack hated when words came back to haunt him, but the site of this beautiful woman spread across the front seat of his truck distracted him from the frustration. Both of Diane's hands moved off her breasts, the nipples now glistening while pointing high into the air. With a slow circular rhythm, her hands eased closer to her shaved treasure. 

Jack could feel the saliva building in his mouth from the site. Luckily traffic was slow, and he took his eyes off the road for a full glance of the sexually starved nymph starting to play with herself. Diane's hands lowered between her legs, briefly hiding her bare pussy. Her hands parted, pulling the lips apart and exposing her inner moistness to Jack's widening eyes.

He quickly looked back to the road. His cock pressed against his pants in an attempt to get free. Jack found driving difficult, and Diane starting a conversation made concentration of anything other than lustful thoughts nearly impossible. "When we get to where we are going you are going to put you cock in here aren't you?"

"Yes."

"You are going to fuck me good? Satisfy my pussy? Give me a good surprise?"

"Yes. Yes. Yes." He could see her slipping a finger into her pussy. As it eased back out, Diane's finger was covered in wetness from her excitement. 

She let the finger enter again, this time with another finger. Jack felt relieved he had less than four blocks before his fantasy destination. Her fingers worked in and out, and the sounds of squishing juices echoed in the cab of the truck. 

"Arghhh," Jack grunted while his foot frantically searched for the gas pedal. The light turned yellow then red, and he knew running a light now would not be a good idea, no matter how tempting. 

"Are you getting frustrated, lover?" Diane's tone was full of the knowledge she was winning. 

"Red light. But you know we are almost there. Maybe you should put your head in my lap, so you can't see where we are going?" He pleaded while silently praying she would ask for nothing in return. At the moment Jack would agree to anything for a little attention.

Diane sat up, looking around to see if she could tell where they were going. Jack could still see the confusion in her face. There destination within sight, yet Diane still remained clueless. She leaned over; placing her right hand on Jack's cock, while she traced the outline of his lips with the wet fingers from her other hand. 

"Well, I guess I've played this long. No need to ruin the surprise yet." Her fingers parted his lips and Jack sucked the ambrosia coating them as they entered his mouth. 

His hands quickly moved down, unbuttoned, unzipped, and pulled his pants and boxers to his knees in one swift motion at Diane's agreement. Jack's cock sprang out with a thump against the steering wheel. Diane let out a giggle. He knew she loved knowing that she turned him on, and at the moment he was ready to explode from her tantalizing show. 

"You like the way I taste, don't you?"

She wasn't expecting an answer, and Jack's only response was a sighing moan as she lowered her face into his lap. Diane's mouth opened wide and swallowed his enlarged organ to her tonsils. Jack's fingers gripped tightly into the steering wheel. He wasn't expecting her swift hunger, and almost lost control and erupted into her mouth. 

The light turned green, and Jack looked down before proceeding through the intersection. Diane's fingers pulled out of his mouth, so she could use both hands to help manipulate his cock and balls. She massaged his balls with one hand while working his saliva coated shaft with the other. Jack gritted his teeth fighting to keep his eyes opened and on the road as he felt her mouth sucking eagerly on the head of his dick. Saliva ran from her closed lips, rolling down to assist her tightly gripped fist jacked and twisted up and down.

Jack only half-trusted her not to look up as he turned into their destination, and he gently placed his hand on her head. Diane mistook the gesture. She had no intention of looking up, and feeling his hand on her head caused her to release the shaft of his cock with her hand, and lowered her mouth down. Jack convulsed as he felt the head of his cock enter her throat. His foot pressed too hard on the gas pedal, and the truck surged up the hill. 

Diane's mouth popped as it released its grip. She sprang up to see where they were, and to make sure they hadn't crashed. "Spic and Span Car Wash?"

Jack grinned, "Touchless. Just high powered spray to wash the dirt from your vehicle."

"You came here so we could make love while the truck was getting washed?" Diane seemed disappointed. 

"Not exactly. I was thinking we would be in the back of the truck."

"What?!" Fear filled her voice. 

"Oh come on it will be the cleanest sex you have ever had."

"We'll drown!" Fear still overwhelmed her voice, but Jack could see her brain clicking behind her brown eyes. 

"Scared? I'm not." The statement wasn't the complete truth.

Diane's head looked about frantically. Suddenly the fear of being caught captivated her. "What if someone sees us?"

"We're just taking an outdoor bath." Jack laughed pulling up to the control panel. He reached low to his pants retrieving his wallet.

Diane was still looking around to see who was watching. The car wash was empty, not that she really cared, so long as it wasn't the police.

Jack glanced over to Diane with a grin. Her voice, her words, may have said scared, but one hand pulled at her shoes to get them off, while her other hand rubbed at her naked crotch. Her voice no longer filled with fright, Diane looked into Jack's eyes and stated matter-of-factly, "We're going to drown."

"With a smile on our Spic and Span Clean faces." Jack's feet worked at getting his shoes off as he slipped the eight dollar bills into the machine and punched at the buttons for a super deluxe wash. 

"Are you sure we can do this?" Diane wanted Jack to reaffirm one last time, but he could he the excitement in her voice. 

"And enjoy all two minutes."

He pulled the truck into the stall, yanking at his pants, and pulling his shirt over his head. The red light flashed on in front of him, just as Jack became naked. He slapped the truck into park. "Quick, in the back!"

The two naked bodies swiftly maneuvered from the cab to the bed of the truck. The car wash started as Jack mouth covered Diane's. This was his dream, and to have a lady who would make it come true, Jack hoped he could give as much pleasure as he was receiving. As their tongues twisted about each other, Jack moved on top of Diane and used his legs to part hers. 

The jets of the wash slowly moved over the front of the truck. Low pressured foam covered the truck easing back to the loving couple in the back. Diane's hands gripped tightly into Jack's back; her claws leaving deep, red marks. While Jack's hands moved over her body. One gripped a breast, and the other massaged down her rib cage to her hips. 

Jack released his lips from Diane's and his eyes took in the beauty of the lovely woman beneath him. Her eyes gleamed back full of lust, and as she caught movement of the jets at the top of the truck she closed them tightly. Jack watched in wonder as a multitude of colors covered the face and body of his lover. He felt the foaming bubbles tickling on his back, and he arched into Diane. 

From fear, excitement, and her previously toying with herself, lubrication dripped from the lips of her pussy, and Jack's hard cock entered easily. Diane's eyes popped open as did her mouth from the unexpected penetration. The soap covering her eyes stung, but the sight of her man covered in a yellow, blue, pink, and green soap overwhelmed any pain and she thrust her hips upwards, wrapped her legs around Jack's butt and pulled him completely within her. 

Jack pulled back leaving her body for a brief instant before driving back into her. Diane gasped and quickly matched his pace. Her legs would momentarily release their grip, and then pull him back into her. Jack could hear the jets stop, and the car wash pause for a moment. When it started again, overspray covered the air around them. He pounded faster, even deeper. 

The two felt the truck rock as the high powered jets hit the tailgate. Water vapor overwhelmed the air, and the two held their breath. Diane pulled Jack as deep as he had ever been with her feet. Her hands clawed into his back pulling his upper body onto hers, with his face buried between her face. Jack was unable to pull back, his hands slipping on the wet steel as he tried to push up. He felt the high powered water hit his feet, the back of his ankles. 

Feeling unbelievable spasms gripping and releasing his encaged cock sent Jack over the edge and as the water blasted into the back of his calves he began to orgasm. 

Diane's toes curled under her feet, as she felt the water blast into them and Jack's cock blast an explosive load of cum deep at the bottom of her cervix. Never had he cum this deep or this hard. She thought it felt he was depositing his sperm directly into her womb. 

The water blasted across his back, massaging the muscles deep and overwhelming Jack's nervous system. As he convulsed in the greatest orgasm of his life, the water pounded up his back, over his neck, across his scalp. He balls tightened and released rapidly, injecting wave after wave of cum into Diane's pussy. 

Diane closed her eyes tightly as the water sprayed over her shield. The water blasted hard against her throat, over her chin and face. It hurt, felt good, and sent her into a sexual frenzy she never before dreamed possible. Jack was unable to resist her arms and legs pulling on him, and the two reversed positions. She rose up, dropped back down onto the cock filling her. Never before had she felt so much sperm within her. With every downward stroke, Diane could feel the cum dripping out from around his cock. 

Jack looked up at the wild, lust-crazed woman atop him. Her eyes open, but the pupils rolled back into her head. Long black hair, soaked with soapy water, draped around her face, and fell to brush against her breasts. Her hands wrapped tightly together behind her head as she bounced up and down. 

Diane heard the car wash stop, pause, change directions. She thought her eyes were opened, but vision eluded her senses. Not that she cared, her only concern remained the intense feeling of euphoria coming from her heated mid section. She rode with abandon, orgasm after orgasm tearing through her body releasing her soul. Nothing but the sensation of sexual delight mattered. 

Staring at the beautiful creature fucking him, Jack grunted. His cock remained hard enough to hammer nails through wood, and as the truck violently shook from the intense pressure of the water, he could feel the impossible another orgasm approaching. Jets of water sprayed over the roof of the truck. Water exploded inches above his head. Jack held his breath while the onslaught of water drilled into his forehead and down his face. As he felt the surge of water go over his throat, he opened his eyes. Diane never slowed down and continued to fuck him feverishly while the water approached her. Seeing her nipples angle down, water pressing into her breasts like a million tiny fingers, her face contorted in pleasurable pain, sent Jack once again into an orgasm that blasted sperm into Diane's body with the same intensity the water pounded against the outside of her body.

As the water touched Diane's nipples her mind closed. Physical existence vanished. She became sex. Every nerve ending from toe tips, to hair follicles on her head screamed with pleasure. Never before had such a sensation overwhelmed her. She collapsed onto Jack's chest as the water finished pounding across her ass. 

The wash may not have been done, but the couple was. Diane body shook with aftershocks of an earthquake. Jack's body forcibly made him breathe again. As the wash made its final two passes, the two lay pressed into one another unconcerned that they were being waxed and given a spot free finish. The sound of the dryer brought them back to reality. Quickly they sat up to notice an older couple in a car waiting their turn behind them. 

Both blushed while quickly jumping back into the front of the truck. Diane fastened her seatbelt, and as Jack place the truck into drive he glanced into the rearview mirror. While the old woman sat paralyzed with a look of shock frozen on her face, the old man driving smiled and gave thumbs up to Jack. 

He pulled off laughing. Diane too laughed. "We've got to do that again! That was the cleanest sex I have ever had."