 Mike could not stop thinking about her. The party, the time on the beach, he replayed them in his mind again and again. They were both married, apparently to partners who were neither bad nor good, but simply dull. Finally he called.

"Carole? Mike," he said.

"Oh, Mike, how nice of you to call," she answered.

"I had to," he said hoarsely, "I can't stop thinking about you. We must meet."

"Yes, we must," she replied, "but discretely. I don't want a scandal to break up my marriage. I told you, the kids....."

"I know and I agree, I don't want that either. But I must see you."

They settled on an out-of-the-way restaurant and met the next noon. Carole wore a simple dress that somehow accentuated her lush curves. She looked radiant, Mike thought, and realized again what a strong attraction she had for him.

They made small talk and then ordered. There were long silences as they picked at their food, each looking up frequently, memorizing each others' faces. Finally, Mike could wait no longer.

"I want you very badly," he said. "Will you spend the afternoon with me?"

Carole colored, her cheeks reddening. "Yes, I want that too. But where?"

"We'll drive to Emeryville, I'll call ahead and book a cabin at that nice lodge."

The resort was nearly empty in this off season, and the owner was glad to rent them a spacious cabin on the lake. The drove down and parked, then got out and entered.

"It's very nice," Carole said, taking in the rustic furniture and antique appointments.

"It is," Mike said, "but it could be terrible and I wouldn't care as long as we're together." He took Carole in his arms and kissed her.

Carole melted at once, sagging against him as his tongue probed her lips, into her mouth. She felt his hardness pressing against her belly, and she knew she was becoming wet already. She let her own tongue roam in his mouth and play with his tongue. She pushed her hips at him.

Mike pulled back slightly and reached for her breast, surprised to find that under the dress she did not wear a bra. Her nipple rose to his touch, and he could feel his erection growing. With his other hand he reached down and pulled her closer until they were grinding their pubic bones against one another in a wild dance.

Carole disengaged and undid his belt and pulled his pants down so he could step out of them. His cock strained against the confines of his underwear, and Carole smiled as she stripped off his shorts. She took his cock in her hand and stroked it softly, watching it grow and become pink at the smooth head. She licked off a drop of precum that sudenly appeared, and Mike groaned in pleasure. Carole let her fingertips play over his balls and down behind them, just brushing his anus and then back. Mike's erection quivered. She licked the head, then down the shaft, and finally with great care took one testicle in her mouth, then the other, while her hand slid up and down his shaft. Her other hand went unbidden between her legs and rubbed the silky hair of her mound. Finally she took him in her mouth, her tongue swirling as she moved up and down.

Mike could stand it no more. He was afraid he would cum right then, and there was so much more he wanted to do first. He raised her up and kissed her, and then undid her zipper and pulled the dress over her head. She stood revealed, wearing only a garter belt and stockings, and his breath caught at the sight of her.

"You are so lovely," he said in open admiration.

Carole pivoted slowly around so could see all of her...the full round coral-tipped breasts, the soft belly, the lush hips and buttocks, the long legs. The hair of her mound was slightly darker than that on her head, and a few drops of her moisture clung to the strands along her labia.

Mike pushed her back onto the bed and knelt betwwen her legs. She opened them, exposing her slit. He began kissing the soft skin of her thighs, and then lovingly tongued her outer lips, tasting the marvelous mositure. She groaned and held his head as his tongue probed deep into her pussy. He licked upward, reaching her clit and circling the emerging nub of it. Carole's hips jerked. He continued laving her entire pussy, going down and touching her asshole before moving back up to her clit. She grabbed her ass and spread the cheeks further, and her puckered anus drew him and he slathered it with his saliva and poked his tongue in. She moaned, her body in constant motion.

Carole pulled his head up and gasped, "I want you now!! Please, I want your cock in me."

Mike knelt before her and took his cock and traced the outlines of her pussy, then rubbed her clit with the gleaming head, teasing her. Then he put his cock in just an inch or so and paused. Carole grabbed his hips and levered herself up, taking all of him inside her now-slick pussy. He ground his pelvis against her clit before beginning a slow in-and-out motion, pulling almost out of her before plungeing back in.

"Oh god, Mike, fuck me," she cried, hearing the words and amazed she had said them "Fuck me, make me cum with you....ohhhhhhh"

He increased the speed of his strokes and bore down harder. Her legs wrapped around his back and her pussy squeezed him again and again. Their breaths were shallow and rapid now, as each felt orgasm near. Mike put a hand on each breast and squeezed the nipples, making Carole cry out as she threw her head back.

He felt the sperm rising in his cock, and could tell Carole was close too. Just as his balls tightened, she reached down and pushed a finger up his ass and wiggled it. With a yell he exploded, shooting spurts of cum into her. Her juices flowed copiously, running down the crack of her ass, and she arched against him and felt her pussy contract again and then again as the orgasm racked her.

When they settled down a little they smiled gratefully at each other. Mike, still hard, stayed in her, and rolled them over on their sides. Carole's hand went between them and came back wet. She sucked the mingled juice off her fingers and offered them to Mike, who savored the satly/sweet taste.

"I can't give you up," he said.

"I can't either," she said, smiling. "We'll have to arrange to meet regularly or I'll go crazy."

"We will," he promised, "we will."