 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.

My wife made it through dinner and most of 70's night at one of the nightclubs, including me getting dragged onstage to do my best Saturday Night Fever impression, before she needed to take some Bonine and go lie down. This was typical for about the first 12 hours of a cruise before her equilibrium adjusted and she was fine for the remainder of the trip. I'd learned to expect it, even if she tried to be optimistic and hope that it wouldn't be too bad, so I had planned to spend a few hours on my own on our first night at sea. I'd correctly assumed that our young son would want to head right to the kids' club as soon as we'd finished dinner so, once my wife bailed on me too, I started out just exploring the ship and re-familiarizing myself somewhat since we'd traveled on it just once before.

I was pleasantly surprised to see familiar face early in my wandering, also by herself, but obviously not as content with it as I was.

"Hey, Gloria Gaynor," I called out.

"Hey, John Travolta," she replied.

At the 70's night party, she'd also been dragged onstage to lip-synch "I Will Survive" and had impressed the crowd because she knew all of the lyrics without a tele-prompter.

"You're husband was so embarrassed by your impression that he jumped overboard?" I asked, noticing that she was wearing a wedding ring and one big-ass rock on her left hand despite standing there alone. She actually laughed and I knew I had successfully broken the ice.

"Actually," she said, "he was feeling a bit worn out, so he's already gone to bed. One of the things that comes with marrying an older man. What about you? Your wife shark bait somewhere in our wake?"

I explained about the seasickness and our son being in the kids' club.

"I was just taking a self-guided tour of the ship," I continued, "Would you care to join me?"

Since she'd never traveled on that particular ship before, she was interested in getting a better idea of where everything was so she agreed to tag along. As we explored the various public spaces, we gradually went from teasing and harassing each other to mildly flirting. She was a cute brunette close to my age with a nice figure, moderately sized boobs and her ass looked fantastic in the snug miniskirt she was wearing. I didn't really plan to put a move on her, but when we found ourselves in a less populated area of one of the upper decks, the moment just seemed right. We were standing in the semi-darkness looking at the stars and the reflection of the moon on the ocean when it occurred to me that we hadn't seen or heard another guest for as long as we'd been there.

"Are we the only ones on the ship who know this area is here?" I speculated, "It's the only place we've been that we haven't encountered any other guests."

"Now that you've managed to secret me off to a secluded area away from the other guests," she teased, "what are your nefarious plans?"

"I'll bet I could go down on you right here," I boldly proclaimed, "and we would never even be interrupted."

"I believe you are right," she replied, "but maybe we should go ahead and test your theory just to be sure."

I leaned down and our lips met while her arms came up around my neck and my hands dropped to her hips. Her tongue quickly found its way into my mouth as mine did into hers while I slid my hands down to caress her ass. She must have felt my cock growing hard between us, which made me think that maybe she'd be nice and wet, so I should go ahead and eat her. There were no chaise lounge chairs around the area, so I had her move in front of a regular upright deck chair and knelt before her. I slid her miniskirt up, revealing some very sexy panties beneath it. She held the miniskirt up at her waist while I reached around to find that her cheeks were bare because her sexy panties were actually a thong.

I briefly massaged her bare ass before starting to slide her panties down, revealing a narrow landing strip of brown fur above the shaved lips of her pussy. As her panties reached her ankles, she sat in the chair and raised one foot at a time so that I could slip her panties off. She then spread her legs with her ass on the very edge of the chair as I kissed my way along her smooth inner thighs from her knees toward her pussy. She was running her fingers through my hair and gasping slightly the further along her legs that I progressed. It wasn't so dark that I couldn't admire her well-groomed pussy before running my tongue up her smooth lips, tasting the nectar that was collecting there.

She moaned softly as I ran my tongue up her pussy before slipping a finger inside to find it incredibly hot and wet. As I started pumping my finger slowly in and out, I focused the attention of my lips and tongue on her clit. A louder gasp escaped before she got herself under control, although it wasn't quiet enough out there on the deck that she likely would have been heard anyway. As I really got into licking and sucking her clit while pumping my finger in and out of her pussy, she started to very subtly rock her hips toward my face. She seemed to be very worked up, which made me wonder if she hadn't had some expectation to be fucking her husband when he went and called it a night. That might have explained why she didn't appear to be very happy when I'd first encountered her.

I had no issue with her arousal not being completely as a result of my efforts; as far as I was concerned, credit would go to the one who actually got her off. The longer I went down on her, the tighter she was gripping my head while she pushed her pussy against my face faster and harder. I could feel her pussy getting hotter and wetter around my finger so I went ahead and slipped a second finger in alongside the first. This resulted in a moan that I suspect I was the only other one who heard. I continued to work her pussy over as her body writhed more and she let loose enough to moan more freely. When she finally started to tense up, I sensed that she was right on the verge of cumming, but didn't alter what appeared to be an already successful technique.

When all the tension suddenly left her body and she collapsed back onto the chair, quivering, I was pleased that I'd been able to make her cum. I only raised my head once I was certain that she'd fully ridden out what appeared to be a long and intense orgasm. I sat back on my heels and watched as she caught her breath, her chest heaving.

"Awesome," she finally said, breathlessly, "Now let me take care of you."

I stood and opened my shorts, letting them drop to the deck, my briefs following close behind. She sat up and grasped the base of my rigid tool, pumping it as she wrapped her lips around the head. I moaned as her mouth engulfed most of my cock, relishing not only the feel of it but the visual as well as I watched her. She started to slowly slide her lips up and down my shaft while gently pumping the base, then brought her other hand up to caress my balls. Her mouth felt amazing and I knew that I definitely would not be good for very long. I ran my fingers through her hair but resisted the urge to hump her face, wanting to relish the pleasure for as long as she could draw it out.

Obviously, my orgasm began to build from the moment she first gripped my cock, as I was already on fire from having my face buried between her smooth thighs. She skillfully not only provided immense pleasure with her hot mouth, but also made sure that the buildup was longer than I ever would have expected to be able to last. Her mouth felt amazing and the way she was using both hands only enhanced that. As my orgasm was imminent, my cock was swelling even more, but she didn't even pause, continuing to bob her head up and down. I let out a primal grunt as I started to spew down her throat but she remained focused and swallowed my load without even any indication of hesitation.

Once I was completely spent, she let my cock fall from her mouth and looked up at me, smiling. We pulled our clothes back in place, although she allowed me a nice long look at her bare ass before she covered it, then we continued with our tour. We were near the end, anyway, so we decided to grab a cocktail once we were finished. We agreed that we'd need to be careful that we didn't give any indication of what had just happened between us because the ship was a small community with a lot of eyes.

"Do you think it'd be safe to go back there for a quick fuck?" she asked when the bartender was out of earshot. I was certain that it would be, since we'd never seen another soul up there, but I had another idea.

"Have you ever heard of the 'secret' verandah on deck 7?" I asked. We hadn't covered it as part of the tour so I wasn't surprised that she hadn't. Heading for the back of the ship, I pointed to a barely visible stack of chaise lounges a few levels below. We headed down a couple of decks and looked over the back again, where we could see more of it, but still not the entire area. Deck 7 was mostly cabins but there was a fairly non-descript door that led out onto a small verandah that looked out off the back of the ship. No one else was out there and it was fairly dark, so I grabbed a chaise while explaining that I'd never encountered anyone on that verandah during the previous cruise I'd taken on that ship.

With the chaise positioned, I sat on it and raised her miniskirt again, then slid her panties down and helped her step out of them. Lying back, I worked my shorts and briefs down, my revived cock popping out. She straddled me and guided my cock to her smooth pussy then lowered herself onto it, engulfing me completely. Her pussy felt incredible, so hot and wet, and we both moaned even before she started to move up and down on my cock. She was sitting straight upright and, as I glanced up from watching my cock disappearing between her smooth lips, I realized that I hadn't even touched her tits yet.

I reached up to caress her chest through her blouse before reaching up under it where I felt her hard nipples pressing out against her bra. I gently pinched and pulled her hard nipples before reaching around to unfasten her bra. I slipped my hands up under the slack cups and caressed the soft, smooth flesh while brushing my palms over her nipples. I enjoyed the feel of her tits in my hands as I also relished the feel of her hot pussy sliding up and down my tool. When she leaned forward so that she could ride me harder, her tits were close enough that I could lick and suck her nipples. I raised her blouse and bra up high enough, taking a quick look at her small, pink areolas and hard nipples before starting to lick and suck them. I ended up sliding my hands down to massage her ass as she continued to fuck me.

It wasn't long after I started to lick and suck her nipples that she came for the first time since we'd been out there, flooding my cock with slippery juices. I'd been feeling like I'd be good for holding out for a while up until that moment, then immediately felt my orgasm beginning to build more rapidly. I dropped my head back, merely watching her tits now, while pulling her down on me as I forced my cock into her as deeply as I could. She was moaning with each thrust, though her voice was lost in the sound of the ships engines over the back of the ship. Her tits were now bouncing wildly as we fucked harder and faster and my cock started to swell again. Since she'd already cum, I wasn't trying to hold out and was just enjoying the building pleasure but she surprised me when a shiver passed through her as she came again.

Her pussy was flooded once again and felt so amazing that it was just moments later that I was shooting my load inside her. We sat there recovering as my cock softened and slipped out of her, then she leaned down to kiss me again before we got ourselves dressed again. We decided to hit another bar for another cocktail, not only to give us time to settle down, but also to talk about whether we could possibly pull off anything like this again over the next six days. We did manage to score a couple more opportunities to fuck each other, though neither of us turned down an opportunity to fuck our own spouses in favor of each other. In the end, it was a fun little diversion but we weren't expecting to see each other again once we debarked, other than via email.

It was amusing, however, after we'd returned home and I was reading about the experiences of some of our shipmates on a message board related to our cruise that it turned out that someone had spotted us fucking on the 'secret' verandah. It turns out that they'd also read about it online and, when they'd gone to check it out on the first night, saw a couple going at it on one of the lounge chairs, so they'd decided to visit it another time. When this person jokingly wondered whether it had been any of us from the message board, I wisely kept my silence.