 Yes, I'll admit it, I took advantage of her, but she got what she wanted as well. I watched her, and her too children, several times when I walked from my office down to the little store on the corner. Just the site of her usually gave me major wood. She was the epitome of a beautiful, ripe woman, with a body that was made for fucking, tits that were designed for sucking and a mouth meant only to be a home for cocks. 

I watched as she, having failed to talk the store owner into giving her credit, spent her last eighty-nine cents on a small package of crackers for her children to share. I tossed the money for my diet Dr. Pepper on the counter and followed her out of the store. 

"Hi," I decided not to 'beat around the bush' (unless, of course, it's her bush), "I see you need some money." I pulled a crisp, clean one hundred-dollar bill from my pocket. 

"You're going to give me that?" She asked almost salivating at the site. 

"Not exactly-" I answered, pulling the money back. "-it depends on how badly you need it." She made no pretense of not understanding what I wanted for my money. She hesitated only briefly, looked down at her two hungry kids, swallowed hard then answered. 

"My apartment-" She informed me with resigned embarrassment. "-is around the corner." Putting the money back in my pocket, I slipped my arm around the young woman and walked with her towards the indicated, not very well maintained apartment building. 


"You are a very sexy girl." I told her as we walked. "I've wanted to do this since the first time I saw you." 

"Thanks, I guess." She answered in a subdued voice. As we walked up the rickety steps that ran up the outside wall of the building to her second story apartment I slipped my hand further around her and cupped her firm warm breast. I could tell she didn't like it but needed the money too much to risk stopping me. 

"You two play out here-" She instructed her young son and daughter after we had entered the apartment. "-While we go into the bedroom for awhile." 

"No." I insisted. "I want you to strip right here."

"No." She answered emphatically looking at her two children beginning to play with their toys in the corner. "I won't do it, not in front of them." She looked back at me. "I'll do anything you want in the bedroom." She pleaded. I pulled out the one hundred dollar bill and, holding it in front of her face, pulled a second one hundred dollar bill from my pocket and added it to the first. 

"No." She repeated, but with considerably less conviction. I stood there, enjoying the moment, we both knew that she was going to end up doing exactly what I wanted, even with her kids in the room. Then I pulled a third one hundred-dollar bill from my pocket to join the other two. I could see her resolve beginning to crumble. 

"I guess you're not serious-" I said sadly as I started to put the money back in my pocket. "-about needing to feed your kids." 

"Please-" She said almost in-audibly with tears welling up in her eyes and streaming down her cheeks. "-I'll do anything you want." 

"Three hundred dollars-" I stated my requirements as I set the money down on the end table and sat in the threadbare chair. "-for three hours of your time, during which you will do anything I ask." Having this young women standing meekly in front of me, giving into my every demand as tears of shame and humiliation ran down her red embarrassed cheeks turned me on like I'd never been turned on before. My cock felt like it was a titanium rod about to burst through my trousers. "My only promise-" I continued. "-is that I will not injure you." She nodded her head in agreement, not taking her eyes off the floor in front of her. 

"Now-" I said setting back in the chair, letting her see the large bulge in my pants. "-slowly undress, let me see that hard sexy body of yours." Her face turning an even brighter shade of red and, with copious tears rolling from her eyes, the girl glanced at her two children then very slowly lifted her pullover blouse up over her head revealing her flat smooth-skinned tummy for my enjoyment. Letting the blouse drop to the floor behind her, she bent her arms back and unhooked her bra. Letting the bra slip down her arms she revealed a pair of breasts even more magnificent than I had imagined, topped by a pair of large brown nipples that were, in spite of, or maybe because of her humiliation, standing up at hard attention. Her nipples were surrounded by peanut butter cup sized aureoles, which were crinkled with excitement. My cock twitched visibly as I stared at her breasts, licking my lips in anticipation of getting my mouth on her nipples. 

When she pushed her shorts down her shapely legs I discovered, to my delight, that she was not wearing panties. As she stepped out of her shorts I stared admiringly at her thick, healthy, untrimmed and very womanly pubic patch. Standing in the middle of the room the embarrassment of having her naked body stared at with open, unbridled lust seemed to eclipse the humiliation she had felt being forced to strip with her kids in the room. 

"You can start-" I instructed her as I rocked my hips pushing the bulge of my achingly hard cock up for her attention. "-by sucking on my cock." The naked young mother knelt between my knees and, after running her hand up and down over my bulging trouser covered hard cock, unbuckled my belt and unzipped my trousers. I lifted my butt from the chair and she pulled my pants down my legs and, pulling them off my feet, tossed them aside. Despite having her two young kids in the room, the stunningly sexual woman cradled my balls in one hand while she stroked her other hand expertly up and down my eager hard cock. I looked over at the two kids playing a few feet away as their mother lowered her head and sucked my cock between her pouting lips and into her hot wet mouth. 

By the time she engulfed me in her mouth the sexual tension of forcing her to perform in the presence of her kids, as well as the excitement of her stripping to reveal the most perfectly sensual body I'd ever seen, combined with the wet heat of her mouth caused me to cum with a loud moan shooting my 'manly essence' over her tongue. To my delight she swallowed every drop of my cum then gently held my cock in her mouth while she firmly massaged my balls and brought me back to full erection in record time. Apparently, once she had resigned herself to doing whatever was necessary, she started to get into the whole kinky scene. My orgasm induced moan had attracted the attention of her two kids who watched with undisguised curiosity as their naked mother climbed up on the chair and, crouching down with her feet on the arms, reached between her legs to grasp my re-hardened cock and guide it into her wet waiting cunt. I never expected a mother of two to have a pussy as tight as hers. She had obviously been doing her PK muscle exercises, not only was she extraordinarily tight, but she could massage my cock with her cunt muscles in ways I'd never experienced before. 

Once she had lowered herself onto my waiting pole, she leaned forward and, pushing her lips against mine, forced her tongue almost as deeply into my mouth as my cock was going into her exceedingly wet cunt. While our tongues danced in my mouth she rode up and down on my hard rod, gripping and relaxing her pussy muscles to maximize my pleasure. I was quickly to learn that once this girl became excited she turned into a sexual demon willing to do anything, anywhere to anyone. Her two kids had dropped their toys and had gathered one on each side of the chair to watch their mother.

"What are you doing?" Her son, the older of the two, asked. The woman broke off our kiss and looked at her son.

"I'm fucking him-" She answered all signs of humiliation and embarrassment pushed aside by her overwhelming sexual excitement. "-so he'll give me some money to buy food with." The young boy nodded his head in acknowledgment then wondered back over and began once again to play with his toys. The slightly younger daughter stayed beside the chair and, with her elbows resting on the arm right beside her mother's foot, and her chin resting in her small hands watched with fascination as her mother's cunt moved up and down on my hard cock.

"Oh god, yes fuck my cunt you bastard." The mother of the young witness yelled leaning her head back and whipping her hair back and forth as her orgasming pussy gripped my cock like a tight hot wet hand. The daughter watched with a concerned look as her mother frantically pumped herself up and down on my cock and yelled for me to fuck her harder. 

"It's OK honey-" Her mother finally said as her orgasm finally began to subside. "-I'm just cuming. It's fun, honest." She assured her daughter. Then she leaned forward and rested against my chest as she continued to ride up and down on my cock with a less frantic 'post-cum' pace. 

"I don't mind fucking you to get money to feed my kids." She spoke softly in my ear as she continued her steady pace fucking herself on my cock. "I just hope I don't end up with another one from this." Ignoring her comment and reaching down between her wide spread legs I ran my fingers over her stretched wet pussy lips as they slid up and down my cock shaft. 

"Your mother's going to cum again." I warned the little girl watching us as the steadily building moans told me that she was beginning to build to another orgasm. I moved my hands, reaching around her legs and, pulling her butt cheeks apart, probed her tight ass hole with the tip of my finger. Her orgasm hit high gear resulting in another round of shouts to be fucked harder accompanied by the most marvelous spasms of her cunt muscles on my cock. 

"You're really a little fuck monster, aren't you?" I asked her after her second orgasm passed and she was once again resting against my chest while she kept me hard with small rocking motions of her hips and practiced rhythmic tightening of her very talented pussy muscles. 

"Yes-" She answered with a surprising blush, hiding her face against my neck. "-once I get excited I loose all control of myself." Wrapping my arms around her waist I leaned forward as she moved her legs off the arms and wrapped them around my waist. Sitting on the edge of the chair I leaned over and sucked on her nipples while I moved her body up and down on my cock fucking her faster and faster, deeper and deeper until we both bellowed incoherently and I splashed the inside of her spasming cunt with my cum. I continued to hold her while our bodies relaxed and my softening cock finally slipped from her tight cunt. 

"Here-" I said picking up one of the hundred dollar bills from the table. "-while I recover you go buy your kids some food." She smiled, said thank you then gave me a kiss of genuine affection before quickly pulling on her shorts and her blouse. Once dressed she left the apartment leaving me with the kids. 

No, I didn't fuck or molest her children while she was gone. I pulled on my trousers and, after assuring the two children that their mother would be back in a few minutes with some food, looked around her apartment. It was old and run down, but she kept it clean. I went into the bathroom and, after relieving my bladder, checked out her medicine cabinet. Moving on to the bedroom I found her vibrator in the bedside table and, under her neatly folded modest white cotton panties I found a few pictures of her naked, including one 'split beaver' shot. After admiring her beauty and sexuality, which were apparent in the amateur photographs, I pushed them back under her panties and checked her other drawers. I found nothing more of any real interest to me. When I heard her on the stairs I went back into the living room and met her at the door.

She blushed deeply as soon as she stepped through the door and refused to meet my eyes as I took the bag of groceries from her and carried them into the kitchen. Several times while I was helping her fix sandwiches for us and the kids she started to say something then would be to embarrassed to continue. I guessed that, her sexual excitement having waned, she was once again feeling the shame and humiliation of what she had just done to get money to feed her kids. Now that she had some food in the house I wondered if she would try to kick me out instead of honoring our agreement. I contemplated whether I'd want to try using force if she did. Normally rape didn't appeal to me, but this time, with her, I was almost hoping that she would give me the excuse. 

"I can't believe-" She finally said when we were sitting at the kitchen table eating while the kids were eating in front of the TV in the living room. "-I did those things in front of my kids." Her voice was low and tears were streaming down her cheeks again. 

"You had several very noisy orgasms with your kids watching." I reminded her, which seemed to generate more embarrassment and tears. 

"You-" I continued. She almost but not quite pulled away when I reached out and touched her hair. "-have the greatest cunt I've ever fucked." My comments didn't seem help her guilt feelings. 

"I can't do it again." She said standing up. "I want you to leave, I'll give you the change from your hundred dollars." I grabbed her wrist as she reached into her pocket to retrieve the money.

"We-" I said with a threatening hiss. "-have an agreement." I pulled her into my lap and, ignoring both her verbal begging and her attempts to get out of my grasp, pushed my hand between her legs and rubbed her cunt through the material as I leaned over and started to not so gently nibble on her nipples through her blouse. 

"No-" She begged softly not wanting to attract the attention of her kids. "-I can't do it again." Ignoring her pleas, I wrapped my arm around her waist then picked her up and pulled her shorts down her kicking legs. Once her crotch was bear I pushed my hand back between her legs and worked my fingers into her still wet cunt. Her kicking in protest just worked her shorts further down her legs until they came off and flew across the room. 

"NO, please, no..." She continued to beg but with less resolve as her nipple grew hard and her cunt welcomed my fingers. "No-" She repeated once more before she suddenly relaxed with a loud whimper and spread her legs as she began showering my neck with kisses and excited nibbles while she tugged at her blouse trying to remove the cloth barrier between her sensitive nipple and my sucking mouth. I pulled my mouth away from her breast long enough for her to frantically pull her blouse over her head, rendering herself once again naked and available for my use. She moaned softly as I swirled my thumb over her clitoris while I kept my fingers buried in her hot pussy. 

"Yessssss, oh god yessss." She hissed as she rubbed my hard cock through my trousers. "Fuck me again. Fuck me long and hard. Make me your slut." She really did seem to have multiple personalities, the proper mother being replaced by the wanton whore as soon as some one got their fingers on her all too sensitive cunt. Pulling my wet slimy fingers from her grasping pussy, I stood up then bent her over the edge of the table. Holding her down against the table with my left hand on the back of her neck I pushed her legs apart with my foot then pushed my fingers back into her. 

"Have you ever been fucked up the ass?" I asked her as I pushed a third finger into her welcoming cunt. 

"No." She moaned responding to my fingers inside her pussy and my thumb rubbing her clitoris. "Please don't." She pleaded panting with excitement. "I don't want to be hurt." She finished as I felt her cunt grip my fingers during a mini-orgasm. 

"Reach out-" I instructed my young whore. "-and hold onto the edges of the table." She did as she was instructed while I pulled my fingers from her sodden pussy and pushed one of my lubricant laden fingers into her tight virgin ass. 

After transferring as much of her pussy lubricant as I could from my fingers to her anal sphincter I dropped my trousers to the floor and, stepping out of them, lined my hard cock up with her hot wet cunt. Slipping easily into her I fucked my cock in and out of her a few times to cover it with her slick copious fluid. Resigned to the inevitable, the young mother held onto the edges off the table with white knuckles while she waited for me to deflower her virgin ass hole. She whimpered audibly when I pulled my cock from her cunt and lined it up with her rear most opening. Leaning over I put my hands on her shoulders and pushed my cockhead against her tight sphincter. She squeezed her eyes shut and tears rolled out from under her tightly closed lids, a high-pitched squeal emanated from her open mouth as my cock stretched her ass hole open for the first time and slipped past her sphincter muscle. Holding her down against the table I pushed my hard rod further and further into her reluctant ass while listening to her kids laughing at a cartoon in the other room. 

"There-" I said as my cock reached full insertion into her stretched rear. "-it's all the way in." Turning her head she opened her eyes and gave me a weak smile as I pulled my cock an inch out of her, then pushed it back in. 

"Just lay there and relax." I told her as I released her shoulders then slipped my hand back between her legs to finger her cunt and clitoris. 

"That-" She said with a tentative smile. "-is easy for you to say." Laughing gently at her joke I held myself buried inside her and did not start fucking in and out of her ass until I saw signs that she was reacting to my manipulation of her genitals. Once she started responding I began to move my hips working my cock in longer and longer strokes as I fucked her virgin ass for the first time. As I fucked her ass harder and harder with longer strokes the table legs began to move and inch or so back and forth on the floor making little squeaking noises. I worked her clitoris faster and faster to match my fucking and she responded building slowly towards another orgasm. 

"Oh god-" She started her orgasmic screams. "-fuck me hard. Fuck your bitch's ass. Make me cum." Holding onto the edges of the table with both hands she was now forcing her self back on my cock with each of my thrusts, impaling her ass more forcefully on my hard cock. "Fuck your little whore daddy." She whimpered as she humped herself against my cock. "Oh fuck me hard, fuck my ass hard, make me cum daddy." She said again.

"Daddy's going to make you cum." I told her as I grabbed her by both shoulders again and fucked my cock into her ass as hard as I could. "Daddy's going to make his little whore slut cum." 

"Oh god, make me cum daddy, make your little slut cum hard." 

"Cum for daddy, slut. Cum for daddy." Then she lifted her head off the table and bellowed gibberish while I held her impaled on my cock and emptied my hot cum into her bowels. I fell forward and laid on top of her across the table while we gasped for air trying to catch our breaths. When my softening cock slipped out of her no longer virgin ass I lifted myself up then sat in one of the chairs. When she stood up I pulled her over to sit in my lap. 

"Daddy's little slut likes to be forced doesn't she?" I asked her as I gently ran my hands over her firm young breasts. I could feel her nodding her head against my shoulder and barely heard her whispered 'yes'. "I think-" I said looking at my watch. "-that I have time for a little break then one more fuck of that hot cunt of yours before my time is up." She hid her head against my shoulder and I could feel her blushing. We sat for several minutes resting while I softly ran my hands over her body. 

"I have a proposition for you." I said as I continued to explore her firm young body with my hands. "I will pay your rent, and give you one hundred dollars a week for expenses if you agree to be available to me." She listened without replying. "In addition I will pay you fifty dollars every time I fuck you." She still hid her face against my neck without answering, but when I pushed my hand into her crotch she spread her legs giving me access to her cunt. 
