 Crystal and I had met each other originally when we were 17 at a dance but lost track of each other until we were 25, this was due in part to our living in separate, far flung suburbs in the metro region and being dependent on public transportation. Our chance meeting 4 or 5 years later was through a male friend of mine who just happened to mention her name one day. I told him that I would like to see her again and asked if it could it be arranged in a nonchalant way. He agreed and when Crystal and I did meet, we hit it off immediately. 

A lot had happened in our lives in those few short years. We had both gone to higher education and had completed our schooling and were out working in our respective fields. Crystal had gone on to be a nurse and had recently got back from Europe on holiday. She had also recently gotten out of a heavy relationship with a guy who she had been engaged to. Apparently he had either met someone else or had gotten cold feet about the whole thing. Either way, he ended the relationship and she was devastated, having gone to Europe with her sister to try and get over it. 

My friend knew her from a university ballroom dancing club that they were both members of and he encouraged me to join as it was a great way to meet girls. This was where I met her again. The club was primarily for students, but they allowed former students and the general public to join. It was quite loose as long as you were enthusiastic about ballroom dance. Crystal and John were quite good dancers, especially John as he had been exposed to dance since he was a child, his parents still being avid competitive amateurs. 

There was no question as to a relationship starting between Crystal and John, he was a little short guy of 130 pounds at a height of 5 foot 6 and she was a tall blonde who stood at 5 foot 8 with heels. She was a perfect match for me as I was 180 pounds and 6 foot one. I was kind of interested in cultivating a relationship with this pretty, busty blonde with her teasing ways and baby blue eyes. Knowing that she was on the rebound from a relationship which she hadn't gotten over yet, I waited a couple of months from the end of that summer to late October to ask her out on a date. She told me that she still wasn't ready for dating yet but I told her that we would just be friends. Back in those days, the term "friends with benefits" didn't really exist, you either were dating casually and seeing others or going steady and were exclusive to each other. "Friends" between male and female just meant a casual platonic relationship. I agreed to this and she gave me her phone number. I didn't care as I just enjoyed her company. Our personalities really complimented one another. 

I had been working for this company for a few months and they really made it a fun place to work. The company had a couple of hundred employees and was in a niche market where they were very profitable. The owner of the company was a very generous guy who liked to spread some of the wealth around by having parties at the end of every month to celebrate all the employee's birthdays for that month. The last Friday of every month would see the booze flowing after work and because of this the morale in the company was very high and was an enviable place to work. The company never needed to advertise for employees, they always had enough people applying to work there. 

I couldn't believe the amount of office romancing that went on in that company. From the lower echelons to the highest management, you never knew who was doing who. Regardless of this, things still seemed to go smoothly and enormous profits were still being made. 

It was late October and I still didn't have a date for the company Christmas party, I wasn't seeing anyone at that time and I thought maybe Crystal would like to attend it with me. Even if I wasn't romantically involved with her it would be nice to have an attractive blonde with me for the evening. 

I phoned her up and after some small talk asked her if she would like to go to my company Christmas party. She said, "Sure, sounds like fun, I'm not working that Friday night anyway." 

That Friday came around quickly and I had agreed to pick her up at six because she lived in one direction from me and the party was an equal distance in the opposite direction. When I arrived at her place, Crystal came out in a really nice blue party dress, showing her nicely shaped legs from high heeled shoes up to the slit in the side of her dress. She had nice 38D cup breasts, which she carried well on her 5 foot six frame. Over this she had on a nice black faux fur coat which reached down to her knees. She had been to the hairdresser and really knew how to put on the cosmetics looking like a million bucks!

Once she sat in my car I looked down at her shapely calves, her sexy knees and how her skirt rode up her thighs, exposing more of the creamy flesh of her legs. I looked at her long blonde hair which was naturally wavy it looked so beautiful with her sparkling blue eyes and contrasted nicely against her jet black coat. 

The journey to the hotel took about one hour and we had an easy going free flowing conversation about her nursing and how she had hit it off with a guy in university and how it came to an abrupt end when he met someone else. 

Upon arriving at the hotel, we found the ballroom where the Christmas dinner was being held and I was amazed at how many people were there with their dates and spouses. I knew I was getting lots of looks from my fellow employees who were wondering how a boring guy like me could meet a hot blonde like Crystal. We found where we were to sit and upon seating I introduced her to the people around us. 

The food was excellent and true to the tradition of the company, there was ample alcohol for everyone. I was not much of a drinker but had enough to be sociable. Crystal was really putting it back and very soon was in a very giggly mood. It was a very light hearted evening and a giggly, attractive blonde with excellent legs went down very well with the crowd. We were up dancing to every song and with every sip of her wine, she would grab me tighter. Half-way into the evening she started to kiss me. It surprised me as she had told me adamantly that she only wanted to be friends. As the evening progressed we just danced, kissed and made a bit of a spectacle of ourselves. 

Around 1:00 a.m. we left the party as it was broken up. We walked to my car through the chilly air of the evening and as I opened her side of the car she gave me a big kiss on the mouth. 

I quickly got into the car on my side and leaned over to her continue the kiss. We necked like teenagers for about half an hour without me even thinking about starting the car. My hands started to rub her sexy legs and gradually worked their way up to the top of her panty hose. I rubbed the smooth flesh of her flat belly and started to pull her panty hose down so I could rub the smooth flesh of her thighs. It felt so good as the palm of my hand slid up and down the velvet. I got bolder and started to slip my fingers inside her panties feeling the hair of her bush. Boy was she wet! I worked my fingers in more to the inner sanctum of her special place and started to feel the smooth, warm, wet flesh of her vaginal lips. I worked a finger between her swollen, moist labia and put it in deeper and deeper with her responding in kind with a low moaning sound. I realized that if we were going to go any further we should go somewhere a little more private as we were still in the middle of a well-lit hotel parking lot! 

We kissed some more and I started the car I was in a daze as I drove to the rural area in which she lived. I pulled over in a nice dark place off the road and reached over and started to kiss her again. Before long we were back where we had left off and with us both breathing heavily. 

She asked me if I had a condom and I told her I had. I said, "Let's go into the back seat where there's more room." 

She was first to go into the back seat and proceeded to take off her panty hose and panties, but kept the black coat around her because it was cold outside. I got extremely turned on by the sight of her lying there with her legs slightly open, her mound of light-brown pubic hair glistening with her juices just waiting for me. I fumbled around in the dark for my condom, eventually finding it in my wallet. I pulled myself into the back seat next to her opening my belt and fly, pulling down my pants and taking off my underwear. I sat there with a full hard on which made putting the condom on easier. 

Once I had slipped it on I got on top of Crystal, kissing her and slipping my tongue into her sweet mouth. Our tongues flicked in unison as we explored each other's mouths and lips. I helped her slip her dress over her head and put it in the corner of the back seat. I slipped my hands behind her and unclipped her bra revealing her magnificent breasts. I licked both of them, putting my face between them as they flopped around. I sucked the pink areoles as she let out loud groaning sounds. I put my hand down onto her crotch and felt the wetness down there. I took my finger and savored the unique aroma and licked the honey off my fingers. 

She said, "Put it in you bastard, I'm ready to explode!" 

With this invitation, I grabbed my fully erect cock and inserted it into her well lubricated hole. She was so excited that it slipped in without any difficulty. I stuck my love muscle in as far as it would go as she moaned with pleasure. 

It was freezing cold outside but we didn't even notice. We fucked each other and french kissed and were all over each other with my penis still hard inside her vagina, our pleasure increasing with each stroke. Finally I did one more thrust and couldn't hold it in any more I shot my load inside her, filling up the condom with a couple of months worth of juice. Crystal had such an intense orgasm she shook intensely and groaned with pleasure. 

Back in the office that Monday, all the guys gave me congratulatory looks. 

The boss said to me, "That was quite the woman you brought to the Christmas party!"

Coming from normally reticent Andrew, that was quite the compliment. . 

I hadn't seen Crystal for quite some time after that as it was almost impossible to schedule anything due to our conflicting work schedules. One summer day we went for a really nice hike up by the lake. She wore her short shorts which revealed her long smooth creamy legs, her smooth thighs reaching right up to her most intimate areas. Crystal had on a t shirt that barely left anything up to the imagination. Her pink areolas could be easily seen through the white fabric. I think I had a permanent hard on through the whole hike. 

After the hike we went for a bite to eat and afterwards she said, "What do you want to do now?" 

Like I really needed to be asked that question!

I said, "Let's go and watch some television." 

"OK", she said 

We went back to her apartment and I sat down on the couch while she fixed me something to drink. After a couple of drinks I put my arm around her and started to kiss her on the mouth. We started to french kiss and before long one of my hands were squeezing her tits and my other hand was rubbing her pussy. 

She said in a sly voice, "So you want to fool around do you!"

I said, "Let's go somewhere more comfortable." 

I led her to the bedroom and laid her on her back. I pulled down her shorts and her panties to reveal a full light brown, lightly shaved bush between two creamy, velvety thighs. The sight of her moist box was very inviting and my throbbing member was in need of a good pair of lips to work it over.

I asked her, "Do you want to do a 69?" 

She agreed and we moved our bodies into position, me on the bottom with my face completely buried between her legs and her lips taking the tip of my knob inside them. 

She turned out to be very skillful at giving a BJ and had me groaning very soon. I shoved my face into her cooch and stuck my tongue in as far as it would go exploring her most intimate regions. I flicked my tongue first from the bottom of the right lip up to her pee hole and around feeling for her g spot. I think I found it because she let out the loudest groan followed by moan. 

"Lick me harder you bastard! Lick me harder!" she moaned.

I did what she said and licked deeper and higher at the top of her opening. She was gushing out more of her sweet love juices and I swallowed as much of the honey as I could! She then had the biggest orgasm that made her whole body shake. 

"I need you to fuck me hard, you bastard! Hard! Do you hear me?" 

I moved my body on top of her with my full throbbing 9 inch member ready to do its dirty work. She was still quite tight and this resistance only turned me on more. I fucked her hard for the next 15 minutes with her groaning loudly all the time. I reached a point where I couldn't hold on any more and shot my full load into her beautiful hole. This triggered in her an enormous orgasm which made her vaginal muscles tighten around my shaft as I shot my full load into her. I kept on going until I had no more hardness left. 

Crystal and I saw each other a few times after that and the sex was always good and intense. We were very compatible in that department. We were going in two different directions however, she wanting to settle down and get married and I was not into that groove at that time. We both eventually met other people and lost contact with each other. I quite often think about her and the incredible sex we had and wonder what she is doing now.