 This story is dedicated to my best friend Cal 

The night was wet. Large drops of rain fell and washed over his car. The wipers swept back and forth in a simple rhythm almost mesmerising me. I snuggled into the car seat as it wrapped its protective arms around me. It had been a wonderful day.

He stopped the car in front of the hotel and turned off the engine. There was a sudden hush as if the world came to a halt. We both knew where we were going to next.. It was our time of parting, our time of saying goodbye had come. 

Our warm breath and the chill outside helped the condension in the air slowly to slowly steam the windshield. No one could see us from outside we became invisible inside the warm closeness of the car.

I lit a last cigarette ignoring his disapproving gaze. Pulling the strong searing smoke down into my lungs giving me the courage to say what I needed to say.

"You have shown me all the attractions of your town and all the  sites it has to offer.. We have had a marvellous dinner," I paused in thoughts while the exciting events of the last days passed my mind again. "We have had mind teasing conversations, you treated me like a princess, like a queen, I just want simply to say 'Thank you' my dear."

A weak fleeting smile swept over his face. I guessed he smiled again because of my accent.

"I'm very pleased that you had some fun and you enjoyed it. Believe me I had a great deal of fun too. I have never met such a woman like you," he said sincerely. 

Again we fell silent. Lost in our own thoughts. 

I had learned the last few days to take his compliments as truthful. I had to admit I'd loved being complimented by him and regardless of my past he had always treated me like a lady. Just now it became clear to me how badly I'd missed that kind of treatment. 

He had given me a new experience. All the 'compliments' I'd gotten in the past had been nothing else but lies. 

He had taught me a quite new feeling, the value of true compliments and the value of myself, respect and acceptance, and we had been like old friends, good and close friends. For that I loved him.

The glow from the hotels lights was reflecting from our faces.

I was convinced we were thinking the same things. 

I hated the thought of going back into the loneliness of my anonymous hotel room, and he wanted to stay with me, wanted to hang on to and extend these last moments as long as possible. He didn't want to leave me now. Perhaps he hated that as much as I did, hating the thought of parting. 

We really didn't want to part,. Something like a magic ribbon held us together. Were we feeling the same things? The mystery of two soul's attraction? Were we bound together by arcane witchcraft? 

Why was it so difficult to say? A feeling of thoughtful sadness slowly conquered my mind. My plane would lift off tomorrow morning, carrying me so far away. Would I ever see him again? Would I ever receive this treatment from another man? Damn, why was he married?

A secret tear slowly fell from my eye. 

I turned my face away hiding I pretended to be looking through the opaque, misted over side window. The tear moved slowly across my cheek leaving behind its wet glistening trace of sorrow.

"Shannen, why you are weeping? Did I say or do anything wrong?" he caught me.

"No, you didn't," I sobbed, "you did everything right, don't worry."

"What's the matter, then?" he asked me anxiously.

I kept silent. Don't men ever understand?

"It's so unfair…." I said.

"What?" he replied.

"That we have to part, now." 

Silently, he nodded in agreement.

Time passed again. Other people came and went. Cars swooshed by on the wet pavement. Lights dimmed. A church clock was tolling in the distance. 'Midnight', I counted the bells lonely ring. 

"It's very hard to say 'goodbye' to you," he said thoughtfully, "its like a I'm losing a part of myself." 

I nodded my head in agreement. 

I reached out and found his hand. One last time I wanted to feel his power and his presence. My heart was pounding. 

What should I do? I was afraid I would become unhappy again. Just as in all my past relationships.

What could I do to keep my heart from being broken again?

Then I turned my head back to him, my face now moving close to him. I hesitated, then I shut my eyes, offered my mouth. Parting my lips, ready for a 'goodbye kiss'. I felt his hands touching my face, then his lips softly upon mine. 

First tender, then going impatient and over eager. 

Our kiss of friendship started turning to passion. 

Tongue's tips met, played, teasing and tasting each other. 

His hands were moving over me now. 

I pushed him back. 

He looked at me, a frightened look in his eyes.

"We shouldn't do it," I told him cool headed. 

"What, kissing?" he asked.

"I said 'it', not 'that'. Listen to me carefully!" I smiled back to show that I wasn't angry.

His face went to a question mark. Then he got it.

"Shannen," he stuttered, "I never wanted…." He looked quite unhappy. "That was never my intention."

"Sometimes you are a little liar, aren't you?" If I could have seen his face more clearly, I bet he blushed. "We shall become very, very unhappy, my dear, if we…" I whispered sadly.

His mind was visible working. Then he nodded slowly in agreement. For a long time we faced each other, in mute conversation.

"You are a wise woman, Shannen." He said thoughtfully at last.

But our eyes kept talking iridescently. 

I looked deeply into his eyes as he did in mine. What were my eyes saying? What were his eyes telling me? 

I saw his yearning and his pain of abstaining. I was longing for him too. 

A tear appeared and slowly slid down his face.

"You are right, Shannen," he said, "if we" he stuttered, "if we would do 'it', I'll become addicted, addicted to you. Really, you are addictive, Shannen. And I know this would break my heart."

"Mine too…" I whispered, lost in thought, both now in tears. But neither of us were ready to leave the closeness of car. 

He handed me a handkerchief. 

I dried my face. 

Time passed.

I made my decision.

I took a deep breath. "Would you like to…" I broke the silence, when he started at same time. "Would you like if I…"

We smiled. 

"You first." I said.

"No, you, ladies first. What you wanted to say?" Cole replied

I gulped. 

"Would you like to have a last drink with me?"

There it was. It was out. The magic question was spoken. A smile of salvation rushed to his face. 

"Yes. Please. I would like nothing else more." He said.

With a sigh of relief he opened his door, stepped from the car, came around and opened my door. Did he get my intention or was he only glad to spend some more time with me?

"May I help you?" he asked me continuing our running gag about his politeness, while he offered me his hand for assistance. 

But stepping out the car I broke 'the rules'. 

I kept his hand in mine. Holding hands like conspirators or a fresh-in-love couple, we approached the hotel. The automatic door swung open with a silent hiss. At the left was the bar, at the right the elevators to my room. 

The last hurdle to be cleared. Resolutely I pulled him with me – to the right – giving him no time to think. Our arms around each others waist we walked down the corridor.

Using the key card I opened the door. We stepped into my room. But nobody turned on the lights. 

In the darkness our bodies touched by chance.

He reached out for me taking hold on my shoulders. 

With the taste of our last kiss still in mind, he searched for my face, he found my waiting mouth. He started to kiss me so softly and with a sweet gentleness. 

I wrapped my arms around him , stepped out of and away from my stilettos, lifting myself up now on to tiptoes. 

My tongue gave his a soft reply, touching his teasingly. 

His hands now on my waist, I nibbled at his lips, love bites exchanged, our arousal was increasing. 

"Shannen.." he shrugged back, "Shannen, I want…" I closed his protest or objection with a passionate kiss, penetrating his mouth fully and deeply with my tongue.

I pulled back.

"What do you want Cole?" I asked with my lips resting on his.

"I want you." he admitted.

"I know my love," I whispered between two kisses, "I want you too."

Now it was out, it had been spoken. This night will become ours. The spell is broken. 

I feel him calm down, relax. He reaches round me, hugging, pushing into me. And I wrap my arms closer pushing my breasts into him, moving closer into him; as close as possible. 

We have become lovers. 

"Shannen, I want you…" Cole whispers.

His pretended resistance breaks down and his knee pushing between my legs assures me he wants me

"Trust in me, love needs no excuse." I whisper back to him.

I let my hand slide down while kissing his lips. Down his legs to the bulge between, showing him what I want. Ensuring him. Under my tender strokes his bulge comes strongly to life. 

"Shannen, what you are doing, you pretty witch?" he moans. Good, he can't see my smile.

"Doesn't love tell Catholics to burn witches?" I joke.

"Not at all, sometimes we make an exception…" his hands wander up my body. 

I am getting a hot sensation between my legs.

"It would be too bad to burn a witch like you."

"I thought you prefer me on a stake," but I am not sure if he got the pun.

His hands stop at my breasts.

"Touch me, touch me Cole, touch my breasts, just feel them," and I place his hands right on my breasts. "I know you want to touch me, touch them, see how they feel…" 

Tenderly he cups my breasts, massaging, making my nipples stiffen at once. His thumbs glide over my perk buttons. 

With one of my hands still on his bulge, the other round his neck, I let slide my body up and down his body purring like a cat in heat, steaming up him.

"Shannen!" A last protest. But it is too late, so much too late, he is past caring, he can't hold on, can't stop, can't back out.

"Love me. Do what you want. There is nothing wrong. Take what you want. Take me," I whisper in his ear with my most wicked voice.

Unsure hands start to unbutton my blouse, they becoming more and more determined, revealing a blue silken bra. 

I continue stroking him softly.

"It's a sweet hurt though, isn't it?" I ask him, with a cheeky grin.

"Yes my love, it feels like a small volcano, about to erupt."

"Isn't it a sweet pain?" I continue teasing, while intensely stroking. 

"You want me to stop this?" I asked pensively.

"Not at all." He moans while I set him free. 

A sigh of relief escaped his lips. "You….you lovely witch…"

He pops out straight up to my stomach. I reach out for him, giving him soft feather like strokes, then with a soft firm grip. He twitches hard in my hold, increasing the stroke. I place him at my stomach, pointing to my core, holding him between our bodies. 

He pulls down my bra exposing my nipples, while I press my breasts into his demanding hands. He touches my hard strawberries, first playfully, then getting more and more addicted. He circles round my erect nipples with his thumbs, inducing goose bumps on my areolas, his hands are weighing my breast and supporting them. Slowly I stroke him up and down. 

"Shannen, I want you!" he says ravenously.

Our kissing speeds up, now with greed and hunger. 

Our hands explore eagerly. We search for the hidden mutual, secret places.

All of society's barriers are broken now.

"I know my love, don't feel guilty for what we feel." I say.

I unfasten my blouse completely and drop it, let my skirt slip down. I'm now in a string and an untidy bra. 

He is still cupping under my breasts for his enjoyment. 

His kissing quickens, goes faster, now on my neck, my shoulders, then on the upper spheres of my overflowing bra. 

I pull his useless pants down. His hands now at my back, searching for the hooks He find them and set me free. I want to kneel down at his feet and take him into my mouth I want get the taste of him but he holds me back.

"No, Shannen, not this way. Stand up, don't kneel in front of me, I can't take that." 

In mute consent we move to the bed and I take off his shirt and slip off my string, then we sink down so close together. 

"Now nude like Adam and Eve." He smiles at me

"And that is how it should be…" I agree while we are laying down side-by-side, "feeling."

He takes a long look at my body. "Really, you are a goddess."

He pulls the blanket over our loving bodies to protect us against all the troubles of the world. 

"I must feel your skin, your body, must touch you …" he sighs while I push into him. 

His thirsty hands now everywhere on me, touching, stroking, caressing, exploring my body and stroking again. God, I do enjoy this treatment! From my neck to my bosom, resting for a short time, teasing my sensitive nipples, then down my belly to my neatly trimmed pubic hair, resting on my mound, at last arriving on my thighs. 

I slowly part them , showing him my agreement for his hands journey and signalling my desire, wanting more. I feel my rose lips lubricate. 

I reach for his hand and place it on me like a shield Silently telling him to take it for my protection and showing him my trust. 

Slowly he strokes my secret flower feeling the dew droops between my petals, caressing my tender bud, making me purr in pleasure. His gentle strokes providing me with a strong and unwavering desire for him. 

The point of no return has long since passed.

Again I'm holding his hardness in my hand, slowly gently stroking him. He is hot, aching and demanding.

"Come to me." I whisper the magic words.

We both know what will happen now. There is no choice, no way out. 

We are going to make love. Love with each other. It will be not slow, it will be fast and insatiable, aroused as we are. 

I want him. I want him to feel me. 

I want to feel him deep inside me. I will house him deep in me. 

I want him to care and spoil me. I want him to make me cry, make me fly . 

I want him to shoot me up to the moon. And I want to do this – with him together. 

I want to take him with me on this magic journey.

I'm wet, desperately wet, my lubricating moisture is pouring out of my swollen lips. My pearl is pounding, my pussy now contracting. 

He rolls me on my back, pushing my legs further apart. His knees between my spread inviting thighs 

He mounts me. 

I feel him at my love-lips bashfully touching me and yet demanding entry. 

I reach out for him and guide him to the right position between my parted beauty lips. 

It's now up to him. 

We look at each other, the final silent question is asked.

"Shannen?"

"Oh yes, please,….do it."

And then - he does it.

Slowly he moves. Pushing in, gently parting me, opening my flower, overcoming my wet resistance, pushing inch by inch, causing me to moan, stretching me. 

God, I love this feeling, I love to get stretched up, wrapping around him as he continues pushing, all the way up into my pussy, getting skewered. 

I'm stretched to limits now, slowly adjusting to his girth, lubricating his shaft with my liquids, unbearable tension is rising, my velvet gives way. 

He is pushing, moving, entering me, then he is in, pubic bone on pubic bone touching.

I'm filled, filled up by him. 

Oh Lord, such a beautiful encounter, all of me around him tense, hugging him and housing him. He sees my tears but they are tears of lust and joy, the sweet pain of tension merges with lust.

He stops with an questioning look, he can't go deeper, he wants to remember this very moment, he wants it burned into his memory never to be forgotten. 

He feels my moist tight softness, my weak twitches, he hears my little cries of pleasure, he knows I'm losing my control, I twitch and tremble, stiffen, involuntary contractions now, my body shivers, I can't hold on, it's up to him, it's him in me, his hot poker which splits and stretches, spits and penetrates me, invades and rules, he has conquered me.

He can't suppress a smile with what he has done to me.

"You, are my little woman..."

"God, you feel so pretty good…" I sob. "You are so huge.." I gasp at his strength and size.

He does not move, he feels my trembling body, he feels my love muscles massaging him, he knows I have just had my first climax. 

I surrender, give myself away, I abandon myself. I abandon myself to him. 

He take his time, patiently waiting, till I've slowed down, till my waves of lust have come down, faded away.

"That's paradise," he sighs.

"We are in paradise." I smile up at him.

Now in peace, face to face happy, wide eyed, fixed together by his piece of amber, we enjoy this holy time, this very moment of complete love, we have overcome all boundaries for becoming one, we are into each other, I do feel him in me giving me a sweet feeling of tension. 

He feels me, a soft sweet enveloping of him, I'm tight around him, we enjoy it together, something very unique has happened – and will happen again. 

My hands around his bottom cheeks, my heels upon his back, my legs apart as wide as possible, ensuring the best, deepest access, pinned down on sheets by him, I am the sacrifice and he is my priest, performing the ceremony with his mystic scepter in my temple of love, whispering magic formulas.

"Love me, love me as it will be at last time.." 

"Shannen, dearest Shannen…"

His arms besides me for support, his breath at my neck, ready like a predator to jump, his eyes still asking for permission, the permission to move, asking for my agreement, to start the game, the game of love, the game which can't be stopped, the game whose end we know. 

He wants some more time. He wants not to start. He wants to extent this time. He doesn't want to think to the inevitable end. He wants me. He wants eternity. He wants it never ending. He wants to stop the time. 

But we know soon he will move, soon he must move, he can't hold back, soon I shall undergo his thrusts, I want it and I don't want it, we are welded together, peacefully. 

He rests in me in the firm grip of my pussy. It is hard to harness my desire now, difficult to hold myself back, longing for his thrusting and the lovely friction, the slippery friction of love, I want him to move, I want to move. I want to push my lap into him. I want him as deep in me as possible, again and again. I want to create something with him. 

My muscles stiffen, stiffen around him almost crying for their relief, my hold rising up, him into me, caught in my vice like grip. 

Sweet hugs of love exchanged. 

Caressing and spoiling him with my pussy. 

Teasing him so badly. 

Seducing him to more. 

Tempting him to move 

I get answered by his twitches. 

Its growing bigger and bigger. 

Locked up together, and then……

I cry out in surprise. 

The first shy move. 

Slowly slipping out, further and further, every inch pure lust, passing over my spot. I can't suppress a passionate moan. 

My desire is increasing I need to get filled again. 

He is slipping, going out till my lips are wrapped tightly around the head of his cock , holding him. 

Holding tightly to the last piece of him. I don't want him to slip out of me. 

Please don't leave me now, he sees my girlish fear, answers it with a smile, ensuring me. 

He know my fears but better he knows my desires, then – thrusting cautiously back in me, smiling, enjoying me, giving me more lust, ruling my lust, transforming me to a slave. 

His hands pin down my wrists, I rock my hips with his thrusts, he makes me moan with every push, I see his blissful face. 

We are in the same rhythm now. He is plowing my wet female topsoil. He takes us closer and closer to the heights of ecstasy. 

He speeds up, hungry, greedy, randy, we can't go slow. 
