 Whoever said the expression "All work, and no play," obviously had never worked with me. 

I'm a flirt, no, make that a shameless flirt. If I know someone likes a certain perfume, I wear it. If I know a certain person likes hair worn a certain way, I'll wear it that way when they're working. If there's a way to put a provocative spin on something being said, I will. 

There's a guy I've had my eye on for a while now. He's a lab tech in a small hospital and I'm one of the nursing supervisors. We give each other the naughty little smiles. We make sly, sexual comments to each other whenever possible. This has gone on long enough. It's time to see if he's serious or all talk. I decide to make my move on night when we're working.

I headed down to the lab to see what was going on while I was making my rounds. He was quite engrossed with running QC on the machines when I came in. I kind of snuck up behind him, leaned in playfully and said, "hey stranger."

He looked up, surprised at first, and smiled that sexy smile of his. "You know, you shouldn't sneak up on people like that. It's not nice."

"Well, I never claimed to be nice," I said. I then hopped up onto the counter to sit while he worked.

We talked about the usual things, coworkers, work, and a recent party we had both been to. Then I noticed his gaze was wandering from my face to my chest while he was talking. I was a little surprised, but pleased, thinking maybe this was finally going to go somewhere.

Almost out of the blue, he leans in close and says, "what if I touched your tits right now?"

I couldn't tell if he was serious or just playing like he usually does. Approaching his question as if it were a dare, I answered, "You can do whatever you like. It's not like you meant it anyway." I could feel myself getting wet as we spoke.

He stared at me contemplating what to do next, and almost without warning, he reached up with both hands and grabbed my boobs. "Nice tits," he said.

I didn't know what to say, and it was all I could do to not make a sound when he rubbed my nipples through my scrubs. And then he stopped. He sat back and looked at me, quite proud of himself, giving me a cocky smile.

"What," I said, as he continued to stare. 

"Oh nothing," he said. "Just wondering if you were going to quit being a chicken shit and make a move of your own," he said.

Not being one who likes to be out done, or out dared, I felt I had to do something. I reached over and grabbed his cock with my right hand and began rubbing its length through his scrubs. I was trying to hide my total amazement as his cock hardened and I could appreciate its full length. He was HUGE. He continued looking at me stroking his cock. 

For a brief moment I remembered I was at work and snapped back to reality. I removed my hand and looked at him, saying, "I'd ask if you if you were happy now, but given how hard you are, I'd guess that's a silly question."

"Now look what you did," he said, looking down at the huge bulge in his scrubs. 

"You started it!" I said. 

"Well, you better figure out a way to finish it," he said.

Trying to think quickly, I moved and heard the jingling in my pocket. Keys, I have keys in my pocket! Damn, it's good to be the boss sometimes!

"Ok," I said, "downstairs in the computer room in 5 minutes." He nodded. I got down off the lab counter to leave and noticed the wet spot I'd left on the counter. I blushed. He laughed and said, "That's awesome!"

I made a quick appearance in 2 departments so to not make a scene, and I headed to the basement. I was standing in the hallway, feeling like a nervous schoolgirl. My heart was racing. It felt like an eternity standing there in the hallway waiting for him.  Finally he showed. He had something in his hand.

He said he needed to back up the lab files in the computer room. Good story! He's thought this through much better than I thought. My hands shook as I fumbled with the keys to let us into the computer room. No sooner did we make it into the room, he grabbed my hand and pulled me towards a dark corner in the room behind some shelves. He ripped open the front of my scrubs in one swift motion and planted his mouth hungrily against mine. His tongue was all over my mouth and my tongue was meeting his every move. My hands quickly found their way back down to his huge cock, which was already hard and waiting for my attention. 

I pulled his scrubs down and dropped to my knees in front of him, taking his cock into my mouth. He sighed as I expertly took care of him. I licked the head of his cock first, flicking the head quickly with my tongue and leading into little circles. Then I took his length into my mouth. Given his reaction, I'd say he wasn't used to having someone be able to handle his length orally. 

"Fuck!!!" he moaned! My hands worked his tightening balls as I continued to suck his hard cock. I could taste the precum oozing from his dick. I then switched to licking up and down the length of his shaft. He then grabbed my head and pulled my face firmly back onto his cock. I sucked him very close to cumming and then stopped.

He was pissed, and looked at me lustfully. "Oh, you'll pay for that one later he said as he pulled my scrubs down and pushed me over the top of an old desk. 

In one swift movement he pushed his huge cock into my tight, wet pussy.

"Fuck, you're tight!" he moaned.

I shuddered with pleasure as he began to find a rhythm in our fucking. I tried to stand to play with him but he continued to push me back onto the desk, enjoying the control. I could feel a wild orgasm approaching and began to get a little louder. 

"Right there," I moaned. "Like that!"

He continued his pumping for another moment or two and then pulled out.

I was so turned on wondering what was to cum. And then he turned me around and began to fuck my face frantically.

"You won't leave me like that again," he said, as he fucked my mouth.

His pace quickened, and I could hear his breathing quicken. His balls tightened and he grunted, " Here cums!" He pulled out of my mouth and came all over my and face.

I grabbed his cock and milked every last drop from his impressive cock.

He looked at me in amazement. What has just happened was SO HOT! But I was also still SO HORNY since he'd left me unsatisfied.

He continued to stare until finally he smiled that cocky, sexy smile of his and he picked me up and laid me down on the desk. He pushed my legs up and out and got his face right down onto my pussy. His tongue went to work instantly. He flicked my clit with firm, quick strokes until I was ready to cum. 

I heard him say, "Cum for me!"

And with that, and his licking, I shuddered in orgasm. My body shook and I felt a release like I'd never felt before. I damn near passed out.

I laid there on the desk for a moment and noticed he was dressing already.

"I hate to fuck and run," he said, "but we need to get back to work before anyone suspects anything."

"I know," I sighed. I got myself up and tried to dress. My legs were still trembling.

He grabbed me once more and kissed me deeply. "Until next time," he said.

"You can count on it," I said.

And back up the stairs we went.