 Only a few weeks had passed since that first party, but already the changes in Jessica were evident. She acted and dressed more confidently, showing off her slender legs and 32c chest. She put more time into her hair and her makeup, and she definitely received more attention in return.

Some other changes were less obvious. She was partying more than she ever had, drinking three or four nights a week. She'd had all sorts of new experiences... her first kegstand, her first time drinking until she puked, her first time blacking out. She'd even taken a few hits from a joint, and though she hadn't loved it she was proud of herself for overcoming her initial fears.

She'd started shaving her pussy, something her boyfriend had always asked for but she'd seen no need to do. It was a hassle, and why bother if only he was going to see it? But now it seemed reasonable - guys liked it better shaved, her roommate told her, and she liked that they liked it. Whether it was her work with the razor or not, the college guys definitely approved of Jessica's pussy. She was blessed with the natural tightness that comes from being 5'3 and 95lbs, and it seemed as though every time she fucked she was wetter, each lucky cock sliding in more easily than the one before. 

Jessica wasn't sure if her total was seven or eight now, though she thought it was probably eight. She'd been a bit sore after her blackout, and while there weren't any obvious signs that she'd been fucked, it was possible that he'd worn a condom. In any case, she considered, it was significantly more than the just one she'd been with a few months previously.

Her mouth, if it was possible, was even more popular than her pussy. Certainly it had seen more action. Jessica thought herself a pretty good cocksucker, all things considered, and she'd been practicing on-and-off on her boyfriend all through high school. In truth, what her technique lacked in polish she made up for in willingness. She found herself on her knees almost every time she partied now, and guys were beginning to seek out her favors. "As long as my reputation goes no further than this campus," she thought.

She'd even found out the name of the guy she'd fucked her first night, Grant. They'd hooked up a few more times before he confronted her about other guys she'd been seen with. Jessica already had a boyfriend, and she certainly didn't need another one. It was bad enough that it seemed every conversation with her boyfriend had turned into an interrogation as to what she was doing and where she was. 

So that was the end of things with Grant, and after that the only guy Jessica saw regularly was an athlete that lived on the floor above her in her dorm. He had someone at home too, but was happy to let Jessica suck his dick from time to time without caring about her extracurricular activities. She knew she was being used by him - he never did anything to get her off and often just texted her or knocked on her door when he was drunk and needing head. It didn't bother her deeply though; he was very cute, and popular, and had a nice-sized dick that was easy to suck. He was nice enough too, she appreciated that he didn't pull her head down as hard or as far as some of the guys she'd been with of late. Most of all, however, she liked being wanted, and that made it fun. 

Her roommate Sarah had encouraged her in her transformation, and the two had become close friends. They joked that while Sarah had started off as the bad influence, Jessica was quickly catching up. Certainly Jessica had gone from reluctantly agreeing to go out to dragging Sarah to all sorts of social events. In fact the two were rarely apart, except when a flower drawn on their door's white board advertised that one of them was "occupying" the room and that the other should find someplace else to sleep that night. 

There was no flower on the door when Jessica got back to her room after dinner that night, so she let herself in. Sarah was sprawled on her bed, playing on her phone.

"Hey," said Jessica.

"Hey yourself," Sarah replied, looking up. "What are you doing tonight?"

Jessica put down her bag and took a seat on the edge of her bed. "I dunno," she said, kicking off her flip flops. "Chris wanted me to hang out later but I'm not so sure. There are a couple of parties going on tonight too... what are you doing?"

Sarah laughed "Are you and Chris a thing now?" She laughed again at Jessica's grimace. "I was thinking of hitting up Deke tonight. I think a lot of people are gonna be there."

Deke was one of their favorite fraternities. A lot of the guys were hot, and their parties were some of the best. Jessica considered. "About what time are you thinking of going over there?," she asked.

"Oh, not until ten or so," Sarah replied. "Nothing happens before ten anyway."

Jessica pulled her phone out of her purse and looked at the time. It was only 7pm. She texted Chris. "See you in an hour?" Looking up, she answered Sarah. "Cool. I'm gonna take a shower and go see Chris but I should be back here before ten."

Sarah laughed again. "Of course you'll be back before ten... he lives right above us, and it isn't gonna take you three hours!"

Jessica threw a pillow at her, and started getting ready for her shower.

Five minutes later, the hot water was running over her naked body as she shaved her legs. She paid special attention to the areas around her pussy and ass, making sure that they were completely smooth and hairless. Without any of the soft brown hair that had covered it for so long, Jessica's pussy stood out pink against her creamy skin. As she ran her hand over it to make sure she hadn't missed any rough spots, she shivered a bit and slipped a finger inside, then another. They slid in easily. "Already wet," she thought. She was tempted to add a third finger and get herself off, but then she heard someone else in the bathroom. The communal showers were not the most private of places. Reluctantly she removed her hand and finished washing.

When she got back to the room, Sarah hadn't moved at all. Jessica was drying and straightening her hair, still wrapped in a towel, when Sarah spoke. "So, are you even going to bother putting clothes on for him?," she teased.

"Shut up," Jessica replied, but the thought got her a little wetter. She dropped the towel and stepped into a tiny light blue pair of v-string panties. They were extra-small and fit her size zero waist perfectly. She clasped on a matching bra and bent to pick up a pair of shorts.

"Not much back to those!" laughed Sarah from behind her. It was true, and Jessica laughed with her, pulling on a pair of pink terrycloth short shorts with white trim. She'd washed them so they shrank and they looked form-fit to her small ass. Though she was only 5'3, her legs looked long by comparison.

She completed the outfit with a tight white tank top that hugged her chest, then slipped on a pair of flip flops and, checking herself in the mirror one last time, headed for the door. "I'll see you later!" she called out as she left.

Chris's room was just up the stairs and a few doors down from her own. He was sitting on her couch when she entered, wearing just a pair of basketball shorts and looking very engrossed in a game of Call of Duty. He didn't look up when she came in, but said "hey" and patted on the couch next to him. Jessica sat, snuggled up against him, and began to casually play with his hair.

Chris paused his game, looked over at her, and smiled. Still holding the controller with one hand, he pushed his shorts down to his ankles. Chris wasn't wearing any underwear, Jessica noticed. His semi-erect cock was growing in front of her eyes, and she knew what to do. With the ease of familiarity, she slid off the couch and positioned herself between his legs. Kneeling, she reached over her head and pulled off her tank top. Chris liked to look at her breasts, she knew. As her small cool hand wrapped around his cock he leaned back and sighed. Her warm mouth followed soon after, enveloping the head as her hand stroked up and down the shaft. He was long, but not too thick, and Jessica had room to move her tongue all around the head. She started twisting her hand as she stroked, a trick she'd learned from Sarah, and one that she'd found very popular with the guys. Chris certainly liked it, grunting appreciatively. 

Jessica looked up, her mouth still wrapped around his cock, and admired Chris's flat stomach, tanned, with just a hint of a six pack. He looked down at her, and rested one of his hands on the back of her head, pressing gently. She knew her cue. Quickly she opened her mouth wide and took him into her mouth until he reached the back of her throat. She held him there, fighting her gag reflex, as he groaned happily. His hips were thrusting now, making her gag more, but somehow it didn't annoy her as much when Chris did it as when her boyfriend did. She raised her head for a breath of air, leaving a thick coating of saliva halfway down the shaft. Chris liked it wet, she knew, so she wasn't embarrassed to drool a little over his delicious cock.

She was wet too, she noticed, her juices soaking through her tiny v-string and being absorbed by her terrycloth shorts. Smiling up at him, she whispered "I'm really wet... do you wanna..." Chris looked away, and pushed her head down, a little less gently this time. "Don't stop, baby," he replied. She complied, though a bit regretfully. Resolving to show him what he was missing, she sucked vigorously, eliciting a steady stream of appreciative noises from the object of her attentions. It wasn't long before Chris's breathing became irregular and Jessica could tell from the way his cock pulsed in her mouth that he was close. 

She took him deep in her mouth again, opening her throat as best she could. She still wasn't great at deepthroating, she thought, but the last few weeks of practice had improved her technique significantly. She barely gagged as he shot his load straight down her throat, a trick she used to avoid the sometimes unpleasant taste. She held him in her mouth until she was sure he was spent, then leaned back to let his half-hard cock fall against his stomach with a wet smack. Chris was sitting with a satisfied smile on his face, his eyes still a bit glazed from the orgasm. "Thanks baby," he said. "You give great head." Jessica smiled back, getting up from her knees and sitting back down next to Chris on the couch. 

Her movement seemed to wake Chris from his stupor and he sat up, reaching down to pull his shorts up. "Hey babe... thanks... but I've got a lot of work to do tonight and stuff..." He stood up. "I'll see you soon, okay? I'll text you?" He smiled down at her, her hair messy from his hands, a faint sheen of sweat on her forehead. Jessica pouted, but got up. She had known this was coming, she told herself. He always had some excuse. She'd just hoped that maybe this time would be different. Jessica reached down and picked up her tank top, putting it back on. Chris was already at the door, holding it open for her. "What a gentleman" she thought. As she stepped into the hallway, she was almost sure that she could hear the sounds of Call of Duty coming from his room once again.

When she got back to her room Sarah was sitting with another of their friends, Amanda. The two of them were drinking cheap rum and gossiping when Jessica came in, and looked up at her with a conspiratorial smile. "See, I told you she'd be back soon!" Sarah cackled. Amanda laughed too, as Jessica blushed. "Here, get the taste out of your mouth!" Sarah said, handing pouring Jessica a very large shot. Jessica downed it, made a face, then smiled.

"Okay," she said. "So what are we going to do tonight? I'm so frustrated I could die."

To be continued?