 She was laying on her bed, staring at the ceiling. "Alone." she thought, with a mixture of excitement and trepidation. Her mother was gone now, and she ran one hand across her slender left arm which still ached from hours of unpacking. She looked over to the other bed, still empty, and her thoughts turned to her roommate. "What if she doesn't like me?" Jessica pondered. "What if I don't like her?"

As if on cue, the door opened. A blonde head peeked in. "Hello?" the head asked, in a perky voice. Jessica sighed. A natural brunette, she'd always been a little disdaining and yet simultaneously jealous of the attention blonde girls received. Still, she figured, if she was going to have to live with this girl, she might as well start off on a good note. "Hey!" she replied, gathering as much enthusiasm as she could. The door opened further and the head became a body. "Hey, I'm Sarah. I guess I'm going to be your roommate?"

Jessica smiled as she noted the similarities between the two. Whether it had been luck or the roommate survey she'd had to fill out, Sarah didn't seem all that bad: her Banana Republic/Abercrombie/J. Crew style seemed consistent with Jessica's own and she was similarly petite; as Jessica stood to greet her it was obvious that there was only an inch or two of difference between them. 

Before any small talk could take place, however, Sarah's mother burst in, her arms full of boxes, and started bombarding Jessica with the typical questions about her upbringing, her academic plans, and her social life. Jessica couldn't have been more relieved when her phone rang. Politely, she excused herself and walked to the dorm lounge. She settled herself in a big armchair, sitting sideways with her knees up to her chest, and answered the phone.

It was her boyfriend, and immediately, she launched into a retelling of the day's events: her arrival and unpacking, her mother's departure, the roommate with whom she'd yet to really speak. He cracked some jokes, and she laughed, and all of a sudden she felt a little less scared. They'd dated through all of high school, and starting with first kisses had learned a lot from each other. "It'll be a little different this year," she thought, as they would be going to different colleges, far from each other, but she knew October break wasn't that far off, and after four years she knew she could trust him. She was a bit lost in this thought when the doors to the dorm opened and a guy walked in. Jessica looked up at the sound and couldn't help noticing that the guy was not only cute but was very obviously checking her out.

Her tight jeans and the way she was sitting showed off her slender legs and even though she was only 5'3" they looked long on her 95lb frame. Her t-shirt, although not revealing from the front, couldn't hide the fact that she was blessed with natural 32Cs. However, despite her impressive figure, Jessica wasn't used to this sort of attention. She'd been a bit of a late bloomer and once she had been labeled as not one of the cool kids the hot guys didn't pay much attention to her. Her always having a boyfriend hadn't helped much either. Her cheeks flushed a little as she met his gaze, then looked away. Her boyfriend interrupted: "I'm sorry, I've got to go... there's some orientation meeting in 15 minutes and it's mandatory. I'll talk to you later, okay?" 

She said her goodbyes, but when she looked up again the mystery guy was gone. "Oh well," she thought, and headed back to her room. Sarah's mother was gone by now, and the two girls started chatting. Sarah had a bit of a bad girl streak, and Jessica couldn't help being jealous. She listened to Sarah tell stories about summer flings and high school parties and felt a bit left out. When she told Sarah that she hadn't really gone to any parties in high school, Sarah giggled. "Oh, we'll fix that." she said. "I've already been invited to a party for tonight and we're totally going."

Sarah helped Jessica pick out an outfit, even lending her a miniskirt after deeming that none of the ones Jessica had brought were "exciting" enough. Then she did Jessica's makeup. Looking in the mirror, Jessica barely recognized herself. She was nervous, yes, but she couldn't get over how good she looked. Her breasts, pushed together by a slightly-too-small bra, offered a deep view of her cleavage to anyone taller than her, and her low cut cami clung tightly to her size zero waist. Her long hair hung in wavy curls down her back, and she couldn't help thinking that she wished the guy in the lounge had seen her dressed like this.

Sarah was dressed similarly, and Jess couldn't help but notice with some satisfaction that her roommate was at least a cup size smaller than she was. Then Sarah went to the closet, rummaged around a bit, and came out with a bottle of vodka. "What's that for?" Jessica asked, with more than a little of her nervousness slipping into her voice. "Pre-gaming." Sarah replied. "It's better if we're a little drunk before we go to the party.. It'll help with your butterflies, too." Jessica didn't know what to say. She'd never really drank before, but she also didn't want to get labeled as uncool again on the very first night. "Oh.. okay." she heard herself answer.

Sarah only had one shot glass, so they took turns, and after Jessica realized that Sarah coughed and spluttered just as much as she did after downing the burning liquid she felt more comfortable. They teased each other about it and egged each other on, and before long it was time to go. Jessica hadn't realized how much the vodka had affected her until she tried to stand up. "Whoa." she said, and sat right back down. Sarah laughed. "Feeling it yet? Let's go." Carefully, they made their way out of the dorms and across campus. "There it is!" Sarah said, pointing to a house across the street from the school.

Jessica read the sign over the door. "A frat house? I can't go to a frat party! What would I tell my boyfriend?" Sarah grabbed her hand and pulled. "Come on! It's just a party... and you can't chicken out now. Plus, you're wearing my lucky skirt!" Jessica tried to think of a reply but her mind was cloudy from the vodka.

Inside the party it was loud and smoky. Jessica couldn't identify the smell, but guessed that it was pot, which made her even more nervous. She'd never even smoked a cigarette before. Sarah walked her around for the first few minutes, but after they found the keg, Sarah accepted some guy's offer for a beer and told Jessica she'd be right back. Five minutes later, she was still talking to the guy, and Jessica started wondering why she'd come.

Then, a hand touched her on the shoulder. "Hey. Want a beer? She turned and looked up, he was tall, around six feet, and definitely enjoying the view down her cami. She couldn't decide whether to be insulted or flattered, so instead she just said "okay." He lead her over to where he was sitting with a bunch of other people and they chatted while they watched two guys play beer pong. Jessica couldn't remember if she'd had four or five shots of vodka with Sarah but every time she moved to put her cup down someone would toast to something and she'd have to take another sip. The big, red, plastic cup was almost empty. 

One of the guys noticed that she was staring at it and took it from her. "Oh. I think Jessica needs another." She started to protest when the first guy she had talked to interrupted. "Look, the table is free. Do you wanna play?" Jessica looked over at the beer pong table and it was, in fact, free.

"Oh. I've never played before. I wouldn't be very good..." she started. "Don't worry," he laughed. "No one is. I'll even let you play with half cups since it's your first time." She started to protest again, but the people she'd been sitting with began a low chant: "Do it... do it... do it..." Suddenly she felt that same feeling of excitement and nervousness that had been with her since the beginning of the day. There was nothing wrong with drinking a few beers, she decided.

As she played and drank, she started to feel more and more comfortable. She wasn't getting a lot of balls in the cups, but her new friend kept encouraging her, and it was all so fun; she couldn't stop laughing. When the game was over she gave him a big hug then went back to sit down and watch the next pair play. Someone, however, had taken their seats. "Scooch over," the guy said, to no one in particular, and a small space opened up on the couch. "Here, sit in my lap." 

She hesitated briefly, then smiled and sat down. He had a nice lap, and his arms moved around her waist in a way that was more comforting than threatening. Then he encircled her tiny waist with his hands, his fingers almost meeting, and she was momentarily jarred from her stupor. Her boyfriend loved to do that. She tried to get up, but he was strong and even sober she would have been no match for him. "Stop wriggling!" he laughed, and she realized the result of her actions: her movements had excited him. She could feel his cock growing in his pants, pressing against her.

She wiggled her hips a little more, unconsciously, and he pulsed. Suddenly, she felt sexy and powerful. She knew it was wrong, but she slowly started to grind on his lap, keeping a straight face as best as possible. The guy thrust back a little, and as he shifted his bugle ended up right between her legs. It pressed up against her and she nearly moaned from the sensation. With her boyfriend off at his school, she hadn't had anyone else touch her there for almost two weeks... not since the night after her 18th birthday. She was thinking about that night, grinding aimlessly on the dick underneath her, when the guy suddenly stood up and started walking her across the room. He was standing right behind her, his hands on her hips now, and she could feel his erection pressing against her lower back.

He lead her upstairs and opened the door of one of the rooms, looking around to see if anyone was inside. It was empty, and he quickly locked the door. Jessica heard the latch and suddenly was terrified. "Wait..." she started, turning. He leaned in and kissed her full on the lips. Simultaneously, his hand slid up her thigh, under her miniskirt, and started rubbing her pussy through the fabric of her blue and white Victoria's Secret panties. She nearly melted from the dual sensation, and she moaned into the kiss. His tongue snaked into her mouth and she kissed back hungrily. 

A few seconds later his fingers pushed her soaked panties aside and he slipped one inside of her. Her back arched at the sensation. It never felt this good when her boyfriend had fingered her. Jessica couldn't help herself. She dropped to her knees and started fumbling with her new friend's belt. Her drunkenness and the bulge in his pants weren't helping, and she let out a frustrated sigh. He came quickly to the rescue, and as soon as he dropped his jeans she was reaching into his boxers.

He sighed as her cool, small hand wrapped around his cock and gave it a few test strokes. Jessica pulled it out through his fly and admired it... not quite as long as her boyfriend's, but thicker, and arrow straight. She felt one last twinge of guilt as she wrapped her lips around the head.

Her tongue worked circles on the underside, one hand frantically stroking the shaft while the other caressed and massaged his balls. She felt his hands on the back of her head, forcing his cock deeper into her mouth, and a distant part of her mind hoped that he wasn't messing up her hair too badly. She pushed all other thoughts aside and sucked harder. She was twisting her hand as she stroked now, bobbing the head in and out of her small mouth, and she could tell he was enjoying it. His groans filled the room and seconds later his cum filled her mouth. She swallowed as best she could but he kept cumming and a few drops landed on her shirt. 

As soon as he pulled out of her mouth, she felt terrible. What was she doing sucking cock at a frat party? She was a good student. A good girl. She had a boyfriend whom she loved. She squeezed her eyes shut, wishing it all to be a bad dream.

His hands, lifting her back to her feet, shook her out of it. She pushed him away, turning around, and he grabbed her by her slim waist. His hand moved between her legs again and she was embarrassed by her wetness. The feeling of power she'd had while sitting on his lap and while sucking his cock was replaced by a feeling of helplessness. Jessica could taste his cum in her mouth and on her lips and she wanted to cry. She barely noticed him pulling down her panties. Then, her body tensed as she felt something hard pressing against the lips of her still-wet pussy.

He pulled down on her hips, thrusting, her miniskirt pushed up around her waist, and she felt him filling her, stretching her. She moaned involuntarily. "No..." she whimpered, simultaneously bending over to take him deeper. "God, you're tight!" he replied, pulling out halfway before thrusting in again. Jessica moaned again; she could feel an orgasm rising inside of her. "Well..." she thought, with drunken logic, "he's already inside of me... I may as well cum from it." He pushed her to her hands and knees and she went willingly, her hips grinding against his thrusts. Her misgivings were forgotten as he fucked her roughly, sending her spiraling into orgasm. Her already tight pussy clamped down on his dick and he grunted in pleasure. She moaned and threw her head back as he came inside of her. 

He pulled out, his cock softening, and Jessica looked around. She was sobering up a little, and after pulling up her panties turned to look at the guy behind her. He was lost in post-orgasmic bliss and as she started to address him realized she'd never asked him his name. Her cheeks flushed and suddenly she imagined she could feel all of his cum, burning hot, inside of her. She thanked god she had gotten on the pill a month before, then felt another wave of shame as she remembered it was supposed to be as a present for her boyfriend. She rushed to the door, unlocked it, and was on her way out of the house before he could react. 

When she made it back to her dorm she was relieved to find that Sarah wasn't home. She lay down on her bed, fully clothed, and passed out. The next morning she woke to find Sarah back, organizing some CDs. 

"Oh.. good morning... how was your night?" asked Sarah. Jessica hid her blush. 

"Boring." she replied, in an even tone. "I can't believe you ditched me! What time did you get in anyway?"

"I don't know," laughed Sarah. "Sorry about that. So, you didn't have any fun at all?"

"Well..." Jessica hesitated. She felt bad, but thinking about the last night's events was turning her on again. "I guess it was okay."

Sarah looked over at Jessica and smiled. "My lucky skirt worked out for you, eh?"

"What-t?" Jessica stammered. She'd already told Sarah about her boyfriend. "What do you mean?"

Sarah walked over with a devilish grin on her face. "You might want to change that before breakfast," she giggled, pointing at Jessica's stained cami.

To be continued?