 This is a recounting of my recent vacation with my husband to the Dominican Republic.

My husband, John, informed me that him and three of his friends were going on a golfing vacation in Punta Cana and wanted to know if I would like to accompany him. The wives of two of the friends were going and the third guy was single. My first impulse was to say no but it had been a very cold winter, ten days of tropical sun would certainly feel good. The next thing I knew, here we are, in flight, headed for the Caribbean.

The flight was uneventful, with the men constantly talking about their golf. I was never able to really warm up to the other two wives and spent most of my time reading a book that I had picked up at the airport. As soon as we landed and exited the plane we were hit with a wall of hot tropical air, it was glorious. After clearing customs we were all bused to our resort, checked in and settled ourselves in our new home for a week and a half.

My husband and I have a good marriage, no children, I can't conceive. Our sex lives are good, nothing earth moving but very good. John has a very good paying job and is a good provider. He is six feet tall rather muscular with a small belly which has begun to develop over the past few years but he is an attractive man with his light brown hair and brown eyes. John is a few years older than my thirty five years of age. I am about five foot four with long dark brown hair past my shoulders and hazel colored eyes. I don't have the same figure I had at twenty but still turn many a head were ever we go.

I was a little ticked off when John burst into the room, all excited because they had been able a tee time for this afternoon, we just got here but I guess that was the main purpose for their trip and the golf course was right on the resort. 

I decided to get changed and spend my afternoon by the pool, enjoying the hot sun. I put on my tiny baby blue string bikini and covered it with a white full body open knit sarong. Satisfied with the way I looked, I began the short walk to the pool. 

The pool area was crowded but there were still quite a few empty beach chairs. I picked one in a less crowded sunny area and removed my sarong and stretched out on the chair. After only a couple of minutes I realized that I had better put some sun lotion on before I burnt. Sitting up, putting the lotion on gave me a good chance to check out the pool and its occupants. There was a good variety of people, young beauties with their boyfriends, older couples, large and small. 

On the opposite side of the pool was a young, black man, probably in his early to mid twenties, dressed in a with shirt and navy blue shorts. Every time that I glanced that way, I would catch him staring at me, I would stare back until he broke eye contact, just because that is me. This one time as I glanced back, he was gone, I guessed that he had seen enough and moved on. To my surprise, I heard someone move a chair beside me and as I looked over, it was him. He smiled and sat down. He was an extremely handsome young man, tall and slender yet appeared to be in good shape. His most outstanding feature was his dark black, they seemed to pierce right through to your soul.

He introduced himself as Carlos and said that he works at the resort but today was his day off. He offered to put some lotion on my back. At first I was about to decline the offer but instead handed him the tube and rolled over onto my stomach. The lotion was cool on my back but I barely noticed his touch was like nothing I had ever felt, it was like someone was tickling my skin with a feather. First my shoulders then my mid back, his hands slid down the my sides, almost touching the sides of my breasts and instead of protesting, I raised my arms above my head to give him better access, why I don't know. Carlos didn't actually touch my breasts but the sensation sent a flash throughout my body. He continued to move down to my lower back and as his long slender fingers rimmed the edge of my bikini bottoms I could feel my heart pounding. He moved on to my legs, starting at the bottom and working his way all the way up to within a fraction of an inch from my crotch. I found myself pushing downward hoping that he would accidentally touch me there.

I should explain something at this point, although I had some wilder days before I met John, I have always been a faithful wife and I believe that John has been faithful to me as well but for some unknown reason this young man's touch was driving me beyond the point of self control.

When Carlos had finished with the back he told me to roll over. Without a second thought I did as he suggested and his fingers began their work on the front of me. First the shoulders then quickly down to just above my breasts. His fingers rimmed the edge of my bra, not exactly touching my breasts but he had might as well have, it was exciting me just as much. My chest was heaving with every touch he knew exactly what he was doing to me. 

From my chest he moved directly to my legs. Once again starting at the bottom and working his way up to the seam of my bikini and hopefully to my soaking wet pussy. As he neared the top I spread my legs slightly, just enough to let him know that he was welcome but as before he stopped just short of the touch that I craved more than anything at that moment. 

His hands now moved my mid section his eyes were locked onto mine as his hands circled my stomach, drawing closer and closer to the wet juicy mound that was craving his gentle touch. His long slender fingers slid beneath the top of my bathing suit, venturing about an inch, enough to know that I was totally hairless but not enough to give me the relief that I so desperately needed. 

All of a sudden he removed his hands and stood up. Without a word he began to walk away but stopped after a few steps and looked back at me with the mystical eyes. Without any hesitation or second thoughts, I stood up and followed him. With my sarong in hand I walked a few paces behind him, out of the pool area, across the beach and a few minutes later we arrived at a small very modest house, more of a hut.

He held the door open and I entered, without a word he took me into his arms and kissed me, a long passionate kiss with his tongue exploring every bit of my mouth. When he broke away him continued kissing my face and neck while his hands undid the tiny knots holding my bathing suit together. The strings fell to the side and the only thing holding it up was our bodies pressed so tightly together. He took a step backwards and my bathing suit fell in a clump on the floor at my feet leaving me standing totally naked in front of a man that I just met half an hour ago.

Carlos removed his shirt and I instinctively dropped to my knees in front of him. As he undid and lowered his shorts his cock sprung out directly in front of my face. I took a few seconds to examine it, it was nice seven inches long maybe a little more, not overly wide but incredibly straight, I have never seen such a straight cock, usually they have at least a little curve in one direction or the other. There was a small drop of precum on the tip of it which I quickly sucked off before beginning to caress the tip and underside with my tongue. Before long I was maintaining a steady rhythm of bobbing my head on his cock. With his balls resting gently in my hand and his cock plunging to the hilt within my throat, Carlos was not able to hold out for very long. Soon I felt that twitch that told me just how close he was. Suddenly he erupted, sending stream after stream of warm cum down my throat. I was able to capture and swallow every luscious drop.

Once finished Carlos laid me on the bed and positioned himself between my already spread legs. When his tongue touched my wet cunt I swear sparks must have shot from it because my body tensed up like I had just been electrocuted. With one of his long fingers on my G spot and another in my ass, he masterfully worked his tongue to bring me to a number of magnificent orgasms which seemed to be never ending just one long continuous one. As I began to ebb, he climbed up and quickly but gently entered me, his cock sliding easily into my hot wet cunt.

His fucking was equal to his oral sex, he was able to send me down a path of multiple orgasms like I had never experienced and his stamina was incredible. Not only did he fuck me for what seemed like hours but moments after he came in my cunt he was pounding my ass with all of the vigor of someone who hadn't had sex for a long time. 

By the time Carlos was finished fucking me I knew that I had just been fucked better than I could have dreamed possible. We laid there for a short while but I knew that I had to get back to the resort before John's golf game ended. I put on my bathing suit and headed to the ocean to wash off the sweat and cum that now covered my body. Once clean, I returned to the house, kissed Carlos and thanked him as I put on my sarong and headed for the door. Carlos stopped me and placed a necklace upon me, it was a lovely shade of ocean blue.

Carlos said, "Same time tomorrow." And smiled as I left.

When John returned from his golf game I was soaking in a nice warm scented bath. He showered and we got dressed and went out for a lovely dinner with his friends.

One of the wives asked where I had gotten the lovely necklace from.

I told her, "Just down the beach."

That night John and I made love with the renewed passion of a couple of newlyweds. As I fell asleep I told myself that I would never see Carlos again.

The next morning as John prepared for his long day of golf I knew that as much as I tried to deny it I was going to see Carlos again today, I couldn't help myself.

Once John was gone I put on my black string bikini and sarong and headed back to the pool. After walking around for two laps I realized that Carlos was not here so I headed for the beach. As I walked along the beach I almost turned around twice and headed back to the resort but that magnet kept drawing me to the hut. As I arrived Carlos was outside on the beach with another young man. Carlos introduced him as Juan his older brother. They did look very similar but if Juan was older it couldn't have been by more than one or two years.

Carlos stared at me with those eyes and took my hand, leading me into the hut, Juan followed us. Once inside Carlos removed my sarong and with one of the men standing on each side of me it wasn't long before my bikini was once again on Carlos' floor. Juan removed his shirt and shorts and sat at the edge of the bed. I knelt between his legs and eagerly proceeded to suck his cock. He tasted like a combination of perspiration and salt water but I enjoyed every inch of it as he fucked my eager mouth.

While I was busy with Juan, Carlos had undressed and moved behind me inserting his had cock into my sopping wet cunt. The brothers must have done this before because they instantly developed a smooth rhythm for fucking me from both ends. I had never been with two men before but took to it like a seasoned professional. The two brothers took turns all afternoon, fucking me in every way imaginable, mouth and cunt, mouth and ass, ass and cunt. I couldn't begin to count how many orgasms I had, each one as great as the previous one.

The day flew by in a blur and before I knew it, it was time to head back. Once again a quick swim and say my goodbyes. This time Juan gave me a necklace, a bright green one. Once again we had a nice dinner with John's friends and another night of great sex. 

John said that he had known that the sex would be this good he would have booked us for the whole month.

That night I dreamed of the little sex hut and having sex with Carlos and Juan. I woke up in the morning to John getting ready for the golf course and me with a tingling between my legs. I couldn't wait for him to leave so that I could head to the beach. 

Today is white bikini day which really looks great with my dark hair and my usual sarong. Arriving at the hut I saw Carlos on the beach. He gave me a kiss, leading me inside. It was dark as usual and took a few seconds for my eyes to adjust. When they did I realized that there were three men in the room besides Carlos. One was Juan and the other two I recognized as waiters from the resort. Before I could say anything they were busy stripping me. Within seconds three of them were fucking me and the fourth one had his cock in my hand.

Although I had been a little shocked at first I soon began to appreciate the action as my orgasms began to flow once again. By the time that they were all spent, I was covered from head to toe with sweat and cum. The waiters each gave me a necklace and left. I put me bikini bottoms on and began searching for the top. It was nowhere to be found. I assume that one of the other men had taken it.

I had to get washed off and topless sun bathing was common but not for me. What choice did I have, with my head held high, my tits standing proudly and my face and body covered in cum I headed to the shore. I must have been quite the sight. 

Once cleaned up I returned to the love hut and put on my sarong, it partially covered me but if you looked you could still see my breasts. Once cleaned up and dressed, John wasn't back yet so I headed down to the bar for a drink. Sam the bartender brought me a pina colada and he was able to stay and chat a little.

Sam said,"Misses is enjoying her vacation very much."

I gave him a puzzled look and he reached out and touched my collection of necklaces. I gave him another puzzled look.

He went on to explain that there was a custom to give a woman a necklace after you had had sex with her in every way imaginable. These necklaces told him that I had been with Carlos, Juan, Elvis and Pedro. He went on to tell me that tomorrow was his day off and that I would be getting a necklace from him too.

At first I was shocked that he knew but soon the thought of him fucking my brains out was getting me excited. Sitting there I could feel myself getting wet. 

That night after dinner a group of us decided to go for a walk on the beach. I got very nervous as we approached the love hut Carlos and Juan were sitting outside and waved.

John commented on what friendly people they were, if he only knew.

The next day went pretty much the same as usual, only three men today, Juan, Sam and Miguel, another one of the bartenders. I got two more necklaces that day and never had to wait for a drink for the rest of our vacation.

By the time that we were ready to head home I had carnal knowledge of most of the male staff members and many of their friends. It was certainly an unforgettable vacation but the only problem now is what am I going to do when I get home? There's no way that I can ever go back to fucking only one man.

Please remember that this is only fiction and I know we should have used condoms.

Hope it worked for you.

Luv, Sue.