 I’m a groupie. You wouldn’t think it, if you saw me. I didn’t figure myself for the groupie type either, but here I am – waiting for the next time the band’s gonna play. Calling my girlfriends to find out of they are up for a night out when they come into town, or better yet if they are up for a road trip when they’re playing close enough. 

I didn’t race out to see the band because I thought that I would get laid, I just wanted a fun “forget all your bullshit” night out with my friends. Well, at least that’s what I wanted until I was introduced to him. Honestly, from my seat at the bar I didn’t pay much attention to him. Hell I could hardly see him, hidden as he was behind the singer. But when he walked out after the first set was over and introduced himself – I was hooked.

He had a smile that lit up the room, but it was his eyes that ended it for me. He had that look that just promised a good fuck, and believe me I was in need of a good fucking. Shit, my sex life revolved around two double A’s and maybe a 9 volt if I was feeling particularly frisky. The thought of getting laid by a real man, with a cock that wasn’t dependant on an on-off switch was pretty damn intriguing.  Now don’t go thinking that I’m some kind of nasty bitch that couldn’t get her pussy rocked unless it was closing time at Donovan’s Pub and Grill because I’m not, at least I don’t think so. I can’t claim to be the sexiest thing that walked into a room, but you wouldn’t lose your lunch if you laid eyes on me. It’s just that, well, I’m married. I love my husband, but he has the sex drive of a garden slug. I would just like to get fucked once in a while, and I’m not talking missionary position, I want some hot “fuck me till I can’t walk straight tomorrow” sex. And it just ain’t gonna happen at my address. But enough of that, you don’t care about my less than lively vanilla sex life. You want to know the dirty little secrets that I keep tucked away. The things that I (almost) don’t want to tell my best girlfriend. 

So, back to the band. 

I’ve seen them play several times now, and every time I wind up talking shit with him. Oh, and the shit we talk, some of it would make a whore blush. I almost want to blush thinking about it, but heh, I haven’t blushed in years, why start now? He simply oozes sex. The way he moves. His eyes. The way his hands move. The things he says. Fuck, I could cum just remembering the last time we were together. 

The band was done playing for the night and everyone was pretty drunk. He walked over to me, didn’t say hello, didn’t say glad you came out; he just pulled me out onto the dance floor and started grinding his crotch against me. 

“I want to fuck you so bad. I want to feel my cock inside you. I want to make you scream my name.”

People were walking by staring at us and making comments, I didn’t care. All I cared about was that cock bulging in his jeans, and those hands running over my ass. 

“I want you inside me. I’m so hot right now, the thought of you fucking me. Mmmm.” 

The song was ended, and he grabbed my hand, pulled me to the bar, and bought a couple of shots. Tequila. Bad news for me. Tequila makes me want to get naked. We did the shots and headed back out for some more dancing. 

His mouth was against my ear, and the only thing I remember him saying was that he wanted to take me back to the room, tear my clothes off, and fuck me all night long. It took about three more songs and I was dragging him out of the bar, back to the hotel for some long awaited lovin’.

As soon as the door closed, his hands were all over me. Touching me everywhere, it felt like there were five men in the room, I guess that’s what playing an instrument does for you, gives you magic hands. His fingers were light on my face, rough on my shoulders. I caught his thumb and sucked on it. He fucked my face with his hand. His hips moved to the same rhythm against my thigh. 

I slid my hands under his shirt. I couldn’t stand the feel of the material and ripped his shirt open. His thumb popped out of my mouth and he jerked the shirt over my head. Our bodies touched, it was like lightening. 

“Baby, I want you naked.” And I was, just like that, he tore my clothes off like this was the last time he was ever gonna be able to fuck. 

He held me away from him and looked at me. His eyes moved slowly over my body, his hands followed. His fingers brushed over my nipples, my pussy screamed. 

“I want to feel your cock inside me.”

“I want my tongue in your pussy. I want you to cum for me. I want your pussy hot. . . wet.”

He had magic fingers. Opening my lips. Stroking my clit. He squeezed my clit and bit my nipple, “Mmmm, baby I like that. Stick your finger inside me. Fuck me. I need you inside me.” 

I rode his hand, grinding my hips against him, pulling him deeper. 

“You like fucking my hand, don’t you?”

I nodded. He dropped to his knees, wrapped his other arm around my ass, and opened me up with his tongue. 

My body exploded. He thrust another finger inside my pulsing cunt. His hand slammed against me. His lips locked around my clit. My knees started to buckle. He pulled his fingers almost all the way out and pushed them back with enough force to lift me onto my tip-toes. 

I couldn’t breathe. “Wait. . .” He didn’t stop, he licked and sucked my clit until by pussy clenched around his fingers again.

I backed away and pulled his fingers into my mouth, sucking, tasting my cum on them. My hand slid around his rock hard cock. Stroked once. . . twice. . . then I pushed him back on the bed. 

I laid down between his legs. Licked my way from his knee to his crotch. I breathed in deeply, savoring his scent. My mouth watered. I wanted to taste him, feel him in my mouth. His body shuddered when my tongue grazed his shaft. “You like head?”

He put his hands on the side of my face and moved my mouth to his cock. He was so hard. The head of his cock glistened, I licked the juices and sucked the head of his dick into my mouth. He moaned. His hips moved slowly, pushing his cock deeper into my throat. 

His balls tightened, his body froze “That’s it. Move your tongue around the head, yeah. . . suck me. .”

I wanted to taste his cum, feel him throbbing in my mouth, make him forget to breathe. 

He pulled his cock out slowly out of my mouth, “You’ll get enough of this, I promise.” I crawled up his legs, rubbing his cock between my tits. 

“I want it now.”

“Greedy little bitch, aren’t you?”

“Hardly,” I palmed his balls, “this is the first time I’ve had this,” I stroked the length of his cock, “how do I know if it’ll be worth coming back for?”

He pulled me up to his face, jerked my thighs against his sides, “You’ll come back.” 

One hard thrust and his cock was buried inside me. He wouldn’t let me move, he bent his legs, planted his feet on the bed, and leaned me back against his thighs. 

His hips barely moved, but his cock hit all the right places. His fingers slid against my clit. . . against his cock where it moved in and out of my body. 

He brought his fingers to my mouth. I came sucking the taste of us from his hand, he never changed rhythm, just fucked my slow and steady until my body rocked with another orgasm. 

I lifted my hips and pushed a finger between my pussy lips then brought it to his mouth.

He rubbed my finger across his lips, licked just the tip, and smiled. 

“Coming to the show tomorrow?”