 I hadn’t seen Sue for a while now, not seen she has separated from my uncle John and that had been about three years ago, I must have been about 28 at the time.

There had been various rumours going around the family as to the reason for their split up. 

Uncle John, he was my mums youngest bother, was only 15 years older than me and had been quite a ladies man in his time, he had the looks, the car and the money, so little wonder he had a gorgeous woman at the end of his arm whenever he came down to London to do some business. 

In fact, I remember his sister, my mother, telling him off one time when he visited, I was about 12 at the time, he had called round late in the evening with what I can only describe as a teenage boys wet dream on legs, she was a dyed blond, about 5’10”, with a figure which at a guess was 38,24,35 and was fairly attractive, she walked into the room and my eyes almost popped out of my head, I think she had a similar effect on my dad, maybe that was one reason uncle John got told off by mum, and my younger brother. She had on a dress, if you could call it that, it was at least two sizes too small and hugged her body like a second skin, it just about covered her crouch when she was standing, so when she sat opposite me, I was sitting on the floor, I could see the tiny skin tight silky white knickers covering her cunt and could quite easily make out the crease of her womanhood and could tell that it was completely hairless. The dress she wore was being held up purely by her nipples and most of her young firm breasts were exposed, her face and particularly her eyes were covered in make up and the perfume she had worn was overpowering, one very sexy young lady, she couldn’t have been much over 20 years old if that, in my opinion and felt grateful to uncle John for bringing her. My mum on the other hand told her brother in no uncertain terms that this was a family home and she did not expect him to call round and bring a tart like that round with him. That night I wanked several times while thinking about what it would be like to fuck a woman like that and envying my uncle his luck.

During uncle Johns frequent visits to London he had met Sue, she was about 10 years younger than him, she was the opposite in character to the women he usually dated, she was quite, homely, almost no make up, dressed conservatively and rarely went anywhere without her parents, in fact until they got married I don’t think she had ever been with another man. Looks wise she was an absolute stunner, she had an oval shaped face, with a beautifully shaped mouth with large thick lips that seemed to pout and curl ever so slightly at the ends, her nose was slender and in proper portion to the rest of her facial features, she had large ice blue eyes, with long black lashes and thin black eyebrows, her head was covered in jet black thick hair that she kept fairly short. 

She was about 5’6” which wasn’t that tall, but all of her appeared to be perfectly shaped, although the clothes she wore did her no real justice, you could still make out the curves of her body and the swell of her breasts, she had a narrow waist and this led to her small hips, her arse was slightly unusual in that it appeared to protrude slightly. Her legs, what little you could see, appeared well formed but you couldn’t really tell as the skirts and dresses she wore were always on the long side.

Uncle John and Sue had married quickly after meeting and started a family almost immediately, they had had two children a boy and a girl who were by now in there teens and all seemed to be going well, when all of a sudden I heard that they had got divorced, several rumours circulated within the family circle.  One, which I found most convincing, was that uncle John had left Sue for a younger woman, another, which didn’t sound plausible from my limited knowledge of Sue, had it that Sue was bi sexual and was having a gay relationship with her best friend, I found the thought of that hot, and uncle John had found out and wanted her to stop but she wouldn’t agree.

My wife normally did the shopping but today she had asked me to pick up a few items from the supermarket and I was busy walking down the aisles picking stuff up and crossing them of my list when I almost collided with a lady by the cooler section. I looked up from my list and saw Sue standing in front of me, she looked fantastic, she was all made up as though she was going out on a hot date, the cooler section had the effect of making her nipples hard and erect and they seemed to be trying their hardest to break through the thin bra and blouse that held them in captivity. My imagination went into overdrive as I pictured myself sucking on her luscious tits and licking the cherries that stood out so erectly in front of me now.

“Hello Paul, how are you, long time no see?” She said, her voice bringing me back to the real world.

“Hiya,…”, I paused, do I call her aunty or just Sue, I pondered, before I had a chance to decide she said “It’s me Sue, you haven’t forgotten me already have you?”
“No, not at all, its impossible for any man to forget such an attractive woman, it’s just that it was a surprise seeing you like that and almost knocking you off your feet.” I smiled, it sounded so corny I thought t but hey what else could I have said, my mind came up with several possibilities but they all sounded as old hat as the one I had already uttered.

“I’ve just popped in to get a few things for the weekend, your uncle has the children, do you have a lot of shopping to do, I would really appreciate a lift home as my cars at the garage and although the house is near I’ve over shopped as usual.”

My wife had gone to see her parents for the day so I really had most of the day and at least part of the evening to myself. “No, I mean I don’t have a lot of shopping and yes I’ll give you a lift.”

We pushed our trolleys along picking up items from the stacked shelves every so often, I was amazed at how good she looked in her tight jeans, her tight round arse with its slight kink was amazing and the seam of the jeans looked as if it were ready to burst as she moved, I was definite that she couldn’t have had any knickers on. The curves were very event now she was wearing something snug fitting and you could even see the lips of her cunt as the tight jeans separated them, the seam, the lucky seam, must have been rubbing her cunt and clit as she walked on, I wondered if it excited her and her cunt was now hot and wet as a result. I also speculated on whether it was a deliberate and conscious choice of clothing, whatever the case; just the thought of all that going on in between her thighs and out of sight gave me a hard on.

We eventually finished and paid for the shopping and got into my car to take Sue home. We arrived at her house and I helped her unload the shopping and take it inside.

“Paul, you’ve been so helpful I don’t know what I would have done if you hadn’t turned up. You’ll have to stay for a coffee and tell me everything you’ve been up to, but I just need to change into something a little more comfortable, I promise I’ll only be a few minutes, just make yourself at home okay?”

“Well I.. sure, I’ll wait if you’re..su.. not going to be long.” I told her, not sure whether she really wanted me to stick around or whether she was being polite.

Sitting on the armchair I wondered why uncle John had left this gorgeous looking woman with a body many an 18 year old would die for and a face like an angel.

Her steps on the stairs alerted me to her return and I casually gazed towards the doorway as she entered the room, my jaw must have dropped, the transformation was amazing and she hadn’t left that much to the imagination, my cock jerked in approval, as she stood there, a thin blouse, almost completely transparent, taut against her firm tits, she had dispensed with the bra, her massive nipples were still hard, she later told me that after noticing my reaction to her hard nipples in the supermarket she had got them hard again for me while changing. The blouse was short and revealed her belly button, which was pierced and decorated with a blue gem, which matched the colour of her eyes. My eyes continued their voyage downward, she wore a black short tight skirt and stay ups, as I discovered later, on her feet she had a pair of black high heel sandals. It was difficult to keep control of my primeval instincts, all I wanted to do was grab her throw her onto the floor and fuck her until my body was satisfied.

“Sorry I was so long Paul, I decided to have a quick shower while I was at it, do you like my new skirt and blouse, I bought them earlier today for myself as a birthday present, you don’t think the skirt is too short do you?” She asked in all innocence, knowing all the time what the sight of her dressed like that must have been doing to me.

“Ahh… no Sue, it’ss ahh fine, it suits you.” I stammered, then thought she is most definitely giving me a come on, you don’t need to be Einstein to work that one out, I need to take control of the situation because she isn’t going to come out and beg for it, not a woman that looks as good as that.

I pulled myself together “So it was your birthday, sorry, had I known I would have bought you a gift, the least I can do is give you a birthday kiss.” I said this and moved towards her, she turned her cheek towards me but I had other ideas, I placed a palm of my hands on each cheek and bent down towards her, my lips making contact with her own, the slick glossy pink lipstick which covered her sweet lips smooth against my lips, I pushed my tongue forward trying to penetrate her puckered lips, there was little if any resistance on her part and my tongue slid slowly but forcefully into her mouth. The kiss begun gently as my tongue explored the inside of her mouth slowly, tasting her, feeling the slippery inner lining of her cheeks, until it made contact with her own tongue at which stage it turned into a kiss of pure lust, she now took the initiative and sucked on my tongue as if trying to swallow it, our saliva moved from one mouth to the other and what had started as a tender, gentle, kiss now became a duel of passion. On completion of our first initial kiss she broke the silence, “That was nice Paul but don’t you think you’ve missed several of my birthdays, not to mention Christmases and New Years and now might be the best time to make amends.” I leaned forward and engulfed her mouth with my own, once again pushing my tongue deep into her mouth, one kiss followed another, for what seemed hours, but was probably only a few minutes, we stood exchanging long lustful wet kisses exploring each others mouths our tongues vying for a position of superiority.

My hands left her cheeks and made their way to her beautiful firm orbs, squeezing, massaging and pinching her nipples, she hadn’t stopped me, the renewed aggression and fervour of her kisses left me in no doubt that she was enjoying this as much as I was and wanted more. I begun unbuttoning her blouse and was rewarded with the feel of her silky smooth soft flesh as I caressed her now bare tits, they stood firm and proud from her body, which considering her age and that she had already gone through two childbirths pleasantly surprised me. In between the kissing I looked down at her tits they were about a BB cup, they were capped with amazingly long fat brown nipples, they were absolutely huge, as the blouse had been covering them I had only noticed the tip of them until now, the areola surrounding them were the size of small saucers. I lowered my head and took a nipple in my mouth, “Oh yes, now bite it Paul.” she instructed, I gently bit down on the tip, she groaned, “Harder, harder Paul.” As I obeyed her hand slid down and firmly grasped my fat 8”cock, she wasn’t prepared to mess about, the lady was obviously very horny and wanted to get on with it in earnest.

“Paul, lets get you out of these clothes, I need to suck on that nice juicy cock you have hidden away down there.” It was pleasantly surprising to hear a woman say that and take the initiative, most of the women I had had the pleasure of making love to had always seemed to wait for me to make all the moves, this was the first time that I had been with another woman since my marriage to Helen and although I felt guilty the relentless throbbing in my cock kept me going.

I quickly stripped and my now completely rigid cock stood straight up, the dark purple red head was now awash with sticky transparent precum as it oozed out of the small slit at the tip of the head like a dripping pipe. “ Oh yes that is a nice cock, it obviously runs in the family, I could never get enough of John’s cock, now come and sit here.” She motioned for me to sit on the armchair, I sat, Sue knelt down in front of me, god she smelled great, she had had a shower and her fragrance wafted up to my nostrils intoxicating me, she smelt like a bouquet of wild flowers.

 “I think I’ll need a bit more access, Paul, put her legs over the arms.” I instantly obeyed.

My balls were now hard and pumped up like a pair of footballs, I could almost sense and visualise my hot cum churning and bubbling away like volcano lava within their tight confines. She now moved forward, her tongue lashed out wiping the precum from the head, she stopped for a brief respite as if savouring the taste of my cock and precum as though it was a vintage wine. With one hand she grasped the base of my cock, pulling the skin down to expose my gland fully and with the other cradled my balls, her tongue, now back in action, found the sensitive area of my rod, just below the head and caressed it making it wet with her saliva and then commenced pumping my cock with her hand, I knew that it wasn’t going to be long before I sprayed her with my seed, but she had other ideas. 

Each time I seemed to reach the point of no return she would stop all movement and squeeze the base of my cock for a couple of seconds and once she was sure that my urge to ejaculate had subsided she would go back to her labour. This time she must have appreciated my discomfort and need to release my seed as she lowered her mouth over my cock and slowly and expertly engulfed it inch by inch until the whole length of my rod was encompassed in her mouth and deep in her throat and until I could feel her lips on my now aching balls. She fucked me with her mouth and I could feel her throat muscles seem to clench round the head and squeeze, while her tongue brushed the underside of my rod as her head went up and down. She allowed a considerable amount of saliva to escape her mouth until my cock was completely drenched with her saliva making it slick and wet, as if it was a well lubricated piston. Sue was obviously very skilled in her timing and just as my balls begun their release of my cum she lifted her head upwards so that her mouth was now only covering the bulbous head and begun masturbating me frantically while fondling my globes, this sudden change in tempo acted like a catalyst for an eruption as my hot spunk shot out of the tip of my prick like a bullet and my cock jerked erratically, how Sue managed to keep the head in her mouth is beyond me, the speed and suddenness of it must have caused a splash back as the liquid fruit of my body hit the back of her throat as I could feel some of the warm fluid dripping down on to my balls. I seemed to have buckets full of the stuff, her not letting me cum all those times must have caused an incredible build up of cum and she was obviously grateful for her reward and relishing it as she tried to swallow every last drop, her hand continuing to jerk me in a frenzy of movement. 

I though she had finished but again Sue surprised me as she pulled me forward and engulfed my cock, which to my amazement was still fairly stiff, I had to protest as it was now very tender and tickly, she took my cock out of her mouth and held it while she lowered her head and sucked one ball into her mouth, it felt as though I’d died and gone to heaven as she sucked on one then the other of my spheres, my cock begun twitching and was obviously coming back to life, she now left my balls and begun licking my scrotum with long laboured swipes of her tongue, I was lying back on the armchair fully relaxed and enjoying her attentions when her tongue reached my arse and prodded the small hole in the centre, it was like an electric shock. Sue continued licking me anus and pushing my arse cheeks wide apart rimmed the whole area with her very talented mouth and tongue, she had my legs on her shoulders by then and her hands were free, her index finger quickly found my pucker and she pushed it all the way in, I was shocked to discover that I actually enjoyed it. My cock was now once more hard and the veins stood out visibly along the smooth shaft, if anything it now seemed longer and thicker than ever before.

Once Sue was satisfied with the result, she stood up and I joined her. “Well I don’t know about you Paul but I enjoyed the first act of the show and think I deserve a little something don’t you?” 

What a fantastic wanton slut she was, I grabbed her and begun kissing her, forcing my tongue deep in her mouth and recommencing the duel with her tongue, I moved my hand down and under the skirt, I felt the smooth skin of her thighs just above her stay ups, she parted her legs for me her tongue now deep in my mouth almost down my throat as I sucked on it and savoured the taste of her mouth with the still slight hint of saltiness, the remnants of my cum. My hand now cupped her maidenhood; I was delighted to note from the touch that there was no sensation of the presence of any pubic hair. I could feel the high heat emanating from her hairless cunt as it nestled gently in the palm of my hand, her flimsy silky knickers soaked through with her own juices, I pushed the crouch of her knickers to one side and run my finger along the slit of her cunt and felt the warm sticky sap like liquid of her being, she shuddered as I inserted a finger into her hot hole. We continued feasting on each others mouth as I finger fucked her with now two fingers, the squelching sounds that resulted each time my fingers thrust deep into her were clear evidence of just how hot and wet she now was, it felt as if my fingers were plunging deep into a pot of warm honey. We continued in this mode for a while, her soft moans increasing in volume and decreasing in time separation, I eventually decided to make contact with her clit, as I brushed against it with my finger her immediate reaction was to suck my tongue deep into her mouth as if trying to swallow it. 

Her clit was quite big, long and fat, and completely clear of its confining skin hood, I could feel the hardness of it as it stood to attention like a small penis. I stroked the tip of it with my fingers and gently pinched it; she shuddered, obvious from her reaction and movements that she was in the throws of pleasure. My other hand, which until then had been busy playing and fondling her breasts and pinching and rolling between finger and thumb the two engorged peaks at the summit of each mount; now moved down and behind her and under her arse, I plunged two fingers deep into her soaking cunt, they slid in with ease her juices acting as a thick lubricating oil. Now one hand was busy fingering her, now with three long digits while the other hand’s fingers were busily teasing her inflamed clit. The moans and sighs, together with her cries of wanton lust and adoration now emanating from her mouth, when ever free from sucking on my tongue, were a turn on in themselves. Suddenly she shrieked out loudly and just about audibly, “Eatttt myy cuuntttt noowww nooowww eattt meeee.”

It wasn’t necessary to ask me again, I turned her and pushed her down on the same armchair that I had previously occupied during her oral assault on my own genitals, she positioned herself; her legs splayed out over the arms and pushed her cunt out, so that her arse was several inches above the seat. I quickly kneeled down and without further ceremony plunged my tongue deep into her channel of love savouring the thick sticky sweet juices now flowing like a swollen brook, my lips tight against her bloated juice covered cunt lips. My tongue fucked her funnel thrusting in and out; it was all I could do to manage and swallow all the excess juices now flowing from deep within her. It now felt the right time to suck on her bud, which I had ensured not to touch with my mouth or tongue until this point. I withdrew my mouth and used my tongue to lathe her cunt lips from top to bottom, then moved it further down and licked the area separating her cunt from her arse, I did this a few times and then carried on further licking her star shaped rubbery entrance to her anus, her hands moved to the top of my head holding me there, it was slippery and very moist mainly from her own cunt juices that had trickled down the small distance and along the narrow groove that separated her two fuck holes.
