 We'd known each other for at least four years, but probably hadn't spoken a dozen words to each other. If it weren't for his sister-in-law, BJ, we would never have ended up together. She and I had been friends for several years. Visiting her one afternoon I noticed folded blankets under a pillow in the corner beside the couch. She explained that Kent and Amanda were getting a divorce. He was staying with them for a while. I was still there when he got home from work. He and I ended up talking on the couch long after everyone else had gone to bed. 

For over a month we spent nearly every evening together. Kent would come over after work and go back to BJ's apartment shortly before daylight. We weren't having sex, but there was still plenty of sexual activity happening. He quickly learned what I liked and would tease me for hours. He could make every nerve in my body hum with pleasure and leave me on the edge for what felt like eternity before finally allowing me to explode.

Most of those nights were all about me and I often felt guilty because I wouldn't let him fuck me. He certainly made it clear he wanted to. At first I said no because he was married. Somewhere in the time we spent together though I began to truly care for him. I wouldn't give in then because I had the feeling that if I did I wouldn't see him again. Being the selfish creature that most women are I told him we could do anything he wanted so long as his jeans stayed on. He spent most of a month trying to convince me to change my mind, but never got angry when I refused. 

Lying behind me on the floor one night he had his hand between my thighs, slowly stroking and teasing me while whispering in my ear that the technicality of being married was such a small thing. He trailed kissed down my neck, across my shoulder, and back up to my ear before whispering that I should just give in. Every part of my body screamed yes, but I shook my head no. 

Slipping a finger inside my pussy he whispered in vivid detail how after sending him home every night he jacked off thinking about fucking me, wishing I'd say yes. I moaned at the image he created in my head and lifted my hips, needing more of his touch.  

Sliding two fingers into me he asked, "Does it turn you on to know that you make me suffer? Do you like knowing I dream about fucking your sweet pussy every night?" When I only moaned in response he leaned over me and ran his tongue around each hard nipple. I writhed beneath him, aching for more.

"Please, please," I begged him. I needed the release he withheld from me.

"I want you to watch me," he said quietly. "Will you?"

"Yes," I moaned.

"Will you play with your pussy while you watch me? Will you let me watch you make yourself cum?"

"Yes, yes, anything! Oh fuck, make me cum now," I pleaded.

"Promise me," he said gruffly.

"Yes, YES!" I screamed.

I was nearly crying in desperation before he finally let me cum. 

He moved to kiss me but I turned away as I always did. I wouldn't kiss him but it never seemed to bother him much. He kissed my cheek instead and left me there while he went to the kitchen. When he came back I was sitting on the couch. He pulled the blanket off the back of the couch and covered me with it.

"I have to go," he said, looking down at me.

"Will you be here tomorrow night," I asked him.

"If you want me here." That was always his answer when I asked. 

He kissed the top of my head and left. I curled up on the couch and went to sleep thinking about him.

The next night he showed up late, saying he'd had to work. I didn't mind that he was late; just happy he was there. I was never sure if he'd come back and was always afraid he would just stop seeing me.

He'd brought a movie for us to watch. As I set it up he spread the blanket on the floor. We lay down together and it wasn't long before his hands were wandering over my body. I sat up enough to let him pull the t-shirt I was wearing over my head. It was the only thing I had on. Rolling over on top of me he kissed his way from my neck down to my spread legs. He left a trail of the lightest kisses along my inner thigh almost to my knee. He moved his mouth to my other leg and slowly kissed his way higher. 

The incredible sensation made my pussy soaking wet. My thighs quivered with each kiss. My entire body tingled with the anticipation of his lips and tongue finally making contact with my aching pussy. The anticipation ended when he lightly ran his tongue over my wet slit. He teased my clit until I was whimpering in ecstasy beneath him. I thought about what he'd said the night before. I knew he'd gone home and jacked off again. Picturing it only excited me more. When he slipped two fingers inside me, tongue on my clit, I exploded, squealing in pleasure. 

He kissed my stomach and than lay his head on me. 

"Show me. Let me watch you," I said quietly.

He looked up at me. 

"Please," I said.

He sat up and I watched him take his clothes off. He moved beside me and leaned back against the couch. It was the first time I'd seen him with more than just his shirt off. I let my eyes wander across his body, taking in the sight of him. I watched in the dim light of the television as he slowly started to stroke his hard dick.

Watching him sent that familiar tingle of need through my body. I gently started to rub my clit. I was so turned on watching him that I knew it wouldn't take much before I'd cum. I slipped a finger inside myself while my other hand played with my tits.

"I love to watch you finger yourself," he said with a groan. 

He was stroking his cock faster now, watching me. I slipped a second finger inside my pussy, pushing as deep as I could. He put his other hand behind my head and pulled me to him. I let him kiss me for the first time then. His tongue danced with mine and I could taste myself. I knew in that moment I wouldn't say no again if he asked me for anything. I moved so I was straddling his thighs and put my hand over his. He moved his hand from under mine and it was only a few seconds before he came. Without letting go of him I leaned down and licked his cum off his stomach. I swallowed it and ran my tongue up his dick, licking it clean. I collapsed against him then, head on his chest. He wrapped one arm around me and slid his other hand underneath me. Just as his fingers started to give me my much needed release, his pager went off.

With a groan I moved away and picked it up off the floor by the television, handing it to him. He said it was his brother and he had to go. I sat on the floor with my arms around my knees, watching him dress quickly. A kiss on the top of my head and a promise he'd be back tomorrow was all I got before he was out the door. I showered and went to bed, disappointed that we were interrupted. As I drifted to sleep I decided I was going to give BJ an earful for the interruption. 

I spent the day looking forward to seeing Kent that night. I was a little surprised when he waited for me to open the door when he knocked instead of just walking in like usual. When I opened the door he said we needed to talk. I wanted to slam the door in his face because I knew what was coming next and I didn't want to hear it. 

It wasn't his brother paging him last night; it was his wife. He'd skipped work and spent the day talking with her. They'd been separated for a few months but she told him she wanted to try to work things out. He agreed. He'd only come by to tell me that he couldn't see me anymore. All I could do was say okay. I way trying desperately to not cry in front of him.

It was a week of miserable days after that. I missed him terribly. I couldn't stand it anymore. Every night I lay in my bed thinking about him. I thought about his hands on my body, his kisses, how I ached to discover the feel of his cock buried inside me. It was driving me crazy to know he was so close, but wouldn't come see me.

It was just after midnight when I looked out the window. He was staying in the same apartment complex and I could see the living room light from my window. I knew he was still awake since the light was on. I didn't even bother to get fully dressed. I just pulled on a white t-shirt that fell a few inches below my ass. I walked quickly across the parking lot and looked for his wife's car before knocking softly on the door. I didn't want to wake anyone else inside up, but was hoping it was loud enough for him to hear. I waited a minute and was about to knock again when he opened the door. He looked surprised to see me.

"I need to talk to you," I said simply.

He stepped outside, wearing just his jeans, which I noticed were zipped but unbuttoned. He shut the door behind him.

"You shouldn't be outside dressed like that," he said as he looked me up and down. 

It was late and few people were up. I wasn't worried about anyone seeing me and didn't really care if anyone did. 

I pushed him against the wall and kissed him hard. I was half afraid he'd push me away, but he didn't. His arms went around me, his hands on my ass pulling me hard against him. We kissed for a long time before he pushed me away. 

"That's one hell of a talk," said with a smile. "I want you and it is driving me crazy to know you are so close but won't come see me," I said a little breathless.

"I can't. It isn't right to be there when she wants to work things out."

"Just one night. Come stay with me tonight. No one will know, I promise."

"No," he said.

"Please, just for tonight," I was begging him. I hated that I was begging, but I couldn't stop myself. I wanted him so much it had become an ache inside me.

He started to step away from me but I moved faster than he did. I pushed him back against the wall and kissed him again. I started rubbing his dick through his jeans. With a groan he slid his hand down my body to my ass again. I put my knee against the wall beside him, spreading my legs open. I felt his hand move between my legs. When his fingers moved across my wet pussy he moaned and shoved me away roughly. I looked up at him and then put my head against his chest.

"I want you," he said gruffly.

"Come home with me. Just one night."

"Let me tell them I'm leaving. BJ's still up."

I moved away and let him go inside. He came back out a minute later. Without saying anything he took my hand and we walked over to my apartment. We got inside and I led him back to my bedroom. There was enough light coming through my window that we could see each other clearly. I stood in front of him beside my bed and took my shirt off, dropping it at my feet. He was still only wearing jeans and I reached to unzip them. I pulled his jeans off and went down on my knees. I wanted to suck his dick but it was so big I couldn't even get it into my mouth. I stroked and licked him instead. He had his hands on my head, and I could hear him breathing harder.

He whispered, "Let me touch you."

I stood up and he gently pushed me onto the bed. I scooted back so I was laying across it and he got on the bed with me. He kissed his way up my body from my soaking wet pussy to my neck. 

"Are you sure?" he asked, looking me in the eyes.

I knew what he was asking. This was a one time thing. One night only. He would not be back.

"Fuck me," I answered.

He sat up and spread my legs wide. With his hands spreading my pussy open I felt his cock push against my dripping hole. I could feel it stretching my pussy wide as he pushed slowly into me. I screamed in pain.

"I'm sorry," he said quickly pulling away from me.

"No. I want to feel you inside me," I said hoarsely.

I moved my legs apart wider and spread myself open for him.

"Do it fast," I told him.

His hands were on my thighs, holding my legs apart as he pushed his cock into me. I screamed in pain again, pushing my hands against his chest to stop him. He didn't stop though. He pushed me down harder, holding me still and thrust inside me with one fast move. Pain ripped through my body and I couldn't stop my tears. 

He stayed still for a moment and then began to slowly push his cock deeper into my aching pussy. He leaned down to kiss me but I turned away from him, not wanting him to see the tears in my eyes. He teased my clit as he fucked me slow and deep. He used his teeth on my tits and the pleasure soon overrode the pain. I began to move with him. My hands were on his ass, pulling him deeper inside me with each thrust.

"Oh god. Yes. Fuck me," I moaned.

He fucked me faster and harder until he was slamming into my stretched pussy. He fucked me until I came, my entire body shuddering with the intensity of it.

"Get on top. I want to watch you cum next time," he said against my neck.

I pushed him to roll over and his cock slid from my drenched pussy. I straddled him and took his dick in my hand, guiding it into me. I lowered myself onto it slowly, letting it fill my pussy. I rode him then, feeling his cock impale me every time I slammed down. I couldn't get enough of him and I came over and over again. I rode him until I couldn't move anymore and he still hadn't cum. He put his hands under my legs and sat up, laying me back on the bed as he did. Moving up to his knees, holding my legs over his shoulders I could feel my own cum running out of my pussy. He rammed into me then. The harder he fucked me the more I begged him not to stop. I ached but I loved the feeling. After what felt like hours he asked if he could cum inside me.

"Anywhere you want," I answered.

He buried his dick in me then and I could feel his cum shooting into me. He pulled out and lay beside me, both of us panting for breath. I rolled onto my stomach and lay there with my head on my arms looking at him. 

"Will you stay all night," I asked him.

"No. I shouldn't have come here tonight. It was a mistake."

I sat up then, angry and hurt. 

"Don't you dare say that. You've been begging to fuck me and all I did was give you what you wanted, what we both wanted. You could have said no," I was almost yelling at him.

"Has anyone ever said no when you've thrown yourself at them?" he said.

"I have never thrown myself at anyone," I said with all the dignity I could muster, but I knew he could see me blushing.

"I know better than that but I'm sorry for making you mad," he said quietly.

"Shut up," I said and lay back down beside him. His remark about throwing myself at him had taken away all my anger. 

He put his arm around me and scooted closer to me. After a minute he said he'd stay the night.

We drifted in a semi-sleep state for a while before I roused him, whispering dirty details of what I wanted him to do to me. He laughed, but was more than willing to accommodate me. We finally fell asleep about an hour before dawn. 

When I woke up the next morning he was gone and my entire body was sore from the night we'd spent together. I saw him a few days later when I was outside. He was putting boxes of his stuff from the apartment into his truck. I stood there with an ache in my heart knowing he was going back to his wife. Lucky her.