 If you have read our adventures in CFNM you will know that we hold lingerie and toy parties. This occurred at one of these.

We started as always, everyone has plenty to drink is more relaxed about showing how interested they are in the products. The ladies had tried on risqué clothing and looked at all the toys with much hilarity and not a little crudity. This time they seemed focused on the 9" black strap-on and the butt plugs and dildos that were amongst the toys. They wondered how they could use them on their husbands. After some hilarious conversation about seeing their husband being taken with one, they came to the conclusion that their men just wouldn't let it happen. There were of course suggestions that they could use them on each other but there were no obvious lesbians there.

About this time I offered, as I always do, for the ladies to have a model for the men's outfits. They were all up for it and made comments about some of them being see through and we would see his cock. Those who had been before knew about Allan and his 'modelling'.

Allan (my hubby) arrived from wherever he had been waiting for my call and I introduced him, not telling them he was my hubby and the ladies that had been to previous parties didn't spill the beans. Allan went through the modelling and eventually ended up with his cock on view, albeit through the materiel. Many of them looked closely but didn't make a move. One of the ladies that had been before just reached up and removed the thong and Allan was naked.

The newcomers were amazed that she had stripped him without a thought and a bit reticent about doing anything but some good natured stroking did eventually occur. One of the ladies, Amanda, asked if they could try out the toys on him and I agreed to that as did Allan so they tried cock rings and ones with vibrators getting him really hard. One or two of the smaller butt plugs were tried out with no objection from Allan. Amanda then asked about the strap-on and I thought that Allan would say no. He was reticent at first as it was quite large but, not wanting to spoil the fun he agreed to it, and I wanted to see it happen.

Amanda put the strap-on on and asked Allan to bend over the table. She applied a lot of lubricant on the business end and also on his arse. She started to massage the lube in and even put her finger up him which he obviously enjoyed. Then she placed the tip of the cock portion at his little hole and started to push it in.

Allan was still very tight as his arse was virgin apart from the small butt plugs they had already tried. Some of the ladies were cheering her on and telling Amanda to really give him a good seeing to. She slowly penetrated him and then withdrew then a bit more all to comments such as 'drive it home'. Amanda was obviously aware of how tight Allan was and took her time rather than giving it all she could.

Allan was finding it a bit uncomfortable until Amanda hit his prostrate and his cock sprang up. There were cheers all round when this happened, and he was obviously very aroused by it. Pretty soon he shot his load all over the rug but Amanda just carried on and he stayed hard. The other women decided to try other things so he had a vibrating cock ring on and a cock up his arse.

Allan spewed spunk a second time, albeit somewhat less than the first time. Many of the ladies decided that they would use the twelve inch vibrating dildo on him instead of the strap on. Allan wasn't sure as it was bigger in every dimension but by now there was no stopping the women. 

The dildo went in and Caroline who was the perpetrator pushed and twisted until it was all in. Then she switched the vibrate function on and as it pulsed along its length and vibrated Allan responded. All the time the women were cheering or cat calling. Some even suggested that he was gay as he enjoyed his arse being penetrated. The ladies who had attended before assured them he wasn't as he had had his cock inside many women.

After one last massive orgasm Allan collapsed exhausted and they all enjoyed his weakness and teased him a lot about not being able to control himself. Allan later admitted that even the teasing had been exciting in a way but it wasn't up to the point of his wanting to be dommed.

The intensity of the orgasms had exceeded almost everything he had ever had.

After they had all left and Allan had helped the hostess clear up his 'mess' he did admit that he had never been so excited and might like to enjoy it with me at sometime.

I told some of our 'friends' about the event and we arranged for them all to be in attendance while Allan got used again.