 The masked ball wasn't his kind of thing, but he had been talked into going by some friends of his, after weeks of cajoling, he had given in. The costume he had hired from a local shop made him look like an extra from some Jane Austen novel, long boots, tight britches and filly shirt with oversized cuffs. Looking at himself in the mirror, he put on the mask and thought to himself what a dick he looked! But hey ho, it might push some fair maiden's buttons!

The taxi pulled up at the hotel entrance and after paying off the driver, he climbed the steps to the imposing building. As he entered the lobby, he was glad to see plenty of other people dressed in a similar fashion to him milling around and heading towards the function room.

It was all very well done, the room had been decked out as it should be for the period, with a group of musicians at one end playing the kind of music he assumed was fitting. There seemed to be broadly an equal numbers of men & woman in the room, with a smattering of suitably dressed male & female servants mingling amongst the guests, distributing drinks & nibbles.

The one thing that caught his eye about the female costumes was the abundance of bosoms on show. Looks like our ancestors had got one thing right about the dress code, he thought! Out of the corner of his eye he spotted someone waving at him and after a few seconds he recognised his friends, the masks were effective in disguising your features.

The main part of the evening was spent mingling with them and some acquaintances of theirs, a few dances, which he wasn't too keen on, a few drinks and the occasional visit to the buffet table. After a couple of hours he was feeling a bit hot and decided to pop outside to the veranda for some fresh air. 

He closed the French doors behind him, sucking in a deep breath of cool air, before exhaling slowly. 

'It was getting a bit warm in there wasn't it?' a female voice remarked. He turned to his right and could just make out the shape of someone leaning against a wall smoking a cigarette, a few feet away. 

He walked towards the figure and responded, 'Sure was, don't think these outfits help!' 

She laughed, 'Your right can't wait to get out of mine!' 

As he got closer, he saw she was wearing a black evening dress with a scooped neckline, which showed off her magnificent bosom, a man could die happy in there he pondered. Long black silk gloves covered most of her arms and as his gaze dropped lower he could just make out her feet, she was wearing strappy sandals.

She saw that he had noticed her chest and she smiled to herself and thought she might tease him. 'See anything you like?' 

What the hell he thought nothing wrong with a flirt. 'For sure, what red blooded man wouldn't notice your considerable assets!' 

They both giggled, 'Kelly' she quipped.

'Chris' he responded.

They chatted, finding out a little of each other. Both there after persuasion of friends, both single, he divorced, she separated. She in her forties; he early fifties, they hit it off really well and the eye contact was great, she was definitely into this scenario. After 15 minutes or so of chatting & flirting, she said she had better get back to her friends and they made their way back through the French doors into the main room. They shared one dance together, before going their separate ways.

He caught glimpses of her over the next hour or so, chatting with people, dancing, it seemed she was really getting into the whole affair. He checked his watch it was approaching 10pm and he was becoming bored with the evening and began to consider making an exit. Just then he spotted Kelly standing near the French doors again, she was obviously going for a cigarette break he thought, then he realised she was beckoning him, curling her finger at him, inviting him outside, he was curious as to what she wanted.

He made his way across to her and as he got nearer, he could make out the curve of her hips under the dress, her blonde hair pinned up so he could see nape of her neck, the ribbons criss crossing over her back on her dress. 

He stood next to her and was about to speak when she put a finger to his lips and said 'Follow me!' slightly taken aback, he nodded his agreement and followed her through the French doors.

She headed across the veranda, out onto the lawn and into the darkness. She was a few paces ahead of him and as they got further away from the hotel, out of the darkness loomed a domed marble structure. He saw her climb the steps, before momentarily disappearing from his sight, 

he looked back to check they'd not been followed by anyone, before climbing the steps himself. Kelly was seated on a marble bench in a small alcove..... He moved towards her, she looked up and smiled at him. 

'What's going on?' he asked.

'Chris, just go with it, I promise you won't regret it!'

'Ok' he replied. 

Kelly swung her feet off the bench and onto the floor, holding out one gloved hand to beckon him closer. He walked towards her, his eyes raked over her body, looking her up and down now that she was closer, her blonde hair pinned up off her neck, her large firm breasts encased in the restricting black dress that curved in to her waist and back out over her hips. The layers of fabric making up the skirt had risen up and revealed her feet with dark red painted toenails, covered by sandals

He could only see her lips clearly, they were glossy and full ......the rest of her face was hidden by the ornate mask, he stared into her blue eyes as she met his gaze and he sensed her excitement. 

Once he was in front of her she slid her hands up his legs to the front of his britches before unbuttoning them, smiling again as she realised he wore no underwear, then sliding one hand inside to caress his cock. Chris was already aroused but the unusual sensation of a hand covered in a silk glove closing around him was so good that he immediately grew harder. 

Kelly remained seated in front of him, she freed his hard cock from his britches and ran a gloved finger from his balls to the tip before cupping his balls in her hand and squeezing...then she leant forward and ran her tongue along his shaft before closing her mouth over his cock and sliding it down him in one long movement. He breathed in sharply, her hands were squeezing his balls, her tongue rubbed along his length and he could feel the head of his cock sliding towards the back of her throat. Her full lips were closed tightly around him and he could feel his whole cock being engulfed by her mouth. She held him there, sucking, biting lightly and squeezing him....he looked down at her......and watched as this masked woman sucked his cock passionately. 

It had been a few months since Chris had been with a woman & the urge to bury himself deep into Kelly's hot, wet pussy was overwhelming and he grabbed her arms, pulling her to him to kiss her. He forced his tongue into her mouth, kissing her deeply.........then he pushed her back against the wall of the small alcove, hearing her gasp with surprise at his quick movement.

He ran his hands up her legs, pulling the soft layers of the dress up roughly over her thighs and using his knee to spread her legs apart. He kissed her hard again, sucking her tongue and nibbling her bottom lip as he held her against the wall with one hand and ran the other up her inner thigh to her pussy. He was surprised but turned on to find that she wore no panties and had a shaved pussy. He ran his fingers over her bare lips, they were already wet and he slid one between them to stroke her clit. 

Kelly moaned at that and he kissed her again to muffle the noise. She pushed her hips back against him and he slid his finger lower, resting it against the entrance to her pussy. Chris could smell her arousal, this woman was soaking wet, as horny as hell and so ready to be fucked. He plunged a finger into her pussy, as deep and hard as he could, testing to see how easily his cock would slide into her......she was tight, her pussy gripped at his finger but he added a second to stretch her and moved them in and out, enjoying her obvious pleasure.

He removed his fingers, licking her juice off them as she watched him, then he turned her around to face the wall. She pushed her hips out back toward him, almost presenting her bare ass to him. He spread her legs apart with his knee and pressed against her so he could rub his hard cock along her pussy, parting her lips with it then moving back to rest the head of his cock at her entrance. He held his cock and guided it into her, just a little way.......then he pushed her arms up above her head against the wall and placed his hands over hers, holding them flat. Kelly was pinned against the cool marble wall with nothing to do but allow him to control her as he held her in place. 

Once he was ready, Chris pushed a little more into her, feeling the head of his cock stretch her and slide into her wet pussy....then he thrust forward in one hard movement, filling her and burying his whole cock inside her, till their bodies met and his skin smacked against her rounded bare ass. 

Kelly moaned long and loud when he surged into her, this is what she wanted, to be taken by her man, to submit to his desire. Chris ground his hips against her, moving his cock slightly inside her to rub her g-spot. He moved her hands together above her head, holding them with just one of his, then moved the other one down to stroke her clit. 

He pressed his finger between the lips of her wet sex and rubbed over her hard clit firmly then began to pump in and out of her body, fucking her deep, hard and fast. As he fucked her hot, soaking wet pussy and rubbed her clit he bent down to suck and bite her shoulder.......he closed his eyes, focusing on the feeling of her pussy gripping his rock hard cock. Kelly was moaning constantly and he felt her clamp down on him as she began to orgasm. He felt his cock swell and next his hot cum was racing from his balls, through his cock and into her hot, wet pussy.

Chris leaned against the Kelly's back, placing his hands on the wall so he didn't crush her against it. His breathing was fast and deep, he could feel his heart racing and his cock beginning to soften and slide out of her. He stepped back and buttoned himself up, then turned her around..........he couldn't see much of Kelly's face as her mask was still in place but he could see her lips were swollen and she was breathing heavily. 

He knelt down in front of her, raising her left leg over his shoulder.....he leant forward and began to run his tongue along her pussy, licking their combined cum from her as it trickled out of her pussy. Chris continued with slow soft strokes until she grabbed his hair and held him in place, shaking as she came one more time, a short and noisy orgasm onto his tongue.

He gently placed her foot back on the floor, pulled her dress back down over hips and legs. They kissed passionately, their tongues duelling, she could taste their juices. This was just the beginning of the night she thought.... wait till she got him back to her room!