 Having the day off did nothing to lessen the stress in your day. Kids to school. Lawyer to interview. Papers to obtain, which meant unpleasant phone calls to endure.

I could hear the faint hopelessness in your voice when i called to check on you about 3. The day had overwhelmed you. I could see you clearly, seated at your computer, thick woven sweater, snug jeans. Searching for the distraction from recent reality that would settle your thoughts.

I left early searching for the things I knew would ease your mind. leave you in the peaceful cushion of affection and strength that allowed you to believe that anything is possible, and everything would be all right soon.

The plan was simple, the supplies easily obtained, even in the icebound small Maine town. Before 4, I pulled up to your door, and strode to your door. Anticipation of your reaction to my presence warmed me against the frigid weather.

You were so distracted by the events of the day, the door sat unlocked. I slipped inside quietly, the house was silent save the persistent taps and clicks from the computer inside. Lost in the intricacies of your newest creation, I slipped up behind you, placing a steaming cup of tea on your right, and a single red rose on your left. As you begin to turn toward me, I place my hands on your soft cheeks. I lean down and whisper softly, 'Just relax baby, let me love you for a while.'

I feel your eyes close and your cheeks rise into a slight smile as my fingers trace a line along your jaw and over your temples. Reaching your scalp, my fingers fan out, tenderly gliding through your soft blond hair. reaching to the back of your head I remove the clip holding your hair up, allowing it to cascade over your shoulders, and freeing my fingers to begin their journey.

My fingertips fan evenly along the top of your scalp, and I begin a slow and firm circular motion massaging the entire scalp. Releasing your hair fills the room with the fresh clean scent Ive grown to associate with you. and as my hands reach the back of your head, the quiet catching of your breath speaks loudly to me of how much you are enjoying this.

When i find the base of your skull, I pull my fingers together and slowly drift them along the ridge to your ears, up wards along the back of your ears, and then down toward your earlobes. I pinch the lobes, rotating my grip on them releasing the pressure points hidden there. your head is beginning to rock back and forth in time with my circular motion. I rotate my grip up onto the cartilage of your ear, drop down to the ridge of bone behind the ear, and then forward to the hollow just under your jaw. Using all 4 fingers on each side, i softly rotate massaging the glands and muscles there.

Placing my thumbs at the base of your skull I begin to press against the middle of your neck. Firmly gliding from hairline to the curve of your shoulder as my thumbs reach the base of your neck my fingers are placed along the sides. I use the support of my hands along the sides of your neck to begin to rotate your head from side to side and front to back. Stretching your neck, working the knots out as I go. You have released control of your head to me now. It lolls freely as I manipulate you. your breathing is shallower than before, but your skin is beginning to flush as the room gets warmer.

Feeling your head moving freely in my hands, I slide my left hand gently across your collarbone to the top of your shoulder. Pressing down firmly on your shoulder and against your head I'm able to loosen the tender muscles joining your neck and shoulder. Pressing your shoulder forward and back releases more muscles, bringing small gasps from your mouth.

In the soft glow of the screen I can see your lips slightly parted as you breathe softly. Shifting from left to right shoulder, your neck is remarkable, limbered and loose. gripping both shoulders I turn your chair toward me. not facing me, but a quarter turn to the left. I softly slip my hands down your left arm, grasping your delicate, yet strong hands in mine. Using both hands together, your hands feel so small and fragile as I begin to knead at the heel of your palm. slowly circling the soft pads of your palm I can feel the tension leave you visibly. eyes closed now, head back, absorbing the love I am offering.

I continue my journey to the base of your fingers. I take the thumb in one hand and the fingers in the other. After a few minutes, I slide my hands back up your arm, across your shoulder.over the opposite side and back down. Following the same finger and hand procedure, I slide back up your arm, Ending at the base of your skull where I started.

Then I begin the slow descent down your back. But to accomplish this, I need you out of this sweater. Standing to your side, I lean down and slide my hand under your legs. Your arms wrap familiarly around my neck, your chin nuzzled against my broad shoulder. I lift you smoothly and carry you to the bed. Placing you softly among the pillows and blankets, you look at me for the first time. A single tear rolling down your cheek as you try to speak. I gently touch your lips, lean close to you, kissing the tear away. I whisper to you 'Later my love, Just relax. Its just us now.'

Your arms go taut around me, as your body slumps into my chest. I hole you gently for several minutes as your shudders slow, your breathing steadies. My fingers fanned out under the heavy sweater roaming tenderly across your smooth warm skin.

I softly kiss your neck and you loosen your grip and allow me to remove the sweater. Rolling you onto your tummy, I straddle your hips. Knowing this is where the afternoon would lead, I have a small bottle of massage oil to help relax you. Rubbing it into my hands, the scent fills the room. You purr softly, recognizing it, knowing this is to be an extended pleasure for both of us.

I place my slick hands at the small of your back and smoothly glide up. Over the swell of your ribs, along the edge of your shoulder blades, finally reaching the joint of your arms. Flattening my palms I press down and move toward your spine from both sides. Your skin slightly glistens with the oil, leaving you practically glowing in the fading light of sunset. I Pour some oil directly onto you, at the base of your neck, quickly following the stream down your spine with firm fingers, spreading the soothing slipperiness across your entire body.

As I slide my hands across your skin, I match my pace to your steady breathing. My thumbs hard against your spine, palms pressing against your shoulder blades, Fingers tickling your ribs as they dance along your skin. On the way down your spine i place my fingers along either side of your spine and glide in a slow circular motion, finding every knot and tightness, gently pressing it from you.

Looking down at you, I am amazed at the beauty, strength, and genuine love that radiates from you. And so thankful that it is focused on me. My hands sliding across your body are working their magic. Your breathing is deep and even, your muscles are relaxed and supple. Your hips are beginning to ever so slightly rock against me. I cant help but smile.

Moving down your body, I remove your thick socks, revealing your delicate pale feet. I spread oil along the soles, making you tense slightly, but with fingers firm enough that you are not tickled. Using my thumbs to press at the soft points at the base of your heels and rotating forward toward the ball of your foot. Your toes noticeable loosen and relax as i work my way to them, flexing them gently, stretching the tiny muscles that connect all the way to your scalp.

You begin to purr softly as I roll you over and continue to run my thumbs over the top of your foot to your ankles. As I do this I twist your arches slightly against my fingers underneath. Your eyes are gently closed, lost in the feelings and release between us. A delicious aspect of our relationship from our first meeting is our ability to transfer emotion and need from one to the other. This intimate emotional connection increases tenfold with such close physical contact. A wondrous quality neither of us ever knew existed, but has become an unspoken constant between us.

As my hands reach the cuff of your jeans, the first voluntary movement you have made is to deftly unbutton them and raise your hips, offering the rest of your body to me. Pulling from the cuffs as you slide from the waist, we work your legs free. You lay before me, I cannot help but stop to take in the intense beauty. Every time I see you it sends shivers through me. Gentle soft curves. Smooth pale skin. An intoxicating mix of raw beauty, tender innocence, loving sensuality, and fierce loyalty wrapped in the most blindingly beautiful body I have ever imagined. My every dream laid out before me, and offered to me willingly and with deep and abiding love and devotion. How could I not love you in every way possible?

Applying more oil, I begin to run my hands up your calves. Years of heels have left them firm and strong, but also sensitive and responsive to kneading and relaxing. I cup my hands behind your calves, my fingers nearly meeting your shin and begin to strongly squeeze the entire muscle. Gripping it with my whole palm. After a few minutes i can feel your feet go slack and your knees turn slightly, opening your legs lust a slight bit. I also begin to notice a new scent mixing with the oil. again I cant help but breathe deeply and smile.

I lift your right ankle in both hands, resting it on my shoulder. placing both hands at your knees i begin massaging up toward your ankle along your calves. Thumbs digging into the hard muscle, fingers lightly gliding over your soft skin. I repeat the process on your left calf and proceed back up to your knee. Light tickling touches behind your knee bring a soft grin to your face as you snuggle deeper into the sea of fluffy bedding.

I proceed up your left thigh, stretching the tight hamstrings, and firmly sliding my hands down the length of them to the swell of your butt. Circling gently to the sides of your thigh I proceed back toward your knee. I rotate form leg to leg for several cycles your body becoming both more relaxed and more responsive as my attentions continue. your breathing is now deeper, yet still even and calm. your skin is soft but noticeably warmer to the touch. You have a soft purr deep in your chest, and the emerging scent of you dominates the room.

With each pass down your thighs, my hands venture closer to your sex. the softness of your skin glistens with wetness I can feel before even approaching your mound. when your hips begin to rise to my hands, I softly place just the tips of my fingers along the outside of your lips and gently rub the moisture into you. Your lips are beginning to open with wetness and excitement as i massage closer to them. Your hips grind against the pressure. Working to get my fingers closer to you.

I explore you from the tuft of hairs above your slit, to the swell of your ass between your legs tenderly, but constantly moving closer to you. Suddenly, you rise up and my finger dips into the wetness you have created, sliding smoothly to the very opening of your pussy. I hold it just at the opening watching your face as you grind toward me. Slowly I press two fingers into you feeling you flex around me, but not wanting to end this, I push them in and pull them out directly.

For the first time your eyes shoot open at their withdrawal, you see me bring them to my mouth and taste you deeply. sliding my other hand directly to your soaking clit, I share the second finger with you. You suck hungrily at the juices, as you groan at my touch. Knowing you are close, I slide two fingers down to your opening and continue deep into you. Feeling the wetness covering them I search the front wall of you for the spot I want. Finding it just inside and hard against the wall of you, I point directly at it and press using a firm circular motion. At the same time I curl my thumb to rub your clit at the same pace and stroke.

You almost instantly go stiff and cry out as you clench tightly around my hand. Nails digging into my arm, legs wrapping tight around me. Your cum lasts for almost 2 minutes before you relax your grip and fall back to the bed gasping. Exhausted but relaxed and radiant. Your eyes look lazily up at me and your hand gently touched my scarred arm. you pull me toward you kiss me softly and whisper 'Thank you, my love.'

In the fog of orgasm and relief, you drift softly to sleep in mid sentence. I cover you with blankets and place you on pillows to let you rest. an hour later you wake to new smells in the small house. I have pizza for us. Nothing fancy, but your favorite, and something we can share.

You come to the couch dressed in a thick robe and sit gently on my lap. wrapping your arms around me and kissing me deeply you ask, 'what did I do to deserve US?'

Kissing you back i whisper to you, 'This is what we always deserved, now we have it.'