 We are naked on the bed. You are face down, and I am giving you a massage. We have a porn on to heighten the mood, but it isn't really necessary. I start on your shoulder, rubbing the oil in. You can feel my cock starting to grow, nestled nicely between your ass cheeks as I work the oil in. I leave your shoulders, and rub your side my hands caress your breasts. You raise yourself to allow me to work my hands under you, but I resist temptation.

I start to work the small of your back, wanting to get my hands on your nice ass and finally I work the oil into your sweet ass cheeks. I want to follow that line to a pussy that I know is nice and wet, but there is no hurry, we have all the time in the world.

I massage your thighs now. You spread your legs, and I am able to see that dripping pussy for the first time. I just want shove my tongue there, but your massage is not complete. My work takes me to your calves, and then to your feet. You moan in a way I know is more stress relief than sexual. 

You think I'm done, but roll you over and lay your head on my inner thighs. You take my cock in-between your beautiful lips. I fight the urge to let you continue, and pull my now wet cock out of your mouth.

Still massaging you I work the oil into your arms. I lovingly rub one arm and then the next before I finish I put more oil on my hands and start to gently massage you breasts. I noticed your hand go down between your legs and I tell you to stop.

I'm beside you now, not wanting to leave your breasts and rock hard nipples. I work down your stomach, and spread your thighs. I can smell your juices, and it's making me harder. I begin to massage the one thing you really wanted me to, your hard little clit. You Moan deeply when first I touch it.

Your body jerks. I look at your naked body, glistening from the oil you are so beautiful. Your hands go to your breasts as I play with your clit. I leave it be for a moment and slide my finger down between your moist lips; you arch your back, wanting my finger in you. I slip two fingers easily into your pussy, as you grind your hips against my hand.

I feel your wetness, your juices are flowing down to your tight virgin ass. I know you don't want it touched but it get a devilish grin on my face and pull my fingers out of your pussy.

Before you can complain, I slowly slide one finger back into your pussy and the other into your tight ass. You want to complain but the feeling it too good. You moan when my thumb starts to rub your throbbing clit. You get into a grove that I know if I continue you will cum. I don't want you to cum just yet.

I pull my hand away; you protest, until you feel the head of my cock rubbing against your clit. You groan when I run my head between your lips, getting it nice and wet. Then when you aren't expecting it I plunge my cock into your wet pussy. You let out a gasp because you were not expecting it. You quickly wrap your legs around my waist.

Our bodies naturally find a good rhythm. I can feel my balls tighten I want to cum but I not finished taking care you yet and so I pull my cock out of your hot wetness and lay down beside you. You know what I want. You straddle my face and lower you mouth onto my wet cock.

I almost forget your wet pussy is an inch from my face, as your mouth feels so incredibly wonderful on my cock. You take me deep into your mouth, tasting yourself on my hard cock. That is when I open my eyes and see your wet open pussy with in reach of my tongue.

I grab your hips and pull your sweet lips down to mine. I scoop my tongue into your pussy. I taste your honey for the first time. I can not describe the taste. So sweet. I drive my tongue into you. Wanting all of you. I feel you moan on my cock. It feels so good in your mouth. I want so badly to cum.

I then realize that I haven't touched your hard little clit. I flick it with the tip of my tongue. I am rewarded with a flush of your cream. You start to grind your pussy into my face. My cock pops out of your mouth as you groan in pure joy. You tell me to eat you out, that you are going to cum. I keep up the pressure on your clit. I can barely breath as you get closer to cumming, but I don't care. I want your cum. I grab your ass again as you start to scream as you cum on my face. I keep up my licking, and you beg me to stop. You give my cock one last deep throat, before you spin around and are face to face with me. You kiss and lick my face, getting as much of your pussy off my face as you can. You tongue fuck my mouth at the same time you slide your slick hole onto my cock. You are so warm and wet. We keep kissing as you move your hips. You move your hips, not really up and down, just grinding.

We continue to kiss my hands in your hair. You push yourself up, I watch as your hair falls over your face; your eyes are closed, as you ride my cock. I reach out and take your breasts in my hands. You lean forward, pressing them into my hands. We stay like that for awhile, enjoying the feeling, not really fucking but being as one.

All of a sudden your eyes fly open and you get off of me just long enough to turn around and slide back over me. You fuck me hard for a few minutes, then you slow down and put your hands between our legs. One hand is working your clit, the other is milking my balls, encouraging me to cum. I'm fighting it, but then you start to scream, and I feel the warmth of your cum flowing out of you and over my balls. It's too much for me to handle. I grab your hips and slam into you right before I explode deep in your pussy.

Just as I think we are going to collapse into each other's arms, you jump off of me and before I know what is happening you have your lips wrapped around my cock. The sensations are incurable, and they have your desired effect, keeping me hard.

You get on your hands and knees. Shaking your ass at me, you ask me to fuck you from behind. As I approach you, still weak kneed; I see our combined juices trickling out of your pussy. I give your clit a little tap with the head of my cock, before I centre myself with your pussy. You thought I would slowly go into you, but instead I slam my cock into you hard, and I'm rewarded with a gasp and a moan. We fuck nice and hard then I slow down.

I reach under you to play with your clit you orgasm yet again. You try stop me saying that you don't want to cum, you just want to fuck hard. I grab your hips and follow your instructions. You match my thrusts. I can last a little longer, but it is too much for me to handle. With the smell of sex in the air, I let out a deep groan, and cum in you for the second time.

Exhausted we collapse and curl up together spooning, my arm around you, hand in hand, we fall asleep.