 Four hundred acres may or may not be a lot where you're from, but I grew up in a city, so it felt like an incredible amount of space. The place belonged to the parents of a friend of mine, named Jessie, and a group of our friends had driven out to celebrate a long weekend and enjoy the latter part of the summer. Jessie was a close friend, and also a total babe. She could ski, surf, climb, and hike as well as anyone in our crew. For good measure, she was short and blonde, with incredible eyes and an exquisitely fit physique. Our relationship had always been a bit... interesting. 

We had met at a Glitch Mob show, where we had been drinking along with a few friends. We had flirted pretty aggressively almost immediately, and had a great night. As the night wound down, however, it slowly dawned on me that despite what had passed between us, she already had some relationship with a very good friend of mine, named Charlie. They ended up spending the night together, and I shrugged the whole thing off as a fluke.

As it turned out however, none of those events was entirely a fluke. Jessie and Charlie developed a long-term relationship, I remained good friends with both of them, and Jessie and I continued to engage in behavior that was not entirely appropriate under the circumstances. We would often flirt with each other, more subtly when Charlie was around and more blatantly when he was not. On camping trips that Charlie didn't come on, she would always insist on sleeping in my tent, and we would always end up cuddling just a little more intimately than was proper. It never went past that though, and for a few years, that was a status quo that worked for everyone. As it turned out though, there was quite a bit more simmering beneath the surface. 

The drive had been long, but as we bounced up the last bit of gravel road, I was amazed at where we had arrived. The house sat on a low hill overlooking the spread, which included forest and fields, and a pond with a clearing near it. We would be camping in the clearing. We drove our trucks down there and mixed drinks while we set up camp. The whole scene was rather idyllic, and we were soon having a great time adventuring through the trees, four-wheeling along the various dirt tracks that wound through the property, and swimming in the pond. 

The day passed very enjoyably, and as night fell we retreated to the beach in front of the pond to build a roaring campfire. My truck was packed with firewood, so I drove it down to the lakeshore so we wouldn't have to carry it all down. With tailgate down and a down comforter tossed in the bed, it doubled nicely as a couch. The drinking continued unabated as we cooked dinner and blazed a few joints. The night was warm, but we had tons of wood to burn off, so we kept the fire pretty well stoked. 

As the night wound down and people one by one tottered off to sleep, we found ourselves down to just the three of us, Jessie, Charlie, and I. The clear skies and remote location left us with an incredible view of the stars, and our conversation gradually trailed off, as the three of us reclined on our respective sides of the dying fire and took in their majesty. 

Time passes slowly at times like that, but after what must have been fifteen or twenty minutes, I realized that the fire had burned down completely, and I was getting a bit cold. However, I still didn't feel a strong urge to retire, so I stood up and got some more wood off the pile and stoked the fire back to life. 

My rustling around brought Jessie out of her reverie. "Thanks, babe," she smiled at me with half-lidded eyes. 

"Well, somebody has to keep us warm tonight," I joked.

She smirked. "I don't think this guy is up to the task," she said, looking at Charlie, who seemed thoroughly passed out at this point, and then back at me. 

Not quite catching her meaning, I replied, "Yeah, you should probably drag him off to bed. He looks like he's gonna need some help there." I grinned and shook my head at his stupor. 

A shadow of disappointment flitted across her face, but she shrugged and shook Charlie awake. He struggled to come around, but eventually realized what was going on, and they slowly, awkwardly crunched their way up the walk toward the main house, where they were staying. I was left with a good buzz, the last beer in the cooler, and a decent fire, and went back to contemplating the stars and wondering how bad the hangovers would be in the morning (As it turned out, they were pretty awful.)

Soon enough, however, I was surprised to once more hear the crunch of someone walking down the path from the house. I sat up to see who, or what, was coming for me, and was mildly surprised to see Jessie emerging from the darkness into the glow of the campfire, having changed into sweats and a tee shirt. She slowed to a stop across the fire from me, and looked at me somewhat contemplatively for a moment.

I chuckled, assuming that we were going to play out our usual routine. "Hey darling! I hope you aren't looking for another beer, because we're fresh out at this point." I joked. 

She smirked at me from across the fire. "What are you talking about? You've got a tall boy in your hand there!" 

I laughed. "That's true. I suppose if you ask very nicely, I could share a bit with you."

She smiled at me, and started to walk around the fire toward me, which I watched with idle interest. She stopped in front of me and looked down at me with a slightly amused expression. I took a swig of beer, just to make the point. She cocked an eyebrow at me, and then, unexpectedly, sat down in my lap, facing me. There was a mischievous, sultry sparkle in her beautiful blue eyes, and a pout to her lips that I couldn't recall ever being blessed with, no matter how shameless our behavior had gotten. I began to wonder if this was heading somewhere we hadn't been. Somewhere I thought we had tacitly agreed not to go.

My brain might have been a bit taken aback, but my instincts were happy to take over. My arm slid around her tight little waist. I looked up at her with a confident smile. "Well this is very charming, but this beer is quite delicious, and I'm inclined to be selfish with it." I thought this was very clever. I must have been more drunk than I thought. I was not ready for her response.

"You know what I can guarantee tastes way better than that beer?" I raised my eyebrows expectantly. She wrapped her arms around my shoulders and leaned into me, until her hair hung around my head and I could feel her slightly shallow, ragged breath on my lips. She whispered, just loud enough that I could hear, "Me."

The scent of her hair, the light in her eyes, and most of all the confident sensuality of her tone were overwhelming. Whatever consequences there would be for this could be addressed tomorrow. Or never. Tonight was for consummating the slow dance we had been engaged in for years. I smiled and firmly pulled her hips toward me, until I was certain she could feel the outline of my cock pressed against her. "Be careful what you wish for..." I whispered, as I closed the gap between us and pressed my lips against hers. 

She moaned enthusiastically and responded with fervor, opening her lips and allowing my tongue to push into her mouth. I gently tongued her lips and then our tongues met, surprisingly slowly and intimately at first. My hands roamed up and down her back under her shirt, feeling the warmth and smoothness of her skin, and along the outside of her thighs, feeling the firm, sexy muscles concealed under her sweats. I gently raked my fingernails down her back, making her squirm and moan into my mouth. The squirm must have reminded her that her clit, though covered, was nestled firmly against my rapidly rising cock, and she began grinding her hips against me in a slow rhythm. I smiled to myself and brought a hand up to the back of her head. I firmly but gently grabbed hold of her hair and tilted her head back, disengaging my mouth from hers in order to lavish some attention on her sweet neck. 

With her mouth freed and her eyes tilted up to the starry night sky, she was finally able to communicate with something other than squeals and moans. "Oh my god, that feels so good," she whimpered as I kissed, nipped, sucked, and licked my way around her jaw, neck, and collarbone. Her skin felt amazing against my lips, and I enjoyed drawing out the anticipation. "You are going to get me in trouble. Oh my god!"

I lowered her head until our eyes met again. "Let's worry about that later," I told her, "For now, let's focus on exploring what we've both been so curious about for so long," with a slight smile.

She grinned and leaned in to kiss me again. Her tongue was warm and wet as it danced with mine. As tongues and saliva and arousal flowed back and forth between us, I slowly lifted the hem of her shirt up and made to pull it over her head, forcing us to briefly disengage. Her pert breasts came into view, and I immediately lowered my head to suck on her delightful pink nipples. She moaned and pulled my head tight against her chest, giving me little choice but to keep sucking and nipping on her nipples while she went back to grinding herself against me. 

I decided that it was time to move things along a bit. Her tight grip on the back of my head gave me a good opportunity to pick her up and turn the tables a bit. I reached down and cupped her firm ass, and slowly stood up. She made a small surprised noise in between her moans, but quickly wrapped her legs around my waist to make it easier for me to hold her up. 

I disengaged from her chest and we resumed kissing passionately while I kneaded her delightful ass cheeks. "Help me get this shirt off, I don't want to put you down yet," I whispered in her ear. She leaned back a bit and smiled. With her legs firmly clamped around my waist, I was able to let go of her with one hand at a time and raise my arm enough for her to pull my shirt over my head. Both bare chested now, her hard nipples pressed into my skin and she leaned back in and we resumed our passionate kissing. 

I slowly carried her over to my truck, and gently sat her down on the tailgate. I grabbed the waist of her sweats, and she lifted her hips a bit to let me slide the loose fabric off her incredible hips. She was left sitting on the edge of my truck bed in nothing but a sexy little thong, which was clearly soaked with anticipation. I took a step back to look at her. She looked incredible, dimly lit by the firelight and the moonlight. Her chest was heaving with excitement, her hair was a sexy mess, and the coy little look she gave me turned me on beyond words. 

"How's the view?" she asked with a cute smile.

"She got a face like 'Praise Jesus,' and a body like 'Hallelujah!'" I quipped, slowly shaking my head in wonder. "Seriously, you are the sexiest thing I've ever seen right now."

She smiled at the compliment. "I can see that at least part of you really believes that," she said, gesturing at my pants, which were prominently tented by my raging erection. "We should probably let that thing out, don't you think?" 

Nothing could have sounded better to me at that point. "Would you like to come over here and do the honors?" I asked her. 

"Love to," she replied, as she slid off the tailgate and dropped to her knees in front of me. She wrapped one of her small hands around my cock, getting her first real indication how truly thick my cock is. Her eyes widened a bit, and she looked up at me with a cocked eyebrow. "Is this thing for real?" 

"You're about to find out, babe. By the time we're done tonight, every one of your holes is going to know exactly how real it is," I told her. I had no idea at that point if she would want or be able to take it in her ass, but I figured I would plant the idea in her head and see where it went. 

She grinned and shook her head in mock exasperation, but didn't object. She took ahold of my shorts and boxers and pulled them to my ankles, and I stepped out of them. My cock waved in her face, a drop of precum shining on the tip. She leaned in and licked it off, swirling her tongue around my head a bit, and then pulled back. A fresh drop immediately replaced the one she had just sucked up. She leaned in and sucked it off again, this time taking the tip of my cock a little ways into her mouth before pulling back to admire it again. Once again, another drop of precum emerged to replace the one now making its way into her stomach. 

Taking up the unspoken challenge, she looked up into my eyes, holding my gaze as she slowing sank my cock as far into her mouth as it would go. Delight danced in her eyes as she slowly bobbed her face up and down my cock, sucking as if determined to make sure there wasn't a drop of precum left to challenge her. Her tongue danced along the underside of my cock and all around the sensitive tip. The texture was exquisite, the warmth overwhelming, and the sloppy noises were incredibly sexy. I knew that if this kept up, it wasn't precum that she would need to worry about. But while the temptation to let myself go in her sexy mouth was strong, I was determined to maximize this night. 

I once again twisted my hand into her hair, and slowly pulled her face off my dick. As it popped free from her lips, I forced her head lower and tilted it back so she could suck on my aching balls. My heavy cock came to rest across her face as she eagerly sucked my balls into her mouth one at a time. Her hand slipped downward and slid under her panties, urgently rubbing her clit in little circular motions. Her tongue curled and flicked around my balls, teasing each one separately and then together. This felt heavenly, and gave my stamina a chance to recover a bit. Her small hands came up and took over, slowly stroking my cock, sliding up and down the spit-slippery shaft. My head rolled back and I let myself be overwhelmed by Jessie's ministrations. 

As my grip on her hair loosened, she pulled back and once again inserted my cock into her mouth, this time with a bit more urgency. I began to feel my tip coming into contact with her throat at the bottom of each stroke. Slowly, the resistance it provided decreased, and I could feel my cock beginning to slide in and out of her throat. This new feeling slowly brought my focus back to the matter at hand. I tightened my grip on her head and began to assist her efforts to cram my entire cock into her throat. She responded to my reassertion of control with a long moan, muffled by my dick, the meaning unmistakable. Over the course of a few minutes, we were able to work her throat open, until my cock could slide in and out with little resistance. Finally, I was able to firmly pull her face against me, bringing her nose to rest against my pubic hair and my cock to rest deep in her throat. I held her like that for a few seconds, and then released her, but she kept pressing herself down, swallowing repeatedly to massage my cock with her throat muscles. 

Her enthusiasm for sucking me off was an enormous turn on for me, and I continued to enjoy her incredible blowjob for some minutes. Standing in that clearing with a crackling campfire at my back and an incredibly hot, horny girl on her knees giving me an amazing blowjob was incredible. Nothing could have been better at that moment. The sounds of my cock passing in and out of Jessie's throat seemed amplified by the silence of the forest. But soon enough, the tight, wet feeling of her throat brought my need pushing back to the surface, and I knew I would need to let her oral worship end if I was going to be able to fuck her properly that night, which I was determined to do. 

I forced her face down my shaft one last time, holding her head in place while I forced my dick as far down her throat as it would go, and holding it there for as long as I dared. She gamely stroked my cock with her throat and tongue until I pulled her off, and then pulled her into a standing position. I pulled her tight against me and leaned down to kiss her again. The sloppy mess left on my cock pressed against her toned stomach, while the spit and precum mixture on her face migrated to mine as we passionately kissed. I licked up some of the mess and we shared it in a very wet kiss. 

Leaning back for a moment, I collected some of this slippery mixture on the tips of my fingers, and reached down to press them into her pussy as I resumed kissing her. I needn't have bothered, though. Her slit was already incredibly wet. Her juices had soaked through her little thong, and I could feel wetness along the insides of her thighs. I pushed the flimsy cloth to the side, and two fingers slid in with no resistance, eliciting a whimper and a tightening of the small hands wrapped around my back. I began to lightly caress the walls of her pussy, but that was not what she had in mind at this point. 

"God, quit fucking around and give me this dick!" she moaned, wrapping her hand around my cock. "I couldn't be any wetter, I need to feel you inside me. Please!" 

I could tell this was true, but still wanted to make sure that my cock would fit without too much resistance. "Patience, girl," I told her, but at the same time I slipped a third finger into her. She tried to glare at me, but instead ended up groaning and beginning to hump my hand. Her eyes were losing focus and I could tell she was getting close, which I decided was my cue. 

I quickly picked her up once more and sat her, again, on the tailgate of my truck. I grabbed the soaked triangle of fabric that was still trying to conceal her womanhood, and tore her thong off. It gave way easily, and my hand was instantly covered in her juices. She started to protest the destruction of her clothing, but in one smooth motion, I sank most of my cock into her steaming pussy. She came immediately, gasping and moaning as her pussy and body convulsed. I held her close as the aftershocks subsided, and when her breathing returned to somewhat normal, I began stroking in and out of her. I began with long, slow strokes, bottoming out every time and then withdrawing until only my tip was wrapped in her beautiful folds. Every few strokes I would bottom out and then hold myself inside her, grinding against her hips or flexing my cock. I knew that her sensitive walls could feel every minute movement, so I took my time and enjoyed watching the pleasure ripple across her face.

"Oh that feels so good... Your dick feels so good... Fuuuuuck it's amazing," she moaned. "It's in there so deep, it... You are going to make it... really hard to... make this a one time thing," she stuttered as I continued my slow, steady strokes. I gently pushed her body back into the bed of the truck until she was lying down, and then grabbed her ankles, and raised her legs above our heads. I brought her legs together, making her pussy even tighter, and increasing my pleasure to even higher levels. More gasps told me that it had the same effect for her, as her moans increased in tempo and pitch. Holding both her ankles in one hand, I reached up and casually played with one of her nipples, while continuing to fuck her deeply with increasing urgency. 

Realizing that I was going to cum fairly soon, I knew there was one more way I wanted to have her before we were done. I once again wrapped my hands around her waist, and picked her up off the truck. With my cock still buried to the hilt in her wet pussy, I walked slowly over to the chair where she had originally mounted me. I sat down in the chair, once again with her straddling me, but this time with my cock completely buried in her depths. She immediately began grinding her hips against me, sending waves of pleasure through my body. Rather than stroking in and out of her, I was now mostly swirling around inside her, stretching her out and imprinting my cock all over her insides. 

"Is that real enough for you, Jessie?" I whispered in her ear. "Is this what you wanted when you came back down that path for me? Were you thinking about how my cock would feel buried in your tight little throat? Were you thinking about sitting on my cock and fucking my brains out? Maybe... Mmmmm... Maybe you were thinking about how my cum would taste, how much you wanted a big load to fill your mouth."
