 Chapter 01: Build up

Note: This is purely an erotic fiction and it has nothing to do with real life incidents or characters. This story is directly from my fantasy world. This is my first erotic story and I would like to have comments and votes from all my readers as well. Thanks for literotica for publishing my story. Enjoy reading.

*

The almighty has blessed us with five unique senses. Each of them is very essential to understand the world. But, when it comes to dependability and closeness to another human being, the unique act of touch and to feel play the most important role

The above reason was the main one for me to learn about massaging techniques in my lifetime. And hence, here I am applying my techniques in a beautiful resort located at Hawaii. It has been three years in this profession as a masseuse, where I have come across many girls to apply the techniques taught by my guru. But not all were applied. That was so, because my guru taught me a lot of techniques when I was a student and he mentioned that some of them are very sacred only to be applied to people who are special to you.

So today started like any other day with lots of ladies, old ones as well as young having their massage done, but none were able to hold my attention. In the past some have even tried the art of seduction, but soon felt that I was not interested in girls and stopped trying. I never have cared what others thought. I am just waiting for that special person to come along.

And there I was in a small private cubicle allotted by the hotel, finishing a back massage for an old lady. I have always given my all to a massage. It is just that I don't apply some of the techniques I know. The old lady gave her sincere thanks in a French accent and left the room.

I sat on the chair and dreamt about the day I would have someone to hug me, to touch me, to feel every inch of my body, or to pull my chest hairs one by one. To feel her breath on my skin, to feel her beautiful pouted lips on mine, and then have her kiss my body as she goes down to my neck, my chest, my navel and each of my palms. I close my eyes tightly as I feel her touch my organ through the last piece of cloth on my body and then bring it out of its cloth cave along with the two sacks. She cups them and squeezes them lightly. Sounds escape from my body as I feel her breath on the slit. I can feel her move closer to me as my hard organ gets hotter and hotter. 

I tell her, "Oh my god...closer...hurry...my dear...closer ...closer..."

KNOCK KNOCK....KNOCK KNOCK

Oh, damn it! Can't they give me some time for myself? Oh, damn hotel! Continuous jobs...damn it!

KNOCK KNOCK....KNOCK KNOCK

Oh shit! My cock is hard! What am i going to do? Shouldn't have dreamt of what I wanted during work.

KNOCK KNOCK....KNOCK KNOCK

"Mam, could you just wait a second?" What's the hurry for them? They get to rest and relax and enjoy their stay here at the hotel!

"Sorry," came the reply

Shit, I don't have enough time for a hand job either. I removed my pants and adjusted my organ, so that it wouldn't show up to my customer. Oh, it would lead to a big embarrassment and some consequences, too. Hopefully it will settle down and won't be obvious, but I doubted it. I pulled my zip back up on my hotel uniform.

"Come in." I said.

The door opened slowly.

You know when you move out in a storm and you have a force that pushes you back? I experienced the same thing here, as if a storm was stuck in Hawaii, and the entire force is coming through my door. I managed to stay on my feet and look at the source of it.

A lean figure behind a splendid Hawaiian outfit with admirable eyes, cute nose, soft full lips and a smooth skinned face was standing in front of me. I wasn't able to note any other part of her body, as my vision was fixed to her face like a glue.

"I am sorry to have hurried you up," the voice from the lips felt so nice all of a sudden to my ears. I kept staring at her face as if God was in the other side of the room. "Excuse me, is anything wrong?" 

When my friends talked about love at first sight, I never believed it. I just told them that it was just an attraction. But now, it felt like I was in a completely different world. I was in love, not with her, but with her defined face.

"Hello?" she waved her hand over my face.

"Mam...yes, mam, sorry...just...just was day dreaming, sorry. It's ok, mam. Take a seat." 

I knew that I looked like a complete idiot. I just wanted someone to shoot me to avoid the embarrassment, but no one came to my rescue. My colleague had gone on a vacation and no one would come to relieve me for six more hours. So there was no other way, other than to undergo the torture of doing your work when a stunning girl faces you.

She took her seat. I composed myself before I spoke again

"Mam, what kind of massage would you like to have?" 

It was the first time I looked at her clothes. It wasn't like what the other ladies coming to my place would wear. It was modest and not revealing at all. I wasn't sure if she was at the right place

"I would have just my back part, shoulder and the waist part massaged. That would be enough. This will be my first massage." She told me with a beautiful thin smile.

Yes, first massage indeed; very restrictive. 

"Mam, you can change your clothes and lie down on the bed here. I will be back in a moment." 

"Fine," she replied. 

I left in a jiffy.

I stood outside the door, trying to make up my mind on what I was going to do now, but couldn't decide, as my cock was also harder than ever striving to come out to the open. I decided to do just what she asked me to do, but a corner of my mind hinted for me to apply some of those special techniques.

I went back inside and there she was, lying with her bare back open for the world to see. She was wearing a hotel massage apron over her hands that covered the entire front side of her body. So seeing her breasts would be impossible. The towel was covering her bottom and bra was still on. I went closer. Her skin was fair and smooth.

"Mam, shall I start?" 

"Hmm... yes," she replied as her head lay on the light pillow.

And so I took the massage oil and started rubbing it over her back, starting from her shoulder blades in small circles with a light pressure. I removed her bra straps and felt her flinch slightly. I understood that she was not used to this. So I decided to give her the best first time ever, by applying the special techniques. I smoothly rubbed her neck and went along her spine down to the towel. I could feel her skin hairs reacting to the massage. The technique was working well.

My guru asked me not to apply it on everyone, the main reason that each of the massage movements leads to the next one finally leading to a really explosive orgasm for the female. Each of them is addictive and improves her response to your pressure. It's even possible to dominate them.

But I did not have any plans of domination and decided to give her the best experience possible. I repeated the strokes as I had learned. "Mmm....you really seem to be good at this. I am beginning to like this."

"Mam, this is just the trailer. The movie is yet to start." I wanted to say, but decided not to. Let that be a surprise to her.

"What's your name?" she enquired.

"Mani Kumar... people call me MK."

"You are Indian?" 

"Yes Mam." 

"Why have you come all the way here to take up this profession?"

"I love massaging people and this is the best hotel in Hawaii. So I decided to enjoy the environment here and do my work professionally and happily."

"You are really doing a good job, MK," she said, smiling. 

I continued again very slowly from the top, applying pressure on each cell of her skin through proper movements as taught by my guru. I was sure she was getting aroused. The day of my dreams had finally arrived.

I finished the top part and went on to the arms to finish off the back massage and proceed further through the techniques. 

"Mam, shall I rub your hands now to complete the back massage?" 

"Yes..." I turned back as she removed the apron from her arms.

I picked up some oil in my hands and turned around, man, that's awesome. I had a corner view of her breasts. It was pressed on the bed tightly. It looked juicy enough, though it was just a quarter view of the whole.

It was a hard effort, but somehow I restricted myself to the hands massaging it from the arm pits to the finger tips in a constant squeezing motion. After a few strokes, I continued to her hands. Hands are the most stressed portion of the body by the amount of work we do, but hers felt soft and supple. I proceeded pulling each of her fingers and massaged it. There was a significant reaction for that as I heard her moan for the first time. I received my first reward.

"You have amazing hands, MK."

"You do have an amazing body, Mam." 

I instantly regretted saying that, but she did not react to it. I finished off with her other arm. Now I needed to continue to her bottom. She wouldn't object if I just continued, as it is really tough to stop at this point. But permission would be necessary.

"Mam is this enough, or shall I proceed to your bottom?"

"Mm ...yes sure do proceed..." was her reply and was followed by a moan.

That was more than enough. But I did not hurry, I started with her foot. I rubbed the bottom of her feet softly and moved up her ankle to her calf muscles. The layer of oil was sparkling, her skin looked better than gold and diamonds.

I pushed the towel that lay on her buttocks to the top.

"Wow...What a beauty!" I thought to myself, but did not show any reaction. Control was part of my profession, but it was indeed tough in her case.

Her buttocks were mounted on her body like jellies, fluffy but firm. I rubbed the oil with single finger strokes in a spiral motion from the centre. Her moans were much more frequent than before. I squeezed her buttocks and repeated the strokes. Her legs were relaxed, but tightly closed and I wasn't able to see her womanhood clearly in the dim light. Who cares, in the near future, she was going to show me her entire body and I am going to make her do it!

Her asshole looked inviting even in the dim light, but I moved forward with the strokes. I finished off with the back part. The massage should have been over with this, but it is far from over. Her body is not in equilibrium and her front part needs my hands on them. Again, permission mattered.

"Mam, can you lie on your back, if you want your front side to me massaged too?" 

She was more than eager to turn herself. "Call me Alice." That was definitely an improvement.

My mouth opened as far as possible, in wonder. My control senses had gone completely out of control. I didn't notice this before, but when it was right in front of your eyes, it's impossible to miss. It was as if your dream girl comes out of your dreams, stark naked. My underpants were being stretched as something inside wanted to come out very badly.

She didn't notice my reactions, as she was still in her dreamland with her eyes closed. Her masterpiece of a body was beautifully created. Her breasts were simple, but firm. They matched the colour of a pale rose. Her nipples were already firm, thanks to my skill. With effort, moving down her body, her cute navel button comes into view. It was in shape, darker contrasting to her background skin. Further down was the goal post I was waiting for to shoot the goal inside. Her lips were rosy red and fleshy. They were narrow with a small opening. Her clit was pulsing brightly and on the lower side was a small drop of liquid waiting to flow down. All these sights were very tempting. I could have just gone on to lick all of them, but I have started something and it's only me who can finish it.

So exerting self control, I placed my oily palms on the front of her neck, massaging it lightly. The moans were getting louder, so I decided to start music to diminish her moans, as I was not sure how loud she would be. It was a romantic melody, just right for that environment. I placed the volume control in my apron pocket for further usage. The last thing I or even she would want is someone barging through the door and breaking the momentum.

Finishing off with her neck, I moved down around her breasts to her waist, keeping them for the ultimatum. I gripped both sides of her waist and pressed it lightly. She lifted herself up with the movement and dropped down. I pressed my middle finger, following spiral circles from the periphery to her ultimate navel point. I pressed my little finger lightly into her navel. A stressed moan escaped her mouth. Then I returned to circling it outwards, from centre and repeated the strokes. Her body started bucking up to my strokes.

From there I reached back up to her breasts. I started circling round her breasts in different motions and rose up to the top spiralling with light pressure. When reaching the top, I pinched her nipples. The thin buttons felt like rubber in my hands. The moan was much more prominent and loud. I increased the sound of the music system to the maximum, as I was sure her volume would increase much more because what I am going to do now is the next level known as tongue massage. This is my first experience of using tongue massage and I was hoping to succeed with whatever theory I could. The continuous spiral strokes were already building up her orgasm. I took the whole of her breast in my hands and pressed it lightly and repeated the spiral strokes. Suddenly my mouth was near her nipples and I let my tongue slightly touch the top of the mound. She bucked as if an electric shock hit her and her breast hit on my face

"MK..." she moaned. 

I was in no mood to listen to what she wanted to say. I continued tickling her breasts with my tongue and bit her nipple slightly. Her hands came on top of my head, but I pushed away from her hold and made myself move again to her navel, this time penetrating into the mini hole. A shock went through her body. I repeated it with the spiral strokes. This continued for another minute. 

Then it was time for the ultimatum.

I started around her pussy lips with each of my fingers using different pressures. She voluntarily moved her legs away to give me full access. Her pussy lips opened a bit more. I suddenly brought my hot tongue to her thighs and moved it up to her lips. I lifted myself and did the same to the other thigh. I started circling with wide circles around her lips and then reduced the radius with each stroke. I always jumped over her clit. Her pussy smelled inviting, but I controlled myself.

Liquid started dripping in good amounts out of her pussy. I began to lick all those through my circles, too. It felt sour to my tongue, but really tasty to my senses. I licked the border of her pussy lips, building up the orgasm. I inserted my middle finger between her lips and pulled it out during my licking of her lips. I could feel the orgasm in its peak. Her hands were above my head pressing me into her pussy. I removed my finger from her oven and gripped the sides of her waist for the finale.

I started breathing hot air over her clit. Her hands pressed me hard to lick it. Her body was trying to come up, but my grip was helping me keep a balance. After few seconds of hot air to tease her clit, I kissed it.

"OH MY GOOOOD!"

I heard a scream that was surely over the volume of the music player. A spray of liquid from between her lips went directly inside my mouth and also spread all around my face. It was out with a heavy force that could have surely created a dent in my skin. To assist her to calm down the wave of her orgasm, I started licking her pussy fast and reducing my speed gradually, until her breathing reduced to a less erratic form. Mission accomplished

Oh...is that all??