 The sun rose over the valley as I sat in the shade of our village maypole. I sat here every morning to watch it. When my wife was alive we would climb the hills just to watch the sun rise from various places. Since her passing I never felt like walking so far. We were married after my demob in 57 and she died in 94. She was a lady who nursed my injuries and helped my recuperation in the Military Hospital. She bullied me into living again when all I wanted to do was give up. She wasn't a nurse or a doctor but a simple widow who visited the men in the hospital to give hope and cheer to all. Her husband had died in Malaya where he was in the RAF. This is where I got my injuries to my legs and chest. I had been fitted with false knees and feet but didn't want to know anything about them, until Maryann came along. Now my days are spent either in my garden or in my little cottage with an occasional night in the pub. Each morning though I watch the sunrise and remember my wife and the things we did together.

The first time I saw her was when I was lying on my bed staring out of the window at the sky crying over my loss. Her first words were "If you want to see the sky properly get your legs on and I'll take you." So matter of fact in voice that I started as if a ghost had said "Boo"

Next thing she'd pulled the blankets back pushed my pyjamas legs up, picked up my false legs and started to strap them on my thighs. When they were on and I was sat up in my dressing gown and slippers, she wandered off somewhere. In a few minutes she was back with two orderlies and a wheelchair. The orderlies picked me up and placed me in the chair. 

"We'll be back in an hour."

And that was that. No pity or apologies just straight matter of fact. Off we went into the grounds of the hospital where we trod the paths through the gardens. Then back to the ward where her two heavies as we all called the orderlies helped me back to my bed.

What did we talk about the Lord only knows, but for the next week she came and took me further afield from the hospital, even to her home for lunch. The cottage I live in now. We started out as friends then lovers then we got married by the hospital chaplain.

I remember when we became lovers as if it was yesterday. We had gone into the countryside one morning for a picnic. I was using walking sticks by this time and it was a struggle to use so I could not help with anything. I was sat with my legs stretched out and Maryann was sat beside me peeling an apple. I put my left arm around her and squeezed gently. Her face turned towards me and I leant forward and kissed her on the lips. My left arm went around her back and I pulled her in close to me. In slow motion we sank to the ground, Maryann lying half on and half off me. Our lips melted together and became one. As we kissed we lost all sense of time and our surroundings. It was only when the rain turned into a downpour that we sat up and moved apart. It was a two mile walk back to the cottage and we were soaked to the skin and all we had on were summer clothes, trousers, shirt and sandals for me. Maryann had on a short sleeved dress, bra, knickers and sandals. By the time we reached the cottage the rain had got heavier and heavier. 

In the cottage Maryann said to get our clothes off and we'll have a bath together. I tried to argue with her but it was like trying to pull an express train with my teeth. In her bedroom she undressed me then herself. I couldn't help myself but I watched her disrobe and became aroused. The first erection I 'd had in months. Maryann grabbed my arms and placed them around her neck, put her arms around me and hugged me close. She then stood up and carried me to the bathroom. In the bathroom she sat me down on the toilet turned to the bath and bent over with her legs apart so that I had a view of fanny and backside. I could see the bright red insides of her fanny. As the bath was filling up she turned to me and I saw that she had no pubic hair and her fanny looked like a black pencil line. She walked over to me and I could feel my cock growing bigger. It seemed as if I was becoming all cock and no body. We looked at each other knowing that something was passing silently between us. She picked me up and moved over to the bath and sat me on the edge. 

"Can you lower yourself in?"

I did as she asked.

As I moved to the end of the bath she got in and lowered herself so that she was astride my stumps. She grabbed my hands and placed them on her tits and kissed me on the lips. Maryann shuffled forward until her stomach was touching mine and lowered herself down until the head of my cock was at the entrance to her fanny. She pushed herself down harder until my cock was buried deep inside. We never moved, just laid there soaking up the feelings of love and hot water. For a short space of time we lay there enjoying the feeling of being joined in harmony. It was Maryann who implemented the act of intercourse. She slowly started to move her pelvis and hips on my prick. The tempo was of a relaxing nature until the crises of orgasm overtook us both. While I was spurting spunk into her fanny, Maryann was having her second or third come.

After we had settled back to soak up the heat of our bodies and water, Maryann confessed to me that I was only the second male that she had been with. The first being her husband.

Twenty minutes later we were in bed, well I was. Maryann had put on a dressing gown and gone into the kitchen to get us some snacks and to phone the hospital telling them that I wouldn't be back until Monday. When Maryann returned she lifted me onto a stool then pulled the bedding of the bed, put the food and drinks on the bedside cabinet, picked me up and placed me on the bed. Then she took of her dressing gown and sat facing me on the bed. From where I was sat I could see her slight pubic hair and her fanny lips gaping open. She shuffled forward closer to me until our groins were touching.

"Pass a plate over, lover man."

I did. 

"Let's feed each other. Because somehow I feel as if I'm a young sixteen year old on my first date with a boy. Instead of a thirty-two year old woman."

We fed each other between kisses and caresses. After we had finished eating I grabbed her, rolled over until I was on top then proceeded to fuck her as hard as I could. Soon her fanny was flowing love juice and her first orgasm's was coming.

As night was coming down we heard the front door opening and closing. A female voice called out. I recognised the voice but couldn't place where I'd heard it from. Seconds later and the bedroom door opened and in came the ward sister from the hospital. Before we could even think of what to do or cover ourselves up she spoke.

"At last Maryann you have started to live normally. I'm very glad that William is the one. I knew that something was between you both and all it needed was the right spark. I'll go and put the kettle on. You's get something on and come to the sitting room." With that she was gone.

"That, William, was my older sister. I have two others and they live abroad. Margaret looks after us all. Don't worry her bite is worse than her bark."

"Shouldn't that be her bark is worse than her bite. Does she also live here?"

"Yes."

We got dressed and I was carried into the sitting room. The three of us sat and talked and talked, about everything that had happened in our lives. Eventually it was suggested that we went to bed, which we did. Maryanne and I in her bed and Margaret in hers. Next morning as we were eating breakfast Margaret said that she would arrange for me to be given home care and that would free up a hospital bed. After breakfast I was watching the two women washing the dishes and I saw that our relationship would work fine. They work and I keep house. As it was their day off we sat in the garden when I put the idea to them, and explained that, as I became stronger and more used to the legs the more I would be able to do. Margaret said it sounded all right but that I wasn't to overdo it. So I became a house-husband and gardener and life was worth living again. One evening as we were sat in the garden on the love seat I'd made my right arm over Maryanne's shoulder and my hand inside her dress playing with her breast when Margaret came and sat with us. As I tried to pull my hand out, my ring snagged on the inside of her dress and as I pulled harder the dress ripped exposing Maryanne's breasts. Before Maryanne or myself could move Margaret said what a good ideal way of getting cool, and undid her dress and pulled her camisole over her head until she was topless, the two women were now naked to the waist. They looked at me until I had taken my shirt and vest off. Soon we were all relaxed and idly chatting on any subject that came to mind. 

Margaret said that she would get us all a drink of wine and some biscuits. When she stood up her dress fell down leaving her only in her knickers and suspender belt and stockings. Maryanne and I fell about with laughter at the sight of poor Margaret, mind you we suffered for it. Margaret dashed out of the house with a bucket of water and before we could move threw it over us, soaking us both to the skin. Maryanne jumped up and her dress fell to her ankles, leaving her in just her knickers. These were white, except when they got wet then they turned transparent and she looked as if she was nude. I stripped off all my clothes and the false legs and sat there naked, not caring about my nudity. I then unfastened my legs and asked for a towel to dry the straps of my legs. Maryanne was full of contrition as she dashed in doors for a dry cloth. When she came out and started to dry my straps, Margaret came up behind her and pulled down her knickers and playfully smacked her bottom.

Margaret took off her knickers and stockings; soon we were all nude and enjoying the sun on our bare skin. Looking at the two nude women gave me an erection and Margaret said how much she missed having a man to make love to her. Maryanne told her that tonight was her lucky night as they would share me and that all three of us would be satisfied.

Margaret was against the idea until Maryanne persuaded her to accept the situation just till she got her own man.