 I scope out your sexy, trashy outfit as I drive my car up to the sidewalk where you stand. I love your fuckme boots and your torn, seamed stockings. Very street-corner-whore-ish! I decide to pick you up this time around! We speak only to negotiate a price of $100 but I brow beat you down to $50. I make you go down on me in the car while I drive to a filthy back alley. I'd normally unload my balls into your dirty mouth holding you by the back of your head on my cock forcing you to swallow all of my seed. But I hold back tonight telling you I have other plans to use your mouth tonight. I pull into the grungy alley and put you on the hood of the car and lift up your skirt and pull your soaked panties aside. I'm surprised you have any on. I eat out your nasty slutty cunt even though other men may have previously dropped their nut batter inside. Telling you what a skanky slut you are and how you probably get off whether you are paid or not.

What a sloppy mess you are, soaking wet. I lick your fleshy pussy lips, sucking on them, stabbing my tongue into your fuck-tunnel. Then I suck on your hard clit pushing the hood back with my upper lip flicking the tip with my tongue until you cum and cum again. Your ass bounces around as you thrust your nasty cunt against my mouth.

I make you stand, turn around and bend you over the car hood, complimenting you on what a good whore you are today taking direction so well. With your skirt raised, ass exposed, cunt swollen and gaping, I reach down with my hand to feel how sloppy and wet you are. It's saturated with your sticky juice and my saliva, so messy and glistening. I pull my cock out and push it in your pussy in one swift impalement. You gasp at how quickly I thrust inside you then smile as you feel the warmth and pulsing of my throbbing veins. Long, slow, deep strokes I take, enjoying the feeling of the heat from your excited pussy enveloping my cock as I put it back inside you after the cool evening air chills it. I quicken my thrusts, my hips pounding into your ass and thighs. Skin slapping I fuck the hell out of your loose pussy, sucking wet sounds filling our ears.

I can't believe how wet you are having surely been fucked by a few johns before me tonight. You must be one insatiable horny bitch. I bet you'd bang another 20 guys if they all lined up behind me with a buck in their hand.

My balls swollen with cum swing heavy against your ass. More and more of your sticky, creamy juices cling to them with each thrust until they drip with your arousal. I love how wet you are, my groin bathed in your hot, sloppy juices. Coated in your hot pussy butter!

I feel the pressure building inside me. Knowing I will cum soon my brain scrambles to decide where I want to dump my thick, sticky cream: inside you, on top of your sloppy, wet pussy, in your mouth, on your face, maybe on your sweet, lace-covered tits. 

I pull out my cock and guide you off the car by your hand. With a pouting lip and furled brow you look at me like "what the fuck!" But I ignore you because I'm paying for this party bitch and you'll do as I say! I tell you to squat in front of me as I lean against the car. My hard cock swings from my groin, glistening in the streetlights with your honey all over it. I tell you to show me your tits, to hold them in your hands and pinch your slutty nipples. Push them together and spit into your cleavage and spit on my cock to get it all nice and wet. You are so nasty but totally obedient, spitting onto my cock. It drips off pooling between your tits still clinging to my cock in a long, thick string. I work it over my swollen shaft and slide my cock in between your wonderful, soft, warm globes in front of me. You watch my cock fucking your tits, licking your lips like a starving slut waiting for here next meal. I tell you what a filthy cum junkie you must be, that I can see it in your lust-glazed eyes. You can never get enough cock or loads of thick, white cum to satiate the tramp inside you.

You look so fucking hot on your filthy knees in front of me, trashy make-up, worn lingerie, holding your tits out waiting for me to soak them with my cum. It doesn't take long before I feel the semen swell in my balls and begin to travel up my cock.

I pull away pumping my dick just under the head. The first rope of cum blasts out, hitting the bottom of your chin dripping onto your chest. The second blast is just as hard but lands fully in your cleavage as you watch excited. Seeing this erotic sight I shoot harder on the third blast hitting your chin again, adding to the sticky white mass hanging from it. The rest of my cum fountains out landing sporadically on top of your soaked, glistening titties as you snake out you tongue licking away what cum you can reach on your chin. As the remaining drops of cum cling to the head of my deflating cock and my fingers, you grab my shaft sucking the remnants clean moaning in the process, relishing the taste. I look at your cum-soaked tits like a scene from a porno. All sticky and splattered, some still dangling from your chin. What a messy little whore you are!

Our eyes meet and you smile before closing them satiated. That's when I notice you stuffing three or four fingers into your dripping pussy hole. Your thumb rubs your clit as you begin to tremble in climax, a dark wet spot beneath you on the asphalt. You lean back removing your hand from between your thighs. Again you look me in the eyes, wiping my cum from your chest sucking every finger dry like you are eating a savory sauce.

In the fashion of a true seasoned whore you ask for your money with an extended hand. I reach into my pocket and place a dollar bill in your hand. Before you can complain I pull you to your feet and kiss you deeply and passionately. We break apart and smile into each other's eyes giggling and with a firm smack of your smokin' hot ass I open the car door and help you inside.

"What shall we do next year for Valentine's Day, honey?" you ask.

"I don't know but it will have to be pretty damned good to beat this year's theme! Happy Valentine's Day, I love you, Honey."