 I only lived about a mile from the garage, so it took me about twenty minutes to walk home. I was honestly surprised I could walk at all; Joe had made me orgasm more than once, and my body was still tingling when I got home.

Since I didn't know when Joe would be finished with my car, I decided I needed to do something to keep myself busy. If I didn't, I'd probably just sit in a chair and fantasize about him, so I changed into blue sweat pants and an old t-shirt and started cleaning house, putting toys away, doing the dishes, changing sheets. I even cleaned the bathroom! 

But still, with everything I did, I couldn't quit thinking about Joe, how his hands had felt on my legs, how his tongue felt on my clit. When I looked at the couch I fantasized about giving him head; when I looked at the kitchen counter, I dreamed of him lifting me onto the counter so he could lick me into submission. In the bedroom I thought about having sex with him, of him fucking me in every position we could think of. Even in the bathroom I fantasized about Joe, imagining taking a shower with him, his soapy hands caressing my breasts... I had it bad!

I figured he'd call before coming out, to make sure I was ready, so I was totally taken by surprise when I answered a knock at the door and it was Joe!

"Oh!" I stammered in surprise. "I figured you'd call me!"

"I was finished, and wanted to get out of there before someone came in with something else for me to do," he answered. He stepped forward and I backed up, letting him in the apartment. He shut the door behind him and locked it, then turned to me, his eyes dark with desire. I stepped into his arms and he kissed me like there was no tomorrow, no yesterday, only today. My knees were weak as he turned his attention to my neck, nibbling and licking his way to my ear.

"You have any plans?" he whispered in my ear as I moaned. I shook my head, not trusting myself to speak. "Good," he laughed. "I have a little time, and now I'm going to make you pay for being so sexy."

He slid his hands under my shirt, pulling it up to expose my breasts. I had left my bra off, and he growled to see my exposed nipples. He lowered his head to my chest, leaning me against the wall by the door. I whimpered as he teased my nipples, licking and nibbling, squeezing them gently. He paused to pull my shirt over my head, stopping while my arms were still trapped in the sleeves, held up over my head. He kissed me roughly, then returned to torturing my breasts. 

Before I knew it I was trembling, cumming simply from his attention to my breasts. He held me as I moaned and tensed beneath his hands. He pulled my shirt off, releasing my hands. 

I immediately set to work on his shirt, biting at his neck as I undid the buttons, then pulling his shirt open. My God! The man had the perfect chest - just a sprinkling of hair, his chest muscles well defined, his stomach flat. I moaned and bent my head to lick his chest. Now it was his time to moan as I teased his nipples with my tongue, flicking it lightly over his skin. I pulled his shirt down over his arms, then moved my hands down.

I knelt before him and placed my mouth over the bulge in his pants, blowing my hot breath over his cock. He shook slightly as his cock immediately responded. I undid his pants and pulled them and his boxers down with one movement. My hands returned to cup his ass cheeks as I licked his cock lightly.

Taking one hand, I grasped his cock in my hand and looked up at him. He looked at me with slightly glazed eyes.

"Is this what you want, Joe? Do you want me to suck you?"

His only answer was a groan and a half-nod. With my eyes still locked on his I took him into my mouth in one swift motion. He threw his head back and groaned. I used my hand and my mouth to stroke him, sucking him and licking with my tongue. I was enjoying this, listening to his moans, moaning with him in my mouth. Just when I thought he was going to cum he put his hand down and pushed me away. I mewed and tried to get my mouth back on his cock, but he grasped my arms and pulled me to my feet.

He bent over and removed his shoes and pants, then without straightening up, grabbed my sweats and pulled them down. He helped me step out of the fabric, then stood up. We were totally naked together, standing in the front hall of my apartment, yet I didn't feel at all shy. I put my arms around his neck and we moved closer, his cock pushing into my lower stomach as he kissed me again.

He picked me up in his arms and carried me down the hall to the bedroom. He set me on the bed and crawled up over me between my legs.

"I want to spend hours pleasuring you," he growled, "but I can't wait; I need you -now-."

In answer I reached into my bedside table and grabbed one of the condoms I'd bought after our first encounter; I helped him roll it on over his cock, then raised my hips to his. He reached down and slid his hard cock along my slit, teasing my clit with his head for a moment, then in one swift movement, buried himself deep inside me. I cried out and arched my back. It had been five years since I had been with a man and I wanted to weep at how good he felt in me.

He thrust into me again and again, my legs wrapped around his waist. I moaned his name with each thrust. As his thrusts began to come faster and faster I begged him to fuck me, to go deeper, faster, harder.

"Oh yeah, baby," he gasped, groaning at how good we felt together. "Cum for me baby, cum for me!" he cried, "Say my name, scream for me!"

I happily obliged him, his encouragement sending me spinning over the edge as I came for him, bucking against him.

As I screamed his name he came in me, his cock throbbing in my pussy as he came. He threw his head back and howled his pleasure, my name on his lips. We stayed that way for a moment, for an eternity, before he relaxed and collapsed beside me on the bed. I reached down and slipped the condom off, dropping it on the floor beside the bed before turning into his arms.

We stayed that way for a while, kissing and cuddling. After a while the movement of his hands became more purposeful, stroking my side, cupping my ass and pulling me closer to him. Then he pulled my leg up over his and slid his finger into my wet, aching pussy. I moaned against his mouth as he got his finger wet, then moved his hand back to my ass, stroking my asshole.

I gasped as he slid his wet finger into my ass. He pumped his finger in my ass for a few minutes, then removed his hand. I whimpered in protest, but he pushed me onto my back and knelt on the bed next to me. He started caressing my pussy with his hand.

"You have such a beautiful pussy," he told me with a smile, just as he slipped his finger between the lips and against my clit. I arched into his hand and moaned. 

"Oh Joe!" I moaned. At the sound of my voice he leaned over and replaced his finger with his tongue. I began whimpering and thrusting my hips into his face; he responded by slipping his finger into me. Faster and faster his tongue flicked on my tender clit; faster and faster he fucked me with his hand.

I slipped one hand between his legs and started stroking his cock. He was beginning to get hard again, and he moaned against my clit as I grasped him firmly in my hand. I don't know how he managed it, but next thing I knew, we were in 69 position with me on top. I'd never tried it before, but was eager to have his cock in my mouth again. As he licked my clit and fingered me, I began sucking his cock, gently at first, then faster and harder. I moaned over and over with him in my mouth, fucking him with my face.

I held his balls in my hand, gently playing with them, tugging on them then squeezing them. He raised his hips to my mouth, thrusting up with his hips as he thrust his fingers inside me. I could feel my orgasm building again, a hot fire in my pussy. I screamed as he thrust his cock deep in my throat and I came again and again, each one building on the one before until my entire body was bucking. 

I pulled my mouth off his cock and gasped, "Oh God Joe... fuck me... please baby, please..." I was begging for it, but I didn't care, I just needed him inside me. "Take me from behind, Joe... I need you deep inside me..."

Joe reached in the drawer and pulled out another condom. He used one hand and his teeth to open it as we positioned on the bed. I pulled my pillow down and wrapped my arms around it, my ass in the air. He slid the condom on and slid his cock into me, teasing me with it. He grabbed my hips with his hands and guided me slowly back onto him. I tried to take him hard, but his hands kept me from thrusting back on his cock. 

He tortured me, forcing me to wait as he slowly impaled me on his cock; two, three, four thrusts - I was begging him to fuck me, to take me hard, to go faster, but still he teased me. It was torture, but it felt so good! I was mewing now, begging him to make me cum, when he finally slammed me back on his cock. I screamed in pleasure as he pulled me back while he was thrusting forward, forcing me to take him so deep inside me.

He slid his hands around my hips and slapped me sharply on the ass. I cried out, surprised. He smacked me again and again, pausing to stroke my ass in between smacks. We were slamming together so hard neither of us had the breath to speak, other than the occasional, "Oh God!" and "Oh YES!"

I came hard. I screamed his name, my movements controlled by the spasming of my body as I came. I heard him encouraging me, his voice sounding far away. "Oh Yeah, baby; cum for me, that's it, cum hard for me baby!"

I had barely started breathing again when Joe pulled his still-hard cock out of me. "No!" I cried, trying vainly to get him back inside me.

"Shhhh," he said, and slipped his thumb into my ass. I stilled immediately and looked back over my shoulder at him.

He was stroking his cock, still knelt between my knees. I watched him with wide eyes as he removed his thumb and positioned the tip of his cock at my asshole. 

"Relax," he commanded as he slipped his cock inside my ass. I closed my eyes and bit down on the pillow to keep from screaming. Oh God, it hurt! 

"Shhh," he said again, still pushing inside me. "It'll only hurt for a minute, I promise; then it will feel so good."

I forced myself to relax, to get past the pain. After all, I had fantasized about having him there. I just hadn't realized how much it would hurt.

Joe was right. After a couple of minutes the pain receded, and I could feel him thrusting inside me. The feeling was indescribable! I started rocking my hips, thrusting back against him as he plunged inside my ass.

"Oh God, you feel so good," he crooned. "You're so tight.... I'm going to cum... oh yeah baby, I'm gonna cum in you..."

I increased the pace, forcing him to take me faster. I could feel the heat building again, a hot, fast, screaming orgasm. I screamed into the pillow until Joe grabbed me by the hair, pulling my face up. 

"I want to hear you," he groaned. "Cum with me, baby!"

We came together, both of us howling like the primitive animals we had become. I couldn't tell you who came harder; when we finished we were both covered in sweat, and collapsed on the bed, his cock still in my ass.

He turned me so that we were lying on the bed, spooned together, connected physically by his cock. I whimpered as I felt him getting softer until he slipped out of me. He pulled the condom off and dropped it on the floor next to the other one. He cuddled against me, holding me in his strong arms, both of us basking in the glow left from our love-making.

We lay like that for a time, neither of us wanting to break the spell we'd cast. Finally Joe stirred and sighed. "I guess I should get back to work," he whispered reluctantly.

I grinned wickedly. "Won't they say something if you come back sweaty and smelling of sex?"

He raised his head to look at me. "I suppose you have an answer for that?" he asked, his face full of false innocence.

I grabbed his hand and got up from the bed, drawing him with me. I walked backward toward the bathroom, my eyes on his. We got into the small shower stall together. I squealed when he turned the water on. It came out so cold at first, then gentled to the perfect temperature. We stood together in the warm spray, our bodies nestled together like pieces of a puzzle until I reached over for the soap.

I lathered my hands and began soaping him up. I caressed him everywhere, replenishing my soapsuds as I went along. I ran my hands over his arms, those strong arms that I loved to hold onto as he kissed me. He shivered as I traced the trail of hair down his stomach to his cock. I stroked him gently, the suds making my hands glide along effortlessly. I slid my hands down his muscular legs, loving the feel of him as he quivered beneath my touch.

I raised my hands up his backside, cupping his ass in my hands, allowing one hand to wash between his legs, then up the crack of his ass, pausing for a moment to slip the tip of one finger in his asshole. He moaned then and his hard cock thrust at my face, just begging for me to suck it. I couldn't resist. His cock was so beautiful, glistening wet. 

I started caressing his cock with my hands, gently teasing it, then stroking it fast and hard, like I imagined he'd done it as he fantasized about me. It was amazing that the man could be hard again so soon after we'd made love, but I wasn't about to complain.

I decided I need to take him hard. I grabbed his balls in one hand and grasped them firmly as I slammed my mouth around his cock. As I fucked him with my mouth, I teased his balls, rubbing them, squeezing them. I slid my other hand back to his ass. He'd moaned when I'd given him just the tip of my finger - now I was going to make him howl for me.

I slid one finger inside his ass, timing my thrusts with the ones I was giving him with my mouth. I had to pause every few seconds to breathe, but when I did, I still fucked his ass with my finger. I sucked on his balls, using that hand to stroke his cock while I did. Then I continued my assault on his cock.

His moans and words of encouragement had devolved into a kind of mindless litany, "Oh yeah, baby, suck my cock... you feel so good... oh please don't stop... don't stop... don't stop.... O God! Oh God! Oh God! I'm going to cum! I'm cumming baby, I'm cumming for you!"

His entire body was spasming as he gave a roar when he came in my mouth. I eagerly swallowed every drop. I watched his face as he came for me, my eyes upturned to him. His head was thrown back, his hands were tangled in my hair. His butt cheeks clamped around my finger, his cock was as deep in my mouth as he could get it. He pumped two or three times, roaring with each thrust; then he stood for a moment with his cock down my throat. 

Just as I was sure I was going to pass out from lack of air, he pulled back from me. I licked him and smiled as he pulled me to my feet.

"Wicked woman," he growled as he claimed my lips. We kissed for a few moments, deep kisses, little nibbling kisses. I was weak-kneed again when he finally raised his head and sighed, regretfully. "I really do have to get back to work."

"I know," I sighed too. We turned off the water and stepped out of the shower. I grabbed a couple of towels, handing him one. We dried off, our eyes never leaving each other, then walked back into the bedroom.

Joe looked around, slightly puzzled. "Where are our clothes?"

I laughed and reminded him that we hadn't even gotten to the bedroom before undressing.

"Oh, yeah." he laughed too.

He slipped into the foyer and returned, carrying our clothes. We dressed silently, suddenly shy. Our afternoon of fun had ended, back to the real world.

I followed him to the front door, my mind reeling from what had just happened. Would this ruin our friendship? Had I lost the one person in town I felt connected to? Would our relationship now be strained from what was between us?

As we reached the door he suddenly turned and took me in his arms again. He gave me another of those kisses that left me breathless, then pulled back and looked at me. "Go to dinner with me tonight," he said. It wasn't a request.

I nodded and smiled as he stepped away, opening the door and closing it behind him.

"One....Two....Three..." I counted. The door opened.

"Um... I need a ride back to the station," he said sheepishly. I laughed, pulled on some shoes and grabbed my wallet.

We drove back to the station, holding hands the whole way. I pulled up to the back where the door was open. He leaned over and kissed me lightly as he opened the door, then got out and closed it behind him.

"Hey!" I called. He bent over and looked at me through the window. "Just so you know, I don't kiss on the first date."

I could hear his laughter as I pulled back onto the highway.