 The chronological order of my stories is as follows:

Todd & Melina series, Interludes 1-5, Sperm Wars series, Russian Roulette series, Case of the Murdered Lovers series, Case of the Murdered Chessplayer series, The Swap series, Interludes 6-10, The Murdered Football Player Series, Case of the Black Widow series, Teresa's Christmas Story, The Case of the Black Badge series, A Case of Revenge series, Teresa's Summer Race, The Trilogy series, Dark Side Of The Force series, Caught In The Act series, Case of the Murdered Bride series, The Credit Card Caper series, The Hot Wives Investment Club series, Seriously Inconvenienced series, Case of the Paper Trail series, Christmas Mystery Theater, The Porno Set Mystery series.

The Medical Murder Mystery, Ch. 1-5.

Feedback and constructive criticism is very much appreciated, and I encourage feedback for ideas.

This story contains graphic scenes, language and actions that might be extremely offensive to some people. These scenes, words and actions are used only for the literary purposes of this story. The author does not condone murder, racial language, violence, rape or violence against women, and any depictions of any of these in this story should not be construed as acceptance of the above.



*****

Part 21 - The Crime Scene, Third Time The Charm

"What am I missing my morning coffee for, here, Sergeant Irwin?" I asked as I arrived at sunrise on Thursday, January 8th. I'd arrived before any of my Detectives or the Crime Lab teams. It was Sergeant Irwin this morning, along with Sr. Patrolmen Morton, Patrolman Johnson, and two EMTs that had been called to the scene and found that the victim could not be helped.

Lying in one of the double beds in the room was Dr. Paul Wicker, looking as if he was asleep, lying on his side in a fetal position, facing the edge of the bed, with the covers half on him.

"Door was cracked open when we got here." said Irwin. "I peeked in, then called out to the man, but no movement, so I came in and found that he was dead. I called EMTs per protocol, but they confirmed he was dead.

"So how did this man die?" I mused to myself as I stood close to the body, having looked at the floor already for clues and finding no tracking of any dirt or blood, nor any footprints. "Oh, Jesus H. Christ..."

"What is it, Don?" asked a familiar voice. FBI Special Agent in Charge Jack Muscone was at the doorway. I'd called him as I was driving to the scene. He'd made excellent time getting here, I noted.

"See this big red mark at the base of his neck?" I asked. "Someone took a huge needle, like several inches long, and stabbed it into the base of his head here, up into his head. Probably injected some sort of poison straight into his brain. Maybe he was drugged to be asleep first."

"Geez," whispered Morton, not one for talking.

"And I'd also say that it was a woman that had sex with him before killing him." I said. "Morton, Johnson, make sure the Crime Lab investigates the man's genitals as well as the sheets for a woman's presence. We may get lucky and get some DNA."

"Sergeant Irwin," I said after a moment, "I want you to call in to Sergeant Rudistan and have him pick up Caroline Muncey, Gloria Searles's assistant Jill, Darla Clifford, John D. Clifford, and Dr. Richard Searles. Have them brought in to the Station. Immediately. Caroline Muncey and Richard Searles are to be kept separated from each other at all times, as are Darla and John Clifford from each other. Anyone who wants a lawyer can call one... and I would suggest that they do so. After you leave here, go back to Headquarters and oversee them until I get there to question them."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Sergeant Rudistan told me that everyone I'd requested by brought in was in the Station as I came into the main Conference Room at 8:00am. Caroline Muncey was in Interrogation-A, Dr. Richard Searles in Interrogation-B, and John Clifford in Interrogation-C. Darla Clifford was in an isolation holding cell, as was the assistant Jill.

In the Conference Room were Sheriff Daniel Allgood, District Attorney Gil Krasney, ADAs Paulina Patterson and Franklin Washington, myself, Lt. Cindy Ross, and Detectives Martin Nash and Diana Torres.

"Okay, Commander, you asked me to assemble these guys." said Daniel Allgood. "Do you have an idea of who committed these murders?"

"Paul Wicker, not yet." I said. "But I have a good idea of who killed Lockhart, and I am absolutely sure who the murderer of Gloria Searles is."

The silence and stares of amazement were broken by, who else, Lt. Cindy Ross, who said "Do I need to use this blue crowbar to pry the answer out of you?"

"No, of course not." I said. I then told them who I thought it was, the reasoning for it, and how tricky it would be to get solid proof or a confession.

"How did you eliminate Gloria's husband, Dr. Richard Searles, as a suspect?" asked ADA Paulina Patterson.

"He was at the hospital at the time of her death." I said. "I don't think he had any idea that his wife got up and left the house immediately after he did, so he would not have been able to tell a confederate where she was. Caroline Muncey also has a good alibi. And based upon what else I'm seeing of this case, Richard Searles really didn't have a motive to kill his wife, which cannot be said of the Cliffords... either one."

"Uh oh, reasonable doubt." said ADA Franklin Washington.

"Which I hope to severely diminish." I said. "But it's going to require some careful questioning of the suspects. I want to play the Cliffords off each other, see who we can get to break first. I think we can break John and then we'll have a strong circumstantial case against Darla, but if we can get Darla to confess, what could you offer?"

"I'll offer 25-to-life with parole only after 25 full years, but first we'll only offer to take the death penalty off the table." said Paulina.

"That might not work." I said. "Once Darla realizes her life is essentially over, she may not care about the death penalty. Ditto that for no-nuts John. At the right time, 25 to life?"

"Sure." said Paulina.

"Sheriff," said D.A. Krasney, "I want only the Commander talking to these suspects. Nothing against your other Detectives, but I think only the Iron Crowbar can effectively get what he wants without destroying our case with an ill-timed improper question."

"You got it." said Sheriff Allgood. "Morton will be in the room, as required, but it'll be Commander Troy and ADA Patterson, with Ross watching from the anterooms. The others can watch, too, if they want to and don't have an assignment..."

Just then, Myron came to the door. He was very excited as he was admitted to the meeting. "Sir! We have some tape from the area around the Sunrise Hotel!"

"Don't keep Lieutenant Ross in suspense." I said. As a warning, Cindy waved her crowbar in my general direction. 

Yes sir." said Myron happily. "Here's what we've got: slender figure on a motorcycle came in late in the evening, before midnight. Parking lot camera caught it, though it's a bit of a distance and a wide field. Can't get a good plate image, and the motorcyclist was careful not to take off his or her helmet... went into Room 204 with it on, came out about 4:00am with it on." Myron then played the video on his computer, which he had been hooking up to the projector as he talked. "Commander, I believe you'll recognize the motorcycle."

"Yes. Yes I do." I said, the deadpan of my voice underlying the excitement I felt. "And the motorcycle's driver is the same too... likely a woman, judging from those breasts and legs in the tight leather." I said, then clued everyone in: "Back during the case we called the 'Black Badge' case, Brody and Gunn narrowly avoided being assassinated by this motorcyclist, at least that's my theory of the case."

"Does this help us solve these murders?" asked Sheriff Allgood.

"No sir." I said. "But it puts a few puzzle pieces into place... kind of like the edges of a 1000-piece jigsaw puzzle. I'm getting the framework, the edges, but there's work to do to fill it all in. But... that'll have to wait. I have suspects to interview so Cindy can start planning the wrap-up party after we put some perps in prison..."

Part 22 - Exit Interviews

I went for Caroline Muncey first. She had her attorney present. Entering Interrogation-A, I introduced Paulina Patterson, then read Caroline her rights.

"Dr. Muncey," I said, "would you please tell me the exact and full nature of your relationship with Dr. Richard Searles?"

Caroline's face fell. "I suspect you already know, from the form and tone of your question."

"I still need for you to answer the question." I said.

"Richard and I are good friends." said Caroline. "And we have had a sexual relationship from time to time."

"For how long have you had your affair with Richard Searles?" I asked.

"For the last several years, off and on." Caroline said. "It was never really serious, just a physically sexual thing, and I know he slept with the occasional nurse at the hospital, too. And before you ask: he never said he would leave his wife, I never asked him to leave his wife. It wasn't like that. We just talked from time to time and had sex from time to time."

"Did Gloria know about your relationship with her husband?" I asked.

"As far as I know, she did not." said Caroline.

"Did Richard Searles finance your entry into his wife's medical practice?" I asked. "Say, a loan of $200,000, or so?"

"No sir, he never loaned me any money." Caroline replied.

"Was your relationship with Richard Searles the reason you were preparing to leave Gloria Searles's group?"

"Let me phrase this answer carefully." said Caroline. "Richard was helping me get on Staff at University Hospital. Your wife helped me in that as well, Commander. To that extent, the answer would be yes. But I was not leaving the group due to the affair with Richard; I was leaving because of that sexual harassment asshole Dembo. I had to tell him at one point that if he put his hand on my ass again, I'd shoot him dead. And he was driving business away: his patients were telling my patients of his sexual harassment issues."

"But couldn't Gloria have fired him?" I asked.

"Yes, but he was threatening to make a public issue of it if he was kicked out. And that might have cost me getting on Staff, might have exposed my affair with Richard, and would've hurt the practice badly. Also, Hartwell is making inquiries about getting on staff at City Hospital; if he goes, it really is all over for us."

"So Gloria's death hasn't helped you, has it?"

"No, in fact it may hurt me opening my own practice, though I'm still going to be on Staff at University Hospital."

"So why didn't you tell me all this before?" I asked. "You only made vague references to Dembo, you didn't tell us about Hartwell at all."

"I didn't lie to you, though, Commander." said Muncey. Seeing the look on my face, which was scorn and anger, she continued: "Look, I understand that you are the cops, you're doing your job, which is to find Gloria's killer... and nothing else. But I had, and have, my life and future to think about. I told you Dembo was making female patients uncomfortable, which was true. But if I tell you he sexually harassed me and I threatened to kill him, you're looking at me as a murder suspect, you're publicly investigating Dembo and that Wurtzburg bitch is blabbing it all over the airwaves on her newscasts. Our practice is a shambles as it is with Gloria's death, and I did what I had to do."

I had nothing else to say. I began collecting my things and getting up, and Paulina did the same. She went outside before I did. As I got to the door, I turned, feeling more sad than angry as I said "Dr. Muncey, I am... grateful to you and your medical skills for taking care of my wife's health last autumn. However... at this point, I think it would be a most very good idea if you find new employment... outside of this County. Goodbye, Doctor."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Dr. Richard Searles was looking pale and haggard as I entered Interrogation-B with Paulina. I read him his rights, telling him that it was a precaution.

"Dr. Searles, would you please tell me the full nature of your relationship with Caroline Muncey?" I asked. Searles winced.

"We've... had a sexual relationship at times." said Searles. "Not since October, though."

"But you helped her get on University Hospital's Staff?" I asked.

"Sure, and your wife was an advocate for Caroline after Caroline performed your wife's surgery so well last... September, was it?"

"Did you ever plan to leave your wife for Dr. Muncey or at any other time?"

"No." said Searles. "Like I told you before, things with my wife were getting better the last few weeks."

"So why didn't you tell me about this affair when I talked to you earlier?"

"Come on, Commander." said Searles. "You had just told me my wife was dead. I was in shock; I'm still in shock about it now. And I didn't lie to you, I didn't deny that I'd had an affair. But how would it have looked if I had told you about Caroline then? You might have arrested me on the spot. I didn't deceive you, but I sure didn't want to be figuring out the rest of my life in a jail cell."

"No, you didn't lie to me," I said, my voice severe, "but it is fortunate that I had already figured out you could not have done it, and who likely did. If it had been just about any other Detective, you probably would have been arrested, especially once the affair with Dr. Muncey came out."

"Tell me this, Doctor," I said, "why did you take out a loan of $200,000 four years ago?"

"To pay off a debt." said Dr. Searles. "It had nothing to do with this case. I will say nothing more about it, and if you press, I'll invoke my Fifth Amendment rights."

"Again, Doctor, it is most fortunate for you that I know the truth already." I said. "You were paying off another woman that you were having an affair with. Maybe she was blackmailing you, maybe you were paying her to get an abortion. I don't know, and it doesn't matter for this case."

I got up. "I'm going to go see if I can get Justice for your wife, Dr. Searles. Again, I truly am sorry for your loss. She died because she was concerned for a patient's health, and tried to help that patient without knowing that her caring was what would lead to her death. You indeed lost a treasure far greater than anything Caroline Muncey, or any other women for that matter, provided for you sexually. Good day, Doctor." With that I left, leaving Dr. Searles with a frown on his face.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"Okay, now it gets tricky." I said to Paulina. We entered the rarely used Interrogation-C room.

"Dr. Clifford," I said, "I am going to read you your rights, as a precaution." I did so, then asked if he wanted outside counsel. He declined.

"Doctor, I want you to be truthful with me: your wife was not at home all night last Monday night-Tuesday morning, was she?"

Clifford paused, contemplating things, then shook his head, his eyes introspective.

"Dr. Clifford, let me spell it out for you." I said. "I have a very strong case that your wife murdered Gloria Searles. And if you're not telling me the truth, as you have not been to this point, you become an accessory to that murder. Now I don't think you had anything to do with it, but I'm not going to play games, either... was your wife at home all night last Monday night and Tuesday morning?"

I saw a tear form in Clifford's eye and he laughed a bitter whimper of a laugh. "Doctors." he said, more to himself than to me. "They took my future away from me years ago. And now a doctor, however well meaning, has taken my life away from me now..."

I waited, letting Clifford marshal his thoughts. I knew he was at a huge crossroads in his life. Finally, he said, his voice barely a whisper. "No, Commander. Darla and I argued that night, and she left around 1:00am while I calmed down with some... good smoke, shall we say. She left her cellphone at home, as she often did, and I had no way to reach her. But I swear to God, I had no way of knowing what she was going to do..."

He then straightened up, took command of himself. "But I want immunity from prosecution if you want me to testify to that."

Paulina looked at me expectantly. I just shook my head.

"I can't allow that, Dr. Clifford." I said. "The best I can do... is to get the ADA here to give you 25-to-life... for the murder of the pharmacist, Lockhart."

The look on Paulina's face was priceless. But the look on Clifford's face, seeing that I knew, was even better. His eyes were wide with shock, his mouth gaping. He just about fell out of his chair as he was losing control of his body. He rallied, pulling himself together.

"Well, I have to admit that's a funny one, Commander Troy." Clifford said, his voice almost a series of gasps. "Remind me not to play poker with you, seeing your skills at bluffing."

I smiled, one of those smiles that perps did not want to see. "You must not know of any little reputation I possess, Dr. Clifford, if you think I'm bluffing." I said. "You're going to have plenty of time to play poker, though... in State Prison. Now here's the bottom line up front, Clifford: you give us Darla, you give us what we want to know, and you'll get the leanest sentence possible for your own crimes. But if I walk out of here and go talk to her, and she takes the deal, you'll be looking at the death penalty."

After a moment, John Clifford looked at me and said simply "I call. I'm calling your bluff. If you think I killed anyone, you prove it."

"I will." I said as I got up and walked out, Paulina hustling to follow. Officers came into Interrogation-C and arrested Clifford and took him through the booking process as I and my entourage strode down the hall to Interrogation-1... it was time to confront Darla Clifford, the murderer of Dr. Gloria Searles.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

The lawyer H.J. Lynch had somehow managed to get himself back into representing Darla Clifford. So be it. I was looking forward to him seeing this.

I re-read Darla her rights and made sure to comment that it was being recorded on videotape, as this interview would be. I introduced myself and Paulina Patterson, being as formal and meticulous as I could, almost to the point of a formal Japanese tea ceremony ritual.

"Mrs. Clifford," I said, "We've taken your husband into custody. If he starts singing like the bird I suspect he is, he'll get a deal and you will get the death penalty when you're convicted of murdering Gloria Searles. However, if you cooperate, including the conversations you had with your husband while under house arrest that will show his intent to go out and kill the pharmacist Lockhart, the ADA here is willing to offer you a deal in exchange for your truthful testimony at trial. Do you need a moment to confer with your lawyer?"

"No sir." said Darla. "I will tell you everything. I don't need the deal; I don't care if I live or die."

"Darla, I have to advise you-" started Lynch, but Darla stopped him.

"No, I'll talk to them." she said. "You can go."

"I'll stay here anyway," said Lynch, peering at me, "to make sure this police officer doesn't abuse your rights." Paulina's face showed her anger, but I concentrated on Darla, who had tears coming out of her eyes.

"I... I had no intention of killing anyone." she said. "I was scared, I thought my life was over, and I just didn't know what else to do."

"Dr. Searles was asking you about the bruising on your leg, and she connected it to your use of birth control pills, didn't she?" I asked.

"Yes sir." Darla said. "When I saw her talking to my husband, I was scared to death she was going to tell him. Doctors are like that, can't trust them to shut their fucking mouths, unless it's to keep from confessing to malpractice. You can ask my husband about that."
