 Chapter 1: Inspection

I'd been divorced for several years and had a young son; between taking care of him and living in a small town, I had no social life. 

Since Joe was the only mechanic in town, he was the one who took care of my car. Any time I needed something done I couldn't do myself, I took the car to Joe. He was ex-military and kept himself trim, his hair cropped Marine-short, slightly grizzled. He had black hair that was starting to show a touch of grey, sparkling hazel eyes, and a quick wit. I discovered he was one of the few people in town who I could talk to. 

Most people there had never lived anywhere else; he and I could share stories about life elsewhere. He'd tell me about places he'd been with the military; as an ex-military wife, I had stories of my own. I'd lived all over the US and even had one tour overseas under my belt. I could look at him in his work clothes and imagine him in BDUs - and I'd always had a thing for a man in uniform.

Problem was, he was married. VERY married. He'd married his high school sweetheart right after graduation, and at 45 seemed to be happy that way.

Our local paper always listed the new suits filed in the courthouse for the previous week. I was shocked to see his name there one day. I pointed it out to my mother.

"Oh," she replied. "Apparently he's been having an affair. The girl he's been cheating with couldn't keep her mouth shut about it. I'm not surprised his wife left him."

Suddenly it was ok to think about Joe - and boy, did I start thinking.

I'd find myself fantasizing about him after a trip to the garage; I'd play with my nipples and imagine it was Joe nuzzling at them, I'd finger myself and dream of him bending me over the fender of a car in the garage. One of my favorite fantasies was of giving him head in the garage, hearing him moaning as I deep-throated him.

One day I asked him about the divorce, and told him people were saying it was because he cheated.

"Is it true?" I asked him.

"Mayyyybe," he answered, giving me a look from under his lashes. I felt a flash of desire run through me. If he was going to be on the market, did that mean I stood a chance?

The next time I was in the garage, I stood beside him while he looked up a part on the computer. I casually let my breast brush his arm. He didn't seem to notice. I didn't want to be too obvious because his helper, who was working in the next bay, might notice. When I moved away Joe looked at me and smiled. I knew then he had noticed.

When I picked up my car the next day I decided to take a chance.

"Hey," I said nervously. "Um.. look. If you ever feel like getting some dinner sometime, I'd like to go with you," I stammered. Jesus! What was I, sixteen?

I felt so stupid, especially when he answered, "I'll have to keep that in mind."

I groaned as I drove away. How stupid can you be? One chance to make an impression, and I probably seemed like an idiot.

I stayed away for three months. The car was acting fine, so I really had no reason to go in anyway. Lucky me, I live in a state that requires yearly inspections. Mine was due in August. One day I steeled myself to face Joe again and headed to the garage. 

I stopped at the quick-mart to get a Pepsi, and a friend pointed out that I had until the first of September to get the inspection, and why pay for another twelve months when I had a month left?

Missed that bullet! I could put it off for another month.

One morning mom reminded me to get my car inspected. I decided to do it before I had a chance to get nervous about it. I dressed carefully - casual, yet cute - grabbed my keys and headed to the garage.

Joe smiled as I pulled up.

"Need your inspection?"

"Yup," I replied, trying to seem nonchalant, looking around. I didn't see his helper.

"Pull 'er on in here, let's see what we got."

I pulled in and shut off the motor, leaving the keys on so he could read the mileage.

He walked up to the door as I opened it, partially blocking me as I got out.

"You gonna move so I can get out?" I teased.

He stepped back a tad so I could move, and then checked the mileage. He walked over to his desk and made small talk as he filled in the information for the sticker book and prepared my sticker. He was changing the razor blade on the scraper - I could just see him slicing his finger open.

"You be careful, Joe."

"It's ok, I have a first-aid kit," he joked.

"I've got my first-aid certification," I answered, "I'll take care of you."

He grinned at me as he moved over and installed my new sticker. I rested one hip against the fender and watched him. He didn't seem to be in a rush to get back to work, so I figured we could chat a bit. So far he hadn't seemed to remember my awkward pass earlier that summer, and I relaxed as he leaned back on the fender next to me, on hand behind me on the fender.

We talked for a few minutes, about our kids, about growing older. As we chatted I realized he was moving closer and closer. Soon he had his arm around me, his hand on my hip.

"What do you think you're doing?" I asked quietly.

"What do you think I'm doing?" he said. 

"Does that feel good?" he asked as he rubbed his hand down to my ass.

"Yeah it does." I was having trouble breathing. I couldn't believe this was happening. He pulled me closer and started nibbling on my neck, his hand moving to the front of my pants. I pulled away as he tried to stroke me. "Joe we can't..."

"Why not?" his breath was coming as quickly as my own.

"Well," I replied, trying to make things light, "The bay doors are open - someone could see us. Plus," I blushed, "I'm kinda... in a female way at the moment."

"Come here," he replied, grabbing my hand and pulling me into the second bay. "The doors over here are closed, no one can see us."

He put his hands on my ass and rubbed himself against me. He moaned as I stroked my cheek against his. We shared several nibbling kisses. I held on to his muscular arms; my head was swimming. I wanted him so bad - I didn't want to stop, but I panicked.

"Joe," I groaned his name and hid my head against his chest, trying to regain my balance. I pulled away and headed blindly for my car. "I gotta go..."

"Here," he said. "Come over here."

The desire in his voice tore at me, and I followed him to a room further into the garage. He put one arm around me and reached down my shirt with the other hand, stroking my breast. I placed one hand on his pants, savoring the feel of his hard cock, knowing he wanted me.

He moaned and used his free hand to unzip his pants. He grabbed my hand and placed it on his cock. I stroked him lightly.

"I know what you want," I whispered. "Should I be evil?"

"Oh, yeah," he said softly, his hand in my hair.

I pulled back slightly. "I could be really evil and just leave, you know," I teased, then stroked his hard cock again. "But I want to do this instead..."

His breath caught as I went to my knees and took him into my mouth. I savored the feel of him in my mouth, sucking and nibbling. I hadn't had a man in my mouth in so long - he felt so good!

His hands were in my hair as he started fucking my mouth. "Oh, god, I'm gonna cum," he moaned. "Do you want me to cum?" he asked.

I stopped sucking long enough to answer, "YES," hoarsely. I wanted him to cum in my mouth; I wanted to feel him tremble, knowing he was cumming for me.

He growled as I started taking him deep in my throat over and over again. Finally he thrust himself deep in me and I tasted him as he filled my throat with his cum. I swallowed it all and licked him, making sure to get every drop.

He laughed a little as I ran my tongue along the underside of his dick and looked up at him.

"Feeling better?" I asked as I bit at the bottom button on his shirt, then stood up.

"Much," he answered, that twinkle I adored in his eye.

I leaned against the wall for a moment and closed my eyes, my legs shaking. I couldn't believe my fantasy had come true.

"Let me go look out here for a minute," he said as he stepped back out into the bay. "It's ok," he said after a second. "There's nobody out here." 

I was still shaking as I joined him. He took my hand and led me back to my car.

"You don't know how long I've dreamed of doing that for you," I said as we walked.

"Really?" he sounded surprised.

He helped me into my car. I turned the key and nothing happened. He laughed.

"We left the lights on," he said. "Now your battery's dead."

He grabbed the charger and plugged it in as I popped the hood.

"You know," he said with a look out the corner of his eye, "You're gonna need a new battery soon."

I grinned at him. "Yeah, I'll probably come in next week to get one." 

I left the car running when I went around to the office to pay for the inspection.

"Joe get you everything you needed?" the manager asked.

I couldn't help but grin. "Yup, he fixed me right up." I replied.