 The chronological order of my stories is as follows:

Todd & Melina series, Interludes 1-5, Sperm Wars series, Russian Roulette series, Case of the Murdered Lovers series, Case of the Murdered Chessplayer series, The Swap series, Interludes 6-10, The Murdered Football Player Series, Case of the Black Widow series, Teresa's Christmas Story, The Case of the Black Badge series, A Case of Revenge series, Teresa's Summer Race, The Trilogy series, Dark Side Of The Force series, Caught In The Act series, Case of the Murdered Bride series, The Credit Card Caper series, The Hot Wives Investment Club series, Seriously Inconvenienced series, Case of the Paper Trail series, Christmas Mystery Theater, The Porno Set Mystery series.

The Medical Murder Mystery, Ch. 1.

Feedback and constructive criticism is very much appreciated, and I encourage feedback for ideas.

This story contains graphic scenes, language and actions that might be extremely offensive to some people. These scenes, words and actions are used only for the literary purposes of this story. The author does not condone murder, racial language, violence, rape or violence against women, and any depictions of any of these in this story should not be construed as acceptance of the above.



*****

Part 1 - Prologue: Auld Lang Syne

It was New Year's Eve, and my wife Laura and I were attending the party at the home of the University President, Dr. Sidney P. Wellman and his lovely wife Sally. Laura liked coming to the Wellman's party on New Year's Eve because it was semi-formal and 'dressy', and my wife does like to dress up. Not that that's a complaint... Laura was looking gorgeous in her almost shimmery silver-gray dress and light silver-gray high heel pumps. I was wearing a suit, and a tie that almost matched Laura's silver-gray dress. 'Wildcat Red' was not in vogue in these parts.

Despite the dressiness and formality, the Wellmans had invited personal friends to this party as opposed to a University Department or the Town & County officials, so it was a varied mix of people. Laura and I talked with Town & County Councilman John 'Jack' Colby and his wife, then Chief Griswold and his wife. At the stroke of midnight, Griswold would be retired, but he was feeling no pain and his cheeks were rosy as he was kept supplied with some high-quality bourbon.

Some minutes later, Laura and I were talking to my nephew Todd and his gorgeous wife Jeanine, who was looking absolutely stunning in a clingy red dress and matching red pumps. Her cheeks were also seemingly flushed and rosy, giving rise to an observation and deduction. It was confirmed when, as Todd was telling me how well their business was getting off the ground, I heard my wife whisper to Jeanine "Have you told him yet?" and Jeanine replied "No, I'm waiting until we get home."

The new Captain of Precinct Two, the large black athlete Damien Thompson, was at the party, and he introduced his wife, a lovely black woman named LaTasha. They were hot looking couple, I thought to myself as I talked to them. A moment later, ADA Franklin Washington, who was black, came up to our group and introduced his wife Susie... she was a white woman, older than him, at least in her 40s while he looked to be in his young 30s at the oldest. Susie was pretty, tall and lanky, nice legs, and her full head of brown hair was in gentle curls that reached down to her shoulders and back.

Some moments later, as Laura and I talked with the Wellmans, Dr. Wellman noted that Daniel and Melina Allgood had sent regrets, citing Melina's advanced pregnancy. Sally asked "When is your sister's baby due?"

"Officially, January 16th." Laura replied. "But to be honest with you, Melina looks like she's ready to have it any day now. Either I mis-timed the date, or he's going to be one very large baby. I've told her to rest and relax as much as she can."

At one point in time Laura and I were standing together alone, both observing the other people, and probably making some disparate observations and deductions for later gossip. Then Laura asked me "So, darling, what is your New Year's resolution going to be?"

"To make love with you more often." I replied, making my wife's eyes sparkle.

"Well, I'll certainly do all I can to help you keep that one." said Laura. Then we both saw them.

Dr. Richard Searles was the highly esteemed cardiologist at University Hospital. He was tall and distinguished, his hair just graying a bit... though I had a sense that he did that on purpose to give himself an even more distinguished look. He was in his upper-40s, and was ten years older than the woman with whom he'd entered the room: his lovely wife, Dr. Gloria Searles.

A little jolt of electricity went through me at the sight of her. In her mid-thirties, Gloria was a gorgeous woman. Gloria was also relatively short, lithe, large-breasted, thin waist and flaring hips... and with one of the hottest pairs of legs on the planet. She was wearing a brownish-tan dress, almost 'nude' color, that clung to her dynamite body, and light nude-colored high-heel sandals with a closed toe, virtually out of fashion today but I wasn't complaining.

Her black hair was worn short, and her makeup was designed to make her face seem slightly more pale and white than her natural skin color, a practice used in Japan in the past. Her lipstick was a luscious, almost bright red, and perfectly showed off her luscious but small mouth, a mouth I very much wanted to kiss and also slide my cock into...

"I think I know what my next resolution is." I whispered to Laura.

"I don't blame you a bit." Laura said. "But she's a cold fish, personality-wise. If you can melt that block of ice and get nuts-deep inside her, you'll have earned your 'miracle man' reputation in this County." Laura and I had had this conversation before about the Searles couple, and I had no problem with having it again...

"I'll take that challenge." I said. "If you can distract him long enough with your lusciously feminine charms." I knew Laura would not object at all to swinging and swapping with this couple, as she found Richard Searles handsome and 'hot' to her. But they were also rather prudish, and Gloria was practically a Puritan.

Laura didn't waste time, and practically drug me over to talk with them.

"Richard, you remember my husband Don?" my wife said.

"Ah yes, I remember our consultation during your investigation of that poor football player that died." said Richard Searles as he shook my hand. "This is my wife, Dr. Gloria Searles. Gloria, you remember Police... it's Commander now, isn't it?... Don Troy and his wife, Dr. Laura Fredricson from our Psychology Department?"

"Yes, it's nice to see you again." Gloria said, offering her hand to me. I took it almost more in a manner to kiss it, though I didn't, and very slightly pulled it towards me. Many women like this very subtle flirtation, but it seemed to have no effect on the ice-cold Gloria Searles. Sheesh, Teresa 'Cunt' Croyle was warm in comparison. Gloria's handshake with Laura was even icier, barely a recognition.

"That's a very lovely dress, Mrs.- er, I guess I should say 'Doctor Mrs.' Searles." I said, continuing the game. "And yes, 'Doctor Mister' Searles, I do remember our consultation, and appreciate your help on that case."

"Yes, and you've done an extraordinary job, from what I'm hearing." said Richard Searles. "Gloria, Commander Troy is the man Chief Griswold was telling us about... he has solved some incredible cases."

Just as I was about to respond, Laura jumped in, subtly continuing the game: "I would say my husband is to Detection as you are to cardiology, Dr. Searles... the very best. Our Hospital is lucky to have you."

"Ah, you're much too kind..." said Richard, and as they began talking cardiology, Laura imperceptibly led him slightly away, putting a bit of distance between us so that I could talk with the gorgeous Gloria Searles alone.

"I've never had much contact with the police." said Gloria. "And I'm sure you'll understand when I say I hope to keep it that way. But standing here, you're not what I'd imagine is a stereotypical policeman. And that is a compliment, Commander." 

"My wife did insist I not wear my uniform. And please, call me Don... so that I feel even less like a policeman in your presence." I said, then changed the focus by asking "So I understand you are in private practice?"

"Oh yes," said Gloria. "I'm in general practice, but the regulations are getting so bad that I grouped together with a few specialists to whom I refer patients. Your wife's gynecologist is in our group, Dr. Caroline Muncey. Our group is Searles, Hartwell, Dembo & Muncey, P.C."

"Ah, yes." I said. "She's excellent. She really has taken care of my wife's health."

"I'm glad to hear that." Gloria said flatly. "How are your children? Dr. Yelena is a pediatrician, if they ever need medical services."

"I'm happy to say they're doing very well, and I'm very blessed to have them." I said. "Do you have any children?"

"No." said Gloria, again rather impassively. "My husband and I have led such busy lives that we've delayed having children for now."

Just then Dr. Richard Searles returned, my wife no longer able to distract him. As they excused themselves, Laura and I saw Audrey Nethers and her husband.

Audrey Nethers was a drop-dead gorgeous redhead in her late 20s. Her hair was slightly darker red than my 'strawberry blonde', a full rich orange-red that was perfect with her beautiful face. She was wearing a long, gold dress and very high heel gold lamé sandals that I knew she would always wear with a toga during sexual parties she and her husband attended. She had the reputation of giving the hottest blowjob of any woman just about anywhere, and I looked forward to finding that out... she and her handsome, fit young husband were part of the Libertines swingers group that my wife and I had recently had the good fortune to be invited to join.

Audrey and her husband Andrew were a 'Ken and Barbie' cute couple. He was reputed to have a ten inch cock and had been part of the Sigma Epsilon Chi (SEX) unofficial fraternity that my nephew Todd was a part of. Indeed, Todd had sampled Audrey's sexual charms, and thought very highly of them.

I also knew one other thing... that before she had married, Audrey had been one of the women I'd seen on Jack Burke's sex tape recordings. She had fucked my nemesis, the hung stud Jack Burke, and I still had that coupling on a DVD for watching in bed with Laura.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

At about 11:30pm, I noticed Gloria Searles making her way upstairs. Some of us knew that there were bathrooms upstairs and would go up there instead of having to wait for a downstairs 'opportunity'. Speaking of opportunities, I decided to take one here. 

Gloria had gone into a bathroom that served one of the guest bedrooms. As I came into the bedroom and to the door, I quickly fastened a sprig of mistletoe on the top frame of the door.

When Gloria came out, she almost ran headlong into me. "Oh!- I'm sorry, Don, I didn't know you were there." she said breathlessly as I stood in her way. "I should get back to my husband."

"Before you go, Gloria," I said huskily, using her first name, "we should honor the tradition of the mistletoe, don't you think?"

Gloria looked up, seeing the mistletoe just above her. Not giving her a chance to move, I moved quickly up to her and, bending my head down, pressed my lips right onto hers in a firm but gentle kiss!

"Mmmf!" Gloria gasped... but she did not pull away! I let my hands slide onto her waist as I probed her lips with my tongue, sliding past them with an effort and contacting her tongue with mine. Almost imperceptibly, I took her small purse and placed it on the dresser just behind me.

Oh wow! It was one of the hottest sensations of my life... just this bit of a kiss, just tasting her tongue a bit, was intensely hot and pleasurable. The feeling of Gloria's lipsticked lips on mine were as good as any woman I'd ever kissed... my wife Laura was 'as good' but certainly not better!

Gloria was in shock as I probed her mouth with my tongue. She was letting it happen, not fighting it but not really responding to it, either. As I pulled her body into mine slightly, her lips parted enough for me to slide my tongue over hers and deeper into her mouth.

Alas, it did not last much longer. Gloria gently pushed me back, breaking the kiss. I did not know if she was going to storm out screaming, if she'd try to slap or hit me, or if she'd stay for another kiss.

"I... I need to go." she said, maneuvering past me and walking quickly towards the door, her legs moving smoothly and elegantly on her high heels. As she got to the door, she said "Have a good night, Don." I took that as a positive sign.

Just then Audrey Nethers came into the room and up to me. "That looked good." she said. "You're going after her? Trying to get into her... very... tight pants?"

"I might give it a shot." I replied, my eyes boring into the beautiful redhead's. "What do you think? Should I?"

"Sure, and I'll do whatever I can to help you." Audrey said. "She is a real bitch, really ice cold. I'd love to see you melt her down and fuck her brains out." I felt Audrey's hand on the front of my pants, gently feeling up my cock... which was throbbing with iron hardness. "And I see she made you very, very hot, Mr. Iron Crowbar."

"Yes... yes she did." I replied as Audrey undid my pants, fished out my thickening, lengthening meat. She knelt down as she gently jacked my shaft, and I could feel her warm breath on my manhood. 

"Mmmm, should I give you some relief now?" she asked in her sultry voice.

"You wouldn't tease me, would you?" I hoarsely asked.

"Mmmm, no, baby." Audrey said. With that, she slid my cock into her mouth, and oh my fucking god! was it ever hot...

Audrey's mouth was every bit as good as it was reputed to be. She sucked in as she slid her lips up my shaft to the tip, then slid her tongue against the base of my meat as her mouth sank back down to envelop my length fully. She began giving me head in earnest, sucking deeply and wetly, the room filling with the soft smacks of an incredibly good blowjob being delivered.

I knew I wouldn't last three minutes, the time that studs reputedly had to withstand of Audrey's oral talents, but I didn't have to... I noticed that a dark shadow was peeking into the door from the hallway, watching Audrey fellate me. I realized it was Gloria... she'd forgotten to get her handbag.

"Okay, beautiful," I said. "I hate to stop this, but we need to go back downstairs. As Audrey stood up and put my cock back in my pants and zipped me up, I whispered to her that Gloria was watching and wanting to get her handbag. Audrey smiled and we made our way together out of the bedroom and back downstairs to the party.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"Should old acquaintance be forgot

And never brought to mind

Should all acquaintance be forgot

And auld lang syne

For auld lang syne, my dear,

For auld lang syne,

We'll take a cup o' kindness yet,

For auld lang syne"

As the ball dropped on the television screen and the grandfather clock in the large room struck midnight, I kissed my beautiful wife's luscious mouth deep and hard, and she returned it with her usual fire and passion. We were not the only couples in the room kissing, and even Dr. Wellman and his wife Sally were locked in a passionate embrace for a moment.

Fireworks were going off in the backyard of the University President's mansion as well as all over the Town. Laura and I went outside for a few moments, braving the cold to watch the display. I noticed some fireworks going off over Promontory Point on the mountain ridge line, and instinctively looked over to where the remains of The Cabin were... and I made another resolution that at this time next year, fireworks would be sparkling from over the top of a new dwelling there...

After about fifteen minutes, guests started to leave. I'd noticed that the Searles were not there at midnight. That mystery was solved by Audrey Nethers, who along with her husband followed Laura and myself out.

"Gloria apparently got her handbag and quickly found her husband and dragged him out of here." Audrey quietly told me as my wife gave her husband a warm goodnight kiss next to their car. "I might have embarrassed you a bit... I whispered to her that I saw her watching me suck your cock, and that she could have your cock for herself if she wanted it."

"Oh wow." I said. "What did she say to that?"

"She turned beet red, then said 'Excuse me.' and practically ran to find her husband."Audrey said, smiling. "Then they left. I'll bet she's already fucking him at home."

"We'll never know." I said. "You have a great night." I kissed Audrey's mouth, our tongues locking in a hot, wet kiss for a moment. Then I let her go as Laura finished making out with Audrey's husband. As my wife and I headed home, Laura handed me a 'gray viagra'.

"Honey," I said, "I don't need that. Let me tell you what happened tonight." I told Laura all about the kiss with Gloria, the memory of it still keeping my cock throbbing with a dull ache.

"Take that pill anyway." my wife ordered. "You have a lot of work to do tonight to cool my fires, too. And I want you to think of that kiss while you're fucking my brains out; I suspect you're going to be a stallion in bed for the next several hours, and I'm going to take advantage of it..."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Richard Searles rolled off of his wife Gloria, still trying to catch his breath, a joyous lassitude of post-coital bliss spreading through his sweat-covered body. He had just come inside his beautiful wife after a deep, intense coupling in which Gloria had cried out in climax at least twice.

"Oh darling, that was so good." he gasped. He rolled over towards her and put his arm over her, cradling her in a 'spoons' position. "I love you, honey. We need to do that more often."

"We will." Gloria murmured. "We should think of starting a family, too." Her husband's heart surged at those words. He'd longed to have children with his wife for the longest time.

"You were really on fire tonight." Richard said, gently kissing his wife's neck. "That's not a complaint, though. I just wonder what got you going... I want to make sure it happens again."

"I'm sure it will, dear." Gloria said sleepily. "I just wanted to start the new year off making love with you." She did not tell her husband the real reasons, nor what she had been thinking while having intercourse with her husband. She was thinking about the kiss Don had given her, and she was remembering the vision of Don's long, thick cock, bigger than her husband's slender six inches, as that redheaded slut Audrey Nethers had fellated Don. The fantasy thoughts of the tall, broad-shouldered redheaded cop on top of her, Gloria, fucking her soaking wet cunt had made Gloria's cunt soaking wet and burning hot with sexual need, a need that her husband had not satisfied...

Part 2 - Parades and New Additions

January 1st, New Years Day, was bright and sunny, and also very cold with a little bit of wind. A perfect winter day. At 11:00am on January 1st, the parade started at the Depot at Junction Station. A procession of several New Years Day floats came up the highway and then along College Street, the east-west road that led from University Avenue to Courthouse Square and was the south road of the box of the Square. 

Following the floats were two Fire Engines, preceded and followed by police cruisers, all the Public Service vehicles flashing their red and blue and white lights. Upon the first Engine road Police Chief Emeritus Griswold, and on the second was Fire Chief Emeritus Gillem, both now officially retired after years of dedicated active service to the Town and County. This parade was partly for them.
