 Chapter 2: Battery Change

I made an appointment the next Monday to have my battery replaced, and spent the entire weekend fantasizing about Joe. I hoped we'd be able to spend more time together, but I wasn't going to hold my breath. At least I'd get to see him again!

Monday morning I dressed in a light blouse and a short skirt. I made sure I was nicely trimmed, just in case, and wore a pair of lace boy-shorts underneath. It was all I could do not to be at the garage when they opened; I didn't want to seem too eager.

I pulled into the garage right on time. Joe waved for me to pull on into the bay. As I shut off the motor he closed the door. That's when I noticed all the other doors were shut as well, and there was no sign of the other mechanic.

"How's it going, Joe?" I asked casually as he helped me out of the car and shut the door.

Instead of answering he trapped my body between him and the car and lowered his lips to mine. I moaned against his mouth as he slipped his tongue into my mouth. My hands slipped up and grasped at those marvelous shoulders. He was so strong!

His hands lowered to my waist, pulling me closer. I was drowning in his kisses. Just when I thought I couldn't breathe anymore, he pulled back to look into my eyes. He knew in that one look that I couldn't deny him anything, I was totally his. 

Joe held me there against the car and bent his head to my breast. He teased my right nipple with one hand while he mouthed at the other through my shirt. I moaned again and arched my back so he could reach them more easily. I felt him laugh against my breast. He was loving the power he held over me.

He reached down to the hem of my skirt with his left hand and pulled it up, his hand cupping my ass. He pulled my hips against his as he straightened and kissed me again. I shivered as teeth nipped at my lips. I opened my mouth to say something, but he placed one finger over my lips and gave me a look, telling me without words to be quiet.

Both of his hands were on my ass, grinding his hard cock against me. He was groaning softly as we dry-humped. I was whimpering, my pussy was so wet. He was moving his hands over my ass, caressing me over the lacy fabric of my underwear. When he slipped his hands down inside my underwear to better feel my skin I moaned.

He picked me up and I wrapped my legs around his hips, my skirt riding all the way up to my waist. He sidestepped until he could rest me on the front fender of my car. He raised me slightly and slipped my underwear down, stepping back so he could slide it off. As he raised back up from pulling my boy-shorts over my feet, he pushed me back a little, so I was supporting my weight on my hands.

I almost screamed as he slid his head between my legs. He used one hand to pull the lips of my pussy apart as he tortured my clit, circling it with his tongue, nipping at it with his teeth. When he sucked on it like he had my nipple I couldn't hold my weight on my hands anymore. I lowered myself to my elbows, giving him better access to my pussy and I could see his face.

His eyes were closed, his face full of concentration as he pleasured me. Then he slipped his finger inside me and I threw my head back, giving myself over to the intense feelings he was causing. I'm not quiet in bed, but he had told me to be quiet, so what would normally have been screams of ecstasy came out as whimpers and gasps. I could feel him moaning against my pussy, and knew he was loving this as much as I was.

He slipped another finger inside me, then another, stretching me as he plunged his fingers into me. It was all I could do not to cry out. He took the hand away that was holding my pussy lips open, and pulled my hips closer to his mouth. I was lying on the hood of the car by then, completely unable to hold myself up. I grabbed his head in my hands and raised my hips to his mouth, my body shaking with the need to cum.

As I raised my hips his slid a finger into my ass. It was more than I could stand. I cried out as he fucked my ass with his finger, keeping rhythm with the pace set by this other hand and his mouth. I came, my juices flowing out over his hand, and still he didn't stop. He kept fucking me with his hands and sucking on my clit as I came again, this time a wail escaped my lips as stars exploded in my head. 

He slowed his hands and slipped his fingers out of me; I whimpered as he gave me a last few licks, then raised his head. I opened my eyes as he took my hand and pulled me to a sitting position on the fender and held me against his chest. I closed my eyes and huddled against him, my body still trembling.

Joe placed one still-wet finger under my chin and raised my lips to his, giving me another of those soul-searing kisses. He stroked my hair and moved his hand behind my neck. The other arm went around my waist, pulling me closer to him.

"I've been thinking of doing that all weekend," he said in his quiet, gravely voice as he broke the kiss.

I snuggled into his arms for a moment and sighed. "So have I." Then I looked up at him. "You realize that none of this is getting my battery changed, don't you?"

He laughed and took a step back. "Ever the practical lady, aren't you?"

I shrugged and laughed with him. He bent down and picked my underwear up off the floor. He pulled them up over my feet and up my legs, following the movement of the underpants with his tongue. My breath was getting short when he stopped just short of my pussy. He pulled me off the fender and finished pulling my panties up, his hands spanning my ass.

He lowered his mouth to mine again and pulled me close. Man, this guy could kiss! I was breathless again by the time he raised his head. He waited until he saw I was back in control of myself before releasing me, pulling my skirt down as he moved away.

"You gonna wait here while I do your battery?"

I shrugged, "I thought I'd walk home and you could pick me up when you're done."

"That wouldn't be a problem," he said with a little smile.

Just then we heard the sound of the other bay door being opened. 

I stepped away from Joe and turned to leave, giving the other mechanic a smile as I passed him.