 I had chatted with Rhonda for a couple of weeks online, and after a couple of phone chats we decided to meet up at a restaurant.

I had started this process with a few other women, but in a couple cases I chickened out; in one case, I met the woman, we had a nice dinner and talk and then went our separate ways.

Rhonda wasn't going to let me chicken out, that's for sure. We set the time of our meeting and she texted me several times that day.

When I got to the bar, it was all I could do to stop me from turning and walking back to my car in the parking garage. I asked for a table for two and left my name with the host for when Rhonda came in.

I was seated for only a minute or so when Rhonda was ushered to my table. She was tall, in her 40s, with short reddish-brown hair and blue eyes. She was wearing blue jeans and a blouse.

I had come from work, still wearing my dress pants and shirt and a tie.

From the moment she sat at the table, there was electricity between us. Still, I didn't know what would happen. A few drinks made us both drop any inhibitions.

After a while, she put her hand on my thigh under the table and moved up to my cock, rubbing it through my dress pants.

As she did this, she called over our waitress.

"Can I help you?" the waitress said.

"Do you think he's sexy?" Rhonda said, looking at me.

The waitress looked a little perplexed. "Sure. ... Yeah."

"Would you like to join us after work?" Rhonda asked.

"Well, I can't for a few hours, but let me know if you need anything else in the meantime," the waitress said, and she high-tailed it out of there.

Rhonda turned to me and laughed.

"Let me see your driver's license," she said. "I don't believe that you're 41. You're more like 30-something."

I reached to my back pocket, pulled out my wallet and she snatched it from my hand, thumbing through its contents. She found the driver's license. "I'll be damned. You look younger."

By that time, my right hand had made it to her jean-covered thigh and between her legs. She was damp enough that I could feel her juices through her pants.

"Let's get out of her," she said and gave me a deep kiss.

Maybe it was the alcohol, maybe it was Rhonda's sexy aggressiveness but we flew through the bar and walked down the street to the parking garage. I felt her ass as we walked along the sidewalk. She was parked in the same parking garage, and we went up to her black SUV with tinted windows on the fourth level.

In the back seat, we started making out: kissing and petting. She was wet and hot through her jeans. She broke away and took off the jeans and her panties, giving me full access to her shaved pussy. I started fingering her while kissing her and playing with her breasts.

After several minutes, she pushed me back, and wiggled down between my legs. She undid my tie and unbuttoned my shirt, feeling the hair in the middle of my chest and tracing the hair down to my belt. She undid the belt and unclasped the top of my pants, and I pushed them and my boxers past my thighs, exposing my thick, seven-inch cock.

She immediately started to suck up and down it masterfully. She took my balls into her mouth, which no woman had ever done to me before. I held the sides of her head, occasionally brushed her hair back to watch her and just enjoyed everything she did.

"I wasn't going to do this," she said, breaking away from my spit-slickened cock, and she reached for her purse in the front seat. "But I want you to fuck me."

She pulled a condom out of her purse, opened it and slid it over my cock. She straddled me with her knees on the seat and slowly lowered herself onto my cock. Slowly. Deeply. Until our bodies me, my cock was engulfed by the wettest pussy I've ever had.

We fucked like that - slow, then fast, slow again, then like jackrabbits - for what seemed like a half-hour. I thrusted deeper inside her and felt her bite down on my neck, both of us grunting and moaning.

"Oh, God," she cried as a signal to me, and we both came.

We cleaned up each other and kissed deeply. I reached down to where our juices mingled and brought two fingers up to her mouth.

Eventually, we pulled up our clothes, coming together to kiss, and finally exited her SUV. We had a deep kiss again as she got in the driver's seat and I headed toward my car.

"I've got your tie," she texted me about 10 minutes later. "You'll have to cum and get it another time."

We set up another date, but for some reason we had to break it. I moved away two months later, and we've never hooked up again.