 Background

My wife is a whore...a slut...a cocksucking Goddess who will suck and fuck anyone who wants her, particularly black men. And I love it.

Why, you might ask, would a husband married to a gorgeous woman like Allie want his wife to fuck other men? It's a natural question to ask, but unless you've experienced the kind of sexual highs only watching your wife getting fucked by other men can provide it will be hard for you to understand why I love it so.

Perhaps I should tell you a little more about us. We've purposely not had children, leaving us free to engage in the kind of alternate lifestyle we love so much. A side benefit of that is that Allie has been able to retain a great body with no stretch marks or sagging of any kind. She's a fairly tall, gorgeous brunette with sexy brown eyes and a pair of amazing 38DD tits. Clearly Allie would never be accused of being skinny, but she's not fat either. Just fleshy enough to hold on to while fucking her and enjoying the kind of curvaceous body that was built for fucking. She keeps her pussy shaved, and, like me, absolutely LOVES cum. She loves it on her face, in her mouth, in her cunt, and yes, in her ass as well. She also likes smooth shaved balls and cocks, especially black ones, so she's shaved me as well, my entire body. Also, at my request she has fucked me with a strap-on and loves treating me like one of those "leather fetish" biker type gays. So as you may have guessed by now, yeah, I'm bisexual. I love sucking cocks as much as my wife does, although it was a steady progression that began three years ago just as do most transformations. 

At first I just watched as Allie fucked her lovers in front of me while I masturbated. It began with her going out with a girlfriend one night while I was out of town. After one too many drinks she and her friend let the guys they picked up fuck them, and rather than keeping that from me she confessed it all. Strangely it made my cock rock hard and we had great sex that night. Allie asked me if I'd like her to do it again and I admitted I would. One thing led to another and now she's a raging slut.

The first time she brought home a guy she picked up in a bar it was a little awkward. The guy wasn't sure how I was going to handle it, but when he realized I wasn't interested in him he relaxed and as I watched the action proceeded as though I wasn't even there. He and Allie undressed, and got onto our bed with me watching from a nearby chair. I undressed as well, but was content to merely sit there jacking off as my wife let this stranger eat her pussy and then fuck her. It was probably the most exciting night of my life, or at least it was until then. 

As they fucked I had to squeeze my cock hard several times in order to hold off coming until they did, but when Allie cried out that the guy was coming in her unprotected pussy I shot several spurts of cum so high one of them hit my face I was so hot.

Afterward the guy quickly got dressed and left. Allie was lying there on the bed, her hair mussed, body glistening in sweat, with both of us breathing deeply, still excited over what had transpired. 

"Come here, baby," she said, and I did, climbing onto the bed next to her, feeling her huge tits, her nipples still rock hard.

"God!" I breathed.

"Did you enjoy watching him fucking me?" Allie asked.

"Yeah! Hell yeah!" I said.

"He came in my cunt, baby," she grinned, those killer brown eyes stArnieg into mine.

"I know."

"Remember what you said you'd do if I ever fucked a guy in front of you?" she asked.

"Yes," I said, my cock hardening again now.

"Well? Aren't you going to do it?" she grinned, spreading her legs. "It's still warm for you," she added, reaching down to her cunt, spreading it open for me. And so I did it.

I crawled down on the bed in between her thighs, kissing them as I moved closer to her freshly fucked pussy. I could see it, of course... his cum. It was on her thighs and in her cunt, and when Allie flexed her inner muscles some of it ran out of her pussy and down into her ass crack.

"God!" I whispered.

"Do it, baby," Allie said softly. "Suck my pussy. Taste his cum." So I did that, too.

"Ummmm!" I moaned, pressing my face into her slimy cunt... licking it... sucking it... and swallowing. My own cock was rock hard again by then, so I quickly climbed up over her and slid it into her scummy pussy, feeling his cum there, feeling it squishing out onto my balls as I fucked her. And I loved it.

"Cunt. Whore. Slut!" I said as we fucked.

"Yeah. I am!" Allie said. "I'll suck or fuck anybody, Arnie. I love it! And I'm going to," she said.

"Who next?" I asked. "I imagine your boss wants to fuck you. Right? I see the way he looks at you," I said.

"Yes. I think he does. Why? Do you want him to fuck me?" she asked.

"Not just him. I want you to be the company whore. Let all of them fuck you. Okay? Will you do it?" I asked, close to coming again now from thinking about my wife lying on a conference table or sofa at her office, taking on her boss and his fellow executives.

"Then I will, baby. But once it starts I won't be able to stop it. You'll be laughed at for having a slut for a wife. They'll refer to you as a sissy cuckhold," she said.

"I don't care. I WANT everyone to know you're a slut. I want to take photos of you and publish them on the Net. And I want to show your face in them so our friends and your family will know what a hot slut cunt you are. We'll show some of you fucking guys and sucking their cocks and even some with cum on your face and oozing out of your pussy," I said, fucking faster now.

"YES! I WANT them all to see me. My fucking uptight mother will have a stroke, and Daddy will disown me, but fuck them. I don't care. They were such strict Baptists while I was growing up I couldn't have any fun. Oh God, FUCK MEEEE!" she shrieked. And I came.

"UHHHHHHH!" I moaned, my cum rocketing into her cunt as she reached between us to rub her clit, enhancing her orgasm, both of us realizing our marriage had changed that night, and that we were going to pursue a different kind of lifestyle... one centered around lust, and sex... lots of sex. My wife was going to become a total slut with my support and we realized there were no limits to the kinds of sexual pleasure we would be experiencing. It was ascension to a new level of our sexuality, one we both knew there would be no reversing. Nor did we care...

End