 They were finally going to meet. She was extremely excited over this. He had to fly in so she decided to pick him up at the airport and hired a car and driver for this encounter. Having the driver wait at the curb she walked into the airport and waited for his arrival. Getting off the jet and walking through the terminal he spotted her. She had on a sexy black dress, black hose and high heels. She noticed his eyes drinking her in, which made her tingle with anticipation of what was to come. Walking out to the car she asked him how long he had. He told her he only had about two hours then he had to be back to the airport to fly back. She told the driver to drive them around and to be back at a certain time. Sliding in the back seat she decided to sit across from him so they could talk. He noticed she had made sure they would have something to drink. Opening up the whiskey, he made them both a drink and they sat back and sipped looking at each other. She took his hands in hers and said, "If there is anything I can give you it would be this." Opening up his hands she kissed the inside of his palms. Closing his fingers around her kiss she said, "Take this with you wherever you go, and know I am with you always." 

He reached up and touched his fingers to her cheek and she leaned her head down to his hands. Moving his hands down the front of her, he felt the soft smooth, silky material of her dress. She looked in his eyes and said, "I cannot let you fuck me because I feel you are not ready for that yet. You must go home think more on it. When you feel comfortable about us to where it will not bother you or affect your life in any way, we shall meet again. But, for now I will give you this." Slowly she reached down and pulled the dress up over her head. Taking off her bra, he reached and cupped her impressive breasts in his hands. Stroking the nipples with his fingers he watched them get hard. She leaned her head back and breathed a murmur of arousal. He moved her panties down and she took them on off. Then she got on her knees in front of him. She said, "This is all yours, to see, touch, caress, but I cannot make that final commitment between us as of yet." He sighed knowing what she said was true. 

His hand moved down between her legs feeling the softness of her hair that protects the wonderful mounds of her pussy. Sliding a finger between the lips he felt the wetness and smelled the essence of her. Hearing a moan, she leaned back and spread her legs for him. Looking down at her pussy he spread the lips and looked at her clit with hunger. Sighing at the passion swollen beauty of it he touched the tip of his finger to her clit and rubbed very softly. He saw her quiver. Still with her pussy open and exposed to him in all its loveliness he moved his finger on down and inside her feeling the wet soft walls of her grasp around his finger. 

Moving his finger in and out he watch the glow spread across her face and her lips part in ecstasy. He kept his finger deep inside her and moved his head down between her legs. Licking her clit with the tip of his tongue and tasting the sweet juices from her he hears her gasp and moan. Yes, he thinks to himself so sweet so fresh, he begins to lick and suck her clit harder while his finger still moved around deep inside her. Feeling her legs quiver against him, hearing her breath come in harder between her moans and gasps he knows she is about to cum. Feeling the wetness of her slid down between his fingers and hand he begins to move faster, feeling her tighten hard around his finger. Using his tongue, licking and sucking her clit more in his mouth he hears her scream and moan with loving release as she cums. 

Moving up he can she her eyes are clouded over with hunger for him. Leaning back she moves toward him with determination. Undoing his belt and pants he knows how good she will be to him. She grabs his pants and pulls them down to the floor. Lunging onto his already swollen cock and with his legs spread he feels her breast lay against his balls. Lifting up on to her hands and her breasts swaying low against his balls still she sucks him down deep, feeling the tip of his cock against the back of her throat. Sucking in his breath at the sudden shock of pleasure he feels, he groans. Moving back up she lets go of his cock and slides her tongue down to his balls. Grasping one in her mouth she closes her lips around it and sucks while her hands caresses and plays with the other. With them both then laying in her hands gently she licks and kisses all around.

Moving back up to his cock she licks and then sucks on the tip to taste his juices. Sliding her tongue down the shaft of his hard cock and while licking and sucking she strokes him with her hand. Moving his hips in the movement of fucking her she moves back up and takes his cock back in her mouth. Matching his movement she sucks him down deep in her again holding him inside as she sucks hard. Hearing him moan and feeling him grasp her head she begins to move back to the tip and down again sucking faster and harder. Moving back to the tip again she teasingly licks all around and nibbles on the swollen head of his cock. She feels him tighten up and plunges her head down again sucking feeling his hot cum hit the back of her throat swallowing and sucking on each thrust he makes. As he lifts her head he smiles at her. 

On his trip back his lays back in his seat and thinks about what has happened between them. Knowing that he has to make a decision in whether to let her into his life. Knowing that he must be able to do this without any interference in his normal life and his love affair with her. Smiling to himself and closing his eyes he feels the twitch of his cock and thinks. Yes, I can do this. She is an important part of me and I need her.