 As I walk through the airport terminal I see you impatiently standing there waiting. You are standing there looking at the passengers walking by you hold a picture tightly in your hands. I slowly walk towards you as I get closer to you I notice that you are as beautiful in person as you are in your photographs. I get closer to you and say, “hello.” I see your eyes light up. I wrap my arms around you hugging you so tightly, closing my eyes not believing our first embrace. As we are hugging I take the time to feel your body and the softness it yields under my touch.

I lean in to kiss your lips tenderly as we hug I can feel you melting into my arms. As we get ready to leave the airport I follow you out and look at you taking in your beauty and smile. My heart knows I have found the one that I love; I see the happiness glowing out of you. As we walk to your car I hold you close wrapping my arm around you. As we get to your car I put my bag down and pull you to me for another deep passionate kiss and hug. As we kiss I gently caress your body feels the contour of the person that I am happy with.

We climb into your car and drive to you house. When we get there where we fall into each other’s arms. We hold each other tight and start caress each other; I slowly start to undress you…I look at your body and admire it and as you undress me I can feel your eyes taking in my body. You look me over, as we stand naked together. 

Reaching out to you I slowly running my fingers over your body touching and learning every part of you. I slowly lay you down on the bed caressing you tenderly exploring as we kiss extremely passionately. We slowly start to move as one taking our exploring farther and enjoying each other’s touch. Slowly I kiss down your neck and nuzzle on you as I let my hands feel the tenderness of your body and breast. Feeling your nipples harden in my hand I lightly pinch them and twist them bringing a gasp from you. I kiss my way down to your chest nibbling, tasting, and smelling the sweetness of your skin. As I explore down your breasts and nipples taking each one into my mouth and sucking on them I feel your hands caressing me down to my hard love tool. I feel you take him into your hand caressing him and feeling his hardness as I continue to explore farther down your body licking your navel as your body quivers from anticipation and the excitement that is happening. As we continue our exploration of each other I turn my body so you can explore what you are after. 

I slowly explore to your sex between your legs and inhale your sweetness seeing your dew dripping from your lips; I slowly slide my tongue out to taste you. I feel your body shake at the touch of my tongue to your sex. Slowly sliding my tongue across your sex getting to know the feel and shape of your lips. I slowly slide my tongue in-between your lips feeling your inner lips and taste your sweetness as it leaks out of you into my mouth. Sucking on your sex I coax more of your sweetness into my mouth drinking it getting to know the taste of you. 

I feel your mouth slowly licking my sex tool caressing it with your lips and tongue. You’re getting to know my sex tool’s shape thickness loving it with your mouth. Feeling how much pleasure it is bringing to me you continue to lick and suck on him making love to him. You caress my balls and tickle my sphincter with your finger and feel me twitch and groan into your sex. As your making love to my sex tool I slowly slide my tongue down to your rosebud and flick my tongue across her and taste your sweetness. Then as I lick and tongue your rosebud I feel you slide a finger into my ass and slide it in deep and slowly making moan into your rosebud and tongue her harder and deeper.

As we continue our exploring I slowly slide around so I am between your spread legs with the head of my sex tool lightly rubbing against your sex. Slowly I rub the head of my sex tool up and down your lips and gets him wet with your juices. I slowly start to slide the head between your lips and into your sex slowly and lovingly. Feeling how wet and tight she is and how she is gripping his tool with pleasure. I lean down and take your nipple into my mouth and suck and lick, on it and nibble on them till you are moaning in pleasure. Slowly we start to move as one in our passionate lovemaking and enjoy each other’s touch and the feelings we are having.

Slowly we start to move together with me thrusting deep into you and hitting your g-spot with each thrust. I feel your body tense and feel your sex tighten around my tool as your first of many climaxes hits you. Feeling this I add to our lovemaking by sliding my finger into your rosebud and slides my finger in and out of you in time with my sex tool sliding in and out of you sex. Then I pull out of you slowly and have you get on your hands and knees in front of me so I can slide into your sex from behind and pleasure your rosebud at the same time. I slowly slide back into you nice and deep thrusting my finger back into your rosebud and feeling my tool slide in and out of your sex.

I slowly alternate between the two and pick up the rhythm with you and reaching around your waist I reach down to your clit and take her in-between my fingers and roll her and pinch her lightly. As I play with your clit and thrust in and out of you I feel another climax approaching and help to bring it on by thrusting into you deeper and harder. Rubbing your clit as the feeling gets stronger I feel you climax around me a second time and am getting close to sending my orgasm deep inside you. As you feel me starting to thrust deeper and harder and faster into you get closer to having the final orgasm of the night. I begin to thrust my tool faster and deeper into you building up to the finale that has been waiting to happen all night. I lean down and bite your shoulders and back as I thrust deep into you and explode as you explode with the biggest orgasm of the night. We become one as we explode together in this a wonderful night of lovemaking and meeting. 

As we begin to calm down I slide out of you and slowly lay’s down beside you and pulls you to me. Holds you close and tight as we cuddle together and hold each other and kiss deeply. W/we look into each others eyes and know that this was a grand meeting and know W/we will have plenty more in the future. As we cuddle together we fall asleep in each other arms knowing we will meet again soon.