 He read the note again, then folded it carefully and stuck it deep in his pocket. His cock twitched at the thought of what he'd just read. Looking at his watch, he saw he still had two hours until he could get home and get ready for her. The rest of his day went only too slowly...

...The note lay open on his dresser. In the shower, he pulled the razor slowly over his balls, cleaning the hair from them. The soap and water felt good as he pulled his cock up to expose more of his scrotum. He couldn't help getting hard as he thought again of the instructions given to him that day.

He toweled off and ran a comb through his hair, leaving it loose rather than in the ponytail he normally sported. He looked at his reflection in the mirror and liked what he saw. His only hope was that she'd like it, too.

It was time. Pulling the toys from his hiding place, he took them and a bottle of lube to the rec room. He checked the time and saw it was 7:00. She would be here in minutes. The felt of the pool table felt cool and soft on his chest as he bent over it, resting his upper body on the surface of the table. He stretched his arms out, tightening the muscles, flexing them, then resting them on the pool table. And he waited.

The door opened behind him. He knew not to look back, not to move, not to make a sound. She crossed the room to him, the heels of her shoes clicking along the floor. He felt her presence behind him, but she didn't touch him. He held his breath, waiting to see what she'd do.

Her open hands pressed on his back. She moved them along his skin, up to his shoulders, out along his arms, down his back again to the smooth roundness of his ass. She continued this exploration of his flesh with her cool fingers. As she leaned over him, he could feel her breasts brush against his back.

And he felt her hard cock against his butt.

He moaned slightly and her sharp intake of breath told him he'd made a mistake. He pressed his lips together tightly to prevent any further noise from escaping him.

She placed her hands on his ass and spread his cheeks. He felt her tongue against his asshole, licking it lightly, teasing it, probing his hole with its soft hardness. He couldn't help but cock his hips to give her better access to his cunt. He began writhing with his need. He wanted her in him, fucking him, banging him. His breath came faster, his body taut against what she was withholding from him.

He felt her place a small vibe against his cunt, then push it into him. She switched it on and the vibrations coursed through his ass. He felt them in his balls, in his stiff cock. She moved the small toy carefully in and out of him, playing with his cunt as if it were her own. He began to relax and move with her motion. The toy felt so good inside him, though he was silently begging for something more.

The woman knelt behind him and began kissing the cheeks of his ass. She nipped the flesh lightly as she moved the toy inside him. She squeezed first one cheek, then the other with her free hand. Never once did she touch his cock or his balls. Not once. He ached to feel her hands on his shaft, but he knew she wouldn't pleasure him there that night. Tonight was about his cunt; only his cunt.

When he thought he could take it no more, she stood again. He heard her squirting lube out of the bottle, then felt her lubed fingers again enter his ass. He could hear the squishy wet noises of her lubing up her cock. He was ready and he wanted it badly.

One hand spread his cheeks wide, giving her a perfect view of his hole. She pressed the head of her pulsing cock against him, then slowly and deliciously entered him. Orders or not, he couldn't help but cry out her name as she filled him with her stiffness. She slid all the way into him, her hips pressing against his ass. She pulled out slowly, completely removing herself from him. Pausing for a moment, she watched his reaction as he used his body to tell her how much he wanted her back inside him.

She complied.

She entered him again, moving slowly, smoothly in and out of his cunt. His cock had never felt so hard and his balls were tight against his crotch. He could feel his orgasm building, but she knew him well enough that she'd not allow him to cum yet.

Her movement increased in tempo slightly. Her strokes were still long and deep, but now her body bumped against him a bit more forcefully with each stroke. Her man-made balls slapped against him in the perfect spot. He could hear her breathing come harder. 

She began pumping into him harder, faster, with greater intensity. She leaned down and slid her arms around his waist, hugging his back to her. She was gasping and moaning and crying out. He felt his cock swell and his orgasm getting closer. The heat of her against him, pulling him toward her, allowing her to penetrate him more deeply, was bringing him over the edge. 

He shut his eyes tightly as his listened to her fuck him, her voice and breathing telling him she was losing control. She was cumming now, her thrusts slamming him into the pool table, her juices flowing down his legs. His own orgasm rushed over him, his jism squirting onto the wood of the table, splattering to the floor. He cried out, begging her not to stop, to keep fucking him hard, to make him cum. 

As he reached the end of his orgasm and relaxed onto the table, she slowed her movements, then stopped . She continued to hold him around his waist, resting her upper body against his sweating back, waiting while her breathing slowed back to normal. She turned her head and kissed his spine, then pulled out. 

He heard her turn, her heels again clicking along the floor, the door shutting softly behind her as she left him.