 I stood in front of the mirror in my room, flipping through the bathing suits I had brought. Nothing looked good enough, not even the barely there golden brown bikini that I had brought at the last minute back home, but when it came down to it, the golden brown one was what I was going to wear.

I laid the suit on my bed behind me; along with the short billowy dancer's skirt and black camisole I planned to wear with it, and then stepped into the tiny bathroom that came with my hotel room. It had exactly enough space to get in there, but of course I had to back out. I pulled my clothes off, flinging them onto the floor and twisted my hair up and back so it wouldn't get wet, and then stepped into the shower. I turned the water on full blast, and then pulled my body puff and shower gel off the little shelf.

I soaped everything liberally; taking extreme measures to make sure it was clean. My hands roamed across my breasts, gliding smoothly across the surface. I closed my eyes and pinched my nipples, smiling at the sharp pain that registered all the way down in my pussy.

I had dropped the puff a while back, and now the soapy fingers of my right hand slid their way downwards, past my strip of hair, my little runway, to cup my pussy. I slid two fingers between the folds, gliding them slowly up and down my slit while the other fingers gripped and pulled at my lips as best they could. I was dripping wet. How did he have that reaction in me already... I'd only fucked him once...

I slipped one finger inside of me, and then slid in another. I leaned against the wall as my thumb flicked across my clit. I rocked my hips slowly on my hand while the other hand continued to roll and pinch my nipples. Oh I could feel it now... the slow heat rolling up my body... bringing me closer to the edge. My fingers sped up as I began to grind and thrust against my hand more firmly, determined to make this a good one. Oh god... I could feel him pushing his dick deep into my pussy... I could see him over me, under me, behind, in any position I could dream of... I was so close.

My eyes closed and I let out a whimper as I came, my knees trying to give out beneath me. My headed lolled back against the wall as I prolonged my orgasm, my hips moving in a rhythm I had nothing to do with, I couldn't control them anymore. As I came down, even pulling my fingers from within me gave me another, smaller orgasm. I propped myself against the wall, letting the water wash over me.

Goddamn...

"Open the door bitch." I hear a while later, along with a few half assed knocks. I rolled my eyes, and then laughed to myself as I crossed the floor, and then pulled the door open. He was leaning against the frame, smiling down at me from his all of one inch taller height. I looked up at him.

"What you want?" I asked, hiding a grin as I turned from the door and entered the room again. He followed behind me, shutting the door.

"What's your big plan for the day that you wouldn't tell me about?" He asked. I sat down on my bed, pulling on my shoes. He sat at the edge of the bed, knocking over the suitcase at the bottom. He stooped over to pick it up; flinging all that had fallen out of it back into it. He got to a pair of my panties, and grinned at me. I rolled my eyes.

"It has to do with a fantasy of mine." I said. He laughed.

"I thought meeting me was your fantasy come true." I shook my head.

"I had fantasies before you, slut." I stood up. "I've got a really big fetish for public places; like I told you but... there's one place in particular I've always wanted to have sex..."

"And where's that?"

"Are you sure this is the right bus?" I asked for the tenth time, looking at the schedule in my hands, then at the bus in front of me. Clarke rolled his eyes, no doubt wondering how I'd even gotten on the plane to come here all by myself.

"Yes!" He said, and then grabbed my hand, pulling me up the steps and inside. I nodded hello to the driver before Clarke pulled me by my wrist to the very back. I sat down, biting my lip and thinking hard.

I'd told him about my fetish for public areas, and he'd told me a few of his. I'd told him that I wanted to see if I could get away with some sort of sexual act on a bus. He'd gripped a schedule and then made me swear I wouldn't back out of it. I had laughed and said yes, acting like I didn't care, mostly because I was sure he'd back out of it when we were actually in the situation. I had forgotten who I was dealing with. Clarke didn't give a shit about what he was doing, or what other people cared about it.

Clarke smiled at me, and then pulled me down into the seat next to him. I smiled weakly, and then spread my legs a little. I pulled my skirt up around my waist, so that all that stood between my ass and the seat was my bikini bottom. He grinned and leaned back in his seat a little, then took my hand and placed it on the front of his shorts.

The jerk as the bus pulled away caused me to grip him through the fabric. He shook his head and took my hand again, sliding my fingertips underneath his shorts. I gripped his cock at the base, and then began squeezing it lightly. He had slid his own fingers down the material of my skirt bunched around my waist, and then traced my slit through my bikini bottom, his finger pushing at my clit through the material. I bit my lip to hide the gasp trying to escape, and instead concentrated on working his cock. My fingers slid along it, tracing its length with the pad of my thumb. I played my fingers around the head for a moment, enjoying his cock's slight twitching in my hand as I did.

As I let my fingers drift along the v of the head of his dick, he pulled across the front of my suit exposing part of my pubic hair as his fingers dipped into my slit as he began a slow and steady sweep across my clit with his thumb. I held my lips closed, inhaling sharply through my nose as my hips began to grind into his hand subconsciously. I circled his cock with my fingers, and then started to stroke it smoothly.

He lifted my face with his free hand, and I looked guiltily at the others riding the bus around me for a minute. He turned my face so I was looking at him. 

"Take it off." He whispered. I looked at him.

"Take what off?"

"Your suit bottom. Take it off." I looked at him, and saw, to my horror, that he was serious. 

"Clarke, I"

"Take it off. I can't get to your pussy how I want to." I stared at him for a moment, and then I took my hand off of his cock. I pulled my suit bottom off, an interesting feat while sitting on the bus and trying to make sure no one notices. I lifted my ass and put it underneath me, so that I wasn't touching the seat so much. He nodded his approval, then used his hands and spread my legs slightly.

He brushed his thumb once again on my clit, then took two fingers and slid them inside of my pussy. I held back a moan, and my hand moved over to his cock once more. I began to stroke him once more, looking up to see if anyone had noticed us. The few passengers were looking around, but none seemed to realize what we were doing. This sent a thrill through my pussy, and I hid another moan. I was soon breathing hard, and after a minute, his breath matched mine.

I was quickly approaching orgasm, my legs spread slightly more so that my knee was somewhat in the aisle. I began to thrust my hips onto his hand, gripping his cock a little harder as my hand slid along it. I moved my hand quicker, matching his fingers' movement stroke for stroke. I bit my lip as I began to cum, small inaudible gasps forming in the back of my throat. The bikini bottom beneath me caught my juices as they spilled between my thighs, leaving the seat unmarred, barely.

My fingers stroked his cock head to base, sliding over every inch of it. I felt it twitch once again, and then he began to push his hips upwards to meet my hand. He began to breathe heavier, his sweeps along my clit becoming more determined, as if he was determined to give me another orgasm before his. I had no problems with that, and, catching his rhythm once more, I continued to stroke his cock.

I felt the pressure in my pussy as I began to cum once again, and I increased my hand work upon his cock. I suddenly realized that, when he came, there would be nowhere for it to go. I slid my suit bottom out from underneath me just in time, and as I covered the head with it, I could feel him cumming into my hand. I caught it all in the fabric, and he looked down at me.

"You should have put your mouth on it." He said. I rolled my eyes at him.

"Don't be an idiot. You want me bend over and suck you off, on the bus?"

"You had it in your hands, why not in your mouth?" He laughed. I turned and looked past him and out the window. I watched the hills going past, and the random trees and houses, until I sat up.

"Oh shit!"

"What?" He said, looking at me.

"We took the bus route that would keep us next to the ocean, right?" He nodded. "So that we could just get off at a beach, right?" He nodded again. "Well then why is the ocean missing?" He looked at me like I was an idiot.

"Alize`, what" I gripped his head between my hands, and then turned him to look out the window.

"Clarke, we're nowhere near the ocean!" He looked, and then cursed.

"We're on the wrong bus."

"I told you that!" I said. He looked at me.

"Look, we're just going to have to ride it to the end then take it back into town." He said, and then leaned back in his seat. "So get comfortable." He put one arm behind his head, and the other he rested on my knee. I sighed, and leaned my head on his shoulder.

The bus, which had been nearly empty when we got on, was filling up quickly. I looked around, there were only two free seats left, and the stop we were coming up to was full. I looked at Clarke.

"The bus is really full now." I said. He opened his eyes, looking out of the window. He readjusted himself.

"Get on my lap. Give another free seat." I nodded at him, and then stood, fixing my skirt and them sitting on him. An older gentleman sat next to us, smiling and nodding at us. We smiled back, and I turned to look out the window. The bus gave a jolt, and I suddenly realized how intimate the situation was. My bare ass was pressed upon Clarke's lap; the only thing between us was the front of his board shorts. I bit my top lip, acutely aware of the bulge underneath me. I felt my pussy begin to get wet, and I took a deep breath. Clarke began to idly trace circles on my lower back, sending shivers down my spine. He had hit my spot and he knew it, and I turned my head to look at him, to see what he was thinking.

He grinned at me, and my eyes widened.

"Clarke!" I whispered. He grinned at me again. "You wouldn't." He smiled again, then slid a finger into the waistband of my skirt, tickling my skin lightly just above my ass. I licked my lips. If that was how he wanted to play, I'll play back.

I began to slowly grind my hips on him, hardly moving the rest of my body so we wouldn't look suspicious. He slid his hand out of my skirt, and then leaned in to whisper in my ear.

"Raise your ass a little." I nodded and lifted myself. My skirt still covered his lap, and he reached between us. His fingers traced my slit lightly, and he then undid his shorts. My eyes widened once more, and I turned to look at him. He smiled, and I felt him pull his cock out. It brushed my lips slightly.

"What are you" I began, at the same time he began to ease the head of his cock between my lips. I gasped. "You're fucking crazy." I whispered. He laughed again.

"You're not complaining." He whispered back. I smiled at him, slowly preparing to sink on the rest of the way, when the bus hit a pothole.

It all happened so fast. I bounced lightly, and as I was coming down, Clarke was still moving up. His cock pushed its way into my pussy quickly, filling me. I moaned loudly, forgetting where I was. Clarke coughed just as loud to cover it. The gentleman beside us turned his head sharply, as did a few others on the bus.

"Are you ok?" The man said, looking at me. I nodded weakly.

"I'm fine. I just get a little carsick." I said, smiling as best I could. The man nodded concernedly.

"Well crack the window dear, you'll be fine." He said, patting my arm. I nodded. Clarke laughed quietly beneath me. The bus hit another pothole, and I bounced again, his cock drawing in and out of me. I leaned down, gripping the seat in front of me. He rubbed my back, possibly appearing concerned for me to the others, but actually tickling my back again.

From my position, I could feel the bus vibrating me on his lap, and I was liking it. Clarke spread his legs a bit, taking mine with him so we were in a more comfortable position. The bus hit another pothole, and as we bounced I thanked god the work crews hadn't fixed the streets yet. I dropped my head a little lower, planting my legs on the floor and pushing back on his lap. His cock was scraping the very edges of my pussy, and the little jolts the bus gave succeeded in rendering me speechless.

I felt another hand on my back, and looking over, I saw the older gentleman, concern on his face, rubbing. I realized that the longer I sat like that, the more he'd rub, and sooner or later, he'd get suspicious, so I sat up slowly. The bus lurched once more as I went, and I closed my eyes and bit the inside of my cheek to hide my moan.

At this point, the bus turned off the asphalt and onto a dirt road. The other passengers held their things close to themselves as if expecting something. The few people standing in the aisle gripped the seats and planted their feet. I turned my head to look at Clarke to see if he knew what was going on, when I felt the first bump.

The bus was moving along a course of rocks, bouncing me on Clarke's cock. Every jolt pushed him deep into my pussy, and I lay back on his chest, unable to keep my hips still anymore. I rolled my hips on his, gasping lightly. He caught my lips with his, quieting any moans that I tried to make. His hand tangled in my hair, pulling my head back slowly. My cunt tightened, and I gripped the seat in front of me as hard as I could as I began to orgasm.

Clarke pulled his lips off of mine, shaking his head and mouthing "bitch" at me. My mouth hung open as the bus continued. I clenched the muscles in my pussy as best I could, trying to hold off another orgasm for a moment. The bus pulled off the section of road, moving onto a somewhat smoother and less bumpy part. I took a deep breath, shaking my head slowly. He readjusted his hips beneath me, so my cunt was firmly on his cock. He then turned his head to whisper in my ear.

"How's that for your fantasy?" He circled my waist with one arm, and then let his hand drop to my thigh. I caught my breath.

"I fucking hate you..." I said with a grin. He laughed, rocking himself in the seat a little. His cock moved inside of me, and I closed my eyes. He traced a line down my back with his index finger. I rocked my hips back at him, figuring I could attribute my moving to my "carsickness". He slid his hands up to my shoulders, bringing me back against his chest. His hands held onto my hips, holding me tightly on him.

The bus hit another rough patch, and we both took a deep breath. I gasped as we hit another bump. Clarke's cock was now in perfect position to hit my G, and my body shuddered every time he did.

"Oh god Clarke... I'm going to..." I moaned into his ear, before cumming again. He began to fuck me, moving his body at the same rhythm of the bus. Every time the bus hit a bump, he thrust into me. I bit my lip, moving back onto him. The others on the bus were moving as much as us, so we didn't draw a lot of attention. He gripped my hips a bit harder, pushing me off his chest. I gripped the seat in front of me again, leaning low. I moaned and Clarke pulled me tight on him. The bus gave a large lurch, and I hit my head on the seat in front of us, before my body clenched and I came once again. Clarke thrust himself further into me, grabbing my hips firmly. He dug his fingers into my hips as he came, filling my pussy with his cum. I moaned and sat up, leaning back on him.

"God I fucking hate you Clarke." I said, laughing.

The bus pulled back into the station. We'd ridden it down and back. As I stood, I bent over to pick up my suit bottom from the floor.

"Leave it." He said. I looked at Clarke.

"Leave it?" He took it out of my hands.

"Yes, leave it." He said, then dropped my cum stained suit bottom on the seat he had just risen off of. "For the next two freaks that get on."