 He yawned. He always struggled to keep his eyes open in these meetings. He glanced across the conference table at her. She looked alert, taking notes and nodding along to their boss's rambling. They had been fucking for over a year now, but they almost never sat next to each other at work so as not to raise suspicions. No one at work knew about them (at least so far as they knew), and they intended to keep it that way. He looked at her again, and his mind wandered. 

There they were, standing in his office, kissing deeply. He caressed her back with one hand, and with the other, he gave her full ass a firm squeeze. 

He felt his dick stir in his pants. Fucking at work had long been a fantasy of his. He sat up straighter, and tried his best to look like he was paying attention, even as he slipped further into the daydream. 

She ran her fingers through his hair and pulled lightly, sending a shiver down his spine. He kissed her harder. He pulled away and began to unbutton her blouse. He kissed her collarbones and the tops of her breasts. He caressed her breasts through her bra as he nibbled at her neck. She slipped her hand to the front of his pants, grabbing his hard cock. 

His dick began to strain against his pants, and he felt his face flush. 

He removed her blouse, and now she was just wearing a maroon bra, and a tight plaid pencil skirt that perfectly displayed the ample curves of her hips and her ass. She un-did his belt slowly, opened his pants, and massaged his cock through his underwear. "Fuck, you feel so hard," she said. She got down on her knees, and pulling his underwear down, she slipped his cock into her mouth. 

"Fuuuuuck," he sighed. She moved her lips up and down his shaft, her tongue swirling around his head, as he braced one hand on his desk, and placed the other firmly on the back of her head. 

By now, his dick was rock hard. He stirred in his seat and adjusted himself. She gave him a quizzical look; "are you okay," she mouthed? 

She stood back up, grabbed his hand, and placed it under her skirt, against her panties. "God, you're so wet," he said. 

"What can I say? I love sucking your dick." He hoisted her skirt all the way up and sat her down on his desk. He laid her down and pulled her underwear off, and spreading her legs wide apart, he kissed her inner thighs, then her labia, then her clit. He let his lips linger there for a while, and she moaned softly. Finally, he brought his tongue down to the opening of her pussy, and ran it very slowly up to her clit. He could feel how wet she was on his tongue. 

He shivered and inhaled deeply. His colleagues looked at him, confused. "Sorry, I just got a chill. Weird," he said. He looked down at his lap and noticed a small wet spot. He had been leaking pre-cum. 

He began to lick her clit in small circles, starting slow, and getting faster as her panting increased. She grabbed his hair and pushed his face down into her - fuck, he loved when she did this. He slipped a finger into her, and began massaging her g-spot as he kept licking her. Her breathing became more frantic, and he could tell she was getting close. 

"Wait, I want to finish with you inside me," she said. He stood up, and holding one of her ankles in each hand, he placed the tip of his dick against the mouth of her pussy. He pressed slightly, wanting to make that first sweet thrust last. He felt her warm lips part for him, and her wetness enveloped him. He pushed as deep as he could, as she began fingering her clit. He could feel how swollen her pussy was - she really was close. He thrust slowly, as her fingers began moving more wildly. She let out a few stifled moans as she came hard around his cock, squeezing it tight with each wave of pleasure. 

"Okay, I think that'll do it for today," his boss said. "Let's meet again next week." His colleagues began to gather their things and stand up, but he was in a daze. He felt the wetness from the pre-cum on his thigh, and the spot had grown to the size of a half-dollar. He stood up, and positioned his notebook to block the wet spot (not to mention his pulsing dick). He felt like his face must be beet red, and by the way she was looking at him, it probably was. 

He walked back to his office, and she popped her head in. "Are you doing okay? You look terrible." 

"Yeah, I'm fine," he said. "Come in and close the door." She seemed skeptical, but she did. He stood up and pointed to his crotch. The outline of his cock was clearly visible next to the wet spot. 

"Oh," she said, surprised. The look of shock quickly turned into a devilish grin. She reached out her hand, and began rubbing the head of his cock with one hand and her pussy with the other. She un-did his belt, pulled down his pants and underwear and sat him back down in his desk chair. She got on her knees and took his cock deep into her mouth. 

"Fuck, you feel good," he said. She bobbed up and down, as he caressed the back of her head. 

She quickly jumped up, lifted her skirt up, bent over his desk, and said, "Go on, fuck me." 

He stood up, pulled her panties to the side, and slid deep inside of her. She was just starting to get wet, but tight enough to offer a bit of resistance. They both let out a deep moan. He fucked her with long, deep strokes, caressing and admiring her gorgeous ass. He grabbed her hips tightly and pulled her back onto his cock. She gasped in delight. He was so hyped up from his daydream that he couldn't last very long. He savored the last few thrusts, slowing down and pulling nearly all the way out and going as deep as he could with each one. He pushed all the way into her, squeezed her hips, and came hard. 

"Fuck, I can feel your cock throbbing." He felt her warm, wet pussy against his super-sensitive pulsing dick. He let out a high-pitched yip, and she giggled. 

She pushed him back off and out of her, stood up, pulled down her skirt, and walked out the door. "I'm glad you're doing alright, then."