 When you arrive at my door, I open it before you can knock and invite you in. I had been watching, waiting for your arrival. Although we haven't met, I feel like I already know you, we have been messaging each other for the past couple of months so it would be kind of weird to give you a handshake.

I open my arms for a hug. You're taller than I thought you would be. You envelop me in your arms, my head barely reaching your chin My body reacts instantly, my heart beating so fast it feels like it will beat right out of my chest, and my breath catching in my throat. I'm sure you cannot help but notice my nipples hardening against the hard flat plane of your chest. My face and throat flush with heat as it rushes through my core to pool wetness between my legs.

"Wow, some kind of greeting."

"Sorry," I say softly "I cannot really control that." My mortification making me wish I could just disappear. "This is such a bad idea."

You pull me closer against your length, inhaling my scent, so I can't help but feel the bulge that has developed in your pants.

"No, not a bad idea. Neither can I."

You bend to meet lips that are already open to accept your tongue and our embrace becomes more demanding. The kiss is long and deep, our tongues tasting, entwining, trying to devour one another. Your hand caresses the taut peak of my nipple through my top, while the other pulls me closer to your hardness, it's heat marking a brand through my clothing. We come up for air gasping.

"I think we need to move this out of the living room to somewhere more comfortable," I say, and lead you down the hall to my bedroom.

A single lamp is lit in the corner, leaving most of the room in shadow. I turn and kiss you again, allowing my hands the freedom to roam your chest and travel downward to feel the tent in your pants. You have your hands on my breasts, rubbing the nipples through the fabric. My legs and backside pressed into the end of the bed.

"Too many clothes," I pant and start to tug your shirt up, running my hands over your chest, lightly tracing the sprinkling of hair as it tapers to a line that disappears into your waistband. I reach for the button on your pants and fumble it open. Your cock springs forward, only stopped by the thin barrier of your boxers.

You lift your shirt over your head, and slide your hands under mine to do the same for me. My pants are quick to follow and I am standing before you in my black lace bra and thong. You draw in a breath and skim your eyes over my figure, tracing my curves greedily. I feel shy, and exposed before you. I wasn't sure whether you would find me attractive.

"I want to see all of you," you growl. Take your bra and panties off.

I don't hesitate and remove them quickly at your command, to leave me naked, my body flushed with desire and my pussy dripping.

You take my large breasts in your hands and dip your head to take a rock hard nipple into your mouth while lightly pinching and rolling the other with your fingers, eliciting a low moan. I don't know how long I've dreamed about this. Liquid heat spirals through my body, and I press my throbbing core against you.

I push your pants down over your thighs and release your rigid cock from your underwear to spring up against your belly. I stroke the length with my hand feeling it bounce in response to my ministrations.

You groan.

I don't think I can wait too much longer and drag your fingers to my wetness. The damp folds barely covering my erect clit. You push me onto the bed and kick your shoes off, dragging your pants and underwear down your legs.

"Let's not keep you waiting," you murmur.

I have been ready for this for ages it seems, no need for lubrication as I am already drenched. You climb onto the bed and rise above me, spreading my thighs to see my glistening centre. You plunge into the waiting slickness and my core clenches in reaction. We both groan at the union. It feels so damn good.

You hungrily devour my lips while slowly pumping in and out of my welcoming warmth. Our bodies falling into a desperate rhythm that quickens and becomes more violent. Your hands kneading my breasts as our coupling intensifies.

"God! I'm so close" I croon.

You move your hand to my clit and start to rub small circles on the sensitive bud. That is enough to tip me over, and my pussy clenches you as I am driven to the peak and explode around you, my body trembling with the release. That pushes you over the edge and I feel a splash of heat as you fill me with a jet of cum.

Our bodies are covered with a light sheen of sweat.

"It's nice to finally meet you," I say with a saucy smile.

I then wake up from the dream, my sheets tangled around my body and my pussy throbbing and wet. I don't know why I torture myself this way! My sleep has become erratic, haunted by erotic dreams ever since we began communicating. I know that you feel some of it too, but I also know that you are very unavailable.

I dip my fingers into the slippery folds of my pussy to lightly press against my engorged clit. I slowly rub it to try ease the tension that has my body taut and thrumming with need. I slip back into the fantasy of you stroking me bringing me to completion. I rub the little bud more quickly, falling into a natural rythym and feel the tightening in my core, knowing that I am close now. I flick and press my clit while using my other hand to squeeze my breast, rolling the nipple between my thumb and finger. I feel my body tense as I come ever closer until finally I break apart, my pussy clenching as my orgasm spurts from between my legs, dampening the sheet under my bottom. I am sated for now, until the next dream.