 I swept my hand through my hair, yawning as I flopped on my bed. It was my last night of vacation, and I was burnt out. I had spent the day on the beach with my friends Shawna and Nolie. I'd spent a lot of my time running around with Clarke, to the point that I'd even forgotten that they were here with me once or twice.

Shawna was one of my very best friends. She was shorter than me, about 5'6, with a large chest and an interesting body shape, brown skin and black hair, with hazel eyes. Nolie was our token white friend, 5'9 with black hair and blue eyes, the ends of her hair being dyed to match her eyes. We were an odd group of friends, but we knew everything about each other... well, almost everything. They didn't, and would never, know about my writing.

We were going to hang in a club tonight, do our usual barhopping thing. I'd gotten the name of a really good club from the girl who cleaned my room, and I was anxious to go. I had decided to wear all white, a tight white miniskirt, white halter, and white shoes. When I held it up against myself, the contrast to my newly tanned skin was hot as hell. I looked in the mirror. If I left my hair hanging loose and did minimum make up... yeah, that would work. I laid my clothes out on the bed, heading into the shower.

I spread my legs slowly, moving my hips on the guy in front of me. My arms were around his neck, his were around my waist, and we were moving on the beat. He wasn't the finest guy going, but he knew how to move.

The club was tight. The walls were painted black with random designs throw on the walls in white paint. The lighting for the most part was black light, with the two bars on either side of the room illuminated by a few built in halogen lights.

Shawna was dancing with someone a few steps away, while Nolie moved around from guy to guy, dancing in her own special way that Shawna and I had codenamed "white girl wyne". Nolie was now moving erratically on a guy, and then leaned over to yell at me.

"So where's this Clarke you said was coming?" She said. Shawna turned to look at us.

"Yeah Alize'. Where is he?" I rolled my eyes at them.

"You really think I care? He'll be here whenever he gets here." I said, and then held onto the guy a bit closer. Had I been back home in Bermuda, I would've definitely given him my number, but I wasn't interested in giving it out when I lived nowhere near Jamaica.

"You bitch, you started dancing without me." I turned my head.

"Took you long enough." I said to him, letting go of the guy, who stood still for a moment, opening his mouth in disbelief. I turned to face Clarke.

"I had things to do." He said. He pushed me with his hips, bumping into my own, standing with his hands in his pockets.

"Mmhmm. Look, I want you to meet Nolie and Shawna; they're the ones who came with me." I said, and then waved at the two girls. They waved back, and then moved over. I briefly introduced them, and then we dispersed among the dance floor once more. I ended up next to Clarke standing at the bar, ordering a drink. I leaned against it looking up at him.

"It's our last night here." I said, using my infallible talent of stating the obvious. He nodded.

"Yeah, it's our last night." He echoed, and then opened his mouth to say something, when a cry broke out across the club. In a far corner, some girl was screaming as a guy punched another guy in front of her. The victim slumped to the ground, blood streaming from his nose as the guy turned, his hand in position to backhand the girl. She covered her face with her hands, and to my horror I saw Shawna run over and grab the guy's hand.

"Fuck fuck fuck..." I said to myself, and then ran over behind Shawna. The guy lifted his other hand to strike her, and I swallowed hard before gripping his other hand. He flung himself forward, catching me in my jaw with his forehead. I broke my grip and fell back, clenching my fist and swinging wildly.

"Alize'! Shawna! You're not home." Nolie came over, gripping us by our collars. She pulled us back, and then flung us behind her. She ducked the guy's fists and then stepped back as a bouncer came from behind her and gripped the guy. Nolie dragged us outside, and I stood there, my chest heaving as I tried to calm down. Clarke came outside the club, leaning against the wall.

"You always get yourself in trouble, ay bitch." He said. I rolled my eyes at him.

"Look Clarke, I really don't"

"I think you better get back to your hotel." He said. I looked up at him.

"What?"

"You just got into a bar fight in Jamaica. Get your ass back to your hotel." I sighed, my adrenaline wearing off so that I could see the logic in his words.

"You're right." I said. I reached out to him, hugging him. He held me against his chest tightly. "I'll see you later Clarke."

"Next time." He said. I looked up at him, and he smiled down at me. "Later bitch."

"See ya perv."

I looked up from my textbook, turning to type something on my laptop. I had a paper due in a few days, and I had no idea what I was writing. I needed a break, but if I stopped, I wouldn't get back to it. I put up the busy status symbols on my MSN© and my Yahoo©, and set my AIM© to away. I had surprisingly received no IM's, but, as I looked down at my textbook again, I heard the gunshot sound of myself receiving an email on my Yahoo©. I looked at the screen out of habit. It was from Clarke. I clicked on it, thankful for the distraction.

Pssst

Guess what bitch. I'll be in Bermuda for a while. Business trip. Maybe I'll come visit you while I'm there.

It continued on from here, telling when he was coming and for how long. I pushed my finger through my hair. Last time I'd been face to face with him was a few weeks ago, in Jamaica. Now he'd be here. I pushed my fingers through my hair, biting my lip. He'd be here for less than a week, and leaving on the Tuesday. I crossed my arms, laying my cheek on them and yawning. That perv was stepping onto my territory.

"Alize', are you dressed?"

"Yes Momma!" I yelled down the stairs, fastening the buckle on my black church heels. I stood, smoothing out the folds of my navy blue skirt, and straightening the collar of the white button down shirt. I looked in the mirror, smoothing the material over my breasts. Clarke had been on the island for 2 days now, and he'd called me once since he'd arrived. I took my brush out, pulling it through my hair a few more times before resting it back on the dresser. I turned in front of the mirror, examining myself from all angles before nodding at my reflection, and then exiting the room.

My momma stood next to the door, pulling her car keys out of her purse and waving at me to hurry up. My little brother sat in the front seat, grinning at me evilly as he'd beaten me, and therefore, the front seat was his. My daddy was home doing some paperwork, which had pissed my momma off because he kept missing church. I climbed into the backseat, yawning. I hated going to church so early, but, if I sat up in the balcony, I could sleep for a while. Hardly anyone ever sat up there other than me, because you couldn't hear the pastor preaching properly, but it suited my early morning attitude just fine.

After an uneventful ride to the church, we climbed out of the car, late, as usual. My momma and my brother entered and turned right, while I took a left and headed through the corridor and then through the door and up the steps to the balcony. I sat in my usual seat, back row in the far left corner, pushing the chair in front of me out of my way so I could stretch my legs out. I looked over the balcony wall.

From my position, I could only see the pastor. The pastor could only see the top of my head, and I liked it that way. He spread his arms, continuing his sermon. I rolled my eyes, staring at the ceiling and preparing myself for the next few hours.

About an hour into the service, I heard footsteps coming up the steps behind me. I turned, because this would be the first time in a few weeks I'd had company in the balcony. The person turned the corner and stepped onto the balcony, and I gasped, and then cursed... loudly. The pastor turned his gaze my way and glared at the top of my head, and then coughed. My face burned in embarrassment.

"Clarke! What are you doing here?" I asked, my eyes wide. He grinned at me.

"I went to your house, your dad told me you were here." He said, sitting in the chair beside me. I shook my head, leaning forwards and turning so I could look into his face.

"I told you I go to church on Saturday mornings." I said. He put his hand on my lower back.

"Oh yeah, I remember." I took him in, from his jeans and sneakers to the hat on his head. He pulled at the back of my shirt, lifting it out of my skirt.

"Clarke, stop it!" I hissed, pushing his hand away. "It's a church."

"And?" He said, pulling my chair closer to his.

"And I think you go to hell for this type of thing." He laughed, and then leaned in, tickling my back once again before taking my chin in his hands and kissing me. I leaned against him, kissing him back. He used his free hand and slid it up my skirt, stopping mid thigh. I bit his lip, and then brought his ear down to my lips.

"Clarke, it's a church..." I whispered again.

"You're not saying no..." He said, and then moved his hand so that the fingertips were barely brushing the lips of my pussy.

"I'm not saying yes either." I said, and then flicked his earlobe with my tongue, before moving lower to kiss his neck, before running my tongue along it slowly. He smiled, and then pushed my skirt up until it was around my waist. His fingers slid smoothly along the front of my black thong. He lifted my leg, drawing it across his lap so that from my position next to him, I was almost straddling him.

He pushed the front of my thong aside, exposing my fully aroused pussy to the church. He slid his fingers along my slit once more, before he slid two inside of me, covering my moan with his mouth on mine. I slid my hand down his chest, moving it to the front of his jeans, where, after a small struggle, I had his jeans unbuttoned, and then unzipped. I moved my hand inside and under the waistband of his boxers, sliding a finger from the head to the base of his cock. It twitched beneath my fingers, and my pussy, already drenched by his appearance, began to flood itself with remembering how his cock had felt inside of me.

He lifted me onto his lap, and I shook my head.

"Clarke, no, the pastor can see like this."

"And?" He said, leaning in to rub his face against my breasts through my shirt.

"And I don't think I need to speed up my progress into hell, especially not like that." I said. I stood up, pushing a chair out of the way, and then laid myself on the floor, leaning against the wall of the balcony. I spread my legs, drawing my skirt back up to my waist, and slid my thong off, kicking it under the seat next to me. I licked my lips, looking up at Clarke, and then beckoned him towards me with one finger, the other hand sliding up and down my slit.

He grinned down at me, no doubt enjoying my latest delve into the world of debauchery, and then slid out of his chair. He steadied himself on one hand, sitting in front of me. He unbuttoned my shirt slowly, pushing the two sides across so that my black bra stared him in the face. He pushed the cups down, so that my breasts were exposed to him. He leaned in, kissing my nipples before drawing them one by one into his mouth. He bit the left one, and sliding his hand upwards, rolled and pinched my right nipple.

I bit my lip to avoid crying out while I buried my fingers in his hair, drawing his head closer to my chest. He slid his tongue along each breast, trailing it downwards to my belly button. He stayed there a minute, sucking and kissing it, swirling around it with his tongue. I moaned softly, and his tongue went further down.

He licked my slit slowly, parting the folds with his tongue. He pushed at my clit, and then slid further, dipping his tongue into my well. I gripped the top of the balcony with one hand, holding his head to me with the other as my back arched. I swallowed my moans, barely, and gasped as he teased my clit and my pussy slowly. He pulled me closer to his mouth, and brought me to a shaking, silent orgasm.

Clarke grinned at me, and then sat back. He pulled his jeans down lower, and then moved up between my legs, leaning forwards and kissing me once again. His cock head rubbed against my lips while I angled my pussy for him, sliding lower down. He gripped my hips, and pushed his cock into my pussy. I gave a moan; a little louder than I would of liked to have given. Clarke grinned at me, and then moved again, until he was completely inside of me.

"This is a church." I gasped in a whisper, more for my benefit that to him. He laughed, and then drew his cock out. I whimpered in disappointment, and then moaned once again as he pushed in again.

"You haven't said no yet..." He said, and then began to fuck me senseless. He leaned in, gripping my breast through where my bra had slid back up over my chest. I moaned as he began fucking me harder, so that my back was scraping against the wall.

"Oh god Clarke..." I moaned beneath him. He began thrusting harder, and I busied myself by sucking his neck to avoid moaning. He moved his head, and then came up to kiss me once again.

"Do you want me to stop?" He asked, gripping my ass with his free hand. I moaned in reply. He shook his head, stopping his movements. "Answer me Alize'."

"I want you to fuck me." I moaned breathlessly. Clarke grinned, and then doubled his efforts on my cunt. I pushed my hips back onto his, moaning as he fucked me. He pulled me closer to him, until his every stroke caused my eyes to roll back into my head.

"Oh god Clarke... I'm going to..." I cut my words off with a moan as I began to cum. I pushed my hips back at Clarke, prolonging my orgasm as my body spasmed. I dug my nails into his back, scratching him through my shirt. He made a noise, forcing his way further into my pussy. I moved to meet his every stroke, moaning beneath him. He gave on last push and emptied himself inside of me.

We lay in that position for a while, me drawing idle circles on his back. I heard footsteps on the stairs, and I pushed him off of me quickly. Clarke got up, and I mimed pulling up a zipper. He nodded and zipped it up. I suddenly realized the predicament I was in, legs splayed and my pussy facing the doorway. I moved to sit up just as the person entered the balcony, catching me with my legs open.

"What the hell?" He gasped. I blinked. I'd just caused a congregation member to curse, in church. The head usher, Brother James looked down at me. "Miss. Jones there had better be a good reason for this." I looked at him dubiously.

"I... um... fell." I said. His eyes traced my body, stopping at my pussy, where I could feel Clarke's cum dripping out of my pussy.

"You fell?" He asked. I bit my lips and closed my legs, flipping my skirt down. "We heard you down in the pulpit, and all you can say is that you fell?"

"Yes sir, I fell." I said. He opened his mouth to say something, no doubt to throw us out of the church and damn us to hell, but Clarke stood. He stood in front of me, scratching his head.

"Let me speak to you for a minute sir." He said. They moved towards the door, talking. I watched Brother James's face go from angry, to calm. Clarke reached into his pocket, and I saw him pull a few bills out and place them in Brother James's hand. My mouth dropped open. Clarke had just paid off a member of the church. I held back my laugh as he came and sat down in his chair, gesturing to me to sit in my seat once more. As I did, he slid my skirt back up, palming my pussy.

"How the hell did you" I began. He shook his head, and put a finger from his other hand to my other set of lips.

"Shh."

"How the hell did you pull that off?" I asked Clarke. I stood in the parking lot, waiting for my momma and brother to leave the church, but, as usual, it seemed she was stopping to speak to everyone first.

"Money girl. It makes the world go round." He said, tucking his hand into his pocket. I shook my head.

"I'd of never thought it would of worked." He laughed.

"You've got a lot to learn." I shook my head at him, and then, spotting my mother over his shoulder I put on a smile. He turned to see who it was.

"Enjoyed church today?" Momma said. My heart stopped for a minute.

"I..." I started.

"Pastor Smith did seem to enjoy his own sermon. Everyone else just got into it as well." Momma bustled on as usual. I breathed a sigh of relief. She hadn't heard me. "And who's this?" I looked at her, before realizing who she meant.

"Oh, this is Clarke." I said. He smiled at her.

"You must be Alize''s mother." He said. She nodded.

"Yes. I've never heard of you before. Where do you know Alize' from????" I hid a grin.

"We belong to the same writing group." I said. My momma smiled.

"You're a writer like my baby here? We're very proud of Alize'." She said, and then continued on talking to him.

"Oh! What are you doing now?" My momma asked.

"I was going to go look around the Island. I was hoping Alize' could show me around."

"Well first, we're going to my Aunt's for lunch, it's a tradition." My momma said. "Why don't you join us?"

"Momma, I don't think Clarke" I started.

"I'd love to." Clarke said. I looked at him from the corner of my eye.

"We parked over here." My momma said, gripping my little brother's hand and moving towards the car. Clarke gave me an indecipherable grin, and then followed her. I stood still for a moment, my mind racing, before I felt a breeze. And, taking a step toward the car, I realized that I'd left my thong underneath my chair.

Clarke had somehow won over my family. He sat in the dining room with them, talking and laughing, while I sat in the living room with a few of my cousins. I'd left him to fend for his own, and my cousin Miya and I were sitting on the uncomfortable plastic slip covers on my aunt's couch, sipping our Kool-Aid© that we'd spiked with vodka, as usual. I put my legs up on the coffee table.

"Girl, who's he?" She asked.

"A friend of mine." I said back, taking a sip. Miya looked as If she wanted to say something else, but Clarke's silhouette in the door frame quieted her down. He sat next to me on the couch. The vodka warmed me up, and I turned my head to look at him.


"I want to show you something." I said, taking his hand. He looked at me.

"What?"

"It's a surprise." I stood up, pulling him with me. We walked out of the living room, myself taking care to swipe a set of keys from the mantle. I steered him into the hallway, moving past a bathroom and to my aunt's extra room. I unlocked the room, pushing Clarke in and then shutting the door. He moved over the piles of unusable stuff, standing in front of the large picture window, and stood there as I struggled to lock the door back.

"Is that the backyard?" He asked, staring out the window.

"Yeah." I said, finally managing to lock it. I turned to face him, dropping the keys in front of the door.

"It's huge." He said. I moved towards him, pulling my hand through my hair. I reached him, and, gripping his shoulders, turned him to face me. I kissed him, hard. Before he could pull me close, I pushed away, dropping to my knees before him.

"I've wanted to do this all day..." I said, before unbuttoning his jeans, then sliding them and his boxers down his legs. His cock greeted me, semi erect. I looked up at him before taking head between my fingers, sliding them up and down the shaft. They were soon joined by my tongue, as I traced the tip slowly. I followed the V from one side to the other, and then slid down further, moving down the underside of his cock on a path to his scrotum. My hands continued to stroke his shaft as I licked up and down his balls. I took first one, and then the other into my mouth, while my thumb worked along the tip of his cock.
