 She was sitting at home. Quiet flat. Nobody around. Just watching a bit of fluff TV when she hears the familiar sound of a txt message arriving on her phone.

"L, its M. I'm in London. Meeting cancelled. I have a few hours before I have to get back home. Want to meet for a drink?"

She hasn't seen him in years, and yet the memories come back in a flood. Is he serious? After all this time? To meet in person? 

She knows this would only be a brief, flirtatious meeting, but she feels the warmth in her body rise, as she replies. "Sounds good". She gives him the name of the area she now lives in, and they arrange to meet in a local wine bar.

One hour later, and she walks into the bar, and spots him over in a corner, watching her with a smile. She walks up to him and they give each other a big hug. Just like the last time they saw each other, they squeeze each other tightly and smell each others scent.

He loves the feel of her warm body as it presses into his, and he wraps his arms around her back as she places her head over his shoulder and squeezes him back. 30 seconds pass, and then another 30. Neither releases the embrace, and they stand there locked together.

Eventually, after what seems an eternity, they separate and look into each others eyes, hands still resting on each others sides. He leans forward and gives her a short soft kiss on the lips, pulls back and says "Hi there!" She smiles, and says "Hi there to you too!"

They smile to each other, and there is an awkward moment, of not being sure what to say next. To break the moment, he turns to the bar, and orders a bottle of white wine and two glasses.

Pointing to a bench seat, they sit down next to each other, slightly apart, but not overly so and he pours a glass of wine for each of them.

They raise their glasses "To old times" he says. "And new ones" she adds He smiles as he raises his glass, and they clink them together.

They then begin to catch up on small talk: what were you dong in london? why was the meeting cancelled? aren't you expected home. All the things that two people can think of without touching on the facts of their personal life's, and the cold realities of their situations.

During this conversation, she shifts her position on the seat slightly, and turns towards him more. Relaxing into the conversation, she starts to lean forward, and at one point touches M's leg as they exchange a brief giggle about nothing in particular. He feels the electricity in her touch, and his mind begins to swim with the emotions of being with the girl of his sexual and emotional fantasies of the last 8 years once again.

The atmosphere changes after the "touch", and she feels it too. His look changes, and she notices that despite the time that has past, there is still some base connection between the two of them. A connection that was never fully realised. Never fully acted upon.

She remembers one thing that he had said to her the last time they met all those years ago, and she looks him in the eye, and lightly bites her bottom lip. Expecting him to laugh, and smile, she is instead met with a serious and lustful look. He leans forward in the seat, slides across so their legs now touch together, moves his arm around the back of her shoulders and his hand up to her head, leans forward and pulls her towards him. No word is said, but their soft lips touch once more, but this time with a more intensive, emotional connection.

She opens her mouth slightly to his kiss, and they brush their lips together, slowly, lightly. 

She moves her hand across to his knee, and slides it onto his lower thigh, and gives him the lightest squeeze to encourage him further.

He tips his head slightly to the side, and she does the same. He pulls her head closer to his, and a full connection of soft lips is formed. She lets out a light moan, as she feels his mouth searching and moving around her own. They open their mouths further, and she slips her tongue slightly into his mouth. He reacts by touching it lightly with his.

They begin to lick and suck softly and slowly on each others tongues as their mouths open and close against each others. Oblivious to their location in a bar, and carefree as to whether they are being watched by anybody at all.

He pulls apart from their kiss slightly, looks her in the eyes, "I've been dreaming of doing this again since the last time I saw you, you are amazing".

Her mouth is still slightly ajar, and she slides her hand across his thigh slightly, and leans forward for another kiss without saying a word.

"ah-hem" said the barman. "Here is your bill, unless there is anything else you need?" He gave them a knowing look, and they giggled slightly.

"Erm, no. Thats fine, thank you very much" M said, and quickly paid the bill. "I think he is asking us to take this somewhere else" L said "I think so too." "How do you feel about that?" she said with a very clear twinkle in her eye. "Well, I have a while till I have to catch the train to go back to the real world" he said. "Lets go back to my place then. and we can have another drink there"

Five minutes later she was opening the door to the apartment. A quick cursory glance around confirmed to her that her flat mate was definitely out for the rest of the night. "Make yourself comfy, and I'll go and open another bottle I have in the fridge"

M sat down on the large sofa, and glanced around the new surroundings. 

She soon came back with two glasses of wine, and sat down next to him on the sofa. "You know what, it's good to finally have you somewhere more private after all these years" she said. "It has been a long time coming" he agreed. 

She leant forward with a smile in the corner of her mouth and reached out and stroked his jaw line. "We should have done this before"

He looked into her beautiful brown eyes, and felt what remained of his defences collapse under the power of this amazing woman.

They kissed once again, slightly harder this time, and his hand moved directly onto her jean covered thigh, and he slid it up towards the top. She moaned loudly this time, feeling more able to be free with the way she felt in this more private location. The kissed hungrily, and passionately, and he moved his hand further upwards till it was above her belt line. She sucked in her tummy to give him room, and he slid his hand back downwards, but inside her jeans. She reached across his chest and rested her hand on his neck whilst she enjoyed the feeling of his hand as he cupped her knicker clad pussy with his whole hand.

He pressed the palm of his hand against her mound, and squeezed and rolled his fingers as they pressed against the fabric of her knickers.

He became aware of a slightly wet area under his fingers, and he knew that she was ready for the most intimate contact they had every had together.

She reached down and undid her belt with her free hand, and slid her jeans down over her sexy arse and onto the floor.

He moved his hand back to her mound and gave it another squeeze. With more room to move he began to trace and tickle the inside of her thighs, as she parted her legs widely to allow him.

She moaned loudly now, as he traced his fingers around her pussy, and teased her with the slightest touch.

"Touch me" she said "If you insist" he replied, and he moved his hand down inside her knickers and onto her pussy directly for the first time.

He slipped a finger in-between her lips, and immediately felt the moist of her pussy surround it. He spread her lips apart with 3 fingers now, and rubbed her pussy fully... feeling his hand slide on her wetness. He moved up towards her clit, and positioned a finger either side, and used the wetness to begin a slow rhythmic rub of her most intimate part.

She began to grind her hips up to meet his hand, and broke away from their passionate kissing and looked him straight in the eyes.

"I am so hot for you right now" she said

M began to slide down her body whilst looking her straight in the eyes. Fingers still rubbing either side of her clit, stroking. He dropped down off the sofa, and positioned himself between her legs, and began to kiss her inner thigh. A kiss and then a lick, a kiss and then a lick. His fingers still moving in a slow rhythm, never stopping. She parts her legs wider and begins to pant slightly as she feels the first waves of pleasure begin to creep through her body. He continues to kiss and lick her thigh, moving up until his mouth is right there, in front of her glistening wet pussy. Spread open and waiting for his tongue. In one move, his fingers slide down away from her clit and move inside her, thrusting as far as they will go, whilst his tongue takes over the attention on her clit. He strokes his fingers in and out of her hole, fucking her pussy with his fingers, whilst lapping at her wetness, tasting her juices. He circles his tongue around her, and the slow relentless feeling begins to work its magic. L undoes her top with her hands, and begins to squeeze her breasts whilst they are still captured in her stunning black lacy bra. She feels the pleasure building up, and looks down at the top of M's head as his tongue is lapping at her pussy, fingers sliding in and out of her hole.

She begins to feel the signs of an orgasm build and build, his tongue never stops, his fingers continue to slide, she closes her eyes, squeezes her breasts, she moves her hand down to his head and places it on the back and pulls his head even closer to herself. "On my god, you're going to make me cum" He groans his pleasure at hearing these words and makes it quite clear that this is something he wants to happen. He slightly increases the rate of his licks, and pushes a third finger inside her.

She arches her back and thrusts her pussy into his face as her orgasm approaches, she moans out loud "I'm cumming" He groans with pleasure once more, and this tips her over the edge, She lets herself go, lets the power of the orgasm overwhelm her body, she arches her back and lets out a shout of pleasure.

She sinks back into the sofa, the orgasm subsides. M removes his fingers, and is licking her pussy from the bottom to the top, in long slow licks with his tongue flattened against her, tasting her juices, licking them up, he slips his tongue inside her as deep as he can, savouring the taste of this wonderful woman.

She grabs his head in her hands, and pulls him up her body, he tries to resist, he wants more, but she pulls him up. He licks her stomach on the way up and feels his leg press against her soaking pussy, as their faces draw in line with each other.

She looks him in the eyes. "That was amazing" she says. "I enjoyed it too" he said

She leans forward slightly and kisses his mouth, tasting herself on him. Smelling her scent across his face.

They kiss hard, sliding tongues, crushed lips, they kiss in a frenzy. She closes her lips around his tongue and sucks at it whilst his mouth is wide. He reaches down to her breasts and holds one in his hand. they are a perfect size, and his hand stretches around it, kneading the flesh through her bra. They continue to kiss, her hand slides down between their bodies and she feels his cock, still trapped inside his jeans, straining against the material. "I think its time we give your cock a bit of air" she says. She rolls him onto his side, and then further still until he is the one now lying on his back at an angle across the sofa, feet now resting on the floor. She holds the kiss, teasing him once more with her tongue. God, how he loves to kiss her. Her mouth is so perfect. Her lips so soft.

She reaches down with both hands now, and undoes the belt and buttons on his fly. She pulls his jeans down to his ankles, and quickly follows with his underwear. His cock is free. It dances in the air.She puts both hands around it, and feels the stiffness and the heat of his erection.

She looks him in the eyes, and bites her lower lip.

Without loosing eye contact, she lowers herself down his body, stopping to gently lick and nuzzle his nipple along the way. All the time holding his cock in her hand, and squeezing the shaft firmly. but thats all, no movement, just the press of her palm against his warm cock.

She goes lower and lower until she is in line with his cock. M pushes back into a comfortable position, with his head slightly propped up by a cushion so he can enjoy the visual delights in store.

L moves his cock to the side and gently kisses her way around his groin, but careful not to touch his cock with her mouth just yet. She teases him, with her warm breath over the head of his cock, and pulls it straight so its now at right angles to his body.

"I'm going to suck you" she says, still looking in his eyes. "Oh god, please" he replies, barely able to control himself. wanting so much to feel the sensation of her mouth around him.

She pulls his cock towards her, parts her lips, and very slowly places the head in her mouth. Using her tongue she stimulates the underside, and holds the cock just like that.

She removes her hand from him so only her mouth is now in contact, and then slides her mouth further down over his shaft until she has taken in as much as she can.

He lets out a moan as the intense feeling overwhelms his body. "that feels sooooooooo good" he says as she begins to slide her mouth up and down his length. all the while giving it extra attention with her tongue to the underside.

She now places her hands around his cock once more, and holds it firmly, and begins to pump his cock, to match the rhythm of her mouth.

The pressure of her mouth and hand send sparks along his body as he lays there watching as much as he can. He will never forget this moment.

She quickens her pace now, and places her other hand around the base of his cock, and begins to lightly touch his balls. All the while sucking and licking and pumping. 

He feels the familiar sensation of an orgasm begin its approach. He cant believe how she has managed to get him this far along so quickly.

Sensing his concern, she slows down slightly and looks up into his eyes. She stops pumping him, and lays his cock onto her tongue in full view of him. She kisses it, and licks it, and treats it like her favourite lollypop!

He controls himself, but knows that if this continues he will be blowing a huge amount of cum all over her face. After a few minutes of this visual delight, he makes a decision. He wants to fuck her. He wants to feel her pussy lips where her sexy mouth lips are right now. He wants to impale her. He wants to look her deep in the eyes, while his cock is inside her, and kiss her mouth, and suck her tongue.

He puts his hands down to her head and pulls her off his cock and up to his face, where he kisses her hard, tasting all the flavours of their sexual encounter so far.

He pulls her further up, and feels her breasts drag across his stomach once more, and their softness against his own.

"I want to fuck you, I want to fuck you right here, right now" She takes the invitation well, and climbs up further until her pussy is hanging over his cock.

She eases herself down onto his shaft, and lets out a slight moan as the head finds her hole and begins its journey into the insides of this amazing, sexual woman.

She sits down all the way, and takes his face in her hands. Looks him in the eyes.

"Fuck me" she says.

He feels the warmth of her pussy surrounding his cock, and the tightness that holds him. He is inside her as far as he can go when she says those words: "Fuck me" He slides his hands around her hips and onto her arse, and traces his finger nails lightly across her cheeks. She holds his gaze with her own.

They are lost in some sort of distant place, each anticipating the next move, and what will surely follow. Waiting for him to begin pumping into her, she leans forward slightly so that her clit is in contact with his body, and begins to gyrate her hips.

He traces his fingers nails all the way up her back, lightly scratching her skin all the way. Then he moves his hands around each side of her, and cups a breast in each hand and feels their weight. They are superb. Amazing breasts, he squeezes them and feels their hard nipples against his palm. He lowers his head and buries his face into the soft flesh of her breast and sucks and licks for all he is worth.

She arches her back as far as it will go, so that her clit is still in contact with him, whilst offering up as much of her breasts to his eager tongue and hands as she can. She throws her head right back and closes her eyes as she enjoys all the sensations available.

His cock deep in her warm wet, tight pussy. His hands on her tits. His tongue on her nipples. Her clit on his pubis.

She grinds against him further. Her head still back, her eyes still closed, her hair hanging down. She puts her hands behind her, onto his knees to support herself, and begins to really let herself go, she can feel the distant calling of another orgasm.

She squirms her hips, she pushes and gyrates. He feels so good inside her. He feels like he fills her up completely.

He sucks and licks her nipples and continues to squeeze and caress her breasts, whilst at the same time he starts to push his hips upwards to meet her grinding motion.

He feels like he could go forever. This has got to be the most amazing feeling known to man. Have a wonderfully sexy woman sitting on your cock, whilst playing with possibly the most perfect breasts he has ever had the pleasure of touching.

Her eyes are still closed and she is now close, the motion is working its magic, her nipples are so sensitive. She is very close. She grinds him even harder, meeting his upwards thrust as she feels the familiar feeling across her body once more.

"oh my god" she says, "you're going to make me cum again, oh my god"

He takes his mouth off her nipple for a moment "I want you to cum over my cock. Cover my cock with your cum"

She moans and begins to buck, she is soooo close now, she grinds and pushes and gyrates, his left hand is squeezing her tit, whilst his mouth is devouring her. His right hand slides around to the small of her back, and he pulls her even closer onto him.

"Oh my fucking god, oh god, yes, yes, fuck me, fuck meeeee"

She cums hard, and lets out a scream of pleasure. The most intense orgasm takes over her body, and she twitches and pushes hard against him. What a feeling, what an amazing feeling.

He smiles to himself as he hears her pleasure. He feels her pussy squeeze his cock and then the warm feeling of her cum as it lubricates her pussy and his cock. He slides both hands now around her back and pulls her body close to his. Her breasts are crushed up against his chest, and he pulls her head towards him.

She is still lost in the intensity of the orgasm, when he pulls her head towards his, and kisses her deeply. She moves her hands around his body and squeezes him tightly as their lips lock and tongues wrestle each other once more.

Another wave of pleasure moves through her as she feels the contact of his body against hers, whilst still having his cock buried deep inside her.

He lifts her weight off his lap, and begins to twist his body around to lay her on the sofa. She understands what he wants to do, and shifts her weight to move together. There is no way she wants his delicious cock to leave her pussy. They complete the move so she is now laying on her back, with him between her legs.

She raises her legs around his back and pulls him close. He drops his head to her breasts once more and flicks his tongue over her super sensitive nipples quickly and firmly.

She pushes her head back and pulls him close, she wants him to fuck her. She wants to feel his cock sliding in and out of her. But more than anything else, she wants to make him cum too. She wants to feel his cock explode inside her. She wants to watch him orgasm.
