 Chapter 05: The Waitress

Waking up from a nap after spending most of the afternoon in bed making love, they both realized how hungry they were, and decided to go out to dinner.

"I worked up a pretty good appetite," she said with a sly smile.

"I did, too," he replied; "you're giving me a pretty good work-out, Kerri!"

"Aww, poor Peter- is it getting sore?" she asked. "Here, let me kiss it and make it better!" She bent over and kissed the head of his penis, and couldn't resist letting her tongue lick lightly around the ridge at the end of his cock.

"Now, you'd better stop that, or we'll never get to dinner!" he said, although he was thoroughly enjoying the sensation of her mouth on his member.

"OK." she said, with a pretend pout, as she raised her head from his crotch. "Guess I should let you recharge your batteries, so I can ravish you some more later!" 

She got up and went into the bathroom to freshen up, then got dressed to go out. She was feeling sexy, and put on a short skirt and blouse over her lacy light-blue thong and bra. She contemplated for a moment, then, feeling a little randy, decided to undo one more button on her blouse...

They found a cute little restaurant with sufficiently low lighting to provide an intimate atmosphere. A young woman with long blond hair and an athletic figure guided them to a booth in the back... as they followed her, he couldn't help but notice the sultry sway of her hips, and the little band of lace peeking out above the top of her skirt...

They slipped into the booth next to each other, and the girl took their drink order. She was very friendly, and he tried not to stare at her firm breasts, and the cleavage that was revealed by her low-cut sweater. As she left to get their drinks, Kerri noticed his gaze...

"She's pretty cute, isn't she?" she asked.

"Oh, I'm sorry." Peter replied; "I didn't mean to..."

"No, it's alright- I think she's pretty, too." Kerri had also noticed the girl's bust, and the shapely roundness of her bottom as she walked away.

"You do?" he asked. "Well, I think you're pretty gorgeous yourself... you look very sexy in that outfit."

"Thank you... I'm feeling pretty sexy- especially after all the attention you've been giving my body."

"Well, the feeling is very mutual," he said, remembering the feel of her mouth on him...

"Well, I like your body- especially certain parts!" she replied, and reflexively put her hand in his lap, touching the parts she was referring to.

"Mmm, you are a very naughty girl!" he said, as he felt her fingers tracing the outline of his cock through his jeans. He kissed her, and let his hand slip under the table to touch her leg, feeling the smoothness of her skin as he slid his hands up her thigh to brush lightly across her lace-covered pussy.

Returning with their drinks, the waitress hesitated, not wanting to intrude. She watched for a moment, intrigued by the activity she imagined taking place below the tabletop... then, feeling slightly voyeuristic, realized what she was doing.

"Here we go!" she said, and they both pulled apart, feeling a bit embarrassed.

"I didn't mean to interrupt" the waitress said. "I can come back for your order..."

"No, that's OK" Peter told her. 

They both ordered steaks and salads, and the waitress said "I'll go put this in for you," giving them a knowing smile as she left.

"Do you think she saw us?" Kerri asked.

"Oh, I'm pretty sure she had a good idea..." Peter replied. "Sorry, I guess I should behave myself."

" I think I started it" Kerri replied, "and besides, I don't care if she did see... maybe it gave her a little thrill. I bet she'd love to have you touching her like that."

As the girl walked away, she noticed a flush running through her body, thinking about the couple in the booth, and the obvious sexual energy she had felt from them...

The couple sipped their drinks, chatting and laughing, enjoying each others' company. Their brief touching had left a bit of sexual tension in the air, and it created a warmth between them. When the waitress brought their dinners, she smiled at them, bending over the table as she put their plates down, giving them both a good view of her cleavage and firm breasts peeking out above the lace of her bra inside her sweater.. She seemed to linger a bit. 

"Is there anything else I can get you?" she asked.

"No, I think we're good." Peter replied, although he was thinking of a few things she could do for him!

"OK, enjoy your dinner, then." The waitress turned and walked away, and there was something almost sultry in her gait...

" I think she likes you." Kerri said, " I think she's hot for you."

"How do you know it's not you she wants?" he asked.

"Hmm, I don't know. But she definitely seems interested in something."

"Maybe she's interested in the same thing I am he replied, running his hand up her thigh. Kerri laughed, enjoying the sensation of his fingers on her skin. 

"Who knows?"

"Have you ever been with a woman?" he inquired.

"Well... a long time ago, in college... "

"Tell me about it" he asked, feeling a little aroused at the thought.

"Well, my roommate and I got a little drunk one night, and we were talking about guys, and sex, and how most guys don't really know how to please a woman... present company excepted, of course!"

"Thank you..."

"Anyway, we got to talking about what turned us on- I told her how I like to be touched, and she asked me to show her. I was kind of aroused from our conversation, so I did. Next thing I knew, we were kissing, and she was touching me, and she undid her blouse and asked me to touch her breasts, and we just ended up in bed together."

"Did you like it?" he asked. His cock was getting hard as she described her experience. 

"Yes, it was very sweet, and different. We both still liked guys, but there's something about the way a woman touches another woman; an instinctive knowing of what she needs. Actually, you seem to have that ability, too..." She smiled at him warmly. "Anyway, we kept each other company that year, and then she transferred to another school, so..."

"And have you had any other experiences like that?" he asked her.

"No, the next year I met the guy I eventually married, and that was that." she replied. 

They had both finished eating, and Kerri leaned against him, enjoying his warmth, and the solidness of his body. He felt so masculine to her...

"Hey, let's go dancing!" she said.

"Sure, that sounds like fun" he replied. "Wonder where there's a good place to go?"

At that moment, their waitress re-appeared. 

"How was everything?" she asked, as she cleared their plates.

"Very good!" he told her, once again admiring the shape of her; her proud bust, curvy hips and long legs...

"Say, you wouldn't know a good place to go dancing, would you?" he asked.

"Yeah, there's a nice place not too far from here. They usually have a good band, or DJ- and they have a good dance floor." the girl replied. She told them how to get there, then said: "I was thinking of heading over there when I get off, actually."

"Why don't you come join us for a drink?" Kerri said. Peter was surprised, but glad she had asked the girl, as the same thought had occurred to him.

"Well, I get off in an hour... that would be great. Thank you!" the girl replied... she felt a bit of excitement at the thought, a kind of sweet anticipation- she wasn't sure what it was about, but it was very pleasant...

They left the restaurant, got in the car and headed in the direction of the bar the girl had told them about.

"What made you ask her to join us?" Peter asked.

"I don't know; she seems nice, and I didn't think you'd mind." Kerri replied.

"You don't, do you?"

"No, it's fine." he replied. More than fine, he thought, remembering how sexy the girl looked. They arrived at the bar, and went inside. As the girl had promised, there was good music playing, and a pretty good crowd there. They found a small table off to one side, and ordered some drinks. A song with a good beat came on, and Kerri grabbed his hand, pulling him up to dance. They danced a couple of songs, then the music changed to a slow number. He took Kerri into his arms, and they danced close. 

The feel of her body against him made him stir, and she could feel his semi-erect penis pressing against her. She ground her hips into his, letting his hardness rub against her. He let his hand slide down her back to the top of her ass, pulling her tighter to him. They danced like that until the song ended, and they went back to sit down. They ordered another round of drinks, and sat close together, enjoying the physical contact. 

They got up to dance a few more times, and sipped their drinks. After an hour or so, they noticed the girl from the restaurant wandering through the crowd. She saw them, and headed in their direction.

"Hi!" she said. "I see you found it OK."

"Yes, thank you; it's a nice place. Good music!" Kerri replied. Peter was glad she was engaging the girl, as it might have felt awkward otherwise...

"You sure you don't mind if I join you?" the girl asked. "I don't want to intrude..."

"No, not at all. And, I don't think Peter will mind having two lovely ladies at his table" Kerri replied, smiling slyly. The drinks she had had were loosening her inhibitions a bit, and she found herself looking at the girl in a different way... it had been a long time since she had let herself feel an attraction to another woman, but there was something about this girl that stirred her desire. Instinctively, she put her hand on Peter's thigh, as though to re-focus her attention. 

"My name's Kerri, by the way" she said, offering her hand. 

The girl took it, and said: "Mine's Debbie." They shook hands. "And you're Peter?" Debbie asked, taking the hand he offered. 

"That's right. It's nice to meet you, Debbie!" he replied. The girl sat down next to them, and ordered a drink from the roving waitress. They chatted, getting acquainted... the girl was very friendly, telling them about the town, and anecdotes about her life there. When a good song came on, they all got up to dance. Peter enjoyed watching the two women move, more sensuously as the evening progressed, and the drinks took effect. They were both very sexy, and he couldn't help but wonder what it would be like to be with both of them...

The next time the waitress came around, Debbie hesitated, saying she wasn't sure if she should have another one, as she had to drive.

"Oh, just one more" Peter encouraged her. "If you're worried about driving, we can give you a ride home."

"You sure?" Debbie asked.

"Of course!" Kerri answered her, "it would be our pleasure." She was trying to control the lascivious thoughts that were arising in her...

They ordered another round, and got up to dance again. It was a sexy Latin number, and as they danced, the women took turns teasing Peter, dancing up close and brushing their asses against his groin. At one point, one danced in front of him while the other danced behind, moving up to him until they were both touching him. He was in heaven, thoroughly enjoying being sandwiched between these two sexy women, and they were very aware of the effect they were having on him...

"Whew!", Debbie said, as they returned to their seats. "Is it hot in here, or is it me?"

"I don't know... you are pretty hot" Peter replied. 

"Well, thank you! I'll take that as a compliment!" the girl said, acknowledging his double-entendre.

"In fact, you're both pretty hot" he said. "You two were driving me crazy out there, dancing."

"Mmm, yes, I noticed", Kerri said. She dropped her hand into his lap, letting her fingers run down the length of his stiff cock. She had gotten pretty aroused by the dance herself... Debbie saw her movements, and wished she 

could touch him that way, too. Maybe...

"Well, I hate to say it, but I should probably get home" Debbie said. "You sure you don't mind giving me a ride?"

"No, not a bit. I'm pretty danced out myself" Peter said. "How about you, babe?" he asked Kerri.

"Yeah, I'm ready to go" she answered. In more ways than one, she thought...

They got in the front seat together- Kerri sat close in the middle, next to Peter. As he drove, following the girl's directions, Kerri couldn't help putting her hand on his leg, rubbing his stiff cock through his jeans... she was feeling a little tipsy, and didn't care if the girl noticed or not. In fact, she kind of hoped she would... 

When they got to the girl's home, Debbie said: "Would you like to come in for a minute?"

"Sure", Peter said, "In fact, I need to use your bathroom, if that's OK?"

The girl led them into the house, turning on some low lights in the living room, then showed him where the bathroom was. 

When he returned to the living room, the two women were sitting on the couch, giggling- they were both feeling a little tipsy.

"What's so funny?" he asked.

"Oh, nothing:, Kerri replied. "Girl stuff."

"Like what?"

"Well..." Kerri hesitated. "Debbie thinks you have a cute butt!" she blurted out. Debbie blushed a little, but the alcohol had her feeling less inhibited, too.

"And I told her, that's nothing- she should see your front!" Kerri grinned.

The two women moved apart on the sofa, and Kerri patted the space between them. "Come sit down, baby" she said. "When was the last time you spent the evening with two hot chicks?" She was feeling very naughty...

He sat down between them, and Kerri put her arms around his shoulders. 

"I also told her you were a very good kisser" she said., and put her mouth on his. She kissed him deeply, and he responded, then remembered the girl sitting beside him. 

"Hey, we're not being very polite, babe" he said. 

"Oh, it's quite alright" Debbie replied. She had observed their kiss with interest, feeling her own desires stirring...

"You're right, sweetie" Kerri said, "it's not fair to Debbie. Maybe you should kiss her, too!" She could see the surprise, and the question, in his eyes.

"It's OK, I don't mind sharing." she said. "You know you want to! And I don't think Debbie has any objections. Do you, Debbie?"

"Mmm...no..." Debbie hesitated a bit, not sure where all this might be leading, but she had been thinking how nice it would be to kiss Peter- she found him very attractive, and the energy between him and Kerri was arousing her...

Peter turned towards her, and they looked at each other for a moment, then he put his hand on her face and kissed her, softly at first, then with more passion as he felt her respond to him. Their tongues entwined, and his arms encircled her as he pulled her closer to him.

Kerri watched them kiss, feeling the sexual energy rising in the room, and in herself. Wanting to join in, she rubbed his stiff cock through the fabric of his jeans, feeling herself getting excited at the possibilities that were unfolding.

Breaking their kiss, Peter smiled at Debbie, then turned towards Kerri, taking her head in his hand and kissing her with equal fervor. Debbie was getting turned on, watching Kerri's hand on Peter's crotch, and placed her hand alongside, feeling the length of him. The sensation of two hands on him was amazing, and he turned back to Debbie, kissing her again, as though to encourage her attentions to his cock. 

While they were kissing, they could hear Kerri moan softly as she became more and more aroused. Her fingers found the button to his jeans, and undid it.

She fumbled with the zipper, and, still kissing him, Debbie helped her pull it down. Kerri quickly pulled his stiff cock from its confines, and watched as she placed Debbie's hand on his shaft, then joined in her ministrations.

Peter sat back for a moment, looking at the two women stroking his manhood, then pulled Kerri to him, kissing her, as though in gratitude. As they kissed, Peter felt Debbie shift her position, and suddenly felt a warm tongue running along the length of his cock, and as Kerri held it for her, Debbie placed her mouth over the head ,and took him into her mouth. It felt amazing!

Kerri watched, mesmerized, as the girl sucked on his cock. She pulled her skirt up, and her hand went to her own crotch, rubbing her pussy while she watched. Taking her mouth away for a second, Debbie looked up at Kerri, silently inviting her to join in. Kerri bent over his lap, taking the head of his cock into her mouth while Debbie continued to lick his shaft. Occasionally, their tongues met, and danced with each other before returning to what they were doing. 

Debbie was on her knees on the couch, leaning over him to lick his cock, and Peter let his hand move across her back and over her shapely ass, finding the edge of her skirt and pulling it back as his fingers searched... his hand moved down the crack of her ass, across her rosebud and, pulling the thin band of her thong aside, moved into the soft folds of her pussy, which he was delighted to find already extremely wet. As his fingers touched her, Debbie let out a moan. She moved up to take his cock into her mouth. Her mouth encountered Kerri's, and the two women kissed each other around the head of his cock, enjoying the taste of each other's tongue. Then Debbie placed her mouth over his cock, and took his entire length into her mouth, opening her throat to take all of him in, and began sucking harder on him. 

Kerri got up on her knees and kissed Peter, undoing the buttons of her blouse as she did so. Shrugging it off, she undid the clasp of her bra, exposing her breasts to his mouth. With his hand still busy playing with Debbie's soaked pussy, he took Kerri's proffered breast in his mouth, sucking on her nipples. Kerri groaned with passion as he gently nibbled on her stiff nipples. 

Debbie moved her hips, trying to give Peter better access to her wet pussy while she sucked his cock. Opening her eyes, she saw Kerri standing on her knees, holding her breast to Peter's mouth. Debbie reached out with her hand, touching Kerri's leg, and moving up along the inside of her thigh. Kerri moaned in anticipation, and held her skirt up, pulling her panties aside as Debbie's fingers found their way to her pussy, slipping between the wet lips and up to her clit.

"Oh my god!" she said, as Debbie's fingers entered her warm pussy. Peter lifted his head from Kerri's breast and watched in fascination as the girl's fingers, glistening as her juices coated them, moved in and out of Kerri's drenched pussy. He began to move his fingers in and out of Debbie's pussy in a similar rhythm, and Debbie responded by licking and sucking at his cock with increased fervor, moaning loudly around the cock that filled her mouth. Kerri kissed him, while her hand went down to stroke his cock while the girl sucked him. 

Peter began to writhe with the combined pleasure of touching, and being touched by the two women. Debbie could feel him swelling in her mouth, and redoubled her efforts, wanting to feel him explode. Kerri could also feel him swelling as her hand moved up and down his shaft, alternating with Debbie's mouth, and knew his climax was imminent. She started stroking him harder, and said:

"Come for her, baby- come in her mouth!"

"Mmm hmmm!" Debbie sounded her approval at the suggestion, and began licking at the end of his cock, while her fingers continued to plunge deeper into the other woman's pussy. 

"Yes! I want you to come in my mouth. I want to taste you!" she said, as she returned to sucking the length of him deep into her mouth. It was more than he could take, and he felt his come rising as his orgasm began. He pushed his fingers deep into the girl's pussy, and with a loud groan, he started shooting streams of his hot, sticky liquid into the girl's mouth, so much that she almost gagged, but managed to keep it in, swallowing as she did. 
