 In June 1985 I completed my degree and celebrated with a wild night in the city with my housemates. Needless to say, I met a hot guy in one of the clubs we visited, and I travelled by taxi with him back to his flat.

I was wearing a very short dress and skimpy knickers. On arriving at his flat he led me straight to his bedroom where we fell onto the bed. His hands made their way up my inner thigh immediately, and very soon he had pushed the gusset of my knickers to one side and sunk his fingers deep inside me. By this time I had unbuckled his belt, undone the button and pushed my hand into his pants and wrapped my fingers around his cock.

"You really are gagging for it," he said with a laugh, and he proceeded to push my knickers down. 

I managed to free his cock and leaned down to kiss the tip. He moaned, put his hand on the back of my head and pushed downwards so that his throbbing cockhead entered my mouth, sliding across my tongue.

Swirling my tongue over his knob, I massaged his balls as I started to bob my head up and down, my lips tight around his shaft.

"Wow baby, I'm not going to last long if you keep that up," he moaned.

I continued sucking him, his pre-cum adding to my saliva to make it a sloppy blowjob. Within a few minutes his groans became louder, I felt him stiffen in my mouth, he pressed hard on the back of my head and started to throb. My mouth started filling with his cum, which I swallowed down greedily.

"Mmmmm, that was fantastic baby," he moaned, "girls who swallow are so hot."

He stood up briefly to remove his clothes, then pulled off my knickers and skirt. I removed my blouse and bra and lay on his bed waiting for him to rejoin me. He chose to get onto the bed with his knees either side of my head, and leaned down to explore my vulva with his tongue. He guided his semi-hard cock to my lips as his tongue found my clitoris. I licked and sucked him again as he ate my pussy, feeling him harden again in my mouth making me even wetter. My clit started to tingle and very soon I was writhing on the bed as a huge orgasm hit me.

As I lay on the bed panting and recovering, he repositioned himself on top of me. His now solid cockhead pressing against my pussy lips. I gasped as he pushed forward and I felt him sliding into me. He kissed me deeply, his tongue exploring my mouth as I felt him fill me. He started fucking me with long deep thrusts, I wrapped my legs around his back which changed the angle of his thrusting slightly, meaning that my g-spot was being hit with each stroke.

His thrusts became harder and faster and our moans and groans more desperate. The muscles in my pussy gripped him tightly as my second orgasm hit, and this was accompanied by a loud groan from him as he thrust in hard and started to throb, releasing his cum deep inside me.

We fucked twice more that night, but at 7 a.m. the next morning I started to dress.

"Stay a bit longer babe, we are great together," he said.

"I'm sorry, I've got packing to do and a train to catch," I replied as I made my way to his bathroom. I quickly inserted a tampon to absorb the cum that would otherwise seep out of me all day, returned to his bedroom to kiss him on the forehead and left his house.

And so it was that my time at university ended, like many occasions during my time there, leaving the house of some guy whose name I did not remember, but with his cum in my pussy.

A degree in Medieval English does not open an automatic career path, and more out of desperation than any true desire to do the job, I started work as a Graduate Trainee Sales Manager for an office equipment company based in South Wales. After two weeks of induction at the head office, I was handed the keys for my company car and my prospect list.

My territory was huge and I was expected to make a minimum of five calls per day. Technology was changing fast and the fax machine was becoming an essential piece of equipment for almost every business. I was moderately successful in closing small deals for 2 or 3 machines, but was nowhere near the targets that I had been given.

I had moved into a shared house on the outskirts of Cardiff and spent every weekend out in the pubs and clubs there, regularly waking up in the bed of some horny welsh guy. My social life was good, but I was under huge pressure in work to build my sales.

Everything changed on the day that I called on a solicitor's firm based near Oxford. They had just merged with another firm with 30 offices spread around the country. The partner responsible for the merger had called our company and the lead was passed to me. Following a review, his company had decided that they needed to standardise on their communications systems, so needed at least two fax machines in each of their combined 55 offices.

As we discussed the options available, I noticed that he was taking regular furtive glances at my tits. I was staying in a local hotel that night, so asked him whether he would like to join me for dinner that evening to discuss his requirements further, winking at him and licking my lips as I made the invitation.

We met at the restaurant early, and I had changed into a skimpy mini dress with a low cut top which gave a great view of my cleavage. He could not take his eyes off my tits all night, and as I settled the bill he said,

"Of course, I could confirm my order with you this evening. I guess you have the paperwork back in your hotel room, shall we go back there to complete the deal?"

"That sounds like a very good idea," I replied with a wink.

We quickly walked back to the hotel and made our way to my room, ignoring the dirty looks of the lady on reception. Fortunately the room had a double bed, and immediately lay down together on it. All pretense of business meeting evaporated, he was kissing me, his tongue exploring my mouth as his hands fondled my tits. I needed no encouragement, but the thought of the huge order I could win made me determined to give him the best time possible.

I unbuckled his belt and pushed my hand into his underpants, hearing him gasp as I wrapped my fingers around his rock-hard cock. I noticed him remove his wedding ring as I moved my head down to kiss the tip of his cock. He groaned loudly as I closed my mouth around his shaft and worked my tongue over his knob. His hand was on the back of my head as I bobbed up and down on him, his precum mixing with my saliva as I gave him a very sloppy blowjob.

"Oh yes baby, suck it like that," he moaned, he breathing becoming faster and heavier. His cock was about 5 inches and not too thick, so I took him deep into my throat which excited him further.

Two more minutes of licking and sucking and I was rewarded with the familiar sensation of his cock swelling, throbbing and filling my mouth with his cum.

I moved up to kiss him, but he turned away, another guy who is happy to cum in my mouth but not willing to kiss me after! That didn't matter at the moment though, I had an order to win.

I stood up next to the bed and started to remove my clothes. I noticed his cock swell as I removed my bra and panties. I then leaned over him to unbutton his shirt and help him to remove his trousers.

Once we were both naked, I lay next to him and took his cock in my hand. At the same time his hand slid between my legs and he worked two fingers between my pussy lips. I was soaking wet and his fingers entered me easily. I wanked him slowly as he fingerfucked me. He rolled me onto my back, pushed my legs apart and positioned himself on top of me with his cock pressing against my pussy lips. He thrust forward and entered me effortlessly. He fucked me hard and deep, his thrusts getting faster and his breathing deeper until he shot his second load of the night deep inside me.

Almost immediately he got up, dressed and left, saying, "Thanks love, that was fantastic, I'll get the order raised first thing tomorrow."

As I lay on the bed I looked across at the bedside cabinet and noticed his wedding ring still there.

The next morning, I made my way to his office. A huge look of relief swept across his face as I gave him his ring and my heart literally jumped for joy as he handed me the order for £35,000 of fax machines.

Over the next few months I developed my sales technique, inviting buyers for dinner, getting fucked senseless and picking up some huge orders. My success was recognised within my company at the Christmas dinner where I won the award for best sales growth. My quarterly bonuses were growing nicely as well.

Two months later, after some more big orders, I was not surprised when I was invited to attend a Board Meeting. Expecting a promotion or something similar, I dressed in my smartest business suit and arrived at the office at the appointed time.

I walked proudly through the sales office and sat outside the board room waiting to be invited in. After about 5 minutes the managing director's secretary told me that they were ready for me and I entered the room with a huge smile on my face. As I sat down I realised that everyone around the table was glaring at me, stony faced.

"What sort of company do you think this is?" yelled the MD, "do you think that we employ harlots who will prostitute their bodies to boost their bonuses?"

His tirade lasted at least 5 minutes, detailing the immense shame that I had brought down on him, the company and all of my colleagues. In shock, I sat silent barely managing to hold back my tears.

The MD finally concluded, "You're fired. Now get down to Personnel to pick up your P45."

I rose from my seat as calmly as I could, and without saying a word I made my way to the door. I opened it, and as I was leaving the sales director shouted, loud enough for everyone in the outside office to hear, "... and love, a little bit of advice, get yourself an appointment at the clap clinic sometime soon."

With that, I felt myself flush bright red, burst into tears and ran to the personnel department where I handed in my car keys and received a cheque for my outstanding wages.

For the next two weeks I moped around my house, trying in vain to find another job. I did follow the sales director's advice and attended an STD clinic where I was diagnosed with gonorrhea, so was given a two week course of antibiotics and instructed to abstain from sex for the next four weeks.

Given the circumstances of my dismissal, I knew that I would find it very difficult to get a reference from my old boss, but I did have the business card of the sales director of a competitor company stored in the back of my Filofax. I had met him at a trade show a few months earlier and he had asked me to call him if I ever felt like a change of job. After a few unsuccessful telephone calls, I finally managed to arrange a meeting.

On the day of the interview I arrived at his company on time and was shown into his very plush office. After the opening pleasantries, he said, "So, describe your most successful sales technique to me."

I proceeded to talk about building a rapport with the client, getting a good understanding of their requirements and so on when he cut me short.

"I hear that you have some special techniques that you use," and he stood up and lowered his zip as he walked towards me.

I quickly realised that a quick blowjob and the job was probably mine, so reached into his trousers, freed his cock and leaned forward to kiss the tip. Within seconds he was rock hard and fucking my mouth. I used all of my expertise to stimulate the most sensitive parts of his cock and was soon rewarded with a mouthful of cum.

So it was that I gained my second job and was soon the most successful sales person in the business. Needless to say, I was asked to stay back after every sales meeting to give the sales director a blowjob, but in return he always made sure that my sales targets were reasonable and my bonuses good.