 She reached up to turn the water off with her toes and eased back into the warmth of the water, closing her eyes and letting the sweet vanilla scent of the bubbles take her over.

Thoughts of him filled her. She could feel his hands touching her, his lips on hers, his body pressed against her, and she was taken back to the time they were together. 

Her heart raced with anticipation as she walked down the hall and stopped in front of the door.

 She found room 126 and knocked. The door opened slowly, revealing him standing before her without his shirt on. It was the first time their eyes had met, but to her it was like she had known that face every day of her life.

 He pulled her close to him for a hug, and she felt like she was home. It was the most peaceful feeling she had ever had in the arms of a man, and she felt like she could stay there forever. 

Hugging her arms around her in the water, she yearned for that moment, yearned for those arms to be holding her again.

They sat on the queen size bed and talked like old friends, brushed against one another teasingly and shared pictures and stories of his life.

 She sat beside him, her body touching his ever so lightly, and drank in every word he spoke. It was just like every time they had spoken before, she couldn’t wait to hear everything he had to say. She wanted to know everything there was to know about him.

She smiled to herself, thinking about all those night when they talked for hours, all the secrets they had shared with each other. 

The first time he kissed her, a wave of warmth flowed through her. When his hands found her body…moving over all the right places-her neck, her breasts, the small of her back-she felt the tingle all the way to the tips of her toes.

It had been a long time since anyone had touched her like that, since anyone had taken the time to explore her body and truly pay attention to what sent shivers up and down her spine. In her mind it seemed like an eternity since anyone had brought her to that place of ecstasy within her that he found so easily. 

Lying there in that bed with him, everything has seemed so perfect. Now, in this bathtub in her steamy bathroom so far from him, she ached for that feeling. He was so far away, but as she closed her eyes, he was right there beside her again. She concentrated on that, not wanting to think of the distance.

That night was like a beautiful dance. They slowly moved together… kissing and touching and kissing…passion consumed them and they moved into a place only the two of them shared. They were a million miles from anyone. The two of them were nowhere and everywhere all at once, and no one existed for her except him.

 She cried out in delight as he worked his way down her body, teasing her with kisses all the way down. Each touch of his lips sent fire radiating through her, and she ached to feel him inside her.

 A smile waltzed across her lips as he kissed her thighs, spreading them apart and working his way into the warmth between them. His mouth, his fingers, his hands…

Even all this time later she felt an all-consuming passion as she thought about that moment. 

With his tongue he worked her into a frenzy of dizzying bliss. She arched her back, pressing against him, as she climaxed once, twice…

She longed to feel his body against hers. She pulled him on top of her, needing to feel all of him as she shuddered and came to a blinding peak yet again. 

She was shaking as she touched him. He moved to pull her on top of him, and she threw her head back in a moment of pure pleasure as he slid inside of her, grasping her hips to push his eager manhood deeper within her. 

She savored every second as their bodies moved together. She whispered his name, words spilled from her mouth as she lost herself in making love to him. 

They clutched each other in a moment of raw passion as he came to a moment of ecstasy. She smiled inside as he showed his eagerness for her body, she felt a glow radiating between them as they collapsed into one another’s arms.

She shivered a little in the bathtub as she thought of that moment, and the long night of moments that would follow it, and she slid deeper into the water. The bubbles tickled her nose and she giggled, thinking of that night, and how it seemed time stood still for the two of them.

He wrapped his arms around her and she nestled into him. Their bodies fit together so perfectly, it felt to her like they were created to be one. She could feel his breath on her neck, she could hear his voice, so soft in her ear, and she just closed her eyes to the rest of the world. 

 Their forever would only last one night for now, but they would always have that memory to play over and over in their mind, unwrapping and enjoying each time like a sweet piece of chocolate-savoring the memory as it melts within them, and punctuated by the enticing thought that there would be a next time, and the next time could be even better...