 In my final year at university I worked hard towards my degree, but still found time to frequent many pubs and bars where I could meet many horny young guys. Having overcome the osaphobia that had afflicted me for most of my first two years at college, I was now a cock-sucking expert and happy to take a guy's load in my mouth, pussy or both.

I shared a house with three other girls, and almost every night you could hear the bed springs in one of our rooms squeaking -- two of the girls had steady boyfriends who visited quite regularly, whilst the other two of us would hook up with different guys regularly.

Whilst I enjoyed all of the sex that I was getting, the quality was quite variable. I can remember the night when I pulled the guy who was captain of the university rugby club. His nickname was tiny, which I thought was a joke about the build of this 6'4" man mountain. Imagine my disappointment when I found that he had a 4-inch cock and suffered from premature ejaculation. He came within 10 seconds of my lips touching his cock -- but at least I was able to make him hard again and he lasted about 5 minutes as he fucked me. Unfortunately, a 4-inch cock is never going to make me cum!

By contrast, my most memorable time at university started when I chatted up the quiet guy, Alan, who was in the same tutorial group as me. A couple of the girls on my course used to make fun of him -- calling him a nerd and so on, but he was always very nice to me when we chatted before or after a lecture.

He was very shy, and initially refused my invitation to come out for a drink, but with a little persistence on my part he joined me in a pub near my house. When, later that evening, I invited him back to my house for coffee he readily agreed. On arriving at the house, two of my housemates were in the living room watching TV, so I suggested that we could have the coffee in my bedroom.

After escorting him to my room, I prepared the coffee and returned to sit next to him on the bed. He was very nervous as I sat next to him and put my arm around him. He seemed very hesitant, then mumbled to me,

"I've never done this before... I'm a virgin."

I pulled him closer to me and whispered into his ear,

"Don't worry, you won't be for much longer."

With that I kissed him on the lips and pulled him to lay down on the bed with me. I unbuckled his belt, lowered his zip and pushed my hand down into his underpants. I was shocked by what I found, his cock was thicker and longer than any I had encountered before. As I wrapped my fingers around it, it throbbed harder and in response my pussy became soaking wet.

Knowing that this was going to be his first time, I wanted to make it extra special. I lowered his zip and freed his cock, taking it in my hand and slowly stroking it. It was beautiful, a huge purple head protected by lovely soft folds of foreskin. I leaned down to kiss then lick it. Opening my mouth wide, I took him into my mouth. Pre-cum was dribbling from the tip and I used my tongue to explore the throbbing head. This cock was so big that I could only take the head into my mouth, but I used my tongue to caress the smooth head and wipe away the precum that was leaking from the tip. As I did this I slowly stroked the shaft, mesmerised by the shape and size of this wonder-cock.

"We should get undressed Alan," I mumbled -- my mouth was still full of cock.

"Okay," he replied, and he had his shirt, jeans and pants removed in no time.

I took a little more time, wishing to put on a little show as it was his first time. I removed my T-shirt, then slowly unclasped my bra. I watched Alan's eyes widen as I removed it, allowing my 36C breasts to swing free. Next, I leaned forward to slowly lower and remove my jeans. Finally I started to lower my knickers, the darker area of dampness that had covered my pussy being evidence of my excitement.

Now naked, we embraced on my small bed, Alan's hands stroking and squeezing my breasts and tweaking my rock-hard nipples. In response, I took hold of his cock and started to stroke it. Alan then took my left nipple into his mouth, licking and sucking it as his hand moved downwards. I moved my legs apart slightly, which Alan read as an invitation to move his hand downwards. I was soaking wet, and within seconds I felt Alan's fingers exploring me, pressing deep into me.

I was slightly surprised, but delighted at the same time when I felt his mouth leave my nipple and start kissing my tummy, moving downwards. He had two fingers deep inside me as he gently kissed my clit. I felt his tongue press against my hard little button, then start to make slow circular trails around it. Two fingers were rhythmical fucking me as his tongue was doing magic things to my clit. The muscles in my pussy contracted around his fingers and I moaned loudly as I started cumming.

Alan moved up my body and started to kiss me as my orgasm subsided, his lips coated in my juices.

I whispered to him, "That was amazing, don't tell me you've never done that before."

He replied, "No, honestly, you are the first girl that I've ever been to bed with. But I have read a lot of magazines about what to do."

"Well, I hope that you've read a lot about fucking too," I replied with a smile.

I shifted to lie flat on my back and Alan lay on top of me. I spread my legs wide part, bending my knees slightly, offering my pussy to him. I felt Alan reach down, grasp his dick and guide the tip so that it was pressing against my pussy lips. Slowly Alan exerted pressure with his hips and I could feel my lips part to give him access. As he slowly started to enter me, I felt my lips being stretched in a way that I had never known before. His huge cock head continued its journey, now past the entrance, sliding deeper and deeper into me. Every nerve ending inside my pussy seemed to be on fire as inch after inch of Alan's beautiful cock slid into me. No guy had ever stretched me in this way, and no guy had ever filled me like this.

Finally, I felt Alan's pubic bone press against mine, and his balls nestling between my legs. Alan stayed still for ages, kissing me with his tongue playing games with mine. He whispered,

"This feels so amazing, your pussy is so juicy."

He then started to withdrew, slowly, as if he was savouring the sensation of every millimetre of his cock sliding against every millimetre of my pussy. When just the head of his cock was left inside me, he started to push back in again. So slowly again. This continued with Alan withdrawing slowly, then sliding back in to fill me again. I was so wet, I could feel my juices trickling down between my bum cheeks. 

As Alan gradually increased his tempo, I wrapped my legs around his backside. This allowed him to fuck me even deeper. With each inward thrust his smooth cockhead rubbed against my G-spot, which made me even wetter. My pussy was buzzing, becoming more and more sensitive. Delicious squelchy noises were emanating from my pussy, soft moans from my mouth and a deep growl from Alan.

Another orgasm was building deep inside my pussy, his thick, hard cock continuing to fuck me deeply. The sheet under my backside becoming soaked with the juice flowing from me. My pussy muscles tightened around him, squeezing him as I started to shake. I screamed,

"Oh fuck yes! Fuck me harder! Fill me with your lovely cock!"

Responding to my demand, Alan slammed his cock into me, fucking me hard, fast and deep. My pussy had never felt anything like this and I just kept on cumming.

Breathlessly Alan asked, "Can I cum inside you?"

"Yes, Yes, YES!" I screamed, "Please fill me with your cum!"

Two more thrusts, then he kept his cock buried inside me, throbbing hard. My pussy squeezing him tightly as he pumped his cum into me. He lay on top of me with my legs wrapped around him, his cock still hard inside me, throbbing in time to his heartbeat. He kissed my lips, then his tongue explored my mouth again. I felt him start to slowly grind his pelvis against mine before making small thrusting movements, pushing his cock as far into me as he could. The depth of these thrusts started to build and as I felt his lovely cockhead massaging my G-spot again I could feel yet another orgasm building deep inside me.

I started cumming again, Alan's cock fucking me hard, cum and juice dribbling down the crack of my backside. My hole was soaked in juice and cum, then Alan added yet more cum to the mix. This time Alan's cock did start to soften, but we lay still, holding each other tight.

So that night, Alan had sex for the first time -- and the second, third, fourth and fifth times! He left my bed at about 7.30, but before going he asked if he could see me again. Of course, I agreed, he was a really nice guy with an incredible cock -- what girl would have said no?

When I got up and entered the kitchen, my housemate Jenny was there having her breakfast.

"Who were you with last night?" she asked, "Your screams made me very jealous... and wet!"

I just laughed and said, "a guy called Alan, he really knows how to give a girl a good time." I briefly opened the bottom of my dressing-gown, giving Jenny a quick glimpse on the cum dribbling down my inner thigh.

"Slut!" she exclaimed with a laugh.

Over the next couple of months I saw Alan regularly. We went out on normal dates, walks in the park and all the things that other girls did with their boyfriends. We also fucked on every occasion possible, sometimes three or four times a day. We also found some cool venues for me to practice my oral skills -- in the cinema, at the local park and in the gent's toilet in a city centre club!

Alan also did not smoke, ate little meat but a lot of fruit. This meant that he had the sweetest tasting cum I have ever known. It wasn't easy sucking a cock as big as his, but the reward that I got for doing so was well worth it.

Alan had truly fallen for me, telling me how much he loved me, and I started to feel the same. We enjoyed each other's company, liked the same films and music. 

One weekend Alan arranged to travel back home for a friend's 21st birthday party. We had discussed the possibility of me attending as well, but as it was planned to be a boozy 'boys' party we decided against it. On the Saturday morning I travelled to the station with him and as we kissed goodbye we arranged for me to meet him when his train arrived the following Monday morning. With a wink, he promised that on his return he would make up for all the sex I would be missing that weekend.

I decided that the weekend would be a good opportunity to catch up on my studies, and spent the rest of Saturday and Sunday morning with my head stuck in textbooks. On Sunday afternoon I had a phone call from a friend, Natasha, asking whether I would like to go to the cinema with her. Bored with my coursework I agreed and arranged to meet at 7.30 at the cinema in the city centre. A new block-buster was playing, but when we got to the ticket desk we were disappointed to find that it was sold out.

Not wishing to waste the evening, we entered the pub next to the cinema. Of course, two young females in the pub quickly attracted some male attention. When two guys came over and offered to buy us each a drink, I politely declined explaining that I had a boyfriend but he was away for the weekend. Ignoring the fact that I had declined a drink, I was handed a rum and coke anyway and so we continued chatting with the guys -- one drink wouldn't do any harm.

Four rum and cokes later, Natasha and I were giggling at their smutty jokes and sexual innuendos. We had explained that we lived in different areas of the city, so the lads gallantly offered to escort each of us home. The taller guy, James, lived fairly close to me, so I thought it would probably be safer if he accompanied me back -- he knew I had a boyfriend, so would not be expecting anything more.

We caught a bus from the bus station and he sat next to me, with his arm around my shoulder. He was flirting with me more and more and, probably because of all of the alcohol I had drank, I laughed along with him and snuggled a little closer.

My house was about 400 yards from the bus stop and we stumbled, arm in arm towards it. On reaching the front door, James kissed me and I failed to resist. I hadn't had sex for about a day and a half, and when he asked if he could come in I whispered, "Yes."

I could hear the television in the lounge, so we started to tip-toe up the stairs. As we reached the top we were both giggling, I opened my bedroom door and we stumbled in. I switched on the light,

"Who the fuck are you?!!" James and Alan shouted in unison.

As I stood frozen, Alan jumped out of my bed, quickly dressed and ran for the door.

"My friends told me you were a slut! They told me that I shouldn't trust you! I should have listened to them!"

With that Alan slammed the door behind him. James turned to me,

"Forget him, he's a loser," and he took my hand and led me to the bed.

I said nothing, still in shock at what had just happened. James continued,

"Now you're not going to turn out to be a prick-teaser are you? You're going to let me fuck you aren't you?"

I nodded in response and started undressing. Once naked I lay on the bed, legs apart. James was also naked by now, standing next to the bed with his cock hard in front of me.

"Come on, rub it or suck it or something," he said.

I reached up, wrapped my fingers around it and started to rub it.

"Ouch! Do it gently," James exclaimed, then followed up with, "just forget it, let's fuck."

He reached down, pressing two fingers against my pussy,

"Geez girl you're dry," he said, then spat on his fingers, smeared the saliva over his knob and climbed on top of me. He pressed his cock against my pussy and slowly entered me. I wrapped my arms around him, trying to feign some interest. James started thrusting -- I was just wishing that it would end as soon as possible. After about three minutes James thrust in hard, grunted, and throbbed inside me as he filled me with his cum.

Two minutes later he was dressed and leaving.

"I can honestly say that was the worst fuck I've ever had in my entire life," he said as he slammed the door behind him. I rolled over, hugged my pillow tightly as I felt his cum start to dribble out of my pussy, and started sobbing uncontrollably.

Monday morning came too quickly, and I was due to attend a tutorial. Alan was in the same tutorial group so I found it extremely awkward. As we were leaving I grabbed his elbow and said,

"Can we talk?"

"I've got nothing to say to you!" he spat, tears welling up in his eyes. Then he continued,

"So tell me, did that guy fuck you after I left?"

I just blushed and stayed silent. That told Alan all that he needed to know. He looked at me straight in the eyes and said,

"I love... No, I loved you but you're just a slut. I don't want to ever talk to you again."

I was so upset. I had deeply hurt the kindest, sweetest guy that I had ever known. For a few days I just attended lectures and tutorials and spent all of my free time either in the library or studying in my bedroom. My housemates explained to me that Alan had returned from home early on the Sunday to surprise me, Jenny said that she wouldn't have let him in if she had known that I was out on the pull -- but that was all history now.

After three days of moping around, I was starting to get that old craving again. What I really needed to overcome this bout of depression was a good hard fuck. The other thing that was worrying me was the last thing that James had said to me -- I was the worst fuck he'd ever had.

When we had been chatting the previous Sunday, James had mentioned that he regularly drank at a pub that was just 10 minute's walk from my house. I thought it through carefully and decided that there was a good solution to satisfy my craving for a cock, and to show him that I am actually the best fuck he'll ever have.

I checked the time, 6.30 so he should be there. I put on my make-up and my shortest miniskirt. Normally I would not go into a pub alone, but this evening I was on a mission. I walked in and saw James standing with two of his mates at the bar. He initially looked away from me, but I walked straight up to him and said,

"Hello James, can I have a word with you outside please?"

He looked very sheepish, but did follow as I walked back to the door. As I reached the door, I heard one of his friends say, "that was the bit he fucked on Sunday night."

As soon as we were standing outside, James started to apologise,

"Listen, I'm sorry. The way I treated you on Sunday was terrible..."

I interrupted him, "Don't worry about that -- I have to apologise for being the worst fuck you've ever had. And I'm here to make amends."

James remained silent, trying to comprehend what I was saying, so I spelt it out for him,

"I've come here this evening to give you the best fuck of your life. So shall we go to yours or mine?"

Once again James didn't reply, so I took his arm and started walking towards my house. As we walked, I turned to him and asked,

"You do want to fuck me now I hope? My pussy is getting wet just thinking about your cock."

"Um, yeah, of course I want to fuck you," he replied.

Within a few minutes we were at my front door. I let us in and escorted him up the stairs. At my bedroom door I hesitated slightly, briefly reliving the drama of the previous Sunday. But when I opened the door this time there was no-one in my bed. I closed the door behind James and immediately sank down onto my knees.

James just looked down watching me as I unbuckled his belt, unbuttoned the waist and pulled his trousers and pants down. He had a nice, fairly thick, uncircumcised, 6 inch cock. It was at half-mast as I wrapped my fingers around it, and I felt it harden as I kissed then licked the head. With my mouth open wide, the underside of his knob slid across my tongue. I closed my mouth around his shaft, and slowly stroked him as I moved my head back and forth.

"Oh fuck that feels good," James sighed as he put his hands on the back of my head. My tongue worked on purple head as James fucked my mouth. My free hand cupped his heavy balls as his cock slid in and out of my mouth more quickly. James' breathing was becoming heavier, and I was determined to make him cum quickly.

"Aaaaahhhhhh," James groaned. His cock swelled against my tongue, and as he throbbed, my mouth started to fill. A little dribbled from my lips and fell onto my blouse. I swallowed the first mouthful and with each throb a little more oozed onto my tongue.

"Babe, that was fantastic," James said, as I looked up at him, half hard cock still in my mouth and cum dripping from my chin.

I got up off my knees and replied, "I hope you've got plenty of stamina, I want you hard again, and again."

James did not disappoint me, as I undressed in front of him he regained his erection and quickly removed his clothes. I lay back on the bed, with my legs wide apart, inviting him to use my body. To my delight, he leaned down & licked my soaking wet pussy. His tongue explored deeper between my lips then found its way to my clit. His hands clenched my buttocks as he licked and sucked, pushing me towards a huge orgasm.

As I recovered, he kissed me on my mouth and said, "At least you're going to be very wet when I fuck you this time."

I then felt him entering me, sliding effortlessly into my fuck-hole. We fucked for at least 20 minutes, missionary, cowgirl and doggy with a little 69 included, but I desperately wanted to feel him throbbing inside me as he came, which he finally did.

We stayed in my bedroom for a full 24 hours, fucking, snoozing, then fucking again. As he left the next day, he asked to see me again, adding that I was indeed the best fuck he'd ever had. I refused, however, having realised that if I ever let a guy get close to me, to love me even, then I would just end up hurting them.
