 After losing my virginity to Alfie about 3 months after my 18th birthday, we started to have sex whenever the opportunity arose, almost always when either his or my parents had gone out for the evening. It was still very secretive as I had not confided in my mum regarding my sexual activity & Alfie had not discussed it with his parents either.

I had visited my GP however, and was now on the pill. I remember the first time Alfie came inside me, it felt so special & I felt so grown up when I got home and found the gusset of my knickers soaked in his cum.

At school my friend Debbie quizzed me non-stop about my sex sessions with Alfie, she was particularly interested in knowing how big his dick was, and whether I had given him a blowjob. When she saw the look on my face when she mentioned 'blowjob', she took great pleasure in describing to me how she would lick the pre-cum from the tip of a guy's cock, before taking him deeply into her mouth. She would give the graphic details of feeling the smooth cockhead sliding over her tongue then how it would swell, throb, then fill her mouth with cum. These discussions would always make my knickers very damp, but I still didn't think that it was something that I would ever do.

The boys swarmed around Debbie. I'm sure that she had built a reputation as the blow-job queen and every boy wanted to experience her expertise. I, on the other hand, had steadfastly refused to put my mouth anywhere near Alfie's cock - and he was getting more and more upset about it. It ended up with a row in which I told him that he should find some other slut who would suck him off. He replied that he was going to do just that, and our relationship was over.

Initially I was upset when I saw Alfie chatting up other girls, but I received quite a few date invitations and got over it fairly quickly. Most of the boys I dated just wanted sex, and it was quite a task to keep their hands just on my boobs on a first date. I set myself a little rule that I wouldn't touch their cock & they couldn't put their hand in my knickers until the third date. This turned out to be a major challenge for a lot of the boys!

After Alfie finished with me, I had sexual relationships with three other boys in sixth form, but 2 of those relationships ended as a result of my refusal to give oral. I discussed this with Debbie, and she could not believe that I was letting boys finish with me for the sake of a blowjob. She tried to persuade me that I would like it, but to no avail.

My time in sixth form came to an end with the A level exams, and I got the grades to get into a university in the north-west of England. My parents drove me to my all-female hall of residence and I spent the first night away from home getting to know the girls on my corridor. The conversation soon got onto boys and then sex. All but one of the girls had lost their virginity. A few were in long-term relationships and were expecting to have their boyfriends visiting them on a regular basis, but most of us were young, free and single. When the subject turned to oral sex I remained quiet but listened intently.

There were some weird stories of blow-jobs in very strange locations, then a long 'spit or swallow' debate, with about half of the girls in each camp. Again, the discussion made my knickers very damp, and after I had gotten into bed I rubbed my clit and had a huge orgasm from thinking about sex.

The first week at university was packed with events for the 'Freshers', and this included a disco at one of the all-male halls which was close by. All of the girls on my corridor bought tickets and together we made our way to Derby Hall. 

The bar was packed, and there were so many lads hitting on every female present. When one Scottish guy said something that made me giggle, we struck up a conversation, then he was soon leading me by the hand to the dancefloor. As the smoochy records started playing we danced close up and started snogging - I could feel his hard cock pressing against me. After the DJ played the last song he invited me back to his room.

We soon reached his room, and after he put some music on we lay on his bed, kissing deeply again. I was unsurprised when I felt him undoing my jeans, and I did nothing to stop him as his hands slipped inside my knickers. Not wanting to be left out, I loosened his belt and put my hand inside his pants.

We were both getting quite breathless and our clothes were then removed quite rapidly. I laid back on the bed, but was delighted when he started to suck my nipples, then kissed and licked his way down my tummy. At that time I had a proud bush of pubic hair (the fashion for trimmed or shaved pubes hit the UK much later), and I felt him stroke it gently before I felt the tip of his tongue explore between my pussy lips. Then I felt tiny electric shocks as it grazed against my clit. I was conscious of a finger entering me as his tongue traced patterns on my clit. No guy had ever done this to me before and I could feel a huge orgasm building deep inside my pussy.

As it hit me I was writhing on the bed, but I still had his tongue rasping against my clit and my pussy being finger-fucked deeply. As I finally started to recover, I felt him on top of me, aiming his cock at my soaking pussy. He entered me effortlessly, so much juice flowing from my hole, and he fucked me hard and deep, putting my legs over his shoulders and filling me with his cock. I was moaning loudly, feeling a second orgasm building as he kept up a wonderful deep fuck. I think I screamed as the stars flashed in my eyes and my pussy muscles contracted tightly around him. This set him off and he growled deeply as he slammed into me and started to pump his seed into me. He lay still on top of me, but I could feel him twitch and throb inside me.

We lay in each other's arms and drifted off to sleep. I awoke early the next morning, with the slimey feeling of his cum dribbling out of me. As he felt me move, he moved to kiss me and I felt his hard cock pressing against my tummy. Seconds later, his cock was sliding into me again and he started rubbing my clit with his fingers as he fucked me again. Once again, he gave me an orgasm before cumming deep inside me again.

I had one of my first lectures that morning, so explained that I had to get back to my room to freshen up. I asked when I could see him again, but he replied,

"Sorry, I've got a girlfriend."

He quickly added, "You're a fantastic fuck though."

His praise quickly dampened my disappointment, and I asked, "Better than your girlfriend?"

To which he replied, "Almost, but she gives incredible head."

So I quickly walked back to my hall, and was greeted on my return by four of the girls. Apparently only three of the girls on our corridor had copped off with a guy, and I was the only one who had stayed away for the whole night. I answered a few of their questions and went back to my room to change. As I removed my knickers, I found the gusset soaked in cum and further rivulets escaped from my pussy and dribbled down my legs. I certainly needed a good shower before leaving to attend the day's lectures.

My first term at university continued in much the same way. Days filled with lectures, tutorials and time in the library, and evenings spent in pubs, bars and clubs - which more often than not ended up with me in some guy's bed. If I went for more than 3 or 4 days without being fucked I would get quite irritable, desperate to have a cock inside me. A few relationships lasted for a few weeks and one lasted for around 3 months, but most seemed to end due to an argument about oral sex.

It was in the final term of my second year that a group of us travelled to the other side of the city to see an up-and-coming band who were playing in a club. We got to the venue quite early and found a table that had a good view of the stage. We each bought rounds of drinks and became more giggly as the club filled up. I noticed a guy at the bar who seemed to be watching me. After we made eye contact he came over to our table and started chatting. He introduced himself as Martyn, he lived locally and worked as a mechanic. He was a bit older than the student guys I had mixed with up until now and I found him really attractive.

When he leaned in to whisper to me, I was expecting him to offer me a drink, but he actually said,

"I've bet my mates that I'm going to fuck you tonight - I am going to win my bet, aren't I?"

I could feel my face blush, but at the same time my pussy became soaking wet.

"Um, okay," I replied, lost for words.

"Let's go," he responded, taking me by the arm and leading me to the door. I waved to my friends over my shoulder and was soon walking with Martyn through the back-streets. We quickly reached his small terraced house and he led me up the stairs to his bedroom. Once inside he pushed me to my knees, lowered his trousers and underpants and said,

"Suck it!"

I started to stammer a response and he interjected,

"C'mon slut, suck my cock!"

Quickly thinking through my options, I realised that I didn't have any alternative. So I reached up and wrapped my fingers around his half-hard cock and moved my lips in to kiss the tip. Recalling all of the conversations I had had with Debbie and my friends in hall, I tried to think of all the tricks and tips that they had passed on.

I could feel Martyn's cock harden in my hand as I licked the tip, then opened my mouth to let it slide across my tongue. Debbie's key advice was to always keep your hand around the base of a cock, as it allows you to stroke it, but also allows you to control how deep it goes into your mouth.

I remembered other advice, such as, "Keep your teeth well clear," and "Concentrate your tongue on the underside of the head."

I found the smooth texture of the cock-head against my tongue to be very arousing, and swirled my tongue around it. Martyn had his hands on the back of my head and was now thrusting - fucking my mouth. With my free hand, I started fondling his balls, and interpreted his grunts and groans to mean that I was doing it right. After about 5 minutes my jaw was starting to ache, but Martyn's thrusting was becoming more frenzied. Then I felt him swell and throb and my mouth started to fill with his cum. Each throb squirted more into my mouth and I had to quickly decide...

As I swallowed the first gulp I heaved slightly, but then carried on - drinking down his cum. I had finally graduated as a cock-sucker - and it was nothing like as bad as I had expected it to be.

"Wow," said Martyn, "you're an expert cock-sucking slut, aren't you!"

I smiled at the compliment, thought better of telling him that it was actually my first time, and got up off my knees.

"Now it's time to fuck your cunt," he said as he guided me to his bed.

He was still as hard as iron as he pulled off my jeans and T-shirt, and within seconds his cock was driving into my pussy. I was so wet and within minutes I could feel an orgasm building. Martyn was just using my body - my cunt in particular - for his own pleasure, but I didn't care. I was loving this fuck.

I came, shuddering and moaning, my cunt muscles tightening hard around his cock. He continued fucking me, until he growled and shot his load deep inside me. We then lay on the bed in silence before I fell asleep.

It was some hours later that I felt myself being shaken awake.

"Come on slut, give me a blowjob before work."

Without thinking twice, I moved down his body, took hold of the base of his cock in my right hand and closed my lips around the head. About 5 minutes later I was rewarded with another mouthful of cum, which, of course, I swallowed.

So it was that I added fellatio to my arsenal of sexual skills, and over the remaining time at university I took every opportunity I could to suck as many cocks as I could.