 There were four of us at dinner. Leo and Trudy, a long-time married couple in their fifties, were our host and hostess. I was with Angela, my third wife, who was twenty years younger than anyone else at the table. At the end of the meal, when Trudy had told the staff they could leave and the port decanter was circulating, Trudy asked a question that led to a long silence. Before I come to that question, the situation that prompted it and the events that followed, some explanation is necessary.

Leo and I go back a long way. It was more than thirty years since we had first met at school. Since then our paths had diverged and come together again more than once. The attraction may have been due to the fact that we both came from ordinary backgrounds and made our way to positions of influence and affluence by sheer hard work. We were lifelong genuine friends, capable of sharing as well as rivalry. Perhaps one story will serve as illustration.

Although Leo is the intellectual, I was bright enough to join him at college. I was also realistic enough to accept that his first class honours degree and my modest second were what our respective abilities merited. To keep pace with Leo I knew I would have to run harder. I was prepared to do that and I have succeeded. However, to return to college days ...

Rugby was our chosen sport. Leo, even then twenty pounds heavier than me, was a back row forward, tough and uncompromising. Full back suited my own flashier nature and, I believed, gave me the edge in impressing the females who watched us play. I was mistaken. Beneath Leo's imposing bulk was innate charm. At parties, I would still be in process of impressing a blonde with long legs legs only to discover that Leo had already departed in the company of some full-bosomed brunette. Our tastes were different. His technique was better.

The crunch came at a ball shortly before we graduated; it gradually dawned on me that Leo and I were both making a play for the same woman. She came from a wealthy family and enjoyed a lifestyle given to few undergraduates. Nowadays she is a titled lady, an apparently respectable (though who really knows?) mother of three, chairwoman of a prominent charity and a campaigner for numerous worthy causes. We were fortunate to encounter her in what was possibly an entirely different phase of her life, so for discretion I will call here Sarah.

In the small hours, when the seriously inebriated were making the rounds in search of yet more champagne, Leo, Sarah and I were sharing a sofa in a secluded corner. Leo and I had been circling our prey all evening, wary of each other, each jealous of any sign of encouragement that seemed not to come our way. Sarah, fully aware of the situation and enjoying it, led us both on with a glance here, a gentle touch there. Now it was time for some conclusion and Sarah delivered it. Sitting up straight and removing my hand from her thigh, she said, "It's boring here, and there are still too many people. Why don't we go back to my place?"

Students in those days either had rooms in college or shared often squalid facilities in the town. Sarah was an exception. She could afford a rented apartment to herself. Moreover, as we discovered, it was above an office suite in the quiet commercial area where few people were about at night. While Sarah rummaged in a handbag for her key I reflected on the complicated ruses that had been necessary to gain access to the beds of most of my earlier conquests - and the equally furtive routines of unseen departure.

There was a pleasantly feminine aura to the premises - a sitting room with all the facilities a student required, television, stereo, bookcase, desk, computer; a bathroom; a kitchen with wine in the fridge. "And through there," said Sarah, concluding a swift guided tour, "is the bedroom where I suggest we make ourselves comfortable."

Leo and I looked at each other. We had been expecting all evening that one or other of us would be granted Sarah's favour and the other would slink away. But that was not at all what she was suggesting. Before either of us could respond, Sarah said, "Look, there's no need to be coy about this. Are we going to fuck or not? And if we are, I take it you have condoms?"

Maybe this was how the upper classes conducted themselves but it was a first for me (and, as he later confessed, for Leo, too). Nevertheless, two horny young men were quick to adjust, Leo rather more swiftly than I. No sooner had I confirmed the availability of condoms than Leo, with the deftness of a magician's sleight of hand, had produced a pack from his pocket.

"First class," said Sarah. "Let's get down to it. What with Finals and everything, I've been without for too long." She was already undressing, easing her ball gown from her shoulders and letting it slide to the floor. Displaying black bra and knickers, suspender belt and stockings, she pirouetted in front of us, pausing first to let us take in a protruding bosom, then turning and bending to show off the curves of her arse tautly covered by flimsy material. She stood and faced us. "Who's going first?" she asked. "Or do you fancy a proper threesome?"

Neither of us was keen on sitting things out while the other piled into Sarah, so a threesome was what evolved. Sarah made impatient comments while the two of us stripped. Then she stepped out of her knickers and stood back to survey the cocks on offer. Perhaps because of the speed with which Leo applied a condom to his stubby but impressively thick weapon, she decided he would have first use of her cont. She invited him to explore her from behind while she knelt across the bed on all fours. At the same time she motioned me to stand in front of her. Unfortunately, I had partially lost erection - something I sometimes experienced while fiddling with a condom. Sarah dealt with that by wrapping her knickers round my shaft and applying a massage so sensuous it almost brought on a disaster there and then. But conscious of the firming effect of her endeavours, she removed the knickers, unrolled the condom over a now jutting cock and applied her mouth.

It would be pleasing to report that what ensued was an energetic hour of innovative sex culminating in carefully controlled orgasms for all three, with Sarah exhausted after receiving the total fulfilment that was her due. The truth is the session was a near fiasco. While Leo and I had enjoyed individually the favours of several women in the past, at that age we were far from being expert lovers and completely unprepared for the excitement generated by our first threesome. This, remember, came after a long evening of carnal expectation during which the tension had been steadily building in our loins. In the circumstances, I suppose it was unsurprising that Sarah's greedy suction was altogether too much for me. Before I could slow her down I found myself ready to explode. Lacking the technique that would have allowed me to hold back, I succumbed. Her groan of disappointment was misinterpreted by Leo as a cry of lust and that provoked an involuntary increase in the pace of his thrusting. Almost immediately after my discharge, he gripped Sarah's hips and, with one last plunge, lost control, too.

Sarah, as furious as she was frustrated, had the vocabulary to give full expression to her feelings. Some of the things she called us make me blush with embarrassment when I remember them all these years later. Getting dressed and slinking away was humiliating in the extreme. On the way back to our rooms Leo and I didn't speak. I often wonder if the events of that evening are remembered equally vividly by Lady S---------, as she now is.

*********************************

For a few years after graduation Leo and I kept in touch over occasional dinners, exchanging notes about the respective women we had bedded, or pretended to have bedded. But in time the pressures of earning a living took precedence. From afar - listening to City gossip and reading the financial pages - I followed Leo's spectacular rise. Astutely playing the market during the property boom (enjoying, he later told me, luck he scarcely merited), he moved into the hotel business. By the time he was forty, his nationwide chain was so successful he could have retired. Instead, he spotted the emerging market for fitness clubs and gymnasiums and made himself a second fortune.

Without being immodest, I can say that my own career path enjoyed similar good fortune. Having begun as a copy writer in a small advertising agency, I moved around the industry (as any ambitious young man had to) until I found myself managing the accounts for a number of prestigious brand names. The big break came when the agency was taken over and, such was my reputation by then, I was able to negotiate a lucrative new deal. Three years later, I broke away to set up my own PR and advertising outfit, and have never looked back.

One of my first clients was Leo. The PR manager for his empire was leaving, it suited Leo to outsourcer and he had tracked my progress just as I had followed his. We had lunch and a deal was struck. Our friendship renewed, we met regularly, socially as well as on business matters. I had already been through two marriages (the first having foundered on mutual youth, the second when I discovered too late my wife's inhibiting prudishness); at last I felt contented with Angela who shared my taste for occasional additions to our sexual repertoire. Leo was settled with Trudy. We all four enjoyed each other's company.

The ultimate development came when Leo decided that my services were costing him more than he wanted to pay. It wasn't that he couldn't afford them; he simply had rigourous views about value. Then, after an amicable argument over dinner, Trudy said, "For God's sake, why don't you just pool your interests? Merge."

Of course, it took the lawyers months to justify their hefty fees for making the merger legal but finally it was. A celebratory dinner was convened and it was then that Trudy asked another question - the one that, as I explained at the outset, led to a long silence.

"So that's the business settled," Trudy had said, "but there's more than one kind of merger. How would you folks feel about us all - merging?"

When nobody spoke, Trudy went on, "Or are you so busy making money you've gone off sex?"

There was a lot to think about during that extended pause for contemplation. Trudy had been drinking freely (she later confessed that otherwise she might not have had the courage to take the initiative) but not to the degree that she was unaware. She looked from one to the other of us, taking in Leo as well. Her husband was smiling and nodding. I looked at Angela and wondered. Here was an invitation to an experience we had discussed more or less as a fantasy but had never sought to put into practice. That was when my wife took a deep breath and said, "If I know my man, you can count Geoff in. He certainly hasn't gone off sex." And after a pause while that sank in, she add, ""And neither have I."

Feeling that I should make a contribution, I said rather feebly, "What do you have in mind, Trudy?"

"Good heavens," she exclaimed. "If you want me to spell it out, how about if Leo fucks Angela and you fuck me? And see where we go from there."

My eyes met Angela's. I sensed suppressed excitement. She said, "I think we should try."

"Then that's settled," Trudy announced. "If we're going to be comfortable, I suggest upstairs. One room or two?"

"One. And I'll tell you why." It was Leo's first contribution. "In separate rooms we'll all be wondering how our other half is getting on instead of simply concentrating on enjoying ourselves. Besides, there's watching as well as doing. And maybe later on Trudy and Angela will be inclined to get together."

"One thing at a time, dear," added Trudy. "I was saving that idea for later. Now come along. Upstairs everyone."

While we were making our way to a spacious master bedroom dominated by a king-size four-poster I thought back over the past few minutes and saw clearly that the comments by Trudy and Leo indicated premeditation. They had been fancying an adventure and they had identified us as potential partners. At the same time, remembering the past, I hoped this foursome would be more successful than that long-ago threesome with the ineffable Sarah.

This was the point where embarrassment could easily have arisen. How to begin? So far we had been Roland along by Trudy's matter-of-fact approach but now, with an instinctive assessment of the situation, our hostess changed the mood. She moved behind Angela. Reaching round to cup my wife's breasts, she said softly, "I know Leo can hardly wait to get his hand up you skirt, but don't worry, he'll be good with you. Even after all these years I still think he's as good a fuck as anyone could want." She surrendered Angela to Leo and crossed to where I was standing, still somewhat uncertain. "But for now I want to get my mouth on Geoff's cock."  Her hand caressed the bulge that had developed. "Feels good to me. But I need to see the goods."


So saying, she opened my zip and made me step out of my trousers and boxer shorts. "You can deal with the rest," she said, "I'm going to look after this." Even as I began to unfasten my tie, Trudy had knelt at my feet and engulfed my cock in her mouth. Her ability to take in the full length in one swallow at the outset was astonishing. Startled, I recalled the disaster with Sarah. This was no time to falter in that way. I interrupted my disrobing to put my hands on the top of Trudy's head and take charge. Happy as I was for this fifty-five-year-old woman to exercise her wiles on my cock, I intended to have some influence on the operation. Carefully, I rocked her head back and forward until she understood and allowed me to fuck her mouth in my own time. Her contribution was an infinitely subtle variation of suction and titillation, sometimes with her lips, sometimes with the tip of her tongue as I neared full withdrawal, sometimes with voracious adhesion of her palate. Once she understood that there was no longer any danger of a premature accident, she used a hand to caress my balls. Then her other hand crept up my inside leg and round the back to insert a finger a small way into my arsehole. Any assessment of Leo's prowess was obviously matched by his wife's.

Leo, meanwhile, had made a start with Angela. As I dropped the last of my garments to the floor and stood naked, joined at the groin to Trudy's voluptuous mouth, I looked across to my wife. She had been positioned face down across the arm of a chair before a large mirror. Leo had lifted her skirt and was purring at the sight thus revealed: a temptingly-rounded arse that stretched the silk material of her black knickers. His hand caressed the area of white flesh between the knickers and the top of her black stockings. I heard him say, "Can you go wider, please?"

Angela parted her legs a few inches more, supporting herself with her arms on the chair and her toes on the carpet. Leo stood back for a few moments to enjoy the view. "Wonderful," he said. He looked across to me and added, "Geoff, you're a lucky man. This is a gorgeous bottom. Has it ever been fucked?"

"Only by me. And not often. She needs to be very aroused."

"Fair enough." And then to Angela, "Don't worry, dear. Nothing will happen unless you want it. Any time you want to stop, you only have to say."

In the mirror I saw my wife turn her head towards Leo and nod in approval. "I'm all right. Please go on." I could imagine how wet her cont would be already. She delighted in foreplay and was quick to lubricate. Although Angela was not really a submissive she liked me to be firm in my demands and I guessed she would be the same in this new situation. 

Leo had unzipped himself in order to extract his cock, the broad member I remembered from the night with Sarah. The girth didn't disturb me. Although my own cock is more notable for being a little above average in length, I knew that, fully prepared, she would be able to accommodate him. Not only able, eager. She had sometimes shown more than passing interest in a similar cock when we were watching a video at home. Now Leo was slowly stroking his while he admired the protruding buttocks through the black fabric. Eventually, he moved in again to fondle the cheeks. It was an action I frequently enjoyed myself and seeing it administered by another man made me redouble my efforts with Trudy, confident of being able to increase my speed and of her ability to respond. Across the room, Leo's fingers slid inside the leg of Angela's knickers, searching for the wetness of her cunt. She gave a loud sigh of pleasure.

Trudy's knack of realising when her attentions were taking me too close to the edge was remarkable. I was about to ease her off for a short while when she she pre-empted me. My dick slipped from between her lips and she stood up. "I always thought Leo could take plenty of that," she said, "but you did pretty well. I must say I was very tempted to take what you had to offer, but let's not spoil things. There'll be time for that." I wondered what she had in mind, but she went on, "My turn now. But first, let me get out of this dress." When she lifted it over her head, she was naked underneath, further confirmation of my growing certainty that this evening had been at least hopefully anticipated if not confidently expected.

"And very appetising you look, too," I said, standing back to inspect her as she flexed her arms behind her back. It was no merely tactful compliment: for a woman into her fifties, Trudy was remarkably well preserved. A slight tendency to chubbiness was acceptable, given the round, fleshy tits which her posture thrust into prominence. There was no hint of sagging. The nipples, pink and pointed, were already firm. 

With one hand gently maintaining the readiness of my cock, I led her to bed and asked her to stretch out on her back. I knelt over her and set to work on her tits, licking, nibbling and sucking. For a while Trudy gurgled her appreciation. Then she spoke to Leo, beginning a kind of commentary by which they each kept the other informed of what they were experiencing. "My darling," she said, "Geoff is as good as I hoped he would be. He's all over my tits with his mouth. And now I'm going to get him to go down on me. Try not to get too carried away and forget to watch us."

The only reply from Leo at that point was a loud grunt, which led me to wonder how much progress he had already made with Angela. It was the kind of sound that comes from a man who has just sunk his cock into a receptive orifice, but I was in no position to get a glimpse of how my wife was being serviced. Trudy's hands were on the back of my head, pressing it between her thighs. Once satisfied that I would do what she needed, she released one hand and used her fingers to open her labia to my tongue. The first taste was nectar, tangy cont juice from a deep well of desire. From somewhere above I heard Trudy exclaim, "Oh, yes please!"

Again my mind flashed back to the shortcomings of our adventure with Sarah. I recalled later escapades that gave me passing thrills. I thought of conventional sex and unsatisfactory sex with my former wives. I remembered with gratitude the generosity with which these days Angela offered me total access to her body. But still I wondered how I had allowed so many wasted years to pass before discovering the thrills unfolding here.

My musings while alternately lapping at the outer folds and probing the inner recesses were interrupted by Trudy's voice. "Geoff, dear. I'm ready for my first one. Direct your tongue a little lower, and I'll do the rest with my fingers."

She raised her knees and widened her legs, raising her bottom slightly from the bed. I saw her middle finger alight on her distended clitoris and begin to rub lightly. The contribution I was expected to make was clear, and I applied myself to it with enthusiasm. 
