 Annie was always the favorite. Among our parents, our peers, and especially with the boys. All of our childhood, Annie was always praised for whatever she was doing. In school, the teachers had always told her that she did well and that she would excel in life and that she would go far in whatever way of life she chose. She was always the popular girl. She was always among friends. As we got into high school and college, she always had an array of boyfriends. I remember her never having gone without boys to dances or special occasions. So after Annie graduated from college, I distinctly remember the night she came home with her "fiancee."

Daniel was a very nice guy. But I knew that she wasn't really marrying him because she really loved him. Annie wasn't like that. I don't she believes in real, passionate love. The deep emotional connection you can rarely find with another person. She was marrying Daniel because he was 4 years older than her and already had established his career and was making great money. He belonged to many charitable organizations and was popular among his co-workers. That and he had a body to die for. Trim, athletic figure with killer abs and a tight ass. He eyes were a shade of green that when he looked at you, he looked through to your very soul. So after 7 years of marriage and 2 children later, I heard the most wonderful new of my life. 

"Daniel and I are getting divorced," I heard Annie say.

"He just doesn't get it. All he ever wants to do is have sex and I can't deal with him anymore. All he ever thinks about is these disgusting fantasies that he gets from watching his porn. He's so degrading whenever we try to be intimate. I can't stand him anymore. I used to think that I loved him and that our lives would be great, but I guess that they say is true. Money can't buy love or happiness."

"What will you do? Where will you and the children go?"

"Well, I was hoping you and dad would let me and the kids stay here until things settle down and I find a nice suitable place for us. My job is fine and I've got some money saved up. I just need to find a place and it might take awhile for the divorce to go thorough."

"You take all the time you need dear, your father and I will support any decision that you make. We want a good, stable environment for the children to be in and it would be best for them to be with family, where you and they will be safe and protected." 

"Thank you mother, " Annie said as she got up and hugged our mother.

I hurried back up to my room as I pondered what my sister said. I had always known that Daniel was a sexual person. And from what I remembered, Annie was too. I remember before they got married, they were always sneaking off someplace to get off. Sometimes, when they didn't think anyone was home, but I was in my room, I remember hearing them. I remember the raw sexual passion. I remember Annie back in her college days, I heard her talking with her roommate about all of her encounters with the guys. Her skipping classes to get it on with her many boyfriends. I remember hearing her spilling all the glorious details about it. How she would always start off by sucking his big dick and how she loved the feeling of it sliding down her throat and then how she would only climax when she was on top, riding his big cock and until she came.

Most of the time, I thought Annie was a slut. But there were very unusual times where I was insanely jealous of her. I had lost my virginity with a guy I had studied with in college, but it wasn't romantic or even sordidly "dirty." It was just sort of a situation where we looked at each other and said, "okay, let's try this."

The next few weeks were sort of blurry. With Annie and the kids moving in and the divorce proceedings happening, I hadn't given much thought to the conversation that I had overheard between Annie and our mother. But after a few months, I was at a convention for work and Daniel was one of the guest speakers. Seeing him reminded me that he had been married to my sister. But still, he was a handsome man. His hair was just starting to gray around the temples, his eyes were still that piercing green and he still had a body to die for. My mind started to wander off to the conversation that I heard. And I noticed myself getting turned on. I felt my body start to flush and found myself getting slightly damp between my legs. I felt a little dirty, a little wrong imagining my sister's ex-husband doing explicit things.

After the meeting that night, Daniel caught up to me and asked me to have dinner with him and I didn't want to be rude, so I said yes. Were were sitting in the hotel's restaurant enjoying a nice meal and then I noticed something. Daniel was drinking scotch and I was drinking wine, but things started to get heated. He rested his hand on my thigh and started talking about the things that went wrong with Annie.

"She just wasn't the same anymore. Ever sine she had the kids, her appetite for sex just disappeared. She NEVER wanted it anymore. She claimed that I was disgusting and that she couldn't stand my weird sexual fantasies. But before the kids, she was more sexually turned on than anyone I have ever known. She would try anything and everything. We even experimented with threesomes and swinging. But then all of a sudden, she didn't want anything to do with me."

I just sort of shrugged and made a comforting noise and drank more of my wine.

"What about you Allie, what sort of fantasies do you have?" Daniel asked with lust and the effects of his scotch taking over.

"Umm...I'm not sure," I said as his hand made it's way higher on my thigh, making me tingle all over and feel a little weird.

"It's okay Allie," he said as his green eyes gazed into mine.

"Annie and I are through, but you Allie, you turn me on so much. Ever since I met you. You give me the hardest cock ever. I used to think about you when I fucked Annie. I pictured your face when she sucked my cock and when I came all over her tits, I imagined that they were yours."

My flesh was now on fire as his hand massaged my thigh close to my wet pussy. My breath was coming in short pants and I felt my nipples tighten as my body betrayed me.

"Let's go upstairs to my room," Daniel suggested.

I could only nod my head as I lost all my senses except for the lust.

We made our way to the elevator and my brain was all jumbled up. I kept thinking that I was betraying my sister somehow. But she left him. She had walked out on him. She couldn't satisfy his needs and in some weird way, I could. He wanted ME. The average girl. Average looking, average student, average job, average sex life. But he wanted to fulfill his sexual needs with ME and it felt wonderful. I pushed aside the fact that he had been married to Annie and I let the wine and the primal sexual needs forward.

We made our way to his room and as we stood outside the bedroom door, he looked at me in earnest and said,"are you sure Allie, you don't have to do this."

I looked at him for a moment and the reached up and kissed him.

He grabbed me around the waist and deepened the kiss. He fumbled for the room key and finally opened the door. We danced our way into the room, arms wrapped around each other feeling our bodies against each other. Lips and tongues completely intertwined. I felt completely surreal as he reached up to undo my dress. I also felt a little self conscious as he undid the zipper and let it fall to the floor in a pool around my ankles.

"Beautiful," he breathed as he took in my body in just my bra and thong. His hands reached for my breasts and I inhaled deeply as his hands gently massaged my nipples into rock hard peaks. I moaned as white hot lightening struck from my nipples straight to my wet pussy. Daniel reached around my back and unhooked my bra, he dropped it to the side of me and gazed at my face for a moment and then he pulled me close to suckle my right nipple. I gasped in pleasure as his mouth descended on my nipple and I felt his tongue rasp of my hard tit. I grabbed at his shoulders as pleasure fire coursed through me. His hands roamed over my ass and the pulled my thong off and thew it by my bra. He ran his hands down my ass crack and gently over my pussy. I trembled beneath his touch and moaned. He tossed me gently onto the bed face down and he brought me up onto all fours. He spread my legs so that I was wide open and vulnerable to him. He could do whatever he wanted to me and I was hoping he would take full advantage of that. He got behind me and began to eat me out from behind. He reached for my tits and fondled them while he ate my soaking wet pussy as if he were a ravenous man. 

"Oh Allie, your cunt tastes so good. Your juices are like sweet nectar, I can't fucking get enough of it," he exclaimed.

His tongue rasped over my hardened and swollen clit and I squirmed with intense pleasure. I felt him dart his tongue in and out of my pussy hole. I could feel my climax approaching as he tongued my pussy faster. He reach with one hand to finger me as he flicked my clit faster than lightening. I screamed as I came. My hips bucked as my orgasm streaked through my body. I quivered as the orgasm swept through my body with intense waves of pleasure. I rode my orgasm until it subsided and then I got up from my hands and knees and sucked on Daniel's fingers, licking every drop of my cum from them.

He then began to undress himself, undoing his dress shirt and tossing it aside. I reached for his belt and undid his pants and tossed them by his shirt.

I sat on the edge of the bed and pulled him towards me so that I could suck his cock. I pulled his rock hard cock with my hand and guided him into my mouth. I hadn't really sucked cock a lot, so I was inexperience, but he didn't care. His head slowly entered my moth and I reveled in the taste of him. He pre-cum, slowly dripping from the tiny hole tasted salty, but not bad. My tongue twirled around his head and a moan of pleasure escaped from his lips. I reached one of my hands to cup his balls as I began to work his cock into my mouth fully and to deep throat him. When he was fully in my mouth, he began to slowly fuck my face. His eyes were closed as he grabbed my head and guided me up and down his long, thick cock. I moaned around him and I could feel him getting ready to cum. He pulled his cock from my mouth and he moved to sit on the bed. He pulled me onto his lap and began to lube his cock with my juices. I moaned and wiggled my body on his cock. I felt his cock head run over my clit and I begged him to enter me. And with great pleasure I felt him drive his big throbbing dick into me. I gasped from the sheer length of him, having never had this big of a cock in me before. He asked me if I was alright and I said yes and then he began to guide my hips up and down his dock. My tits bounced up and down as I fucked him. He reached up to fondle them and to suck on my hard nipples. I moaned in pleasure as my orgasm began to build. I rode his cock faster as I began to cum. My body shuttered and a strangled scream ripped through my lungs as I came.

He grabbed my hips and drove his cock deeper into me as my cum ran down his cock and all over his legs. He then slid his wet cock from my throbbing pussy and pulled me onto my knees. He then guided himself back into my mouth and fucked my face again. I could feel his balls tightening as I massaged them in my hand. His hands fisted in my hair as he began cumming. He drove himself deeper into my throat. He pulled his cock slightly from my mouth and grabbed himself and jerked himself off. His cum spurted from his cock in thick, hot jets. It hit me in the mouth and all over my face. I licked up up and swallowed it like it was crack. I rubbed it from his pulsating cock into my tits like a moisturizing cream.

Daniel and I collapsed onto the bed, sated for the moment.

"That was amazing Allie. You were more than I ever fantasized," he said as his hands ran over my body.

As I drifted off to sleep, I realized that the raw, sexual passion between Daniel wasn't just him. It was also me. Tonight was the first night of many more to come of what was me. I was emerging. Everything that I had been through, every feeling of mediocrity was just a way for me to let myself go. The pure animalistic feeling of tonight was just the beginning.