 "You're out of your mind, Danni, you know that?" Bethany asked her best friend as the two of them stood off to one side of the large room, looking at one of the new freshmen who was sitting by himself in a chair in a corner of the room, watching the activities all around him but not participating. Their sorority had joined forces with their "brother" fraternity to throw a "Welcome to College" party for all of the new freshmen, and the party was in full swing. The music was booming, the dance floor was crowded with college students from all classes, the beer was flowing, and the students were all having a good time. 

All except for one, that is, the one who was currently the topic of discussion between Danni and Bethany. According to the self-adhesive name tag on his shirt - the ones that the reception girls had given him when he arrived - his name was Steve. He was tall and lanky, with a shock of dark brown hair that looked nearly black, and both of the girls imagined that if he'd get rid of the black plastic horn-rimmed glasses he wore and the baggy, unflattering clothing that did nothing for him except make him look like a first-class nerd, he'd be a decent-looking guy. But right now he looked like the quintessential nerd, the geeky new freshman who knew everything there is about high school and absolutely nothing about college, and he looked like this party was the last place on earth he wanted to be.

Danni had it set in her mind to change all of that, and the manner in which she was going to do it was why Bethany had just told her she was out of her mind.

"Why? Because I want to do something special to make a lonely freshman feel welcome in his new school?" Danni replied, looking over at Steve as he continued to sit in his chair. 

"No, because of how you want to do it," she replied. "I mean, it's one thing to go over and talk to the guy, dance with him a few times and maybe flirt with him some, but a 'mercy fuck?' Don't you think that's carrying things a bit too far?" Bethany asked.

"Not at all," Danni replied, looking her best friend in the eye. "I think he's kinda cute, kinda like a little lost puppy, and you know I have a soft spot in my heart for little lost puppies!" she said, smiling at her best friend and then looking over at Steve again. Bethany shook her head slowly as she replied, smiling at her best friend.

"You're a total slut, Danni," she said, looking over at Steve as she continued. "A well-meaning, soft-hearted slut, but still a total slut!" Danni turned her head and smiled back at her friend, a tinge of wickedness in her seemingly-innocent smile.

"Guilty as charged," she said. "I'll let you know how it goes later!"

"You'd better," Bethany said to Danni's back as Danni turned and walked away from her, making a beeline for Steve. 

Steve may have been sitting quietly in one corner of the room keeping to himself, but that didn't mean that he wasn't fully aware of what was going on around him or the fact that two of the hottest, sexiest girls in the whole house had been eyeing him from across the room for the past few minutes. And when the prettiest of the two, a petite and shapely blonde wearing pair of very snug-fitting white nylon shorts and a two-sizes too small green t-shirt with her sorority's Greek letters in yellow blazoned across the chest started moving across the room towards him, Steve's heart began to beat faster. She was absolutely gorgeous, the sexiest girl he'd ever seen, and as she walked towards him he couldn't help but notice the mounds of her breasts accentuated by the tight-fitting t-shirt. She wasn't big-busted by any means, but she wasn't small, either - Steve thought that she must be about a B cup, maybe a C, and that was perfect for him. He only wished she'd turn and walk back to where she came from, but only because he really wanted to see what her ass looked like in those shorts as she walked. But she continued walking towards him, and his heart nearly stopped when she stopped in front of him and looked down at him, smiling. He looked up into the brightest blue eyes he'd ever seen, and he felt his stomach flip over as she stuck her hand out to him.

"Hi, Steve, I'm Danni," she said as he took her hand, shaking it gently. "Welcome to the school!" Steve stammered slightly as he replied.

""Thank - uh, thank you, Danni," he said, looking up at her wide-eyed and not believing that this hot, sexy woman was actually speaking to him!

"Mind if I sit down?" she said, sitting down in the chair next to him before he could reply. "So, what do you think? Some party, huh?" she said, looking around the room and then back at him. She could see the nervousness in his eyes and it made her feel even better for what she was about to do, and that made her smile even bigger and brighter.

"Yeah, it's really something," he said, looking around the room and then back at her. "Kinda loud, though, but it's okay."

"Are you going to pledge the fraternity?" she asked.

"Well, I hadn't really thought about it," he replied, pushing his glasses back up onto his nose. "I mean, no one's asked me to yet, really," he continued.

"I can take care of that for you if you want," she replied. "I can have the membership committee from my sorority contact this one, and someone will contact you in a day or so."

"You'd do that for me?" he asked, surprised.

"Why, sure! Why not?" she replied, grinning at him. "Do you want me to sponsor your girlfriend into my sorority?" she asked, having an ulterior motive for her question. She got the answer she was hoping for; she may have been a slut, but she wasn't a homewrecker and didn't intend to be.

"I don't have a girlfriend," Steve replied, looking down at the floor as he replied. 

"Not yet, you mean," Danni asked, and his head came back up. She continued as he looked at her with those puppy-dog eyes that had first drawn her to him. "I'm sure it won't be long before you have a girlfriend, especially if you're pledging this fraternity," she said.

"You think so?" he asked, and Danni smiled at him as she replied.

"Absolutely! But since you're here now and you don't have a girlfriend," she said, leaning over towards him and putting her hand on his knee, "there's something I'd like to do to officially welcome you to the school and to college life," she said, looking directly into his eyes as she spoke. 

"There is?" he asked, his heart pounding. 

"Yes, there is," she said, her hand still on his knee. "If it's okay with you, that is," she continued, giving him a sly grin.

"S-sure," Steve stammered, more nervous now than he'd been in his entire life. "What is it?" he asked.

"Not here," Danni said, then grabbed his hand and stood, pulling him from his chair. "Come with me!" she said, turning and making her way across the room to the stairs leading to the second floor of the house, pulling Steve by the hand behind her and giving him his chance to see her ass wiggling in her tight shorts. 

'No panty lines, she must be wearing a thong,' he thought as he trotted along behind her. Her ass was firm and round, the white shorts fitting like a second skin, and the sight of her muscles flexing as she walked began to give Steve an erection. He only hoped that his slacks - he always wore slacks as his mother would never let him wear jeans - were loose enough to hide it should it continue to grow. And with Danni's tight, rounded ass wiggling in front of him as they rounded a corner and bounded up the stairs to the second floor, he was quite sure that it would.

"This way!" she said over her shoulder as they reached the top of the stairs and turned left, proceeding down the hallway. From the numerous doors in the long hallway Steve correctly assumed that this was where the fraternity member's rooms were, and he was a bit surprised that Danni knew her way around so well. But then, there was a lot about Danni that he didn't know; in fact, he literally knew nothing about her, and it was that very fact that was responsible for Steve being more excited both physically and emotionally than he'd ever been in his entire young life. He followed her down the hallway, she still holding on to his hand, until they reached the last door on the left. Without a moment's hesitation she opened the door and flipped on the light, pulling Steve into the room behind her. As she turned to close the door he noticed that she picked up an already-tied necktie from the inside door knob and hung it on the outside knob, then closed the door.

"What's that for?" he asked, genuinely curious. She turned and looked at him, a humorous smile on her face.

"You mean you don't know? Really?" she asked, turning to look at him with her hands on her hips, smiling at him.

"No, I don't," he replied. "Really."

"Wow, you really are a babe in the woods!" she said, not sarcastically but in genuine awe. She walked over to him and put her hands on his chest, pushing him backwards towards the bed as she continued. "I'll explain it to you later, but right now we need to get down to business!" she said, smiling up at him as she gently pushed on his chest. 

Steve fell back onto the bed when the back of his legs hit the mattress and Danni immediately followed him, lying on him full-length. She wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him hard and deep, her soft lips pressing against his and her nimble tongue parting his lips to seek out his own. She took Steve completely by surprise, and it took a moment for him to react. He finally put his arms around her and pulled her close as she kissed him, and he felt her press her body against his in response. The kiss was so intense - more intense than any kiss Steve had ever experienced before, which really wasn't saying much since he hadn't been kissed all that often - that it literally took his breath away. He tried to kiss her back as best as he could, hoping that she wouldn't notice his inexperience. 

Danni did notice, right away, but that didn't stop her; actually, it only made her kiss him harder, slipping her tongue deeper into his mouth as he struggled to keep up.

When Danni finally broke off the kiss Steve was gasping for air, and his cock was quickly rising - which Danni had felt, and was the reason she broke off the kiss. She looked down at Steve and smiled, feeling the hard lump growing between them getting bigger by the moment.

"I see you like me, huh, Steve?" she asked, looking him in the eyes as she spoke. She giggled when she saw him blush, and kissed him again before he could stammer out a reply. She slid her lower body from his and ran her hand down his chest and stomach as she sucked his tongue into her mouth, sliding her hand down until it reached the hard lump of his cock. She closed her fingers over the lump and squeezed, making Steve flinch and gasp in her mouth. The gasp was quickly followed by a moan as Danni squeezed again, harder - and that's when she realized that there was something different about Steve, something special. 

Very special.

Danni's eyes popped open as she ran the flat of her hand along the hard length of his cock, squeezing the shaft all along its length as she went. She broke off the kiss and turned to look down, pleasantly surprised at the size of the lump that she saw beneath her hand.

"I'm sorry, Danni, I can't help it," Steve began, and Danni quickly hushed his apology before he went any further.

"No, don't apologize, it's okay," she said, looking up at him and keeping her hand on his cock, gripping it firmly beneath his trousers. "Really, it is! Besides, this is exactly what I wanted!"

"It is?" he said, surprised. Danni nodded as she replied.

"Yes, it is," she said softly, kissing him lightly on the lips to make him relax. "But I'm not done yet!" she whispered in his ear, squeezing his cock for emphasis. She kissed him again, briefly but deeply, her tongue sliding into his mouth again, as she kneaded and squeezed the hard shaft of his cock in her hand through his pants. Much to her pleasant surprise she could feel that his cock was still growing, still getting longer, thicker, and harder. After a few more moments she lifted her lips from his and spoke again, slightly breathless herself.

"You feel big, Steve," she said softly, looking into his eyes as she gripped his cock. "I mean, really big!"

"Well, according to statistics, my penis is a bit above average when it comes to length and girth as compared to the average white male," he replied, the true geek in him coming out. 

"Just 'a bit above average,' Steve?" she asked playfully.

"Well, maybe more than just a bit," he replied, blushing again. "Is that okay? I mean, do you like big?" he asked, genuinely concerned. She giggled at his obvious inexperience, finding it both cute and more than a bit arousing as proven by the increasing wetness in her pussy.

"I love big, Steve," she whispered seductively, rubbing his cock with the flat of her hand. "But now I think it's time to see for myself just what you're working with here, don't you think?" she said, slipping down on the mattress and grabbing his belt buckle, quickly working with both hands to open it and then his slacks. She pulled his shirt tail out of his slacks and then opened them wide, not at all surprised to see "tighty whities" beneath. She was surprised, however, at the size of the cock straining against the material, literally begging for release. She looked at it for just a moment and then looked up at Steve, who was blushing again and was looking at her wide-eyed with amazement that this was actually happening to him. She giggled at him and then grasped the top of his underwear, lifting it up and pulling it down to reveal his cock to her for the first time.

"Oh, my God!" she exclaimed, seeing Steve's huge cock for the first time. She looked up at him for a moment in amazement, her eyes wide and her mouth hanging open, then looked back down at the long, thick tube of cock lying on Steve's stomach, throbbing slightly as the blood pumped through it. It was easily the biggest cock she'd ever seen, and she guessed that it must have been at least eight inches long, probably more. She slid her hand under it and lifted it up, making Steve gasp slightly, curling her fingers around it and noting with amazement that her fingers didn't meet - not even close! She held Steve's monster cock straight up, feeling its warmth and the pulsing of the blood rushing through it, the veins standing out and the bulbous head shiny and wet with his precum. She let her eyes travel up and down its length several times, amazed at the sheer size of his cock, finally gripping it harder and pumping it slowly with one hand. She looked back up at Steve in amazement as she slowly pumped his cock.

"Oh, my God!" she repeated, giving Steve an open-mouthed grin. "This isn't big, this is beyond big! This is huge!"

"Is that okay? I mean, it's not too big, is it?" Steve asked, a look of concern on his face. He was afraid that the size of his cock would scare her off, something that he had read about and was afraid would happen to him.

"No, it's not - well, I don't think so, anyway," Danni replied, looking at the mammoth cock in her hand again. "I mean, your last girlfriend managed it, so I'm sure I should be able to, right?" she asked, looking up at him. His reply surprised her to no end.

"I don't know, I've never had a girlfriend," he said, blushing again. Danni's eyes flew open in surprise as the meaning of what he just said dawned on her.

"You've never had a girlfriend? Never?" she asked, and Steve slowly shook his head.

"Never."

"Then that means you've never - I mean, you're still a..." she said, and Steve slowly nodded at her. Her eyes grew wider at his confirmation of what she suspected.

"Virgin," Steve finished the sentence for her, blushing again. "I'm sorry, Danni, really I am!"

"Hey, no, Steve, don't worry about it," Danni said, looking at him and giving him a warm, sincere smile as she kept her grip on his cock. "Really, being a virgin is nothing to be ashamed about or be sorry for! It's just kind of unusual in this day and age, you know?"

"Yes, I know," Steve replied. "I think I must be the only guy in the freshman class who hasn't had sex yet," he said in a somber voice.

"Well, I think it's time we changed all that, don't you?" Danni said in a soft, sultry voice, a gleam in her eye as she gripped Steve's huge cock harder and pumped it slowly.

"You mean it? Really?" Steve asked, his eyes growing wide and his heart pounding in his chest.

"With a cock like this in front of me?" she said, looking at his cock and then back at his face. "Oh, yeah, you better believe I mean it!" she said, chuckling as she spoke. She looked back at the huge, throbbing shaft in her hand for a moment, then looked back at Steve before speaking again.

"So just how big is this monster cock of yours anyway?" she asked, slowly pumping his shaft in her hand.

"Well, like I said, I'm a bit above average," he said, dodging the question more out of embarassment than anything else.

"What's 'average?' " Danni asked.

"For a white male of my age group, the average size is 6.16 inches in length and 4.34 inchs in girth," he replied, the inner geek in him coming out again.

"So how big are you?" she asked, eagerly awaiting the answer, She could feel her nipples begin to harden in anticipation of his reply, and the answer he gave was a pleasant shock that she felt all the way down to her pussy. which immediately began to flood.

"9.44 inches in length and 5.9 inches in girth," he said. He saw her mouth fall open in surprise.

"Nine and a half inches?" she exclaimed, her eyes wide as she looked back to his cock in her hands. "Holy shit, I've hit the mother lode!"

"I'm glad you're pleased, Danni," Steve said, relief flooding through him as she stared at his cock while continuing to pump it in her hand.

" 'Pleased' is an understatement, Steve!" she said, looking at his monster cock in her hands as she spoke. Then she turned her head to face him as she continued, and the look of lust and wanton desire in her suddenly-hooded eyes was apparent even to Steve.

"Let me show you just how pleased I am!" she said, locking eyes with him briefly before turning back to his cock.

She wrapped both hands around his mammoth cock and squeezed it hard, slowly pumping it up and down as she gazed at it. She was immediately rewarded with a big drop of clear precum at the tip, and Steven watched in fascination as she immediately lowered her head down to the tip of his cock and licked the drop off, swallowing it without hesitation. Then he gasped as she licked the head of his cock firmly with the flat of her tongue, slowly running it over, up and around the bulbous head of his huge cock. She did this several times before she turned to him and spoke briefly.

"You taste good, Steve," she said before turning back to his cock. She licked the head again, pumping more precum out of his shaft as she slowly ran her soft, warm tongue over the sensitive skin of his virgin cock, and was rewarded with another big drop of precum. She licked that off too, then placed her lips on the tip of his cock and slipped her mouth down and over the head of his cock. She opened her jaws wide as the thick pole slid between her lips, and for a moment she was afraid that she wouldn't be able to fit the huge cockhead into her mouth. But she did, and she heard Steve gasp loudly as she swallowed his cock, sliding her lips down over the flared ridge at the back of the head before sliding further down his throbbing, rock-hard shaft, her lips pressed to his skin.

The sensations of her hot, wet, sucking mouth wrapped around the head of his cock and then sliding slowly down his shaft was like nothing Steve had ever felt before, and he gasped as he watched Danni slowly work her way down his turgid cock. She slathered her tongue over and around the head and shaft as she worked her way down, and Steve's eyes grew wide as she got closer and closer to the base of his cock. She had a good six inches in her hot, wet mouth by now, and she was showing no signs of stopping until she had it all!
