 A dozen people sat around a table together in a crowded bar. The games for the night were done and they were tallying up wins and losses. 

"So that's 10 points for Greg, eight for Chelsea and," there was a pause, "a whopping two for Ben."

The whole table erupted in laughing and cheering. A tall man in a black hoodie half stood up at one end of the table and gave a little bow while laughing. He had short dark hair and a close-cropped beard. 

The woman to his left leaned in as he sat down. "I beat you AGAIN Ben. This is what, the third time in a row?"

"Yeah, that's just because I let you win," he said back with a wink. 

"Sure, sure. Keep telling yourself that." She winked back then leaned back into her seat, pulling her long blonde hair up over shoulder so she didn't sit on it.

The woman, Lily, turned back to the group and conversation, but Ben kept looking at her out of the corner of his eye - the lines of her cheekbones, the way the light glinted off her full lips, and the promise of her deep neckline as it disappeared into her sweater. 

He'd made a point of choosing this seat right next to her, in fact, had made a point of getting as close to her as possible - taking care not to be creepy though - since the start of the season.

Soon people were saying their goodbyes, and it was only Ben, Greg, and Lily left. 

"Well, it's probably time to call it a night," said Greg as he put some cash down on the table. 

All three stood up pushed in their chairs. 

"Actually, I heard there's a Geminid meteor shower tonight. It's supposed to peak in about twenty minutes," said Lily. 

"I was going to head out of the city a little ways to check it out. You guys want to come?" She looked first at Ben, then at Greg. 

Ben said "sure" immediately, then from behind Lily's back he shook his head at Greg. Greg looked from Lily to Ben, then back at Lily and said "naw I've got to get back to the wife. You guys go ahead though."

Lily and Ben said a last goodbye to Greg, then turned to each other. 

"So where should we go?" she asked him.

"I know a great spot." He said. "There's an old baseball park about fifteen minutes from here that would be perfect."

"Cool, then you can drive."

She followed him out of the bar and to the parking lot. He led her to a white SUV and they both got in. 

He tried to make small talk on the way there but was too nervous. His hands were jittering on the steering and wheel and his mind was racing. He was concentrating so hard on figuring out how he was going to finally kiss her that he almost missed the turn from the highway. 

Ben had to thump on the brakes to make the left - the SUV swerved a little bit and Lily had to brace herself against the door. 

Ben grinned sheepishly, "sorry."

"How many drinks did you have back there?" she joked. 

He made a show of rolling his eyes, "Enough for you to beat me I guess."

Ben pulled the truck into the field furthest from the highway and parked.

She got out right away and went around to the front of the truck. Ben paused for a minute to try to catch his breath, then he followed her.

She was leaning up against the grill, looking up. "Wow," she said when he joined her.

She watched the lights flitting across the sky but Ben watched her, trying to think of something to say. He'd just opened his mouth when she shifted a bit and said: "I didn't realize how cold it was out here."

Ben said, "I have a blanket in the car, just a second."

He went to the trunk and grabbed a blanket then brought it back to the front. Ben held it up.

"Well that's not very big," she said.

He looked down at it. "Uh yeah. Well, here, you can have it."

Ben held out the blanket, but she didn't take it. "No, it's cold out here. We'll share it," she said.

He put the blanket around his shoulders then held the other half out to her. She moved in close to his side and grabbed the other half of the blanket. 

His breathing hitched as he felt the warmth of her body against his. 

After a couple seconds, she said, "No that's not working."

The blanket was only covering half of each of them and both agreed they were still cold. 

"Here," Lily handed him her half of the blanket then stood in front and leaned back into him, pulling his arms around her and then grabbing the edges of the blanket from him, wrapping it around them both.

"Is that okay?" she asked.

Her head was leaning against his shoulder and he could smell her hair. Her taut, high ass was pressed into his crotch, and with her arms holding the blanket wrapped so tightly around them, his hands ended up on her hips. 

He swallowed, "Yeah. That's fine."

She leaned further back into him, he thought to see more of the sky, but the hem of her hoodie lifted up and his hands were suddenly on her bare skin. 

He started moving his thumbs slowly around on her skin, in the hollow just inside her hip bones - feeling the soft, smooth skin. He waited for her to stop him, but she didn't. Instead, she closed her eyes and gave out the smallest sigh. 

Encouraged, Ben started moving his thumbs in wider circles. She let out a little moan and her hips started moving along with his hands. 

Ben could feel his cock stiffening in his pants as her ass rubbed against him. 

She moaned again and Ben started sliding one hand up under her shirt, and another under the waistband of her pants. He leaned his head down to her ear and whispered: "is this okay?"

His left hand moved under her bra and cupped her breast, his other hand slip between her legs. She leaned into his hands and breathed out a long "yes".

She could feel his hard cock behind her and kept grinding back into him as his fingers rubbed her clit. He could feel her wetness soaking through her panties. 

Their breathing was getting louder together until she opened her eyes and dropped the blanket. He took his hands away and she turned around. She grabbed his head and pulled him into a long, deep kiss. Then she pulled back again and said: "I need more". 

Ben wrapped his arms around her and lifted her up onto his hips. He carried her to the side of the truck and pushed her up against the door. He buried his face in her neck, kissing her and making his way down to her chest. She leaned her head back, giving him more room, and locking her hands in his hair. 

She moaned again then suddenly pushed him away. Ben dropped her and stepped back, confused at the sudden change. 

Lily kept looking at him, but reached back and opened the back door of the truck. "Get in."

Ben hopped in the back and Lily was right behind him. She shut the door, then immediately climbed onto Ben in the middle seat, straddling him. 

He immediately pulled her in and kissed her, hard, like he'd never kiss anyone again. His hands immediately went to her ass and pulled her in tighter. Then he pushed his hands up under her sweater, her skin burning against his cold fingers. 

She came up for air but he just went down to her neck and tasted her skin there again, moving lower and lower. 

Lily let out a low moan, and when he got to the collar of her sweater she unzipped it then pulled it off. He dove into her cleavage, kissing and nibbling at the soft, plush skin. 

She reached down and unzipped his jacket and he leaned back again to let her open it. 

They both stopped for a second, watching each other as they caught their breath. She ran her hands down his chest, admiring the firm muscles beneath. She went all the way down to the crotch of his jeans and gave him a quick squeeze - if possible, she thought he might be even harder now. 

Lily leaned in to kiss him again but kept her body away so she could undo his belt, then the button and zipper on his pants. Ben pushed his hips out so she could wrestle his cock out of his jeans more easily. 

She got it out and when she wrapped her hand around it for the first time Ben let out a small moan that made Lily smile. 

She paused for a moment, trying to figure out how to do this in the confines of the back seat. Then, her hand still on his penis, she got off of his lap and moved around until she was on all fours on the seat beside him. 

The cold air gave Ben a shock for just a moment until her hot, wet tongue licked the head. 

She licked just the tip again, then swirled it all the way around his head then suddenly took the whole length of it into her mouth right down to his jeans. Ben gasped then moaned. 

He gathered up her hair in his hand then watched as her head bobbed up and down, feeling his cock hit the back of her throat every time she went down. 

Soon he could feel his cum building, and he didn't want to blow yet, so he took her head in his other hand and pulled her up for a kiss. 

Then he put his other hand between her legs - the heat was incredible, and Ben thought he could almost feel her wetness through her jeans. As he rubbed her slowly, her hands squeezed his shoulders and her hips started moving with his fingers again. 

That's when he moved to the button on her pants and, lightning quick, he had it and the zipper undone. She leaned back to let him pull them off, stepping down off the seat to allow one leg to come free. 

Lily's panties came off with the pants and Ben ran his hand over her smooth, soft skin again. His hand grabbed her right leg and guided it up until her foot was on the seat, the other on the floor of the truck. 

Ben leaned forward and kissed her mound, his tongue flicking out between her pussy lips. She was so wet her juices were soon running down his chin. 

She let out a moan every time his tongue moved and he dove in further, supporting her hips with one hand while she leaned back to give him a better reach. 

He used the other hand to open her up and went at her clitoris, sucking and licking and flicking it with his tongue until the knee holding her up buckled and she fell onto the seat. 

She immediately pushed him to sit back in the seat and straddled his hips. Lily positioned herself on top of his cock. Ben moved one hand around and rubbed the tip up and down her slit, covering it with her juices and making her moan again. 

Then Lily slowing sunk down onto the tip until he was completely inside of her - she leaned her head down onto his shoulder and groaned. 

She started moving again, slowly up and down at first, feeling every bump and vein, letting his head pop out just to feel it sink into her again. Ben's hands were on her ass as she did this, massaging and encouraging every thrust. 

Soon she began to move faster, swishing her hips up and back, then down and forward. Lily leaned away but held onto the back of the seat so she could move faster and harder on top of him.

When she did this Ben immediately reached and pulled one of her sizable tits up out of her bra and shirt, holding it in his hand and licking and sucking on her nipple just like he had her clit - Lily starting slamming down onto his cock harder immediately. 

She was now whimpering every time she came down and Ben started moving his hips against her as he felt her pussy tightening around his cock. 

"Oh fuck," she breathed out suddenly. "Oh fuck, Ben, you're going to make me cum."

Ben answered by squeezing her ass harder and nibbling a little on her nipple. 

After just a couple more thrusts her pussy clamped down his cock and her whole body crumpled up as the pleasure seized her muscles. Her thighs squeezed together tight enough to leave a mark on Ben the next day. 

Ben waited until she relaxed then pulled her face to his and kissed her again, hard. He lifted her up off his dick and was surprised she didn't drip all over his lap.

With some maneuvering he managed to get her turned around in front of him, her front half leaned over the console into the front seat, and her gorgeous ass standing spread before him. 

Ben stared at her dripping pussy as he wrenched his pants and boxers the rest of the way off. He leaned forward and gave her pussy a nice broad lick, making her squeal in surprise and pleasure. 

He tried to kneel on the seat and sit up, but he was too tall, so Ben leaned forward overtop of Lily. He reached underneath her and moved his cock into the right spot, pushing forward, separating her pussy lips and pressing into her soft, wet cunt. 

Ben pushed all the way into her, massaging her breast with one hand and holding himself up with the other. 

He started slowly at first, savouring the moans he heard from Lily. He could see her face reflected in the windshield - her eyes rolled in the back with pleasure. 

He started moving faster and harder, the sound of their skin slapping together getting louder. Their grunting got faster and Ben could feel his orgasm building. He started pumping into her harder and harder and Lily had to brace herself against the dash to stop from tumbling forward. 

"Fuck, I'm going to cum," Ben grunted, then bit into her back as he shot his load into her. Ben stopped but Lily kept pushing back and forth on his cock, pulling every last drop out of him. She kept going until he stopped twitching. 

Ben kissed her skin where he'd bitten - she'd have a mark the next morning too - and moved back, pulling out slowly. He sat back and grabbed a box of Kleenex from under the front seats. 

They cleaned up and put their clothes back on without talking.

They got out, got back in the front seat, then Ben turned the SUV around and drove back to the bar. He turned the radio on when they got to the highway just to fill the silence. Static blared out of the speakers because Lily had hit the buttons. 

Ben turned it down and they continued on their way. By the time he pulled the SUV in beside her car in the bar parking lot, he was wondering if he'd made a mistake. 

She pulled the handle and opened the door, but before Lily got out she looked back and said "same thing next week?" with a shy grin.

That shocked Ben for a few seconds, but he managed to get out a "sure" before she left.