 Ever woken in the middle of the night not quite sure what was going on? Well, this was that, except whatever was going on, I didn't want it to stop. Angie had delivered on her promise and was now awakening me by giving me a blowjob. I groaned and shifted, unwilling to move a second from the pleasure she was giving me. I closed my eyes and concentrated on what she was doing.

She had taken most of my cock into her mouth and was lightly sucking on it. Her lips slid down and then up my penis, caressing it. Her tongue swirled around the head and then played with the hole at the very end, trying to find a way in. Then she exhaled and slowly sank back down, taking me into her mouth.

I groaned and thrust upwards with my hips, "Baby, god that feels so good!"

She didn't say anything. As she sucked on my cock, her hand caressed my balls, lightly squeezing them and scratching them with her fingernails. I lifted my knees, putting my feet flat against the sheets. Her fingers caressed lower, stroking my perineum and then even lower, lightly touching my anus.

I heard the rough sound of my breathing. She excited me like no woman in the world had ever done, in or out of my imagination. I loved her completely and the life that I had had gotten much more complicated, much more wonderful, and much more complete than I ever thought possible.

We had met, of course in this on-line age, by me sending her a message. I was bored at work with little to do and I say her icon appear on the screen. I looked at her interests and noted that we shared a few: astronomy and Celtic stuff. So I sent an 'Hello' message to her. She replied and we started talking. I am not quite sure when she became more than just an acquaintance. Somehow she became a friend, and then a lover, all before we even met. I know that the traditionalists out there would scoff at us, but you know, I didn't care. I followed my heart. And I wasn't sorry. Her heart had spoken to me across the miles and mine had answered back.

My mind was jolted back when her tongue swirled across the head of my cock and she let go of it with a soft smacking sound. "Want me to stop, sugar?" she asked in her soft southern accent.

"Oh gods no!" I said with a small laugh. "Whatever gave you that idea?"

She licked my cock, following its length and it jumped at the attention, wanting more.

"Oh nothing, you just got quiet," she said softly, then slid down and kissed my balls.

I groaned obligingly and then moved my hand to caress her head. I laced my fingers through her hair and rubbed her scalp. She kissed my balls then lightly sucked one in to her mouth. I moaned softly, that really turned me on. Her other hand moved up and lightly ran down the length on my hard cock. It twitched and her fingers wrapped around it and started to stroke it softly.

"You like this?" she said and then sucked my other ball into her mouth.

I moaned in response, unable to form the words.

"Hmmmmm?" she questioned, a wicked smile on her face. She was beautiful in the dim light. My bedroom was only lit by the soft glow of the streetlights outside. She turned her attention to my penis again and I looked at her as she began to plant butterfly kisses down its length. The curve of her back trailed away and I could see the smooth globes of her ass. She was so gorgeous, so sexy. I was continually amazed that such a beautiful woman would find someone like me attractive. Don't get me wrong, I didn't consider myself ugly, but women of the caliber that Angie was… well, they were out of my league.

Angie took the head of my cock in her mouth and lightly nibbled it, then caressed it with a low, hard lick of her tongue. I groaned once more and she giggled.

"What's so funny?" I said. My voice was about an octave lower than usual. Her ministrations were really getting to me.

"I love the sounds you make baby," she said. She kissed my cock once more and then slowly crawled up my body to lie on my chest. As she settled in, she kissed me lightly and I pulled her close, kissing her more passionately. She moaned into my mouth as our tongues dueled. Her thighs settled around mind and she pressed close. I felt the warmth and wetness of her pussy pressing against my flesh.

I wrapped my arms around her and held her, my finger tracing the bumps of her spine. Her fingers caressed my collarbone and we broke the kiss and she nuzzled into my neck. "I love you," she said softly.

"I love you too, Angie," I said squeezing lightly.

We lay there for a moment, enjoying the closeness of our two bodies. It was hard to believe that a few days ago we had never met and now we fit together. I never wanted to let her go. But she was leaving, in just a few days. My mind shied away from those thought as she kissed my neck, then licked her way up to my ear.

She had already discovered that my ears were my weak points. As her lips took my lobe in between then I sighed. I moved over on my side so we were lying side by side. I slipped my leg between hers and lifted, separating her thighs.

"Mmmm," she said petulantly. "I was enjoying that."

"So was I baby," I said. My hand slid down across her hip and then to her inner thigh. I trailed my fingers along the softness of her skin. "And I plan on enjoying this." My hand slipped nearer to her pussy. I could feel the heat coming off of her. I extended my index finger and touched her lips. She gasped softly as my finger slid down it. She was wet and slick with her cream.

I kissed her as I stroked her pussy lips. She kissed me back, invading my mouth with her tongue. Her hands tangled themselves in my hair and pulled my face towards her. My finger slipped into her hot and moist slit and then slid upwards toward her clitoris. She moaned, breaking our kiss, "God, baby. You drive me crazy!"

I chuckled, "Good. Then I am going my job." I ducked down below her chin and kissed her neck. Then I slid lower as my finger inched its way inside her, sliding between her lower lips.