 She'd looked familiar to me when I'd first seen her sitting in the airport, but I didn't approach her because I thought maybe it was just wishful thinking on my part. It looked as though her ethnic background was probably an island in the Pacific; she had shoulder-length black hair, almond-shaped eyes, high cheekbones and a darker complexion. She also had a kick-ass body; her ass was tight and her tits were firm and perky. I made a mental note to try to get one last look at her after we landed in Denver, just for something to think about before I fell asleep that night. Imagine my surprise when I ended up seated beside her on the plane. I went on to be further surprised when, after flashing me a broad smile, she said that she thought she recognized me from somewhere, but she couldn't figure out where. We made small talk until we realized that we sometimes rode the same light-rail train.

Conversation came even easier after that as we talked about where we were coming from, where we lived and worked and where we hung out in Denver. When she first touched my arm as we chatted, I got the feeling we were definitely making a connection. We were about halfway through our flight when she asked me about the Mile High Club and whether I had joined it. I made a lame joke about living in Denver and that, technically, I'd probably joined it, but then admitted that I had never officially joined. She confessed that she hadn't, either.

"We should do it," she whispered, causing me to question my hearing.

"Are you kidding?" I smoothly responded.

"No, seriously," she continued, excitedly, "I'll go in first and you follow in a minute. Do you have a condom?" I nodded dumbly as she unfastened her seatbelt and got up. I gazed longingly at her ass before she turned and headed down the aisle. I dug through my carry-on until I found a condom, then got up myself and headed the way she'd gone. When I reached the bathroom, I looked back up the aisle and saw that no one was paying any attention to me, so I slipped into the bathroom where Erynn was waiting. After maneuvering around to get the door closed and locked, we embraced and began to make out.

I slipped my hands down to her taut ass and pulled her against the bulge in my jeans. Her ass was so firm and muscular; I could have bounced a quarter off of it in a less constrained environment. Her hands went from my shoulders, down between us and started opening my jeans. She stopped kissing me and we moved apart, as much as we could at least, and she looked down to see what she was doing.

"We should probably try to make this quick," she said, not looking up, "We can take it slow later tonight at my place." She looked up at me, smiling, as she said this, then gave me a quick kiss. She'd pushed my jeans and underwear down far enough that my cock sprung out at that moment. She let out a surprised "Oh!" then took it in her hand and gently stroked it.

"I can't wait to suck this," she commented, still gazing at it. Then, looking up again, she said, "Why don't you sit and slip on that condom?"

I sat on the cold lid of the toilet after working my jeans and underwear down to my ankles, then unwrapped the condom and rolled it onto my rigid shaft. I was watching Erynn work her black pants and panties over her hips and down to expose her trim, black-haired bush. She turned as pushed her pants and panties down, her bare ass exposed directly in front of me. I ran my hands over her smooth cheeks before taking her by the hips as she reached between her legs to find my latex-encased cock. I held her steady as she lowered herself over my cock, positioning it between her pussy lips then sliding down onto it. We both groaned as my girth completely filled her. She started riding up and down slowly, while I helped with my hands on her waist. Once she got a rhythm going, I slipped my hands up under her shirt and fondled her tits through her bra.

I toyed with her nipples through the thin fabric, then slipped my hands around her back to unfasten her bra. This done, I moved my hands back around to cup the smooth, soft flesh of her bare tits. Her hard nipples brushed my palms as I caressed her breasts while she continued to ride up and down on my shaft. She had one hand braced against the bathroom door, more for leverage than to keep anyone out, while the other hand was between her thighs, massaging her clit. She was riding me pretty hard, obviously pursuing an orgasm despite her suggestion to make it quick. Her pussy felt outstanding as it slid up and down my cock, drawing me closer and closer to an orgasm. The only things that had prevented me from cumming already were the cramped conditions and the shock I was still feeling about fucking a hot stranger in an airplane bathroom...and the condom, of course.

I could tell that she was trying very hard to refrain from making any loud noises, but an occasional moan would slip out. It sounded as though she was on the brink of cumming, which was good because I was, too. The feeling of pleasure building was intense, brought on mainly by the succulent pussy that was sliding up and down my engorged tool. We were moving pretty quickly with me trying to push more deeply into her and her having to be careful that she didn't make the door vibrate. Incredibly, her pussy was feeling even hotter and more slippery the longer I fucked her, so I knew I wasn't going to last much longer. Her breathing was coming in gasps until she finally let out a soft cry and I could feel her entire body trembling.

She kept riding me slowly as she came, which slowed down the approach of my orgasm without reducing any of the pleasurable feeling. By the time she went back to riding me faster and harder, it took only a few more strokes before I was spewing into the condom. She continued to ride me until I started to soften, then gingerly raised herself up. I lowered my head and playfully bit her on the ass as she leaned down to grab her panties. I couldn't do much as she dressed herself, so I just watched as the black bikini panties covered her ass, followed by her tight, black pants.

She turned and took the condom off me as I raised up high enough for her to drop it into the toilet. I cleaned myself up with some toilet paper, which also followed the condom. Erynn flushed the commode as I pulled my underwear and jeans up. We embraced and kissed again briefly before she slipped out the door. No one was waiting, so I stayed behind for just a couple of minutes, still incredulous about what had just occurred. After a few deep breaths, I exited the bathroom and returned to my seat.

Erynn smiled her beautiful smile at me as I took my seat, then took my hand in hers and squeezed it.

"I wonder if there's some kind of membership bonus for cumming during your initiation into The Mile High Club," she pondered in a soft whisper.