 She was sitting on the other side of the quiet hotel bar when I walked in. I ordered a scotch and sat idly watching the ice cubes while some talking heads ranted on the overhead screen. 

Brunette hair to her shoulders, pretty face, a business-like jacket with a white blouse underneath. Finished her meetings for the day and just relaxing before the flight home tomorrow, most likely. Like me. She caught my eye briefly and half-smiled, then looked down at her drink. 

What the hell, I thought. Fortune favors the brave. 

"Can I get you another one of those?"

She looked up. "Sure." I ordered and paid the barman.

"Thanks. I'm Jane." She took a sip and half-turned towards me. I took the stool next to her.

"I'm Karl. Pleased to meet you, Jane."

We chatted for a while. Yes, she was here on business. No, a flight in the afternoon. We were leaning in towards each other; our knees bumped and then rested against each other. I made to order another round. 

"Sorry, we're closing now," the barman said, sweeping glasses and tips off the bar. Jane pulled a face then looked at me and smiled. 

"We could always go back to my room for a nightcap." 

"We sure could," I said. "After you."

We started kissing in the elevator, first lightly brushing our lips, then she came back firmly and opened her mouth, then I had an arm round her waist and another behind her shoulder and we pressed together and kissed hard, hungrily, searching each others' mouths. Jane broke away abruptly as the doors opened and she stepped out. I straightened my jacket and followed, admiring the slight sway of her hips as she walked up the hall to her room. 

The door clicked open and I started to follow her in; turning, she tossed the ice bucket to me. 

"Can you get some ice? I think there's some champagne in here."

When I got back, Jane was sitting on the bed, legs crossed. Two glasses and a small bottle of sparkling wine were on the desk. She'd taken off her jacket and, I noticed, undone a couple of blouse buttons, offering an inviting glimpse of lace and cleavage. I picked up the bottle, tore off the foil and popped the cork with my thumb. As white foam surged over the lip I poured two glasses, handed one to her and sat down next to her.

She turned towards me and we started to kiss again. I put an arm around her, while my left hand started to stroke her knee. Jane put her hand on my chest, rubbing it, then pushing my jacket off my shoulders, left and right. I shrugged the coat off and put my hands back on her as she started to pull at the buttons of my shirt. 

Her blouse fell open and I ran my hand over her breast, then her stomach, sweeping round as our tongues thrust into each other. She got the top few buttons of my shirt open, leaned back and started tugging my shirt out of my pants. I cooperated by pulling it over my head. 

Jane stood up in front of me, blouse open. Smiling, she started to reach for the fastener for her skirt. 

"Wait..." I reached around her, pulled the zip down and pushed the skirt over her hips. Then I pulled her towards me, kissing her stomach and feeling her smooth, perfect ass with both hands, running my hands down over the backs of her thighs to the top of her stockings and back up again as I poked my tongue into her bellybutton and nibbled on her flesh. Her hands were in my hair and she let out something between a sigh and a moan. I moved my mouth up her stomach, kissing and nibbling, and reached behind her back to unhook her bra. As her boobs slipped out I covered them with kisses, teasing her nipples into hardness. 

"Just a minute..." she said. She stepped away and turned, a beautiful vision of her black-thonged ass and stocking tops, picked up the ice bucket and a couple of miniatures and set them on the floor. I started to stand but Jane put her hand on my shoulder and pushed me back. Then she knelt in front of me and started to unfasten my belt. She looked up at me, smiling, and I kissed her face. We kissed as I helped her work my pants off. She ran her hand over my bulging cock through my shorts. 

Jane straddled me, picked up her glass and took a big gulp of wine, looking me right in the eye. As she swallowed she let a little of the fizzy wine drip from her mouth onto my chest, then bent down to lick it off. She made hard little kisses across my chest, teasing my nipples with her teeth. She reached down for my cock again.

"Oh babe it feels so hard...I want it out..." She yanked my shorts off and my cock sprang free, hard, quivering, a a clear drop of precum falling from the tip. Jane ran her fingers up and down it as I moaned in pleasure. She ran her finger over the tip, swirling it around, picking up a gob of precum then bringing it to her mouth and sucking it off.

"Mmmm..." Jane sat up and stroked my massive, rigid cock. She scooped up something into her mouth, looked up at me and grinned, showing me an icecube in her teeth, then slipped her mouth over the head. 

I gasped as her ice-cold mouth went around my hot, throbbing cock. Her lips engulfed the head, sucking on it and teasing the tip with her tongue, then slid down the sides almost to the base. Slowly she sucked me, up and down, taking the full length of my shaft into her throat. 

She took my cock out her mouth, then worked her tongue down it, until she was on my balls, gently sucking each one in turn, before returning to the head, making a tight 'O' with her lips on the tip and pushing it down over the head.

Jane slipped my cock from her mouth and shifted to my right, sitting on the bed. I rolled towards her, nestling my head into her boobs and gently sucking on them. Jane pushed me back onto my back, picked up a miniature of Baileys, unscrewed the cap and took a swig, then started to pour it over my chest, splashing fat drops of liqueur on my chest and stomach. She bent down and licked it off, starting on my cock, licking up my stomach with long, strokes of her tongue, giggling and moving up my chest. Her boobs pressed against me as she moved up, enfolding my cock then sweeping up my stomach. By the time she reached my mouth our bodies were pressed together, slippery with sweat, champagne and Bailey's. I held her as she squirmed and slipped around me, one leg between mine, her thigh pressed against my crotch. 

I pushed off on one elbow and rolled us over, sliding on her delicious body. 

"Your turn," I said, and kissed her face. Then I sat back, picked a miniature of cognac, twisted it open and dribbled it over her. Jane flinched as the spirit splashed her tits, then sighed. I bent down again and started to lick, suck and nuzzle her, starting from her face and working down past her neck...shoulders...sweeping round her breasts and circling in on her nipples, which were standing out like sweet berries...across her stomach, creamy and soft...I sat up for a moment, to pull off her panties...then back to the curve of her stomach, and to the patch of trimmed hair below it...but not yet, first down her thighs, which she shifted apart, running her hands through my hair...to the tops of her stockings, then back up, slowly back up each side...planting kisses all around, circling in on her moist pussy...I ran my tongue along her lips as she parted her legs farther and let out a moan. I eased my tongue into her pussy, probing it, tasting her, gently flicking at her clit. 

"Aahhh!" Jane gasped and gripped my head with her hands as I increased the pace, licking and probing her. She writhed under me, pushing herself against my face. 

"Fuck me! Fuck me now!" I quickly lifted myself on my arms and in one move plunged my cock into her. Jane yelled in ecstasy. Arms straight, I could look down at her as I begain to move in and out, in and out of her beautiful pussy. She lifted her legs and I felt them lock behind mine. Her hands ran down my sides and grasped my ass, digging her nails in as we rocked back and forth. 

We were both breathing heavily now, fast and sweaty as I thrust into her, beginning a circling movement so I could grind against her as we pushed together. Dropping onto my elbows I held her close and kept thrusting...holding her tight, I rolled us over again so she was sliding on top of me. 

Pressure was building in my cock and Jane's breathing was becoming fast and ragged. Her eyes were closing and she arched backwards, then her pussy clenched tight around me. "Ahhh YES!" she gasped as I exploded inside her, just as her orgasm ripped through her, her pussy gripping my cock in a furious spasm and I sent another wave of cum into her, my cock pumping again and again as she shuddered through her own climax. 

Eventually -- it seemed -- Jane's body relaxed. She looked down at me and smiled, then we flopped exhausted, side by side. 

The bed was littered with miniature bottles, melting ice and spilled drinks. The room had a heady scent of sex and alcohol. We reached for each others' hands. A couple of minutes went by.

"Would you like something to drink?"

"...Just some water, I think."