 "I suppose you're wondering why I called the two of you in here today," Reverend Stephanie Lewis said as she closed the door to her office.

"Well, to be honest with you, Reverend," Lucy said, looking over her shoulder to keep eye contact with the other woman as she moved back towards her desk, "we were kind of curious. The wedding's only a couple of weeks away, and we're really busy getting everything prepared. But, we figured since you are the one that's going to be marrying us, we could definitely make time for you!"

"Also, Reverend," Eric, the groom-to-be, added, "I just wanted to say that we both really enjoyed the marriage classes you lead a few months ago. We both feel that those classes have really helped prepare us for married life."

"I'm really glad to hear you say that, Eric," Stephanie said as she sat down on her desk, crossing her legs so as to show only the slightest hint of her exposed thigh. "Some people seemed to think that my classes were a bit too unusual for this community."

"Oh, we didn't think that at all, Reverend," Lucy added, "they were just great! I really appreciated learning about the different cultural attitudes towards marriage, and how it's changed over time. It was fascinating!"

"I'm glad to hear you say that, Lucy," Stephanie said. "As a matter of fact, those classes are connected to why I called the two of you here this evening. There are certain topics that I feel need to be discussed in any serious discussion of marriage, but which some of our more conservative members would frown upon." As she said this, Stephanie found herself absent-mindedly fingering the simple gold cross that she wore around her neck.

"What exactly do you mean, Reverend?" Lucy asked, her throat going suddenly dry with nervousness.

"Frankly," Stephanie said, "I mean the sexual side of things. I'm assuming that, like good Christians, you have been abstaining from sexual activity with each other prior to the wedding?" Eric and Lucy both fervently nodded their heads as she asked. "That's good to hear," she said as she walked back over to the far end of the office, where a small couch sat. Eric and Lucy were amazed to watch Stephanie as she revealed the couch to be a sofabed, and pulled a matress and frame out of the couch. She looked at them coyly as she patted the matress.

"I'm not sure I understand," Lucy said innocently. "Reverend, what's this all about?"

"Well," the minister said with a smile that suddenly turned devilish, "I would hate for the two of you to start your sexual lives together without either of you having any knowledge of sex. So what I was thinking, was that Lucy, you could take some notes, while I show you some of my sexual expertise."

"I-I'm not sure that would be such a good idea, Reverend. I mean, doesn't the bible speak out against pre-marital sex?"

"Well, technically it would only be pre-marital sex if you're planning on getting married at some point. Plus, this is something we'll be doing together, for the benefit of your marriage. There's nothing immoral here."

Reluctantly, the two young adults walked over to the bed, with Lucy sitting down on the edge opposite of Stephanie. "Now Lucy, there's no real reason for you to be nervous," Stephanie said. "After all, you're mostly going to just be watching for this session. You can take notes, as well, if you'd like." Turning to Eric, Stephanie added, "please take off all your clothes and lay down on the bed. As the two of you get more experienced with each other, you'll probably want to undress each other, but for now, we'll try to just be expedient."

Eric laid down on the bed, his arms stiffly laying down at his sides. "Now, the first and most important thing when being sexually active," Stephanie said, gently stroking the side of his face, "is to be relaxed. you have to feel at ease with yourselves, and each other, or else you'll never be able to enjoy yourself. So Eric, I need you to start to relax." As she made the request, Stephanie also started to nibble at the edge of his ear. "Are you feeling any more relaxed?" she whispered into his ear as she did.

Eric nodded, and Stephanie took that as permission to explore more of his body, slowly starting to rub her hands all over his body as she did. "There's a bit of a stereotype about men, especially younger ones, that they are always ready to go for sex. Nothing, my dear, could be further from the truth. They need warming up just as much as women do, so make sure that you're always attentive to his needs," Stephanie explained to Lucy. As she did, she continued to kiss her fiance's neck, moving her lips down towards his chest and nipples as she did. She paused there slowly, licking and sucking at his nipples for a moment before her hands moved further down.

Lucy watched with rapt attention as Stephanie took her fiance's rapidly-stiffening cock and started to move her fingers up and down the shaft with the grace of a pianist. Lucy could hear Eric's breathing starting to get slightly heavier as Stephanie continued doing this. What was completely unexpected for her, however, was the effect that it was having within her - Lucy felt the emotion of desire starting to stir within her belly as she watched her man be manually pleasured by the red-head. After a few moments of this, Lucy's mouth started to follow her hands towards Eric's crotch.

"While you're doing this, you have to remember that you're building towards something," she explained. "You never want to get stuck at any one point. As you get more experienced, you'll learn to anticipate exactly what your lover wants. There are some things that never fail, however." With that, Stephanie took Eric's cock into her mouth, forcing as much of him into her as she could. He gasped with pleasure as he did, and started to run his hands through the girl's hair. 

For the next few moments, Stephanie moved like a woman possessed. Her head bobbed up and down continuously, her saliva covering all of the man's dick. She gracefully moved her mouth up one side of the cock, and down the other, sucking on his balls one moment and using her hands on him the next. Eric looked like he was going to explode, and part of Lucy worried that that would mean the exhibition was over. She wasn't ready for that yet, and although she didn't want to admit it to herself, the womanly juices running down her inner thighs gave her true opinion away. Just before the final moment, however, Stephanie pulled back, lifting her head back up and staring at Lucy, her lips sparkling with saliva. "Of course," she explained, "we can't enjoy the preliminaries so much that we miss the main event. Now, many people will tell you that the missionary position is the only one that's morally acceptable, but that's a load of crap, to be frank, my dear. There are a wide variety of positions to choose from, and I'm just going to show you one of them right now. It's my personal favourite."

Lucy watched as the woman climbed on top of her fiance, one hand still around his cock. She skillfully maneuvered herself down on it, taking it fully into her cunt. "Now, the main benefit of this is the feeling of power that it gives you," she said, moving herself up and sliding back down on his cock again. "You're in fully control of your own destiny. Takes the pressure off of your husband as well, which a lot of men secretly enjoy."

With that Stephanie stopped talking, content to thrust herself up and down some more on Eric's cock. Slight whimpers of pleasure came from the man - it was clear that while he was enjoying himself, he was still somewhat nervous about the whole scenario. As he focused on the hypnotic nature of Stephanie's bouncing breasts, however, he relaxed more, and started thrusting himself upward to meet with her pelvis. Stephanie also started to silently show Lucy another benefit of this position, as one of her hands reached down and started manipulating her clit as she thrust. Lucy started to mirror this, reaching under her skirt and rubbing herself as well. Instantly, she was in heaven. She had never felt anything like this before, and after a minute of fingering her clit, felt herself wanting nothing more from life than a constant state of orgasm.

The scene continued like this for another few minutes until Eric could finally take no more, and started to cum, his seed spurting into Stephanie's cunt. As he came she rolled off of him, turning to focus on Lucy. "Hope you don't mind, Eric, but us ladies aren't exactly done yet," the woman explained. "We'll just be another few minutes, though."

The two women looked like mirror images of each other, each of them thrusting their hands into their crotches, fingers inserting and clits being rubbed. Then, finally, at the same moment, they both thrust their heads backwards, orgasm overtaking them. They collapsed beside each other on the bed, breathless.

"Wow, Stephanie," Lucy said, "that was quite the informative class. I can't wait for the next session!"