 It wasn't a surprise that I woke up the next morning with a massive erection. I normally slept in the nude during the summer and my hard cock was reacting favorably to being pressed between my hairy body and the soft sheets. All I could see in my minds eye was the soft white of the tips of her tits, the sweet red of her nipples and the dark hair on her pussy. Not bothering to get out of bed I reached down and stroked my stiff cock, my other hand slipping under my balls which were aching to be touched.

"Crystal...Crystal..." I kept whispering as I jerked my cock, thinking only of her tits, then her pussy, wondering what her little asshole looked like. Then I pictured her face in my crotch and it was too much. I came hard on the inside of the sheets. I rolled on top of it, exhausted, feeling the warm jizz on my cock. I wasn't sure how I was going to make it through the day.

Not bothering to clean up the sheets I showered and went to work. The day passed too slowly and I kept thinking about her every second I wasn't occupied. I thought about cutting out early to see her, but I knew it wouldn't do any good. She couldn't do anything while there were customers around. When it came time to leave I drove home and resisted jerking again after dinner. I watched the clock until it was time to head over. I was a little early and when I walked up to the window I was sad to see another girl in Crystal's place. I wondered if she had just lead me on last night and thought better of the encounter this night. The other girl was cute in her own right but it wasn't what I wanted. Somewhat dejected I paid for a round and tried to work my way through the course to take my mind of the tease that had been presented. 

When I was halfway through the course, I heard a sound that made me much much happier. It was Crystal's voice at the little shack. I turned to see her giving the other girl a hug and watch as the girl got in her car and left, leaving only Crystal with me on the course. She turned and gave me a small wave which I returned. She had on a tight white spaghetti strap tank top, which her tits were pouring out of. Her lower portion was covered by a small jean skirt and I could only guess at to whether she had panties on. She wiggled her ass as she turned and returned into the little shack. I quickly finished up my round and, sure that no one else was around, went inside the shack. Inside Crystal was just locking up the front window.

"Hey there," she smiled. "Glad you came."

"I thought you stood me up there for a moment when I didn't see you. I figured you finally figured out I was just an average middle aged guy and that you didn't want anything to do with me."

"Don't be silly, I wouldn't do that to you. After I spent all night thinking about your cock, I had to see it again."

With that she smiled and leaned against the counter. I put my club and ball down and leaned against the opposite wall, watching her. As she talked she rand her fingers up the inside of her thigh, over her stomach and up over her buldging tank top. It was all I needed to start showing a major bulge in my shorts.

"So why me? You could have your pick of guys why me?"

"Well, you'e the only one who's caught me doing something. I mean, I know you're nice, but you could still use that all against me. Plus, after yesterday I knew you'd be interested in some of the other things that roll around in my head. Day in and day out I work here. Sometimes it gets so boring and thoughts start to pop into my head. I start to think of the things I want to do here. When it's really slow, like last night, I look at so much porn. I bet you'd be shocked if you looked at the history on the web browser."

I was so hard then, thinking of all the nasty sexy things she must have seen over the days and nights she was alone in the shack, waiting for the end of the day. I wondered how many times she had handed out balls or putters with the stink of her pussy still on her fingers. How many dads or moms caught a whiff of that smell and wondered where it came from.

"What did you want to show me tonight then?"

Crystal walked over to me. Her body was tight against mine as she rubbed her thighs against mine, and pushed her tits against my chest. She got up on her toes and whispered into my ear.

"I bet you've never seen a girl put golf balls in her pussy before."

She stepped back from me, her nipples clearly showing in her tank top. She had a huge smile on her face but at the same time her face was flushed, like she was embarassed. 

"No...I...uh...haven't."

"Good...I'll be your first then."

I didn't know what to say. Instead I just watched as she turned and lifted her skirt a bit, showing off the curve of her ass. There were no panties. I panted as she reached over the counter and grabbed one green and one blue miniature golf ball. My eyes never left her as she walked into the bathroom and I heard the sound of running water. As she emerged she shook the water off the balls.

"I love a good set of clean balls," she said through a smile. Crystal then walked over to the chair where I had first watched her touch her pussy. She lifted her skirt as she spread her legs revealing her dark pubes. Two fingers trailed down her stomach, over her skirt and between her pussy lips, parting them slightly to show her pink. It glistened with wetness. My cock, which had been stirring since I first saw her that night, was now painfully hard and pushing against my shorts. Though I knew she had no issue with my whipping my cock out, I wasn't sure if that was what she wanted. So I just stood there, hands on the counter, massive tenting in my shorts. I watched as she slowly worked her fingers around her pussy, touching her clit and occasionally dipping them in her slit. I watched as she licked those same fingers with a tongue that called to me. She did every movement so slowly that I felt like I had stopped breathing. Beneath her tank top, her nipples were rock hard. Her other hand during this whole time just kept turning the balls over and over against each other.

When she was ready she placed one of the balls on her lap, caught in the fabric of her folded skirt. The other ball she took between her fingers and rolled it between her pussy lips, starting way down by her asshole and rolling it up over her clit. With each roll she let out a long, low moan and her both shivered as she pressed it hard against her clit at the top of the roll. After the 10th or 12th roll she finally pressed the ball against her wet opening. She locked eyes with mine, then I broke my gaze to watch as she pushed the golf ball into her pussy with her fingers. I watched as her lips parted and her pussy spread, accepting it until the final bit of green was swallowed by her hole. I immediately wondered what it would feel like if I could cram my cock in there with that ball.

"That's one," she said with a breathless leer. Small bits of sweat had broken out on her face and I thought her nipples were trying to tear through the fabric of her top. If I had reached down and touched my cock right then I think I would have filled my shorts with cum. She reached over and grabbed the blue ball and went through the same routine. This time it took more force for her to push the blue ball into her pink hole but when her pussy swallowed it up again she gave a loud, long moan.

"Does it feel good?"

"It's such a different and amazing feeling. I might try a third some day. I was even thinking of maybe trying one in my ass, but I don't know if it could take it."

"I would know," I said, regaining my voice and confidence. "It's the one part of your body I haven't got a good look at yet."

"Really? Well, we have to fix that."

Crystal stood and turned around. With one hand steadying herself on the chair she reached back and pulled up her skirt. Satisfied that it was going to stay put and she wasn't going to fall over, she reached back with both hands and spread her ass cheeks to reveal a small, pink puckered hole. Unlike her puss, it was devoid of any hair and it looked so tight. She turned her head and smiled at me, her hair falling down towards the chair.

"Happy?"

"Can't you tell?" I motioned down to my shorts.

"Oh. I think we need to take care of that. Where are my manners?"

Crystal stood and turned. She crossed the few short steps between her and me with confident stride. She knew what she wanted and I knew I had to man up and give it to her. Like when I pulled out my cock in front of her the first time, I was nervous I might not meet her expectations but she didn't seem to mind. She reached out her hand and lightly touched my crotch, sending shivers up my spine. She moved in close, pushing her tank top covered tits against me and gave me a kiss on the cheek.

"I'm glad you caught me last night. I've thought about you from time to time and just love that an older man is taking such an interest in me. Especially one so close to me."

She stepped back from me and in that moment I remembered that this girl before me had two minigolf balls shoved deep into her pussy and she didn't even seem to care. 

"I think you've been waiting patiently for these."

Crystal grabbed the bottom of her tank and with one easy move pulled it over her head. Right in front of me were her lucious tits. The tan lines looked even better within grabbing distance and thsoe red nipples called to me. Without asking I reached out and grabbed her left tit. The firm, soft flesh in my hand felt amazing and I groped that exposed tit. I gripped it tight, pushing her nipple up so I could rub my thumb over it. At the same time she grabbed her other tit, pushing the nipple up to her face and she licked the red nub. She let out a series of moans as she did. As she brought the breast back down, I dived my head down and put my lips on the nipple sucking it lightly. Her other hand worked the button of my shorts, undoing it and pulling the zipper down. My shorts fell to my ankles easily and it took her no time at all to pull my hard cock from my boxer fly. A loud groan escaped my lips as her soft, small hand wrapped around my hot cock.

"God, you need a blow," she whispered. She dropped to her knees before me without another word and as she did my cock found its way into the warm valley between her beautiful tits. She pushed her tits together around my cock and moved them up and down. The skin was so soft on my throbbing hardness. I thought I was going to blow in seconds. Thankfully she pulled back and let my cock stand in the air for a second. In that brief bit of time I knew I was going to have to full on titty fuck her at some point. It was my destiny. She brought her head back in and slowly kissed the underside of my cock. After that I watched as her head slipped lower and her tongue ran underneath my hot and sweating balls. Her tongue then ran up the whole underside of my throbbing cock, following the sensitive vein there until she reached my head. Precum flowed from my cock which she eagerly lapped as she tongued my head. Then with one quick motion she took the whole of my cock into her mouth as her hand slipped up and cupped my balls. I barely had time to react before her mouth was bobbing up and down in a wonderfully rhythmic motion. My world faded in and out as pleasure swooped over my body. I reached down and ran my hand through her hair. 

Finally, as the pleasure got to be too much, I grabbed her head and pulled it tight forcing my cock deep into her mouth and throat. She looked up at me with her beautiful eyes as my cock exploded and flooded her mouth with cum. Her eyes never left mine as she worked to swallow it all, gagging slightly in the middle but never letting any of it slip from her mouth. When I finished I pulled my cock back a little and let her clean my cock head with her tongue. Satisfied that she got it all she let my cock drop from her mouth and she stood up. 

"Oh I almost forgot something." Crystal squatted in front of my causing her big tits to jiggle. With one hand she reached down and pulled up her skirt so I had a good view of her pussy. With the other hand she reached down and stuck two fingers in her. After a little movement she pulled them out and I watched as a blue golf ball crested. With a strain and a grunt I watched as she pushed it out of her hole with a sloppy pop and the ball fell into her hand. She shifted her weight and with another set of grunts I watched as she pushed the green ball from her pussy. She sighed and stood holding the balls in her hand.

"These are for you." she grabbed my hand and dropped the wet, sticky balls into them. Once they were gone she brought her hand to her lips and slowly tongued the remaining juices from it. As she did I brought the balls to my face, savoring the aroma they now had. I stuck my tongue out and licked them, getting my first taste of her from the colored and used balls. 

"Well," she sighed, "I have to get going." Crystal grabbed her tank top and threw it back on, robbing me of her great tits. "I'm not going to be around for a few days because I'm going to the beach with my friend Ashley."

"Was she the one here before?" Startled at how quickly she changed gears I grabbed my pants and put the wet balls in them before pulling them back on.

"Yeah, cutie isn't she? Her family owns a beach house so we're going to get some sun."

I licked my lips as I thought of her and her friend laying out, darkening their tans and making her tan lines all the more pronounced. 

"I hope you have a good time. I can't wait to see the result."

She returned my smile as she stepped closer to me. "Oh don't worry you will."

Crystal pressed her hot body against mine as she gave me a long and wet kiss. She then stepped back and walked towards the bathroom.

"See ya!"

I said my goodbyes and walked to my car. I could still feel her mouth around my cock and the weight of the balls in my pocket had me hard again before I buckled in. I rubbed my crotch the whole way home and as soon as I got there I went to the living room and undressed. With the golf balls pressed to my nose so I could smell her, I wrapped my hand around my throbbing cock and pumped it furiously. I called out her name as I pumped my cum onto the balls, covering them in the light splatter my depleted balls could pull together. Without wiping them off I brought them too my room and placed them on a small towel by my bed. Exhausted I fell into bed nude and slept with dreams of nothing but Crystal in my head.

Next: Chapter 3...Crystal brings a friend!