 I was all of 18, and the typical horny teenager when this happened. I had rented my first place, and coming from the countryside, I had to get used to neighbors. It sounds strange, I know. But not having anyone around you is very liberating. You can do absolutely anything you want, and with neighbors, I had to give that up now. 

There were perks to living in town though. Women were the big one. I worked nights, so I was on the opposite schedule of most of their husbands. So everyday I had a lot to look at, and there were lots of women showing a lot of skin when they were alone. 

There was one that drove me absolutely wild. I'd met her and her husband when I moved in. Her name was Marcia, and from moment one she had my entire attention. The day we met she was wearing shorts and a t-shirt, and I could tell right away there was nothing under it. She was a busty wench, and get nipples were on display as we talked. I tried my best to keep my eyes above her neck, but that wasn't happening. She noticed, and smiled at my obvious discomfort. When she left, I watched her ass and I have to admit it was as nice as the front of her. She lived next door, and I hoped I would get to see more of her. literally of course. 

Things started to get interesting a few days later. I'd been home for a while, and was almost ready to go to bed when I noticed something. The drapes to her bedroom were open. It was Summer, so that wasn't really that unusual. They hadn't been before though, so I checked it out just in case. 

There was movement in the room; someone was there. As I watched, Marcia walked over to her dresser, dressed in just panties and a bra. I could see how fully packed that bra was from where I stood. I watched as she slowly leaned over, pulling clothes out for the day. My eyes were wandering all over her body for the minute or so she stood there. She finally chose some, and slipped them on, walking out of sight. 

That was an interesting way to end my day, and as I climbed into bed, I couldn't help but wonder if it would happen again, or if things would go further. 

I woke up that evening, and the first thing I did was check the bedroom window across the way. Sure enough, the blinds were down. That really made me wonder about that morning being a happy accident. I figured I'd check the next morning, just in case. 

Work that night passed so slowly, I swear the clock was running backward instead of forward. But eventually morning came, and I got out and headed home. 

I did the usual; grabbed some breakfast and got ready for bed. The night had been so long I almost forgot to check next door. I was in the ragged shorts I wore to bed when I remembered. 

I went to the window, and sure enough, the blind was up. I had a clear view into Marcia's bedroom. 

I didn't have to wait long either. Today she walked into the room in a towel. Obviously she'd just gotten out of the shower. As I watched, she walked around the room. She seemed to be taking her time today, and that's when it hit me. She knows I can see her, and that I'm watching. She's just working up her nerve. 

I was dead on the money with that. She puttered around the room for quite a while before she sat down at her dressing table. She was facing away from me, but I could see her clearly in the circular mirror there. I saw her looking in the mirror for quite a while, then it happened. 

She took a deep breath, and undid her towel, letting it fall around her waist. I was rock hard in seconds, starting at those tits I'd drooled over for weeks now. They were amazingly full, and the tan lines stopped just short of her nipples. I noticed those nipples were rock hard too. She was enjoying this as much as I was. 

She picked up her brush, and started brushing her hair. I wasn't really watching that; I couldn't tear my eyes away from the way her tits moved as she did that. It was almost hypnotic, and i found myself not only staring, I was stroking my cock through my shorts. I thought I could see a small smile on her face, but I could have been mistaken. Finally after a few minutes of this torture, she walked over to the window (still topless) and pulled the shade. 

Sleep didn't come easy that day. All I could think of was the possibility of where this was leading. Finally, just before I fell asleep, I hatched a plan. 

Getting home the next morning, I grabbed some food and hurried to my bedroom. The blinds were down that day, and I felt a wave of disappointment wash over me. Then I glanced down at their yard. 

There was Marcia sunbathing in the private corner of their yard. She was lying there on her stomach, those huge tits visible almost all the way to her nipples. She was wearing bikini bottoms, the smallest I'd ever seen. As I stared at this sight, I noticed her glancing up at my window. If I hadn't been watching closely, I wouldn't have seen it. But she did, several times in fact. That's when I knew it was time to implement my plan. 

I stepped in front of my window then, dressed only in my ragged shorts. My years on the swim team had given me a well defined body, and my work helped me maintain that. 

The next time her head turned to see if I was watching, she didn't turn away. I made sure I had her attention, then I kicked things up a notch. 

Knowing she could see me, I unbuttoned the top button on my shorts. Then slowly, I unzipped them all the way. She was openly staring herself now, taking in the sight. That's when I slid my shorts down and off, exposing a hard thick 8" cock to her eyes. 

Her eyes were locked on my window as i started slowly stroking my length for her. She smiled at that, and then turned over, exposing herself to me. 

I smiled when she did that, and stroked a little faster just for her enjoyment. She responded in kind; she took the tanning lotion she had there and poured some in her hands. 

She started covering herself with lotion as I watched, playing particular attention to those tits. The sight of her massaging the lotion into those mounds was fantastic! Then she one upped me. 

One hand was playing with her nipples, pinching them harder than I would have thought enjoyable. That's when her right hand started the slow slippery slide down her body. As I watched, that hand disappeared under her bikini bottoms. And when her fingers started making slow circles there, I knew what was going on. I started stroking faster, as did she. When I saw her fingers slip into what I knew was a hot wet pussy, I couldn't hold back anymore. 

I stroked hard and fast, and right there before her eyes, I blew my load. My window was open, so I coated the screen with my cum. Looking down, I saw her body shaking. She had her legs locked together, and her fingers deep inside herself as she came for me. 

My orgasm left me shaking, and i reached out using the window frame to support myself. She got up then, and with a smile walked inside. I hit the bed then for some much needed sleep. 

Our little ritual became a daily thing after that. It varied from day to day, but it always ended up with both of us cumming. 

The most memorable one for me was the day she stood in front of her window completely naked for the first time. She watched me stroking, then picked up a vibrator. She put one foot one the windowsill, and slipped that baby right in all the way. I got to see her get off, that toy buried inside her. Naturally that made me cum too. 

While what we were doing was amazingly fun, I wanted more. So I came up with another plan for the next day. 

I was at the window in my shorts when she showed up naked as usual. Before we got started though, I held up one finger in the universal wait sign. She looked puzzled, but nodded ok. 

I went to my front door, then outside. It was exactly 23 steps to her front door. When I got there, I rang the bell and waited. 

It didn't take her as long as I'd expected to answer. Instead of getting dressed like I thought she would, she just grabbed a towel and wrapped it around her. 

Her eyes went really wide when she answered and saw it was me. She looked quickly up and down the empty street, then grabbed my arm, dragging me inside. She looked at me for a minute, then suggested we sit on the couch. Once we were there, she had questions. 

"What are you doing here?"

I smiled at that. 

"We've been watching each other for weeks now, every day. I was hoping today we might be able to take things to the next step."

With that, I reached down and unbuttoned the top button she'd become so familiar with over the weeks. Her eyes watched my every movement while I did that. She couldn't tear her eyes away from the bulge there, still hidden by my zipper. Her eyes were locked on my cock even as she spoke. 

"You know I'm married don't you? You met him the day you moved in."

"And he seems like the typical nice guy. Am I right? The problem is I don't think that's what you're looking for. Otherwise why would you be entertaining me every day?"

That got her attention. I saw her face crumble as the realization hit her. 

"You're right. He is a wonderful guy, I can't deny that. But I'm so bored with sex three times a week, always in the dark with him on top. Here doesn't even want me to suck him off."

I saw my opening then. I leaned over to whisper in her ear.

"You're absolutely right wanting what you want. And I agree; he's not the guy that can give it to you. Now me on the other hand, I fantasize about that hot mouth wrapped around my cock. And other things of course."

That's when I reached for my zipper. Her eyes were locked on my hand as I slowly slid it down, exposing my hard cock. Her eyes widened as she saw me up close and personal for the first time. I saw her look back at my face, then back at my cock. 

Finally I said, "Look, I can leave. You're not sure. So let me zip this up..."

My hand went to my zipper. But before I could zip up, her hand stopped me. 

"No, wait. You're right; I do need more."

I felt her hands wrap itself around my cock, and she began stroking me as she spoke. 

"Do you really fantasize about me?"

"Oh my God yes! Since I first saw you, I've had the most incredible fantasies about you."

"Like what kind? Tell me."

Her hand stroked faster, so I did just that. 

"Where do I begin? I've fantasized about everything with you. Although you're usually not wearing a towel in my fantasies."

My hand went to the knot holding her towel up. I paused there for a moment. 

"Do you mind? I've been wanting to see this up close for so long now?"

She smiled her answer, and my fingers tugged the knot loose. The towel slipped away, exposing that body I'd only seen from far away. My cock lurched in her hand, and she giggled. 

"I take it you like what you see?"

"You're fucking amazing. In the dictionary, next to the word MILF is your picture. That's Mom I'd like to..."

"I know what it means, and thank you."

She stroked me faster as I took in every little detail of her body just inches from me. I took in those big tits, watching them jiggle as she stroked me. There were those tan lines that drive me crazy. And that hot shaved pussy, inches away from me. She saw me looking and smiled before she spoke. 

"So you have nasty fantasies about me?"

"Since the moment I met you."

"Have you ever fantasized about this?"

With those words, she bent over my lap, and swallowed my cock. I'm sure my eyes bugged out as she went all the down in one smooth stroke. She took my entire length several times, then looked up at me. 

"Well?"

"Oh my fucking God, you're the best cocksucker ever!"

"Awwwwww, thank you!"

She swallowed me again, and I couldn't resist the allure of her body inches away any more. One hand went to those tits, while the other wrapped itself in her hair, guiding her head as she pleasured me. She swallowed me again and again, eagerly sucking my hard cock. I felt that familiar feeling coming on, so I warned her.

"Damn, I'm gonna cum."

She popped up long enough to reply.

"Go ahead; cum in my mouth. I haven't tasted cum so long."

Then she swallowed my again. A few strokes later, I did just that, and filled her mouth with hot sticky cum. I could see her working too swallow it all, and she managed the feat. Every drop slid down her hungry throat. When she finished, she sat up. 

"God that was good! It's been way too long since I've gotten to do that."

"Your husband's fucking crazy for not letting you do that. You're the best I've ever had."

She smiled at my words. 

"I love young guys. Not only do they have very little experience, but they get hard again so fast."

"Again? It never went down!"

"Exactly. Now what are you going to do with that bad boy?"

With that, she laid back, looking down her body at me. When those legs spread, I knew exactly what I was going to do. 

I crawled up her body, dragging my tongue slowly up the exposed skin in front of me. When I reached those tits, I concentrated on those rock hard nipples. I felt them under my tongue, then between my teeth. I heard her gasp, and her breathing got heavy. I finally worked my way all the way up her body. Laying there on top of her, I feel the heat from that hot pussy on my shaft. I teased her with just the head, until her lips went to my ear. 

"Do it. Fulfill our fantasies and fuck me."

That was exactly what I wanted to hear, and I started the slow plunge into her hot wet depths. 

I went slow, and watched her face as she took my length for the first time. Her eyes got wider as she took my thick 8". When I got bottom, her body started moving. I could feel her hips bucking up against mine as I explored her depths. I slammed that hot pussy hard and fast, enjoying every second of it. I felt her body shake over and over, and realized she was multi orgasmic. Watching her cum was fantastic, and as I got closer to coming myself, I warned her again. 

"Go ahead, cum inside me. I want that young cum filling me up!"

It wasn't much longer before I heated her wish, plunging into hey deep one last time before exploding and filling her pussy. Our bodies thrashed together as we both enjoyed the moment, finally grinding to a halt. 

We untangled, and sat on her couch recuperating. I had to ask the question that has been on my mind for quite a while. 

"So, do you do this with every young guy that lives in next door?"

"No I don't. Actually you're the first. There's more to the story though. When my husband and I were just married, we were still very...adventurous. Not long after we got married, we met some swingers. Needless to say, we had a lot of fun. We did everything and everyone. Men, women, groups, you name it. Then my husband discovered religion. Everything stopped, except sex three times a week. Always in the dark, always with me on my back. No more strange cock, no more strange women, nothing. The problem there is I love my husband. But I love getting wild too. 

I met you just as everything built up to the breaking point. Something had to give, and it did just when you showed up on my doorstep. I knew we were going to fuck then. Not just once either; as often as both of us want. That is, if you're up for it."

"God yes! I would have loved have seen you when you were into swinging. That would have been incredible. I can just imagine that."

I could too. I could just see her with strangers, men, women, all of it. I would have loved to live that adventure with her, and I told her so. She looked at me oddly for a minute, then replied. 

"I still know a lot of them. Would you like me to introduce you? I'll bet quite a few of them would love playing with you."

I told her I'd like nothing more, and she started rattling off names. I recognized quite a few of them from growing up in the area; in fact quite a few of them were teachers I'd had growing up. That got my imagination going. I could remember lusting after quite a few of them in class over the years. I told her that, and she smiled. 

"I can see you're going to be living out more fantasies, aren't you?"

"I sure am! Tell me one thing. Will you join in?"

She just smiled at that. 

"Anything possible. We'll have to wait and see."

I ran through the names she'd given me, and one stuck out in my mind. She'd been an English teacher when I was growing up. I'd had her in sixth grade, back when she was a brand new teacher. I could still remember her low cut dresses, and how hard it was to concentrate watching those tits while she taught us. Her name was Linda, and I told Marcia I'd love to get together with her. 

"Good choice. I hear she's a real wild one, and if you've got a dominant side, she loves to take the submissive role."

"I haven't really played with that, but I'd love to try it. Can you arrange it?"

She just smiled and nodded, and I knew right then I was in for some real fun. 

I thanked her, then realized I had to get some sleep. She showed me to the door, and I went home to sleep and dream about adventures yet to come.