 Author's note: This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of the author. This story may be freely distributed with this notice attached, as long as no charge is made for it and it isn't changed in any way. If it is archived, it is done so on the basis that the author will have unrestricted access to the archive. 

This story is a work of fiction. None of the characters or events herein is based on real people, either living or dead. It was produced for the entertainment of ADULTS ONLY, and contains descriptions of explicit sex. If you are not an adult, or reading sex stories upsets you, do not read any further. By reading further you certify that you have accessed/requested access to this material willfully, and that you are an adult 21 years of age or older. You also certify that you are NOT a city, county, state, or federal law enforcement officer, official of the United States Postal Service, acting in the capacity of a representative of a telecommunications firm, and that this material does not offend the standards in your area, nor is it in violation of any of local, state, or federal law of the United States or of the country you belong to, and in which, you are a citizen. 

My sincere thanks to Literotica volunteer editor "MissZ" for all the good suggestions and editing.

Hi friends, I am Mohan and I grew up in a small town just north of Cannanore in Kerala. I welcome comments to help improve future stories. The main dialog is in English, with a very limited amount of Hindi phrases and conversation in parenthesis.

**********

After completing my first year of college, I moved to another town to do my engineering studies.  Fortunately, my parents had good friends, Vijay and Monica, who had a jewelry business in this town and they arranged for me to stay with them. Vijay was twenty-seven, his young wife Monica was twenty, and they were had married about one year ago. Monica stayed at home, oversaw the housemaid in cooking, and did normal chores around the house. Even though she was very beautiful, I saw her as a family friend and not as the sexy woman that she really was. Soon we became good friends and I helped her with tasks around the house.

One of my tasks was to receive the milk, which was delivered early in the morning by the milkman's wife, Yasmeen. The milkman, Gopal, was in his forties, and had a farm with cows, goats, chickens and a few sheep. He had gone all the way to the Kashmir valley to find a wife from a sheepherder's family, and came back with a fair and beautiful young woman named Yasmeen. The only problem was that Yasmeen was much younger – only eighteen years old – when she and Gopal got married a year ago. The rumor going around was that Gopal had paid a handsome sum of money to her parents in order to marry her.

I usually received the milk from Yasmeen, took the container inside, poured the milk into one of our containers, and returned Yasmeen's container back to her, all rinsed and clean. She would always smile, say some kind words, seemed relieved at the fact that our house was her last stop, and go back to her home.

Yasmeen had a twinkle in her eye and a spring in her step. Her large breasts jiggled as she walked. She wore a cute nose ring, large dangling ear rings, and traditional Kashmiri dress, which consisted of a long flared skirt and a short tight blouse, exposing a good part of her midriff and her cute navel. She had a beautiful figure, and her large round breasts seemed to be struggling to be set free from the confines of her tight blouse, bounced as she walked and were enough to give a dead man a hard-on. Sometimes, at the sight of her, my ‘morning wood' turned into a raging erection, and I would to go to the bathroom, fantasize about her and masturbate in order to obtain some relief. I was just dying to suck on those big boobs and to fuck her young Kashmiri cunt hard.

My good fortune came when Monica along with her husband Vijay went over to Bangalore to spend a short vacation. I seized this opportunity, already had a plan with Yasmeen in mind, and told the housemaid to take a few days off and visit her family.

The housemaid was temporarily gone, and I had the house to myself. As usual Yasmeen came over with the milk which I promptly received, and I went indoors while she waited outside at the backdoor. I put my plan into operation, called out to her, and told her that I needed her help.

"Yasmeen, would you help me with this?"  I tried to move the kitchen table over.

She came inside and helped me move the kitchen table. Oh, she was so beautiful!  

Yasmeen was absolutely ravishing! She was very light skinned and had a flawless face. I couldn't help staring at her big 36C boobs with nipples faintly visible, her slim waist and taut exposed tummy with the cutest belly button. Her cute little gold nose ring just added to her sexiness. Glancing at her feet, I noticed her toe rings and gold anklets that matched her long dangling gold pierced ear rings. This vision in front of me coupled with all the pent up emotions, made my cock hard as a rock.

In the old days of the Cochin Maharajahs, she would have been the king's favorite wife, and the desire of all the males in his court. I could not resist my emotions, and I reached over and embraced her. Surprisingly, she did not resist. Then I kissed her on her lips, placed my palms on her breasts, and gently squeezed them. They felt very firm to my touch. She got a bit scared and looked around.

"Don't do this, someone might see us. I'm scared. Where is memsahib?" ("Aisa maath karo, koi dekhlega. Mein darthi hoon – Memsahib kahan hai saheb?")

I replied, "Memsahib has gone to Bangalore, now we are alone here." ("Memsahib Bangalore gaya – Abhi hum dono akhela hai.")

Yasmeen was relieved at hearing this. I drew her towards me and kissed her on her full, rosebud lips and caressed her big boobs. From her eyes and her moaning I could tell she was longing for sex, and I lifted her in my arms, and carried her to my bedroom.

"I'm scared, be careful, saheb." ("Saheb, dhar hotha hai – samalo saheb.") 

She always referred to me as ‘Saheb', Hindi for sir.

She lay on the bed, I kissed her and desperately tried to undo her blouse, which was so tight because of her big boobs straining to be set free. Finally, I got her blouse off and she looked glorious in her dark blue lace bra. I could see the top portion of her milk-white twin globes with the outline of her nipples that were seeking freedom. I buried my head in the valley (Kashmir valley) formed by her breasts and gently kissed it. I reached behind her, deftly unhooked her bra, and freed her magnificent, perfect, twin globes, with their light brown areolas and erect, hard, light brown nipples. The faint outline of blue veins on the top portion of her breasts were clearly visible. This was a sight for the gods! I sucked on her nipples; first one and then the other.

"Uuuuunnnnnhhhhh…! Ooooooohhhhhhhhh…! Oooooooowwwwwww… saheb!" 

My hands dove under her skirt and I stuck my fingers under the elastic of her panties. I felt her smooth labia and immediately realized that she was clean-shaven and her entire mound, labia and pussy were hair free, as is the community tradition for girls in her Kashmiri village. This was the first time that I had experienced a clean-shaven pussy and found this extremely arousing.  

My cock was fully erect, rock-hard, and the glans was covered with precum.

Then a naughty idea came to me. ‘Hhhhhhhmmmmmmm…! Since Gopal is an uninteresting type of fellow, I wonder whether Yasmeen has ever had her pussy licked.'

Only one way to find out!

Leaving her boobs exposed to the fresh air, I dove under her skirt and quickly pulled down her dark blue lace panties, and removed them. I squashed her panties into a ball and put it to my face and took a deep whiff of it.  

Yasmeen almost fainted with her blushing, and covered her face with both her hands and giggled. However, she was enjoying this type of worship. This was all very new to her and I was positive that I could satisfy her and myself very well. I planted a kiss on her pubic mound. She jumped a little bit. From her reaction, I knew immediately that she had never experienced the pleasures of oral sex. Oh, I was going to give her a good treat! I parted her legs and kissed her labia. Her smooth labia felt different and good! There was a look of apprehension on her face.

"Are you looking at my thing? Do you like it?" ("Kyah, meri maal dek rehe ho? Pasand hai? ")  She thought that I was just admiring her pussy. 

I was encouraged and my tongue separated her inner lips and licked her wet pussy with some swift up and down strokes.

Yasmeen jerked, her body shuddered, and she jumped up.

"Uuuuuuuuiiiiiiiiiii…  Oh my God! What are you doing? It's not clean, saheb."  ("Uuuuuuuuiiiiiiiiiii…  Bhagwan! Arreh saheb, kyah kartha hai? – woh saaf nehi saheb.")

"Yasmeen my dear, this is very good. Your pussy is very beautiful and very tasty."  ("Yasmeen beti, bahut achaa hai, meri jaan. Thumari choot bahut khubsurat aur majedhar hai.")

Her pussy was very wet; she squirmed, giggled, blushed and enjoyed this newfound experience very much. This was conclusive proof, and I knew right then that she had never had her pussy licked ever before, and quickly removed her skirt and tossed it on a chair beside the bed.

Yasmeen looked so beautiful in her nakedness with her perfect, firm, twin globes and their erect hard nipples. Her tummy was flat, with the cutest belly button. Her hips were wide, her mound was fleshy, and her pouting labia tried to conceal most of her inner lips but left the tip of her swollen, blood engorged clitoris exposed. Yasmeen had a well-defined and symmetrical pussy. I parted her swollen labia with my fingers, and admired her pink vaginal entrance. Her smooth fleshy labia were almost pinkish and quite plump.  They encircled and framed her petite inner lips, and provided a nice valley at the top, where her inner lips met and formed a tiny pink love bud; her beautiful inviting clitoris.  

The outer fringe of her inner lips had a slight brownish tint. They looked wonderful! Her clitoris was nestled in a valley, and the tip was always visible from under her hood. She had an exposed (not retracted) pink clitoris, swollen, engorged with blood and the whole thing was shaped like a tiny penis. This was the most beautiful pussy in the Kashmir valley! Yasmeen had no idea what a beautiful pussy she had. Because of her conservative upbringing, she thought that all girls had the  ‘same thing' and that it was for peeing; and when they got married, their husbands to put their ‘thing' into it.

I reached over and picked up my cup of milk and poured a little on Yasmeen's tummy, and licked it like a cat drinking milk. Yasmeen was tickled and giggled. Next, I placed her legs together and admired her slit. I then poured some milk on the Vee formed by her thighs, licked it and drank the milk. She enjoyed this body worship very much and was getting hornier. I parted her legs and started to lick her labia, inner lips, and vagina with some long strokes. Her plump labia and her inner lips were even more engorged with blood and now had become slightly reddish.  

"Are you enjoying this, Yasmeen?"  ("Yasmeen, majaa hai kyah?")

"This is so wonderful saheb! I didn't know this would be so good; keep doing it saheb. Pleeeaaasseeee! Ooooooohhhhhhhhh…! Ooooooohhhhhhhhh…!" ("Bahut achaa hai saheb; Issmeh itnaah anand hai mujhe patha nahin tha – aur karo saheb – please! ")

Her smooth, shaved pussy looked so virginal! I could see her large erect clit, and slowly moved my tongue to the top part of her clitoral shaft, carefully avoiding the tip for later. Her clit was by now, fully exposed from under the hood – and very pink, almost reddish. She had goose bumps all over her body!

She cried out, "Aaaaaahhhhhh…! Aaaaaahhhhhh…! Saheb, fuck my pussy now; hurry up, put your cock inside me please! Fuuucccckkkk… me now! Pleeeeezzz…!" ("Saheb, mere andhar dalo, meri chooth meh dalo, mujhay apna lund dedho, meri choot maro abhi  – jaldi karo saheb!")  

I was not done licking her tasty pussy, and wanted her to experience a good orgasm before I fucked her. She was hot and ready for the next phase of pussy licking. I moved her clit hood upwards with my fingers and fully exposed her swollen reddish clit. With my tongue, I flicked the exposed tip of her clit a few times. She jerked her entire body and shuddered. My tongue concentrated on her erect clit and gave it some fast licks up and down, and from side to side.  I felt her pussy muscles spasm rhythmically.  

She screamed, "Uuuuuuuuiiiiiiiiiii…  Bhagwan! (God) Oooooooowwwwwww…! Uuuuuuuuiiiiiiiiiii…! Ooooooohhhhhhhhh…!"

She pleaded, "Saheb, fuck me now! Come on, hurry! Put it inside my pussy!" ("Saheb, meri choot maro! Jaldi saheb, jaldi karo! Meri chooth barabar chodhhh... abhi! Andhar dalo saheb!") 

I quickly got out of my clothes, showed her my erect cock and pulled the foreskin a bit.  The reddish glans was partially exposed. Her eyes widened in surprise. 

"Saheb, it's a nice size! And it's beautiful." ("Kitna bada hai saheb! Khubsurath bhi hai!")

She touched it, squeezed it, jerked it up and down, smiled, and then placed the tip of my cock at the entrance of her vagina.

I pushed, and Yasmeen squirmed, moving her pelvis, and it went inside her tight pussy.  

She cried, "Ooww, ooww, Oooohhhh, saheb it feels great! Fuck me, fuck my pussy!"  ("Ooww, ooww, Oooohhhh, saheb bahut acha lagtha – maro, maro, meri chooth maro!")

I fucked her with long hard strokes, and Yasmeen fucked me back by thrusting her body rhythmically, as my cock went in and out of her tight pussy. Then I adjusted the depth of my strokes, such that my mushroom glans would stimulate her G-Spot. She went wild!

"Oooooohhhhhh…! My love, fuck mmmeee! Faster, harder!" ("Ooooohhhhh…!  Mere pyari, jaldi maro, zore se marrooohh..!")

I fucked her harder and faster with long full strokes. She screamed with each stroke and then held me tight and flipped me over, put me on my back and got on top of me.  

Yasmeen mounted me, "Now watch this saheb; I, too, can give you lots of pleasure." ("Abhi dekho saheb, main bhi aapko bahut mazaa doonga.") And she started to wildly move her butt up and down, and give my cock a good workout. I played with her boobs and nipples. Now, it was me who was the novice, in the hands of a skillful teacher.  

As she fucked me, she would bend forward, and watch my cock go in and out of her hot pussy. Her petite pussy inner lips were draped on either side of my cock. I reached over and massaged her swollen clitoris.  

"Uuuuuiiiiiii…  Bhagwan! Ooooooohhhhhhhhh…! Fuck me saheb! Fuck me hard!  Massage my clit saheb!" ("Mujhe chodo saheb! Zor se chodo! Meri clítoris dabha karo saheb! ")  She relaxed her pussy muscles and pounded my cock as her pelvis came downwards and then tightened her inner muscles as she firmly ‘milked' my cock.  Her milking continued for another five minutes – I was in heaven! She went faster and faster!

She screamed, "Uuuuuuuiiiiiiiiiiii…  Bhagwan…! Ooooooohhhhhhhhh…!  Aaaaaaaiiiiiieeeee…! Uuuummmmmaaaaaaa…! (Mama!)" Her tight pussy contracted even further. I felt the hot gush of her cum on my cock, as she had a good strong orgasm.

Yasmeen didn't stop. She continued her fucking at a slower pace. I placed my hands on her hips, and brought her pussy down on my cock, as I started to push my hips upwards. With each stroke, my full six inches of cock was buried deep inside her hot pussy. We had attained perfect rhythm and went faster and faster and then all of a sudden, She started fucking me furiously.

Yasmeen cried, "Mohan saheb, my sweet rajah, fuck me hard darling! It's been a long time since I have enjoyed like this. Your cock is so much bigger and harder than Gopal's." ("Rajah aaj mujhe zor se chodo; bahut din ke bad aaj main acchee tarah chudwa rahi hoon. Gopal ka lund ithna bada aur kadak nahin.")

She continued her downward movements in perfect rhythm to meet my upward thrusts. I reached over and massaged her erect clit with my wet fingers.

She cried, "Uuuuuuuuiiiiiiiiiii…  Bhagwan…! Ooooooohhhhhhhhh…! Ooooooohhhhhhhhh…! Oh saheb, fuck me harder! Uuuuuuuuiiiiiiiiiii…  Bhagwan…! Ooooooohhhhhhhhh…!" ("Meri chooth zor se maro saheb, zor se maro!")

I felt her cunt muscles tighten as she had a second strong orgasm. I could not hold out any longer, sensed my impending ejaculation, and went faster. My semen boiled within my testicles and made its way to the tip of my bulging throbbing penis.

She knew how to milk my cock, and watched the expressions on my face, as she performed a good milking job on my cock. During each down stroke she relaxed her tight pussy muscles, and then tightened her already tight pussy muscles during each upstroke. Yasmeen smiled as she did this and I knew that she had something on her mind. She was milking my cock very well and waiting to watch my facial expressions as I exploded and shot my hot sperm deep inside her hot throbbing cunt! She felt my cock enlarge and get stiffer and watched my face intently as she kept pounding her tight cunt over my cock.

I screamed, "Oh Yasmeen! Fuck me faster my love! Faster! Ooooooohhhhhhhhh…! Harder darling…! Harder…! I'm cumming…! Yasmeeeeeeeeennnnnnnnn…! Yasmeeeeeeeeennnnnnnnn…!" ("Jaldi chodo meri jaan! Jaldi chodo! ") I shot my sperm in several strong spurts into her hot throbbing cunt as she fucked me faster and faster!

We lay down exhausted, and we both watched the cum drip out of her pussy in a steady trickle. Yasmeen giggled. I wiped her pussy, and then realized that we had been making love for a whole hour. Reality sunk in. I was very concerned that Gopal might miss her.  

"Yasmeen, do you think Gopal will come looking for you?"

"Don't worry, saheb, he has gone to the market to sell some goats. He will not be home until late this evening."  

We had plenty of time, and I suggested another round. Her eyes lit up and she readily agreed.

"Lick my pussy for a long time, saheb; I just love that. I never knew that it would be so enjoyable. Saheb, did you know that it was the first time for me?"

"Oh yes, Yasmeen, I saw the way you jumped up when I put my tongue between your wet pussy lips. There was a look of shock on your face. You loved it, yet, there was a scared look on your face."

"Oh, it was so good saheb! And I never knew about this; I thought that only girls did this for men and made them ejaculate. Let me ask you something, saheb. Did you like my shaved pussy? And did you enjoy licking it?"

"That's two questions. Of course I loved it, Yasmeen; I enjoyed it just as much as you did. And your shaved pussy looks great! But hair around it will make it look better. Now I will lick you some more and then we can fuck some more. Which do you like better, me licking your pussy or me fucking your pussy?" 

"Uuuuummmm, they are both great! Licking my pussy is totally new to me and I had a very good orgasm. I think I like the licking slightly better. No, no, I want you to lick my pussy and then fuck me. I want both. Your nice cock fills me very well."

"OK then, let's do both."

"Saheb, do you like me to have hair on my pussy? Gopal also tells me that I should let it grow into a thick bush. What do you think, saheb?"

"Yasmeen, you have dark brown hair and your pussy hair also will be dark brown. Just let it grow and it will be a wonderful contrast against your white skin."

She giggled, "OK, I'll let it grow; Gopal will think that it was his idea. How long do you think it will it take?" 

"About three months, and you will have a glorious bush. I'm dying to see your pussy with dark brown curly hair. You will love the looks of it, Yasmeen."
