 *As her husband leaves with their kids for soccer practice, the woman is left to her own devices - and those devices are her naked self, and her neighbor. And to finally feel her handsome neighbor's young cock in her neglected pussy.*

His neighbors usually drew the curtains to their bathroom, except for the mother and wife - whenever she could, she would leave the floor-to-ceiling windows available for him to look through whenever she was in the shower or bath. One could question what went through the architect's mind when he decided to have such large windows in the bathroom, but he didn't exactly pay much thought to that. He just knew that he got an eyeful of milf every now and then, whenever she felt like giving it to him of course! They had been having sort of an unspoken back and forth for the past few months, and sure enough, as she once more went to have a bath, she withdrew the lengthy curtains and let the light in. With such large windows as well as white tile on the floor and parts of the walls, it was almost as bright in the bathroom as it was outside where the sun was shining.

It took a moment before she spotted him standing in his own house, in the window opposite hers. Timing wasn't always in their favor though, so a few days could go by without them seeing each other. Sometimes he had even watched her masturbate, and she would occasionally glance his way when she did it. So he knew that she knew he liked looking at her, and the feeling was very mutual - she got off on it, hard. It was only ever glances and peeks. But she clearly got off on being watched, and he sure wasn't one to complain. He decided that the next time she was so brazen as to give him such a showing, he'd return the favor and whip out the hard cock that would always throb when he saw her in there. And then he'd masturbate in front of her as well. But that time wouldn't come. 

She was getting her bath ready as per usual, and today she was wearing a cute, yellow summer dress, and nothing underneath. It was short enough to give peeks at her privates if she bent over far enough - and she did make sure to give him a view or two! But she just went about her business of getting the bath ready, filling it with water and pouring salts into it. And then she surprised him by suddenly turning around to look at him. She'd looked at him before, sure. But this time was different - she had never looked at him like that. It's like she got a bright idea, staring at him lustfully...

A skip of his heart later, she curled her finger back and forth to motion for him to come over. She watched him disappear from the window, and then left the bathroom. It seemed like masturbation wasn't going to cut it this time around, but he didn't mind missing out on that - because it didn't take him many moments to move his horny self to her front door, and knock frantically. She was still in the sundress as she opened up the door. And a sundress like that on a woman like her, with a body like that, would usually be more than enough to get him going... And yet, he were given so much more than that - they didn't speak as she opened the door. They stared at each other, and then she reached to her shoulders, moving the straps of her dress down her arms, letting the light article of clothing fall to the floor. The door was still wide open, but she didn't mind in that moment. He wanted to say something as he looked her up and down thoroughly, but he couldn't manage anything. 

She was stunningly gorgeous. Standing there in nothing but her birthday suit with that lustful expression on her face, her soft breasts and curves, and her hairless vulva... It was driving him nuts. He was speechless for a moment before her mind started working again, realising that anybody could see her from the street! She didn't want all the neighbors to see her like that, after all. It quickly became apparent that this had all been for his eyes all along. And his eyes only.

Grabbing his wrist she hurried him inside and immediately told him to undress too. Few words were exchanged, and although swallowing a lump of saliva, hesitating for just a moment, not very long passed before his hard cock sprung out of his shorts. She looked at it hungrily, before turning her attention further up as he lost his shirt too. She grabbed his clothes and tossed it in the same spot that her dress laid in, and then she brought him into the bathroom. His cock bounced as much as her breasts jiggled with each step. She didn't bother closing the door to the bathroom when they went inside, knowing that nobody would be back home for hours.

Considering the intense mood she was in, she paid no heed to niceties. Despite seeing the droplet or two of precum on the tip of his cock, she ignored it for now - she was dripping slightly for herself, and felt like it was fair enough to be a little selfish for now... She put her hand on top of his head, playfully ruffling his hair before she pressed downwards. He could take a hint of course, and kneeled down in front of her. She sat on the edge of the tub that was still being filled with water, and then she spread her legs far apart. She scooted forwards a bit, allowing him all the access he could want. She had already gotten herself wet enough from the mere thought of this happening, and slight juices had stuck to her inner thigh from the little display at the front door. He gave her a last look in the eye before he reached out his tongue and licked it off of her soft inner thigh.

He kissed his way up her thighs and as she felt her pulse quickening, her face flushed with heat as his lips neared her womanhood. She threw her head back, closing her eyes as her hair dropping down her back and hanging over the water as he reached out his tongue, lapping at the pleasure center that is her clitoris. Having closed his eyes too, he ran his hands all over her thighs and hips as he began eating her out. Judging by her moans, he was an expert at it, and as his tongue found her entrance and went inside of her, she orgasmed. That was all it took! Her breathing was heavier as she rode it out, letting him taste the slight juices that were running from her wetness and directly onto his tongue. This only made him more eager, and he soon introduced a finger, and then another - completely ignoring the fact that she was climaxing. She moaned loudly this time, almost screaming as he did it, her orgasm reaching new heights of intensity as he fingered her to his knuckles.

She reached for his arm to move his fingers out of her, the pleasure way too intense to take. Despite wanting to feel more of her wet warmth, he obliged. He moved his fingers to her face. Smirking, she took them into her mouth and tasted herself, licking them completely clean until all that was left was her saliva. He felt more precum leak out of his pulsating cock as she did that, and he couldn't take it anymore. He stood up from kneeling in front of her, his needy member level with her eyes. 

Once more, she selfishly thought that niceties wasn't worth the fuzz, so instead of sucking him off like he probably expected, she reached out with a hand, moved some of the precum around his tip, and added her own spit to lube him up. She felt she was wet enough to not need any more lube than that... She scooted over a bit where the edge of the bath was wider, and then she leaned against the wall to let him get between her legs properly. Biting her lip, she stared into his eyes as he guided his penis towards her sopping cunt. Neither could think straight, condoms or any sort of protection didn't cross the mind of either one - which it really should have... Because he only barely got his tip into her warm folds before he came. His thighs trembled, and once again, not thinking straight, he pressed himself further inside of her instead of pulling out. She was close to an actual shock as she felt him cumming inside of her. One thing was to cum that quick, but it was another entirely to do it that far inside of her!

She was speechless for the time being, just staring at him, then between her legs, then at him again. He finally pulled out, his thick load of white cream slowly oozing out of her as his still-hard cock sat in the open air again. Wet with all sorts of juices at this point, a droplet of the mix landed on the floor. She cussed him out, rather angry with him, and he just stood there, trying to apologize, saying this was his first time... Both were trying to get a grip before she finally took charge - realising how turned on she was from the fact that she'd just taken his virginity. With that in mind, she didn't mind at all how quick she came... But it was still pretty bad manners to push inside of her without telling! But he was still hard as hell, so she decided that he was going to give it to her whether he felt humiliated or not.

Gently pushing him, he got onto his back on the floor. Halfway on the floor mat, his stiff dick pointed at the ceiling as she place a foot on either side of his hips. She lowered herself on top of him, and held his wet cock against her wet vagina, sitting down on it. She paid no mind to how he felt as he'd just cum inside of her. And seeing as she wasn't on any sort of pill whatsoever, she may well have just gotten knocked up - so she was going to use him in whatever way she saw fit! And that way was to currently ride the fuck out of that cock of his. And after all, it was perfectly curved to hit all her spots. So it took little time for her to go right back to the moans she was eliciting when he ate her out just now.

Being in good shape and rather fit, she luckily had the stamina to ride her poor neighbor for a good while. After about two minutes, he announced that he was going to cum again. She didn't care, and held her hands on his chest to keep him down as she continued to tide him in that steady pace of hers, her breasts jiggling with every bounce up and down. He groaned as his sensitive cock shot another load of cum inside of her, but she wasn't stopping. She kept going. He felt almost torturous pleasure at this point, way too sensitive to normally go on - but she was on top, and stronger than she looked. And she didn't care how intense it was for him as long as his cock still worked! And it did - he couldn't possibly be any harder. Despite cumming a second time within minutes, it would be impossible to really tell, the load this second time around being almost as big as the first time he came inside of her pussy. 

Not much riding later, the cum from this second orgasm slowly seeped out of her pussy along his shaft and her walls. Most ended up being used as lube, but the rest ended up running down his balls and neatly trimmed pubic mound. She kept going though, feeling oddly renewed from having more semen inside of her... But she wanted even more, and kept going. Sweat was starting to drip down her body, the hair at her temples getting wet, and tiny droplets of sweat made her naked body glisten in what can only be described as a look of pure sex.

She'd been going for a good five minutes at this point, and was starting to get way too tired in her legs. She got off of him, dripping wet with some juices sticking to her inner thighs like it was before. He was sweating too, exhausted from how she was using his overly sensitive manhood. He complained a bit to be sure, but he never told her to stop. And he didn't want to stop, either. So as she got up from him, he decided to take the lead and give her what she wanted. 

She got onto her knees on the floor, and bent over on all fours. Her rear end popped up and outwards almost, presenting itself for him. Ripe for the taking, he got behind her and with the continuous lack of niceties, he plunged himself into her waiting cunt. She moaned hard as in this position he could go deeper than before, and soon enough he got into a rhythm which she also begun countering with her hips, moving them back and forth as he slammed into her again and again.

She sounds of skin against skin almost drowned out in the midst of the sounds of their moaning. His perfectly curved cock was hitting all the right spots in this position, and not long passed before she came. She buried her face in her hands, and he only kept going which prolonged her orgasm. Slight amounts of girlcum escaped her slit, landing between her legs on the floor. He slapped her ass a couple of times as they fucked, and then leaned over to move a hand around her chest, groping at her swinging breasts. Her nipples were as stiff as his cock was, and she couldn't help but let out a few high-pitched moans when he pinched them. She loved the roughness though, and started to counter his thrusts with more effect. 

He went back to holding her by her hips and ass while they both felt like they were out of breath at any moment now. He was persistent though - she said she wanted to be fully satisfied, not halfway satisfied. So he kept going, wanting to please her now - wanting to make it worth her while. He felt like he owed her, like it was his duty to please her. And please her he did - minutes of pounding later, she was about to orgasm again. And this time, he would join her, both of them climaxing for the third time. Simultaneously his cock started to pulse in need as her walls begun to clench slightly around his length. 

He moved himself as deep into her as he could, groaning as he rope upon rope of cum was shot into her pussy. This was the strongest of her orgasms, and more girlcum than before squirted out of her this time - one or two squirts as she moaned hotly, and then the rest only dripped out of her. A tiny puddle had formed between her legs, and as he finally went flaccid and exited her for the last time, the cum from his final orgasm also ran out of her used hole. 

They mustered the strength to climb into the bath, and they laid there for a while in silence. They were just both completely exhausted. Once they finally did start chatting, they agreed they'd need to do that a lot more often...