 It was mid summer and I was house sitting for my sister, who went on a two week vacation to Disneyworld with her family. It was me and their dog Patches, in the 3 bedroom split in a Long Island suburb. I was on vacation from my job, and a lack of extra money kept me close to home. The neighborhood is very quiet and I was enjoying my evenings out on the deck and in the pool. 

 I had just come back from a late afternoon walk with Patches and I cracked open a beer. I was about to relax in the cool air conditioning when a frantic knock at the door started Patches barking.

 "Jim, I need some help. I have water all over my kitchen floor!" I answered the door to a startled, confused woman. "You're not Jim." she said.

I replied, "No. I'm Kathy's brother Joe. I'm house sitting while they're away." 

The woman then said, "Um, I'm Allison from a couple of doors down. I have a leak in my kitchen and the floor is flooded." 

"Let me get my toolbox and I'll see what I can do." I told her. 

 I got the tools from my truck and followed her to her house. There was water all over Allison's kitchen floor, and I discovered it was coming from the waterline connected to her refrigerator's water dispenser. I shut off the water from the supply line under her sink which stopped the flow. I found a loose connection in the supply line in the back of her refrigerator and tightened it. When I turned the water back on, there was no more leak. 

 I helped Allison dry the floor with a bunch of towels. I got a good look at her ass as she was down on the floor on her hands and knees. Her ass was amazing. It was perfectly shaped and a small part of her ass peeked out from the bottom of her shorts. 

 Allison and I finished drying the floor, and I helped her to her feet. Even though she was perspiring and a bit disheveled, she was a natural beauty. She appeared to be about 35 years old, 5'6" tall with brown shoulder length hair, and a tight, well formed body. Her breasts I estimated to be 36C's, and her nipples protruded slightly through her tank top. She looked at me with her sparkling sapphire blue eyes.

 Allison thanked me for assisting her and she gave me a hug. I felt her breasts press against my chest and I felt my cock twinge in my pants. Allison gave me a cold beer, and we sat at her kitchen table. We chatted for a while, and I learned that she was recently divorced and had a 6 year old son. She is also a personal trainer, which explained her fantastic body. I am 36 years old, 5'10" tall and weigh 190 lbs. I too am divorced and I am a police officer for a local police department.

 I told Allison that I would be at my sister's for the next couple of weeks, and she should come by and use the pool whenever she wanted. She thanked me again and I went back to my sister's house.

 The next afternoon I saw Allison again while I was getting the mail. It was a scorcher of a day, 93 degrees and 100 percent humidity. I told her to come over with her son and take a swim and cool off. Allison replied that her son was with his father for part of the summer, but she would be over in a few minutes.

 Allison entered the backyard and she looked fantastic! She had on a white bikini that just barely contained her tits. Her stomach was flat as a board and she has a bellybutton ring.

 I welcomed her, and I jumped into the cool water to hide my growing bulge. Allison followed, and we talked and laughed as we splashed around. I barbecued a couple of burgers for lunch and Allie made us a salad. I couldn't help but stare at this beauty as we ate, and she caught me a couple of times looking at her breasts but didn't say a word. 

 Allie and I sunned ourselves after lunch and I really enjoyed her company. We swam and chatted some more, and as the afternoon waned, Allison went back to her house. I showered and I thought about the wonderful day I just had. I couldn't get this woman out of my head. I was watching the Yankee game on the big screen when the phone rang. It was Allison.

Allie told me she made a peach pie and to come over and have some. I practically ran to to her place, and she was waiting at the door when I arrived, She smiled as she let me in, and she served me a big slice of pie with a scoop of vanilla ice cream next to it. 

 Between bites of pie, I told Allison how much I enjoyed her company, and that she was really easy to talk to. She said the same and then asked me what caused the split between me and my ex-wife. I explained to her that my ex was a distant woman who wasn't very affecionate. We never really communicated well with each other and after 10 years of marriage, we both decided that it wasn't going to work. Allie told me that her ex-husband cheated on her with a coworker of his about a year ago, and she tossed him to the curb. Stunned at what she just told me, I said, "He cheated on you? If I had a wife as gorgeous as you at home, I would never leave the house." 

 Allie grinned and mentioned that she saw me checking her out earlier. I turned red and apologized. Allie said that she was flattered that I found her attractive and that I shouldn't be sorry.

 I finished the delicious pie and Allison took my plate. She came over to me and said, "You have a bit of ice cream on your lip." and kissed it off of me. I was surprised by the boldness of her move, but she didn't hesitate to kiss me again. Her moist lips sent an electric shock through my body and caused my cock to grow. We kissed passionately at the kitchen table and Allie sat on my lap, my growing cock pressing against her firm ass. She giggled and said, "I see I have an affect on you." 

 My hands explored Allie's tits through her t-shirt and bra as we continued to kiss. Allison stood up and took me by the hand and led me to her bedroom. I stood behind her and kissed her neck, my hard cock once again pressing against her firm ass. I pulled her shirt over her head and undid her bra. It dropped to the floor and I placed both of my hands on her breasts and lightly squeezed the soft flesh. Allie turned towards me and removed my shirt. She pressed her tits against the hair on my chest and kissed me again, our tongues meeting in our mouths.

 Allie knelt in front of me and undid my shorts and pulled them down. My cock strained against my underwear, and Allie put her mouth to my hardening cock through the fabric, getting the cotton all wet. The outline of my manhood was well defined through the wetness. Allie yanked my boxerbriefs down and I stepped out of them. My stiff cock hung inches from Allie's moist lips and twitched at the anticipation of what was to come. 

 Allie took my cock into her hand and pulled on the shaft. She squeezed a drop of precum from the tip and licked it off. She bathed the head of my cock with licks and kisses and then parted her lips. She slipped the purple head inside of her wet mouth, and twirled her tongue around and over it.

 Allie took most of my hard 8 inches into her mouth. She cupped my heavy balls with her left hand, and pulled at my shaft with her right. My orgasm was getting close. Allie quickened her pace on my cock, and when I shot my first stream of cum into her warm mouth, Allie massaged my balls, milking the cum from them. I must have shot 4 or 5 jets of cum, and Allie greedily swallowed all of it. She didn't spill a drop.

 I was weak kneed and I had to sit on the edge of her bed. Allie stood in front of me and slowly stripped off her denim shorts and panties. Allie's pussy was completely smooth, except for a small well groomed patch of downy hair above it. Allie leaned down and thrust her tongue into my mouth, and I tasted my cum on her tongue and lips.

 Allie pushed me onto my back and straddled my face. She lowered her glistening pussy to my lips and I slipped my tongue inside. I tasted her sweetness and lapped at her pussy like a thirsty dog. Allie began to moan and I licked at her engorged clit. Allie Cooed, "Yeah, lick my clit. Lick me till I cum." I quickened my pace on her hard clit and then I sucked it between my lips. Allie's body stiffened and she pressed her pussy down onto my face. I hard a hard time getting air, but as she orgasmed, I opened my mouth and she oozed her sweet juice into my mouth. Allie climbed off of me and laid down next to me panting. 

 As I watched Allie's tits and hard pink nipples heaving up and down from her panting, my cock began to swell. I crawled between her legs and pressed the head of my cock into her soaked pussy. Her slippery cunt sucked my cock inside, and I didn't stop until the base of my cock met her mound. I began to fuck her slowly. Allie put her legs over my shoulders allowing me to thrust deep into her. 

 I was in heaven. Allie was letting out little yelps. She said, "I love your cock. Please fuck me harder. You feel sooooo good." I pounded into Allie's slick cunt. My head was spinning as I neared another orgasm. My balls slapped against her ass as my thrusts stretched her cunt. I grunted loudly as I emptied my seed into her hot cunt. 

Allie pushed me off of her and quickly got on her hands and knees. Allie said, "I want you in my ass! Fuck my tight ass!" I had just cum, but I was still hard. My cock was soaked with my cum and Allies pussy juices. It took a little coaxing, but I managed to get the head of my dick past her tight ass ring. Allie pushed back onto my cock slowly, and I found myself balls deep in her firm ass. Allie yelled, "Fuck my ass you bastard! Give it to me good!" 

 I needed no more encouragement and slammed into her hard. There was no easing into this. There was no romance, no teasing. I wanted to do damage, and I shoved by throbbing cock into her tight ass. Allison was whimpering as I assaulted her rectum. Allie pushed back onto me as I thrust into her, trying to get me deeper inside. "Oh you feel really good. Fuck my ass baby, it's been so long since I've been fucked this good."

I was sweating profusely as I rammed into Allie. Drops of perspiration dripped onto her ass cheeks. I slapped her ass hard as I pounded my meaty cock into her, and Allie squealed, "I'm gonna cuuummmm!" Allie screamed as she came, and I hoped none of the neighbors on this quiet block heard her. Allie reached between her legs and let her fingernails rake against my balls. Her ass muscles squeezed my aching cock and I let loose, dumping a load of hot sticky sperm into her bowels.

 Exhausted, I remained motionless as my cock spasmed and twitched in her ass. My cock grew soft, and Allie pushed me out of her. Her ass was red and gaping, and my cum oozed out of her rectum and mingled with the cum I deposited in her pussy earlier. It was seeping down both her legs leaving a sheen on them. We were both breathing hard and fell onto the bed, lying on our backs. "Wow! That was amazing." Allie finally said. 

 I could only muster a half hearted "Mmhmm." in reply. We cuddled up next to each other and fell asleep in each others arms. 

 The rest of the 2 weeks was filled with a lot more fucking. Allie and I are formally dating now and her son and I get along really well. I have finally found a woman that is affecionate and is one hell of a lover. She keeps me well satisfied and there is no chance I would ever stray on such a beautiful woman. I am the luckiest man on earth.