 "Jeff!" Cindy came running downstairs, screaming his name. "When did you put up that mirror?"

"Just today," said Jeff, looking up in surprise as Cindy came rushing towards him. "You mentioned last week that you wanted a full length mirror on that wall and I saw one at Home Depot this morning. I put it up while you were out at the garden club."

She wrapped her arms around him and stood on her toes, kissing his lips. "I didn't think you even heard me." She hugged him close and rested her head on his chest, sighing contentedly.

"I always hear you, sweetheart." Jeff placed his hands gently on her back and kissed the top of her head.

They stood together like that for a few minutes until Cindy released her hold and stepped back. She wrinkled her nose. "You smell."

Jeff shrugged. "I haven't figured out how to remodel this room without sweating in the process."

"Well hurry up and finish. Since Mom and Dad have the kids this weekend, I'd like to enjoy a night out and maybe some alone time." Cindy favored him with a seductive smile.

Jeff's eyes widened and he smiled knowingly. "Let me finish the door trim and I'll be done for the day."

"Okay!" Cindy turned around and headed towards the stairs with Jeff's eyes following her. After ten years of marriage he still loved watching her walk away. That's what first caught his eye twelve years ago and although she'd put on a little weight since then her butt was as shapely as ever. And it still swayed seductively as she walked. He'd watch her ass for hours, given the chance, and she knew it. Cindy looked over her shoulder and smiled, her eyes twinkling when she caught him watching.

"Get back to work, you dirty old man."

Jeff cut the last piece of trim and began nailing it in place, taking his time even though his mind was already on a cold beer, a hot shower, and a quiet dinner with Cindy at their favorite Italian restaurant followed by a night of lovemaking without having to worry about the kids.

"Ouch! Shitdamnsonofabitchidiotkeepyourmindonwhatyouredoing." The hammer hit his thumb and all thoughts of Cindy and sex flew from his mind as he gritted his teeth and cussed himself for not paying attention. He struggled through the last few nails, careful not to strike his thumb again, and then cleaned up the area. Although not a neat freak, Jeff liked to keep his work area clean so that he wasn't tripping over things, tracking dirt through the house, and having to search for tools.

He stopped in the laundry room on his way through the house, stripping off his sweaty clothes and walking barefoot across the tile to the kitchen where he pulled a beer from the refrigerator. "To hell with the glass," he muttered to himself, opening the bottle and taking a long pull. "Nothing like an ice cold homebrew after a hard day's work." Beer in hand, he headed toward the stairs and his shower.

When he turned the corner at the top of the stairs and saw the closed bedroom door, he knew that Cindy was in there admiring her new mirror. He smiled to himself, pleased that he could make her happy with just a few minutes' work. He pushed open the door and saw Cindy standing in front of the mirror, trying on a dress he'd never seen before.

Jeff stood naked in the door, speechless, beer and shower forgotten. Cindy was standing casually, draped in a floor-length royal blue formal dress and three inch heels. The dress was slit up to mid-thigh on one side, revealing her smooth, toned leg. The fit was snug but not constricting, clinging seductively to her butt and narrowing at her waist. Open across the shoulders, the dress was cut low enough to show a hint of the cleavage created by Cindy's C-cup breasts, and Jeff couldn't help but wonder what was supporting them since there were no bra straps to be seen. He felt the increased blood flow to his groin as he pictured himself slowly peeling the dress from her body, kissing each bit of uncovered skin before lowering her to the floor and making slow passionate love.

"Jeff, does this dress make my butt look fat?"

"Uh huh. Huge. Gigantic. It's the biggest, fattest, most beautiful butt in the world."

It was an old joke between them. Early in their marriage she used to ask that about every new piece of clothing: "Does this make my butt look fat?" Being smarter than your average fool, Jeff always said "No." But she would continue, telling him how fat her ass was while he would disagree. One day he finally got fed up and said, "Okay, your butt looks fat. Now stop asking me."

Cindy looked at him, horror-stricken, her eyes filling with tears. Jeff stepped forward and took her in his arms. "Sweetheart, your butt is perfect. It doesn't look fat to me no matter what you're wearing and I can't stand you telling me that you think it's too big. I love you. And your butt. Since you won't believe me when I tell you that it doesn't look fat, from now on whenever you ask I'm going to tell you that you have the biggest, fattest, loveliest ass in the world."

Tears forgotten, she laughed at that and slapped him, and stopped worrying about the size of her butt. She'd still ask Jeff if she looked fat, but only because she liked to hear his compliments from time to time. At 35, she still worked out three times per week and looked better than a lot of women do at 25.

Cindy turned towards him and struck a pose. "Do you like the dress?"

Jeff felt himself getting more aroused as he stepped forward. "You look lovely," he said, gazing into her eyes. He reached out to cup her cheek and ran his hand down over her jaw and neck. He paused with his hand at the top of the dress, one finger exploring her deep cleavage. He leaned in to kiss her but she put her hand on his chest and pushed him away.

"You smell," she said, adding "big boy" as her eyes dropped and she reached out to grasp his half-erect penis. "No way you're getting this dress dirty. Hit the shower." She took the beer out of his hand and drank deeply.

"Pushy and a beer thief. Remind me why I married you."

"Maybe I'll remind you later," she said, giving his penis a gentle squeeze and placing the cold beer bottle against his chest.

Jeff took the beer from Cindy's hand and tipped it to his lips, taking a few large swallows while he walked around the wall that separated the bathroom from the bedroom.

Cindy stood in front of the mirror, admiring how she looked in the dress she'd bought for the company's holiday party. The party wasn't for another three months, but when she saw the dress one day at the mall she just had to try it on. It fit so well that she purchased it right then. It sure beat rushing around the week before the party, trying to find something to wear. "Guys have it easy," she thought. "They can wear the same tuxedo year after year."

"Not too bad for an old lady with three kids," said Cindy to her reflection. She ran her hands down her sides to smooth the dress and then turned sideways to view the profile, her hands coming up over her stomach and lifting her breasts. "No, not bad at all."

Cindy heard the shower door sliding open and the squeak of faucets as Jeff turned on the shower. Peering around the corner, she was just in time to see Jeff's naked butt disappearing into the shower stall. She never got tired of looking at her husband. He still kept in shape at 38, running and bicycling and working out at the gym a couple of days per week. He didn't have the rippling stomach he'd had when they got married, but she still found him very attractive. Seeing him naked like that, casually displaying his body for her, brought forth thoughts of the countless times they'd enjoyed each other in bed. And in other places, before the kids came.

Like many married couples with children, Jeff and Cindy had difficulty finding time to fully enjoy sex. They still made love often enough, but usually it was confined to their bedroom late at night when the kids were asleep, and often with her gritting her teeth or stuffing a pillow in her mouth to muffle her cries of pleasure. The long lazy naked weekends of sex, cuddling, picnics by the fireplace, and making love throughout the house were gone. They had settled into a routine that was comfortable but vaguely unsatisfying. Cindy was hoping to revisit those more active times over the weekend while the children were visiting their grandparents.

Returning to the walk-in closet, Cindy selected a new pair of jeans and a sweater that she'd bought at the end-of-winter sale. Dressing herself quickly, she walked back to the mirror to examine the ensemble. She giggled at herself, primping in front of her mirror like a kid playing with a new toy. "I really do look good," she thought, turning to the left and right to confirm that the jeans flattered rather than fattened her backside. Remembering the way that Jeff was always admiring her body, she thought, "I wonder how Jeff would like me..."

She glanced at Jeff's form in the shower as she headed back to the closet. He was washing his hair, which meant that he'd be out soon. She quickly stripped off the jeans and sweater, placing them on the hooks that Jeff had added to the closet when he remodeled the year before. She removed her bra and stepped out of her panties, then reached for the negligee that she had picked out to surprise her husband with on his birthday. The light blue silk was delicate in her hands as she carefully pulled it over her head, feeling it caress her skin and whisper over her nipples. Grabbing the matching robe, she hurried back to the mirror, the bottom of the garment fluttering around her thighs.

Cindy stood in front of the mirror, examining herself with a critical eye. The shower stopped and she heard the door open, Jeff stepping out. Reaching up to cup her breasts, she wrapped her fingers and thumbs around her nipples and pinched them lightly, making herself shiver. The negligee was opaque enough to hide the details, but it accentuated her stiffened nipples and allowed a hint of the curves underneath. When she heard Jeff step to the sink and turn on the water, she knew that he was finished drying himself and that the towel was most likely wrapped around his waist.

"Jeff, could you come here for a minute?"

"What, honey?" Jeff stepped around the wall holding his toothbrush, his mouth still foaming with toothpaste. He turned and stopped three feet in front of his wife.

"What do you think?" Cindy stood facing him, the mirror forgotten. With the robe on and tied she looked ready for a quiet evening at home. But the thin material, her hardened nipples visible even through the robe, and the seductive smile lighting up her eyes told Jeff what she had in mind.

"I think I need to rinse," he said, hurrying back around the wall where he spat, rinsed, turned off the water, and returned drying his hands on the towel he was wearing.

Stopping in front of her, Jeff held his wife's gaze for a few seconds and then drew his eyes slowly down her neck and over her body draped in silk. She felt him pause to examine her breasts, the nipples poking out even through the robe, and then falling slowly to her waist, the curve of her hips, and down to her feet. She could see his towel beginning to tent as his eyes came up to hers again. He stepped forward, reaching out and grasping the ends of the sash.

"With the robe, sweetheart, but without the belt," he said, pulling the ends and letting the robe fall open. "You look stunning." He smiled and brushed his lips over hers.

Cindy sighed at the touch of his lips on hers and stepped forward into the kiss just as Jeff's hands came up under the robe to rest lightly at the small of her back. She tilted her head back, moving her fingers along the edge of the towel and wrapping her arms around him. Parting her lips slightly, she closed her eyes and surrendered herself to their kiss.

Jeff loved kissing his wife, and made it a point to do so as often as possible. She threw herself completely into every kiss: a light touch of the lips and his arms around her, her body relaxing and molding to his, surrendering to his warm embrace. He couldn't get enough of the sweet taste of her, her soft moans as he held her close, and the feel of her lips closing around his tongue as he began to probe.

They kissed lightly for a few moments until Jeff pulled back slightly. With his hands on her hips, he turned Cindy to face the mirror and stepped behind her. "You're beautiful," he said, reaching up to pull the robe off her shoulders and letting it fall to the floor around their feet. "Did I ever tell you how much I like looking at you?"

Cindy stood looking at herself in the mirror, her body covered with the light blue negligee. She looked up and saw Jeff's gaze moving slowly up from her feet, over her toned and tanned legs. Her eyes followed his, seeing his appreciation of her shape. He took her hands in his, lacing his fingers through hers, and brought them up to rest on her hips.

"Such delicious curves," he said, moving their hands in to her waist and over her stomach. She felt the filmy material under her palms rubbing against her skin as their hands moved. "I just love touching you. Let me show you why." She watched in the mirror as Jeff guided their hands over her body, crossing their arms to touch her sides and then hugging her tight with his chest pressed against her back. "You're so soft and warm," he whispered in her ear, "how could I not want to touch you?"

Cindy blushed at the praise, a shiver going through her body as Jeff guided her hands over her skin. He'd held her like this many times before while whispering in her ear, but never while standing in front of a mirror so that she could see the appreciation in his eyes and follow their path over her body. She watched his eyes closely, the way they moved and then lingered in one place, a look of concentration on his face as he seemed to be memorizing every curve before moving on to the next feature. She continued to blush and to get more excited as their hands moved up to cup her breasts.

"And your breasts. They're perfect." He positioned her hands so that they cupped her breasts. "I love to hold them, to feel their weight and have them mold into my hands." He moved her hands up, palms brushing lightly over her nipples and then wrapping her hands around the firm globes. "Feel your nipples pressing into your palms. That always excites me, to know that you enjoy my touch."

Jeff reached up to touch her face lightly and turn her head. As his lips found hers, their tongues escaping to taste and to play together, he moved his hand over hers again. Eyes closed, they tasted each other. She could feel his erection against the small of her back and she closed her eyes. Then opened them and gasped when Jeff took her nipples between their fingers and pinched lightly. "Jeff," she started to say, but he covered her mouth with his and kissed her deeply as he continued to move their intertwined fingers over her nipples.

Cindy was incredibly aroused now and she could feel herself getting wet. After ten years of marriage Jeff knew how to excite her, and this new sensation of touching herself while he guided her hands was an unexpected thrill. She began to control her own movements, wriggling her fingers out of his grasp and pulling her nipples, kissing Jeff deeply and moaning into his mouth as she guided their hands over her body.

This was new territory for both. Each knew, or at least suspected, that the other masturbated, but they had never watched each other or even discussed it. Jeff always fantasized about watching Cindy put on a show for him, but he didn't know how to ask. He stood there now, hands lightly resting on hers as his wife continued to caress her own breasts. Breaking their kiss, he caught her eyes in the mirror.

Up until this point Cindy had been going with the flow, enjoying the feelings. She hadn't even realized it when she took control of her own hands and began to tease her nipples the way she did when she was alone. She almost stopped when she saw herself in the mirror, but something in Jeff's eyes--a lustful look that she remembered from the past when they were just learning about each other--changed her mind. She knew now that watching her excited Jeff. She smiled at him and leaned back so that he was supporting most of her weight. She resumed caressing her breasts while Jeff watched, his hands following hers and her eyes watching the amazed and aroused expression on his face.

Jeff placed his hands on her shoulders and slowly moved them down her arms to her elbows. He placed his palms on either side of her ribs and smoothed the negligee as his hands slid down to her hips. He pulled her back against his chest, whispering, "beautiful," in her ear as he held her gaze in the mirror.

Slowly, he moved his arms down her legs, palms sliding on the silky cloth until his fingers brushed the warm soft skin of her thigh. Cindy's breath caught. She tweaked her nipples and moaned as Jeff's fingers moved under the negligee, rotating in to caress her inner thigh. That part of her body had always been especially sensitive, and it took Jeff many months to learn just how to touch her--heavy enough not to tickle, but light enough to thrill. He would tease her for what seemed like hours sometimes, moving his fingers to within millimeters of her lips and then slowly caressing back to her knees, always varying the speed of his movements and the heaviness of his touch. She would beg him please to touch her, to slide his fingers between her moist lips or stroke her clit and bring her the release that she so craved.

Those encounters were all too infrequent since the kids came, but the memory combined with Jeff's fingers moving playfully through the neatly trimmed hair covering her mound caused a shudder to ripple through her body and she moaned deep in her throat.

Jeff smiled at her in the mirror and moved his hands down, gently urging her to spread her legs. With his palms on her thighs, his fingers traced the juncture between leg and torso. He could feel the moist warmth emanating from her core and her body shivering in anticipation of his touch. She was so wet that when his fingers came together they slipped between her lips with no resistance. She gasped and her knees buckled. If Jeff hadn't been holding her she would have fallen to the floor in a heap.

Jeff pulled her quickly to her feet, his hands moving up her body underneath the negligee to rest just below her full breasts. Holding her tightly, he stepped back, guiding her the three small paces to the edge of the bed. As he helped her to sit between his outstretched legs, his towel fell open. He pulled the gossamer cloth over her head, tossing it to the floor in front of them. They came to rest facing the mirror, naked, her sitting on the towel at the edge of the bed between his legs, his full erection trapped between his stomach and her back. Their hands, together again, rested in her lap. They looked at each other in the mirror and smiled hesitantly, neither knowing quite what to do next.

His chin on her shoulder, Jeff broke the brief awkward silence by squeezing her upper arms, pressing her breasts together. Looking down at her ample cleavage, he guided her hands to her distended nipples. "Did I ever tell you how much I love your breasts?"

"You might have mentioned it a time or two, " she laughed, "but I like hearing you say it. And," she said, smiling wickedly at him in the mirror as she pushed back against his hard shaft, "I like feeling you say it, too." She lightly stroked her nipples and watched in the mirror as Jeff looked on with rapt attention.

Cindy offered no resistance other than a small sigh when Jeff pulled her hands away from her breasts. Guiding her palms down across her stomach, he wrapped his fingers between hers and pushed their joined hands between her legs. She gasped when their fingers crossed her mound and she felt the wetness of her own excitement. But when she looked into the mirror and saw what they were doing, she stiffened.
