 She'd felt sexy all day.

She'd woken up that way... feeling that if she didn't have an orgasm soon she may explode... and now having the house all to herself for a few hours she would make the most of it. It wasn't her ideal of course, doing it on her own but it was better than nothing . She wanted him there, making love to her but she knew that was impossible. She wondered what he was doing, whether he was thinking of her too...

She'd opted for a long bath rather than a shower and had enjoyed the luxuriant oils in the warm water flowing all around her body while she lay there... her mind gently dreaming of making love while her hands caressed herself. It was all she could do to stop herself masturbating there and then. Her fingers moving over her body, teasing herself into arousal. She wished he was here to join her in the bath and she closed her eyes and imagined him watching her as she touched herself... she knew he liked that.

It was while she dried herself that she had the wicked idea.

It was such a deliciously wicked idea that she just couldn't resist it and her pussy moistened at the very thought...

She would dress for him even though he wasn't there. She would imagine turning him on as if he was.

She walked from the bathroom to the bedroom imagining all the way... she imagined the peep-hole that he looked at her through... imagined him watching her as she moved gracefully... imagined his eyes longingly looking at her towel wrapped body... imagined the beginnings of his erection as he followed her every move.

She looked at herself in the mirror. She was sexy. She felt sexy . She gazed at her own full length image. This was what he saw... as if she were seeing through his eyes and knew just how sexy she was and how turned on he'd be, watching her. That appealed to her. The power that she had over him now... his mounting desire... his ever hardening cock...

She knew what she was going to wear for him... she knew what really turned him on...

She reached into her bedroom drawer and pulled out the sheerest stockings she could find... black and sexy... she imagined him watching... 

The material was so sheer it felt warm to the touch. She held it up to her cheek and ran it softly over her skin... the towel dropped away revealing her body to him. Her heart began to race....

Feeling the stocking on her face made her understand just why it turned him on. It felt sensuous...

Erotic... so she moved from her face to her neck... then lower still... all the time watching her own movements in the mirror... now down further to her upper chest... then tracing to outline of her breasts... her nipples ached to be touched.... but that would come later.

She remembered her lover watching her... she reached into the drawer again and pulled out her garter belt and deftly put it on to herself before sliding the first stocking on. She looked at her reflection... her long leg encased in black nylon... then the second... her legs now captured by the sensuous material. She ran her hands down her thighs and knew why he liked it so much...

Her pussy ached to be touched...

Could she be so naughty?... yes she could, she was here on her own... just her and him.. watching her every move....

The feeling of wickedness increased as she put on the highest heeled shoes she could find and watched in the mirror as her already long legs grew before her eyes. What an image she was now, tall and sexy standing there in nothing but stockings and stilettos. She knew he was hard now, touching himself...wanting her... 

She crossed the room to the wardrobe now.. her hips swaying with the confidence of sexuality and pulled her slinky black dress out. It was almost too daring to wear.... buttons down the front...... buttons that she imagined him opening... 

She pulled it on and moved back to the mirror.... god, she looked stunning... she toyed with him again as she slowly did up the buttons, beginning with the lowest.... watching in the mirror as her soft flesh disappeared from view...until she reached the top ones... 

She left just enough undone to show a tantalising view of her breasts... then she undid one more. The shapely curves of her body now apparent. She ran her hands over the dress. Upwards from her hips until she cupped her breasts... she wished it were his hands. She moved them slowly, feeling her nipples hardening to her own touch... fingers tantalising her body... she slipped one hand inside the open dress and gently squeezed the hardness she found there. Oh.. that felt good... rubbing and softly squeezing... She knew she was wet now... both hands now exploring her shape... touching, teasing herself... watching herself through his eyes...

She lifted one leg onto the bed and steadied herself, noticing the glimpse of stocking as she did so and imagined him playing with his hard cock as he watched. More buttons undone now... her body reappearing in the mirror... her tummy... her pussy... her stocking clad legs...

One hand moving slowly down her skin...teasing all the way. She caressed her long black thigh, feeling the sensuousness of her stockings... inside of her thigh...and upwards... Her pussy yearned to be touched.... her fingers keen to oblige now... she teased herself more... before gently moving on to her aching sex. 

She was dripping with desire.. her breath caught as she touched it, fingers moving over her self... dipping into her own wetness. Her eyes now unable to watch the erotic picture in front of her, closed as waves of pleasure began to flow over her.

A soft breeze ran across her face.

Gentle hands touched her shoulders.

A warm kiss on her soft neck.

Her heart skipped a beat as she opened her eyes and saw him standing behind her in the mirror.

Her head swam... as he slowly slipped the dress from her shoulders, letting it fall to the floor.

She didn't care how or why. He was here. Standing behind her, naked, his arousal all too apparent.

His hardness pushed into the crack of her ass. Hard and wet with pre-cum. Her fingers were unable to stop themselves moving, faster and faster on herself as she now became voyeur... watching her own erotic movie in the mirror. His hand moved down her chest, joining hers on her breast. Two sets of fingers now teasing her erect nipple... his kisses burning into her neck and throat.

He looked at her and their eyes met in the glass... she could see the urgency in his stare and that realisation drew her even further on. Her body felt on fire. She watched as his hand now guided hers from her breast down her skin to join her other... in the mirror now three hands dipping into her hot, wet pussy... the sight was so erotic, it nearly drove her over the edge... but still he continued... 

... still their fingers moved together... she was dripping wet.

With his other hand he felt her thigh, caressed her silky leg and she watched him do it. Now his eyes unable to tear themselves away from her image she looked as his hand moved behind her. She felt his fingers softly run down the wet crease of her ass... downward... downward... moving... touching.... brushing against her soft, sensitive anus. She gasped... for a second she wanted it to linger there. Their wetness now so great she knew he would only have to gently push his fingers and they would have simply slid in to her... but she watched in the mirror as his fingers appeared beneath her at the entrance to her pussy to join the others in their erotic dance. 

Now a new sensation... his erection moving down her ass with it's wetness... running down between her cheeks... slipping, sliding on it's way... He paused and let it slide against the wet opening of her anus as if teasing her to say 'yes'... but she was unable to speak now. Her breath was as irregular as her heartbeat as she felt her oncoming orgasm fast approaching... She looked at the wicked picture they made in the mirror... and she knew she couldn't hold back much longer...watched as she saw his fingers gently open the lips of her pussy... readying it... she saw his cock slide towards her opening... saw the hard tip of it dip into her... just a little... teasing to the end.

It was almost the last thing she had control over. Her orgasm rushed over her as she finally saw him bury his cock into her up to the hilt. Her muscles lost contrl as the waves of pleasure crashed into her.

She moaned aloud as their fingers carried on working her clit...

The spasms were so great her legs began to give, but he held her up and she opened her eyes to see his soaking cock slipping easily in and out of her pussy. As the trembling died away, he lowered them both on their sides, to the bed and they lay there, his arms still enfolding her.

All the aching had gone now and what remained was an overwhelming warmth as she slowly drifted off to sleep.

When she woke it was dark. She was alone in bed, but someone had tucked her in.