 The phone rang. "Good afternoon, Hillbrooke Financial Planning, Julia Brennan speaking." 

"Hi Julia, it's Phil," came the reply. 

"Why hello again Mr. Douglas. What can I do for you today?" asked Julia playfully. 

"I was just wondering if you were busy tonight?" he asked. 

"Not especially no, why?" 

Phil chuckled, "Well I was thinking of making some more investments. One fairly sizeable and a couple of smaller ones." 

"And I take it you've got a particular figure in mind?" Julia responded coyly" 

"Oh yes, Ms. Brennan, I have indeed," said Phil, "and a pretty good idea as to where I'd like to invest my deposits!" 

Julia laughed. "OK then. About seven o' clock?" 

"That would be ideal," replied Phil. "Seven o' clock at my place it is." 

"OK, see you then. Bye." 

"Bye" 

Smiling, Julia replaced the receiver on its cradle. She let her gaze wander idly around the office and reflected yet again how much her life had changed. She'd spent the last two years carving out a niche for herself as a successful financial planner. At 27 she could now say that she finally had the kind of life that she's aspired to all those years ago when she left home to start University. A good job that paid well and had good prospects, her own house in a nice area of town and Phil. There was a slight bittersweet flavour to her relationship with Phil. It wasn't that he was married and that she was merely his mistress. That didn't bother Julia, she wasn't looking for a full time relationship. It was the fact that he was a link to her past. Much as she enjoyed being with him, he would always be a reminder of the darkest period in her life when she, Julia, the rising career woman had been forced to sell her body as a common prostitute just to earn enough money to survive. 

Those had been the bad times. A mountain of debt coinciding with her graduating at a time when jobs were in poor supply had forced her to that existence but she had survived. Not just survived but had done well enough that by the time she'd finally managed to get a job she's not only cleared her debts but had already saved a large enough deposit to put down on her house and a large part of that money had come from Phil and men like him. 

Poor old Phil, she thought to herself. Phil the kind, generous and moderately wealthy man with a beautiful yet sexually inhibited wife. A wife for whom sex was simply a chore to be endured. It was his need for sexual satisfaction that had driven him to visit a prostitute and that was how they'd met. For almost three years Phil had visited her, paying Julia handsomely to perform the kind of sexual acts his wife found repugnant. Julia smiled when she considered that Karin found just about everything that didn't involve the missionary position with the lights off repugnant. When Julia had finally given up the streets two years ago she found that she couldn't bring herself to give up Phil and that had ultimately resulted in her becoming his mistress. They're relationship remained fundamentally the same only now, where once she received money, she now received gifts of lingerie, expensive bottles of perfume, nice meals in fancy restaurants and weekends away in country hotels. 

Julia arrived at Phil's just after seven. She was dressed in her "street" clothes, black fishnet stockings and high heeled, calf length boots, a short, tight black leather skirt and a tight denim jacket, a red plunge neck top and cleavage enhancing bra completed the look. Phil opened the door and smiled. Stepping across the threshold, Julia stood on tiptoe to kiss him. The kiss was passionate and lingering, his lips pressed firmly against hers. Julia felt his body stiffen in response and she let herself be led into the house. 

In the living room, Phil's hands were all over her. She tugged at his trousers as he lifted her top, pushing aside her bra to reveal her breasts. "And I suppose this was the figure you had in mind?" asked Julia as Phil's hands cupped and softly squeezed her breasts. Phil laughed then bent forward to flick his tongue over her nipples. 

Julia murmured contentedly as Phil explored her breasts with his mouth. She finally managed to release his flies and pushed his trousers and boxer shorts down over his hips. Phil gasped silently as Julia began stroking his dick with her long, delicate fingers and then he fastened his lips around a nipple and sucked it into his mouth. "Oh yes! Suck my tits!" Julia demanded urgently as her fingers slid up and down his shaft. Phil responded by sucking hard, drawing as much of her breast into his mouth as he could. He squeezed the other with his hand, flicking his thumb roughly over the nipple, causing Julia to emit a startled "Oooh!" of pleasure. 

They half fell on to the sofa. Julia slipped off her jacket and pulled her top off over her head. She sat stride Phil and leaned forward, smothering his face with her breasts. Phil's tongue lapped over the soft fleshy globes as he tugged the straps of her bra down over her shoulders, giving him better access. Julia felt her desire mount. Her pussy was wet and crying out to be filled. Slowly she reached back. As Phil feasted on her breasts, she grabbed his cock and began to flick it back and forth along her slit. She moaned softly as its head brushed against her clit. "I want to feel this in my cunt," she whispered into Phil's ear as she positioned the tip at her entrance. 

"Oh Julia!" exclaimed Phil as she slowly pushed her hips back, taking his cock into the warm, wet confines of her cunt. 

"Mmmm," murmured Julia as she slowly impaled herself on his dick, feeling the walls of her cunt stretch to accommodate him as she slid down his shaft. 

As Julia began to move up and down, she reflected briefly on this one change in their relationship Despite having had sex with Phil regularly for almost five years it was only since she'd become his mistress that he'd let himself fuck her pussy. Before that, when she provided him with sex as a commodity, he'd only ever fucked her arse. He still did, and to be honest, now that she did it voluntarily instead of for money, Julia was forced to admit that she enjoyed it, but having him inside her cunt was special, it was the one bit of their relationship that wasn't rooted in her past. 

"God you feel good tonight," breathed Phil, bringing Julia out of her reverie. She thrust her hips up and down, contracting the walls of her cunt to grip him as she rode his thick cock. She moaned as he squeezed her nipples with his fingers. He sighed as she ground herself against his cock, her tight leather skirt hitched up around her waist. 

Up and down, over and over, her pussy worked its way along his shaft. Below her, Phil attempted to thrust, deepening the penetration of each movement of her hips. 

Phil's breathing deepened. "Yes," purred Julia encouragingly. "Cum for me baby. Pump your load into my cunt. I want to feel you explode inside me." She increased her pace, bouncing furiously up and down on his cock. 

"Julia! Oh Julia!" moaned Phil, "I can't hold on! I ca... ooohh!" Julia felt his cock begin to twitch inside her. Sinking down so that he was buried fully inside her, she felt his cock release its load of hot, sticky cum into her. She kissed him passionately, her tongue probing into his mouth as his cum pulsed out of his dick to flood her pussy. As Phil's climax subsided she smiled down at him with a dreamy look of contentment in her eyes. 

After a few moments Julia got up. She knelt down in front of him and took his cock into her mouth. She sucked hungrily as she cleaned his cum and her juices from his shaft. When she'd completed that task she pressed one hand to her cunt, catching his cum as it trickled out of her. She raised her fingers to her lips and sucked them suggestively into her mouth. "Mmm," she murmured contentedly, "that tastes good." 

"Glad to have been of service," replied Phil. 

"So where is Karin tonight?" asked Julia. 

Phil laughed, "Trust you to ask!" he said. "If you must know she's gone to Dublin for her sister's hen weekend, meaning little old me is stuck here on my own until Monday. Unless you can come up with any suggestions, of course." 

"I'm sure I could come up with something," she laughed, "but I do have to go into the office at some point tomorrow," she added. 

"I guess I can live with that," replied Phil pretending to be a little grumpy. 

"Good. Now I'd quite like to take a shower" 

"Be my guest," responded Phil, "and while you do that I'll fix us something to eat." 

Julia nodded and made her way through to the bathroom. Switching on the shower she removed her skirt, kicked off her boots and stepped out of her stockings before climbing under the hot spray. Her body tingled as the water gently massaged her skin. Once she'd washed she unhooked the shower head from the wall and aimed it at her pussy. As the hot jet of water sprayed against her clit she felt the walls of her cunt contract and seconds later she came, crying out as her clit responded to the water's caress. Julia's fingers rubbed at her clit as she strove to prolong the sensations. Reluctantly she forced herself to stop, too much now and she wouldn't be able to fully enjoy Phil's attentions. Julia stepped out of the shower and quickly dried herself. Then, wrapping the towel around her she walked through to the kitchen to rejoin Phil. 

She found him sat at the table, naked apart from an apron. "Dinner is served," he said with a smile. 

The meal was eaten quickly and for the most part silently. When she had finished Julia complimented Phil on his cooking. Then she adjusted the towel slightly and parted her legs. Stoking her labia she said suggestively, "And I suppose you expect me to provide dessert?" Phil simply nodded as he stood up, walked round to where Julia sat and knelt down between her legs. 

Phil ran his tongue up the inside of Julia's thighs, first one then the other. Each time he brought his mouth closer and closer without ever reaching his goal. Julia whimpered with anticipation each time Phil's mouth approached her pussy only to draw away again at the final moment. Julia let the towel slip away from her body. "Stop teasing and eat my fucking pussy!" she complained as Phil's tongue slipped away once more. 

Phil continued to tease, enduring Julia's increasingly vocal complaints as her frustration grew. "C'mon eat me," she begged, "fuck me with your tongue." Then, plaintively she added, "Please eat my pussy, ple...oooh!" A shiver ran up her spine as Phil pushed his tongue between her moist lower lips. 

"Mmm, you taste good," said Phil appreciatively before flicking his tongue over her clit. Julia gasped as Phil's tongue darted in and out of her cunt. Her hands fell to her breasts and she began to cup and squeeze them. She pinched her nipples as Phil's tongue lapped at her pussy with broad strokes. She began to murmur incoherently as the sensations in her clit spread to engulf her. Phil's mouth fastened on her clit, sucking it between his lips as his tongue flicked over its swollen tip. "Mmm yesss!" purred Julia as a warm glow began to suffuse through her body. 

Phil savoured the taste of Julia's juices as his tongue explored every crevice of her pussy. He returned his attention to her clit. Julia moaned as he slowly inserted two fingers into her cunt. He felt the walls of her pussy contract to grip them as he twisted his fingers around inside her. He inserted a third and was rhythmically fucking her with his fingers as his tongue teased her clit. When his fingers were sufficiently lubricated he slipped them out of her cunt. "Ohhh!" Exclaimed Julia as she felt his index finger press against the resistance of her arsehole. He pushed one finger in then an other. Julia wriggled as Phil pumped his fingers in and out of her arse while, all the time, his tongue beat a steady rhythm on her clit. 

Julia knew her climax was approaching. She pinched and pulled her nipples as Phil fucked her arse with his fingers. She felt her womb begin to contract, sending spasms of pleasure coursing through her. "Yesss, Oh yesss!" she breathed exultantly as her climax took hold. She shook her head from side to side as Phil's tongue beat on her engorged clit. Her body began to shake uncontrollably. Phil removed his fingers from her arsehole and concentrated his attentions on her clit, sucking it into his mouth. Julia grabbed his head pressing his mouth harder against her. Every touch of his tongue sending another bolt of pleasure through her. She was moaning in response to his every touch, her orgasm possessed her utterly. 

At last, Julia could take no more. "Stop! she cried. "Stop! I want you to fuck me. I want to feel your cock inside me." 

Phil removed his tongue. Forcing her body to respond, Julia stood up and leant against the table, bracing herself against it for support. Phil stood up and positioned himself behind her. Grabbing Julia's hips he thrust his cock deep into her cunt with a single thrust. Julia's hips moved back to meet his thrust. "Unh, mmm," she sighed as his cock began to piston in and out of her cunt. 

Resting her body on the table, Julia's hands caressed her breasts as Phil's cock pounded her cunt. Her body still trembled in the after glow of her recent orgasm as Phil's cock slid in and out. Her pussy flexed involuntarily against him as he drove his dick deep into her cunt with strong, powerful strokes. "Fuck me!" she cried, "Fill my cunt with your cock!" 

Phil's hands gripped Julia's hips tightly as he drove his cock into her. "Do you like my cock in your cunt?" he asked. 

"Yes!" came the reply. 

"Do you want my cock in your arse?" he asked. 

"Oh God yes!" replied Julia. "Stick your cock up my arse. Fuck me there please." 

"You want it up the arse?" 

"Yes! Fuck my arse! Please fuck my arse!!" 

Phil withdrew his cock from Julia's cunt. Slowly he began to press his well lubricated cock against her other entrance. Julia began to push her hips back. She felt the tip of his cock push past the resistance of her anus as it began to slip into her bowel. "Mmm, yes, fuck me, "she sighed, "fuck my arse and fuck it hard!" 

Phil jabbed his cock deep into Julia's arse. Her hips moved back to meet each thrust. Julia moaned as Phil's balls slapped against her enflamed labia. With one hand she rubbed her clit, occasionally dipping a finger into her pussy as Phil's cock stroked in and out of her back passage. She felt her knees weaken as another orgasm began to build within her. Her body shook, she thrust her hips back, taking Phil's cock deep into her rectum. "Oh God! Oh God! Oh Phil! Oooooh!" she cried as her climax engulfed her. 

Phil could feel the intensity of Julia's climax as he thrust his cock into her arse. he felt his scrotum begin to tighten as his own orgasm approached. Without warning, he pulled his cock out of her. "Turn round", he demanded, "I want to cum all over your tits!" Julia forced herself to obey and sank to her knees in front of Phil. Phil groaned as he furiously pumped his dick with his hand. "Oh shit, I'm cumming, hear it comes!" he roared as his cock began to erupt. 

The first jet struck Julia across the face. Phil altered his aim and sent the rest of his load spraying over her breasts. Julia massaged his cum into her skin, occasionally lifting her fingers to her mouth and licking them clean. Phil stepped forward and wiped the last drops of his cum in Julia's hair. He sat down beside her and she turned her cum streaked face to him and smiled. Phil kissed her tenderly on the lips. "What time do you have to be in tomorrow?" he asked. 

"No particular time, so long as I'm in before lunch, why?" she asked. 

"Well," replied Phil, "I was going to suggest you stayed the night but I thought you'd want to go home and get changed as I imagine you'd get a few funny looks if you turned up dressed as you were when you arrived here." 

Julia laughed. "You're very probably right," she said. "Would you mind dropping me off at my place in the morning?" she asked. 

"Not at all," replied Phil. 

"Well then," said Julia, "why don't we go and get ourselves cleaned up and then we can go to bed