 It was supposed to be a magical Easter for Rosalyn and me. I had planned it all out but things hadn't gone according to plan. Easter had come and gone but I was still looking for that fucking egg. I had carefully counted them before I had filled and hidden them and there should have been twenty-four eggs, two packs of twelve. Of course, Rosalyn didn't find the special egg that I had hidden just for her.

"I think that's all of them," she giggled, looking over the yard one last time before she shrugged in defeat.

"That can't be all of the eggs! How many do you have?" I was puzzled but I knew we'd figure it out. We always did. I watched as Rosalyn counted the eggs a couple of times before announcing that there were exactly twenty-three eggs in her basket.

"There's one more. It's the big one!"

"It's big?" Rosalyn's eyes widened as she imagined the egg as larger than it really was.

"No, it's the same size as the others. It's just what's inside that's special. It's a big deal, not a big size."

"Oh, so a fun-sized surprise! I get it! Now let me see here." She began her quest to find the missing egg but after exactly twelve minutes of watching her search, I realized that something was wrong. I knew exactly where I had hidden that special egg but when I looked to where I had hidden it, it wasn't there.

"What the fuck?" I said out loud as I realized the problem. I couldn't believe this was happening. It was supposed to be a special day for Rosalyn and I but I had somehow screwed it up. I walked over to the spot where I knew I had hidden that egg and I stared right at it. There was no egg. There was nothing. I was in shock! Where had my special egg gone?

"You look upset," Rosalyn began, "Are you mad at me? Did I not do a good job finding the eggs?"

"You did a great job. It's my fault. I seem to have lost track of a certain egg but that's okay. We'll find it, don't worry."

"When will we find it?"

"I guess when we find it." I looked for a few more minutes but we had some family to go see and by the time we got back home I tried my best to keep looking for that egg but it just wasn't meant to be. I couldn't find it. Easter was over and my plan hadn't worked. Now I would have to figure out another plan but I still needed that fucking egg back.

I got up early before Rosalyn so I could search the yard for the egg. I searched for what felt like hours and I never did find that egg. I lay out on the grass, defeated by the loss. I had been trying to do something nice, something romantic that Rosalyn would never forget. I had bought her a sparkling diamond ring, a real one, and put it in that fucking egg for her to find. Except now I couldn't find it and I was panicking.

I had rehearsed how I would ask Rosalyn to marry me a million times but I had never been more terrified or more prepared than I had been on Easter morning. Rosalyn already had her headband with bunny ears on before she even got out of bed. She smiled at me as I helped her out of bed and handed her the little basket that she would use to find the eggs.

"I made an egg hunt for you," I told her, stopping only to give her the kind of kiss that romance movies are made of. I loved Rosalyn with all of my heart and soul. We'd been dating for almost two years and we lived together. I figured it was time to ask her to make it official and what better day than her favorite holiday? It would have been the perfect marriage proposal if it had gone as planned.

I lay in the grass, deep in thought. I tried to make peace with the fact that I had lost a plastic egg in my backyard that was going to cost me a lot of money whether she said yes or no. I was terrified that Rosalyn would say no. After all, there were a lot of things that were keeping us apart. Her family didn't like me much. My family wasn't really crazy about anyone I brought around. What if she didn't want me? What if this was God's way of telling me not to ask her?

"Baby?" Rosalyn's voice startled me.

"Yeah?" I called to her.

"We need to talk."

"Okay, sure. What do you want to talk about?" I encouraged her.

"How much do you love me?" she asked.

"A fuck ton, of course. I love you to death."

"I love you too."

"Yeah, so what is all this about?" I pulled her to me and kissed her deeply. I wanted her to know just how much I needed her. She kissed me passionately, her mouth hungry for mine in ways that shocked and surprised me. Rosalyn hadn't been this hungry in some time and it made me wonder what the occasion was, but I didn't want to jinx anything. Instead, I immersed myself in her scent and turned all of my attention to her perfect body.

"Let's just fuck right here in the backyard," she suggested and I looked around, assessing the situation. My backyard was relatively private. I was shocked I had never thought to do anything sexual there before.

"Let's do it," I smiled as I kissed her, pulling her clothes off in between kisses until she was naked, her body underneath mine. I couldn't stop kissing her and the way her body rose to meet mine was so fucking sexy I could barely contain myself. I slipped a finger into her wet pussy and found one of her most pleasurable spots. Her whole body tensed as I forced a second finger inside of her. I worked her over with my fingers, watching her scream and gasp as she tried to wriggle away from me. Of course, I wouldn't let her go too far. I made sure she stayed put and took my fingers until I knew she was about to cum hard. "You gonna squirt for me, baby?"

"Yes! Please! Make me squirt everywhere!"

"Beg me," I taunted her.

"Please. Please! I need you to make me cum! Make me squirt everywhere!"

"As you wish, Rosalyn." My voice sounded so sadistic as my fingers increased their speed until I knew that she was going to squirt everywhere. We were outside, so it didn't matter how much. She didn't have to worry about anything but her orgasm and that was how I wanted things to be for her. I didn't want her to ever have to worry about a thing.

"Fuck! Fuck yeah! Yes! Yes! Fuck yes!" she screamed and I could feel her whole body shaking as she squirted all over the grass. No matter how many times I made Rosalyn squirt I never got tired of it. I loved watching her face as she realized that she was about to squirt. I enjoyed watching her body shake and I truly enjoyed the way she tasted after she had cum. She let me eat her pussy as long as I wanted to and I loved making her cum with my tongue almost as much as I loved making her cum with my fingers. I buried my tongue into the folds of her pussy and licked her until she told me to stop.

"No more..." Rosalyn finally said and I could see that the day was almost over. The sun was setting and Easter was definitely over. I lay with her in the grass as the sun went down. I stroked her hair as she pulled me to her until we were both lying in the grass, cuddling one another. We must have fallen asleep because the next thing I remember is Rosalyn screaming with joy.

"Wake up! Wake up!" I could hear her shrieking and honestly, I had forgotten that I had given her a reason to scream.

"Rosalyn? What is it? What's wrong?" I asked, rubbing the sleep from my eyes.

"Oh my God! I found it! I found the missing egg!" It took me a few moments to register what he had said. I processed her words slowly until they found meaning.

"The missing egg!" I screamed, excited now that I remembered. She had found it somehow!

"Baby, did you buy me a diamond ring? Were you going to propose to me on Easter? That is the sweetest thing..." she trailed off, tears running down her cheeks. I took a good look at her, her emotions overflowing. She was the most beautiful woman I had ever seen in my entire life. I wanted to keep her forever.

"I did buy you a diamond ring, baby. I did." I paused and stared into her eyes. "Rosalyn Diaz, will you marry me?" I got on my knee in front of her, right there in the backyard. She was holding the open egg in one hand, her mouth gaping open in shock. Her other arm was already outstretched to pull me up off of my knee and I rose to meet her. I wrapped my arms around her and I held her tight. "Please say yes."

"YES!" she screamed. I began to cry and I let myself go ahead and do it. I had never felt so moved by anything in all of my life. This woman was the one. She was my truth. She was all I wanted and needed and she had just said yes to me!

"Thank you, Rosalyn, for choosing me. I promise to be the best partner I can be."

"You already are!" she was crying tears of joy but of course there was something that was really bugging me about this whole thing. That's right. I was still wondering how the fuck my precious egg that I'd put so much work into hiding went missing and then suddenly appeared again.

"Rosalyn, I need you to be honest with me about something," I gave her a look that told her that I knew she had tampered with my egg.

"What's that, honey?"

"So what really happened with the egg? Did you find it early and move it? What happened?" She instantly looked guilty.

"How about we have sex now..." she tried to stall.

"How about you tell me what happened. We don't want to start our marriage off with a lie," I glared at her, willing her to tell me what had really happened to my original plan.

"The truth is I've known you were going to propose for a while. You hid the ring in your desk drawer. Did you really think I wouldn't notice that?" I cringed. I had thought I was being careful.

"Okay, so what happened with the egg then?"

"You have to promise not to laugh."

"Okay, I promise not to laugh."

"I took the ring out of the egg after you hid them because I like the way it feels on my finger but then I fell asleep and when I woke up, it was time to look for eggs but I realized the ring was already on my finger. I didn't want you to know I'd gotten into it early so I slipped it off onto the bed but then I couldn't find it. But I found it again and now everything is okay. I'm sorry I lied," she said quickly.

"You sneaky little Easter bunny! You're definitely going to pay for this in tickles!" I jumped on her and began to relentlessly tickle her. I was going to tickle her until she peed her pants if that was what it took. Honestly, this woman was going to be my wife and she already knew me better than anyone. That missing egg told me everything about Rosalyn I really needed to know. She was so eager to marry me that she had fished the ring out of that silly egg before I had a chance to even ask her. She was definitely the one.