 Even as a teenager, I knew there were probably more than the two sexual positions I knew about, which were man on top and woman on top. After consulting more experienced sources i.e. my friends who were two years older than I, I wasn't much more advanced in my quest for knowledge. I did learn that my best friend, Marlynn, had tried side to side. The next month, at age fifteen and a high school sophomore, Marlynn was pregnant and dropped out of school. She was pulled out so quickly that I never even got the chance to ask her if it was the side to side position that did her in. Also, growing up Catholic (Marlynn's first name was really Rosary) I wondered if getting pregnant was her punishment for going all the way. 

Years later, I found out that side to side was fairly difficult unless the guy was well endowed and/or the girl very flexible, which, thanks to being double-jointed, I was. Still, it seemed as though guys preferred to be on top. I thought perhaps it was a control issue, since, as young as we all were then, the whole act never seemed to go beyond a few strokes.

Now, older and wiser, well, older at least, I've learned, by experience and by reading that the woman on the top is the best way for a number of reasons, the most important being she controls the rhythm and friction and can more easily reach orgasm. Another goody is that the male enjoys a fantastic view, either breasts, or, if you are facing his legs, a vision of loveliness, especially for an ass man, your cheeks in all their splendour. And, perhaps, your hair flowing down your back, which drives many men crazy, despite the high maintenance of such a do in today's time-crunched world. If you've ever had a baby grab your hair and hold it tightly in his darling little fist, you know that you will never see that hair again. But there is nothing like having your babe brush your hair, using long sensuous sexy strokes. It's almost as good as a massage, which some people say is almost as good as sex. I say they aren't doing it right.

Why IS the missionary position considered to be boring? Is it because it is associated with years of marriage, a quickie to be had before the lights are turned off? Do women feel they have no control under there? They do, by the way. One reason I actually heard a guy say is that he has to do all the 'work!' Work? If making love is work, you may as well get reacquainted with your right hand from your teen years.

Women, on the bottom, do have control. You can reach behind and knead his cute cheeks and you also have the ability to move right along with him, or even re-set the rhythm. You can massage his shoulders, rub his chest, tweak and lick his nipples. Most importantly, you can look directly into his eyes and watch the love, excitement and tenderness that are there. The longer the locked look, the more intimacy you develop. Do you have to look away? Does he? That could mean a little fright of commitment there, or it could just mean 'Oh my, I can't keep my eyes open with this enormous orgasm I'm experiencing!'

Other things to do: lift you bottom to meet his pelvis, put your hands under your butt to lift yourself even closer, trace the outline of his penis where it meets your vagina at penetration, squeeze either his or your butt cheeks and, remember, use those Kegels.

Now, as you feel he is close to orgasm, put first one leg down, then the other if they've been up. Slowly close your legs until your feet touch but don't hold everything too tightly. Have him put his legs together as he lies on top of you. His arms can embrace you as you kiss or he can put his arms around your back or hold your butt and maneuver it to the positions that drive him past the point of no return. To be able to kiss your love during orgasm has to be one of the most satisfying, fulfilling and tender times to experience. 

Sometimes I think about my high school friends and wonder if they've come out all right in spite of our Catholic school years. I just know Marlynn didn't conceive Travis in a very comfortable position. But maybe, years later, Tara was.