 He got up and brought me to my feet. We slow danced... kissing... hugging... caressing... while he's singing Forevermore (Side A). The lyrics really stuck a chord to both of us... There are times when I just want to look at your face... there are times when I just want to feel your embrace... I just can't believe that you are mine now... you were just a dream that I once knew... I never thought I would be right for you... You're all I need to be with forevermore... All those years I've longed to hold you in my arms... I've been dreaming of you... 

Every night, wishing you would be mine... My love for you will be forevermore... As endless as forever... Our love will stay together... 

I was going back to Winnipeg the next day that's why he stayed a while longer. We embraced so tight... both of us wished for the time to stop... 

We're both crying while putting our clothes back on. We're embracing so tight... no one wanted to let go... 

"That's why I didn't want to see you yet for I knew I'd end up wanting you more... I knew it will be hard for me to go on... it hurts so much, Joy... it hurts so much that you're not the one I ended up marrying... I'm sure my life would have been happier... "

"Let me embrace you tighter and longer, Emman. Let me hold you like I'm going to lose you for I don't know what's in store for us after this. Let me kiss you longer... "

I did not sleep at all after that. I kept on thinking what my life would have been like had we ended up together. I cried my heart out full of regret.

The family that he built with Lorna was beautiful. He brought his kids up with caresses, cuddles, kisses, and hugs that's why even though they're 20, 19, and 14, they're not embarrassed to show these kinds of affection back to them. Their home was full of love. All of them were soft spoken. I knew this because I could hear them in the background when Emman and I would talk on the phone.

I just could not understand why he could say that he never loved Lorna. His boys were just 13 months apart, meaning, he kept on fucking Lorna after giving birth.

I made up my mind to not see him again. I didn't want to ruin his beautiful family. Even if he never loved Lorna, he loved his kids the most. That should be enough to keep his family together. I could feel a tightness in my chest just thinking about this. Could I do it?

Mar 31 He kept on calling and texting me while I was at the Toronto airport.

"You should have just driven me here, Emman."

"Sorry, Joy. I hope you don't get tired of my calling and texting. I so miss you already. I'm not going to take a bath for a week so I can keep your juice. I want it lingering on my skin. The whole family is going to celebrate my birthday, is that okay?"

"No need to ask my for permission, Emman. I told you to treat your family as if I'm not part of your life. It's okay."

"No, Joy. I want you to be a part of my life. I wish I were there with you. I wish to spend my birthday with you. I wish you're with me now instead of her."

Then he started crying... I cried with him.

I dropped by my office before going home. I got a voice mail from him:

I love you more, more than you'll ever know. I hope I give you comfort and joy. Thank you for trusting me, for loving me. Thank you for coming back again in my life. I love you for who you are, for what you are, and that includes your past. I love you so much. I love you, my all, my life, my true love, my best friend. Always take care. I wish you happiness. I love you. Bye.

We had been texting non-stop all day, like every 10 minutes and we talked on the phone for 4 hours. Of course, it included phone sex. It's more realistic now as what we were imagining were actual events that happened between us.

I looked into his Facebook account. His birthday celebration photos were posted already. He's wearing the same clothes that he was wearing while he was with me. Hadn't he really washed up? Lorna was all over him and she didn't even smell our sex?

Apr 2 

I got his voice mail dated Apr 1:

Hi, honey. Hi, Joy. Good morning. It's me again. Promise I won't bother you today. I'll try to get enough sleep. That's why after we hung up at 4 am I suddenly felt sad. I've been thinking for the whole night. Come 5 am I can't help but cry. I just went to our hotel, just passing by. I hope I could find work that would assign me there in Winnipeg. I wish, just to be with you. I just want to be where you are... just to be your stalker... just so I could see you. That's why I didn't want to see you yet because I knew this would happen. It makes me want you more. I fall in love with you more everyday. I really want to be with you. I love you so much. I really find it hard to go on after those 4 days. I try to busy myself, but you keep on popping up on my mind. And I know you're the best thing that happened to me, always remember that. I love you so much. I love you forever. I can't stop thinking about you. I miss you so much. Bye. Take care. Don't forget your breakfast. Eat well. Thanks for everything.

Then he sang I Will Always Love You (Kenny Rogers)

Apr 10

His voice mail:

Good morning, honey. I love you. I really miss you. I miss your sweet voice in the morning. Thank you for making my day, this birthday of mine, the sweetest, most memorable for having you. You're the best gift ever, your love, your heart. Thank you so much. Thanks for everything. Let's go to church later. Bye. Don't forget your breakfast. I love you.

What he meant by "let's go to church later" was he'd call me and leave his cellphone turned on during mass just so I could hear it with him.

I had been going to church everyday since Mar 2011 as my place of work was just beside St Mary's Cathedral. 

My conscience really bothered me with my relationship with Emman. No affair is ever right, no matter the circumstance. He's aware of my predicament that's why I was able to convince him to pray this prayer with me:

Mama Mary, please forgive me and Emman/Joy . We hope that one day You give us Your blessing to be husband and wife to each other. While we wait for that moment to come, please keep us committed to our children. I love Emman/Joy so much. Please keep him/her under Your Maternal Protection. Amen.

We'd pray this every night together before we'd start our phone conversation and we allotted an exact time that we'd pray this if it's impossible for us to talk.

Apr 16

His voice mail:

Good morning, Sugar Pie, Honey Pie. Sorry, hon, I didn't let you sleep. I love you so much. I love you forever. Sorry really, I was not able to wait for you. In between those years I thought I've won forgetting you. I realized I could not take it. When you came back in 2008, I was paralyzed... so paralyzed. The pain was too much and it's still there. I was still hurting. You never really disappeared. I promise you, I'll never let you go. I won't give up on us, honey. I was so touched when you told me that until your last breath you'd love me. It's the same with me. I love you so much. Don't be afraid of aging. What's important is you're with me... I'm able to embrace you everyday... you're beside me when I'm asleep... in the morning, it's your beautiful face that I wake up to... I love you so much. I miss you so much. I want to be with you forever til we grow old... I can't wait to hear your voice. Please call me. This song's for you. 

He's singing Now And Forever (Richard Marx).

When I got my phone bill for Apr, we had about 6,000 text exchanges and 2,000 minutes of phone calls. It's good I had an unlimited plan. 

I started keeping a log of the no. of times we made love in actual and over the phone. For the month of Apr, it showed that we had phone sex 9 x.

His texts:

... wishing for happy ending... 

... fate brought us to this country... so we can be together again... as you said, I'll spend the rest of my life loving you, Joy... may God forgive us... 

Thank you also, Joy, for your love and understanding... I pray and hope our wish will be granted in this lifetime... 

... your juice is still on my skin... can't sleep, hon. Can't stop thinking about you... I'm sure my life is much happier if we ended up together... 

Good night, my true love. One day we'll be together forever... I love you so much, Joy... 

Thanks, hon, for a wonderful night. I love you... I miss you... I need you... I want you... truly... madly... deeply... 

Take care of yourself, hon... I can't imagine my life without you now that we just started our happy ending... 

You know after those 4 days it's you I always want to pump... I want you to own me... I want to own you... 

I love you so much, Joy. I thank God always for giving you back... hope and pray our happiness will be complete... 

I love you so much truly... deeply... madly, honey... I won't give up on us even when the skies get rough... 

Scent of your skin still lingers on me, honey... can't forget it... I need you so... 

I love you so much, Joy... I miss your passionate embrace... just your touch makes me shiver... thanks so much for your affection... 

Thanks for welcoming me again in your heart, Joy, my home till I die and to the next life... and I've shown how much I love you through the years that I always open the door of my heart and you find love, solace - your home with me always and forever... truly... don't think I'm going, I won't give up on us... You're my all, my life, my home... 

Can't wait to hear your voice. I miss you so much. I love you truly... deeply... madly... 

I love you... I want you... I need you... I miss you, munchkin lickin' pumpkin... I love you more each day and I admire you more for what a wonderful woman you've become... 

I love you so much, my life, my love of all time... 

I miss you, honey. Wish I'm with you right now... I love you... I want you... I need you so much... 

You're so delicious, hon. You smell so good... I love fucking you... I love it when you sex text me... You make me so hot... so horny... I can't get enough of you... 

... let's make love again... 

... I want it like last night... I love you... truly... deeply... madly... no one, no one can get in the way of what I feel for you.

It's you I want in the morning, daytime, anytime... I so want you, can't get you out of my head, I always long for you... body and soul... 

I make love to you like you want me to always... I miss you so much, munchkin... lickin' pumpkin.

I love you, my beautiful honey... 

Let's pray. I love you, Joy.

God... I'm also thinking of you... can't stop crying... I so miss you... thinking how long we'll be living like this... 

Can't wait... I need you... I miss you so much

How I wish we're together every morning... Thanks. At least I hear your voice ... my day is complete. I love you... I miss you... I need you... I want you... truly... deeply... madly... 

I miss you, honey... at the church now praying for us... I love you so much truly... deeply... madly... 

I love you, honey... still can't sleep imagining you're here with me in bed... my head on your chest... tight embrace... my penis inside your... 

I slept so well because you embrace me tight... I miss you ... I love you, Joy! Take care always... I miss your voice each time I wake up... I miss everything about you for 23 years... I love you more each day... 

Those words are not enough for the years we've missed... and I'll never get tired loving you to fill those years... each day with you is worth living for... I love you, honey, forever... 

You... you give me hope, the strength, the will to move on... it's your smile, your face, your lips that I miss... those sweet little eyes that stare at me and make me say I'm with you through all the way... cause it's you who fill the emptiness in me... when I know I've got you with me... 

I so miss you... you are always on my mind.

You proved that you really love me, honey, you're so sincere... I don't have a doubt in my heart anymore... I won't be able to take it if you leave me again... I'm saying this from my heart... 

Thanks, honey, always want to make love to you... 

I love you good night. Sleep tight.

I love you, hon. Thanks for tonight... 

I love you, sweety. Thanks for praying to Mama Mary yesterday you don't want to give up on me... I'm so touched... also praying for us always... hope we get her blessing... 

I'm ok, hon, missing you... wish you're here... specially my penis... he so misses you truly... I love you... I miss you... I want you... I need you... truly... deeply... madly... 

Take care, honey, always... I can't imagine life without you... each day with you I cherish... near or far... 

I'm thinking of you while studying... I'll be here for you... 

Good night, honey, sleep tight. Dream of me... I miss you... I need you... I want you... I love you... truly... deeply... madly... 

Take care, honey. I love you so much. You always brighten my day!

I'm okay... I wake up someone is watching me and it's you... with those loving eyes... 

I'll study now. Take care. With you in spirit and prayers... always... I love you, Joy!

All my life without a doubt I give you... all my life... I miss you, honey... 

I love you. You make my penis strong.

Apr 29

I got a birthday package from him. It had a birthday card and some gifts. (Emman was never stingy with gifts. Last Christmas, he sent me a Bon Jovi CD, a Michael Buble Christmas CD, Ferrero Rocher chocolates, and a Christmas card thru what he called "snail mail." He also had some flowers delivered.)

Birthday card:

On your birthday and forever... 

Dearest Joy,

As long as forever, please know that you'll be the one who is always most special to me... 

As long as forever, I promise to share my heart and my friendship, my joy, and my care... 

As long as forever, my love will stay true... for as long as I live, I will love only you.

Your All

P. S. The blanket is my surprise for you. It's unwashed... still full of my cum... I think it has 6 cums... That's what I used to wipe myself when we'd have phone sex. I hope you like the chocolates and flowers too.

He's really funny, sending me a blanket full of his cum. What I did was I recorded myself with only this blanket on me, smelling and wiping the part of the blanket with his secretion all over my face. I pretended to be on a commercial... 

"The secret to my silky soft, smooth, and unblemished skin is... my horny honey's delicious and juicy cum... "

I uploaded it to Youtube in private and sent Emman my user name and password.

He viewed it so many times... 

During the course of our communication, I told him that my youngest and I would be in Toronto for her Canadian Open Volleyball Championships to be held at Direct Energy Centre and we'd be staying at the Centennial College Residence and Conference Centre from May 16 to 21.

May 16 The reception was busy checking in the players and parents from all over Canada joining the tournament. The lobby was jam-packed. 

For no reason at all, I found myself so excited. I felt somebody was watching me out of all the chaos. Suddenly, my eyes were locked in his magnetizing gaze. My heart flipped... it's Emman... 

"You didn't tell me you're coming, Emman." I tried to hide my excitement in my voice, but I failed miserably.

"I wanted to surprise you. I've already checked in."

"Okay, text me your room no. I'll just check in. I'll be alone in my room as my daughter is roomed in with her teammates, but she's going to be using my bathroom. She's not comfortable doing her thing with other people. They're going to have a practice at Direct Energy for an hour and it's an hour away. We'll have about 3 hours of... " I just winked my eyes. I knew he understood what I meant for he smiled with a twinkle in his eyes.

It's so embarrassing; I could see his navy blue sweatpants already wet with pre-cum. I got so horny.

When everything was settled, I knocked on his room. He's wearing the PJs that I gave him in Mar. 

He grabbed me the moment he opened the door, yanked me up against him while leaning me on the wall. We were kissing roughly... holding each other so tight... he's moving so quickly... he pulled down his pants and briefs... before I knew it... 

"Ahahay, Joy... "

His cum already squirted on the carpet.

'I'm sorry, Joy. I just could not hold it. I so missed you very much."

He hugged me so tight and kissed me... this time it's softly... passionately... he's caressing my lips with his lips while stroking my face... my hair... my ears... licking my neck... my earlobes... biting my lips gently... caressing my lips... 

He slowly took off my shirt... my bra... my pants... my panties... 

He got naked as well... 

We went to bed touching sensually... affectionately... lovingly... pleasurably... our eyes closed the entire time... feeling each moment... we're kissing... masturbating each other... 

He then placed his face in between my legs and ate me for a long time... he didn't seem to tire

"... Ooohhh... I love you so much, Emman... I love it when you eat me... fucking your face... I'm coming... I'm coming... "

He then turned me over and penetrated me from behind. I thought that this was a better position than missionary as I somewhat felt him. He's fucking me hard while grabbing my boobs at the same time... slapping my butt cheeks gently... reaching for my clit... we're both moaning... he then turned me to my side, placed my leg on his shoulder and continued pumping me... he's squeezing my breasts... sucking them... kissing me hard... licking my armpit... my neck... he kept on pumping me... his pace getting faster and faster... until... 

"Aaahhh, Joy, you're so delicious... "

He laid on top of me so spent... we're embracing each other tight while I was giving him kegels... he seemed to be tickled by it... 

"I really love the way your eyes look after we make love... your afterglow eyes... "

He had to go as his house was about 2 hours drive. We dressed up and I got out of his room first. We agreed to meet in the lobby.

My best volleyball parent friend was there. I sat beside her.

"Aha, Joy, I know that look... hhhmmm... you did something didn't you... I know that look... " she could not stop smiling.

I just ignored her.

Emman passed by and we just looked at each other while he walked away.