 He was stalling, and he knew it. He sat in his car not wanting to get out and face the problem he'd created. They'd been friends for a long time, they'd been casually fucking even longer, but he never expected her to fall in love with him. He hadn't wanted to hurt her, but he'd had to tell her he didn't feel the same. He never should have promised her that he'd still come to this stupid party, that they'd still be able to be friends. They hadn't spoken much in the two weeks since it happened and he felt uncomfortable with the situation. He stared up at her apartment there were people out on the balcony, and he could smell the charcoal from the grill. With a deep breath, he stepped out of his car and into the street. 

When he opened the door to her place there was a crowd of people talking and laughing, everyone was having a good time. He hoped nobody knew how he'd hurt her. People smiled and were generally friendly, so he assumed nobody knew, he was starting to feel a little more comfortable, after all, these were his friends too. When he approached her best friend to ask where she was, he was finally confident enough to say hello to her, the girl rolled her eyes at him nastily and muttered "In the kitchen" before stalking away. Well, he couldn't blame her; he'd seen the pain he'd caused in the huge hazel eyes he cared about most when he said he wasn't in love with her. It was natural that she'd tell her closest friend, he just hoped that Ava wasn't as mad as her friend was. 

He made his way to the kitchen. He could hear her lilting laugh and a male voice speaking in soft tones. For a second he stopped not knowing if he was jealous or nervous, but something didn't feel right. He stepped through the door of the kitchen to find her talking to her ex, a guy she knew he couldn't stand. They both stopped and looked up when Matt came in. 

"Hey Ace." Matt said gingerly, using his nickname for her, hoping she'd notice.

"Matt." Ava smiled. There was no trace of the heartbreak from the weeks before in her eyes. The ex said something about another beer and left the kitchen. Matt handed Ava the bottle of wine he'd been carrying. She turned away from him and he caught sight for the first time of what she was wearing. Her jeans rode low on her hips and the white tank top she was wearing was cut low in the back as well as the front. When she bent to place the wine on the lowest shelf of the fridge, he could see the well-toned muscles in her back, enhanced by the golden glow of her end of summer tan. When she turned to face him, again he found himself a little speechless. 

"So..." she trailed off.

"So what?" he said defensively.

"Calm down. How are you?" Her voice was warm and smooth.

"Fine." he stated cleanly, he could feel his pulse slowing at the sound of the warmth in her voice. 

"Great, well I've got a ton to do right now Matt; I'll catch up with you later." 

He was surprised. There was no hint at all that she'd even been hurt by him. She slid past him in the narrow kitchen then paused briefly right in front of him. She wrapped her arms around his neck and her honeyed voice spoke in his ear; "I'm glad you decided to come." The moment seemed to last a long time. Her dark hair smelled clean and her breasts were pressed against his chest. When he hugged her back he touched her warm skin, he could feel the heat rising in his body, and then she was gone. Matt was left staggering in the kitchen, not sure what to think. 

Throughout the evening, he didn't get a chance to talk to her much. He watched her though, wrestling with the feelings he couldn't deny he was feeling. When he saw her ex hug her, then playfully slap her perfect ass he felt nothing but pure rage. Eventually he found a chair on the balcony and planted himself in it. He didn't notice that the party had broken up until he heard her say goodbye to the last guest from inside and turn off the music. He walked back in and she was gathering plastic cups in a trash bag. She looked up when he entered the room. 

"You're the last one, you have to help clean up," she said brightly. 

They managed to clean up quickly, without much conversation. When she sank on the couch and slid off her shoes, he sat next to her. He tried not to look at her, looking at her contradicted what he had been so sure two weeks ago that he felt. Her long, slender legs were resting on the coffee table now. She pushed a lock of chocolate brown hair out of her face and smiled at him. He smiled back. There was no reason to be so worried; this was Ava, funny, smart Ava, Ava who drank milk from the carton and loved bad sci-fi. 

"You had too many beers to drive home right now... You want to watch TV?" 

Her voice broke through his affirmations of her safety and friendship. 

"Sure" he replied. 

She looked at him pointedly and he began to wonder what she wanted. 

She sat up and leaned close to him. He could feel the heat off her body, smell her perfume. He could see down her shirt a little and her hair was touching his arm. She lost her balance and fell into him. He slid an arm around her to steady her body, inadvertently he felt himself pull her closer. She started at his touch.

"Moron. You're sitting on the remote." 

She yanked it out from under him then fell back on her side of the couch. Matt couldn't fight it any longer. As she turned on the TV and chattered about nothing good being on, on Friday nights he knew he'd made a huge mistake, but now she was acting as if everything was platonic between them. 

"Matt, you're brooding" 

He just stared at her.

"What? Stop looking at me like that" her voice was sharp and a little panicked. 

He took the remote out of her hands and laughingly she started to protest. When she started to attempt a rescue of her property, he took hold of her arm. He pulled her into his lap and her breath quickened. He took a second to look into her eyes and saw they were wide and filling with tears. He kissed her, not at all gently, but desperately. Her mouth opened to his and she dug her nails into his arms. She pushed him away. 

"Don't do this Matt. It's too confusing. You're taking advantage of how I feel," she wouldn't look at him directly. 

He sighed a little and pulled her closer to him, since she was trying to get away. "I love you. I was wrong. I shouldn't have lied when you told me how you felt." 

She still didn't look at him, but she sat still. She seemed to be thinking it over. Then her fingers were grazing his arm so lightly it almost tickled. He could feel her clench her thighs together as she drew herself off his lap and repositioned her body. She straddled him so they were right at eye level. He felt himself harden as she settled in against him. He let his hands run up her thighs, past her stomach, skimming her breasts, her perfect full breasts; he wanted to rip her shirt off her but stopped himself. In the dim light of the living room, he could see her breathe. She stared into his eyes and he grabbed her ass pressing her groin close to his own. When she moaned a little, he kissed her. When she moaned harder in his mouth, he hugged her tighter against him. 

Swiftly he stood, carrying her with him. Still kissing her, he walked very quickly into her bedroom. He dropped her on the bed and she pulled him down with her. Still kissing her mouth hard, sucking on her bottom lip, then her tongue he moved one leg between hers. She parted her legs for him easily, latching back onto him to grind herself against him. He put a hand under her shirt and pinched one of her already hard nipples. She was writhing against him, and he knew he didn't want to wait longer to be inside her. He pulled her shirt off and in turn, she pulled his off. She hadn't been wearing a bra, he was always a little astonished at how breasts as large as hers didn't seem to need the support. When her chest met his he felt her smooth silky stomach against his, and her nipples practically scratching at his skin they were so hard. He shoved a hand between her legs and through her jeans; he could feel the warmth of her pussy. 

"Stand up" he commanded pushing her off him. 

He sat on the edge of the bed with her right in front of him. He cupped her tits and rubbed circles around her nipples. She undid her pants and slipped easily out of them, revealing a white lace thong. She kneeled and unfastened his belt buckle with her teeth, he'd almost forgotten her little tricks, and yanked his zipper with her long slim fingers. He raised his ass off the bed a bit to allow her to pull his pants and underwear off at the same time. His hard cock sprang towards her as she released it. She licked her lips looking in his eyes and opened her mouth. She lowered her head and he pushed her hair back so he could see. Her tongue felt like hot velvet as she pushed his cock deep into her throat. He could feel her mouth getting wetter, lubricating itself. With one hand she massaged his balls. She rose slowly off his cock sucking it strongly the whole time. Then she licked her hand seductively and wrapped her palm around him. She used her hand and her mouth together to ensure that something warm and wet was gripping every inch of him for every second. Her other hand continued to work gently on his balls. She felt his body tighten with pleasure and she removed her hand from his cock and pushed his full length into her throat. He gripped her hair as he came and as she swallowed each spurt it only enhanced the experience. 

He gazed at her lovingly; the pleased look on her face was adorable. But he knew she didn't suck him off just for his pleasure. She was smart, she knew she could have him longer later that way. He laid back and she snuggled up next to him. Her skin was burning, begging to be stroked. He pushed her legs apart and ran his hands between her legs. She was wet through her panties. He pushed the white lace to one side and touched lightly around her labia. She pushed her hips forward, clearly wanting to be touched more. He slid one finger in her easily; she was wetter than he'd ever seen her. He drew the finger out and could smell her wetness and knew he needed to taste her. She was so tight it was not as easy to get two fingers in as the first as he crept down the bed so his head was level with her pussy. He breathed hot air onto her clit and didn't move the fingers inside her. She was whimpering with need and she tried to push herself into his mouth. He let her, meeting her clit with his tongue. He sucked at it then pushed the hood back with his tongue, exposing the hard sensitive nub underneath. Using the thumb of the hand within her, he alternately licked and rubbed at the sensitive area, all the while pushing at her G-spot with his two embedded fingers. When she was clutching at the sheets, and crying out, loud enough for the neighbors to hear he ceased all contact with her body. She cried out to him, begging him not to stop.

By this time his cock had regained its' length and hardness. When he sat up, above her, and she caught sight of it she declared she wanted him inside her. He pushed the head of his cock against the wet opening of her pussy and lowered himself on top of her. Still teasing her a bit he kissed her mouth, letting her taste how good she was. He entwined one hand in her hair at the nape of her neck as he slowly entered her. He felt the muscles inside her contract and draw him in deeper. When he filled her to the hilt, he paused looking first at her neck, glowing with sweat, then at her beautiful face. He told her he loved her then kissed her hard. He pulled himself halfway out of her then slammed gradually harder and harder back in. She pulled her legs back further so he could fuck her harder and faster. He was practically blind with desire for her as he coaxed the orgasm out of her body. She was digging her nails into his back, and he pulled the hair at the back of her neck fiercely so that her long, graceful neck arched towards him. He sucked at her neck 'til she screamed. Then as she squeezed him, hard with the contractions of her orgasm he felt his own come on. He moaned her name repeatedly in her ears as he came hard in her. She felt the semen flowing out of him into her and it only fueled her more. When they both stopped shuddering he stayed inside her. She hugged his sweaty body close to her own and whispered softly in his ear

"I love you too."