 Aug 11, Still lying in bed, I heard him open the door so I pretended to be asleep. I was facing his side of the bed that's why I could see him take off his clothes. He gently laid beside me to not wake me up. He propped himself up on one elbow facing me and reached over to softly caress my face and give me gentle kisses. He carefully snuggled as close as he could get to me and put his arm around me. I fell back to sleep very happy.

I woke up with my whole body jerking as I dreamed of falling. I found him watching me sleep and he smiled by the way I woke up. 

"Good morning, baby." He whispered wrapping his arm around my neck.

"Good morning, Sugar Pie," I replied smiling.

He leaned in to whisper in my ear...

"I'm so hard for you, Honey Bunch..."

"And I'm so wet for you, Plum Sauce..."

He got up and went to the bathroom to get me a mouthwash while I took off my pj's and panties. After rinsing my mouth, he kissed and hugged me in silence. What started as a soft and slight kiss turned into a passionate one. Our breaths grew rapid and pressured as our tongues probed. He squeezed my boobs tightly while kissing my neck.

"Suck me, hon..."

He leaned on the headboard and offered his cock to me. I laid out on the bed lustily, bent down and slowly breathed over it. I parted my lips, wetted them with my tongue and leaned in closer. I softly licked the underside of the head...I opened my mouth and swirled my tongue around the shaft and head while he's rocking back and forth inside my mouth. I sucked the head with my tongue caressing the underside of it then I moved my hand to begin pumping his shaft slowly. His hands drifted to my hair and gripped it...

"Oh, Beautiful...Oh, Sexy...suck my cock..."

I smiled while I continued giving him a blowjob.

I continued to stroke his cock as I shifted up on the bed to kiss his mouth. He grabbed me tightly and kissed me back, our mouths exploring each other passionately. 

I broke the kiss by pulling away and I sucked his middle finger, licking it with my tongue.

Looking into his eyes and biting my lower lip sexily...

"Do you want to eat my pussy?"

"No need to ask, hon," he replied breathlessly.

I grabbed the video cam as he lowered his eager mouth down and took my very wet cunt into his mouth. I was filming him as he licked and sucked my clit. I began to thrust in rhythm, my breathing got deeper, and my moans of pleasure became frequent. It was hard to hold the camera steady so I stopped recording and concentrated on his skill until I spasmed.

"I really love sucking your juice, Joy."

He placed the video cam on the nightstand beside the bed and started recording before giving me a delightful cuddle. Then he lifted my left leg and went inside me. We were staring at each other while he's moving back and forth. I reached down to cup his balls, gently caressing and feeling the base of his penis while his hand was playing with my clit. His rhythm and his soft moans were increasing. I readied myself for his milk.

"In your mouth, Joy...in your mouth..."

So special...he squirted as I sucked and swallowed all of his whitish goo...

We rested while watching the sex video that we just made. 

Then we dressed up and had breakfast at the hotel restaurant, holding hands along the way, and kissing in the elevator on our way down to the lobby.

When we went back up to our room, we brushed our teeth and went to bed naked. We just lazed beside each other. I could tell Emman was so spent, but he could not stop himself from fingering me and sucking my breast once in a while. I took the camera and started filming us again. I zoomed it in and focused it on my vagina with his fingers rubbing my clit and slowly inserting one and then two and then three fingers into my very wet pussy. I was rocking back and forth while the camera swayed with me. My moans and screams of pleasure were loud enough to be heard.

"My balls are tingling. I want to empty them. I want to fuck you," he moaned.

I placed the camera by the TV stand facing us still recording.

I turned to him crawling. I slowly moved up his legs, kissing his shins, and moving my way up to his thighs. I rubbed my breasts on his legs while wrapping my hand around his penis. I kept my gaze with him and slowly lowered my mouth around the tip of his cock. I sucked it until he started moaning. I tickled his balls with my hand and he squirmed. 

He pulled me up on top of him and flipped me so I was below him. He kissed me so passionately and slid his hand on my body down to my thighs. He slipped his fingers into my pussy and then started to stroke my clit gently. I was so wet. We were moaning. He pulled out his hand and sucked his fingers. We continued to kiss like giddy teenagers. He started to kiss and suck my neck, the wholeness of my breasts, and licked around my nipples. He moved down past my stomach until my pussy is on his face. He started to flick my clit slowly with his tongue. He then dove in full force until he had my pussy all over his face.

"Your juice is so sweet, Joy. I want to eat you forever."

He ravaged my clit and started to suck it.

I screamed his name as I reached my climax.

He continued to lick all around my dripping hole. He pushed his fingers up inside me then licked them so he could taste its sweetness.

I wanted him to empty me that's why I sat on his face. He licked my pussy clean of my juice, sucking every bit slowly to make sure it was all gone.

"I said I wanted to fuck you, to empty myself on you, Joy..."

He flipped me over and pinned my hands down. He entered me slowly...He pulled out and smeared his pre cum all over my clit. He started to fuck me hard. He was sucking my tits while rubbing my clit. I wrapped my legs around him as he thrusted inside me. I could tell that he was close to cumming that's why I pushed him off as I moved down his cock. I sucked it hard. I licked his balls and teased the tip of his cock with my tongue.

"I don't want to cum yet, Joy..."

He pulled his cock out of my mouth and flipped me over on to my knees and I bent in front of him. He entered me from behind, reaching around to feel my tits and clit. He was so turned on with my moans that's why he was on the edge of orgasm. We both started to groan together in sync.

"Suck me hard, hon..."

I sucked his pulsating penis while swallowing all his cum.

He pinned me down again kissing me hard to taste whatever was left of his cum in my mouth. 

We watched our sex video while resting.

Then he had to leave saying that he's going to spend his 2-hour break from work with me.

We dressed up and I walked him to the parking lot, holding hands along the way, and kissing in the elevator going down.

I watched him drove away missing him already.

I went back up to our room, bathed, and prepared to go to Square One Mall to buy myself a Victoria's Secret hot pink nightie then I stopped at Spoon and Fork to order some take out before going back to the hotel.

Thinking that I might not be able to wake up to prepare for Emman's arrival later, I showered again and bathed with Pink Chance Chanel shower gel, put on Pink Chance Chanel lotion, spritzed a bit of Pink Chance Chanel perfume, and wore my hot pink nightie before going to bed. 

I woke up to his knocks. He could not work his key card again. 

Jumping out of bed, I ran over to the full length mirror and looked at myself.

"Yeah, perfect!" I said to myself.

Upon opening the door, he just stood there a moment and let me hug him. Then we faced each other.

"Joy, you are so beautiful..." he said while shaking his head in astonishment.

He closed the door and took my hand, stood back at arm's length, and gave me that male appraising look from head to toe. Smiling with pure happiness, I put my arms around him and put all the affection I had for him in that hug.

"You're always a pleasant surprise to me, Joy," he whispered.

He turned the music on from the iPad to Dreaming of You (Selena) while I turned the camera on to record us. We were dancing sweet while kissing and caressing each other until the music was done. 

We ate dinner at 2 o' clock in the morning, cleaned up, brushed our teeth, and went to bed naked.

Our sleeping positions were a thing to be envied:

I was his little spoon wherein he enveloped me. It made me feel so secure and I could feel his penis on my butt at the same time.

I was his big spoon that I could wrap my arms around him and could stroke his penis anytime I wanted.

"You're mine and mine alone..." my head was saying.

We slept with our arms and legs totally entwined.

"I can't get enough of you, Joy..." he whispered.

He cradled my head on his chest with his arms around me while my leg was on top of his legs.

We're so snuggly in bed that even if we slept on opposite sides of the bed facing opposite directions, our feet would still be entangled or our butts would be touching.

Then he had to go back to work, planting a kiss on my head, while saying...

"Let's make love before breakfast when I come back..."