 My eyes looked at her face, but examined her breasts. My concentration split between enjoying the cleavage bulging out of her snug top and trying not to. No matter how hard I tried I couldn't ignore the allure of the soft milky flesh which possessed a magnetic force that drew in my vision. As her lips moved up and down I nodded and the supplied the required conversation filler of "Oh, really,", "I didn't know that," and "You're kidding," all the while internally struggling to control my crude instincts. 

I looked over to see if my girlfriend, Dawn, noticed me giving too much attention to the concerns her friend was getting off her chest. But she was too busy chatting away with her sister Colleen and her best friend Lena, to notice. No doubt happy that I was the one stuck discussing the doldrums of Natalie's love life. In fact she even gave me a supportive squeeze on the thigh in appreciation of my sacrifice.

Whenever I hang out with Dawn's friends I have the distinct feeling of being the requisite gay character on 'Sex in the City'. Four women and one unavailable man makes for a lot of conversations along the lines of, "Why do men..." basically a lot of whining, complaining, and when submitted by a lonely, single female, a lot of misery. Every time I'm subjected to a girl's night out I thank my lucky stars that sports were created to keep men from discussing what women seemingly obsess about. I cringe at the thought of hearing my slightly overweight buddy talk about how looking at himself in the mirror in the morning makes him want to cry.

So why do I agree to go out? Well, I've learned nothing earns more points for you in a relationship then listening to her friend's problems. It practically qualifies you as a boyfriend of the year candidate. Especially when her friends can't get their men to do the same. Women want to do the same thing with their men as they do with a diamond ring; flaunt it. Not everyday, but on certain occasions nothing gives a woman more pleasure than trotting out their man on his best behavior. 

Of course the danger in this, which your girlfriend never seems to realize until after the fact, is that by appearing as the best boyfriend possible, you suddenly become an object of desire. Girls always worry about their men cheating with some imaginary seductress, when the real culprit is their best friend, who they've known since the second grade, who they've been bragging about you to for the past six months.

My girlfriend is especially vulnerable to this phenomenon. As she's informed me on countless occasions, at age twenty-two she hasn't had a lot of previous boyfriends, in fact she considers me her first serious boyfriend since high school. Her friends on the other hand seem to have consistently dated since they we 14. Its not that my girlfriend isn't attractive, its that she is just not as attractive, or in a couple of cases as easy, as some of her friends, and I'm sure she's always been envious of the attention they've received. So needless to say, now that she has a permanent boyfriend, she is doing everything possible to make them a little bit jealous as well.

Maybe its been working. Lately I've been noticing a little bit of interest in the stray looks I catch her friends giving me. Normally I would chalk this up to vanity on my behalf, but the fact that one of her close friends is single, indeed desperately single, and the one actually in a relationship is a phone call away from being out of one, may mean that those initial thoughts are not simply the product of an over active ego. Each glance only fuels those forbidden thoughts circulating through the back of my head.

Natalie, with her tits propped up like hors d'oeuvreson a serving tray, was certainly looking for some attention. And being a gentleman I was polite enough to offer her some, while being smart enough not to offer too much. Of course she was looking for attention from every set of male eyes in the room, so I didn't place too much importance in the flirty looks she gave me from time to time.

As the night wore on and the rounds of cocktails continued my girlfriend grew more and more intoxicated. Not only was Dawn outpacing me, but her friends as well. Not being the biggest of drinkers the effects of the downed martinis quickly became evident. Her hands took liberties she soberly would have repressed. Attempting to be sly she slipped her hand up from my knee to my crotch while looking the other way. Of course it came off anything but 007 like, I caught Natalie's eyes look down and then away as Dawn's hand leisurely rubbed my growing member. Slightly embarrassed I thought of stopping her, but the thrill of the exhibition got the better of me. "Its hidden by the table," I justified it in my mind. The growing sensation helping support the logic of that reasoning.

"We're going to try the dance floor," Colleen suddenly said rising from the table along with Lena, who gave me a glace indicating that she wasn't ignorant to Dawn's nimbleness either. Unlike Natalie, who avoiding looking our way as she rose from the table, Lena gave us an amused smile as she walked away. There was a spark in her eye that made you believe her boyfriend was a fool for letting her go.

Dawn took their departure as license to let her actions grow a bit bolder. Her hand slipped between my thighs and her cupped my covered balls. I glanced into her eyes, noticing the slight drunken droop, with a playful reproach.

"Just keeping them warm, Sweetie," she mischievously responded to my look, while at the same time gently squeezing my sac. Despite my own sober decency I couldn't help but become aroused at not only the touch of her hand, but the idea it sparked of scenes later to come. An image of her bent over on my bed, her round backside sticking straight up into the air.

"Keeping them warm for what," I said with a little boy smile.

She leaned over and whispered into my ear, "For when you fuck me later on tonight." A giant grin sprung to my lips just from the lurid tone of her statement. A directness, uncharacteristic of my normally demure girlfriend.

She kissed the side of my neck, rubbing her nose against my skin. Her body pressed against mine, as I glanced from our booth to the area around us. Our table was somewhat near the back corner, and the tables in front of us all had they backs turned, their attention focused upon the mass of individuals on the dance floor.

"Your cute," she said in that childish tone which indicated how totally drunk she was. She unbuttoned my pants, I felt a sudden rush as I nervously scanned the room to see if anyone was watching.

"I should get you drunk more often," I kidded her. She gave a throaty laugh and kissed my neck as she reached a hand into my pants. Her touch infused my cock with life, it lengthened as her manicured nails skimmed the stiffening skin. Contorting her arm she was able to sneak her hand all the way inside grasping my engorging cock. Her cool hand squeezed making me grow harder. Completely turned on I brought her head up with my hand and lustfully kissed her lips, my tongue delving deep inside her mouth.

She leaned back from my searching lips, "Sweetie, kissing like that is indecent," she joked her hand massaging my cock.

"We wouldn't want to be indecent," I laughed sliding a hand up her inner thigh, are eyes locked as I crept closer to her sex.

"Sweetie!" she exclaimed as I brushed the edge of her panties, shutting her legs quickly to prevent me from venturing farther, while she continued to caress my cock driving me crazy with desire.

"Just returning the favor," I answered trying to wedge me hand between her legs.

"No," she sloppily reacted, "That wouldn't be decent, Honey."

I cupped her breast through the thin material. I could feel her turgid nipple beneath her top and bra. She closed her eyes and relaxed her thighs as I gently squeezed her round breast. 

"Is that better," I whispered into her ear.

"You tell me," she responded back wrapping her hand around my cock and pumping it.

"I know one way it could feel better," I answered widening my legs as if to give her the opportunity to lay her head on my lap.

"Is that all you every want?" she answered back testily her mood swinging violently from on to off. I instantly regretted what I had suggested, her body turning cold to me. She immediately removed her hand from my pants and shifted her body away from me in the booth.

"Why do you always want me to do that?" she asked again, clearly irritated.

"Sweetie, forget I said anything," I tried to soothe her, "Come back here," I added wrapping an arm around her waist and bringing her close to me.

"No," she plainly said pushing my arm away. "C'mon I want to dance with my friends," she demanded getting up from the table, her first step a bit unsteady. I always forget what a delicate drunk she is.

On the dance floor maintained a distance from me, making it clear that reconciling tonight was going to take some effort on my behalf. I patiently sat back and allowed her to dance with her friends who seemed a tad annoyed at their new dance partner, especially since they were no doubt looking for dance partners of the opposite sex, not a drunken one of their own. They also seemed a little uneasy about the situation between Dawn and me, and after a few songs they headed to the bar.

When Dawn ordered another drink I started to say something to prevent her from doing so, but that simply spurned her on. She added a shot of tequila to her order, gulping it down spitefully, as her sister gave me a sympathetic look. She succeeded in preventing Dawn from ordering another, but the damage was already done. Not more than ten minutes later Dawn was wobbly making her way to the bathroom, Lena on one side and Natalie on the other.

When she emerged from the little girl's room the droopy look of her face left no doubt of how she passed the time inside, as well as making it clear that the night was over. I took over crutch duties as we headed to the car, Dawn apologizing to everyone for everything, I knew that our little tiff would be forgotten in the morning, at least by one of the participants.

...............................

"Thanks for helping me get her into bed, Lena. I think she's done for the night," I had dropped off Colleen and Natalie at their apartment before coming back to our apartment. Lena needed to pick up her stuff from my apartment, since she had come over earlier to get ready with Dawn. She helped me put Dawn in her bed, almost like two parents treating a feverish child.

"Don't mention it. What are friends for?" she replied in a easy tone, a friend doing a favor for a friend, "I don't think I should drive home tonight. I may not be as bad as Dawn, but I think I've had a few too many to test it."

"No problem, Do you want some blankets and a pillow for the couch?" I offered absentmindedly before yawning, I was ready to crash as well.

"Umm.. I can't stay here," Lena answered as if there was something improper in my suggestion.

"Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to..." I hurriedly responded.

" If you could give me a ride home," she replied, not in a more genial tone, removing the idea of impropriety, "I have to get up early tomorrow morning."

"Sure, no problem. I don't think Dawn is going to be moving anywhere anytime soon."

"That's for sure," she added with a light laugh. "I'll have my boyfriend pick up the car tomorrow."

In the car I started with some basic small talk, before letting the conversation die. Suddenly, as if she had been mulling over whether to say something Lena casually said, "So, I guess Dawn got you all revved up and left you hanging."

"I'm sorry," I heard her perfectly, but was caught off guard by the statement.

"I mean its a little cruel to get your boyfriend going then pass out on him," I looked back at her like I had no idea what she was saying. Not because I was trying to cover it up, but because I couldn't believe she would bring it up. "Don't give me that dumb look. Dawn's not the slyest person in the world. I mean we thought she was going to down on you right there in the club."

"Dawn wouldn't..." I started a little bitterly then I remembered to whom I was talking.

"Oh, that's right. Dawn doesn't like to do that. Must be tough on you," she responded with genuine sympathy.

"She makes up for it," I responded feeling the sudden need to defend her.

"I bet she does. I've heard all about the two of you," she said with a smile. I gave her a puzzled look as my face turned a light shade of red. "Don't act like you don't know. Girlfriends tell each other everything. I mean everything," she emphasized the last word.

"I thought guys were supposed to be the one's that obsessed about sex," I answered jokingly.

"Guys brag about it, girls really talk about it. We share all the details."

"All the details?"

"I know what you say when you come," she offered with a self satisfied smile on her face.

"What Oh God."

"No, 'My Queen', every time."

"Then you don't know it all," I answered refusing to allow her the pleasure of embarrassing me.

"Dawn said that was all."

"Not everything."

"What else is there?" a tinge of genuine interest in her voice.

"I thought you knew?" I answered pleased with the reversal of roles.

"C'mon you can't fool me."

"I guess you don't know everything," I teased that self satisfied smile now on my face.

"Then tell me what you say," she shamelessly begged.

"No," I adopted the British stiff upper lip.

"Exactly, you're just acting like there's something else."

"I think some things should stay between a couple," I answered unable to keep a straight face as the words left my lips.

"Please," she replied ending her inquiry. She was silent for a few moments before she popped it with, "You know you should take the fact that she doesn't like to do that as a compliment. Its hard to do when its too big."

"I wish. Dawn just doesn't like the taste," I answered trying not to sound bitter.

"Oh, don't feel too bad she was always a bit of a prude."

"I don't think I would care of the taste of it either, so I can't blame her," I attempted a joke again to erase any bitterness she may have picked up from my original response.

"So you don't give it to her?" she continued to probe.

"I don't mind that," I answered with a smile.

"What a good boyfriend."

"Its for my enjoyment as well."

"Really," she said as in disbelief.

"Really, I bet your boyfriend enjoys it as well."

"Not lately," her tone turning sharply sour.

"Oh I'm sorry, I was just joking," I tried to retreat from that line of conversation.

"So am I. That relationship is over," I had obviously put a little salt in that open wound.

"I shouldn't have mentioned it. Dawn didn't tell me."

"She thinks we'll still get back together."

"She's an optimist."

"That she is. What about you?"

"I try to be."

"So you see you guys getting married," she asked causing an alarm to go off in my head.

"Whoa, slow down with that."

"Then you're not that much of an optimist."

"I know enough to take it slow."

"I agree," she paused to emphasis the next line, "I think we get set in relationships too quick. We forget to explore all opportunities."

"But if you want to explore you should know enough not to commit."

"True, but its an easy trap to fall into," she paused again as if mulling something over, "Have you ever cheated on Dawn?"

"No," I reacted quickly, a little too eager even if it was true.

"Really?, I guess you wouldn't tell me if you had. But I'm sure you've thought about it, you can at least admit that, can't you."

"I'm more than happy with Dawn," I really wanted to snuff out that inquiry. 

"I'm not asking that. I mean I was happy with Jeff, but I still thought about it every time I met someone new."

"But just finding somebody is attractive, is nowhere near cheating."

"True, but it can lead down that road."

"It sounds like you're speaking from experience," I teased light heartedly.

"I am," she answered dead serious.

"Really?"

"One night after a couple of cocktails with co-workers, a guy a flirted with around the office gave me a ride home. And one thing led to another, and the next thing I knew I was in bed with him. That's how easy it is."

"You're going to make me paranoid."

"I'm just making you aware of the possibility," she said with a hint. A hint I tried to ignore.

"Did Jeff ever find out?"

"No, he never suspected a thing," and with that cryptic statement we arrived at her apartment.

"Do you mind coming in for a second to make sure everything is safe inside?" Lena asked walking in without even waiting for an answer. I knew the danger of those words, but her tone was so nonchalant I continued to tell myself that my suspicions were unfounded.

Inside she immediately slipped out of her high heels causing me to once again admire her well-toned legs and slender feet. For me there is always a tinge of intimacy involved in having a woman begin the process of undressing, even if it is, as in this case, just her heels, jacket, and jewelry, which she removed in rapid succession as she made her way to her room, glancing back at me to see if I followed. That simmering glance from her almond eyes was a window to the passion waiting to be released. Standing there stuck between following and leaving, I must have looked like Benjamin facing Mrs. Robinson.

"You're not going to protect me very well from over there," she said, coaxing me into the lioness' den. Maintaining that school boy nervousness I entered her room right behind her as she flicked on the lamp near the door to reveal an empty room, no criminal hiding in the shadows for me to protect her from.

She leisurely set her things down on her desk, "I know this is silly, but can you check the bathroom as well," she asked, as if I was doing her an enormous favor. As I walked towards the bathroom I took in her room, the sensuality of the deep burgundy bed spread on her four-post bed in the golden light provided by the single lamp. On her nightstand and all around the room sat a variety of candles, each melted to a different degree, some no bigger than stubs, as if they had been left to burn all night long.

I cautiously entered her bathroom, mindlessly playing the perfect bodyguard, the true reason for my hesitation being not what potentially lurked inside the bathroom, but the lovely woman letting her hair out of its tight bun. 

I turned on the bathroom light, again no danger inside, but in the mirror above her sink I saw her reflection behind me by the bed. She had removed her top, exposing her lean upper body. What she lacked in chest size, she more than made up in elegance of form. Her body was lean, yet her caramel skin still appeared soft and inviting. Slender arms perfectly proportional to the rest of her body. Although she was obviously exhibiting herself for my observation, she did not unnaturally contour her body, she simply went about her bed time routine, removing her contacts, acting as if I wasn't there, while at the same time ensuring that at all times I could see her in the reflection of the mirror.

Just as casually she slipped down her skirt, exposing more of her beautiful form. Her entire body appeared smooth and tan, from the tip of her toes to the height of her hip. I couldn't help but stare at the apex of her thighs, her sex hidden by a pair of black satin panties, which almost struck a dissonant cord in their blatant sexuality, although probably an idea that struck me since it was the only item of clothing left on her body. As she leaned over the bed to pick up a piece of clothing, I could feel my cock lengthen in response to the sweet curve of her rear.

"Are you going to stare at yourself in that mirror all night, or are you going to come out?" she woke me from my appreciation, causing a flush to appear on my cheeks. She lifted a red nightie up and onto her body as I turned around to enjoy the splendor of her flesh without the mirror's imperfections. "You look a little scared. Was there something in my bathroom?" she lifted her eyebrows up in question, enjoying the obvious effect of her body on my demeanor. Her nightie barely reached below her panties, her long legs exposed to my appraising eyes.
