 May 17, the volleyball parents and I were having breakfast at the Residence's restaurant. One of the moms pointed to me a guy eating alone at a corner table.

"Do you know him, Joy? He's been looking at you and his eyes were following you as you go about getting your food," she noticed.

I just smiled at her.

I didn't join the parents in watching the games. I went to Emman's room to have a sensual lovemaking.

Just one knock and he immediately opened his door. It's as if he had been waiting by the door right after breakfast, two hours after. He pulled me in to a passionate kiss and a tightest embrace while shutting the door. We missed each other so much although we'd just been together the day before. We're always like that. We'd miss each other everyday as if we'd never seen each other for years. We were moaning against each other's lips, his hands cupping both sides of my face. We were kissing deeply, our tongues swirling and exploring each other's mouths. We were kissing harder. He walked me slowly towards the bed, laid me down and took off his clothes. He began undressing me...took off my shirt...with hands slightly trembling, he's caressing my skin. He ran his fingers across my bra and rubbed my nipples through the fabric until they hardened. He reached around to my back, unhooked my bra and pulled it off. He gently squeezed and sucked my breasts. He raised my arms and buried his face on my armpit...and on the other as well. He was licking my neck...my face...my earlobes...kissing me on my lips passionately...

He's unbuttoning and unzipping my pants with one hand while using his other hand to lean on his head so he could continue kissing me. He then got up and pulled my pants down and my soaking wet panties...

"Joy, you're oozing...I wanted to fuck you first, but your pussy is inviting me..."

I teased him by spreading my legs out for his enjoyment. He smiled at me while caressing my outer folds looking for my love button while his other hand was fondling my boobs. When he found my clit, he sucked it hungrily...slurping noisily while finger fucking me...

I pulled his hair... pinned his head in between my thighs and fucked his face as hard as I could...I then raised my legs in all directions possible to give his tongue more room to access the inner recesses of my cunt...still fucking his face...his hands once in a while gripping and fondling my breasts...his fingers on my mouth and I was licking and sucking them...I was moaning with so much pleasure...I didn't want it to end...

"Make me cum, Emman...please make me cum...don't stop until you made me cum..."

I reached the 7th heaven...

He stood up, pulled me to the edge of the bed, placed my legs on his shoulders and pushed his penis to my still hungry opening. He's moving in and out of my wetness.

"I told you, you're so wet, Joy. Look at my penis, it's coated with your juice."

He pulled out his manhood, and with the use of his thumb and index fingers, he took off that coating and showed the phlegm-like wetness to me. He then slurped those fingers clean.

"I'll never get enough of your juice, Joy."

He continued fucking me, this time in dog style. If only Emman was endowed, he would be gutting my brains out, the way he rammed me. He turned me to my side and continued to thrust, fondling my breasts and my clit alternately...slapping my butt cheek gently once in a while...

I was caressing...fondling...squeezing his muscular chest and arms...it's so arousing...

"Fuck me hard, Emman...fuck me harder..."

"This is the hardest I can do, Joy, or my balls will get inside you as well..."

We both laughed hard.

It's good he didn't lose his momentum because of this jest.

He kept thrusting...grinding...moaning...his thrusts getting faster and faster...his moans getting louder and louder...

"Aaahhh, Joy, I love fucking you hard..."

I could feel his warm cum ooze out of me. He stayed inside me a little longer while catching his breath. I reminded him of his balls getting inside me and when we laughed, his penis involuntarily came out of me. 

Holding on the headboard, I climbed up over his body, straddled his head between my legs, and positioned my still longing cunt directly over his face. He wrapped his arms around my thighs, pulled my love lips apart with his fingers, and started licking me...my juice...his cum...he's sucking and flicking my clit...

I was fucking his face...I love fucking his face...I was grinding...I was moaning with each thrust of my hips...

He slid a finger to my opening probing it...sliding it in and out...he tried sticking his other finger in my butt hole, but I stopped him...he continued to slurp me...I continued to grind him...my thrusts were getting harder and faster...I did not even care that he might get suffocated...I was screaming with pleasure...until my body shook and trembled...

He still wanted to lap at my juice and tried to pin my thighs, but my clit was sensitive already so I struggled to get off him.

I laid down beside him and kissed him so I got a taste of what he enjoyed the most.

I was licking him inch by inch as I crawled down his body. I gripped his manhood and started licking the head...his shaft...it felt warm...

He moaned as I brought his penis into my mouth stroking and sucking it in and out...my other hand massaging his balls...he's breathing heavily...his moans getting louder and louder as I increased my mouth movements to match his increasing arousal...he let out a whimper as he shot his cum into my throat...I swallowed everything that he squirted...hungrily sucking his penis like a pacifier to bring out every bit of cum, up to the last drop...he was pulling my hair in ecstasy...

"I love what you did, Joy. It's my first time to experience that."

"It's my first time to swallow cum, Emman. I never liked the taste of my ex's cum when I licked his pre-cum once. Yours is sweet. How come?"

"5 bananas a day, Joy."

He gave me a big kiss on my lips tasting his own flavor.

He had to go home after fucking 2 x in 3 hours.

I walked him to his van and kissed him goodbye passionately.

May 18, we agreed to have breakfast in his room so we'd have a longer time with each other. He brought a croissant with egg and bacon, a bagel with cream cheese, a muffin, orange juice, grapes, and blue berries. We ate naked feeding each other while laughing at each other's bloopers during sex like the sounds that we'd make during orgasms and the ballistic body moves that I'd do when he's eating me.

We began playing with food. We poured the orange juice on each other's navels and licked and sucked them afterwards...we ran the fruits, one at a time, on each other's necks, earlobes, nipples, and lips before eating them...I put a grape in my mouth and swirled it in his mouth...he did the same to me...doing that many times.

We got so horny kissing so we started to masturbate each other. I so loved it when he's finger fucking me. His fingers could reach spots that his endowment could not get thru. It took us a long while to reach orgasm, but it was well worth it. 

We explored each other's bodies while resting for another round.

He told me to position on all fours with my legs together. He knelt behind me, pulled my butt cheeks apart gently and entered me from the rear. Although this was not my favorite position because we'd not see each other's eyes while fucking, this was the position I could feel him the most. I loved it when he'd try to reach for my breasts to fondle them while pounding me so hard. His cum was still overflowing even if it's his second coming for the day.

I walked him to his van and said goodbye after sharing a very passionate long kiss.

May 19-20, he didn't want to go to work that night so he invited me to meet him at the hotel that we stayed at in Mar. He's staying overnight with me. Finally, he's staying longer than 5 hours with me.

I reached our hotel first, checked in, and texted him our room no. Inside our room, I took a seat on the couch and breathe deeply relaxing my anticipating mind and body for the whole night of desire and craving. Suddenly, I heard a knock on the door that made me jump up. 

"He's here!" I giggled with excitement.

When I opened the door, I pulled him in, pushed his back against the wall and pressed my body close to his. 

"Are you ready for an endless pleasure tonight?" I whispered in his ear and bit it lightly.

"More than ready..." he responded while wrapping his arms around my waist and kissing me passionately.

I pulled away from him and started taking off my clothes. I then took off his shirt, and unbuttoned and unzipped his pants. Before I pulled them off him, I gave his manhood a massage with one hand and put a finger of my other hand on his open lips and said, 

"I'm going to do some very naughty things with you..."

After pulling his pants off him, I pushed him onto the bed. I climbed on top of him and sat on his lap with my knee on either side of him. Facing him, I started licking his face...his neck...his ears...

I pulled his head in between my breasts and told him to do what he wanted with them. He started squeezing and sucking them. I began to move my hips to rub his groin with my love parts. That's all I could do, rub his groin for he could never get an erection no matter what I'd do.

I skimmed my tongue down his chest and licked, sucked, and bit his nipples. I continued licking him down his stomach until my mouth reached his dick. I began giving him a blowjob while sliding my hand up and down his shaft with my other hand massaging his balls. He seemed to enjoy the entire petting and stimulation as he reached ecstasy quickly. He squirted his entirety in my mouth as I sucked and swallowed it all up to the last drop. He called this act a hair pulling, mind blowing, and eye popping sexual experience of his life.

He must have loved the taste of his cum as we started kissing again. He thought that it's his turn to give me pleasure. He held my breasts, played with my nipples, and sucked them. I moved away from him and positioned in all fours, and asked him to fuck me doggy-style.

"Joy, how did you know that I still wanted more?"

"Coming quickly like that, I knew you haven't had enough yet."

I was watching him on the mirror as he was ramming me. He's so sexy to look at the way he was grinding me. And those muscular chests and biceps...it's so arousing...all I could do was to meet his thrusts and match his rhythm...I so loved the way he'd reach out to fondle my boobs and my clit...his eyes were closed, feeling the pleasure...then his thrusts became faster and faster until he's about to reach the pinnacle of his sexual success. He withdrew his penis off me and begged,

"Suck it, Joy, suck it!!"

I obliged.

We fondled each other during our sexual timeout.

He got up, pulled me up, and held my hand as we got to the washroom.

"Joy, hold my penis as I pee."

I had never done it before so I was giggling while doing it. I could not aim his penis steady towards the bowl so his pee went all over the place. He had to dry the walls and floors with towels, as he was embarrassed to let the cleaners do it themselves.

He wanted to watch me pee, but I did not allow him. He left.

When I got back to bed, he was leaning on the headboard watching TV. I sat in between his legs and leaned my back against him. He started kissing my nape. He knew I liked it so much as it gave me goose bumps all over my body. He loved rubbing those bumps away.

He began licking my ears...biting my earlobes gently...fondling my breasts...rubbing my clit...finger fucking me while we're kissing...licking his fingers full of my juice once in a while...I so loved this...it's giving me endless pleasure...he never seemed to tire doing this until I reached my orgasm...

We wrapped ourselves in towels as we heat up the Thai dinner that I brought. We were giving each other slow gentle caresses once in a while on each other's faces, necks, shoulders, arms, and backs as we ate.

After cleaning up and freshening up, we went back naked in bed.

I leaned on him and gently placed my lips against his. We were gently biting each other's lips as we kissed. I pressed my body even closer to his and we started cuddling and combing each other's hair with our hands. Our bodies responded to this growing excitement.

"Come on, let's watch each other masturbate, Emman."

He obliged.

I positioned my head near the edge of the bed beside his feet. Slowly, my fingers massaged my breasts and played with my nipples. Licking my fingers, I rubbed them over my very wet pussy and moaned. I was staring at him as I moved continuously massaging my breasts with my other hand. He's playing with his penis stretching it in all directions, sliding his hand on his shaft up and down, and massaging his balls.

I continued on with what I was doing with my eyes closed to allow myself a moment or two of private sensual contemplation. A warm flesh grazing my mouth suddenly interrupted me. I didn't open my eyes. I just let Emman continue what he was doing...he was brushing his tip against the outline of my lips while I was massaging his balls. He made me dangle my head a little on the edge of the bed so he could fuck my mouth standing up. He continued to thrust my mouth in and out while caressing my whole body...staying longer on my breasts and pussy...I'd take a hold of his shaft once in a while to rub his very wet tip all over my face...It went on for so long...we're enjoying each moment until he grabbed my waist so tight as he came. I sucked and swallowed everything that came out of him. 

We finally rested our over spent bodies falling asleep while snuggling.

I was woken by soft caresses on my face with the back of his hand...touching my lips, he leaned in to kiss me all over my face...he then started combing my hair with his hand...

He pulled my body closer to him, holding me tighter and tighter...he wanted to kiss my lips. I could smell his fresh breath so I started to get up to go to the washroom to gargle. He stopped me and handed me a cup half full of mouthwash diluted with water.

"You didn't want to lose the momentum, huh, Emman?" I asked smiling as I gargled.

Lying on our sides and facing each other, we began kissing softly, and gently with such a passion, our tongues dancing with one another. Then he began kissing me on my neck while his hands were sliding down my spine giving me goose bumps...then over to my side, caressing the side of my breast...and fondling my breasts until my nipples began to harden...

I closed my eyes while his hand was tracing the side of my body...down to my waist...right over the slice of my butt giving its cheek gentle squeezes...then right over my thighs.

It felt so good as our breathing became heavier. He moved his hand over my leg, lifted it up, placed it over him, brought it up as high as he could trying to open me up. He inserted his penis inside me and began to thrust. He cummed instantly, in two pumps...

He began kissing me again on my lips...licking my face...my ears...biting my earlobes...licking my neck down to my breasts...sucking my nipples...his hand going down my cum filled pussy...feeling my clit, softly touching and rubbing it...finger fucking me...kissing my aching pussy...sucking my clit...tasting it...

"I love how our juices taste, Joy."

He looked up at me and found me playing with my breasts and pinching my nipples.

He slid both of his hands under my butt cheeks, squeezing them and pushing them up as he buried his face on my cunt.

I wrapped my legs around his head and started grinding his face.

"I love what you're doing to me, Emman..." I kept saying while cumming...

After cuddling a bit longer, we dressed up and had breakfast at the hotel restaurant. We shared a bowl of cereals, a bagel, a muffin, eggs, bacon, banana, orange, and apple. We're just staring at each other while eating. Before I ate the banana, I gave it a blowjob while staring at Emman lustfully. He just smiled shaking his head. We checked out and went in opposite directions. He had to go home while I went to watch my daughter's game at Direct Energy Centre.

I could not concentrate on watching my daughter's game as I was thinking about my overnight lovemaking with Emman, 4x in 10 hours.