 With the exceptional help of chat_wizardress who so kindly helped me edit this into a piece of writing I can now proudly put my name to, I submit my story in the hope that others enjoy it as much as I enjoyed writing it.

* * * * *

Hearing the hum of the taxi's motor as it pulls into my driveway, sets my heart fluttering again. This was the moment of truth; it was now or never. Rechecking, for what seemed like the fiftieth time, that I had the plane tickets, passports, and yes, again, they were all there and accounted for. This was the moment I had been dreaming of for the past year; so why was I so nervous? Checking again that the doors were locked, I take a calming breath as I grab my cases and head out. As the driver takes the bags from me, I take a last long look at my home, an image I try to memorize, not knowing if it will be the last time I look at it. 

As I climb into the seat, I instruct the driver of my destination, sighing as I imagine my daughters excitement when I tell them of our holiday plans. Sure, it was an unexpected trip, but one I wasn't going to miss for the world. So many thoughts raced through my mind at that moment. The uncertainty of what I was about to embark on, my quest for happiness, Was I being selfish? Dragging my daughters off to an unknown land to meet the man I'd loved incessantly for the past 14 months seemed almost like a nightmare.

As the taxi pulled into my sister's driveway, my daugter's ran out to greet me and a sudden rush of guilt washed over me. Taking them in my arms, I could have held them forever. Holding them close, not wanting to ever let them go but in my heart, I knew I was doing the right thing. If it was so right, then why did I feel so nervous? Was it excitement? Fear? Fear. Definitely fear. Oh God, I hoped I was doing the right thing, as I followed my daughters inside to see their latest 'masterpieces'. Knowing the meter was ticking over in the cab, my compliments were seemingly shallow. Thankfully, my sister Diane picked up on my tension and asked them if it was okay if she hanged their art work on her refrigerator. I kneel before my beaming daughters as they watch their aunt tape their work to the fridge. 

Nervously, I ask," Guess where we're going girls?"

Giving them a moment to take in what I'd just asked, I watch their expressions closely. 

Not giving them time to respond I continue,

"We're going to America babies... to meet Paul!!!" Trying to sound excited, even though my heart was pounding a million miles a minute, I wait for their reaction. With a loud squeal, Claudia, my eldest, wraps her arms around my neck holding me tight. Followed closely behind by the excited Kerri who wants to know if this means we'll be going to Disneyland; How could I not laugh? 

"You bet we are!!" I chortled. Holding back nervous tears I smile up at Diane, who is gathering up my daughters' collection of toys from their sleepover. Standing, I take the bag from Diane, who is as close to tears as me. 

"I'll call you the moment we land," I promised her, giving her a tight hug. With a teary good-bye we head out to the waiting taxi.

As the taxi pulled out onto the freeway, I sat quietly, gazing out the window. It's funny how you never really notice things until it's time to say good-bye. Like, I'd never really noticed how blue Diane's eyes were, or how her brow creased when she laughed, or the fragrance of her perfume, which I could still faintly smell on my clothes from when we had hugged briefly. It felt strange to finally discover small details like that, now, when I was on my way to possibly moving to another country to live. Watching as we passed the shopping center, a flood of memories washed over me. 

The fear surfacing again, as I turn to smile at my daughters, who were chatting excitedly about Disneyland. This was an adventure for them; an adventure they will surely remember for their entire lives. That thought gave me a new confidence, a reassurance that I had made the right decision. In my heart I had no doubts that Paul and I were meant to be together. A love this pure, so totally mind blowing, surely couldn't be wrong. 

The squeals, as we pulled into the airport carpark brought my thoughts back to reality. This was going to be the girls first time in a plane. With their hands and faces pressed up against the window gazing at the runway, I could tell they were excited. I laughed softly to myself as the taxi came to a halt. As the driver unloads our bags, I check again that I have the tickets and passports. I guess it was just nerves, because I knew I had them, but I just wanted this trip to be as perfect as the man I was flying half way round the world to meet.

We hadn't been at the airport long when the call came over for our flight to board. As we walked along the tarmac, the excitement of the moment suddenly hit me. This was it. We were actually on our way. Boarding that plane was one of the most exhilarating moments of my life. I hadn't even realized I'd been smiling until I felt my cheeks starting to ache. 

Seated between the girls, I held onto their hands reassuringly as the plane started its ascent. It was only an hour flight to Sydney, so there was no onboard movie screened, but I hardly noticed. With Claudia and Kerri glued to the window the entire time, chatting constantly about their dreams of Disneyland and the characters they'd meet, we were landing at Sydney airport before I knew it. Our connecting flight wasn't due for take off until 10am. 

Glancing at my watch, noting we had at least an hour before boarding time, I asked who was hungry. I didn't have to wait for an answer as Kerri, my youngest, takes me by the hand leading me toward the McDonald's restaurant in the airport lounge. Glancing around, I found an empty table near the rear. Disappointed in a way, that the flights were scheduled so close together. I'd never been to Sydney, and here I was, stuck in McDonald's with not enough time to explore the many attractions the harbour city has on offer. I was so lost in thought, I almost missed the call for our flight to board. Thankfully I'd remembered to pack coloring books and pencils for the girls. This was going to be a long trip. Grabbing our hand luggage, I take the girls by the hand as I lead them through the crowd to our gate. 

We'd only been in the air a short while, when Stacy, our stewardess came around with the food and drinks trolley. She obviously had a love for children, because there was an ease in her manner when she asked the girls what they'd like to drink. She also smiled and winked at them, whispering that Brother Bear and Lilo & Stitch would be showing shortly. The excited looks on the girls faces made me laugh softly. Thanking Stacy for the drinks, I smile watching her move on to the elderly couple seated ahead of us.

Everything was new and exciting for Claudia and Kerri. The small packets of peanuts served with the beverages seemed to entertain them for a while. As the infomercials flickered up on the large screen toward the front of the cabin, Stacy came around again, this time offering earphones. The girls thought this was great as they giggled and plugged them into the sockets. I must have dozed off, because when I opened my eyes, the final credits were rolling, marking the end of Brother Bear. I smiled looking at the two sleeping angels laying beside me. Stacy must have pulled the window's blind down as I'd dozed. What a considerate lady, I thought as I raised it slightly noticing it was now dark. I hear the trolley rattling softly as it comes rolling up the aisle. Gently shaking the girls to rouse them from their sleep, I whisper; 

"Hey, sleepy heads, it's dinner time." It's funny how you hear all these horror stories about the meals served on planes, but right then, that roast beef and side serve of vegetables was one of the nicest meals I'd eaten in a long while. 

I think we were all grateful for the stop over in Los Angeles. Being able to stretch our legs and take in the warmth of the sun and fresh air felt like a God send as we climbed down from the plane. I had to recheck my watch twice before I remembered the time difference. We'd been in the air for what felt like days. My watch reading 10pm, yet here in LA the day was only just beginning. We had two hours to refresh ourselves before having to board our connecting flight. It sounds silly, but I couldn't bring myself to adjust the time on my watch. It was my way of keeping up with what my friends and family might be doing back home. Home. A word that brings a stabbing pain to my chest as a hard lump forms in my throat. Watching the girls scamper over to the vending machines, I reach inside my purse for some coin. I had to laugh as I stopped myself just in time from inserting my Australian coins into the machine, before remembering where I am. Finding a foreign exchange booth, I swap my Australian currency for American notes and dimes (dimes... Oh God I'm going to have to get used to these, I laugh to myself). 

Striking up a conversation with one of the fellow passengers from our flight saw the two hours pass quickly. Claudia and Kerri looking weary as they sketch pictures of what look like Disney characters, but from the angle they were on, it was hard to make them out. I was actually relieved as we boarded the plane. It was midnight back home and our bodies hadn't had time to adjust to the time differences. Being only 8am here in Los Angeles, I pulled the window's blind down to close out the sun as the girls and I lay our seats back and tried to get some sleep. 

The five hour flight from Los Angeles to Fort Worth passing quickly as the girls and I rouse from our slumber. Having slept through the lunch time meal, we head straight for the airport terminal where we take a seat in the bistro lounge. My watch saying 5am, yet the clock above the bar reading 1pm. Leaning back in the seat, I stretch, taking in the new surroundings as we wait for the waitress to take our orders. The two hours between flights passing quickly as the girls and I chat excitedly about our experiences thus far. Three O'clock. Time to board our final flight before we land in Mobile. It's only an hour and a half flight. I think the nerves starting to stir in the pit of my stomach made that ninety minutes feel like the longest flight of my life. My mind raced the entire time as I went over and over what I would say, how I would greet, would I kiss Paul as soon as I took him in my arms? Would he seem tall? Would he like me??? Finding myself in a panic as the plane begins its descend, I nervously wipe my brow as I feel beads of sweat forming on my temple. The moment of truth. Taking a few calming breaths, I gather up our few belongings as we make our way to the terminal. 

There he was. How could I miss the man who's face had been the focus of my dreams for over a year now. As we near, all the pent up fears vanish when I see his handsome face break into a smile as a look of recognition washes over it. Spotting Paul for the first time, Claudia and Kerri run into his arms. I laugh as he almost topples over backward as the two girls hug him excitedly. Dropping my bag at our feet, I can't control the tears as they stream down my face. 

Here I was, standing in front of the man I'd fallen in love with. The one man who had completely and utterly stolen my heart. We both stand motionless, staring into each other's eyes as we're caught up in the overwhelming reality of the moment. Sliding my arms around his back, our bodies moulding together as if they're made to be part of one being. In his arms I feel so safe, so right. As our lips meet, the feel of his moist mouth, the softness of his tongue as it glides over mine, sends a rush of warmth between my thighs. This is the moment I'd dreamed of. No dream could have ever prepared me for the absolute ecstasy I was feeling being in his arms. The smell of his cologne I inhale deeply, so masculine, so perfectly him. The feel of his arms around me as he traces a hand down my spine causing my inner walls to tremble in anticipation of things to come. A dizziness washing over me as our lips part. We must have been standing there, holding each other for what felt like an eternity, yet an eternity I never wanted to end. I'm not sure who spoke first, only that we both said,

"I love you" at the same time and ended up laughing as Paul took my hand and led me to get our baggage. His grip so right. His hands so soft as his fingers entwined with mine. Words from 'our' song swimming through my mind, as I waited to collect our cases on the conveyor belt. Daniel Bedingfield summed it up in one line, 'If you're not the one, then why does my hand fit yours this way?'

* * * * *

It's funny. For a year now I've dreamed of meeting Paul. You know, that initial moment when you first lay eyes on each other... that first kiss... the 'sex'. Here we are in Paul's car, driving toward his home. I'd never have imagined just how natural it could feel to be sitting along side this man who I'd met just 14 months earlier by chance on an adult chat site. Who'd have thought it would become this reality I'm now living and sharing with my daughters? That first kiss still fresh on my mind and forever embedded in my memory, the stolen glances as we drive along, causing an uncontrollable stirring deep within my inner being. Recognizing his apartment block immediately from photos Paul has shown me over the net, I glance up at the many balconies trying to guess which one is his. Almost as though he was reading my mind, Paul points out his apartment on the second floor. Amazingly quiet, I'm guessing they're tired, the girls glance up trying to find which balcony we're both looking at. I turn and smile, patting them lovingly on the knee, 

"We're here girls." As we climb out of his car, Paul and I exchange knowing glances. This being a moment we'd discussed countless times. That first sexual encounter. Not being able to fulfil our desired entrance, of him throwing me against the wall, taking me right then and there the moment the door closes behind us, we both eye the girls and smile.

Almost too much to comprehend, taking in all the luscious gardens surrounding the block, the crisp air, the enormity of the apartment building I am soon to call our home, just being here with Paul... I catch my breath as I slowly climb the staircase. Smiling gratefully as Paul offers Claudia and Kerri a Pepsi. They're looking tired and my heart goes out to them. They have been so well behaved, even during the long flight from Sydney to Los Angeles. They lay back on the sofa wearily. I smooth their hair as I kiss each of them softly on the forehead wishing them a good night. 

I sense Paul behind me as I stand back up. Feeling his hands circle around my hips sending a surge of shivers racing through my body. Turning to face him, our lips meeting, the intensity of our kiss leaves us both aroused and breathless. This is the moment we have both been dreaming of. Checking the girls are okay, both of them already beginning to doze, I take Paul's hand as he leads me to the bedroom. With candles placed either side of the bed, the linen crisp and freshly laid, it's obvious that he has planned for this moment as much as I have in my mind, time and time again. It's hard to describe what is going through my head right now, the thrill I am experiencing almost as intoxicating as the feel of my first kiss way back in high school. I feel giddy, yet fully aware of the man standing before me. The kiss, Oh my God, I'm not sure if I am going to be able to go through with this. It is so intense and electrifying, leaving me weak at the knees as he takes me in his arms, his tongue invading my mouth. The ferocity of our wanton desires, surfacing as our hands seem to move blindly over one another's body. Feeling him, touching the body I have desired and lusted after for so long almost too much to bare. I need to have him and now! 

Romance is pushed aside. We both know we won't be able to last much longer. The endless aching between my thighs, stirring up a sensation I haven't experienced for way too long. As I cup my hand over his firm bulge, I hear Paul inhale sharply. I want this memory to last forever. I want to memorize every inch of the body I feel as though I already know so well. Fumbling with the buttons on his shirt, desperately wanting to run my fingers through the chest hair that, on so many occasions, has awakened my sexuality. 

My inner walls so tense and oh, so ready, aching and almost quivering. The thought of Paul's thickness opening and spreading me almost sending me into a frenzy as I press my lips against his hard. My tongue forcing its way inside his mouth. The desperation I am feeling translated by the hunger portrayed in my kiss. A new wave of wetness warms me as Paul slides his hand between my thighs, tracing a finger over the outline of my lips through my already damp panties, he moves his other hand through my hair, pulling me firmly against his face. Pressing his finger through my panties, teasing my opening, the fabric restricting his finger from probing too deep, teasing me almost into oblivion. My head is swimming as I try to contain myself. 

Tugging at his pants, wanting to feel his thickness in my hand, I find his zipper and unleash him from his confinement. Wrapping my fingers around his shaft for the first time is an experience I don't think I could forget if I tried. His cock so thick, so real, feeling larger than any image ever portrayed on his webcam. The reality of the moment I still can't grasp. It's hard to put into words a dream come true. I wasn't going to let any inhibitions get in the way of the intimacy we are now sharing. We've shared so many treasured moments together, even half the world apart, I feel right now, that this man understands my inner most desires better than any man ever could. As he slides his fingers inside my panties, I feel myself buckling beneath his touch. 

With his hand still inside my panties, Paul tucks his free hand under my ass, lifting and carrying me to the side of the bed where he lays me down gently. The yearning I'm feeling almost indescribable as his hardness presses against my leg. I clench my inner muscles tight to stop myself from cumming as he tucks his fingers into the sides of my panties peeling them down over my slender hips, exposing my glistening lips. I kick my panties to the side as his hands move up my inner thighs. My pussy is trembling. Shit, I'm ready to explode. I hope he realizes what he's doing to me!! As his finger delves deep inside me, I feel myself tighten around it. I know, I just know, the moment he touches my clit I'm going to cum. I think he senses my heightened arousal as he slides his finger out of my dampness. 

'God, he's being a prick now. I'm on the brink of exploding and he pulls his finger out, ugh!!!!!' I think to myself, 'I need to cum!!' The throbbing I'm feeling now deep inside is almost unbearable as I sigh heavily wondering why he stopped when I am so damn close!! Paul kisses me, my hips pressing against his as I try to show him my desperate need for release, but he merely kisses my lips softly and slowly slides his mouth down over my body, my body screaming out 'Yes' as he circles his tongue gingerly around my navel ring. I know I'm wet, Oh God, I haven't been this aroused in years. Suddenly I feel embarrassed? I've dreamed of this moment. Feeling Paul's tongue probing me, sucking at my hardened clit, why now do I feel so ashamed??

Almost as though he senses my inhibitions, Paul slides two fingers inside my tightness. Feeling them spreading me, I'm unable to stop the loud moan escaping my lips. His lips engulf my swollen clit as I buck my hips shamelessly into his face. Inviting his fingers deep inside me as I feel my muscles twitch around them... Oh God, Paul, suck me, I know what I need and gratefully, he knows how to deliver, as his lips wraps around my swollen clit and suck gently, his tongue flicks teasingly over my bud. The intensity of my orgasm I try to yield, but the overwhelming spasms rocking my body too intense to ignore. Unashamedly I cum around Paul's fingers. 
