 Robin had just gotten home and the weather outside was miserable. Dark and ominous, with lightening flashing everywhere. She looked out the window and it reminded her of the Frankenstein and Dracula movies she had seen. A howling sound coming from outside suddenly startled her, sending a chill down her spine. The kids were all spending the night with friends and she would be alone tonight. She had been looking forward to the time alone but somehow this was not what she had in mind. The weather outside gave an eerie feeling to the whole house. She walked across the house, shutting off lights along the way and walked into her bedroom. She dropped her purse and things on the foot of the bed and went into the bathroom. A nice relaxing bath was on the schedule and she needed it.

She walked into the bathroom and started the bath running. She turned back toward the sink and picked up the bath oil. As she looked up, reflected in the mirror she saw a man in a black robe, much like a monk standing in the doorway. She turned quickly only to find no one there. She turned back to the mirror and the reflection was gone. She turned back again and nothing. Must be the weather and everything playing games with her. Oh this is not fun at all. It was giving her the creeps. She poured some of the oil into the tub and went out to the bedroom.

She walked across to the bed and started unbuttoning her blouse. She dropped the blouse on the bed and slipped the short skirt she was wearing down her legs, then place it on the bed with the blouse. She turned to look in the mirror. Not bad for 42. Robin spent time in the tanning salon keeping her all over tan at a golden brown. Her muscles were still firm and the signs of her age were not evident. Her breasts still firm with nipples any man would love to suck into his mouth.

She was running her hands over her body and admiring how the work she put into keeping it this way was paying off. Suddenly she noticed the monk again in the mirror. Again standing in the doorway of the bathroom. A chill ran down her spine as she looked at him. She turned to look and again there was nothing there. She turned back toward the mirror and decided she really needed to relax. This was giving her a creepy feeling. Removing her bra and thong she walked back into the bathroom. As she slid down into the bathtub she turned the water off and slid down into the hot water. The water felt wonderful and she lay back resting her head on the end of the tub.

God this feels wonderful! She just let the water work its magic over her body and closed her eyes to drink in its relaxing affects.

Robin was in heaven and the water was having its desired affect on her. As she lay in the tub she got an eerie feeling of being watched. She opened her eyes and standing in the doorway of the bathroom was the monk again. The hood of his robe pulled up over his head hiding his face. This time it was not a reflection in a mirror. He was there, but was he real or was her mind playing tricks on her again. She looked at him trying to penetrate the hood and see his face. He moved toward her across the bathroom and stopped at the side of the tub. Then held out his hand reaching for her.

For reasons unknown to her, Robin raised her hand to take his and he pulled her up. The strange feelings from the previous two reflections were gone. She felt relaxed and warm all over. A feeling of total calm. This was not right. A stranger had come into her house, into her bedroom, and she felt no fear at all. As a matter of fact, there was a feeling of desire building inside of her. The monk, taking her hand, helped her step out of the tub. Then picked up a towel and started drying her off. The monk moved the towel across Robins back sending chills through her body. She closed her eyes as he moved the towel across her ass and down the back of her legs. He then moved around in front of her. He dried her neck and shoulder, then moving the towel down to her breasts. As the towel grazed across her nipples Robin let a sigh escape her lips and felt her nipples harden under his touch. He continued moving the towel down across her stomach and the sides of her waist. With a hand on the side of each hip he slowly slid the towel down the side of her legs. When he came to her ankles he slowly dried her feet. Then he moved the towel to her left leg, with one hand on the front of her leg and the other on the inside. He started to move the towel up her leg. Drying her calf, then moving across the knee. Robin still had her eyes closed and was reacting to the monk's hands. A need was building and she could feel her lips become moist between her legs. The monk's hands had proceeded up her thigh and were coming very close to that moisture. But he moved his hand from the inside of her thigh and moved to the other leg. Robin let out another sigh wishing he had not stopped his path. As he moved his hands slowly up the other leg she found herself moving her hips slightly hoping he would not notice the affect he was having on her. The towel moved across her knee again and started its way up her right thigh. This time however he did not move the hand from the inside of her thigh. And as it came up Robin unconsciously parted her legs slightly. Just enough for him to slip his towel covered hand right up against her. His fingers pressing against her as she moaned and pushed down against them. She felt the towel press against her hard clit and the outer lips of her pussy spread apart. He moved his hand back and forth between her legs as she moved her hips against it. Then he suddenly took his hand from between her legs and all contact was lost. Robin opened her eyes to see where he had gone. The monk had place the towel on the counter and held his hand out to her. Robin took it and followed as the monk led her out of the bathroom.

Entering the bedroom the monk led Robin over to the bed. He turned her to face him and moved her back until the back of her legs touched the bed, then continued moving her back. Her knees bent and she sat down on the edge of the bed. The monk stood before her and she looked up into the hood still unable to see inside. The monk raised his hands and pushed the hood back off of his head. His face coming out into the open where Robin could now see him. His hair was of medium length and combed back from his face. But that face! It startled her. But should have done more. She felt in a trance looking up into an ashen white face. Dark circles around his eyes and streams of dried blood from the corner of his eyes streaming down his cheeks. What power did this monk have over her? Her natural tendency would have been to run from the room but she found she could not move.

The monk knelt down in front of her and placed his hands on her shoulders. Then bent his head forward and covered one of Robins breasts with his mouth. Sucking the hard nipple and rolling it between his teeth, Robin let out a cry and moved her hands to hold the back of his head pulling him against her breast. The monk worked his tongue and teeth across the nipple sending chills like she had never felt throughout her body. Robin felt a gush of moisture between her legs. Her pussy becoming wet with desire and the lips swelling with blood. The monk released the breast and moved to the other and fed on it in the same fashion. Robin felt a small twinge of pain and looked down to see the monk's teeth had broken the skin and blood was dripping down her breast from the small cut. The monk covered the cut with his mouth and sucked hard on it. This only caused Robin to pull him harder against her breast. Finding this all very erotic and a definite need building between her legs.

The monk's lips left Robins breast and starting traveling down over her stomach. His tongue was snaking a path towards her pussy. He pushed back on her shoulders and Robin lay back on the bed anticipating his next move. The monk continued his journey across her stomach and down across her clean- vulva. She pressed the tip of his tongue between her legs and tickled it across her swollen clit. Robin's reaction was to raise her hips and press her clit up against his exploring tongue. Just the reaction the monk desired. He moved his hands to her knees and pushed them apart. Watching her now sopping wet pussy part and open before him. He slid his mouth down and covered her clit with his mouth, very lightly working the tip of his tongue back and forth across it. Feeling the hard nub under his tongue and then sucking it like a little cock. His fingers wound there way up her thighs until they reached Robins pussy then spread the lips apart, exposing her totally to his mouth. Releasing her clit his tongue slipped down into her and he thrust his tongue into her. Robin was now working her hips harder. Fucking against the mouth working so gently but continually between her legs. As the monk moved back up and flicked his tongue across her clit Robin cried out. As she did the monk sank two fingers into her pussy and continued to work his tongue across her clit as he finger-fucked Robins sopping wet pussy. Robin was nearing the edge of an explosive orgasm and the monk knew it. He continued to work his tongue across her while driving his fingers in and out her.

"YES! Suck my clit you bastard!" she cried out. "God, fuck my pussy!" The monk worked his tongue faster and his fingers deeper. Robin raising and lowering her hips, fucking wildly at his mouth. Suddenly he felt her tense and knew she was there. 

"YES! I'm gonna cum. Don't stop! Just like that! YES, AAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!" Robin cried out and exploded. Drenching the monk's fingers with her juices. The monk continued to work his fingers in and out of her until she slowed. Then removed them from her and brought them to his mouth. Licking her juices from her fingertips. Robin lay panting on the bed. He gently moved his lips across her belly then stood.

Robin opened her eyes and looked up at the monk as he slowly pulled the zipped down the front of his robe. The zipped stopped just above his groin and he then shrugged the robe off his shoulders and let it drop to the floor. Standing out proud and hard was 7 inches of cock.

Robin quickly sat up and leaned forward. Reaching around, grabbing the monks ass and pulling him towards her. Then covering the head of his cock with her mouth and running her tongue around it. She released the head and ran her tongue down its length, then came up the other side. Licking her way back up to the head she slid her lips over it and slowly took it into her mouth. Dragging her teeth across the sensitive skin as she traveled down it. The monk's hands were now on Robins head and he grasped handfuls of hair in each. He started to move his cock in and out of her mouth. Fucking her mouth slowly and moaning as she moved her tongue around his hard cock. Robin sucked wildly on the monk's hard cock. Pulling away but then sucking it back into her mouth. Driving her mouth down to meet his thrusts into her. Her hand went down under his cock to cradle his balls in her hand. Rolling them and squeezing them gently. The monk raised one leg and placed it on the bed, continuing to fuck Robin's mouth. By raising his leg the monk had also given Robin access to his ass. And Robin was not one to miss that. She released his balls and slipped a finger behind then, brushing it across the puckered opening. The monk moaned and thrust harder into her mouth. Robin let some spit from her mouth slide down the monks shaft and brought her finger up to catch it. Then slid her finger back down and smeared it across his puckered asshole. She sucked his deep into her mouth and pressed against him with her finger. The tip slipping inside and producing a loud moan from the monk "GOD yes Robin! Suck my cock! Fuck my ass!"

Robin slid her finger deeper into the monk's ass producing a reaction she had not counted on. The monk knotted her hair in his hands and fucked her mouth wildly. Harder and faster as Robins finger continued its assault on his ass. Then suddenly without warning Robin felt the cock swell, growing even larger in her mouth. The monk cried out again, "Suck it! Swallow my cum Robin!"

Robin felt the first shot of the monks cum hit the back of her throat and swallowed, knowing there was more to follow. Then he shot again and again and again. Swallowing as fast as she shot into her mouth Robin sucked wildly on the monk's spasming cock. The monk cried out again. "Yes baby. God yes!"

As the monk's orgasm subsided he moved his cock slowly in and out of Robins mouth. Still hard and wanting more. The monk pulled his cum and spit covered cock from her mouth. Then pulled her up by her hair and turned her around. Pressing down on her shoulders the monk bent Robin forward at the waist and she put her hands on the bed, bending down and laying her head on the bed. Then monk then grabbed Robin's ass and spread the cheeks apart, sliding his wet sticky cock back and forth across the puckered opening of her ass. She knew what he was going to do and worked her back against him. The monk took his cock in his hand and bent it down, aiming it at Robin's tight ass. He placed the head against it and pressed firmly but gently. The cum and spit had done its job and the head slid slowly forward, popping into Robins ass. The monk stood very still, letting her adjust to it then pressed forward and sunk his cock into Robin's ass. Deeper and deeper until his balls slapped against her sopping pussy. Then drawing back he proceeded to fuck Robins tight ass. Slowly at first letting her completely adjust to his cock inside of her. As she grew more accustomed to it, his cock slid easily in out of her. Robin worked her ass back to him, trying to drive more and more of the monks cock into her. She raised up off the bed, holding herself up with her arms. The monk reached forward and grabbed a handful of hair on the back of her head. Then he pulled her head up and back as he slammed his cock into her ass. Robin cried out as the cock attacked her ass. "Yes. Fuck my ass. Fuck it good, hard, deep." The monk continued his thrusts and assault of her ass. Fucking harder, deeper, faster. Driving Robin closer and closer to cumming again. As he drove into her Robin slid a hand underneath and down her belly. Reaching between her legs and finding her clit as hard as a rock, then working her fingers around it. 

"Yes. That's it." the monk said. "Get that clit. Work it good. Make that pussy feel so good. Make that clit explode with my cock in your ass." Robin worked her clit furiously while the monk continued to pound her ass with his cock. 

"Yes cum in my ass!" Robin cried out.

"I'll cum in your ass Robin." And with that the monk grunted and Robin felt his cock swell and spasm in her ass. Feeling the warm cum hit inside of her, then exploding herself from the work her fingers had done.

The monk released her hair and grabbed Robins hips. Working his cock ever so slowly in her ass. The monk leaned forward and grabbed Robins shoulders. Pulling her back up towards him. Kissing her gently on the shoulders and the back of the neck. Reaching around and taking her breasts in his hands, holding her tight back against him.

* * * * *

"Robin...... what you doing babe?" 

Robin jumped at the sound. She sat up in the bathtub and looked around. What the hell! What was going on here? Still in the bathtub but the water had gotten cold. Time to get out of the tub.

"In the bathroom Wayne." She called.

"Nasty damn weather outside. What have you been doing?"

"Just taking a bath" she said as she toweled herself off. Every movement of the towel was bringing it all back to her. Had it all been dream? If it was it sure seemed real enough. Her ass even hurt a little. She ran the towel across her ass drying it off. She went to wipe her face and noticed something on the towel. OH GOD! She ran her fingers thru the crack of her ass, across her puckered opening. WET? She brought her fingers up. IT DID HAPPEN! Robin had the monks cum leaking out of her ass. Not knowing what to do or what was going on, she panicked a little. 

"Hey babe. How you feeling?"

She did not know how the heck she would answer that. She was just about to answer when she looked up and saw Wayne standing in the bathroom doorway. Wearing a black monks robe and a shit eating grin from ear to ear.