 "I'll see you in three hours, babe," you say. We make our goodbyes, and I hang up the phone. Time to shower. Stripping as I go, I smile my way into the bathroom and turn on the water. I let it get warm, but not too hot; I know that I'll be in there for a while.

Slipping past the curtain, I enter the shower and stand immediately under the warm stream. I allow myself the luxury of getting fully wet before doing the obligatory shampooing and soaping. Once clean, though, I reach for a fresh razor and the shaving cream. I sit down on the floor of the shower, spread my legs apart, and focus on the area that will be receiving much attention in the time to come. Having done a rough trim earlier in the day, the hair shears away easily and leaves behind only silky smooth skin. Believing myself complete, I run my hands over my shorn pussy, making sure that everything is clear for you. I know what is coming, and I know what your response will be to my smooth flesh. Just thinking about it arouses me, and I slip my fingers into my waiting opening.

Already, I can feel the flesh pulsing in anticipation. My hand becomes covered with the warm water from the shower and the hot juices flowing from my body. I know that any preparation on my part will pay off later, so I settle myself back against the corner of the shower. My legs, also smooth from earlier preparation, spread wide to admit plenty of room for play. My right hand slips down, and I plunge my fingers inside of me as deep as I can. The tips of my fingers curl around the ridge, pushing in as far as they can, reaching for the fleshy portion that brings me so much pleasure. I allow my two fingers to play, twisting over each other and causing me to moan with pleasure. The sound reverberates in the shower, despite the patter of the water falling down on me, and it causes me to shiver a bit.

My fingers dig in deeper, pressing in as far as they can, pulsing against the fleshy end while they squeeze the ridge between them. And as I start to thrust with my hand, I bring my left hand to rest slightly higher, just allowing the tip of my middle finger to rest on my clit, now fiercely erect. My hips begin to rock against my hands, aiding them as they push in deeper and deeper. I feel juices flowing from my pussy, coating my fingers and hand, and I feel another sort of buildup within me.

But it is not yet time for that.

I continue to rock against my hands, pushing and twisting and reaching as deep as possible, moaning as I do until my breath becomes short. I start panting, gasping, and my hands move quicker, quicker... until finally I let out a shriek as my entire body begins convulsing against my hands in release. My legs tighten and I feel my pussy clasp tightly on my fingers, not letting them go.

I rest for a bit in the bottom of the shower, feeling the warm water continue to pour over me. Slowly and reluctantly, I slip my fingers out of me, stand up on shaky legs, and clean off. I turn off the water, wrap myself in towel and robe, and go out to the living room to dry off a bit. Perhaps I will play a bit before you get here...

~_~_~_~_~_~_~

Hours have passed. The phone rings. It's you, telling me that you're at the King of Prussia interchange, and that means it's time for me to dress.

I've already laid out the pieces of the necessary attire: boots, stockings, bra, choker. I sit on the bed and bring my left leg up next to me. The stocking slips smoothly over the newly shaven leg, and I slide it up to my mid-thigh, settling it in place where it is comfortable staying. I love the look of my leg so clad, and I smooth my right hand down the length of it, enjoying the sight and the silkiness lent by the stocking. Bending down, I pick up the left boot and unzip it. My foot slides in, and I zip the boot up, up, up 'til it encompasses my calf. I repeat the same ministrations to my right leg, donning both stocking and boot, until I can stand up off the bed to be 4" taller than usual. I know this is a sight you enjoy more than I, but I know what these items signify, and I start anticipating your visit even more.

This time, though, I eschew the bra in favor of letting my pert nipples be free to the air. I do, however, clasp the choker around my neck - a slight limitation of my breathing, enough to make me aware of it, just by virtue of the material being against my neck. I sit on the bed and brush out my hair until it gleams, then tie half of it back in the way you always seem to like.

Thus adorned, I light a candle in the bedroom, turn off the lights, and head out to the living room. 

~_~_~_~_~_~_~

Only one light shines, and it is the low level light behind my couch. I prop up a few pillows and a blanket to lean against. Then, thinking for a moment, I head back to the kitchen to my chest of drawers, and pull out a couple of towels. I have a feeling they will be needed.

Laying two towels down on the couch, each folded but such that the beige one blends in with the couch, I settle myself down to wait. The door is unlocked, and I know that when you get here, you will merely enter. As much fun as I've had, I would like to be completely ready for you when you arrive.

My left leg is propped up on the couch; my right is off to the side, touching the floor. My legs are spread wide, allowing for any number of things to fit, but for now I'll have to make do with my own hands. My left hand slips down and again strokes the ever-so-smooth skin, caressing the flesh between my legs, brushing over the sensitive lips, then sliding up to my clit. I nuzzle my finger between the protective folds and gasp with shock at touching something so sensitive.

Gliding my middle finger straight down, I find things very much in readiness. I easily slip two fingers into my wet and waiting pussy and begin to work it. Not too fast, but steadily, just keeping things primed and ready. My right hand comes up to capture my left breast and bring it to my lips. I start to suckle as I play with myself, pulling lightly at the tit, then flicking my tongue over it a few times before giving it the satisfaction of again being taken fully into my mouth.

Suckling excites me even more, and my left hand starts working more seriously. The fingers reach deeply and soon I have a third finger join in. Now I no longer get the depth, but I get somewhat closer to the girth I know I'll receive when you get here. Twisting my wrist so that each finger stretches my flesh and rubs over the ridge, I start breathing faster, getting closer to readiness. I think, maybe, I'll come before you arrive...

It's at this time that I hear a car door slam. Slowing down a bit, letting my heart rate get back to normal and instead anticipating you, I pull my fingers out for a short time, just long enough to place each one in my mouth and suck it clean. It wouldn't do to be dripping too much when you got here. Thus clean, my hand resumes its previous business.

The door opens.

~_~_~_~_~_~_~

You enter to find me sprawled on the couch, right hand massaging my left nipple, left hand buried as deep as possible into my pussy. I watch you as you enter and begin to unburden yourself. And as you watch me, I start to get more excited.

Eyes filled with desire, you come towards me. You stand over me for a second, letting your gaze trail from my heavy eyelids and longing expression, to my hand playing with my breast, down to my shaved pussy full of fingers, and lastly to my spread legs, clad as only you see them in their black, lace-topped stockings and the calf-high leather boots. I see you notice the presence of the towels, and I assume you know what they imply. You don't look for long, however, before you kneel beside me and begin to help.

You reach your right hand down to cover my own, fingers first resting on the back of my hand, then one finger slipping into my cunt, joining my other fingers already in there. One, just one of your fingers, fills me so much, but with the addition of my fingers, it is quite different. The feel of both of our fingers playing inside together excites me even further, and you feel how slick I am, both inside and out at this point.

As my right hand plays with my left breast, the arm is bent under my right breast, propping it up so that the nipple is pointing towards the ceiling. Your mouth comes down on it and begins to suckle, and I feel the familiar tugging inside of me, the stroking of that nerve that links my nipple through my torso and down to my more sensitive regions, and I become even more aroused. My right hand pauses in its ministrations as I gasp in surprise and pleasure at the combination, allowing your fingers more room to play. And play you do.

I remove my hand from the inside and slide it up to play with the clit. In response, you slide your fingers deeper into my pussy... and you feel things a little more full than usual. Your fingers fill me, and I begin to bear down on them, pushing with a different set of muscles. You look at me, look at the towels, and look at me again. "Do you think these will be needed?" you ask.

"Yes."

~_~_~_~_~_~_~

I am ready for this, having been preparing for hours. You allow me to slip my fingers back in while you focus on suckling a breast while playing with another. I work myself, hard, digging my fingers in deep and pressing hard against the filled, full area just inside, bearing down while I do so. But you are here, and the angle is far from ideal, so after working myself a bit longer, you take over.

You have far better leverage for this, and you scoot down further, closer to my feet. Pausing a moment, you allow your hand to stroke down my leg, feeling the silky stocking and the smooth boot, while driving me a little insane with want. "Please," I whisper, yearning in my voice.

You turn back, quickly, and plunge your fingers into me. Two, three, I can't tell, and I don't care, I just know it's what I wanted, and I cry out in pleasure. You feel the fullness of me, and I can feel how close I am to gushing. You know it too, and work me, plunging your fingers in and out, hard, pushing against the flesh, stroking it and pounding against it as your fingers go in deeper. I slip my left hand down to rest on the now very firmly erect clit and just rock back and forth on it. It adds to the building feeling inside me, but more so it is your arms, your strong arms, driving your hand into me, driving and plunging and pounding, hard all along. I continue to bear down on your hand every time it comes to meet me until I can bear no more. 

I cry out loudly in relief as I release, flooding my hand, your hand, your arm, the towels... everything. Juice just flows from my body in a hot stream, coating everything in reach. My finger continues to rest on my clit, its presence enough for now; your hand continues moving inside me, slowly, as you feel me shudder beneath it.

~_~_~_~_~_~_~

After a few moments, when my breath begins to stabilize, we both withdraw our hands. You reach down beside me and grab a spare towel, with which you dry yourself off. Tenderly, you then reach between my legs and carefully pat me dry before handing the towel off to me. I dry off a bit more and toss the towel aside, then slowly swing my legs down and sit on the edge of the couch, now much closer to your height. You kiss me, and I kiss you back.

Not willing to let things linger too long, I reach down with my right hand and feel a hardness between your legs. I bid you to rise, and I unfasten your shorts. They slide easily down your hips; your underwear, less so. But off they both come and you spring free, cock pointing directly at me and already dripping with cum. Seated, I'm in an excellent position to take you into my mouth, and I do so... slowly.

I lick the drip off of your tip, then just gaze at you, enjoying the sight of your jutting, hard manhood before my eyes, noting the soft, smoothed sacs underneath. I reach up and lightly touch them with my fingers, enjoying the sensation. Then my hand moves up a bit more and encircles your shaft at the base, thumb underneath and supporting you as I swiftly take your tip and more inside my wet mouth.

I relax my tongue, allowing it to bend around your roundness as I curl the tip of it to lick against the ridge around your head. Pulling back slowly, I suck you lightly, letting my lips drag over you while my tongue bathes you. I don't quite let you go, and instead just plunge my head forward once more, swallowing your head and a bit more while I bring my hand up to join my mouth. Together, I slide backwards, dragging my fingers over your ridge and allowing them to caress your tip. Moving forward a bit, I take your tip, just your tip, into my mouth, and allow my hand to merely hold your shaft below the head.

My tongue works hard as I lick your head, twisting around and coating you with my moistness. My hand starts to get wet from the overflow, and it uses that to start sliding down your shaft, going a bit further each time, until I am stroking the length of you while working on sucking your tip. Once my hand reaches the rest of your body, I allow my mouth to follow, taking you into my mouth in stages.

For a little while, all I do is stroke back and forth along your shaft, swallowing as much as I can, then dragging back, allowing my hand to slide along your length. I keep going at a steady pace, until you ask me to stop. I look up at you, your cock completely in my mouth, and I slowly pull back, sucking on you the whole time. My moist fingers slide down to rest against your balls and just lightly support them, and my hand reaches to catch the rest of you as my mouth slips off. Sliding my hand down you one last time, I let you help me up, and I kiss you, lightly. At this point you tear off your shirt and allow me to rest against your solid chest for a moment before I lead you to the bedroom.

~_~_~_~_~_~_~

The lights are out, and the room is lit only by a single candle. The sheets are off to the side of the bed, the paper towels propped on the night table, and I take one to dry my hand. I turn and face you, so close to your own height in these boots, and I look at the desire burning in your eyes. I step forward and grasp you firmly, kissing you solidly. Returning the kiss, you hold me tightly to you for a moment before tilting me back onto the bed. I lay there, hair spread across the pillow, legs propped up with knees pointing to the ceiling. You bend down and just quickly lick my clit, tasting my readiness and sending a jolt of pleasure through me, before insinuating yourself between my spread legs. You angle yourself just so, and soon I feel your slick, hard cock entering my hot, wet pussy.

You move slowly at first, just allowing the tip inside as you move back and forth, stimulating my already sensitive entrance, before you sheath yourself on me in one quick thrust. I give a combination of a cry and moan at the shock and pleasure of it, and you smile at the reaction. Holding yourself above me, you begin to move, shifting your cock inside me in ways I cannot describe - all I know is that you are moving within me, causing pleasure with every slight movement.

You shift, then, rocking a bit downward while I tilt my hips up, so that you are rubbing along the bottom of my cunt and angling upwards, prodding at the roof on the inside and running your length along that so-sensitive ridge. My breath starts to come quickly, and you whisper to me, "Go."

I go. I allow your actions to stimulate me so that I can't hold back and merely release, hips thrusting upwards, hands grasping at your back, legs clamping the backs of your thighs as well as I can without hurting you with the boots. All I want to do is wrap my legs around you, heedless of the heels, and shove you deeper inside me, not letting you go. As I grasp you, my whole body shudders beneath you, bucking and spasming as lightly as I can so as not to dislodge you. Your body keeps me firmly pinned beneath you, keeping me from going anywhere.

After that, I feel as though my brain has leaked out of my ears, and you take over my body completely. I feel you thrust, I feel you move, I feel you poke and stroke and trigger pleasure nerves along every bit of my insides. You send shafts of pleasure into my fingertips, into my nipples, up my spine. Every few seconds, I have to hold back from releasing again as you bring me to the brink of pleasure, then change your actions. You smile and seem to enjoy me moaning under you, shifting because I cannot keep still, the look on my face that seems pained, but isn't - it is a sort of torture to endure the pleasure you give without letting go.

Eventually, you get to the point where you are ready to come. You lift yourself off of me while staying within me, and I lift up each leg in turn to come over your shoulders. For a while, you grasp my legs together as you come inside me, making my pussy tighter and stimulating it past bearing. And after feeling the tight tenseness where before was open welcoming, you let my legs cross over each of your shoulders. You lean down so that my thighs are against my stomach, pinning me beneath you such that I cannot move and can barely breathe, the lacy choker just adding to the sensation.

Slowly, you again begin to plunge yourself into me. In this position, it feels as though you fill me more completely than in any other, and I moan with the deep satisfaction of it. At the same time, though, I know what's coming, and I allow myself to get as excited as I've been longing to do. You rock into me, speeding up a bit, then you shift yourself forward so that you are now straddling my legs. I feel the inside of your thighs against the back of mine, and I feel your balls brush against my ass. It is almost too much, and you resume your previous position.

Knowing that you're close and divining what you want, I bend my head down and take my left nipple into my mouth. I begin sucking, and the sight of it seems to drive you to greater speeds. You bend down to suckle my right breast before coming over to join me, our tongues mingling over the erect tit, until you get to the point where you can take no more.

You raise yourself back up and begin thrusting, harder than before. You push yourself inside me, deeper and deeper, harder and harder, and I feel your engorged shaft filling me, growing within me and stimulating all it can. You begin to breathe in gasps, and you start groaning with every thrust. Beneath you, I start gasping in high pitched breaths, crying out with each thrust as the pleasure builds up to breaking point. The cries get louder and louder as I wait to release.

Finally, with one final solid thrust, you spend yourself inside me, filling me with your cum, and crying out. And I, finally allowed release but unable to move, scream in ecstasy, finishing yet not being able to let my body release as it is wont to do. The tension, the pleasure, all comes out in that one scream. It is done.

~_~_~_~_~_~_~

You rest on me for a few moments, my legs still over your shoulders, before lifting off and allowing my legs down. At this point, my body allows itself the release and I begin to shudder violently, moaning at the feel of it. Each shudder shifts your cock inside of me, and it just triggers more pleasure. My body eventually calms down, and we just rest a moment, you on top of me, you inside me.

And the moment I dread comes, where you withdraw yourself. I feel as though something is being torn from me, and again I moan, but in disappointment. You slip back into me, shocking me into gasping, then slide back out and roll onto your side next to me.

After a few seconds, you reach over for a towel. But I somehow manage to roll over and take you into my mouth, once again, cleaning you off. Your shorter self is not as easy to hold, and the entire area is covered in our mingled juices. But I do manage to get you and I slip you between my lips, sucking as much cum off of you as I can. My tongue caresses as much of you as possible, gathering as much of us as I can and swallowing it down. I lick your cock, your balls, the soft, smooth skin that you've so recently shaved. And I clean you as thoroughly my tongue can possibly do.
