 The sunlight streams through the window, enveloping you in its warm glow, as I sit up in the bed, watching you, remembering. Your hair, rumpled and tumbling around your face, as you lie there so peacefully, a slight smile on your sleeping face. I smile as well as I remember grabbing that hair, pushing myself deeper into that sweet mouth...

My eyes trace your body, covered only by the soft linen sheet, a bare arm and shoulder teasing me with the nakedness that lies beneath, as I remember that body, covered with the sheen of sweat, your voice crying out my name...

I watch as you shift in your sleep...is that a slight moan I hear, perhaps your own remembrances of our night of passion entering into your dreams? You are so beautiful as you lie there, peacefully sleeping. My mind races a bit faster as I watch you, my cock lifting in response to all of the delicious thoughts that are running through my head. I ache to touch you, to wake you, to kiss you, our bodies merging together once more; but I can't bear the thought of waking you from your much-deserved sleep.

To clear my mind a bit, I slip out of the bed, careful not to disturb you, and walk quietly over to the washroom. I close the door behind me, and start the water running in the shower, waiting for the water to warm up, hoping the sound of the water isn't disturbing you. I let my boxers slip to the floor, my still semi-hard cock stirring a bit as the fabric slides over it, and I step into the hot shower, sighing as the water pours over me. I grab the soap, and lather myself up quickly, trying not to prolong this, although my hand does linger a moment on my cock, feeling it harden fully, remembering our bath together the night prior, our hands everywhere, enjoying every crevice of each other's bodies, remembering pushing you onto your back right there in the tub and mounting you, fucking you with abandon, the water swirling around us, lapping against our bare skin, your head thrown back in ecstasy...

I turn off the shower, stepping out and grabbing a towel, quickly drying off. My body is tingling with arousal as I silently open the door to the washroom, the cooler air of the room outside raising goosebumps on my skin. I slip into an armchair at the foot of the bed, still naked, and watch you again. You've shifted onto your side, the curve of your hip evident through the thin linen sheet, the tops of your breasts now slightly exposed. My mind is a tumbled mix of desire and tenderness as I think about how I had treated those sexy hips, bending you over the side of the bed, nudging my cock against your asshole, teasing you with it a bit, my hands firmly holding onto you, rotating your hips against me, then shoving my cock all the way into you with one push...

My cock is now straining, a drop of precum even standing out from the tip, and I can't resist you any longer. As I think about the many sumptuous ways of waking you, you shift again in your sleep, rolling onto your back, your knees slightly bent and splayed to either side, and a slow grin develops on my face as I decide on my plan...

I reach out, slowly untucking the bottom of the bed sheet, careful not to disturb you too much...yet. I then slip my head and shoulders underneath, and slither up into the bed, carefully spreading your legs a bit wider as I slide up. I can't resist kissing one smooth thigh, and I linger there for a moment, my lips and tongue enjoying the feel of your soft skin. You stir slightly at my kiss, but you remain in a deep sleep, and I kiss further up your leg, spreading your legs yet a bit wider...

I smile as I see your sweet pussy come into view, remembering the feel of it clenching around my hard cock as it thrust deep inside you, my cum spurting out, our voices both raised as we cried out together...

I blow gently on your pussy, smiling bigger as I imagine how what I'm about to do may affect your dreams, wondering when the stimulation will get too strong for your body to let you stay asleep...

I reach out my tongue and very softly lick you in one full swipe from perineum to the top of your sweet pussy lips, letting the saliva trail out of my mouth, moistening you up. I enjoy the raw taste of you, the remnants of our lovemaking last night evident, as I turn my head slightly to the side and lick my way back down, fluttering my tongue over you slightly. You stir again and a slight moan escapes your lips...I pause, not yet wanting you to wake. Satisfied that you are still sleeping, I press my tongue more firmly against you, pushing apart your pussy lips slightly, again licking you from bottom to top and back down again. My hands slide up, and gently slip under your ass, as I shift your position slightly, giving you a bit of a squeeze for good measure. I suck at the folds of your lips, my tongue now fluttering against you. I am already starting to taste some of your fresh juices and realize that you had to have been a bit aroused already, and imagine again what must be going on in your dreams...

I work my way up to your clit, which is already starting to poke its way slightly out of your lips, and I stroke the tip of my tongue over it. That definitely provokes a reaction in you, your body twitching and a slight gasp coming from your mouth. I smile to myself as I lightly swirl my tongue around it, my right hand slipping out from under your ass, the thumb pressing against your opening, not entering but rubbing in a circular motion at your entrance, feeling the wetness growing between your sweet lips. I place my lips around your hood and suck on you, my tongue continuing to tease your now fully exposed clit, careful not to overstimulate you at the same time.

I release your clit, and kiss up over your mound, my thumb now pressing gently inside you to the knuckle. I moan a bit myself as I feel the heat and wetness inside, my cock grind a bit against the mattress, itching to be inside you. Your juices are beginning to drip down into my hand, and I press my now-lubricated index finger against your asshole, teasing it a bit. Your body is definitely stirring and I know I have very little time before you wake...

I lick again at your sweetness, my tongue lapping just above where my thumb is entering you, tasting you, swirling around your clit at the top of each stroke. You let out a moan as you stir, the sensations coursing through your body no longer letting you sleep, as you instinctively reach for my head, holding me against you, fingers stroking through my hair and guiding my head to where you need me to be, still waking up and your mind just registering what has been happening to you while you slept.

I hear your breath coming faster and faster, as you moan and thrash, your hips beginning to buck against me as I latch on to your clit, my thumb thrusting in and out of you, fingers still teasing the opening of your asshole. You scream in ecstasy, your orgasm surprising even yourself with its intensity, as I hold onto you for dear life, still licking and sucking you lovingly, fully enjoying the pleasure I am giving to you. Your hands grab onto my hair, insistently pulling me up, my mouth reluctantly leaving your sweetness but my body eagerly sliding up you, my rock hard cock slipping naturally into you as I begin to fuck you with abandon, our cries mingling together....