 My mind still reeled from the previous night. 

Krista had blown me, and I had cum in her mouth. Those were the facts. I had also licked her pussy, and she had cum all over my face. Also the facts. But then she had taken off, and I had let her. Should I have followed her, or was it safe to have let her go?

Most importantly: What came next?

I didn't sleep much that night. I tried to lay out all of the facts, but none of it seemed right. It all seemed to jumble together on the page. I couldn't believe that the sexiest girl I knew, Krista, that she might want to get with me.

But it wasn't just that, I decided. Maybe it once was, back when I saw her filling out her sports bra and yoga shorts. But not anymore. There was passion in what happened last night. I had to speak to her. I knew it. We had to see what would happen.

I got up and went out my door and up to hers, close as they were. I knocked and then it opened immediately and she was there. She was dressed in a sheer nightie and she said nothing. Then she took a step forward.

Suddenly her mouth was on mine and her body pressed against me. This was everything that last night hadn't been, her body fitting perfectly into me, her breath creeping along to my ear, her kisses at my neck.

Her voice was then at my ear, low and thick with lust. 

"Make love to me," she said. "Fuck me. Fill me. Then we'll know if this is right or not." Then her lips returned to mine and our tongues danced together and I bit at her lip and she let a soft moan escape into my mouth. Her hips ground against mine and I felt my dick hardening and she pulled back and then grinned at me and her hand was in the loose boxers I was wearing, wrapped around my cock. She stroked me gently as she continued to kiss me, releasing me only to draw me towards the bed, pulling my cock gently as she led the way. 

When we reached her bed, she pushed me back and then pulled my pants down so that my cock was free and hard in the air. She wasted no time. She spat on it, slicking it down with saliva and then taking it in hand to stroke me. She smiled and watched the muddled ecstasy that danced across my face and I couldn't resist anything anymore and so I relaxed and laid back, all the tension evaporating from my body.

That's when she took me in her mouth. Whatever last night had been, it was nothing compared to this. She took me first gently, her tongue lapping around my head in slow circles, the flat of it tickling underneath my perineum where it was most sensitive. She quickly slipped her tongue in and out along this tender place, then took me deeper yet into her throat, bringing her nose almost to my pelvis.

She was warm and wet all around and my cock was buried into the back of her throat and I couldn't yet grasp that this was happening. It was all too fast—it was all too good. So instead of thinking and doubting I just took her head into my hands and thrusted my cock deeper, feeling the way her jaw opened and her tongue stretched its way to my balls. She gagged and I released her head and a great stream of spit stretched from her mouth to my cock and then fell to her reddening chest.

She tore her shirt off then. Or maybe I did, I don't remember. My cock was throbbing but I didn't care, I needed her to feel as good as I did. I took her breast in my hand and brought my face to it, licking and slipping my way around her nipple. She buried her hand in my hair and moaned and wriggled her hips against me. She had on thin panties underneath, white ones with little cats dancing across them. They were cute and sexy and I just couldn't think and all I felt was her against me, warm and moistening and then her legs were around me, and I just kept licking her breast. I kissed my way down her chest, stopping briefly when her hand found my dick. She started jerking it softly, and it felt like the first time ever. Her hand was impossibly soft, impeccably tight. She danced her fingers around my head and twisted her wrist as she rose. 

I managed to gain a hold of myself, kissing my way back down to her navel, lower still. Her panties were there and then I took them to the side, paying no heed to them, no interest in removing them. Her clit protruded and I took it in my mouth and then there was ecstasy for us both, a great sigh yawning from her throat. My tongue ate at her, licking up all that was sweet and good from her cunt. My fingers flickered at her entrance like sunlight on tree-beams, and her hand tightened on me, stunned into immobility. I kept going, thrusting my hips in and out of her tight fist, even as I licked her up. Her legs wrapped around my head and pulled me deeper, my fingers exploring upwards to her nipples. They flicked and pulled on them and Krista made yet more noise and for a moment we were content.

Then she released my cock and took my head in her hands and kissed me, the kind of kiss where you draw into another person, where you feel them deeply and then your brain ceases and all you feel is yourself, for you and them are one and that must be love, that sweet elusive thing. Or is it illusive? Either way, you know it's that, even if you can't describe it, and then suddenly I'm inside her, my cock has been taken in hand and brought to her and then it's in her and she's biting at my neck and wrapping her legs around me, and she's soft, so soft, and we're in her sheets and the bed moans gently to match our own guttural cries and there is nothing but each other. 

I thrust into her, each push matched by an aching pull, a tightness that threatens to bring me to a point of no return. I don't want this to end, I don't want to cum. She moans back into my mouth and rotates herself to be on top of me. She slaps her body against mine, her pussy gripping my dick as she rides me. My hands find her ass, then her hips. They do nothing more than guide her, for I am hers and she is mine and I know nothing other than this moment. I sit up and my mouth is at her breasts again, her soft tits brushing at my lips, hard from my efforts. 

I push her back and now I'm on top again, she's mine and each thrust brings her closer to her own bliss. Her legs wrap around me and now I'm trapped, teeth at my neck, at my ear. I keep thrusting, and she thrusts her hips back at me. Wet sounds fill the room, timed with our low grunts. It is utterly quiet but my head is filled with a kind of music that sings unceasingly and then my hand is at her clit, rubbing it slowly as I bury my cock to its hilt. 

That's it. It's too much. I explode inside her and she thrusts eagerly back, driving her hips over me and back to me, milking out everything there is. Everything I gave her is in her, filling her, and my thumb has not stopped its ministrations, for now she cums too, her lip bit to prevent the scream that breaks free anyway, the one that carries itself to a peak, shrill and joyous—

—And then it is gone. We've collapsed into one another. My cock is out now, soft and useless. It's still damp with her juices and I can see the slow trickle of cum that oozes from her pink slit and yet there's not satisfaction in that, simply the feeling of a breath long held. We lie next to each other and neither speaks. We don't know what time it is. Moments only exist with us as their witnesses and these have been spent. 

Krista finally speaks. "That. . . That was something."

"Yeah," I say. "It was."

"We can't do it again though."

"What?"

"It won't work. We're roommates, not lovers. It changes the dynamic. It changes everything. I wanted to see what we could have. I owed you that. I owed myself that."

"But—"

"I love you too much to ruin this. This was great. Let's just have that memory."

I pause. "You're right." I meant it, too. Relationships are doomed to end, either in separation or death. There's no pain to come if you never start one.

Then I look at her, naked and beautiful. Her brown eyes incessant. They meet mine and I move over to her and curl against her. My tongue idly caresses her breast and she begins to move, her legs twining together. 

"Once more," I say. "For all the times that will never be."

She looks at me. She nods. "Once more," she says.

My hand drifts down to her clit, starts to circle it. She's still wet from before, and my cock is beginning to harden. This would be different. This wasn't exploratory. I looked at her and saw the fire in the eyes and knew that as this would be the last, we would do it right. I would fuck her, the way she wanted to be fucked. She would fuck me back. This was how it would be. 

My cock is in her hand. She grips me and strokes me and it aches with the pleasure from before and the pleasure yet to come. I'm so hard, and still I feel like I'm hardening. I wrapped my hand around her back and brought her breast close to me and her hand is in my hair and I'm licking away at her, my fingers slipping from her clit to her cunt, my forefinger diving deep into her pussy. My thumb remains at her clit and she moans a deep moan that cuts across my heart and makes me want to weep for all the times that wouldn't be. I yearn to preserve that sound in my memory, the same way one wishes to preserve a perfect day or a moment of laughter that is doomed to fade through either memory or time or illness.

I've had enough. Enough of waiting. I push her onto her back and she looks at me with a kind of panicked hunger and she spreads her legs for me and I waste no time, teasing her lips with my cockhead before plunging everything I am into her. Her legs wrap around me and that sweet tightness, that warmth, everything she is grips me and holds me and I don't want to be hold, I want to fuck, I want to feel, I want Krista and I want her to know that I want her. I pin her arms back against the sheets, and I begin to thrust my hips into her rhythmically, faster and faster. 

This time, her legs don't wrap around me. Instead they spread, wider and wider. She pulls at me, beckoning me to go deeper, and I can feel my orgasm building in me, the tidewater rushing out before the tsunami hits. I'm not ready. This can't be over. I pull her mouth into mine for a kiss and then before I get there, I pull out, flip her around. Her ass is in the air and her back is arced and I can see how perfectly round it is. She backs up into me and my cock is in her pussy again, and I fuck her doggy-style, the way an ass like that should be fucked. Her cheeks bounce as she slams back against me, for she's fucking me too, she needs this as badly as I do. 

I take her hips in my hand. I slap her ass and watching the way the redness spreads across. She tightens when I do it. Her pussy grips me more and I can tell that it's coming, that whatever we were and are is about to end.

"I'm gonna cum," I say. It's all I can say.

"Hold on," she says. "I'm nearly there."

So I keep fucking her, bending my frame over her so that I can reach around and play with her breasts. I kiss the back of her neck and pull her hair and I can feel her hand dancing against her clit as I fuck her, she's trying to get herself off with my cock buried in her and then I can feel her tensing—tensing—

"I'm gonna cum," she cries, and then it begins, she's cumming on my dick and she's bouncing against me even faster and it's too much so even as she's still cumming, I pull my cock out of her and cum shoots across her ass, onto the small of her back, running down across every smooth part of her. She keeps twitching, even with my cum on her back. She's not done yet. She cries softly and her eyes squint shut as she shakes.

Finally, she comes to the end.

"That was good," she says. "That was really good."

"It was." 

"You understand why we can't keep up like this, though, right?" 

"Yeah, I do. I'm not gonna jeopardize it either."

"Good. I don't want you to think it wouldn't be great. I think it'd be amazing."

"Me, too."

I get up from the bed. I can't cuddle this time. I walk past her discarded clothes, picking up my own as I go. I exit the room silently and close the door shut behind me. I walk down the hallway, still naked, to the back of the place. There's a patio door that stretches across the back wall. It's raining out. I watch the rain for a while. It falls in the quiet way, the way it does when there is neither a storm nor sun expected any time soon.