 .....The Morning After

By TG Stone

I'd got a job on the East coast, and had to find somewhere to live pretty quick. The web makes that a lot easier these days, and within a day I'd not only found Lloyd's lovely 3 bedroom house, but moved in. He was away quite a bit with his job in engineering, and was renting out 2 rooms – so, a house share. Great, much better than a tiny little bedsit, and hopefully I could have some laughs with people who already knew the town.

Sadly, the other sharer was Danny – who was a typical 22 year old lad. Either in the pub or on the X Box, hogging the tv. Didn't get the concept of washing up, didn't talk much due to having headphones in most of the time, and wore t shirts with slogans like 'I don't do uglies'. Charming. We sort of ignored each other, by mutual consent.

After a couple of months, it was the 30th birthday of one of the girls at work, so on the Friday we got our nails done, fished out the killer heels, and hit the town hard. Much wine was drunk, many songs were strangled in karaoke, there were some tears at the end, and a heck of a lot of laughter throughout. A proper good girl's night out. I even found a very fit young doctor in the last bar, and had 15 minutes of quality snogging and arse groping in the shadows, until the girls pulled me off to the taxi. Shame, it's been a while, and I was seriously up for fucking him. Then again, I was absolutely full of white wine, which does bring out my inner slut pretty effectively.

The taxi dropped me off outside Lloyd's house, but the girls made the driver wait til I was inside. Good job really, I nearly went crashing through the door when I missed the step. I grabbed the edge of the wall and steadied myself, turned round, and gave the girls a full military salute. The taxi went, with the sound of women cackling inside fading down the street.

After finally getting the key to do it's job, I gingerly tottered up the hall, using the wall for support. I'd cracked a nail when I nearly made an emergency entrance....and was stood staring at my hand repeatedly saying 'Fuck', when Danny walked through from the kitchen. He started to laugh, eventually saying 'So, good night out Liz?'

'Excellent night thank you' I replied, but this made him laugh again. 

He said 'Well, you're swaying, you can't really talk properly, and your dress is all over the show – so it was definitely a top night. Come sit down, if you can. I'll get you a glass.'

'Why not?' I thought, and after carefully rounding the coffee table and a lamp, collapsed down into the armchair. Danny returned with a wine glass, and poured me a drink. He was smiling, and after he'd sat down on the sofa opposite said 'It's good to have a bit of a blow out now and again eh? So, let's see what state your memory's in – tell me all about it then.'

Apparently, for the next hour, that's exactly what I did. Helped on with more wine, I replayed every moment, every bar, every sad pick-up line we'd suffered, every emotional confession we'd uttered while in a group-hug at the taxi rank. I went into great detail about the young doctor. Danny was laughing again, saying 'Right, that explains the dress!' 

Sometime after 3, my eyes must have started to close. Danny came over, put my glass on the table, and said 'Come on Liz, I think it's past your bedtime. You go first, I'll catch you if you have an incident on the stairs.' 

So I stood up – well, Danny helped me up – and once my legs felt like they were going to play ball, strode off up the hallway. Holding firmly on to the rail I eventually made it upstairs, Danny behind me, and both of us giggling. At the top he turned right to his room, and said 'G'night Liz, glad you had a belter.' That was that, his door closed, and about 10 seconds later I was asleep on my bed.

Saturday morning was truly, truly horrible. I felt like I'd been in a boxing match, and the sun coming through the window stung my eyes. 'Shit, this is not good' I said outloud, but knew that what usually helped after a night on the razz was a very long soak in a hot bath. I rolled to the side of the bad - and looking like a little old lady, slowly got up. My dress was lying on the floor, so at least I'd taken that off. I padded out to the bathroom, my head pounding with every step.

Each drop of cheap white from last night seemed to be crystalised in my mouth. The bath could wait a minute, I had to clean my teeth. I rested against the sink, and reached for my brush, trying not to look in the mirror – I knew it wouldn't be a pretty sight. I'm brushing away, trying to be gentle with my poor head, and the door opens. At this I do look into the mirror, to see Danny walk in. He's wearing just grey joggers, and a smirk as he looks me up and down. Shit. I'm in last night's bra and thong, and nothing else. Stationary tooth brush in my mouth, panda eyes looking back at him from the mirror, and my butt on display.

'Gotta take a leak Liz, I'm bursting' he says. He turns to the toilet, lifts the lid, and I hear liquid hitting the water hard. He sighs a big thankful sigh.

Oh well, there's only one bathroom I suppose....but I'm not over the moon about the situation. Seconds tick by, me still not moving, it seems like the longest piss in the world. I'm looking in the mirror at his shoulders. They're good, broad; and still a bit tanned from his last holiday. I'd never thought about Danny's body, him not really being my type.

The waterfall stops, and I see the unmistakeable triple shrug of his arm as he shakes himself dry. Through my head runs, 'Great, now even if you were a nice housemate last night, fuck off Danny and don't check out my arse again.' But he doesn't leave – he turns, leans his head over a little, and stares right at my ass. A smile creeps across his face. Oh brilliant, I'm cornered here, and he's gonna have some fun at my expense. 

Eventually he walks up behind me. I'm staring hard into the mirror at him, hoping his little joke ends soon. Quietly he says 'Fucking quality rear Liz.' I take the toothbrush out of my mouth and am just about to politely ask him to go forth when his finger brushes gently down my ass cheek. Jesus, what the fuck is this? For a 'Take the piss out of the nearly naked girl with a hangover moment', that's going a bit far Danny. 

Then he leans over a little, and starting just above the back of my knee, slowly runs the tips of his fingers up my thigh. He trails them down again, then back up. His head's really near mine now, his chin almost on my shoulder. Four fingers reach my arse, pulse on my skin for a second, then slide forward. He rests one finger on my sex through the cotton. I gasp. Christ, having Danny's hand on my cunt this morning was certainly not on the cards.

Maybe because I hadn't slapped him – even though that had crossed my mind - the finger stayed there. Then he started to push gently on my folds in a circle, opening me up through the flimsy material. I'm shocked, but surprise myself by letting out a very small moan. Maybe it was the last of the wine still in my body, maybe the unfinished business with the young doctor, but Danny's finger probing me felt good.

I relaxed, and parted my feet a little. One finger was joined by another, both drawing circles on my lips. The thong was disappearing into me, and Danny hooked his fingers inside it. I was getting wet, and he slid his fingertip into my cunt. Fuck, that made me moan properly.

He kept on with the circles, sliding the tops of his fingers just into me on the down stroke, then spreading my juices out on my lips on the up. He was teasing me – just enough to keep me building, keep me wanting more. Every time he came so close to my clit, but steered away. The poor thing was begging for Danny to reach up and touch it, but he kept massaging my lips.

The thong was getting in the way. I raised my hands to my waist to take it off, but in my ear Danny whispered 'No.' He pulled the crimpled material to the side. It was soaked, and just stuck there. 

He had free access now, and ran his finger up to part first one lip, then the other. He slid that finger inside me, coating it with juice, then at last trailed it slowly up to my clit. When he rested it on my bud I nearly cried out. I'd been made to wait too long for that. He started drawing tiny circles on my bead, occasionally pressing down harder. Christ, Danny was playing me the way I do it myself. My breathing got deeper, thoughts were blanked out as the waves of pleasure slowly started to build.

He'd go back to my cunt and gather up more juice, then up again for more circles on my clit. A thumb and finger were holding my lips apart now, making the skin a little tight, bring out my swollen clit even more. This unhurried massage went on and on, until I felt myself bite my lip. I started to shudder lightly, and had to grip on to the basin. Danny went a little faster and firmer, staying that way patiently, till my quivering built into a single moment of my body clutching completely tight. Then the surge overtook me. 'Fuck, yes!' I cried out, as the spasms and shudders pulsed through me.

Danny slowed to a gentle caress, barely touching me. The tingles were delicious. I expected him to stop, slide his hand away, but he kept tenderly stroking my clit. Jesus, after a bit of this I felt another wave start to rise. Danny sensed this and pressed a little firmer, more and more. The next explosion came quick inside me, and nearly made my knees give. I'm not used to having a second orgasm with a guy. I had to hold even harder on the sink not to fall. Completely spent, exhausted but fucking glowing, I slumped forward and rested my forehead on the cool glass of the mirror in front.

After a moment I sprang up with a jolt, and hissed 'Where the hell is Lloyd?' not wanting to be caught out by another unexpected bathroom guest. 

'Er, visiting his mum' Danny said. Phew, I rested forward again, breathing heavily.

I sensed Danny straighten, and pull away for a second. Then the hot, hard head of his cock nestled against my arse cheek. Jeez, the thing felt full. Then I could feel his hand, gripping himself, easing the skin back and forth against me. I glanced in the mirror, Danny's eyes half shut, as he slowly rubbed his cock on my butt.

He wasn't in a hurry, and just kept massaging the base of the head between finger and thumb. Smooth warm flesh burned into me. A little twitch, Danny groaned, and his wank picked up pace. He was sliding his hand up and down the whole shaft now, using my skin on one side, lingering at the bottom of his cock as his fingers squeezed.

I reached behind me, and cupped his balls in my hand. Another groan. I started to roll them lightly from one to the other. His cock stroke got faster, more urgent. Using my nails, I gently clawed up and down his very full sac. I watched in the mirror as Danny tilted his head back, eyes shut tight. His hand began to feel like a blur against me.

He started to move away, a low voice muttering 'Liz, I've gotta cum, now.' I held him in place by his balls, and pulled him back onto me. 

'Well....cum on me then,' I said.

A few moments later, a hot jet hit my arse cheek, Danny moaning 'Fuck' over and over. Then a second jet of thick liquid landed on me, just as the first began trickling down my cheeks. He rubbed his cock head into my ass, squeezing the last drops out of himself, spasming every few seconds.

Eventually he leant forward, resting his head on mine. We were both holding on to the basin now, heads down, breathing slowly. We must have looked a right picture - bloke with joggers round his ankles, spent cock nuzzling between my butt; and me with knickers to one side, and a happy throbbing clit.

Against the odds, me and Danny were an item for a few months. It was never that serious, we weren't gonna end up buying furniture together in Ikea. But we had a lot of fun, and did a lot of filthy things. He was never going to give up the pub and X box, though I did manage to get him to buy a few nicer t shirts. It was a little bit weird for Lloyd, having two housemates spending all weekend in one bedroom giggling, with occasional groans coming through the floorboards.

Eventually I got posted off to a new position on the other side of the country, and we kissed and waved goodbye. Danny was spot on with what he said just after our first episode in the bathroom though.....'There's no better hangover cure.'



####



Many, many thanks for reading. Hope you had fun ;)

(c) TG Stone 2013

All rights reserved.