 As soon as I started coming to I knew I wasn't home in my own bed and that I wasn't alone! But I had no idea where the hell I was or who I was sleeping with! All I knew for sure was that I had to take a wicked piss and I was naked!

I slowly rolled over on my side to see if I knew who I was sleeping with! Hopefully then I could figure out where I was! When I saw the naked woman sleeping beside me, I thought to myself, Holy Shit! I must have really gotten lucky last night because she wasn't only attractive, she was extremely attractive, in a womanly sort of way. But sadly I didn't recognize her.

By the way she was lying there it looked as if she had gotten undressed, fallen on the bed, and passed out. She was breathing deeply causing her chest to raise and fall as she inhaled and exhaled making a soft snoring sound.

I couldn't take my eyes off her. She was a fair skinned freckle faced beauty. Her long thick copper colored hair was splayed out on the pillow around her face. Her black eye makeup was smudged over her eyes and on her cheeks making her look like a raccoon.

As I admired her, I noticed that she was somewhat overweight, not fat or obese, but nicely rounded in a very feminine sort of way. Her smallish breasts had some stretch marks on them probably from breast feeding. She had a lewd set of red lips with a tongue hanging out tattooed on her left breast.

Her little tits were tipped with small haft dollar sized pink areolas and nipples. As I ogled her breasts, my mouth was starting to water and my dick was beginning to pulse with desire despite how badly I needed to drain my tube.

She also had some stretch marks around her navel and on her abdomen from child bearing. Her mound of Venus and womanhood were covered with a neatly trimmed thick mat of red pubic hair. She had a trail of fine red hairs on the insides of her milky white thighs that ran halfway down to her knees. Her legs were thick but well-toned making them pleasant to look at.

I had all I could do to keep myself from leaning over her and sucking and nibbling on her nipples and slipping my hand between her soft looking thighs and cupping her cunt. But somehow I managed to control myself and resisted my innate primal urges.

Unfortunately, I still couldn't remember who she was or what we did the night before! But on the positive side, I didn't have one of those horrible freaking hangovers that I usually get when I drink too much.

I would have been perfectly content just to lie there admiring her physical charms and fantasizing about coupling with her but I had to piss so freaking bad. I was forced to pry my leering eyes off her to look for a toilet. As I glanced across the bedroom, I spotted a door on the opposite side of the room and hoped it was the master bathroom.

So I gently slipped off the edge of the bed trying not to disturb her. As I stood up, I noticed that our clothes were strewn all over the floor. Then I spotted a pretty pair of red panties on the floor by the foot of the bed. I instinctively bent over and picked them up.

I was just holding them up to admire them. But I lost control of myself and rubbed them against my face and sniffed the slightly soiled crotch. While I was savoring the musty scent of her womanhood, I smiled as I sucked in my breath and thought to myself we must have had a hell of a time last night!

Then I frowned as I exhaled because that's when it occurred to me that I couldn't remember a fucking thing about what we did or didn't do the night before! Then I dropped her panties as they fluttered to the floor I headed for what I hoped was a bathroom. 

By the looks of her bathroom, it was obvious this woman wasn't the neatest person in the world. It appeared as if she just dropped her clothes wherever she took them off and left them there. Not surprisingly, the countertop around the sink was cluttered with a woman's makeup and toiletries.

I tried to pee as quietly as I possibly could so I wouldn't disturb her. But once I started my bladder just let go and my urine came rushing out the end of my dick like water out of a freaking fire hose. It shot out of me so fast and furiously, it sounded like Niagara Falls was crashing into the toilet bowl. To make matters worse, I didn't think I was ever going to stop.

When I finally finished draining my tube, I washed my hands and splashed some cold water on my face to wake myself up. I was standing there trying to clear my mind when I spotted a bottle of mouthwash amongst the clutter on the counter. I helped myself to a capful hoping to freshen my breath and get that horrible morning after taste out of my mouth.

When I returned to the bedroom, the woman was awake and sitting up. She had her legs tucked up against her chest with her arms wrapped around them with her head resting on the tops of her knees. She looked at me curiously like she was trying to remember something. Then she said, "Good morning, Stud."

Then she asked before I could answer, "How are feeling?"

"Aah, okay, I guess," I replied sounding kind of embarrassed due to my alcohol induced lapse of memory.

Before I could say anything else, she looked at me strangely and asked sounding kind of embarrassed herself, "What happened last night? The last thing I remembered was my mother telling me she was going to drive us home because we were too drunk to drive!"

"Huh, oh, really. I'm sorry but I don't remember much about last night," was all I could think to say.

She went on to say, "Holy shit, Stud, I didn't think you were ever going to stop pissing. But now it's my turn. I have to piss so freaking bad, it feels like my teeth are floating and my ears are sails." Then she slipped off the edge of the bed and scooted across the room.

I'm an ass and leg man and needless to say I wanted to see hers. I turned my head and watched as she scampered across the room. She had a lovely large heart sharped butt that bounced and jiggled ever so nicely as she hurried across the room.

As she entered the bathroom, I flopped back down on the bed trying to bring back the events of the night before. But all I could remember was shooting pool and drinking beer with the guys that hung around in Billy Bob's.

So I just lay there listening to her loud sigh of relief as she began emptying her bladder. Then I heard the toilet being flushed followed by water running in the sink and then I heard her gargling. It seemed like she was in there forever.

When she finally came out she was still completely naked. But I could see she had washed her face, pulled her hair back into a pony tail and put on some fresh pink lipstick. Her little boobies were bobbing up and down and she was deliberately swaying her hips from side to side as she casually strolled across the room.

I couldn't take my eyes off her red bush. And I was completely mesmerized by the way her thick freckle covered thighs brushed against each other as she walked.

As she approached the bed, my cock was beginning to pulse and got rock hard again. But this time, it wasn't because I had to piss!

As she sat down beside me she grinned at me lasciviously and said, "You don't remember anything about last night either!"

I replied honestly, "No I really don't remember much about last night at all." Then I admitted shamefully," Ever since I woke up, I've been trying to figure out who you are"

She had a shocked, surprised expression on her face as she said, "Danny, I'm Easy Eva Dickerson, We went to high school together!"

My mind was still a total blank. While I was trying to recall my high school days, she went on to say, "When we came into the bar last night, you were shooting pool. After your game, you brought us a round of drinks and asked if you could join us. Then we all started flirting with you. That's when you told us you were going to screw us all silly!"

"Huh? All of you. No, I didn't." I stuttered nervously. Then I groaned, "Oh, God, did I really say that?"

She was laughing as she said, "Oh, hell yeah. "

She was still smirking as she added, "That's right, Stud, you said you were going to fuck all of us bowlegged"

She had tears in her eyes and was laughing hysterically as she went on to say, "That's right, lover boy. You told us you were going to take care of all three of us, me, my daughter, and even my mother!"

She was still giggling, as she went on to say, "You told us after we've been fucked by you. We'd never be happy with any other man."

As I tried to apologize, she stopped me and said, "It's alright, Stud. We wanted to have some fun last night. So we went bar hopping after work!"

She paused briefly. Then she went on to say, "Anyway, that's when we ran into you. "

"Oh, yeah, now I think. I remember you!" I said as the vague memories of her started coming back to me.

When I started high school and tried out for the football team, she was one of the cheerleaders. I thought she was hot so I asked around about her. 

All the guys I asked about her called her easy Eva and they all claimed to have had sex with her.

Then I really wanted to meet her! But before I could work up the courage to talk to her and ask her out, she'd gotten knocked up and was forced to leave school. So that was the end of that.

Eva stretched out on her side beside me. She bent her arm and was resting her chin in her hand as she bowed out her upper leg until her knee was lightly touching the side of my thigh.

She casually put her other hand on my knee and slowly ran it upward over my thigh as she said, in a deep sultry sounding voice, "You know, Danny Boy, I think we really must have had a great time last night. It's a shame we can't remember anything about it!"

She was grinning at me as she leaned over and stuck the tip of her of tongue inside my ear and swirled it around sending wicked shivers of pleasure and passion up and down my spine.

Then she blew in my ear as she asked in a very slutty sounding voice, "What do you think, Danny Boy? Wanna to see if we can remember what we did last night?"

Before I could answer her, she reached over grabbed my dick and squeezed it, as she asked, "Are you really going to screw my brains out? Or are you all talk?"

I didn't bother to answer her. Instead I rolled over on my side facing her and put my arm over her waist and grabbed the soft spongy cheek of her ass and pulled her firmly against me.

Our body's instinctively molded together. As I nipped her ear lobe and kneaded the cheek of her ass, Eva was already beginning to rock her hips back and forth in the innate fucking motion and she was starting to breath heavily.

When I began kissing the side of her neck, Eva cooed softly, "Oh, oh," and gently began pumping her hips back and forth against mine.

When I nipped the soft flesh between her neck and shoulders and started sucking on it. She went nuts and began slamming herself against me as she cried out, "OH, God, don't give me a fucking hickey. Oh, baby, stop, stop sucking on my neck. Oh fuck that does feel good."

While I continued sucking on her neck and kneading the soft rubbery cheek of her ass, Eva was making, loud gasping sounds and franticly pumping herself back and forth against me.

Eva finally lifted her leg over my hip and wrapped it around the back of my thigh. As she struggled to pull me over on top of her she sighed, "Danny, I can't wait any longer. I need you in me now."

I rolled over on top of her as I got between her legs. I lifted myself up with my arms and bent my head down over her chest and began licking around her areolas and flicking the tip of my tongue back and forth across her taut nipples.

When I nipped the tip of her harden nipple between my teeth and gently began nibbling on it, she started squirming around under me moaning, "Oh, God, Oh, God, Danny, you're driving me crazy."

Then Eva pushed my dick between her thighs and rubbed it up and down over the length of her pussy as she said in her husky lust choked voice, "Danny, I'm so fucking horny I can't stand it any longer. I need you in me now. But, we need to be quiet! I don't want to wake up my mother and kids."

"Okay," was all I said? When I felt her rubbing the head of my dick between her moist pussy lips, I instinctively started pushing it against her but it wouldn't go in. She gasped, "Slow down. Wait a minute it's not in the right place yet."

Then she lifted her hips and wiggled around as she guided the head of my dick against the snug opening of her vagina.

When she got it in place, Eva whispered, "That's it. Now shove that big thick dick of yours into me. Shove it all the fucking way into me and fuck me silly!"

As I started going into her she lifted her hips, taking me deeper and deeper into her unbelievably soft snug cunt. As my cock was sliding into her, she began rolling her head from side to side muttering, "Oh, God, Danny it feels so good."

"Holy Christ, Eva," I groaned in disbelief, then I sighed, "you're still as tight as a teenager,"

Eva's eyes were half closed and she was breathing though her mouth as she asked, sounding quite pleased with herself. "What's the matter, Stud, didn't you expect me to be this tight?"

I didn't know how to answer her so I said honestly, "OH God, Eva, my cock feels like it belongs in you."

"Do, do you really like being in me?" she cooed,

I answered excitedly, "Yes, yes. Oh, hell Yes. I've wanted to... be with ever since I was a kid in high school."

"That's Good, because I've wanted you ever since we were in high school too, "she replied.

Then she said, "Now fuck me."

I slowly began lifting my hips withdrawing myself from her and gently easing myself back into her. 

After a few strokes, Eva lifted her knees up by my sides and wrapped her arms around my neck and began making, mmm, mmm, mmm sounds every time I pushed and pulled myself in and out of her soft warm cunt.

I knew Eva, was on the verge of cumin because I could feel her getting wetter and wetter and she was moaning louder and louder as I drove my dick in and out of her clinging cunt. The next I knew Eva, began jerking her hips up with each of my downward thrusts forcing me deeper into the depths of her vagina. 

I knew I was also on the verge of cumin because I could feel my balls beginning to tighten and tingle with every stroke of my cock. I couldn't contain myself any longer, even if I wanted to so I began slamming myself into her like a lust crazed maniac. 

Her cunt seemed to be gripping my dick tighter and tighter with each and every one of my downward thrusts. It felt like she was trying to hold me inside her with her pussy muscles.

Eva was rolling her head from side to side with her mouth open gasping for breath. Her eyes were rolled back into her head. Then her body started jerking and twitching under mine. Before I realized what was happening, she arched her back up as her body started to tremble.

Then she went totally berserk and began digging her fingertips into my back. As she cried out at the top of her lungs, "OH, God, I'm gonna cum, I'm going to fucking cum." 

Suddenly Eva, pushed her feet into the bed lifting her hips higher driving my dick deeper in the depths of her womanhood. Eva's pussy muscles began contracting and releasing my pecker milking it as she continued to rake my shoulders with her fingertips.

She was holding my cock so tightly with her pussy muscles I couldn't pull my pecker out of her even if I wanted. So I just let myself go and exploded inside her splattering my seed against her cervix.

I came so fucking hard I thought I was going to pass out. But I didn't want to collapse on top of her or take my dick out of her!

Somehow or other I managed to roll over pulling Eva on top of me, with my dick still inside her. 

Then the bedroom door burst open and a teenage girl stormed into the room. The girl looked around and made a face, as she pinched her nose and said sarcastically, "What's that nasty smell? It stinks in here."

As soon as the door banged opened Eva, rolled off me, jumped off the edge of the bed and was on her feet yelling angrily, "None of your business, Foxy. How many times do I have to tell you to knock before you come into my room when the door closed?"

The girl seemed to be dumbfounded, and just stood there with her mouth hanging open as her mother continued her verbal assault on her and said, "I don't go barging into your room when your boyfriend is here do I?"

Eva looked in my direction as she said nastily, "Danny, this nosey little bitch is my oldest daughter, Foxy."

All I could say was, "Hi, Foxy."

As I looked her over, I noticed that she looked just like her mother did when she was in high school.

I couldn't take my eyes off her. Probably because all she was wearing was a skimpy black nightie that barely covered her crotch and clung to her perky little upturned breasts and the swell of her hips. 

To make matters worse! The little fuck tart was staring at my dick with an undeniable look of lust and curiosity in her big bright blue eyes.

Then Eva said in a threatening tone of voice, "Now got out of here, Foxy, or you'll be sorry."

Foxy was looking back and forth between me and her mother as she said sounding frightened, "But Grandma only wants to know is if you're going to go to work today!"

Foxy paused momentarily then she said sarcastically, "Or if you're going to stay in bed fucking all day?"

Before Eva could respond to her daughter's comment, Foxy turned on her heel and headed towards the door deliberately shaking her firm little ass from side to side as she went.

When Foxy reached the doorway she looked over her shoulder to see if I was watching her. I was. She smiled at me and blew me a kiss as she closed the door behind her.

I thought to myself, Holy Shit, this little fuck tart could be big time trouble spelled with a capital T. Then I looked over at Eva and said nervously, "Maybe I better go."

Eva looked over at me and said with a sigh in her voice, "It's alright, my mother's probably pissed off because you didn't have sex with her."

"Huh, okay," I said. Then we got dressed.

As we went down stairs I saw an older woman sitting at the kitchen table drinking a cup of coffee. She was a whorish looking woman with long dyed jet black hair, big dark brown eyes, puffy ruby red lips, wearing a purple satin nightgown that showed off her ample breasts.

She reminded me of that classic porn star Kay Parker form the Taboo movies!

The older woman gave me that you can fuck me if want to look as she glanced down at my crotch and licked her lips. Then she said, sarcastically, "Well, Stud, I can tell from that stupid look on my daughter's face that you already fucked her brains out."

I just stood there dumb founded with my mouth hanging open because I didn't know what else to say or do.

The woman was chuckling and had a sparkle in her eyes as she glanced at Eva, then back at me as she asked brazenly, "Well, stud, which one of us are going to fuck bowlegged next?"

I could feel my face turning red and my ears were starting to burn, as the woman burst out laughing.

Eva looked at her mother and said, "OH, Mother, really you're such a ball breaker."

As Eva was saying that, Foxy interrupted and said excitedly, "Grandma, Grandma, he's got a big dick too! I know because I seen it when I went upstairs to get mommy up."

I was so embarrassed when she said that I wanted to crawl under the table and hide. 

When they saw how embarrassed I was, they all burst out laughing. Eva must have felt sorry for me because she said, "Danny, don't mind them, they're just having fun with you."

However she was still chuckling as she said, "Danny, I've got to go to work and I'll drop off at Billy Bobs on my way."

As we got in the car Eva turned towards me and asked, "Are you married or have a girlfriend?"
