 His body collides into yours, crushing you between him and the brick wall. The sound of the club's rear entrance door slamming shut is drowned by his growls and your moans. The dumpsters hide you from view of the street, but the light overhead... You feel his hand moving above you and a moment later you're plunged into darkness. His hand returns to your body, groping your breasts through the thin silk covering them. The softness of the fabric against your nipples makes them painfully sensitive and he takes full advantage of it, pinching them and rolling them between his fingers, eliciting moans of pleasure from you.

During this assault, he captures your mouth with his, swallowing your moans as if they were life giving water. Your hands unwound from his thick neck and slide over his chest. You easily unbutton the front of his shirt and let your hands roam over his bare flesh. You can feel his muscles dance beneath your touch. He's so strong, so powerful, so massively built that the mere thought of his body covering yours plunges you further toward your impending release.

His mouth leaves yours, blazing a trail down your neck while his fingers tug on the spaghetti straps of your dress and pull them off your shoulders. You pull your arms free of the straps and take him by the hair, holding him to you as he sucks one of your nipples into his mouth. He teases you with his teeth, rolling the hardened bud between them before flicking it with the tip of his tongue. He's driving you wild. Your hips start moving toward him, rubbing your thighs together, trying desperately to find some measure of relief. Your panties are soaked with your juices and you swear if he doesn't fuck you right now, you'll explode.

His hands find your bare legs and slide up, pulling your dress up with them. Finally, you'll get the attention you need. Pushing the lace aside, he slips his finger between your pink folds and lightly strokes your soft pink flesh. He barely touches your clit, but when he does, your hips thrust forward, pushing his fingers firmly against your aching center. You throw your head back, hitting the wall in the process, but it doesn't hurt. You feel too damned good to hurt. He slides one finger inside, then another, moving them slowly in and out of your dripping sheath.

You whimper in protest as he pulls away from you, but are soon soothed as he opens the front of his pants, freeing his throbbing erection. He's bigger than you'd imagined, and so thick. Without a second thought, you fall you your knees and take his pulsating member in your hand. You run your fingers down his length and back up then circle the head. With your fingertip, you wipe the dew from the tip of his head and lick it off. God, he tastes good.

Not wasting another moment, you open your mouth and take him in. He's as hard as steel, soft as velvet. You suck him hard, stroking him with your tongue as you move over him. Needing more, you relax the muscles in your throat and swallow him. He stretches you almost as he slides down, filling you with his thickness. His fingers entangle your hair and hold you firmly in place as he thrusts in and out of your mouth. You reach up to cup his balls, caressing them, bringing him closer to the brink. His body tenses. You know he's about to cum. His grunts become louder, his pace quickens and then he stills, sending the glorious rush of liquid down your throat. You swallow all he gives you and continue to suck him, to milk every drop from him until he pulls himself out.

He is barely free of your mouth when he yanks on your hair, pulling you forcefully to your feet. His mouth crashes into yours as his hands pull up your dress. The lace tears into your skin as he rips off your panties.

You feel his fingers digging into your hips, lifting you up. You immediately spread your legs for him, wrapping them around his trim waist, ready for him to take you. You nearly scream as he impales you, stretching you, splitting you in two. His thrusts are hard, fast, demanding. You hold on to his shoulders as you ride him, leaning your head forward to keep it from hitting the wall. Your mouth finds his neck and you bite down as the orgasm hits.

Your hips are grinding into his. You try to keep up the pace, but it useless. You succumb to the intensity of this powerful man, holding onto him, giving into him. You feel it again, the tightening in your abdomen, the warm rush of liquid spilling out over your lover. Your walls tighten around him. "Oh god!" You scream as another orgasm tears through you.

The pace quickens, his thrusts become harder, almost painful. His grip tightens on your hips, pulling you into him as he continues to plunge deep into your core. The feeling is so intense you think you may explode from it.

He growls in your ear, as if warning you of his imminent explosion. You tighten your legs around his waist, your arms around his neck. His body stiffens and his movements become sharp and quick. You're unaware that your naked back is now rubbing against the bricks, leaving it scraped and near bleeding. He thrusts one last time and stills, his body rigid. You feel him pulsating against your cervix, his semen coating you, spilling out of you.

You both struggle to bring your breathing under control as he holds you there between him and the wall. You revel in the feel of his bare chest against yours, sweat mingling with sweat, hearts racing next to each other.

An eternity later he slips out of you and sets you gently on the ground. You watch him adjust his clothes while your fingers fumble to pull up the dress. He has a magnificent body. Your eyes travel slowly up his torso to his face, blushing slightly at having been caught staring.

He reaches out and pulls the door open, stepping aside to allow you to enter first. You chance one last look as you step past him and are rewarded with a knowing grin. Hair disheveled, body flush, dress wrinkled, you rejoin your friends at the pool tables.