 It rained all night and the thunderstorms cleared much of the mugginess from the air that has blanketed the region for the past few weeks. The relief is almost palpable and the rain-freshened breeze coming through the windows and billowing the lacey curtains throughout the house is truly welcome. Even Jenny is obviously feeling the impact of the cooler air and is giggling happily in her crib as you lift her in the early morning hours to change and nurse her.

Your full heavy breasts were leaking this morning when we awoke to her cries and I lifted my head to your puffy nipple as you crawled over me and took it gently into my mouth to take some of the pressure from you. Smiling, you straddled my hips and lowered each breast in turn so I could have my morning fill. As my lips sucked and pulled firmly to release that wondrous milk, I reached down with my hand to cup your silky slick mons under the hem of your short nightie. The heat emanated from your pussy and your precum filled my cupped hand! 

“Sorry, babe! Jenny waits so we must leave her something!” You laugh as you pull your nipple from my mouth. As you stand beside the bed and glance back over your shoulder grinning at me and nod your head for me to follow you, you see me lift my hand to my mouth as I get out of bed and I lick your cum from my soaked palm.

We go together into the nursery and, between us, we get Jen changed and then you strip off your short gown and sit naked in the wooden rocker and lower your nipple to Jen’s sucking lips. I smile down at the two of you and then, sliding my own sweat shorts off, I crouch naked at your feet and spread your knees. Resting my head on your soft thigh, I gaze in wonderment at the splendid sight before my eyes; your pussy lips are opening as I watch like the petals of a morning glory as the sun strikes the flower. 

Slowly they spread wider until I can see the small hood covering your clit as it pulls back to expose its most prized possession – that little growing nub glistening with the juices of your sex! 

Already, the heady aroma of your arousal fills my nostrils as I move my head closer until my lips are just brushing the openness of your vulva and my mustache tickles your clit to its full length. I move my tongue out in a hardened point to gently kiss the head of your clit and you jump slightly as the feelings are transferred to the nipple deep in Jenny’s sucking mouth! 

Your both nipples are fully engorged with passion and hunger now and with your free hand, you alternatively pull my head closer to your pulsating cunt and then lift to stroke and squeeze your free breast. And Jen continues to suck hard on your other nipple causing you to convulse in an orgasm that fills my mouth with your delicious woman’s cum. Or at least, YOUR cum! It has to be the most delectable taste in the world!

My mouth is now fully surrounding your wide pussy and my tongue fattens against your clit and as I drag it roughly along that little “penis’, you shake again as an orgasm strikes your core! You are flowing constantly into my mouth now and I swallow every glorious drop!

You shift Jen to the other breast now as she is still hungry even though she has virtually drained the first tit. I stand to your side opposite the arms that is cradling the babe and you turn you head sideways and, with your mouth wide open, draw my 7.12 inches cock all the way into your mouth to the back of your throat! 

As Jen sucks on the other breast with her eyes closed tight in near sleep, you suck me deeper and harder into your throat while I reach down and gently massage the just-abandoned breast with my hand. My other hand is entwined in your hair and I am using it to pull your sucking mouth up and down my shaft until I feel it swelling in anticipation of cumming! 

I pull your head right against me – after allowing you a deep breath of air – and push in as hard as I can as I explode deep into your throat. I can feel those powerful muscles in your throat milking my every drop and this just brings forth more and more until I am completely drained. 

My satisfied cock slips from your open mouth and as I lean in to kiss you, you exchange some of my cum from your tongue to mine – so sexy and tasty! I reach down and take Jenny (now fast asleep) and tuck her gently into her crib and lift the safety rail.

Coming over to the rocker, I reach down and pick you up in my arms and carry you to our bathroom for our morning shower together.

Just another morning of love and sharing of each other, my love!