 After refueling the motorcycle they headed back to her car. During the ride her mind was racing about from thought to thought. She was enjoying herself and not looking forward to it ending. As they neared the bar, a thought occurred to her.

When they stopped the bike, she said, "Would you like to come back to my place for some coffee?" He smiled and agreed to follow her.

At her place they talked while the coffee brewed and once again he asked, "how would you like to spend the day, my lady?"

She shyly smiled and said, "first I need a shower then I'm all yours."

His smile broadened and he said, "that sounds like a good place to start to me." He leaned over and very gently kissed her while tucking her blonde hair behind her ear."May I join you?" he whispered.

She stood to put their dishes in the dishwasher and to avoid answering him. He came up behind her and put his arms around her then kissed her neck. He kissed his way up to her ear then nibbled on her earlobe. He then whispered in her ear,"How about that shower, my lady?"

She turned in his embrace and slipped her arms around his waist. She then turned her face up to his. She stared into those blue eyes as he leaned down to kiss her. She broke off the kiss and taking his hand led him to the bathroom. They kissed as they undressed each other. When she had him undressed, she couldn't resist taking his cock into her mouth and tasting it. He stood there moaning and running his fingers through her hair. She looked up at him and smiled as she licked her lips.

She stood and stepped into the shower. Smiling he joined her. As she washed her hair, he lathered her body with shower gel. He lovingly soaped each breast caressing each nipple. When she rinsed her hair, the water ran down and rinsed her breasts as well. He couldn't resist tasting her nipples first one then the other. He turned her around and lathered up her back. Then he knelt down to wash her feet and legs. As his hands washed her inner thighs, she let out a moan. He ran a hand up to caress her backside while the other hand slipped between her legs searching for her pussy. With one hand playing with her anus and the other teasing, her clit, she was moaning louder and nearing her first orgasm. Suddenly he removed his hand from her anus and reached around to grab her breast as he slid two fingers deep into her pussy. She came and she came hard if it hadn't been for his support she would have fallen. She leaned back against his chest as she caught her breath.

When her breathing returned to normal she turned and kissed him. Reaching for the soap she smiled as she lathered up his chest and very slowly moved her hands down his chest to lovingly wash his cock. He was still rock hard from being in her mouth earlier. She stepped aside and let the shower rinse him and then knelt before him to resume loving his cock. He ran his hands through her hair and across her shoulders. When he could take no more, he stopped her, picked her up and carried her to her bed.

He was kissing her as he laid her on the bed. He then knelt over to her to kiss and suck each breast. She reached for his cock and began to stroke him tenderly. He moved to her feet, kissing each toe and kissing up each leg toward her pussy. As he got close to her pussy, he gently opened her legs. He was kneeling between her legs when he started to very gently kiss her pussy. He very gently and slowly slipped his tongue into her pussy. When he found her clit, she cries out, "Oh Kevin, yes!" He sucked her clit into his mouth as his fingers explore her mysterious love cavern. He lets her ride her second orgasm before slowly putting just the tip of his cock into her pussy. Her pussy is still constricting and trying to pull his cock deeper into her. He waits until it stops then eases into her a little more. He worked himself in and out not quite fully entering her until he knew she was ready. With each stroke his cock rubbed her clit. She was running her hands all over his body and kissing him. She was moaning and begging him to take her, to fill her.

She was startled when he grabbed her and rolled with her so that she was laying on top of him with is cock still in her. She kissed him and then pushed herself up so that he was deep inside her.

He reached up to play with her breasts. He kissed and sucked them while letting her ride his cock. He could feel his own orgasm getting close. He wanted to be deep in her pussy. He grabbed her hips and started to help her slide up and down on his cock. He started to suck on her breasts and thrusting deeper and deeper into her pussy. He heard her begin to moan. Then he felt her pussy begin to tighten which sent him over the edge. Her pussy was greedily milking his cock of all its juices as he filled her with gobs of his cum.

She lay on his chest and lazily played with the hair on his chest as he caressed her back. He kissed her forehead and she looked up at him and smiled. He pulled her up so that he could kiss her. Then he smiled and said, "So my lady, how would you like to spend the day?"

She shyly smiled and replied, "with you."

He laughed and rolled onto his side taking her with him. He held her in his embrace softly kissing her forehead, cheek, and mouth. 

Before long she could feel his steady breathing and knew he was asleep. She slipped out of bed and took another shower. She then went into the kitchen and made another pot of coffee. She was sitting there enjoying the coffee and smiling to herself when she heard the shower running. She was at the stove fixing breakfast when he came up behind her. He put his arms around her waist and kissed her neck. She turned and smiled up at him. He leaned down and they kissed.

After breakfast, they dressed and went for a ride in the country. After a bit they stopped for a break and to stretch their legs. They walked and talked. They learned a lot about each other. She learned he loved adventures and he learned she had never had one. They sat by a lake and fed some ducks and he offered her the deal of a lifetime, "Tracey, how about we take a trip together? No strings attached. If at any time it's not fun, I will pay to send you home by plane, train, or bus. The only condition is that you have to be ready to go within a half hour after getting back to your place."She was shocked and not sure what to say. She finally said, " Where are we going?"

He laughed and said, "Well, that is condition number two no questions asked or answered. Totally spontaneous no plans set in stone (ride until we are tired, eat when we are hungry, make love when we want to). What do you say are you game?"

She stared at him in disbelief. His smile was contagious. His energy was like a magnet. She finally said, "Yes, I am!"

Watch for the next chapter in this adventure series.