 This is a follow-up of Dan and Rosana's adventurous Friday night in the cabin. It is Saturday morning now. This chapter can stand alone. You don't necessarily have to go back to read the first three chapters to understand this one. However, you MAY if you like it.

With no annoying alarm clock to disturb their restful sleep; Dan and Rosana awoke late on Saturday morning. They were still cuddled in each other's arms in the bed after making love three different ways the evening before. Slowly, their awareness of where they were returned and made them realize that they were in the little cabin in the mountains. Bright sunlight was streaming in through the single window to the side of the room. Obviously, the heavy storm had passed by during the night and left them with a brilliant day to look forward to. They were on a weekend getaway in the mountains and still had two days left to have fun and relax.

Rosana felt something hard against her and reached over to feel it. Her hand touched his hard penis, which was standing up like a tent pole under the sheets when he rolled onto his back. She held it in her hand and gave it a loving squeeze.

"Oh no! Don't do that now! I've got to go pee SO bad right now it hurts," groaned Dan, who had a raging pee-hard boner.

"OK, so go. I can wait," smiled Rosana.

Dan rushed off to the little bathroom and relieved himself for several minutes. Upon returning, he saw Rosana standing naked by the window, looking out at the glorious view and letting the morning sun warm her body as she waited her turn in the bathroom.
 Dan hugged her from behind and kissed her neck, enjoying the nice view, both with her and of her.

"Let's go for a hike today. We can climb up the mountain and take a picnic lunch," said Rosana.

"Sounds like a great idea. I'm rested up enough now to tackle a little walk if you are. Let's eat some breakfast, pack some gear and go for it. I do kinda hate to put clothes on though. It feels so nice standing here feeling each other that I could do it all day."

"I could too," she replied, turning to give him a face-to-face hug and kiss. "But I'm well satisfied after all the things we did last night. I think we pretty well caught up on sex, don't you think?"

"Yeah, but I wasn't really talking about sex. I could just hold you and look at you all day and that would be fine with me. Not that there's anything wrong with the sex, mind you," he laughed.

"OK, Let's get started," she said as she walked to the bathroom.

Dan got dressed in some shorts and a t-shirt and went off to start breakfast. Rosana joined him shortly, wearing looser shorts than the day before, and also wearing a t-shirt with a bra underneath. They finished eating breakfast and packed a few things for the hike. She made sandwiches and packed some other snacks and drinks while Dan packed emergency supplies and plenty of water. They would only need small daypacks for this hike, since they would return before nightfall. After putting on thick socks and their hiking boots, they were ready to hit the trail. Off they went up the mountain, following the trail that would take them to the ridge, along it, then down again and back by the lake. 

It was late morning and the sun was high already as they climbed up the trail. Some parts were damp from the rain but everything drains pretty well up here so it wouldn't be a problem. They saw many critters scurrying around, squirrels, a rabbit, lizards, and plenty of birds. The sound of the birds chirping and the wind whistling through the tall trees was very relaxing as they climbed higher up the mountain to the top. There was an old fire road on the top where they could walk side-by-side, holding hands as they took in all the beauty of the mountains.

After a while, they reached the path that led back down the mountain towards the lake and set off on it. They came upon a stream and followed beside it for a ways, enjoying the sound of the running and falling water. They had been hiking for hours now, only stopping for short water and critter-watching breaks.

"I'm getting hungry and my legs need a rest. Let's look for a nice spot for lunch," said Rosana.

Soon, they came upon an area that had large rocks right by the stream and trees all around, a bit off to the side of the trail.

"This is it. This is a fine spot for a break. OK?" Dan asked. 

"Great spot. This is beautiful. Let's eat!"

They sat on the big rocks and ate their lunches while enjoying the roaring stream as it hurried past the rocks on its way to the lake. After eating, they laid back on the rocks together to soak up the sun, holding hands and letting go. He was almost asleep when he felt her leaning over to kiss him softly on the lips. Her breasts pressed into his arm and chest. Her bare leg touched his. He opened his eyes to look up at her lovely face, her head surrounded by the light filtering through the trees. She looked like an angel with a halo around her head. He held her head and kissed her warm lips in return. Their tongues met, exploring and licking each other's lips, tasting the sweetness there.

She turned, rotating her hips, until her other leg was over and between his legs, close to his crotch. She raised his shirt and rubbed his belly as they kissed some more. Raising the shirt higher, she held his chest and felt his nipples, making them hard between her finger and thumb. Leaning over, she sucked his nipples into her mouth, making him moan at the sensual treatment she was giving him.

His arm was smothered beside his body by her body. He moved his hand and felt her warm vulva on the back of his fingers. He moved his other hand to her back and up under her t-shirt, enjoying the feel of her silky skin. She lowered her hand from his stomach to his crotch, rubbing all over his rising penis through his shorts. Her hands, kisses, breast on his arm, and the feel of her warm mound on his hand were making him very aroused. She slipped her hand down his leg and up under his shorts until she could feel his cock-head. He rotated his hand and felt her crotch with his fingers. It was hot and wet.

"I want you!" she moaned into his chest. "Can we do it here?"

"I want you too. It's too hard here on the rocks. Hmm, what can we do?" he asked as they looked around and thought about it. Almost at the same time, they spotted a tree nearby that was leaning at about a 45degree angle. "That's it. We can do it on that tree!"

They scurried off to it and sized it up. The tree was smooth and the ground was firm around it. Dan started unzipping her pants while Rosana did the same to his. He lowered the shorts and little panties over her hips and removed them, kissing her pretty little pussy before rising. She helped him remove his pants and underwear too. They stood naked from the waist down except for their boots.

"What if someone sees us?" Rosana wondered.

"We haven't seen anyone all day. I think the storm kept everyone away today. No one's going to see us. Besides, we can't do it on the ground. It's too wet. And I can't wait. Can you?"

"NO, I can't wait. Who cares? Fuck me Dan! I need it inside me," moaned Ros as she leaned back against the tree.

She had both feet on the ground with her back on the tree. Dan approached her, also straddling the tree. She held his hard cock in her hand, sliding her little hand around it, making herself wetter for him. He raised her shirt up and caressed her breasts through her bra. She reached behind and released the clasp, freeing them for his hands and mouth to do with as they pleased. And they pleased very much. He slipped his hands under the cups, raising the shirt and bra up under her armpits to her upper chest, while kneading her soft breasts and kissing her nipples.

She lifted her hips off the tree while pulling on his cock, placing it at the entrance to her womanhood. He pushed his hips forward and up, driving his cock up into her wet vagina. More and more, he filled her up.

"Oh, yes, yes. It's so good. Do it to me. Fuck me good," Rosana moaned as she kissed him.

Just then, they thought they heard something, like some twigs breaking or something. They froze and looked around. Seeing nothing, they resumed. It was too late to stop now anyway!

"Probably just a ground squirrel," said Dan as he pulled out and pressed back in again.

She held his legs and butt, pulling him into her with every stroke. He caressed her boobs and face as he pounded into her, holding her up with his cock and hands. They set up a good pace, him pressing in and her rotating her hips up to meet him while holding his butt in her hands. After a while, she wanted more, so she raised both feet up and locked them behind his hips, while holding his waist and arching her chest up to meet his hands. This pulled him even deeper as she could feel his balls slapping her ass now as he stroked in and out. Her clit was getting pulled in and stroked by the base of his cock now and the stimulation was making her ready to cum.

Dan felt her pussy contract on his cock and knew she was cumming. Her eyes rolled back in her head and her chest was flushed red as she began spasming all over, her hips lurching up to swallow his cock and her muscles milking him for all they were worth.

This set off him also, and he began to squirt up deep into her. She felt his throbbing cock and his muscles tensing all over as they both came over and over again. The cum and juices were running out over his balls and cock, down her ass and around the tree trunk.

There were some other sounds off in the distance, they thought. It was like echoes of their sounds they made, as they were cumming, like animal lust or something. And there was some rustling in the bushes. They looked around again to be sure no one was there. While cleaning up and pulling their clothes back on, they talked about it.

"That was a funny sound there, right when we were cumming. Did you hear it?" asked Dan?

"I couldn't hear much above the pounding of my blood rushing through my body. But I did think I heard something strange over there. I wonder what it could have been?" asked Ros. "Oh, well. There's no one here, so it doesn't matter now. That was so good, my love! I never knew that it could feel so good to do it outdoors like this." 

They got dressed and gathered all their stuff, hitting the trail again to return to their cabin. It was late afternoon now as they reached the edge of the lake. The deep blue waters were magnificent, with ripples and small whitecaps all over. There were a couple of boats with fishermen in them, off in the distance. The trail followed the edge of the water now in the last leg of the return to their cabin.

They had to cross the creek again and shortly after, they spotted a young blonde girl sitting on a log and crying. She waved her arm to be sure she got their attention.

"Help, me, please. Help me!" she cried out to them.

They hurried over to see what was the matter. The poor girl was soaking wet and shivering, holding her leg.

"What's wrong?" asked Rosana. 

"I was jumping across the creek over there and slipped on the wet bank, falling headfirst into the water. When I climbed out, I had trouble walking. I made it this far but it started hurting too much to go any further. I think I sprained my ankle. I didn't know what I was going to do. Then I saw you two and I'm so glad you came along," the girl blurted out. "What can I do? Will you help me, please?"

"Of course we'll help you," said Dan. "Let's have a look at that ankle."

He removed his pack and knelt down to have a look at it as Rosana held her for comfort.

"Does this hurt?" he asked as he pressed the ankle.

"OWW! OHH. Yes, it hurts!" she said.

"It does look like a sprain. Let's get you up to our cabin and get you cleaned up. We can do more for it there," he said.

"But, I can't walk!" she cried.

"Hmm. I can carry you on my back. Ros can carry our packs. Is that ok?"

"Sure. I don't have much choice anyhow, do I? Thank you for helping me."

Ros gathered up their packs and they stood the girl up on one foot. Dan lowered himself in front of her and said, "Here, climb on my back and hold on. I'll hold your legs with my arms."

"I'm going to get you all wet. I'm sorry. I'm such a mess."

"Don't worry. You can take a bath when we get there. It's only dirt. It'll wash off me too," said Dan.

Although Dan was more concerned with carrying her safely, he noticed right away that this was no LITTLE girl! When she put her arms over his shoulders and around his neck, he felt two large and firm mounds poking into his back. Her arms were smooth and tanned, as were her legs. He felt the muscles in her legs, which she locked around his hips, thereby helping support her weight. He held her thighs with his hands and they felt very nice to his touch. He loved Rosana, but, hey, he was a man and any man would notice these things when a young woman is hanging on their back! She rested her head on his shoulder, with her hair blowing over their faces in the wind.

They took the shortcut and were back at the cabin in ten minutes or so. He took her straight into the bathroom, with Rosana leading the way. They sat the girl down on the toilet seat and Dan started removing her shoes and socks to get a closer look at her problem. Meanwhile, Rosana started filling the tub with hot water, adding some bubble bath that she found under the sink. She also got some water and a couple of ibuprophen and gave them to her for the pain and inflammation. Dan examined her ankle, comparing it with the other ankle. He moved it around to be sure nothing was broken, then, holding her foot with her knee up and legs spread, he glanced up her long legs right into her crotch. She was wearing tight purple shorts and he could see her pussy lips pressing at the seam of the material. Pulling his eyes away to look her in the eyes, he saw her looking directly into his.

"It definitely looks sprained. It seems to be a little swollen too. You're not going to be hiking anywhere for a while," said Dan sternly. "Let's get you cleaned up and we'll wash out your clothes. You can wear Rosana's robe when you get out. We have a wrap that I can put on it later to help you walk. It's going to need some ice for the swelling too."

She noticed him looking at her crotch and wondered what he was thinking about it. She was glad he couldn't tell what was on her mind then.

The bath was full. Rosana helped the girl remove her windbreaker. She had only a tight little white, screen-printed tank top under it. 

"Uh, you know guys, I think I'd better take off the rest. I just met you people!" she said.

"Sure you can manage it OK? Well, My name's Rosana and this is my boyfriend, Dan. If you need anything, call out and we'll get it for you."

She extended her hand for a shake. "My name's Krysteal. It's a pleasure to meet you both," as she shook their hands like a formal meeting.

"Now that we've been introduced I don't feel so bad about using a stranger's bath," she grinned. "You can call me Krys if you'd like."

"Dan, get out of here now and I'll make sure Krysteal gets into the tub ok," Rosana said as Dan turned to leave. Turning to Krysteal, she said, "I want to be sure you can make it ok. And I need to get your clothes to wash them anyhow. Here. I'll turn my back. You can get undressed and use my shoulder for support, OK?"

Krysteal grasped her tank top and pulled it over her head. Then she slipped her shorts and panties down over her hips while still seated on the toilet. Tossing her clothes in the pile with the others, she stood up, using Rosana's arm and shoulder for support. As she stepped into the tub, Ros turned to give her help, supporting her arm and back, noticing that she was really well built. Krysteal slipped down under the warm bubbles and Ros gathered up the soiled clothes and left her to bathe herself.

Dan had gone out and found a special stick with a curve at the top that could be used for a walking stick. He was coming back as Ros came through with the girl's clothes.

"Hey. That's a good idea, Dan. I think she can use that. You know, I got a glimpse of her with these dirty clothes off and I think she might clean up real well. Help me get these clothes cleaned, will you?"

They scrubbed her clothes as best they could and hung them by the fireplace to dry. He'd make a fire soon and that would help them. They started preparing dinner together while they waited for her. Dan made an ice pack for her ankle that she would need to reduce the swelling. 

Rosana realized she didn't leave her robe in the bathroom and went to get it. She went to the bathroom door and knocked, then opened it and went in without waiting for an answer.

"Excuse me, Krys, I forgot to give you my robe. Here it is. I'll hang it on the back of the door for you. Are you doing ok?" asked Rosana, looking over at the tub. Krysteal was lying deep in the water, almost totally immersed in the bubbles, with one foot up on the wall. Lifting her head slightly, she muttered, "I'm fine. Be done in a few minutes. Thank you." And Ros left her to finish up.

In a few minutes, they heard Krysteal call out to them, "I'm done! Would someone come help me walk please?"

Dan took his special walking stick in to her. She had a towel wrapped around her hair and was dressed in Ros's Pink velour robe, which was tied snugly around her waist. It was loose on Ros, but almost too small for Krysteal. He could see her long legs up well above her knees, and her ample cleavage was showing in the V at the top.

"Here, Krys. Try this stick and see if it will help you walk. I found it outside for you," he said, handing her the stick.

"Thanks, that might help. But I think I still need a bit of help for now," she replied as she held Dan's arm for support. They walked slowly to the kitchen table, where Dan sat her down and lifted her foot into the spare chair, displaying her lovely leg in the process. Dan placed the ice pack on her ankle and Ros served them all a delicious meal while they sat and chatted.

"You guys are so nice to take me in like this, and treat me to such a tasty meal too. I can't thank you enough," said Krysteal.

"No problem. We are pleased that we were there to assist you. And the food? Hey, we had to eat anyway and it's just as easy to make an extra serving," said Ros. "So, tell us a little about you. All we know is your name, Krysteal. That's a pretty name."

"I'm 20 years old and attend Mountain View JC down in the valley near the foot of the mountain. I'm just finishing up my sophomore year and hope to get into the University in the Fall. I love coming up here to get away and take long walks. The mountain air cleans out my mind so I can get back to studying when I go back."

"Do you always go hiking alone? It can be dangerous like that," said Dan.

"No, but no one wanted to come today because of the storm last night. I told them it was gone, but they are all wimps, so I came anyway. I don't have a boyfriend right now. I'm glad it didn't keep you two away. I don't know WHAT I'd be doing now without your help. So, you two like hiking too, obviously?"

"Oh yes, we love it up here. It has been a while since we have been able to get away for a weekend. We weren't going to let anything stop us," Ros replied. "You know you'll have to spend the night here, don't you? There's no way you are going anywhere tonight. We'll see how your ankle is tomorrow and deal with it then, OK?"

They cleaned up the dishes and helped Krysteal into the living room to take a seat in the single easy chair, with her foot propped up and the ice pack on it. Dan started a fire in the fireplace since it had gotten dark outside and began to get chilly. They excused themselves to take a quick shower. When they returned, Krysteal had slumped down in the big chair with her head resting on the back and her hands pressed tightly between her thighs, with the palms pressed together. Ros and Dan had on shorts and t-shirts and nothing else now. They sat down on the couch and kissed each other deeply, hugging and fondling each other as they kissed. When they open their eyes, Krysteal was staring at them.
