 I arrived at the mountain chalet about an hour before his plane was due to touchdown. I took an approving tour around the cabin, familiarizing myself with the layout and letting my desires lead my imagination down sultry paths. After I stowed my weekend bag in the closet, I decided to spread some of my own touches around the luxury rental before he arrived, a few things that he'd be sure to enjoy. I put the bottles of wine in the fridge to chill, along with the food supplies I had picked up on my way out of town. I started spreading candles around the place, first in the living room near the fireplace, then in the bedroom, and finally around the huge garden tub, which had it's own nook.

As afternoon started to diminish into evening, I looked at my watch and decided I had time for a quick soak in the huge tub before he arrived. He had to drive forty five minutes from the airport, after all. He shouldn't arrive for another hour or so, and by then I could be totally relaxed and waiting to invite him into our weekend mountain retreat.

After turning on the hot water spigot and dumping in a luxurious amount of bubbles, I made my way to the kitchen and poured myself a liberal glass of chardonnay. When I returned to the bedroom, I leisurely removed my clothing and hung it in the closet. As I walked towards the window surrounded nook, I took in the view of the sun setting behind the mountains and then lit the candles. As I stepped into the hot water and settled in comfortably, I couldn't resist letting a deep sigh of contentment slip from between my lips. I had been waiting for this weekend for an eternity.... the weekend I could finally make him mine.

As my imagination continued tripping down the lush trails of fantasy, my eyes took in the majesty of the Smokies. As a small smile played around my mouth, I suddenly became aware of the sensation of being watched. I turned my head towards the door, and there he stood.

He looked a bit tired, but that faded from his eyes as he continued to watch me. He stood completely still, his bag still on his shoulder, as if he feared that movement would scare away the pleasant scenario. As my shock wore off at his early entrance, I smiled and motioned for him to come to me.

He dropped his bag by the door, and as he made his way towards the nook, he left a trail of clothing behind him. By the time he reached the tub, he was standing in his full glory, a vision of beauty that left me breathless. As I raised a knee upwards and sideways, he slipped into the water and settled between my legs. He leaned backward and placed his head in the depression above my collarbone. As he sighed deeply, he wrapped his arm around my upraised knee and ran his hand up and down my silky shin.

As I wrapped my arms around him, I plunged my face into his hair and inhaled his scent. As I became used to the feel and proximity of him, my mind started to wander, as did my hands. I rubbed my palms up and down his ribs, and felt him shiver as water ran down his chest. When he growled in appreciation, my nipples tightened in an almost painful anticipation.

He then turned suddenly, scooting to the opposite end of the tub, while dragging me into a reversal of our positions. Before I was truly aware of what had just conspired, I was seated between his legs with my head leaning back against his chest. His manhood was pressing against my lower back, in a gentle yet insistent manner that made my heart thud. As I slid my hands up and down his thighs, he reached around and cupped my breasts in his hands. The bubbles that filmed the top of the water lent a slippery sheen to his fingertips that had me gasping in pleasure. After a moment of gentle kneading, he raised his hands and allowed water to drip off them onto my already rock hard nipples. Only being able to stand a mere moment of this torture, I spun around and looked into his eyes. The desire that I saw there reflected the almost animalistic need I had for him. He reached forward and grabbed me by the shoulders and tugged me forward, until my knees buffed his ribs and my breasts were flattened against his chest. Then he leaned in and kissed me.

The feel of his lips against mine was almost more than I could bear. The years of looking at those lips and wondering what they would feel like suddenly melted away into the moment of reality. As my lips parted, my tongue darted forward to meet his, in a dance that was as old as time itself. The taste of him was something new, yet something strangely recognizable. I sensed that no matter how many times I received the opportunity, I would never tire of savoring it.

Suddenly impatient, or perhaps becoming aware of the tepid water we sat in, he locked his arm around my waist and raised up. The first sensation of being in contact from head to toe was simply stunning. As he deposited me on the bathmat, he reached for the thick towel that hung on the rack next to the tub. He began toweling me dry, starting at my shoulders. As he rubbed my skin pink and rosy, he followed behind with his mouth, as if in apology for the abuse of the towel. The towel skimmed over my breasts, which also received kisses from his lips. As his mouth found my nipples and his tongue abraded them ruthlessly, I started to pant in need of him. As he moved down my belly, I felt my insides turn to liquid heat. Soon, he was drying off my legs, and finished by kissing the instep of my right foot. Instead of placing my foot back on the floor, he placed it on his right shoulder and leaned into me. Sensing what was coming, I leaned backwards and braced myself against the window frame. The first touch of his tongue on my clit was almost excruciating. His hands stilled the instinctive buck of my hips while I cried out. He lapped at me feverishly, as if he couldn't get enough of the taste of me. He then nibbled at my clit until he had me begging for him. Resisting my pleas for fulfillment, he quickly stood up and drew me near. As his mouth ravaged mine, I relented to him. Anything he wanted to do to me was fine, as long as he never stopped!

Once he had enough, at least for the moment, ,of my lips, he grabbed me and pulled me towards the bed. Not even bothering to stop long enough to pull down the coverlet, he backed me up to the bed and fell on top of me, while all the time sucking on my earlobe. It pleased him immensely, being able to bring me to such a level of desperation for him, when I'm typically so independently stubborn. It seemed like his hands were everywhere at once- on my breasts, rubbing my ribs, torturing my clit. He drove me to the limit and then held me there without pushing me over. Finally, with the single mindedness of his own desires and the sound of my moans which had become ragged, he pushed his knee between my thighs. As I raised my knees and spread my thighs, he leapt forward suddenly and sheathed himself in me to the hilt. The unexpected speed that he incorporated drove me to a massive orgasm, which left me moaning and left him gritting his teeth, trying to maintain his control. As I finally calmed a bit, I wrapped my legs around him, welcoming him home and giving him permission to mark me as his.

I matched him stroke for stroke, while holding him as closely as possible. We both tried everything we could to meld our bodies into one, hoping beyond hope that the next stroke would take us each that little bit closer to that certainty. Even though it was the first time we'd been lovers, there was a feeling of belonging that couldn't be ignored. The sacredness of our union permeated the air around us, and quietly seeped into our hearts. As I knew he was coming close, I held him even closer, having the need to feel his hot juice fill me up inside. As I felt him quiver and explode, it drove me into my own release. As our bodies quivered and our souls mingled, the certainty that I had waited for came. He was mine.

To be continued...