 Desiree and her entire family were over at my parent's house one lazy Saturday afternoon in June. I had just gotten out of the pool, and grabbed a hamburger and a beer. My sister had gone upstairs to get ready for a party she was attending with her boyfriend. My brothers, along with Desiree's brother took their bikes and went to the park to play ball with the neighborhood kids. My dad was at the grill, and our respective parents were sitting around the table with us. We were all just sitting around talking about random stuff. I kept sneaking a look at Desiree and noticed her looking back. Every once in a while, she would do something to get my attention, like look over at me, or play snap the waist of her bikini. Then she would give me a look, or do something else to tease me. My god she was a tease. Once she brushed the side of my thigh under the table and when I looked over, she ran her tongue lightly, seductively across her lips. Another time she turned to engage me in conversation, leaned her arms on the table and her huge 40DD tits on her forearms. She then proceeded to lean in so that her tits started bursting out of her bikini top, showing a huge amount of cleavage, and the top part of her dark areolas. My cock stirred, but I managed to continue my half of the conversation. Then, she dropped her fork on the ground, leaned over to retrieve it, and gave my cock two strokes with her hand on the way up, making it now impossible for me to leave the table.

I had a few more gulps of my beer, helping my cock down to a less obvious, semi-hard state when Desiree's mother asked, "Are either of you doing anything tonight or just staying home?"

Desiree answered "I have no plans, what about you, Jack?"

"Nothing as of right now. I might give Greg a call later."

"Do you want to see a movie with me?" Desiree asked.

I have to admit I would not object to sitting in a dark movie theatre with Desiree, but I know her all too well. She had something up her sleeve. Undoubtedly that something would end up with one or both of us popping off, but I also suspected it would not involve a movie. I thought about it and decided not to be TOO easy.

"I don't think there's anything playing I'd like to see."

"That's a shame. What are you going to do, stay home alone on a Saturday night?"

"No, I'll call Greg."

"Greg? The one who hasn't had a date since the Mets won the World Series? Greg, whose idea of a good time is sitting around playing Monopoly? That Greg?"

"Ummm yes. That Greg. The one who's been my best friend since before you were born."

"Well, that Greg is working tonight. Don't forget he works with Charlene, and she mentioned that they were BOTH working tonight. So... your choices are: Movie with me, or stay here with them."

She motioned at our respective parents. I said nothing.

"Fine, than, it's settled. Go upstairs and change out of your bathing suit. Then you can give me a ride home so that I can change, and off we go."

At that point, Nancy, Desiree's mom chimed in, "That's ok I am ready to go anyway. I can drive you home and Jack can pick you up later."

If Desiree was disappointed not to have me drive her home she didn't show it. Nor was she surprised by her mother's offer. Maybe we were JUST going to a movie. I was slightly disappointed, but not devastated. Desiree was nice, she was sexual and in addition to being my first fuck, she was fantastic at it. There is another side to her. It is a side that likes to tease, and not in a good way. I always felt like she'd send me home with blue balls just because she felt like it. As for me, I am pretty tough. I have had my share of blue balls in my day, and believe me if that's where this went, fine. I'd go home, jerk off and go to sleep.

I went upstairs and changed into a pair of jeans and a t-shirt. I brought along a hooded sweatshirt for 2 reasons: first and foremost because it can get cold in movie theaters and second, because I could tie it around my waist in the event I had a hardon after the movie. I drove my Chevy over to Desiree's house and knocked. Her mom answered and invited me in. I sat and chatted with her briefly while waiting for Desiree. She came downstairs dressed in a loose t-shirt and a soft, upper thigh length skirt. I greeted her and asked if she was ready to go. She said that she was.

"What time is the movie?" her mom asked.

Desiree answered, "The movie starts at seven. We may stop at the diner afterward so we'll be home by 11."

"Okay. Have fun. Enjoy the show."

I drove to the movie theatre and we bought our tickets. We found our way to some seats. We were sort of toward the back, but the theater was about half full. The house lights went down and the movie previews ran, as well as those stupid commercials for Nachos and Popcorn. Finally after about 20 minutes the movie started. Desiree got comfortable leaning her head on my right shoulder, and of course her left breast in the crook of my arm. She placed a kiss on my cheek and then whispered, "Give me your hand. I have something for you."

I did as I was told. I felt her guide my hand to her skirt. The fabric spread easily at her upper thigh, as there was a split in the fabric. (This was by design. I just never noticed). She guided my hand between her legs. She wasn't wearing any underwear! I took my hand and placed it on her pussy. It was already dripping. My fingers slid in easily, while my thumb found her swollen clit. I felt her breathe deeply as I fingered her. Her legs were curled up on the seat and I could feel her breath in short bursts in my ear. It was loud enough for me to hear, but nobody else would have been able too. I felt the muscles in her pelvis tense up as she became more and more aroused. Her hips wanted to involuntarily thrust, but the confined quarters didn't permit. I could see the outline of her nipples poking through her bra and t-shirt. Her breathing quickened and quickened and she crushed her body against me. She reached down and grabbed my hand. She grabbed three of my fingers and shoved them hard up to the knuckles into her dripping cunt. Then she held her breath, and I felt her pussy squeezing my fingers. She was having an orgasm! Her juices flooded my hand, and she released her breath. I could feel her panting inaudibly, as her pussy continued to twitch. 

Finally, when she was done, I removed my hand. She grabbed it and brought it to her mouth, licking it clean. She leaned into me and started kissing me. She reached her hand down and felt my stiff cock straining in my jeans. She opened the button of my jeans and quietly slid my zipper down. Then she reached in and started massaging my cock softly and slowly. Desiree leaned into me and put her head on my shoulder while she gently massaged me. Every once in a while, she would move her hand up to the head and milk out another drop of pre-cum. She would switch hands and bring her other hand to her mouth to lick it off. I could feel my load building up in my balls, but she never brought me to the edge.

I felt like I was in a dream, getting stroked off in a movie theater. The movie was getting close to an end. I couldn't take it any more and she knew it. Desiree could sense that she couldn't hold off my orgasm any more. I could feel my load building up in the base of my cock. Precum was dripping down my shaft. I was so close.

Desiree leaned over and whispered, "What are you going to do with it?"

I hadn't thought about that. "I don't care. I'll leave here with a big wet spot somewhere."

She looked around. "Keep your eyes open, be quiet and HURRY UP!"

With that she pulled my cock out of my boxers and put her head down, engulfing me in her hot mouth. She instantly took my entire length in her mouth and deep throated me. She wrapped her throat around the head and started to swallow. I was done. My body tensed up, I held my breath. My load raced into my cock and then started to spasm, blasting the first shot into her throat. Feeling this Desiree released me from her throat and came up, keeping only the tip in her mouth. She licked the sensitive underside of the head while I pumped an endless amount of cum into her mouth. My dick was convulsing and she was keeping control of it with her mouth. 

When I was finished, she followed her usual routine. She sucked my cock dry and then licked it clean. Then she gave me a deep French kiss to be sure I tasted what she did for me. Relaxed, we finished our movie, went to the diner and went home.