 Before you read this work, please be aware that it is a very graphic depiction of a sexual encounter. This story is intended for adults only, and should by no means be read by anyone under the age of 18 years. 

I love to read your comments and would enjoy hearing from you if you like this story. I even want your comments if you didn't like it, provided you are actually giving constructive criticism. Please don't leave a comment if you are simply turned off by what the story contains. Just because you may not enjoy or politically agree with the portrayals, it doesn't mean that others won't.

If you read my earlier work "Fourteen Days on the Mountain" you will be familiar with the characters involved in this story. They are Mike, Tiffany and Cheryl. This story takes place about six months after the wilderness vacation where the three met, and is a continuation of that story. I hope you enjoy this tale. 

~~Odysseyker

*

THE MOVE

After getting back to Denver, I couldn't get Tiffany out of my head. At first I didn't call her, thinking that the hold she had on me would wear off, but it didn't. I tried going to the gym, hanging with friends, and even tried picking up some women, but my heart just wasn't in it. So I broke down and called her after a couple of weeks. I figured I would talk to her, find out that she was chasing some guy there in Santa Monica and that would help me get past her. But instead, she was overjoyed to hear my voice, and as we talked I got the impression that she was in the same boat as me; she just couldn't get back into the swing of things. 

"How's your mom?" I asked. 

"Oh, she's fine," replied Tiffany, and then in an almost ho-hum voice added, "She's upstairs screwing some guy's balls off right now." 

I could tell that the nineteen-year-old blonde was in the dumps, but I truly didn't have the faintest idea what I could say that would comfort her. I knew what she wanted and, I think for the first time, I honestly knew that I wanted the same thing. We both wanted to be with the other, only there was a thousand miles separating us. 

"I really wish you were here," I confessed. 

"Yeah, I wish I were there too," came her disheartened reply. 

For the next few weeks we talked on the phone every night and eventually both invested in web cams so that we could video chat. Tiffany put on some hot and steamy performances for me, and she even talked me into jacking off for her a time or two, although I'm sure my shows weren't nearly as satisfying for her. 

One time, I was almost shocked to see two figures appear on my screen when the connection was made. It was my birthday and Tiffany had invited her 'fist-fucking friend', Tina, to come over. The pair put on a show that had me whacking my pecker without any coercion from them. When Tina pulled her fist out of Tiffany's cunt, launching her into a wild orgasm, I shot my load all over the keyboard. And while I had to invest in a new one, the $89.00 was well worth it. 

Before we left the cabin, I had told the teen that we 'might be able to meet in Vegas' and after seeing her thrashing around in ecstasy that night, I made up my mind to put that plan in motion. Two weeks later, Tiffany and Cheryl were already waiting for me in a suite when I arrived at the hotel. We had a hell of a weekend. I've never been to Vegas and lost so little money. Tiffany and I spent most of our time in the room, fucking and sucking ourselves into oblivion. Cheryl joined in a couple of times, but opted for the city's nightlife for most of the weekend. By the time we departed, I couldn't have gotten it up if my life depended on it. 

This parting wasn't any easier than it had been the first time and once I was home, I again found myself lonely and depressed. My buddies, Tom and Dave, tried breaking me out of the funk that I was in, but it was no use. I knew then that I had hopelessly fallen for the charms of the young blonde. Over the next month, the phone and web conversations Tiffany and I shared were difficult at best, even tense at times. Then there began to be lapses in the frequency of our contact. Not that I didn't make the attempt, but it seemed that Tiffany was available less and less. I guessed that she had discovered a new love interest, which didn't help my depression any. 

Finally, I decided that I was going to break the whole relationship off and didn't call for a few days. One evening my phone rang and I could see from the caller ID that it was Tiffany's number. I hesitated to answer, but decided, 'Now is as good a time as any to get this over with'. Picking up the receiver, I said "Hello..." and was surprised to hear Cheryl's voice greeting me, not Tiffany, on the other end. 

"How are you?" she asked. 

I replied with a despondent, "I've been better." 

There was silence for a brief period and then Cheryl spoke again. "What's the matter?" she posed. 

"Oh nothing..." I lied in response, which didn't fool her in the least. 

"Well if I had to guess, I'd say it's the same thing that's wrong with Tiff," she speculated.

Cheryl went on describing the pitiful state that the teenager was in, and it was nearly a mirroring of the way I felt. "I can't even get her to have sex with me!" she finished. 

"Why hasn't she returned my calls then?" I quizzed, 

The matronly Cheryl quickly chastised me, "Because it's too difficult for her." 

I had been so deep in my own self pity that I hadn't considered that as a possibility. "But what can I do about it?" I asked, almost sarcastically. 

I nearly dropped the phone when she answered very matter-of-factly, "Quit your job, come out here and move in with us." 

I laughed and said, "You're joking...right?" When I heard nothing but silence, I knew that she wasn't. 

Finally she said, "We've got plenty of room and there are tons of engineering firms out here." After about half an hour of banter and serious discussion, it was settled; I was moving to Santa Monica. 

The following morning I put in my two-week notice, and by the time they were over, I had sold my old clunker of a car and most of my furniture. I contracted with a moving company to haul the remainder of my stuff and booked a flight to California. All of this was accomplished with renewed vigor and happiness. 

Tom and Dave just shook their heads and laughed when I told them what was going on, but wished me well all the same. They took me out for a farewell dinner and convinced me to go to a strip club with them. They even paid for me to have a lap dance, through which I kept imagining Tiffany doing the performance. The next day they drove me to the airport and bid me goodbye, charging me to keep in touch. Before heading to the gate, I said, "Maybe you guys can come out for vacation some time," with a wink. 

When I arrived at the Santa Monica Airport, Tiffany and Cheryl were waiting to greet me. Tiffany ran to me and nearly knocked me over as she jumped into my arms. I kissed her deeply and then said, "Honey...I'm ho-ome!" with a big chuckle. 

Not even considering where we were, or the fact that we were surrounded by hundreds of people, I turned and gave Cheryl a nearly equally as passionate greeting. I don't know if anyone noticed or not, and to tell the truth, I couldn't have cared less. I was looking forward to an evening of hot, dirty sex and that, along with the notion of not waking up alone in the morning, had me on cloud nine. 

After claiming my bags and trudging through the parking lot to Cheryl's car, we loaded up and set off for 'home'. Cheryl got behind the wheel and, to my dismay, Tiffany climbed into the front passenger seat, leaving me to ride in the back. I didn't think much of it, figuring it was just habit, but I wanted her closer to me. It wasn't too long before I found out that she had taken the front seat on purpose. 

As we drove and talked, I was looking at the very different surroundings, not noticing that Tiffany was busy ridding herself of her clothing. By the time that I realized something was up, she was naked and turning around 180 degrees, leaning back against the dashboard. "Are you enjoying the sights?" the teen chirped as she slipped a hand into her crotch. 

I was at a loss for intelligent words and just nodded my head 'yes' as I watched her. Locking her eyes on mine, and with the naughtiest of grins, she commenced working a finger in and out of her obviously wet pussy hole. Cheryl moved her right hand over and sought out her daughter's breasts, without taking her eyes from the road. While her mom toyed with her nipples, Tiffany reached back, fumbled with the glove compartment and then pulled a rather large and realistic looking dildo from it. Bringing the rubber dick between her legs, it was only a moment before she had about half of its length stuffed inside her. I sat back, my cock getting harder by the second, loving the sight and the mischievousness of the situation. I had to wonder, though, if any of the passing motorists were getting a good view. 

"I used this guy almost every night thinking about you," the little blonde purred in a seductive voice as she began sliding the phallus in and out of herself. 

"Did you now?" I questioned in response, my eyes fixed on her lewd display. 

"Uh-huh," she affirmed as the dildo entered her again. 

Feeling more and more excited and brazen watching her, I unzipped my fly and pulled out my stiff pecker. "But it's not as good as the real thing," I boasted as I shook my hard shaft at her in a teasing fashion. 

"No way!" she quipped and then pondered, "Looks pretty inviting, Huh Mom?" 

Cheryl moved her hand from the girl's chest and repositioned the rear view mirror so that she could see my lap. In the mirror, I could see her lips curl into a grin, then she said, "It sure does, and if you're not going to use it I'll pull over and you can drive while I do." 

"I don't think so, Mom..." the girl shot back,

I'm still not sure exactly how she managed it, but she was in the back seat straddling me in no time. As her tongue darted in and out of my mouth I struggled to get my pants undone and wrestled off. When they were in a bunch on the floor of the car, Tiffany lifted her ass and suddenly impaled herself on my rigid cock. Her pussy felt absolutely wonderful as it slid down, over my manhood. I wrapped my arms around her naked torso and she began riding up and down my pole as the cars and trucks whizzed past us on the highway. It was another wild and provocative experience that I had never enjoyed prior to meeting the teen. I had, on other occasions, had sexual encounters in the back seat of a car, but never one moving down the freeway. 

"Don't you guys make a mess on my back seat!" Cheryl said with a laugh as she watched her daughter humping up and down on me. 

"No guarantees," I tossed back, my hands moving downward to cup Tiffany's sweet ass, one cheek in each hand. 

As she bounced on me, I edged my way forward until I was nearly lying down, my ass almost completely off the seat. The girl lowered her upper body simultaneously, keeping an equal distance between us. I was soon able to attack her stiff nipples with my mouth, and within a few minutes had her whining and moaning in joyous pleasure, "Mmmm... Oh, Mike... Yes-mmm." 

The pace continued to quicken with both of us becoming more and more vocal as our arousal grew. I knew that each of us was nearing our orgasmic release when I felt the car turn right and then slow to a stop. "We're here," Cheryl stated as she turned off the engine and swung her door open. "You two need to get out before you get cum all over my seats," she mocked as she exited the vehicle, quickly pulling the rear door open. 

A bit paranoid now, I glanced out the gaping car door, and to my relief I couldn't see any other houses nearby. Tiffany didn't hesitate and pulled herself off of my pecker, climbing out still nude. "C'mon, Mike... If you're quick, no one will see you," she taunted as she made a hasty retreat toward the back of the house. 

I grabbed my pants from the floorboard and just as I began to step out, a car passed behind us with a 'whoosh', causing me to jump. Cheryl laughed and said, "She told you to hurry, Silly... C'mon, the coast is clear." 

I scrambled out of the car and headed the same direction that Tiffany had went, my boner bouncing in front of me. As I rounded the corner of the house, I discovered the girl already sprawled on what looked like some kind of exercise mat that was laying on the floor of the covered deck. "Come here and finish me off, Lover Boy," she cooed with a big smile. 

Dropping my pants in a pile, I quickly shed my shirt and pounced on the blonde. By the time Cheryl rounded the corner, carrying my duffle bag, I was once more buried in her daughter's pussy. For the next several minutes the two of us didn't speak at all, simply moaning and groaning as we continued our fuck session in raging lust for each other. It was one of those times when romance wasn't needed, or wanted, only simple hard fucking. 

We were like a couple of animals rutting away until Tiffany bucked upward and paused, choking out, "Oh-Oh... Yessss," as she climaxed beneath me. When her body lowered back to the mat I resumed hammering into her while she tossed her head about, uttering unintelligible sounds. Within a few moments I followed suit, sounding off loudly as I emptied my balls deep in her womb. I ground my pelvis against hers as my semen spilled into her, my body flinching involuntarily as the orgasm subsided. 

Afterward we both lay there panting, my softening cock still inside her. I lowered my lips to hers and kissed her gently. "God, I missed you," I said, running my fingers through her soft blonde hair. I kissed her again and noticed a tear trickle from the corner of her eye. "What's wrong?" I wondered, concerned that I might have hurt her with my over zealous banging.

"Nothing... I'm just so happy that you're here," she answered with a cracked voice.

Kissing her tenderly once more, I said, "Yeah, and neither one of us have to leave when the weekend is over." Her arms wrapped around me in a tight hug and she crushed her lips to mine as the tears streamed from her tightly closed eyes. 

We lay there holding each other quietly for about ten minutes, until Tiffany regained her composure and said, "Let's get cleaned up and I'll show you around." Rising from the mat, I took her hand, kissed her again, and followed her inside the house. She led me directly to the bathroom, started the shower and stepped into the oversized tub. "C'mon in..." she beckoned and I joined her in the spray of hot water. 

We soaped and washed each other's bodies, paying special attention to all the right areas, and then exited and dried ourselves. She then led me to her room, where I found Cheryl had deposited my duffle. While Tiffany pulled a pair of cut-offs over her naked bottom, I dug into the bag for a pair of shorts and T-shirt that I always put in my carry-on bag, just in case... (not that an airline would ever lose any luggage). After dressing, Tiffany took me on the grand tour of the house and grounds, ending up on the deck that we had screwed on earlier. 

Below us was a patio that was accessed via sliding glass doors from the 'family' room on the lower level of the house. I hadn't noticed it before, but from this deck, there was a nice view of the beach and ocean, which was only a short walk from their secluded back yard. Cheryl had been right; there was plenty of room for all of us. The house had four bedrooms, two and a half bathrooms, the family room, a formal living room and dining room, plus the kitchen, and another room that was outfitted as a home office. It wasn't a mansion but it was certainly upper class. 

"Nice place," I commented as Cheryl joined us on the deck. 

"Yeah, we think so... Don't we Sweetie?" she replied, rubbing Tiffany's back briefly, and then explained that it was thanks to Tiffany's father. He had the good sense to carry more than enough insurance to be sure his daughter and wife would have a decent life if he was taken from them. His death of a sudden, unexplained heart attack had left them without him, but not without provision. "We both work, but it's just to pay utilities and for spending money," she added. 

We chatted for ten or fifteen minutes before she told us that she was going inside to start dinner. Tiffany and I lingered for a while longer and then retreated to the house as well. "Want some help?" I questioned as we entered the kitchen. 

"Sure!" the woman responded with a smile, adding, "I don't think we've fixed dinner together since Vegas," referring to the disillusioned state that Tiffany had been going through. 

"Aren't you going to change?" I asked Cheryl. 

Giving me a puzzled look, she questioned, "What are you talking about?" 

I chuckled and teased, "I figured you were going to cook in your apron, like you did at the lodge." 

Rolling her eyes, she retorted, "I don't think so..." and we all laughed. 

It was wonderful to be in the company of these two again. Not just because of how smokin' hot they were, although that helped, but because of who they were on the inside. They weren't perfect by any means, but they weren't pretentious or shallow either. They were genuine in every facet of their lives, without being afraid, or ashamed, to be themselves.

While we ate, the conversation turned to the sleeping arrangements. "I suppose you two will be staying in the same room," Cheryl pondered. 

"I think that's the general idea," I grinned.

Tiffany interjected, "Maybe we should get a king size bed so we can all be in the same room." 

Cheryl chuckled and replied, "I don't think you guys would appreciate me bringing a date home and jumping in bed with you." 

Looking at me with a sly smile, the girl snorted, "I don't know, Mom... Sounds like fun to me." 

Shaking her head and laughing, the older woman said, "Well I can see that you're back to normal again." 

Ultimately, it was decided that Tiffany and I would move into one of the larger bedrooms the following day. 

After dinner we landed in the family room where we watched some 'chick-flick' and had a couple of drinks. And while she wasn't of legal drinking age, I wasn't surprised to see Cheryl mix one for her daughter. Especially after the two weeks at the lodge, where the girl had shown more responsibility with the alcohol than most of the 'legal' people there. Even though I didn't care much for the movie, it was a very enjoyable evening and it passed rather quickly. It had been a busy day and we were soon yawning and stretching, with Cheryl bidding us, "Good Night," as she disappeared to her room. 

Tiffany and I both knew that our evening wasn't going to end without another romp in the sack and, without any discussion, moved to her room. While the nubile Tiffany wriggled out of her cut-offs, I quickly stripped an flopped on the bed, lying across it with my legs dangling off the side. The girl finished disrobing and lowered herself to her knees, between mine, and quickly took my flaccid penis into her mouth. It took her no time at all to have me hard and ready, her warm lips slipping up and down my shaft. 

With my eyes closed, taking in the wondrous feeling, I felt her stop and pull away from me. I expected to feel her weight on the bed, but after a few seconds passed without it happening, I looked up to see what was going on. The girl looked into my eyes and said, "It's okay if you don't want to, but would you mind if we invited Mom this time?"

I smiled at her and replied, "No, I don't mind at all... I'll even go invite her." 

I rose from the bed, went to Cheryl's bedroom door and knocked lightly. I didn't get any response and thought, 'She sure went to sleep quick,' but knocked again to be sure. I was about to turn away when I heard a muffled "Come in" from the other side of the door. I turned the handle and entered, instantly aware that the still fully clothed woman had been crying. 
