 The order of my stories to read is:

Todd & Melina series, Interludes 1-5, Sperm Wars series, Russian Roulette series, Case of the Murdered Lovers series, Case of the Murdered Chessplayer series, Case of the Executed Evangelist series, The Swap series, Interludes 6-10.

The Murdered Football Player series.

Feedback and constructive criticism is very much appreciated, and I encourage feedback for ideas.

This story contains graphic scenes, language and actions that might be extremely offensive to some people. These scenes, words and actions are used only for the literary purposes of this story. The author does not condone murder, racial language, violence, rape or violence against women, nor cults, and any depictions of any of these in this story should not be construed as acceptance of the above.



Part 19 - Carnations

At promptly 6:00am Wednesday morning, I arrived at Police Headquarters. To my surprise, the MCD room was already full of Detectives. Angela Harlan met me in the hallway to tell me the Chief wanted to see me in his office. I buzzed through MCD, grabbing my cup and pouring coffee before heading to the Chief's office. Yes, morning coffee trumps going to the Chief's office, and even the Chief would agree.

When I entered the office, the Chief was standing behind his desk. In the exact middle of the desk was a large arrangement of carnations and other flowers in a vase.

"Crowbar, I have a mystery here that I need you to solve." Chief Griswold said. "I want to know who sent these flowers." I looked at the card, which said simply "We love you, Chief!" with no names listed.

"Chief, I can honestly say that I was not a part of this, and I wish I had been." I said. "I can also say that it is very likely that this case will never be solved, but I have a strong suspicion that certain Detectives are the culprits. I likewise suspect that I will never get straight answers out of any of them."

"I agree," said the Chief, "but if you do find out, tell them I appreciate it." I could see on the Chief's face a happiness that I had not seen since he'd found a way to promote me to Lieutenant early, and that there was some emotion behind his eyes as well.

 "Yes sir." I said. "If there is nothing else, I'll go work on this case right now." The chief nodded and waved me out of the room.

"Okay, guys," I said as I re-entered the MCD room. "The chief is grateful. However, I wish you'd have let me know what you were going to do so I could contribute to the Chief's flowers." My team began looking at each other somewhat sheepishly and furtively.

"Lieutenant," Cindy Ross declared with a gleam in her eye, "by your statement, I deduce that you have not yet been to your own office this morning."

Her words struck me. I excused myself and went to my little office. Sure enough, in the exact middle of the desk was an arrangement of carnations and other flowers, just like the Chief's. The card said "We love you, Iron Crowbar!"

It took an effort to keep my eyes from welling up as I thought 'I love my team, I love my team, I love my team...'. No, really, I love my team...

Part 20 - Traitors and Snares

At 7:00am, we gathered in the MCD room to watch the news. The Chief and even Captain Malone were in the room, wanting to hear what was next. The broadcast started up, and that of course meant Bettina!

"This is Bettina Wurtzburg, KXTC Channel Two News. We have breaking news in the Jefferson Jackson case, and we are bringing you an exclusive interview with Special Agent Richard Ferrell of the SBI from just an hour ago. Roll tape!"

A tape of Bettina interviewing Dick Ferrell in the darkness in front of one of the University buildings came on.

"Holy shit!" I exclaimed as I saw who was standing next to Ferrell and Bettina. I lunged for the remote and hit the DVR "Record" button. The "REC" letters appeared, and I knew I was taping something I very much wanted:

The person standing next to Ferrell was Detective Steven Ikea.

"Chief!" I exclaimed, "why is Ikea working with Ferrell? What's up with that? Why does HE get to work on the case?" I said with feigned anger. "Captain Malone, what's up with this?"

"What the fuck is that prick doing there?" the Chief spluttered, his face crimson with anger. Malone said nothing but just shook his head, not looking very pleased.

"Agent Ferrell," Betting was asking, "What new information do you have for us?"

"Ms. Wurtzburg, the SBI is conducting a raid upon the offices of one of the University assistant coaches with a warrant obtained overnight. As you know, Jeff Jackson was found with a small dose of performance-enhancing drugs in his system. The SBI has found evidence of performance-enhancing drugs in the possession of one of the University assistant coaches. We are also currently applying for a warrant to make an arrest in the case."

Bettina came back on, live. "Channel Two News has learned that SBI agents are at the home of Strength and Conditioning Coach Erskine Marshall with a warrant for his arrest, but they have found the home empty-- what's that? Ladies and gentlemen, what you are now seeing is live from Town & County Police Headquarters! The local police have already arrested Coach Marshall, and he is being brought into the Station now!"

The scene showed Marshall being brought into the front door of Police Headquarters by Patrolmen Pete Feeley, Micah Rudistan and Chet Morton. Anyone with the brains of a Betta fish knows that arrested perps are always brought into the right side entrance (north side of the building) for booking and processing, but the Press didn't seem to figure it out as their cameras fought to get as close into Marshall's face as possible, and Morton and Feeley were taking delight in forcefully pushing the cameramen back.

"Well, they wasted no time." I said. "Good thing we didn't either. Excuse me, folks, I have work to do." I said as Bettina continued to broadcast that the SBI believed Marshall was involved in giving PEDs to players.

The Chief had followed me down the hall. "Crowbar, this is going to spatter shit all over the place! What's going on?"

"Come on, Chief, I'll show you." I said. I went to Interrogation-A, where the three officers had Coach Marshall.

"Hi Coach." I said as we entered. "This is Police Chief Griswold, he'll be your host today during your stay in our fine Headquarters."

"Hello, Chief." Marshall said as he shook the Chief's hand. "Thank God you've got this guy working for you."

"I daresay." said the Chief. "What's up, Crowbar?"

"Let's go downstairs, quickly. Feeley, Morton, Rudistan, we'll take it from here. Thanks for your help this morning. Go get breakfast and keep your receipts; it's on me."

I led Marshall and the Chief through the security system to the basement and into the I.T. room, which contained only Myron Milton. We went into my old I.T. office, whereupon I lowered and shut the blinds so that no one could see inside.

"Coach, you're going to have to stay here for most of the day. Myron will take you to the restroom nearby if you need to go, and we'll bring you some food." I said. "Myron, do we have what we need?"

"Yes sir, we do!" Myron said. "Come look at this."

We gathered around Myron's computer screen as he played back the camera footage. The cameras were in Coach Marshall's office, installed by Martin Nash and an I.T. technician under the authority of the warrant Paulina Patterson had obtained from Judge Watts for me. The video showed Coach Willy "Speedy" Gonzales planting syringes in a filing cabinet and then a drawer in the desk.

"Now watch what happens at 6:00am." Myron said. As we watched, the time-stamped video showed SBI Agent Dick Ferrell and Detective Steven Ikea with two other SBI agents enter the office, go right to the drawers where the syringes had been secreted, "find" the syringes, then bag them as evidence. Ferrell and Ikea were grinning, laughing and giving each other high-fives and fist bumps.

"Damn, Crowbar, you got 'em." Chief Griswold said. "You got those two motherfuckers cold."

"Better yet, I've got Gonzales planting evidence." I said. "Let's go see if Paulina has come in yet, so she can get us an arrest warrant for 'Speedy' Gonzales."

------------------------

Agent Dick Ferrell and Steven Ikea entered the front door of Police Headquarters at 8:00am. Both were absolutely furious. They were met in the front hallway by me, holding a weapon at 'port arms'. That weapon, of course, was a blue crowbar, and it was crying out to be used. Behind me were Cindy Ross and Hugh Hewitt, wearing their bulletproof vests, and several well-armed and protected uniformed policemen also ready and spoiling for a fight.

"Where the fuck is Marshall?" Ferrell screamed. "You bring him to me right now."

"And if I don't?" I thundered back.

"You son of a bitch, I'll have your god-damned ass hanging from the University bell tower before I'm done if you don't bring Marshall to me right this fucking minute."

"Ferrell, why don't you just try to come and take him from me." I said, tapping the crowbar into my left palm. "Please, just try."

I thought he was going to do it and I'd have my chance, but Ikea put his hand on Ferrell's shoulder and whispered something to him.

"We'll be back." Ferrell said. He turned and left. Ikea remained.

"Ikea, what the hell are you doing helping that prick?" asked the Chief, his voice menacing.

"I'm bringing justice to a drug-peddler, Chief." Ikea said. "And if you don't give him to the SBI immediately, you won't be Chief of Police here much longer." A murmur of anger broke out from the other officers in the hallway.

"Why you fucking bastard--" the Chief started, but I held him back. The Chief managed to say "Ikea, you're suspended as of right now. Turn in your badge and your gun to the front desk."

Ikea simply turned and walked out the front door, still armed. "Let him go, Chief." I said. "His day is coming."

-----------------------------

At 9:00am, Paulina Patterson called from the Courthouse, telling me that the warrants for the arrest of Gonzales had been issued, and that the warrant for Marshall's arrest had been cancelled.

However, eight SBI agents headed by Dick Ferrell invaded our headquarters. Though ADA Patterson told them that the Marshall arrest warrant was no longer valid, Ferrell handed her a piece of paper.

"That's a Federal warrant, Bitch, not one from your corrupt County." Ferrell said. "Marshall is going down for drug distribution, and there's not a damn thing you can do to stop me. Now I demand that you turn him over to my custody immediately!"

"We'll see about stopping this warrant." Paulina said, heading back down to her office. Ferrell gave orders to search the Headquarters for Marshall. Marshall was not found. But when Ferrell and his agents wanted to go into the secure basement area, he was stymied.

"I demand that you take us down there immediately." yelled Ferrell in the anteroom, in front of the secure door that led downstairs."

"No." said the Chief, appearing in the room with Hugh Hewitt and his future-SWAT-team buddies, in full riot gear. "And you don't make demands in my building, Ferrell. Officers, escort all of these SBI agents out the front door. If they resist, shoot them."

The heavily armed officers moved in on the SBI agents. Despite my prayers, the agents did not resist and were escorted out of the building without incident.

At 10:30 Paulina announced that the Federal warrant for Marshall was rescinded. I suggested to the Chief that Marshall remain in our I.T. area until the Press could report on his innocence. I got on my cellphone and made a call.

"Hello, Ms. Wurtzburg!" I said. "Yes, I'm fine... yes, the baby is doing very well, thank you. Listen, I have a scoop for you... oh yes..."

---------------------------

Just after 10:30, Coaches Brian Harlan and Gonzales arrived at headquarters, accompanied by Detective Angela Harlan. She had persuaded them to come in quietly, before the Press could find them.

Gonzales was sitting at the table in Interrogation-A, Harlan to his left. I was on the other side of the table with Martin Nash standing behind me and Patrolman Morton in the corner behind Gonzales. First, I read both coaches their considerable and numerous Miranda rights.

"Gentlemen," I said, "let's watch a little TV." I turned to my left, where the TV set flickered on. The video of Gonzales planting the syringes in Marshall's office played on the screen. Gonzales showed no emotion, but Harlan's face fell as he brought his left hand to his forehead.

"Am I free to go?" inquired Gonzales, the cheek of his defiance stunning everyone in the room.

"Hell no, you are not free to go, Speedy." I said, disbelief in my voice. "As you can see, we have video evidence that you planted those syringes with the intent of helping the SBI frame Coach Marshall. You're facing years of hard time, Speedy."

"You won't touch me and you know it." Gonzales said. "If you do, the NCAA will come in and investigate the football program, and you know the big shots won't have that. They'll protect me and you better back off. The football program is more important than you and your puny crowbar, Detective."

"You think I won't touch you?" I said, rising to my feet, letting anger whip through my voice. "The other day I had to talk to a woman whose eyes were red from crying because her 20-year-old son had been found dead in a ditch, and you think I give a shit about you being a football coach, you son of a bitch!?!?!" I roared.

"Do you really think being a football coach is going to save you from being prosecuted and imprisoned for 10 to 20 years, you sick sack of dog shit?" I continued to yell. Gonzales looked at me defiantly, trying hard not to break, but realizing that he was well and truly fucked; his gambit had not worked. Harlan looked like he was about to get sick.

"Jesus Christ Almighty!" I breathed as I began walking around the table until I was at Gonzales's side. I leaned over until I was close to his ear and said in a much quieter but more menacing voice. "Speedy, the football program will still be here, NCAA or not, and whether or not you're a coach or in State Prison getting your ass gang-raped every night. And that IS what will happen to you, Speedy; those prison boys are going to lick their chops to make your their bitch... every single night." Gonzales just looked forward, unmoved.

"I want a lawyer." he said formally and woodenly. "I will say nothing more without legal representation."

"Lieutenant," Harlan said, his voice about to break, "can I speak to you privately for a moment?"

"Detective, am I free to go?" asked Gonzales, unbelievably.

"No, you are not free to go, Speedy." I said.

"Then I am held against my will? I am being kidnapped?" Gonzales asked.

"No, dog shit, you are under arrest." I said. "Under an arrest warrant issued this morning, for the crime of planting evidence in an attempt to incriminate an innocent man. Morton, re-read this piece of dog shit his rights and cuff his hands behind him, but stay in here with him until I get back from talking to Coach Harlan. Martin, Coach Harlan, let's go out here."

I led the way out the entrance to the lobby, then turned and led the two men to Interrogation-B next door. Once inside, I told Martin to make sure the cameras and microphones were turned off.

"Okay, Coach, what did you want to talk to me about?" I said.

"I believed you when you said yesterday that you don't want to hurt the University or the athletic program." Harlan said. "So there has got to be a way for us to resolve this without it blowing up in our faces."

"There is." I said. "But only if you do it my way, exactly as I tell you. These are my terms..."

---------------------------

"This is Bettina Wurtzburg, KXTC Channel Two News!" the lovely redhead reporterette said as the noon news broadcast started. "Channel Two News has been following the fast-paced developments of this morning in order to bring them to you. Coach Erskine Marshall has been cleared of all earlier charges and suspicion of involvement in distributing drugs to University athletes. Here is SBI Deputy Director Tom Conlan's statement just a half hour ago."

Film footage of Conlan was shown. Standing next to him was State Senator Nathan Allen, looking sullen but trying to put the best face on these developments that did not help him at all. "The SBI acted upon good faith information, but new evidence was developed that exonerates Coach Marshall completely. On behalf of the SBI, I apologize for this mistake, and I am glad to report that we were able to exonerate Coach Marshall before more serious mistakes were made."

"Sir, will the SBI agents responsible for these mistakes be disciplined?" a reporter asked.

"We will review procedures and protocols with all of our agents." Conlan said. "The agents involved in this situation were acting in good faith, and while there will be a review of their actions, there is no reason to bring further punishment to them at this time."

"Allow me to say something, Mr. Conlan." Senator Allen said, his voice the perfect stereotype of a slimy, sleazy, crooked politician. "Ladies and gentlemen, I want to reiterate my full faith in the abilities of the State Bureau of Investigation and their excellent, extremely competent agents. I've had the pleasure of watching them in their investigations the last few days, and despite smears against their integrity they have performed their duties marvelously. You may have full trust in the competence and abilities of the SBI as they complete their investigations of the unfortunate student's death."

The TV switched back to Bettina, who was interviewing Chief Griswold outside the Courthouse. "Chief, when will Coach Marshall be released from custody?"

"Bettina, he never was under arrest nor in custody." the Chief said. "Our Major Crimes Division had the evidence of his innocence early this morning, evidence that we provided to the SBI and to the Courts just as soon as we physically could get it to them. Coach Marshall agreed to come into Headquarters for his own protection until we could provide the evidence of his exoneration to the other agencies and get the warrants for his arrest cancelled. Coach Marshall is meeting with Coach Harlan now, and will be making a statement later this afternoon..."

The afternoon radio broadcasts all over the State and even some national outlets carried the story of the exoneration of Coach Erskine "Iron Man" Marshall. That was one beast destroyed, I thought to myself. Now for the next step.

Part 21 - Leads and Misdeeds

It was SBI Special Agent Ted Crenshaw that was dispatched as the goodwill ambassador to me. But I was more surprised to see Deputy Director Conlan come into the Headquarters with Crenshaw.

"Okay, Crowbar, you've gotta give me something." Crenshaw said after the four of us went into the Chief's small conference room. "The SBI has to save face, here. The press is buzzing, the politicos and the wealthy alumni are howling."

"Lieutenant, we've truly got to find a way to mend fences and work together." Conlan said. "Ferrell and his buddies have friends, Senator Allen and other State legislators are fully behind him. But we also have a lot of good agents, and overall we're a good organization. Certainly not perfect, but we also don't need the Public distrusting us."

"Crowbar, they do have a point." Chief Griswold said. "And Senator Allen is working like hell to fuck us over. Mr. Conlan needs help warding off Allen and his cabal."

"And I agree with Director Conlan, sir." I said. "We do need to calm these waters down, now that the frame-up of Coach Marshall has been averted."

