 This is my first story for Literotica; I warn you about the length of it due to certain details of the story I just could not miss. I love detailing and setting the atmosphere on how the situation was created, the circumstances that took me there. I am open to advices and feedback from anyone. Please bear with me as I learn my best way to express in English, since it is not my native language.

-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-

It was very normal for me to drive home listening to some old classics; I always loved to explore a new route with less traffic whenever I could. This particular day I was going home with a friend as my car broke the day before, and she decided to pick the usual high-traffic road, which led us through a long line of cars and many extra minutes of perhaps not the most entertaining talk we had both have in a while. We were both tired and decided to let the radio fill the words we just did not felt like saying. Just a typical Tuesday I said to myself in irony as "Dust in the Wind" played in the background of the radio, one of my favorites from Kansas. I picked my favorite radio station, very used to listen some of my favorite songs on the radio.

Half way through the long line of cars, we could see there was an accident right in the main intersection, which explained the slow movement on both lines on the road. Suddenly my friend became a little nervous and when I asked her what was wrong, she said there were beggars heading towards us and she hated to face them, to say no to them made her unease, always afraid of them doing something against her in return. She started to look at her watch more often when I saw these two thug-like men leaning on the car in front of us; one had his hood on, the other one had it off. I told my friend to relax and to just let me handle it, so when both of them came to lean on her window, my friend had her eyes fixed on the wheel and ignored the small taps on her side, I smiled kindly to the hooded one and signaled him to come over my side. I was not scared of the situation, I had many similar encounters in the past, and found out most of these people were harmless. All I could see was him smirking slightly and walking with curiosity over my side, when I pulled down my window I offered him a couple of dollars in exchange for something.

Him: exchange? For what?

Me: how about you pull down your hood and give me a simple and honest smile?

I could see him being confused, and his smirk slowly fainted. He pulled back a few inches then removed his hood barely half way. He had greasy hair and some musky smell on him, it was a little intoxicating. But what had me completely baffled was his honey eyes; he had some dazzling soft eyes, I felt goosebumps under his gaze. When he smiled I could feel my heart stop briefly. When I caught my breath and recovered some sense, I handed to him the few dollars I had promised and he kept smiling at me as his hand touched mine, forcing me to keep the money as my friend started accelerating and move away.

Her: that was close! I don't know how you get the courage to talk to those people... they are so dangerous!

I was still confused and wrapped in his strange perfume that I preferred to let her comment go by while I tried to understand why I felt so strange. When she left me home, I was still thinking about him, hard to forget his beautiful smile and those striking eyes. After I managed to turn on the new electric kitchen my mother gave me as gift for my first apartment, I started to cook some chicken with vegetables, trying to just move on from the event of the afternoon I decided to let it go; even though I was certain my guts were screaming "he just doesn't fit there in the streets".

The next morning I woke up earlier than usual, hot and bothered, wet and needing a shower. I had a strange dream where I was running and he caught me, picked me up and took me some dark hidden corner to do everything he wanted with me. After a shower I made some breakfast and prepared my books for class, and as the day went on so did my mind and the memory of him faded to a corner.

The next couple of days were completely normal, and I found myself driving the same route each of those days. Only when I was passing by the same area where I met him, I realized why I had chosen that path again. Even though I made up my mind to let go of that event; it seemed that it wasn't going to be so easy.

By Friday the whole event was gone from my head and I was driving back home for a quick change of clothes before meeting friends at a new club downtown. This time I remembered to take a shortcut and once at home I was able to do all of what I had in mind just in time to pick up my friend. She loved to put some extra makeup on herself and always insisted I could use some too; but to me, a little eye liner and some lipstick was more than enough in any occasion.

As the night went by, my friends were drinking happily and I was laughing at them. My personal entertainment was to invite them a few drinks and watch them getting tipsy and ordering for more; to my defense, they never complained. It was well pass 2 in the morning when I headed to the bar to pay for the drinks, my head felt heavy with so many noises and the grey cloud of smoke covering the VIP room. I laid my head over the counter when I felt that strong perfume near me, I could have sworn that he was right there next to me but as I looked over into the sea of people, all I could see were strangers. I sighed and turned around to pick up my last drink when I felt a hand on my shoulder.

Him: what does a smile and a dance get me?

I gasped and turned around to face him. He was really there, and was a head taller than me; his hair somewhat cleaner, his clothes much more elegant, and his eyes just as striking and sad as I remembered. I felt my knees shake and I know I tried too hard to smile because I could see in his face I was doing a horrible job at it.

Him: should I call the paramedics? Are you ok?

Me: I am... yes I am ok... sorry, you just took me by surprise... what are you doing here?

Him: I am enjoying the party... doesn't seem so?

Me: I wouldn't know...

Him: care for a dance? Before you return to getting your friends drunk...

Me: I wasn't!

He took one of my hands and pulled me closer to him, forcing me to feel perhaps too much of his body close to mine. I was definitely getting intoxicated with his perfume, and I know for sure I was blushing and feeling breathless since his hand touched mine. I followed him on the dance, which became too slow for the music it was playing. He slowly guided me with his movements to a corner, and the dream I had of him the first time I saw him, came to my head immediately. My heart was pacing fast and I could feel my mouth dry, until he finally stopped and offered me a seat at one of the tables.

Him: you must be confused and wondering if you should call the security by now...

Me: confused is an understatement... but no, security didn't cross my mind... yet...

He chuckled, and I felt my heart skip a beat as he did.

Him: let me give you the express explanation... I am a sociology student on my 5th year... I was doing an experiment with some other students on the streets when you first saw me...

Something deep inside me jumped with happiness, not because I would have been less excited to see him again if he was just a street guy, but he was giving me straight information without me even asking for it. Oh, and his eyes were melting me as he talked, his lips were just so desirable.

Him: did I scared you? You are awfully quiet...

Me: I am sorry, I was just... processing what you just said... nice meeting you Mister 5th year Student of Sociology...

Him: Oh sorry, my name is Christian... and you?

Me: I am Caly...

He leaned closer to me and I swallowed hard, he smirked again and said "Nice meeting you Caly" with a gentle kiss on my cheek. I was glad we were sitting, because if not I most certainly would have been shaking. My body just felt drawn to him, he was not only handsome and a little mysterious, but he was also a gentleman, fun and smart. We talked a little more and then moved back to the dance floor, I felt extremely shy close to him and he noticed it, enjoying it greatly. My friend finally found us and asked me if I could take her home, she had had one too many drinks and was feeling sick. Of course she did not recognized him and I wasn't going to tell her who he really was either, and I felt thorn when she asked me to leave. As I turned to say goodbye, he was smiling at me and making me blush again. He leaned to my ear and whispered "I could come by and visit you after if you want..." And I was shocked as how fast I was giving him my info, wanting to be alone with him.

Me: here is my number... call me if you find yourself ever at the Old Town area...

Him: I will...

He kissed my cheek again, this time for perhaps a few seconds more than it was decent, then me and my friend left the club and headed our way. I was fearing and hopping he would follow us, but disappointed in the end when I was back home and no lost call or message on my phone. I skipped shower, my bed embraced me and I felt asleep quite quickly. Around noon I woke up feeling heated and wet; I had dreamed about him again and it was nothing innocent. I finally took a shower and ate a fruit while trying to distract my head from the night before when my phone vibrated on the table, letting me know I had either texts or missing calls. I had forgotten to turn the sound back up. I checked and found 3 missing calls from the same number, and as I realized I never asked him his, I called quickly back hopping it was him. After the 4th time a sleepy voice replied. It was him.

Him: Hello there...

Me: I am so sorry... I had my phone only on vibrations and... felt deeply asleep...

Him: *chuckling* its ok... hope you slept well?

Me: *blushing* Hmmm... I had nice dreams... how about you?

Him: very uncomfortable...

Me: why? What happened?

Him: I felt asleep on my car, shortly after my last attempt to call...

I was shocked and surprised, he felt asleep in his car waiting for me to answer my phone and he was still in it. So there was a chance I could see him again soon if he was just waking up.

Him: did I lost you again?

Me: no... I was just a little surprised... are you still here? Near the Old Town?

Him: apparently no one drove me home... so yes...

Me: come by...

And I ended up giving him my address. He didn't take long to get here, and I could see how extremely sexy he was with his half asleep face and wild hair. I managed to put a skirt and a nice blouse before he got here so I was more presentable, and he smiled as he walked towards me with a smirk on his face. My knees were shaking, and I knew he could tell. When he reached to me, he leaned to kiss my cheek and I took a deep breath on his musky perfume, I felt how goosebumps formed on my skin, and as his lips brushed my cheeks a little longer, my nipples got hard. I blushed even more, embarrassed, and turned around trying to hide it from him. As he walked in, I led him to my small living room and asked him if he would like something to eat.

Him: I am starving, would love to... do you want to order something?

Me: no, there is no need...

I decided I was going to cook and since my kitchen was just a few steps away, we could talk more while I gathered myself and tried to be less obvious to his effects on me. Through our talk I found out he was close to finishing his career and his final work was about how society chooses to ignore the people on the streets, their reactions to different kinds of people and how there was some exceptions as well. He said I was one of them, and asked me why I offered him money for a smile.

Me: to be honest, I aimed to distract you from the driver... my friend... she was just too nervous to even say no... I am not afraid of them, some are really nice... and also, the best way to know someone's intentions is through their smile... I just wasn't expecting...

Him: expecting what...?

Me: do you know you have a striking smile?

He chuckled and lowered his head, he was smiling and distracted at the same time with my last words. I managed to cook a decent plate of pork chops and rise, and he ate two plates of it without thinking twice. After we both finished, I picked up the plates and took them to the sink, just when I started to clean them, I felt him standing close behind me and my heart almost stopped.

Me: do you always follow girls you just met? Are you the stalker kind of guy?

I was trying to be funny and make him smile again, he chuckled and leaned closer.

Him: why are you nervous?

Me: you make me nervous...

He gave a step closer and leaned over my shoulder, I could feel his breath on my neck and shoulder as he was resting both hands on the sides, keeping me trapped.

Him: you make me nervous too...

Me: why...?

I could see his reflection on the window, and saw him close his eyes as he took a deep breath and kissed the base of my neck. I was biting my lips and he pressed himself more into me.

Him: I don't follow every girl I just met out of a club... but you... 

This time his voice was lower, and his breath hotter. I knew that if he opened his eyes and saw our reflection on the window, he would see how his words were affecting me. He moved his hands slowly to my hips, and I gasped as I felt his touch. He was being cautious, careful; perhaps fearing I would scream or run away from him. He was nervous of what he was doing to me, I could feel his hesitation. But I knew I could not run from him, even if it wasn't my own house, I just dreamed about his touches enough to know I wanted them bad.

Him: you make me nervous...

His hands moved slowly up and down my hips, gently caressing my curves. I had my hands wet and stopped washing anything, unable to move, as his hand slowly caressed my tummy and then moved up. I felt a single fingertip reach between my breasts as I was breathing heavier and faster; my nipples were already hard and aroused, I could feel his lips spreading little kisses on my shoulder and neck, and his pelvis was grinding on me. He was hard, so hard. I had my eyes half closed watching the reflection of us both on the window, he had his eyes still closed, and finally his hand cupped my left breast.

Him: stop me...

I released a faint moan and he pressed his teeth on my neck, making me shiver. His other hand turned down the water and pulled my hands away from the dishes, I gave in to the kisses and moaned louder as he nibbled my shoulder and squeezed my breast. He could feel my hard nipple on the palm of his hand, and he started tugging it over the fabric. There was no way I could stop him; I needed his touches.

He was pulling me towards him, now both hands on my breasts, massaging, cupping, tugging at my nipples and making me gasp and moan at the same time. I couldn't resist it any longer and turned my head to the side trying to find his lip, and found them welcoming mine. Our lips locked as he started to open my blouse and slide his hand inside, I arched at the contact of his warm hand on my breast, it felt it was almost like a dream, a new dream, and I was unsure of what to do. His hand massaged my other breast and his free hand remained on my tummy, I could feel his hesitation to move slower, and my urge to want him there. I found myself pressing now against him, my bottom stroking him over his pants, I felt him growl lowly and squeeze my breast harder in return, his hand finally lowering between my thighs. When his tongue swirled with mine and his lips sucked a little bit harder, I started to move slowly and turn around. The kiss was broken, his hands released me, and I saw those sad mellow eyes fearing for my reaction and my next words.

Me: don't stop...

He crushed his lips on mine and wrapped his arms around me without wasting any second, lifting me slightly and taking me to the couch. He put me down gently but as he tried to part briefly from me, I pulled him down with me. He gave released a small laugh and it felt contagious, I was laughing too. We started to kiss each other again and it felt more comfortable, we were caressing one another and I could feel his hips grinding on me harder, needy. I slid my hand to caress him over his pants and he moaned in my ear. No matter what people say, there is nothing more arousing than to feel the power a woman has over a men with a single touch. He was burning. I unzipped his pants and he helped me get rid of them, I wanted to lower myself on his body, to kiss him and get familiarized with his skin, but he gently cupped my face and pulled me up, shaking his head.

Him: not now... 

He whispered to me kissing me hard, he lifted my skirt and as we both laid side to side on the couch, he pulled my panties down and threw them away. I pulled his boxers down and felt his erection stand up for me, hard and ready. I licked my lips and felt the need to lick and kiss it, taste it, but he shook his head smiling at me, predicting my thoughts.

Him: right now, I can't wait...

His fingertip touched my clit and I shivered; I closed my eyes and bite my lip hard. He noticed my reaction and caressed me slower, kissing my lips and letting the tip of his tongue gently force me to release the pressure. I felt the tingling sensations all over my body, he rubbed my clit so slow but firmly, I was surprised how much I could resist without cumming. I felt him swift a few times and wasn't really caring why, as he was driving me to the edge with only his touch. He moved a finger to my lower lips and moaned softly as he felt my wetness waiting, wanting him. He finally spread my legs wide, and located himself between them. He was looking me straight in the eyes as he rubbed the tip of his cock in my juices and then pushed in slowly. I parted my lips and gasped, his deliciously slow movements pushing me to the edge. His cock was hot and it stretched me slowly; I was arching while his pelvis crashed against mine; he grunted and I felt his hardness rub my spot perfectly. I was so ready to cum, but I started holding, I wanted to prolong the feeling the most possible, wanting greedily to feel him spasm and cum with me. He was so close.

He started to move harder inside me, his cock rubbed my walls again and again, making me arch and twist in pleasure. He slid a hand to my ass and squeezed me hard, pressing me to him, as his other hand held a grip on the back of my neck as his lips found mine again and he kissed me passionately. He grunted one more time and then moaned loudly; I felt him cumming inside me and I whimpered as finally I came with him. His cock pulsing as waves of his seed started to fill me. My walls spasming as I squirmed and shivered in his arms. He kept going again and again, perhaps a long minute of slow and hard thrusts and heavy breathing, leaving me exhausted and delighted.

He slowly stopped moving, and with eyes closed his hand found my face and caressed me, leaning his forehead on mine and trying to catch his breath. He was even more gorgeous like this, raw and real, I felt like I could stare at him for hours.

When he finally and slowly recovered consciousness, he blushed and kissed me softly. Sliding out of me, he carefully took care of not leaving me uncomfortable. I closed my eyes as he got up; he put something on me that smelled like him, and after hearing some noises in the kitchen, I finally opened my eyes to found him naked in all his glory, standing in front of me, drinking a glass of water, watching me with a smile. His cock still half hard hanging and almost smiling at me. I blushed and covered my face with his shirt, and started giggling uncontrollable. He laughed softly and sat on the floor reaching to my face and pulling his own shirt from my face.
