 She sat at her desk and looked at the clock. Fifteen more minutes and I can leave. She reached down to massage her aching feet. The price her poor feet paid to be just a little bit taller. At only 5'1, the 4 inch heels she wore gave her some much needed height. 

She had a rough day. Her boss, a beautiful woman, made her day hell. She was so demanding and it seemed like Donna couldn't do anything right. She couldn't wait for the day to end. Donna secretly desired this woman and would do anything to make her boss happy. Most days she loved to see her sexy boss. She was always dressed so hot. She wore clothes that just screamed, "I want to be fucked". Donna took on some of the same looks as her boss. She now wore short skirts that hugged her round, shapely, firm ass. Her blouses were almost sheer and left nothing to the imagination. Donna loved nothing more than to show off her ample breast. Even at the age of 38 her 36 C breast were still very firm. Her nipples are rather large and always seem to be erect. 

Donna glanced at the clock again and seen it was time to head out. She shut down her computer and headed for the door. "Donna???" said Ms. Brady. 

"Yes, Ms. Brady?" she asked. 

"Did you water my plants today Donna?" said asked.

"Um, no I'm sorry, I forgot" Donna told her.

With a tone of disappointment Ms. Brady said, "Do that before you walk out that door Donna".

Donna smiled and told her she would get right on it. Deep down she was seething inside. How could this woman continue to be so degrading to her at times and other times think she is the greatest assistant? Donna finished watering the plants and once again headed for the door. The cool air hit her and even through her winter coat, Donna could feel her nipples standing even more at attention. Donna needed to relax, she needed a drink. She didn't want to go home to the lonely apartment. She had just broken up with her boyfriend of 3 years. She caught him in bed with another woman. She walked down the street to one of the local hangouts. 

She sat at the bar and ordered a glass of wine. She thought about her day and started to get frustrated again. She had to put the day behind her. As she sat there twirling her finger around the rim of her wine glass a man sat down next to her. She looked up briefly and smiled. She really didn't want to be bothered. They both sat quietly for some time. Donna ordered another glass of wine and the man told the bartender to put it on his tab. 

"You don't need to do that" she replied.

"Of course I do. How else was I going to get your attention?" he said. 

He extended his warm hand and introduced himself as Lee. You reached for his hand and felt the electricity from his touch run through your body. "Nice to meet you Lee, I'm Donna".

Donna checked him over. He looked to be about 5'9, his weight was roughly 160 or so and he had brown hair and brown eyes. His eyes were sexy, she could easily get lost in them.

"You look kind of stressed Donna" said Lee. 

"Oh I just had a bad day at work. Nothing a few glasses of wine won't cure." she said.

They continued to make small talk and Donna was feeling very sexual. She turned to face Lee and as she did she crossed her legs one over the other. 

The first thing Lee noticed was her shapely, stocking covered legs. His eyes traveled upwards to her thighs which looked so inviting. He reached her breast and his eyes got wide. He noticed her nipples while she was sitting sideways but nothing prepared him for the frontal shot of her nipples. They stood out so much against the material of her blouse. 

Donna's blouse was white and she had a camisole on but he could make out the dark color of her nipples. He tried not to stare but couldn't stop. 

"Lee? Lee? Lee, my face is up here" Donna said. 

Lee's face turned a bright shade of red. He looked at Donna and wanted her. He could feel his cock start coming to life. He started to shift in his stool. He moved closer to Donna and apologized to her telling her that she just took him be surprise. Lee's had touched Donna's thigh. He slowly caressed it. 

The sensation was driving Donna nuts. She wanted this man but after how she got hurt by her old boyfriend she didn't want to get involved with anyone. 

"Lee, I must get going, I have to work early in the morning and I have had a little too much to drink tonight" Donna told him.

"I don't want you to go" he said.

Donna grabbed a napkin and fished a pen from her purse. "Here's my number, call me sometime and we can get together for drinks again" said Donna Just like that, before Lee could say anything she grabbed her coat and left.

Donna got outside the bar and had to stand against the building. Her legs were shaking, Lee's touch stirred something in her she hadn't felt in a while. Her apartment was only a couple blocks away. The cold air only made her more excited. She needed to get home and take a cold shower.

Lee walked home in the cold trying to evaluate his interaction with Donna. Her alluring eyes and warm smile negated any feelings of coldness that was captured in the air. A part of him wanted to call Donna, but thought better of it to avoid appearing desperate. The saying about patience being a virtue was one Lee had a difficult time understanding. Remembering it was far easier since so many have mentioned it to him.

After deciding against calling Donna, Lee got ready for bed. He checked the computer for any messages. He started surfing on the net looking for any way to help him relieve pent up tension from a tiring work week. Eventually, he found an adult site that offered free membership provided the person answered some trivia. That was something he enjoyed growing up. Browsing further, Lee discovered that the question was very easy. He entered an answer and was led to a menu with various erotic stories and videos. One video topic caught Lee's undivided attention. 

A video appeared of two women pleasuring a guy. The gorgeous vixens were dressed to kill in lingerie while the guy had his cock out and started working it feverishly with his hands. The women stopped their groping to join in the fun. One of the women wrapped her painted lips around his manhood while the other kissed and pinched his nipples. 

Lee took out his cock and pretended he was getting such attention. A hand rubbed up and down his cock. Before long, the guy started to guide his cock into one of the drenched pussies begging for attention. He shoved inside one causing the female to arch her back in pleasure. Lee sped up with his hands. Sweat formed on him while he got more into the action. The guy soon came over two hungry mouths. They shared his cum while making out. That sent Lee's cock into a frenzy. He shot stream after hot stream all over his hand and lower chest. Lee whipped off his hand before turning off the computer. He got ready for bed with those and other sensual thoughts in his head.

Donna also started to think about the possibilities of this relationship. She wasn't yet looking for anything long-term having just broken up with her boyfriend. He seemed so right for her in the beginning. Things spiraled out of control and the relationship lost any sense of trust. Donna started to get upset from reliving that painful period of her past. She made a pact to herself to remember him while spending much time and effort focusing on the present. 

Nonetheless, she had difficulty sleeping after getting ready for bed. The abusive relationship became bad memories that hindered her from sleeping. Donna turned on the TV to help her sleep that night. Donna realized that there was little point in trying to sleep when her mind was focusing on other matters. The devilish side of her looked at the nightstand where she kept the remote controls. Opening one of the drawers, she found her special box. 

Inside were various toys she had collected after breaking up with her boyfriend. Flipping through the channels, her attention was immediately drawn to a romantic scene on the TV. The actors had their hands over each other. Donna mindlessly started rubbing her ample breasts and pussy while imagining that she was watching herself with Lee. 

Taking out a toy, she started to rub it lazily along her increasingly swollen pussy lips. She slid the toy inside her and turned on the knob on the other end. A buzzing sound vied for her attention with the moaning on the screen. Donna turned up the TV volume while she worked the dildo deeper and harder insider herself. Her hips shook and she experienced a well needed orgasm. Donna turned off the TV. She went to the bathroom to clean herself up and noticed a women with flushed cheeks staring back. Donna wickedly thought about the next time she could see that person before turning her attention to sleep.

The morning arrived with Lee calling Donna. She was happy to hear from him. Lee mentioned that there's a comedy club performance that night. He nervously asked whether Donna was interested in going. She tried to avoid being too anxious, but to no avail. They agreed that he would pick her up that night at 7. Both of them were looking forward to getting their errands done to enjoy each other's company that evening.

Donna was at the mall looking for something to wear for her date with Lee. She had her head down looking in her purse for something as she was walking and ran into someone. She looked up to apologize and was surprised to see it was Lee. She tried to apologize and Lee told her it was ok, no need for apology. 

"What are you shopping for? Donna asked Lee. 

"I was in need of some new suits for work so I thought I would try a few on. Care to give me your opinion? he asked.

"Sure why not" said Donna. Donna couldn't help but notice how hot Lee looked in his tight jeans and sweater. As he turned to walk towards the dressing room she checked out is ass and thought about how she couldn't wait to get her hands it. She waited while Lee tried on the first suit. When he came out Donna did a slow whistle. He sure looked even more handsome, hot and desirable. He tried on a couple more and Donna gave her approval on all of them. 

While Lee changed back into his other clothes Donna headed off to the ladies department with the intention of finding something for their date. She couldn't stop herself from looking at the lingerie. She had 2 things in her hands to try on when Lee appeared. 

"Do I get to watch you model them for me now?" he asked. 

Donna just laughed and said "Maybe". 

She went into the dressing room and tried on the first piece of lingerie. It was a red satin nightie. 

Lee knocked on the door and said "So how does it look? Very sexy I'm sure." 

Donna opened the door slowly and gave Lee a look. She stood there posed like a model. 

Lee felt his cock start to come to life. "WOW" was all he could say.

"I tell you what Lee, you stop drooling for now and I will add a few more things to my collection and we can go to your place or mine and I will give you a full show. How does that sound?" she asked surprised at her boldness.

"It sounds great but I can't promise you that I will behave" Lee said with a wicked grin. 

"Good, I wouldn't want you to promise that" said Donna as she winked at him.

She quickly changed back into her tight hip hugger jeans and sweater and went back out into the lingerie department. Lee was waiting for her and she decided to let him check out her ass. Donna bent over to check out some panties on a lower shelf giving Lee an eyeful of her strap from her thong. 

Lee moved closer to Donna and ran his finger tip over the strap of her thong lightly touching her skin. His touch sent Donna's pussy into over drive. She knew she would be so wet by the time they got to one of their apartments. 

As soon as they arrived at Lee's apartment, Lee grabbed Donna and pressed his lips to hers. Their tongues danced with such a passion that neither one had felt in a long time. The ache they both felt for some much needed sex sent there libido's in overdrive. Donna pulled away and told Lee to point the way to the bedroom. Once in the bedroom Donna removed her clothes and put on the first piece of lingerie. 

Lee's eyes grew wide as Donna stepped out from his room. She had on a black fishnet baby doll with garters and matching fishnet stockings and black thong. 

Lee's cock started to grow. "Oh my God Donna, that is so sexy!!!!" said Lee. 

Donna walked towards Lee like she was walking down the runway at some big modeling show. She knew how to flaunt her beautifully sexy body. 

Donna stopped in front of Lee and said, "See anything you like big boy?" 

Lee stood up and started to touch Donna, she pulled away quickly. 

"If you touch me now, you will never see the rest of what I bought" she smiled. 

Lee started to protest and Donna pushed him down in the chair and said she would be back with the next outfit. 

The next piece of lingerie that Donna came out in was a black corset with red floral accents, garter with black stockings and matching g-string. 

Lee whistled at this sexy outfit. He couldn't control his actions and his hand went to the bulge in his jeans and started to rub on his cock. 

Donna could see the raging hard on that he had and she licked her lips. 

"See what you are doing to me baby?" said Lee as he rubbed his hard cock.

"Looks like we might not be making it to the comedy club tonight huh?" Donna said with a wicked smile. 

"Um if I have anything to say about it, I will be spending my night taking off that sexy lingerie piece by piece and then devouring your sexy body inch by inch" Lee said.

Donna walked back into the bedroom to try on the last piece of lingerie. 

"Ready for my Christmas outfit Lee?" Donna asked from the bedroom door.

"Bring it on sexy, I can't wait" said Lee.

Lee's mouth hit the floor as Donna walked out of the bedroom. She was dressing in a floor length Santa jacket that had fur around the hood, cuffs and bottom of the jacket, a thick black leather belt that was just under her full breast, black thong panty, and knee high, laced to the top black boots with 4 inch heels. Lee's cock was so hard he could have stroked it a few times and came just like that, but he wanted to save it for Donna. 

Lee stood up and walked over to Donna. He slowly circled her, admiring every inch of her sexy body. 

Donna noticed how hard his cock was and she wanted to drop to her knees and suck it right then and there. Instead she asked Lee if he knew where she could find a Santa because she really wanted to sit on his lap. 

Lee grabbed Donna and whispered in her ear, "This Santa has something for you if you were a good little girl and you can definitely sit on his lap anytime". 

Donna smiled at Lee. He looked at her deeply and they started moving toward each other. The kiss between them quickly became passionate. Their mouths allowed tongues to enter and slowly slide over the other. Lee's hands were rubbing up and down Donna's back. She moaned lightly in Lee's mouth. Strong hands brought Donna closer to Lee. His manhood was straining for attention. Lee knew Donna was getting wet from being pressed closely to his cock.

Lowering his hands allowed Lee to run them along Donna's warm waist. He moved them up toward her ample breasts. Lee broke the kiss to nuzzle and kiss her neck. 

Donna arched her back slightly to force her breasts out more for Lee to notice. He recognized that Donna was getting very turned on by the attention he was giving her neck. Lee kissed slowly down her neck and up towards her ear.

Lee started lightly moaning into Donna's ear. She turned towards him and they kissed deeply. Their tongues were quickly groping for the upper hand in a duel between lovers for the other's undivided attention. Lee slowly pulled away to look at Donna lustily. He wanted her to feel his cock between her large breasts that needed attention. 

Donna guided his strong hands to her breasts, which got her even wetter. 

Tingles coursed through Donna's body. Her sexual temperature started to rise even more from Lee's caresses on her breasts. Lee started to breath on the nipples to see their response. He noticed that they stood at attention. She anxiously waited to see what Lee had in store next. 

Waiting was not something Donna enjoyed doing and her answer was soon fulfilled. Lee started to lift each breast into his hungry mouth, slowly, almost methodically; Lee began to see how much of Donna's breast he could swallow. He moved his mouth up and down, paying particular attention to each nipple. Satisfied once they were pointed, he pinched them. 

Donna moaned and felt the erotic floodgates open that made her panties damper. 

Lee soon left the breasts. His prize was waiting for him lower. He licked down Donna's tight stomach to the belly button. Lee kissed it before sliding his tongue inside similar to what he did to Donna's mouth. Moving lower, Lee ran his finger along the panty line. He kissed the top of the panties. The smell of her erotic scent coupled with the perfume she wore got Lee more excited about where he wanted to go next. He started to kiss and suckle on Donna's inner thighs. 

Patiently, he moved to the panties and pushed them aside with his fingers. Before Lee was the gate that he was about to call home. He greeted it with a light kiss that quickly become more passionate and erotic. 

Donna felt Lee's tongue part her lips and slide inside trying to explore every spot of her womanhood.

He walked his tongue deeper towards the center of Donna. She had closed her eyes to more fully enjoy the erotic sensations. It didn't take long for Lee to discover Donna's clit. Pouncing on it like a hungry tiger, he attacked the clit with his tongue. Forming the letters of the alphabet, he pictured doing the A,B,C's on the clit. Her sensitive spot became completely numb from the feelings. Lee noticed that Donna became calmer and more of her sweet nectar coated his hungry and waiting mouth. He gulped at the increasingly sweet juices. 

Donna felt Lee's tongue lap at her pussy and shove his probing oral member deeper and further inside.

Stars appeared to arise in Donna's head. She knew that it wasn't long before the climax of the erotic adventure would occur. Tightening her lips on Lee's tongue, she tried to force more of it inside. Lee slammed it further down Donna. That sent her body into a series of shakes. Donna began to explode on Lee's mouth and tongue. Lee was eating up all of Donna's honey while it drenched and almost drowned his face.

Pulling up from the fountain Lee made of Donna's pussy, he looked at Donna. Her eyes were closed. Lee also noticed that her nipples were more erect. He drew her closer to suck on them. 

After a few moments, Donna opened her eyes coming off of her erotic ride. 

"I see someone has a candy cane that needs to get sucked," Donna remarked while sliding her hands down Lee's body.

Donna's hand traveled over Lee's muscular chest. Her hand brushed over his nipple and her fingers pinched it ever so lightly. Lee moaned softly. She continued to go from one nipple to the other, teasing them with her touch. She moved from off the couch and motioned for Lee to take her spot. 

As Lee stood up he started to undo the button of his jeans. Donna watched with lustful eyes as Lee slowly gyrated his hips in a Chippendale dance move. He slowly slid his pants down over his hips. Donna could see his erect cock straining against his silk boxers. Donna licked her lips in anticipation of what was to come. 

Donna couldn't wait any longer. Her hands went to the waistband of Lee's boxers and helped him pull them down. Lee stepped out of his pants and boxers and sat back on the couch. Donna parted Lee's legs as she crawled between them. 

Lee looked at her, she looked like a tigress on the prowl. The lustful look that was in her eyes made him want her more. He hadn't known any other woman that had her look. She knew what she wanted and she was ready to pounce. Lee didn't think his cock could get any harder or bigger than it already was but it just continued to grow. 
