 One hot day in the middle of a July, I decided to go shoot some scenery shots with my new Minolta x-700 camera with the 500mm lens. The wife and kids were out of town visiting the in-laws, so I had the whole day to myself. I drove my pickup to a spot near the buckeye trail, where I had taken some scenery shots before. 

It was fairly early and the mist was still hanging in the valley below the ridge where I stood. You could tell it was gonna be a scorcher of a day. I hike about 30 minutes when a reached a clearing at the peak of the hill, from here you could get some great pictures, you could even see the trail come out into a clearing down below. I pull out my camera when I noticed something move below. 

It was a woman, in her thirties, with long blonde hair, sitting on a rock rummaging through her backpack. She had a body that wouldn't quit, and I noticed a stirring from my shorts. I panned the camera left and right she appeared to be alone. I figure to catch up to her I would need to hurry, I needed to make up about 20 minutes of trail. I put my camera away, and started the pursuit.

About 40 minutes later the trail come to a brook, off to the side was her backpack, she was kneeling next to it looking into the water. "Hi" I said, startled she fell into the water. It must've been cold, as she stood up her wet white T-shirt cling to her braless breast, her long blonde hair was totally soak, her shorts clung to her body, showing the outline of her womanhood, through the soft cotton material.

"Sorry" I said, "I didn't mean to startle you". She looked down at herself and started to laugh. I reached out my hand to help her out of the stream, while my eyes fixated on her breast. As I helped her out of the stream my eyes meet hers, they were a beautiful shade of green with a hint of blue. I stared at her for what seemed like hours, mesmerized by her beauty. Soaking wet she got out of the stream. She said she had brought no extra clothes, neither had I. I told her because it was my fault I felt it only right to help get her dry off to the right was a little clearing slightly hidden from the trail, we went over and I gathered some wood for a fire. 

I gave her my shirt, surprisingly she removed her T-shirt, "hell" she said " that shirt wasn't hiding much anyway" and put my shirt on. I got the fire going and put her T-shirt on a rock next to it. She removed her boots and socks and put them by the fire to dry. She opened her backpack and removed a blanket, which I placed on the ground, next to a big rock, and sat down with my back on the rock. She then took off her shorts, revealing the best looking panties I had seen in a while, a g-string with lace front panel. She put her shorts near the fire and sat next to me. 

In my camera bag was a deer skin wine flask filled with 10-year-old port. I took it out, took a swig and gave it to her. She took a swig, savoring the sweet taste, of the slightly stronger than wine, port. She began to tell me of her life, of how she sometimes needed to get away, how her husband wasn't attentive to her needs. We continued to drink, she was feeling the effects of the port. The conversation turned toward romance and sex. 

She got up to check her clothes, still not dry (thank god). She came back to sit with me, this time she sat in between my legs, her back against my chest, her head just under my chin.

Slowly, I stroked her hair, it smelled so good. I moved my hands to her shoulders and began to rub them; she leaned forward, moaning slightly. I ran my hands down her arms and then back to her shoulders. I softly blew onto the back of her neck, she moaned her acceptance. I allowed my hands to slowly move down her shirt, unbuttoning the buttons, she looked better in that shirt than I ever did. I began to slowly caress her breast, cupping them, running my fingers over the nipples. She is leaning back against me pressing her breast into my hands. My hand moved over her stomach. I whisper to her " Lori I want you", as my hand moves to the upper band of her panties, moving past the elastic and down to the top of her bush. 

She turned her face upwards and we kiss. I lick her lips and slowly insert my tongue into her mouth; she sucks on it gently. She tilts her head back and I kiss the hollow of her neck. My hand has reached her goldmine. I start to rub my fingers on her hole, persuading some moisture to come out, wetting my fingers with her moisture; I brought the moisture up to her clit. Stroking her clit ever so lightly, moving my finger up and down her button, she begins to rock her hips controlling the speed of my finger. She closes her eyes, I look at her breast rise and fall in time with her breathing, and I blow gently across the nipples. She rolled over on to her knees and gentle pushed me down on my back, she undid my shorts and removed them, I'm not wearing underwear and my cock lunges out rock hard. 

Her shirt is fully unbuttoned, she lays on top of me, pressing her breast into my chest. She puts my cock between her legs and begins to pump, I felt her moistness thru her panties, I whisper " remove them" and she does. Again she lays on top of me, my hard prick back between her legs, rubbing on her cunt, moistening my shaft, then rubbing on her clit. She reaches back between her ass cheeks, gripping my cock; she slides it into her pussy a little at a time until she has taken it all. She starts taking long slow strokes, bring her cunt to the point where I almost come out, then slamming it back in. Her pace is picking up, faster and faster, I kiss her deeply. I reach down and grab her ass cheeks, helping her ride my cock, telling her to make me cum. Nearing my climax I must take control. 

I roll onto her knees, her face is on the blanket, her ass is high in the air, and her legs are slightly spread, showing me that glistening cunt. I put my head against her cunt and glide it in. "Harder faster" she screams, "do me". I slap her ass leaving a red mark, she yipped. I slap the other cheek telling her to give it to me. I tell her she's making me cum, I pull out and let it rub in between her ass cheeks, shooting cum all over her back and into her hair, I rub my fingers in the cum, then put my fingers in her mouth, she sucks them clean. She turns around putting my softening member into her mouth tasting both our juices. With my cock fully inserted she flicks her tongue up and down the shaft, making me stiff again. She stops and begins to lick her way up my chest; she nibbles on my neck and then kisses me.

I lay her down on her back and kneel beside her. I caress her tits, slowly working my hands across her stomach toward her sweet box. As my hands get closer towards her bush, I begin to suck on her tits, licking around the outer edge flicking my tongue across the nipples. Her right hand cups my balls; her left hand begins to caress her own tits. My hand is working on her clit now as my tongue begins it journey to the valley of sweetness. Her hips start to gyrate as her clit grows with excitement. My tongue reaches her clit and I begin to suck and lick it gingerly, kneading it with my lips. I slowly insert a finger into her cunt, short slow strokes, just teasing her cunt with the tip of my finger; she takes my half-hard cock into her mouth to muffler her cries of excitement. 

It begins to grow. I straddle her in a 69 position with me on top. I begin to like her hole going further between her legs. Down passed her hole just above her anus licking and probing, she moans out, I feel the vibration on my shaft. Back to her clit I began my quest, with vigor, licking and sucking. Putting two fingers into her cunt, I slowly start to fuck her, gauging her reaction. She begins pumping her hips, higher and higher off the ground, she tries to scream but her mouth is full of my cock. Juices pour out of her vagina, running down over her asshole; down between her asscheeks, I remove my hard cock from her mouth, and kiss her deeply. 

I climb between her legs and insert my cock into her swollen, pulsating cunt. Her pussy muscles are still contracting from her orgasm, I start to pump her, raising her legs onto my shoulders. Harder and harder like an animal. I pump her she pumps me back, light two-prize fighter exchanging jabs. I pull out and climb up on her chest, with me pumping my junk, she opens her mouth and sticks out her tongue, licking the head, I start to cum, all over her face some in her mouth, she takes me deep, sucking me dry. She continues to suck till I start to soften. I roll over exhausted. She cuddles up next to me, putting her head on my chest. I mention the fact that we were still naked, she doesn't care, but realizes it would be awkward to get caught like this. Her clothes are dry, she gives me back my shirt, and we both get dress, we have some more port and lay back down on the blanket and cuddle.

Looking up we both fall asleep, ii awaken to find the day has turned to night, I wake her with a kiss, she smiles. We lay there looking at the stars. We both know that it must end but neither of us want it to. We gather our things and hike back to my truck. I give a ride back to her car, neither of us breaking the silence. We both get out and I walk her over to her car, we kiss and hug, neither wanting to let go, both of us knowing that this is the end, it would never work. 

With tears in our eyes we say goodbye, it would never be as good as what had just happened, but we will always have the memories.