 They were so tired from the drive, the BBQ, the valet, and the bell person, it all had taken a toll and the day was not yet finished.

He pushed her back and looked down in her eyes. He could see that she was excited but tired. "My love," he said quietly, "I can see the desire in your face and I want you as well. But we need to rest. Let's take advantage of the huge bed and take a nap."

She looked up at him, listened to his words, he was right, she wanted him, but she was tired and nap sounded so relaxing. 

He put his arm around her shoulder and they walked to the bedroom together.

They slowly undressed. They knew if they tried to undress each other, neither would take the nap the both needed so badly. 

She pulled the covers back to the end of the bed. It was too hot for blankets. She pulled the sheet back, undressed and slid under the cool sheets, she rested her head on the pillow and she was almost immediately asleep.

He watched her undress and could hardly contain himself. He turned and took off his clothes, when he turned around he saw that she was already in the bed and asleep. He quietly slid under the sheets, kissed her on the cheek, laid down and slept. 

When they woke, it was no surprise that they found themselves in each other's arms.

His arms holding her, she on her side with her head on his shoulder. Her hand was where it usually was, holding his not quite yet hard cock. He reached for her breast, it was his favorite thing to feel when he wakes up. Her breast soft in his hand, he stroked her nipple and felt it get hard under his finger. He could feel his cock getting harder.

She was not surprised, whenever they were in bed together, she always woke up in his arms. She was not sure how it happened, but loved that it always did. Her hand felt the familiar presence of his cock in her hand, not hard yet, but she knew what to do. She felt his hand on her breast and the stroke on her nipple. She could feel herself getting wet, as usual, because of his touch. She decided to return the favor. 

She began to stroke his cock, top to bottom to start, she wanted to feel him get hard in her hand as she stroked and played with the head of his cock. She knew it would be sensitive, but not so sensitive that there would be any immediate urgency. She loved the feel of the soft skin of his cock in her hand, and the silky feel of the spot, just below the head of his cock, the one that if she stroked it just right, would produce pre-cum that she would be able to use to lube the head of his cock, to stimulate him more. She felt him jump a little at the special treatment of the head of his cock. She knew he was ready.

He loved the way she treated his cock when they wake up together. Her stroke was magical, always. He closed his eyes and let the feeling of her soft hand on his cock envelope him as he stroked her nipple. His cock jumped, he knew it was time. He slowly moved his hand from her breast down her soft belly, to just the top of her pussy, knowing that just below that is her clit. He started to gently stroke the skin just over her clit, he could feel it, but it wasn't hard yet. He knew he would have to distract her from his cock, so he could focus on her clit to get her warmed up. He rubbed the spot where he could feel the nub he wanted so badly to get harder. As he did this, he moved her head so that he could place a soft kiss on her lips. He knew this would distract her from his cock. He was right, she moaned with pleasure as he kissed her. She took her hand from his cock and rested it on his strong chest.

She loved it when he kissed her. When he kissed her, she felt beautiful, she felt cared for, and safe. She knew that when he kissed her, he meant it and she knew he loved her. She felt his hand on her pussy and him stroking her clit. She could feel herself getting wet with desire. This is when she felt loved the most, when they would wake together, with desire and begin to please each other. As she felt her desire rise, she remembered his cock, and reached for it again. When she took his cock into her hand it was already hard. She loved that pleasing her, excited him.

He felt her clit getting harder so he slipped his hand down so that a finger could explore her pussy. He slipped a finger down. Her pussy was dripping. He slid his finger into her pussy and found the magic place that he knew would make her moan.

"Oh baby," she moaned, her hips began to push against his hand. Her mind went blank, all she could feel was the happy sensation flowing through her body, from the stroking. She pushed again, and the orgasm began, it began at her belly button and moved its way up to her head, and then down through her clit, she could feel herself gushing with no way to control it.

He could feel the first of a couple of orgasms he knew she would have, he continued to stroke the magic spot, He watched her face, at first it appeared she was in agony. Then her pussy began to push against his hand, and the moans turned into a smile, and a yell, he felt her juices cover his hand as she pushed her way onto his hand and into her orgasm.

As her body slowed from its orgasm, she could feel her senses coming back. She reached between his legs and began to stroke his cock. She loved the feel of his cock in her hand and it was hard and ready. She stroked is cock. He slowly stroked down and gently massaged his balls, they were tight and full. She could tell he needed release. She did not want him to release from her hand. She knew how much he enjoyed cumming in her warm soft pussy. As she held on to his cock, she moved her leg over his hip so that her hand on his cock, and his cock, were directly between her legs. She wanted to feel his cock in her pussy. She looked deep into his eyes, "Baby, I want, no, I need to feel your cock in my pussy." She pushed the head of his cock into her pussy. She knew that once that was done, he would take over and stroke her pussy to orgasm again, and feel him explode in her pussy.

He could feel her coming down from her orgasm, he wanted to hold her, but he felt her stroking his cock and knew that he would have to wait to hold her. His cock was already hard, her soft hand on his cock was almost enough to make him explode. He felt her leg go over his hip, she was facing him, looking into his eyes, he heard the words, knowing what would come next. He felt her stroke his cock, and then put just the head of his cock in her pussy. He knew what was next and was happy to slide his cock into her pussy. He began to move his cock into her pussy, slowly at first, he loved the feel of the first push of his cock into her pussy. It was always so tight, it always felt like the first time. So tight, as if it were doing everything it could to squeeze it, and make it feel like a glove. After the first push, he slowly pulled out, and slowly pushed it in again, still tight, but now it was ready to stroke his cock. It was hot, wet, and tight. He felt her put her face into the crook of his neck, she moaned with desire. He could not help himself, he began to stroke harder. He could feel the magic button on his cock. He could feel her pussy pulse around his cock. He could tell that she was getting ready to have another orgasm.

She felt him push his cock into her pussy. She could feel the head of his cock push against her magic button, his cock is large, and as he pushed in she put her head on his chest, relaxing her pussy so that he could put it all the way in her pussy. She could feel his cock, spreading her open, and pushing against her button. As he stroked, her mind was filled from the sensation of having her button stroked. She moved her hips a little, suddenly she could feel the double orgasm coming on, her magic button was about to explode and the sensation of friction on her clit from his cock, she could feel her clit about to explode.

"Baby," he said, "I'm ready, are you?"

He felt a nod.

They were both ready to cum. They both knew how special it is to have an orgasm together. They slowed their breath, to make sure they were in sync, and both started to push and stroke, at the very last second, he put a finger on her clit and stroked.

Her pussy clenched, her clit jumped, then she felt his finger on her clit. That's when everything exploded. Her body jerked the pleasure so strong radiating through her body. 

When he put his finger on her clit he felt her jump. When she jumped her pussy clamped down on his cock. It was so hard that he felt it around the head of his cock in her pussy and could not stop the feeling. The head of his cock exploded in joy, his cock jerked and filled her with his cum.

He pulled her close, she buried her face in his chest as she let her body calm from the intense orgasm. He rested his chin on her head. 

She looked up into his face. It made her happy to see that face. The face of happy and satisfied man. 

He looked down at her, the red glow of orgasm fading from her face. She smiled at him and he melted.

He placed the most loving and sensual kiss on her lips, she returned the kiss.

They both dozed. Knowing that there was more to come and happy in their love for each other.