  Chapter One

Christie Takes Control of the kids and the Parents

My name is Christy and I am a Nanny. I know it doesn't sound like much, just taking care of kids for other people and for the most part that's true. I am twenty-six years old and have been working my way in the Nanny field for over six years now. For the most part the pay is pretty good, and I like the young kids so it all works out. In a good situation I get room and board in addition to my salary. I have some flexibility with my nights so I've been working towards my degree in Finance part time. I have always had a goal in mind and now the perfect opportunity has come up.

A very successful couple in their early forties with two kids in college had an Oh Oh moment ten months ago and now has a one-month-old little girl. The Dad runs his own company and so does the mom. Neither one can afford to take the time to raise little Marie and still meet the college tuition payments on their two older children, Mark and Lillie. Neither one wants to turn their companies over to someone so they advertised for a sleep-in Nanny.

This is and will be a dream opportunity for someone, at least five to six years of good pay, nice house and proximity to two very successful people. John and Liz are planning to interview me, my resume is outstanding, my references outstanding. The position is full time; I'll be available at least six days a week, and some weeks more depending on their schedules. I am impeccably dressed, clean, well groomed and attractive, a commodity the wealthy find important even in a Nanny. I am five foot six, with long wavy brunette hair; my measurements are 34 in the bust, 28 in the waste and 34 around my butt. For my interview I dressed conservatively but not so my physical attributes were hidden.

John and Liz were both attractive and intelligent and my effort to obtain my degree in Finance was almost as significant to them as my history with children. I know that most of my clients used Nanny cams, I'd found them early in each job, but I would have and did take perfect care of my children. As I said I love little ones and getting paid to watch them, train them and help them grow is fascinating. John was a handsome man, well dressed about six foot four, full head of black hair barbered regularly. He was in fit condition and so was Liz. Liz was a little shorter then I was and her figure was outstanding. I estimated her to be a 36 or 38-inch bust, a 28 to 30 inch waste and 34 to 36 inch hips. Her dress while obviously expensive and attractive was overshadowed by the way she did her blond hair. It was pulled tight in a bun giving her a very severe look, like a dowdy schoolteacher ready to discipline anyone who annoyed her. I gathered it was a look she used to control her employees. She also spoke in tight clipped sentences, but I was able to play the game and in less then an hour I was offered a salary of one thousand a week base with bonus. I would have use of a car and credit card to take Marie to doctor's visits and to museums and children's play areas assuring not only her physical health but the development of her social skills as well.

The first few weeks on a new assignment are difficult ones as the parents and the child learn to accept and live with the Nanny. It's difficult for me too, as I need to learn the goals and aspirations the parents have as well as develop a bond with the child. By the end of the first month Marie and I were bonded and the parents relaxed when they saw how well I cared for Marie. Of course they had their hidden cams and I made sure that Marie and I spent most of our time on camera to further assure John and Liz. As I've said, to me it doesn't matter, in fact I love the cams because they protect me from unfounded problems. Most nights Marie spent time with Jon and Liz and I either went to class of studied my texts for future classes.

For the first six months I let it all ride, investing myself in the confidences of John and Liz to the point where I am sure the felt us all one happy family. Then I started to put my secondary finance program in place. I started to wear clothing that was a bit more flattering to my figure, my hair a little more brushed and sexy. I began to wear skimpy outfits to bed so that when I'd go to Marie's room at night if she woke up crying I'd be traipsing about in clothing that allowed a view of what would ordinarily be hidden. While still respectable, nothing from Frederick's or Victoria's, never the less my body was more and more revealed to both John and Liz.

I could see Liz staring at me while I held little Marie who had a need for a dry diaper and some love and comfort. That night I'd worn an old t-shirt and little else to bed. I pretended that I was unaware of Liz watching from the door way and hoisted Marie up on my hip, a typical thing one does with little ones, however the move pulled my t-shirt up exposing my naked ass to Liz. I carried Marie to the changing table, cooing in her ear and kissing he softly and her crying stopped. I laid her on the changing table and bent over to remove her soiled diaper. I had intentionally trapped my t-shirt against the table preventing it from slipping back down so when I bent over to clean up Marie Liz had a full view of my ass and most likely she could also see the dark pink of my pussy.

I chatted merrily with Marie as I wiped her clean then snapped on a fresh diaper. When she was clean and dry I scooped her up in my arm, again accidentally trapping my t-shirt and sat in the rocking chair and soothed Marie, working to get her back to sleep. Sitting in the chair I let my legs part just a bit, nothing dramatic but enough for Liz to see more of my pussy. I gently rocked Marie back to sleep and stayed a little longer in the chair as I could still feel Liz' eyes on me and I wanted to lure her in. I happened to glance up and 'see' Liz and I smiled at her as I stood to put Marie back in her crib.

I could see that Liz was still thinking of my pussy as she watched me put her daughter back to bed. I stood over the crib stroking Marie to assure she was asleep then turned to see Liz directly behind me. I smiled and whispered to her.

"Marie is such a doll, she goes back to sleep so easily. If I'd known you were here I'd have let you rock her back to sleep, its such a pleasure for me and I know you like it too."

Liz seemed to be in a fog but she shook her head as if to clear it and then in a low whisper and stuttered words she said.

"You looked so beautiful in that chair, such a perfect picture of a mother and child, I felt jealous of you. I'm sorry I don't mean to complain, I appreciate so much how well you take care of Marie, it's just the guilt I carry for not being the one, you know."

This was the moment I needed so I reached out and hugged Liz, taking her full into my arms and pulling her tight. I know I could feel her full firm breasts pressing into mine and assumed she felt the same thing. I know she had spent a good deal of time staring at my pussy so when I whispered in her ear. "You're a great mother and Marie knows it. I'm just a technician who does the simple stuff, you give her the love she needs to grow."

I was rubbing my hands on her back as I spoke to her and I could feel her chest rising and falling in ever increasing speed and depth as I allowed my body to sway against hers as I held her. Liz was holding me just as tight and whispered.

"Sometimes I wished I had a Nanny to sooth me like you so easily soothed Marie tonight."

Then she sighed and rested her head on my shoulder. I whispered to her.

"Come let me rock you Liz."

She came easily and I sat and took her on my lap, holding her close and slowly rocked the chair. I could feel her relaxing with each movement of the chair and I let my hand roam and comfort her body. When Liz began to nuzzle her head into my neck I knew she was enjoying what I was doing so I went bold, using my knowledge of her and how she was reacting and I whispered to her.

"I think maybe I need to check your panties Liz, has my girl wet herself?"

I felt her stiffen in my lap as she let my words sink in and then very slowly I felt her head nod on my shoulder, then a very soft.

"Yes I think so, are you going to change me?" 

I whispered back.

"Let me check first and then if I need to we will go to my room and take care of you."

She nodded and I slid my hand up under her nightgown and went directly to her crotch. I touched her just where her pussy would open and felt how damp her panties were. Liz had groaned at my touch and so I lingered there, feeling all about, assessing how wet she was then said

"Well it looks like my girl has wet herself. Now come with Nanny and will take care of you."

She stood with her head hanging down, just like a child who'd been yelled at and sullenly followed me to my bedroom. 

"I think your nightgown has soiled too, so let's take it off then we can change those panties."

Liz offered no protest as I raised her nightgown up and over her head, in fact she lifted her arms to assist me and for a second I took in the sight of her naked tits. Yes, closer to the 38 inches I'd imagined during the interview and topped with quarter sized areole and long hard nipples. I made he lie on my bed as I removed her panties and tossed them into the hamper and pretended to look for a fresh pair. Then I heard a young childlike voice ask me. "It hurts a little down there Nanny could you rub it for me?"

This was turning into a rewarding and fun night. I sat on the bed and let my hand slide between her partially open legs and found her wet and ready pussy. I slowly moved my hand up and down and then asked her.

"Is this the place where it hurts? Am I rubbing the right place?"

Her words were a bit garbled but basically she said yes but asked me to rub a bit harder. So I let my hands push up and into her pussy, finding and rubbing her clit. I stroked her slowly but firmly and noticed that she had taken her own hand and was rubbing her tits.

"Do your breasts hurt too, do you need Nanny to rub there too?"

I big smile and a rapid nod accompanied her response.

"Yes, please but don't stop between my legs."

So I said.

"Well your breasts look really sore and maybe if I kiss you sore spot between your legs then I can use my hands to help you up there."

She groaned and nodded, unable to speak. Her legs spread without my having to ask, making room for my head to slide between. As my face neared her slit I could see how wet she was and I realized she wanted and needed to be treated like a child, that she wanted me to take control. So I said.

"Tell me exactly where it's sore down here and I will kiss it till you tell me it's ok!"

Liz was quiet for a moment and then she responded just like a child would.

"Its everywhere, please kiss me and make it better."

I smiled to myself knowing that as soon as my lips touched her she'd be mine to do with as I wished and that she'd pay me to keep this from her husband. So just as I lightly kissed her labia, I let my hands come up and cup both of her tits. I heard her stifle a moan and her legs moved even further apart. I kissed her again and again each kiss a little more forcefully then the last and my hands were now squeezing her tits and pulling and twisting her nipples. When my tongue darted from my mouth and into her now open pussy she jerked and her hips rocked up to meet my tongue. She was starting to leak her juices freely now and her nipples were hard and taut in my hands. I lapped at her juices and intermittently fucked her cunt with my tongue. I could feel the beginnings of her orgasm as her body was now moving in odd jerky motions. I applied myself to the task and with my fingers I pulled her nipples hard and rapidly shoved my tongue in and out of her pussy. When I felt her starting to lose control I let my left hand release her tit and slid it down and onto her ass. I worked it under her and into her crack then slid a finger in her asshole and she exploded and came hard. I took her clit in my mouth and sucked it hard and her whole body jerked and spasmed in front of me.

As her orgasm subsided I gently licked her wide-open cunt and let my finger slide from her ass. Then I pulled myself up and laid next to her wrapping my arms about her as a mother would her child. She folded into me and whimpered as I patted her back.

"Now Lizzy, you will need to obey your Nanny."

I waited to hear the words I knew would come.

"Yes, Nanny, I'll obey you and be a good girl for you."

I hugged her and then said.

"Of course your parents will have to know that a Nanny for two children costs more, do you think they can afford for me to be your Nanny, Lizzy?"

There was no hesitation this time

"Oh yes Nanny, mommy and daddy have lots of money. I'm sure they will pay you twice as much as they have been, but let me talk to mommy first."

"I'll leave it to you Lizzy, now Nanny needs to sleep and be ready to take care of Marie. You go off to your own room and we can play again tomorrow, OK?"

"Yes Nanny."

Liz walked from my room and I smiled. One target down and one more target left to go. I wondered what role I'd play with John. Over the next several nights, each time I went to the baby's room to change and feed her, Liz showed up and for the most part we repeated the same episode, she'd let me rock her, then I'd discover her to have wet her panties and then we'd go to my room where under the initial pretense I orally please her. After a week of this I let the Nanny take control, I knew that 'Lizzie' was ready. When she next met me in the middle of the night I took her straight to my room. She followed me just as if she were a kid obeying her parent. When we reached my room I said to her/

"Lizzie, you do not seem to be getting any better at controlling yourself, this is the fifth or sixth time you've come to me with wet panties in the middle of the night. I think we need to start some sort of discipline here, or you'll never learn to control yourself. Now Lizzie, I want you to remove your nightie and panties for Nanny."

A look of shock mixed with delight covered Liz's face as she easily stripped and stood naked for me. I debated how to initiate what I wanted then decided that she's been so docile that I could be very direct, so I sat on the edge of the bed and motioned fro her to lay across my lap. She moved slowly, seemingly unsure of what was to come, but she fixed herself perfectly, with her ass humped up over my lap. Before I would spank her I wanted to tell her what was coming.

"Lizzie, Nanny is going to spank you. I want this to be a lessen to you to come to me before you wet yourself. I am tired of having to wash all those panties. It's just you being laze young lady. Now I am going to give you a spanking, I think ten spanks will serve you tonight."

Then I spanked her the exact number of times I'd promised and by the tenth she was squirming and pleading with me. Promising me she'd be a good girl that she'd do anything to make up for her laziness. I gave her one for good measure and I felt her body convulse as a minor orgasm ran through her. Then I said.

"Now you've made my pussy sore Lizzie, just like your pussy is always so sore. I need you to kiss it and make it better for me, Lizzie."

I pulled my own t-shirt up and over my head, showing Liz my own tits for the first time. I watched as she stared up at them, still laying placidly across my lap, her red ass almost glowing, her legs parted and her own pussy glistening. Then I had her get off and told her to get on her knees between my legs.

"Now see how red and swollen Nanny's pussy is? I need you to kiss it and make if feel good. If you do it well, I will take care of you too, Lizzie"

Liz was a slow started but she eventually got into it and soon her tongue was lashing at my cunt, fucking my hole and lapping at my clit. I held back my orgasm to make her work harder and she did not disappoint me. When I finally came, filling her mouth with my cunt juice she swallowed and lapped more up. I grabbed her should and pulled her up and together we laid back on my bed. After a few minutes I moved down to her wet and ready cunt and used my own tongue on her, bringing her to orgasm twice before I stopped. Before I sent her back to her own room I said to her.

"Now, Lizzie I don't mind helping you at night but you are old enough to start helping Nanny a bit. So I want you to remember tonight and when you come back again, the next time you fell sore down there you will have to earn Nanny's help, and you will have to kiss Nanny down there too. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Nanny I understand and I will kiss you. Thank you Nanny, I hope I'm a good girl and you don't have to spank me again."

I saw her grin and knew she'd start making trouble so I would spank her again. That was OK she was mine, and paying me for it. She wasn't a bad at sucking my pussy either, which told me she was more experienced then I thought. I slept well that night and in the morning learned that Liz had an out of town trip and I was expected to be here to cover. Fortunately, I could take my classes on line if this happened and it was no big problem. I just wondered where John would be.

Liz would be gone for four nights and on the first night I managed alone, even in the middle of the night when the baby's needs came, I was alone. I was missing the company of Lizzie but I had fingers and managed to survive.

The second night Marie had a couple of issues and I had to go to her more then once. I don't know if she sensed her mom was gone or it she had a bad dream, but it took more time to quiet her. I was still wearing only the t-shirt and I had not noticed that Marie's crying had woken him. While I had not intended to display myself, heck I didn't even know he was there, my t-shirt was way up over my belly as I did everything I could to make little Marie calm down and go back to sleep. As she began to settle I took her to the rocking chair and cooed in her ears, singing a soft lullaby I often used with her. The familiarity of the tune, and her own fatigue soon had her soundly sleeping and I put her in her crib. As I turned to go, I finally noticed John and he was stroking his cock in the doorway. I blushed and turned my head and said.

"John, please what are you doing?"

"I'm looking at a beautiful woman and my cold frigid wife is out of town. I don't mean to scare you but your shirt was up and I could not take my eyes off that naked ass of yours and well..."

I continued to avoid looking at him and I crossed my arms defensively over my chest, even though I was turned away. I knew it would make my t-shirt ride up in the back and give him a glimpse of what he's seen more of earlier. I said.

"John, I don't think it's right for you to be so exposed like that."

"Christy, Nanny, turn around and look, please?"

"John, you can't make me do this, what about your wife?"

"She's not here and I'm not going to tell her, besides she's been quite cool to me since our accident as she calls it. Please look at me?"

I turned my head and purposely did not look down at his cock, though from the corner of my eye I could see it was hard and not bad looking.

"What do you want from me? I'm just here to take care of your baby, John, you can't expect me to take care of you too!"

Planting seeds in his head, I could see his eyes were still stuck on what he could see of my ass and so I pretended to be uncomfortable and spread my feet a bit, opening up the crack of my ass ever so slightly. He sighed as he watched my move and took a step towards me.

"John, please! Please don't do this to Liz, think about what you are doing. I'm not some bimbo in a bar!"

"No, Christy, you're not. You're a beautiful woman and you're so full of love. You take care of Marie as if she were your own child. I feel a bit embarrassed here, but I am so turned on right now. I need someone to take care of me, too."
