 Note: Hello readers! I know its been a minute since I submitted the first part of the story. What can I say? Its been very busy. I appreciate all the feedback from Chapter 1 and I finally gathered up the courage to write Chapter 2. I am going down the path of an erotic story as oppose to just focusing of the "action scenes" alone, but don't worry, there will be plenty of that too. As I said before, feedback is welcome. Just don't be a jerk about it. I promise I will try to write better this time. Actually using word should help. Anyways, I hope you enjoy, and I look forward to getting some feedback!

*****

Chapter 2: Settling In

Last night, I had the most erotic and romantic night of my life under what I would've thought would be impossible circumstances. Rachel, the young nanny I had hired to take care of my kids had come on to me and we ended up having a passionate night together. When we woke this morning, we talked and decided to follow our hearts. We are in love. She has had this realization for longer than I have apparently but why fight what feels so right? It's the best I've felt since my wife was around almost 3 years ago.

After telling me her parents are house hunting in Texas, and that she chose to stay here in Boston for college, we decided she mind as well just move in with me. She actually just left to go start packing up and bringing stuff over to the house. Anticipating a busy weekend, I arranged to have my kids stay with my brother and his family. Sam came and got the kids with his wife and their 2 boys and told me they wanted to take the kids to their cabin for the next week or so if that was ok. I agreed, and off they went. I had a moment to myself and was sitting quietly thinking of how all of this would work out when my phone rang. It was Jessica. I answered "Hey! The kids just got picked up, my brother is taking them for the next week or so, so I can come help if you need me to!"

She responded "That's awesome! I could use a hand but there is something I have to tell you first. My parents are on their way home. They already found a house. I kind of told them about you and they want to meet you. Don't stress about it ok. Just head over here and we will talk about it ok. See you soon ok"

That was not what I was expecting. I did as she asked and dropped it for now, but how could I not worry about it? I got dressed quickly and headed to her parents house. Rachel let me and lead me upstairs to her room. She already had most of her clothes in boxes. We sat there packing various things and she kept looking at me frowning. I asked her what was wrong. "I told you not to worry about it, you need to relax ok. How about I help you out with that?" she said, her face relaxing.

She took me by the hand and lead me to the bed. She sat me on her bed and got down on her knees in front of me. She ran her hands up my thighs towards my waist. Despite my best efforts, my cock was already growing. She pushed me back into a laying position and brought her face to my crotch. She unbuttoned my jeans and pulled the zipper down with her teeth. Any resistance I had melted away. Her sexy ice blue eyes stared into mine as she freed my cock from my boxers. She wrapped a hand around it and started stroking me gently. "Just trust me, everything will be ok, I promise." She said with a grin.

With that, she lowered her mouth onto my rigid cock. After taking in almost my entire rod she closed her sweet young lips around my cock and began to suck me nice and slow. As she came up to the head she started to work her tongue around the head, swirling her tongue like she was tasting a lollipop. I laid my head back in ecstasy. Then I felt her wrap her lips back around my cock and resume sucking hard. She used one hand to massage my balls while the other hand worked my cock as she sucked. Every once in a while she would stop and take my cock out of her mouth. She would run her tongue along the entire length of my dick before taking my cock back into her wet warm mouth. I held out as long as I could which wasn't long. Her eager young mouth worked my shaft with purpose. My hand once again instinctively went to the back of her head. She took this a cue to deep throat me. That did it. The sloppy wet action of her deep throating my cock, lathering my dick with her saliva pushed me over the edge. I tensed up and blew my load into her mouth. Rope and rope of thick cum shot out into her throat. With each pulse of my cock she would swallow another load of my cum. She didn't waste a single drop. Swallowing it all. After cleaning me up she got up wiping her chin and lips off, cleaning up the excess spit. I had to admit, I was thoroughly relaxed. She smiled at me and said "Its not going to be as bad as you think."

I was curious how she was so confident in that statement. "Rachel, have you told them how old I am?" I asked pointedly.

"Yes, of course." She said matter-of-factly as she continued packing.

"You told them, and they are ok with it?" I questioned.

"They are understanding." She said plainly.

"What does that mean?" I asked beyond curious now.

"Well, my mom is 36..." she started "and my Dad is 58."

I sat there doing the math in my head. Her Dad was 40 when he got with her 18 year old mother. Everything made sense to me now. That must have been why she was so ok with everything working out this way. I sudden felt better about the situation. Not relaxed but better. "So, when do they get back from Texas?" I asked.

"Tonight. They asked us to join them for breakfast so they can meet you." She responded.

Well, at least I had some time. We continued packing. It didn't take too long. Would've went even quicker if I didn't stop for a 'break' in the middle. She was just labeling some boxes, her long blonde hair pulled back in a low ponytail. Her tight tank top clinging to her body and her short volleyball shorts leaving nothing to the imagination. She looked at me and gave me a breathtaking smile. I had to take her right then. I came up behind her and ran my hands up her shirt until my hands cupped her perky tits. Still no bra getting in my way. She let me know my advances were welcome by rubbing her tight little ass against my hardening cock. With that I slid her shirt over her head. I ran my hands back over her young firm tits, pinching her nipples as she continued grinding against my hard on. I slid one hand under her volleyball shorts. My fingers slid over her bald pussy. She moaned as I grazed her clit. I let my fingers dive into her pussy. I hooked my pointer finger into her young twat. I found the spot that drover her wild and kept probing at it. At the same time I ran my thumb over her clit. She started moaning louder. "Fuck me Dean! I want your cock inside of me!" Rachel moaned.

I pulled my hand from her pussy and pulled down her skin tight shorts. As soon as they hit the floor I pushed her forward over her bed. I pulled my cock out and lined it up with her now wet pussy. I ran the head of my cock up and down her wet slit. I pushed forward and eased my shaft slowly into her tight hole. Her young pussy wrapped my cock tightly as I slowly slid my entire length inside of her. She was so tight and so wet, it was pure ecstasy. I enjoyed the sensation of slowly sliding my rod in and out of her pussy over and over again. Judging by her moans of pleasure I assumed she was loving it as much as I was. I gripped her hips and pushed a little harder with each thrust. Rachel moaned a little louder with each thrust. I kept picking up my pace until my steady rhythm turned into a relentless pounding of her pussy. She was beyond moaning now. "Oh God! Fuck me harder Dean! Fuck my pussy! Fuck my cunt as hard as you can babe! Fuck my tight little cunt!" She screamed in pleasure.

I was more than happy to fulfill her demands. I couldn't keep the pace up long however. He dirty talking and the feeling of her tight pussy milking my cock as I pounded her resulted in the familiar churning in my balls. "I'm going to cum darling" I announced with a winded voice.

Her response sent me over the edge quickly. "Do it Dean. Fill my pussy with your cum. I want it so bad. I want you to fill my tight little cunt with your cum Dean. Cum in my pussy babe!" she screamed between shallow breaths before succumbing to her own orgasm.

I felt myself unload inside of her as her pussy wrapped even tighter around my shaft. My cock pulsed as I fell thick jets of cum erupt from my cock. With every spasm of my dick, a shiver shot up her spine. My knees got weak towards the end. I pulled my now deflating cock from her pussy. I laid down on the bed next to her as she recovered, still bent over. After we caught our breath she laughed a little as she crawled up and gave me a passionate kiss. "Well, that was very nice of you, but we have a lot to get done sweetie." She said with a smile.

She picked up her volleyball shorts and proceeded to the bathroom to freshen up. In the meantime I situated myself and proceeded to start packing my truck. It would only take one trip in my pick up as she wasn't bringing any furniture. I even started humming as I was packing. I felt better than I had in years. Like a teenager again in fact. It was amazing. I was still slightly worried about meeting her parents. I hadn't done anything like that since college, but I still felt good about everything. The whole process of packing, even with my little distraction only took about 3 ½ hours. When we got back to my house we quickly unloaded the boxes. As she started putting her clothes away in the walk-in closet, I made my way to the garage to clear out on of the four spots for her car. It all was moving so fast, but so smooth it was hard to argue.

By the end of the afternoon she had most of her things hung or put away in the closet and even organized the double vanity in the bathroom into a his and hers side. Everything was just falling into place. How could I argue with what seemed like fate. Since we were both wiped out from a pretty tiring, albeit quick afternoon, we decided it was time to relax. She sat on the couch and turned on the tv and I decided to take a shower. Halfway through my shower I heard the door open. Rachel came in asking "Do you mind if I join you?"

Before I could respond I heard the door of the shower open. She stepped in as I looked over to her. I smiled at her beauty yet again. Her long tan legs seemed to go on for days. Her sexy hips accented by her tight bald pussy. Her stomach that was toned, yet soft where it should be. Her beautiful perky tits. Her tan arms and her slender shoulders. Her long flowing blonde hair. Her soft lips which framed a perfect smile. Her eyes, out of all the beauty this young goddess possessed it was her eyes that held me the most. They were ice blue, and they were deep. I could get lost in those brilliant blue eyes for days. I took this all in as she came toward me in the shower. I simply smiled at her. She smiled back, biting her lip slightly. I stepped towards her, wrapping my arms around her waist. I kissed her passionately. Her mouth parted and our tongues were dancing together with passion and excitement. My hands explored her young body freely. Running along her back, her waist, her hips, and finally to her tight ass. I took one ass cheek in each hand and lifted her up to me. She wrapped her legs around my waist as I pressed her against the shower wall. The water cascaded down our bodies as we kissed feverishly. I felt her hands running along my back up, my shoulders, my neck and finally through my hair. We broke the kiss to catch our breath. My neck immediately went to her neck and I used my tongue to caress sensitive skin. I found the spot on her neck that drove her wild and she grabbed the back of my head tightly to hold me there. "I want you so bad Dean" she whispered in my ear followed my a sensual moan.

Without even thinking about with I reached down and lifter her just a little bit by her ass again. She followed the direction I was going and adjusted her self slightly. My cock, which was yet again hard as a steel rod, knew where to go without any direction from me. It just came so natural. I lowered her onto my rigid cock slowly. Yet again feeling every inch of me sliding into her was pure heaven. My cocked filled her young pussy yet again but it seemed to go even deeper this time. A sharp moan escaped her lips. I pulled my head back and looked at her. She looked back at me. Our eyes locked and we could see the passion that burned there. We kissed again, softly this time. I began slowly pumping my cock into her pussy. Her eyes rolled back in pleasure as I slowly lifter and lowered her on my rigid shaft. We kept that pace for some amount of time I couldn't even guess. We were lost in the moment. I felt my legs growing tired but I knew I wasn't ready for this to be over. Still inside of her I lifted her from the wall I had leaned her against and sat down on the stone seat in the shower. The cold from the stone seat was a welcome change to the warm water. We transitioned perfectly from me lifting and lowering her onto my cock to her riding me perfectly. She never missed a beat and kept the same steady pace as she impaled herself sensually on my dick. She looked down at my kissed me again in between moans and said "Oh god I love you Dean!"

With that she quietly went into a passionate orgasm right then. The moment engulfed us both. Without warning I felt my self quickly and suddenly start to cum. Each time she slid down my shaft another jet of cum shot into her hungry pussy. She tightened her thighs around me and pulled my head into her chest and held me there. I gently kissed her nipples while I was there. Running my tongue around each nipple before taking it in my mouth. Slowly, as the heat of our passionate love making and fiery orgasms faded away. We simply looked at each other. She smiled and I smiled back. "I love you Dean" she said in the most sincere and happy way.

"I love you too Rachel." I responded. I meant it too. I knew how fast everything was moving but I also knew beyond any shadow of a doubt that this was meant to be. Everything logical said too fast, too quick, too young, too much. Which would normally be enough to stop me, but my heart screamed that it was right. The only other time that happened was with my wife. So, I decided to go with it. After sitting for a short time on the seat in the shower we finally convinced ourselves to separate from one another. We stayed close to each other. Washed each other, continued with our little kisses and smiles. We dried off and just relaxed. Being early evening but not yet dinner time, we decided to take a dip in the pool in my back yard. 

We changed into our swimming suits and headed outside. On the way Rachel's phone rang. She answered it and I headed outside. She came out about 15 minutes later. "That was my Mom, we were just getting the details breakfast set."

I was sitting on the edge of the pool when I turned and saw her walking towards me. She had on a sexy little bikini. Plain white. It clung tightly to her body in the best ways imaginable. With each step her young tits bounced in the sexiest way possible. I stopped that train of thought to focus on the conversation at hand.

"So, what's the plan?" I asked, focusing now. She proceeded to tell me that breakfast was going to be at 10 the next morning. I asked her where and she told me the name of the restaurant. It was the most expensive golf country clubs in the area outside the city. I immediately looked at Rachel in surprise. With a puzzled look on my face I asked "I don't mean to be rude Rachel, but that house we got your stuff from doesn't exactly seem like you guys fall into THAT tax bracket. That country club is for millionaire executives and what not!" I said with surprise.

Rachel just giggled. "Well, that is just one of the houses my parents own. Mainly only my sisters and I stay there. My mom used to stay with us more as a stay at home Mom but now she travels with Daddy." She explained. 

"What does your Dad do for work?" I asked legitimately curious after realizing I knew nothing about her family.

"He is a entrepreneur and investor. He travels around the world managing his various business interests. His name is Robert by the way. Mom goes with him, her name is Mary." She said laughing.

"Ah ok" I said with understanding, " you said you had sisters?"

"Yeah, my twin sister Bree and my older sister Shelby. She's 28 now, she is from my Dad's first marriage." She explained. 

We relaxed in the pool telling each other about our family lives for a while. She told me it was rough with her Dad travelling so much but how much he tried when he was home. I told her about how hard it was when my wife passed. We talked until the sun started to set. We got out of the pool, rinsed off and made dinner. We fell asleep cuddling on the couch watching movies. At some point in the night we made our way to the bedroom.

We woke the next morning as started getting ready for breakfast. I put on my best suit usually reserved for big company dinners or formal occasions. Not quite a tux, but close. Rachel emerged from the closet looking stunning in a semi-formal looking dress that was pale blue and strapless. It clung to her sexy body in the most perfect way all the way to her hips where it became more flowing and lose down to her knees. I decided we would take my nicer car that I kept parked. It was I only drove for special occasions. My Corvette. We got it and headed to breakfast. I was a little worried the Corvette would be a little too much, like I was trying to hard to impress her parents until I saw the cars in the parking lot. Ferraris, Porsches, Bentleys, Lamborghinis, Mercedes. My car suddenly made me feel "underdressed". I pulled up to the entrance and we got out. The valet took my keys and drove off. I saw a couple waiting near the doors and saw Rachel wave to them. Must be her parents I thought to myself. I put a smile on my face and got ready to meet the parents.

"Mommy! Daddy! I'm glad you're back! I want you to meet my boyfriend, Dean. Dean, these are my parents. This is mother, Mary." Rachel said excitedly.

I reached out and shook Mary's hand politely. It was no secret where Rachel got her looks from. At 36 Mary was stunning. Slightly taller than Rachel but built the same. Slender and toned. Her dress clung to her body tightly, showing off her sexy hips which were wider than Rachel's but still slender. It also showed off a sexy amount of cleavage as her tits were much bigger than Rachel's. I scorned myself for checking her out like that but shit, what man could help himself. "It's a pleasure ma'am, I can see where Rachel got her beauty from!" I said trying to flatter her.

"Rachel was right, you are a charmer. It is a pleasure to meet you as well Dean."

"This is my father, Robert" Rachel said politely.

Robert was a bigger guy, not chubby per say, just thicker. Taller, wider and a little firmer than I expected from an older man. He had a kind face however. A thick greying beard covered his face and his head was bald. His eyes narrowed as he smiled and shook my hand. "It's a pleasure to meet you sir" I started.

"Enough of this sir business, that's for work. You can call me Bob!" he said with a laugh. With that he lead us inside. The restaurant was lavish and spacious. Everything was the highest quality. We were seated in a cozier part of the restaurant, it felt more like a sun room. As we sat Bob said "Corvette eh? I like the your style Dean. I prefer American muscle as well! I drive that beautiful Dodge Viper you saw out there!"

The conversation flowed freely from there. Cars, sports, traveling, education, we just flowed from one subject to the next seamlessly as we ate. As breakfast went on I noticed Rachel and I were in almost constant contact. Holding hands, my arm on her leg, her arm on my shoulder. Whatever the case was. We just constantly found ourselves reaching for one another like magnets. Mary had also known this. "So, Dean, Rachel said you guys have been seeing each other for about 3 months?" Mary inquired.
