 At the end of a quiet winter evening of snuggling and watching Netflix, my wife got up from the couch and made a few paces toward the bathroom, undoubtedly to commence her "getting ready for bed" routine of washing her face and brushing her teeth. I couldn't help but admire the shape of her firm little butt in her tight-fitting knit pajama pants.

"I'd really like to tuck you in tonight," I said abruptly, causing her to pause and turn around.

She knew what tucking in meant, as we had long used that euphemism for any sex activity that didn't occur oganically. In other words, sex that had to be requested.

"Babe, I'm really just not in the mood tonight. I'm sorry."

I became a sad puppy. It had been a few days since our last "tuck" session, and I was really looking forward to spending some time between the sheets with my gorgeous wife.

"Will you be able to survive until tomorrow?" she asked.

"Doubtful."

It was true. I didn't need an hour-long fuck-a-thon, but I absolutely needed an orgasm, and I was imagining all the different ways to get it done all day. My balls ached.

"I might be able to do a quick handjob," she offered reluctantly.

"A blowjob would probably be the quickest," I countered.

"Not gonna happen."

Sigh. I respected wife and obviously would never try to coerce her into anything she clearly didn't want to do, but I was really horny that night and didn't want to settle for a vanilla handjob. I was hoping she would be a little more understanding about my needs that night.

"Okay, what about a handjob but I come in your mouth?"

"Not today, but you can do it on my tits."

"Face."

"No!"

I was not surprised by this response. Facials were rarely on the menu, but it was worth a shot. Swing for the fences.

"Fine," I said after a pause. "How about you give me a blowjob but I pull out and come on your tits?"

"Okay we can do that."

"But you are on your knees and I'm standing up."

"I don't think so."

"Fine, we can do it wherever you want."

"On the bed."

"Okay but I really want to come in your mouth."

"I already said no!"

"What about if I do all the work? I'll jerk off, and you just lie there with your mouth open for me."

She considered it for a few seconds before replying, "I'm not swallowing. And you're driving me to work tomorrow."

"Deal!" I said, grabbing her hand and pulling her toward the bedroom, already starting to pitch a tent in my joggers.

My wife pulled her thermal pajama shirt over her head, graciously allowing me access to her small but perky tits, then plopped herself down on the bed. I stripped my pants and underwear off and got on top of her.

"Somebody is excited," my wife said, eyeing my bazooka, now fully locked and loaded.

I started rubbing my dick around on the silky skin of her chest, leaving a faint trail of precum behind. 

"You're going to make this quick right?" she pleaded.

My wife was a stunner with an absolutely gorgeous face. Youthful in her 30s, she could have passed for 19. Makeup-free and still a knockout, she had all the features you would ever want in a woman, all perfectly framed by her wavy black hair. Stroking my dick with that pretty face underneath me, with her smiling eyes and open mouth, tongue slightly protruding, I knew it wouldn't take long for me to spill out a load for her.

"You are so fucking sexy," I said. "I just want to decorate your face."

"I thought you wanted to come in my mouth."

"Babe I want to come everywhere on you."

It was true. People like to do things for a lot of reasons, but I like to come on my wife not because I think it's degrading, nor do I consider it "marking my territory" or anything like that. I just think it is the pinnacle of pleasure and the ultimate visual stimulation, to decorate all of these features I find desirable on her. It is a tribute to her beauty, and when she wears it proudly it is symbolic of her acceptance of and devotion to me.

"Just not in my hair please. Or my eyes."

"Really?"

"Hurry up before I change my mind."

I wanted to savor the moment, as I'm not given license to blast north of her neck very often. But the excitement got to me, and I knew that orgasm was imminent.

"Tell me what you want."

"I want you to come all over my face, or mouth, or tits, or elbows, or whatever you want as long as you come right fucking now."

On cue, I pumped the contents of my dick out onto my wife's face, from her upper lip circling around her mouth to her right cheek, chin, and then left cheek before sliding into her mouth and dumping the rest of my seed inside her warm mouth. She sucked me for a few moments until she knew I was finished, then started to get up, presumably to spit into the bathroom sink as she usually does with a hot mouthful of cum on most days that aren't my birthday.

"Wait," I protested. "Just spit it out on your chin."

With a furrowed brow, she gave me a look then drooled out an impossible amount of thick white spit that cascaded down her chin and onto her chest and stomach. My beautiful amazing wife sat there looking at me with my cum all over her face and body. She looked terrific, though not altogether happy.

"Sorry babe," I said. "You just look so fucking sexy right now, I wanted to enjoy it a little longer. 

I leaned in and gave her a kiss, not at all concerned that I'd get a little bit on my own face. If she can wear it, so can I.

"So for doing that, you're also going to make breakfast tomorrow, right?"

She smiled up at me, a breathtaking sight with my glistening cum still surrounding and frosting her lips.

"Any time."

I went and got two towels, one slightly damp with warm water and the other dry. I handed her the dry one, and used the wet to clean off her face and body. She was so beautiful, and I was so lucky. I wanted her to feel appreciated.

"Sorry if you feel used in any way," I said sincerely. "But I think I really needed to do that today."

"It's fine," she replied. "Once I saw how turned on you were, and how happy you were, I actually got really into it too."

"I'm glad to hear that."

"But next time you want to come on my face, just make sure I come first."

"No problem."

"And I'll have a spinach omelet tomorrow. With a side of bacon. No later than 8:00."

"Done."