 Disclaimer: These stories are a work of fiction and are not written as an endorsement of any type of behavior (sexual or otherwise). Any resemblance to living or dead is purely coincidental. These stories contain graphic descriptions of sexual variations. If you find any of the subject matter offensive, do NOT read them. You must be over 18 years old.

Author: Your comments and suggestions are always welcome. If you would like to contact me, go through the link below.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

I remember one of the closest I came to being caught at a sexual activity was when my girlfriend & I decided to have oral sex in her house, at a time when her mother was in the other room. They had 3 bedrooms going around a small living room on the 1st floor of the house. It was a pretty big house. Her room, and her parents room was adjoining. 

She wore a nice yellow skirt, which went up to slightly above her knees, and a white top as I recall. During the afternoon we sat down to watch TV in her room, and her mother would usually rest and sometimes fall asleep in her room. 

As we sat watching TV, I put my hand on her legs and began to slightly caress her legs, slowly & gently caressing my hands up to under her skirt where I could caress her thighs. She bent towards me and we shared a passionate kiss for many moments. I was obviously aroused & wanting more at the time. I told her to go see what her mother was doing, and she returned back very softly, and told me she's asleep. 

She sat down beside me, on her bed, he back resting on the headboard and her legs stretched out in front. I took my hand very gently inside her skirt again and caressed it all the way up till I could touch the softness of her underwear covering her pussy. She kept her eyes on the living room outside, which could see through the open door of her room, for the slightest movement of a shadow she might see, or the faintest of sounds she might her, to make sure her mother wasn't coming. 

During the entire time, she kept her eyes fixed at the living room outside, never moving them aside. I rubbed her underwear just above where her arousing pussy lay; rubbed until I could feel the underwear getting slightly wet from the flowing juices she began to give out. I gently slid downwards and brought her right leg across over me to my back so I would be placed between her legs... and laid myself on my stomach, resting on my two elbows as I held her two thighs apart with my hands. Her skirt still rested on her thighs, I didn't want to remove it... it excited me to go under & inside her skirt to reach for her. I also didn't remove her underwear; I just slid it all the way down from the front, exposing her warm and wet pussy. Very slow I kissed her pussy, just as I would kiss her lips, and played with her pussy lips by brushing my lips against them. I took the tip of my tongue out and very softly, licked the crack of her pussy all the way from the bottom to the top, slowly & slowly, again and again, letting her pour her juices out in sexual passion & lust. 

At every moment she kept her eyes on the living room, trying to keep her senses alert for any sound or movement, even though her body was submitting to sex & lust. I feared for us being caught, yet I left the guard completely on her shoulders, and submerged myself in pleasure. I took my tongue deep inside her, parting her pussy lips using the two thumbs on my two hands, while still gripping her groin with my other fingers. And then I started my vigorous sucking... taking every single drop of her juice inside, sucking & swallowing, going back & forth on her pussy... eating it out like I was feasting on it... and she started to move to my rhythm... she began moving her groin to the motions of my mouth.... And kept giving me more, and more, to suck & to swallow. 

As she kept her eyes on the living room, she exploded into orgasm after orgasms, merely crunching her teeth to keep her screams to herself, and at times digging her finger nails inside my chest & arms, to control her convulsions while her body kept erupting in orgasms as I sucked every orgasm down to the last drop, swallowing all of everything she gave me. She finally held my arm, asking me to stop... and at that point I stopped. I lay there with my mouth covering her pussy, just feeling the warmth from her body, feeling the wetness, just feeling the sex that engulfed her. I slowly moved back and headed for the bathroom to wash my mouth while she sat there finally closing her eyes for a few minutes to relax. 

When I came out of the bathroom, I gently strolled outside to the living just to check, and found her mouth was very wide awake, watching TV, unlike what we thought. When I came back to my girlfriend and told her, she sat in disbelief. Our hearts raced for a moment, but it was all done & over with and we knew we had pulled off a really dangerous one.