 Through most of my 20s I lived in the same apartment building. It wasn't the most luxurious place but the rent was cheap and people minded their own business so that was enough for me to stay. I lived on the top floor and although the stairs were a bit of a workout I got used to them over time, plus there was only one other apartment on the top floor so it was a bit more private which I also preferred.

Laura had lived across the hall for about a year. She was a few years older than me and on the occasional instance where we met in the hallway she was always courteous. We were both quiet types so no more than friendly greetings were ever exchanged between us. For a while she had a boyfriend that would stop by a lot but for the last few of months he hadn't been around and after the couple blowups I heard through the thin walls it seemed like he probably wouldn't be by anytime soon.

It was a sunny yet crisp afternoon in April as spring had certainly arrived but hadn't gotten comfortable yet. I arrived home from running a few errands and as I was ascending the stairs I came across Laura on the third floor as she was carrying a rather large and awkward sized box so I called out that I'd help her make it the rest of the way. She sighed with relief and thankfully accepted my offer. Together we made it up the last few stairs and put the box down in front of her door so she could unlock and open it.

"Thank you so much it's not even so much that it's heavy it's just so awkward ya know," Laura said as she turned the key and pushed her door open.

"Not a problem at all," I politely responded as I breathed for a second and got ready to help her bring the box inside.

We finished the task and as I leaned back up from helping place the box on the small living room floor she again thanked me and I again told her it wasn't a problem at all. As I turned to leave she continued to speak.

"That was pretty good timing on your part cuz I was starting to get frustrated with this thing," Laura confessed as I turned back toward her. "It's not as easy to move stuff like that with just one person."

"Yeah that's definitely a 2 person job. Glad I could be of assistance," I again politely responded and once again went to turn around to leave but again she interrupted my exit.

"I'm sure you've noticed Mike hasn't been around recently. You probably heard us fighting too," she said with an embarrassed look. "I'm sorry if we were loud."

I assured her that it I wasn't bothered by the arguments and confirmed that yes I had noticed he wasn't coming by anymore but hadn't given it much thought.

"You know why he left me?" Laura rhetorical asked. "He said I was getting too fat for him. I mean what kind of asshole thing is that to say? I mean yeah so I put on a little weight while we were together but really that's why you're gonna leave me?"

"Yeah that's kind of a dick thing to say," I somewhat mumbled as a response, not knowing what else to say.

"Although you've probably noticed I've put on even more weight since he left but whatever," Laura admitted.

I didn't know how to respond so I stood there, a couple feet from the door in the her living room, probably awkwardly quiet, and I'm guessing she could tell I was at a loss for words as she kept going but didn't much help with her next statement.

"It's ok you can be honest, I've put on a lot of weight in the last few months," Laura proclaimed with a sigh.

I was stuck. I had definitely noticed she'd gotten bigger in recent months but as someone who likes a larger framed woman I actually thought she'd gotten sexier as of recent. Not that she wasn't fairly attractive before but her arms had developed some flab and they jiggled when she moved them and her belly had gone from peeking over her pants to straight up flopping down over them, something I had noticed especially during the moving of the box.

I decided to do what I could to make her feel better. "I think Mike doesn't know what he's missing out on. I think you look even better now so it's his loss."

"Really?" Laura inquired. "You think I look better with this gut?" she asked as she grabbed at her belly roll and jiggled it once.

I stumbled a bit to respond. "I mean yeah there's just more to enjoy right?" I managed to get out as she gave me a slightly puzzled yet intrigued look.

"You into fat girls?" she asked me and at this point figuring I was already in over my head I decided to just be honest.

"Yeah I guess I've always been more attracted to bigger women".

"Oh yeah?" Laura retorted. "Prove it".

Laura's face instantly became bright red and she looked away as if she couldn't believe the words that had just come out of her mouth. I'd never known her to be that direct and it seemed like she didn't even know where that came from. I wondered if perhaps it was that she hadn't gotten any in months as even when her and Mike were still together it seemed like all they did was fight from what I could hear.

I too was a little taken aback as Laura had always been such a quiet person and I figured that there might be a few different elements that factored into her exclamation but here we were, both standing in her living room, me with one foot practically out the open door and her with a bright red face trying to figure out what to say next as she knew she had just turned an awkward situation even moreso by her statement.

"Um....should I close the door?" was the best I could come up with as I certainly didn't want to assume anything and also didn't want to seem creepy by just closing off her only exit while standing in front of it so I figured this way she still had an out.

"You got stuff you need to do?" Laura asked, still trying to process what she had said while also trying to stall out her time to determine how much she wanted to pursue the lust she was feeling.

"I mean naw not really...uh no I'm not doing anything" I didn't want to make it seem obvious that I was aroused by her comment but I also didn't want to miss the opportunity for an afternoon delight with a woman I'd definitely taken a few extra looks at over the last couple months.

After a few seconds which seemed like forever as I imagined she might have been thinking to herself, "screw it. He's always been courteous and damn if I don't need some wicked bad. It feels like it's been forever" she finally responded.

"Yeah, close the door." 

I obliged and as I turned back toward her she started to walk toward me. When she got right in front of me we both moved forward and started making out. My hands naturally grabbed her sides and I felt her love handles and also as a natural reaction from someone who loves BBWs I squeezed. She jumped back.

"Sorry, I just...I'm just not used to someone actually going for this fat," she exclaimed with a hint of confusion.

"Naw I'm sorry," I responded. "Your whole point was that your man left you because of your weight and I'm just bringing attention to it by grabbing you like that."

"Right but that's what you like right?" Laura quizzically asked as she looked for confirmation from me.

"Yeah definitely but I also want you to feel comfortable," I responded.

"Well it's definitely a different experience for me but to be perfectly blunt it's been a while and I'm pretty horny so let's have some fun," she confidently stated. 

"Follow me," Laura teased. "We'll have more fun in my bedroom"...

 As I followed her through the living room and kitchen to her bedroom I could feel my dick pressing against my jeans while I stared at her still flat but now wider ass. She had on blue jeans and a long sleeve t-shirt that was hugging the backfat she had developed as she had rolls underneath her bra line and on her sides.

She must have warmed up good by the time we got to her bedroom because as she turned around she lifted her shirt up over her head and exposed a solid white bra that was doing its best to hold in her pudging soft breasts. As she tossed her shirt to the side and let her arms fall her belly, which had come up even more out of her jeans when she took her shirt off, oozed out over and jiggled as her arms hit her legs.

"Well don't just stand there come over here," Laura insisted.

My dick got even harder as I walked toward her, staring at her huge melons being held snug by her functional white bra and looking at the fat rolls overtaking all around the top of her jeans. When I got close she sat down on her bed, her fat only pushing out more as she now had a full flat tire hanging over her jeans while her boobs rested right on top of it.

"Let's get that cock out so it can breathe," she said as she reached forward and unzipped my pants.

As my pants fell to the ground Laura grabbed my boxers and lifted them up, over and down, exposing my rock-hard dick. She proceeded to grab it with her right hand and place her mouth right onto it, giving it a big slurp before leaning back and pushing forward her chest. She smacked my dick against her cleavage.

"You like my big tits?" Laura asked with a seductive look. "Maybe if you're lucky I'll let you get lost in them."

I didn't even know what she meant by that but I was excited. I kneeled down and reached out, grabbing her fat belly so I got a great grip on the roll and I tugged and jiggled it.

"Only if I can get lost in here too," I said.

I don't think she knew what I meant either but she said, "Sure thing as long as you get that tongue lost a bit lower," she responded as she reached up under her fat belly roll and popped open her jeans.

The rest of her belly flopped out as it was finally able to breathe and I immediately grabbed the flabby stomach that Laura had spent the last few months creating. The saggy, stretch-marked belly was absolutely mesmerizing as I dug my face into it and shook my head repeatedly.

"Wow you really got a thing for bellies huh?" Laura asked as I removed my face from her glorious gut.

"I sure do," I excitedly responded as she pulled down her pants while I moved back and pulled my boxers back up and got ready to plunge deep in between her legs.

As she got her pants off she laid back and I leaned foward and spread her legs open. I rubbed up and down them before reaching in with my right hand and pulling her green panties to the side exposing her moist vagina lips. I moved in with my tongue stuck out and started as far down as I could and gave a big lick up from her pussy hole, spreading her lips open with my tongue as I swooped past her clit. I then pulled her panties off and pressed my whole face against her and let my tongue go back down toward the bottom as she arched back, allowing me to go further down. Before I even got my tongue back up she popped back and started to move.

"Would you mind going at this another way?" Laura asked as she turned over and got on her knees, pushing her ass up and toward my face.

I looked at her flat, flabby ass staring at me and thought to myself why the hell not. As I bent down to get a good angle I caught a glimpse of her fat belly hanging, all the bumps and rolls flowing freely in the air and I reached underneath and gave it a quick grab and shook it.

"Haha", I heard her say. "See this works out well for you too," she laughed.

"It sure does," I responded with before spreading her ass cheeks open and pushing my face back in and down, pushing my tongue down as far as possible to lick her clit then sliding it up past her pussy hole, stopping briefly to shove my tongue in and then coming back out and sliding it up to lick her ass hole. She let out a moan as I completed the journey and so I again made my way back down the way I came, this time again stopping to thrust my tongue deep inside her vagina.

On my second trip up when I made it to her ass hole I licked up and down a few times, first quick up and downs and then I gradually covered more ground with each one. She let out another satisified moan. I kept licking her ass, periodically letting my tongue drift down past her pussy and as close to her clit as I could get while my face pressed firmly against her ass.

I licked my tongue all the way up from underneath her ass, past her ass hole and up in between her cheeks to the bottom of her back. She arched up and then let her body fall, her belly plopping against the bed. She then turned over and looked at me with a huge smile on her face.

"Well that was certainly enjoyable," she proclaimed.

I sat back, happy that I was able to satisfy her and especially happy that she enjoyed what I had done thus far. She reached her hands back and unhooked her bra and as she pulled the cups up so her boobs could fall out I finally saw her enormous nipples with huge dark areolas. She stood up and I reached out and grabbed them, one with each hand, cupping them one the outsides and underneath, and pulled them together as I put my mouth on her left nipple, at least as much of it as I could, and suctioned as much of the nipple as possible, pulling back while flicking my tongue on it. I heard her let out another moan as my eyes were closed, face deep in her boobs.

At this point I was still wearing my shirt and boxers and Laura clearly took issue with this as she stepped back and lifted my shirt up. I helped her get it over my head and off. My dick was practically poking out of the hole in my boxers so she pulled it out, bent down a little bit and pushed her tits together around it. I guess that's what she meant by getting lost in them as she shook them while they were squeezed against my dick. As she kept pressing her tits together she gave me an almost sinister look and then backed up and sat back down on the bed, removing her boobs from around my cock.

"Looks like you're ready to go," she smiled as she once again turned over and shoved her ass up in the air.

I looked down at my throbbing cock and happily took a couple steps forward, bent down slightly and got my dick up underneath and inside of her now very wet pussy. She lunged forward a bit as I began to push my dick as deep inside her as I could, using her fat love handles as leverage while thrusting, occasionally reaching underneath and grabbing her flabby hanging belly and squeezing it. Her flat ass provided a bit of padding as I kept smacking into it but after a few solid thrusts I was beginning to feel the firmness of bone and so I pulled out and turned her over.

Laura laid back and stretched her legs wide open. Her beautiful lips were soaked, her belly almost flat as she lay on her back and her tits were flopped out to either side. I moved in and got my dick right up inside of her. As her body bent to take my dick her belly roll started to come back and as I thrusted my body I reached down and grabbed her fat belly, shaking it as I kept pushing. Her boobs shook up and down as I continued to penetrate, the mounds of flesh swirling around. I grabbed her left boob and bent down to suck on the dark brown nipple, pulling her areola up before letting it flop back down and jiggle.

After a few minutes of missionary work she told me she wanted to ride me because that's what always worked for her to get off. I got up from off her and before I could even move to sit on the bed she was up and pushed me down on my back. I looked up at her fat body and perhaps involuntarily just grabbed at my dick and started jerking it as I looked at her sagging belly, fat thighs and legs and her round boobs. She practically jumped to get on top of me and I could feel my dick slide inside of her.

As she started to ride me I grabbed her hips and squeezed then shook them. Her belly jiggled as she bounced up and down, her tits smacking around uncontrollably. I don't know if she was feeling good or was self conscious of her fat but she closed her eyes and tilted her head back, grinding faster and harder against my dick. I reached out and grabbed her fat belly with both hands, squeezing and shaking it. Then I leaned forward and stuck my face into it. Her flesh was so soft against me it felt amazing as she continued to ride. 

She kept moving back and forth as well as rotating her hips in as much of a circular motion as she could. I grabbed the sides of her boobs and slapped them together then pulled the left one in to my face and sucked on it, her belly expanded out to the sides as it was pressed against mine. Then she grabbed my head and kissed me with a wide open mouth, her tongue thrust deep inside and we made out with extreme passion while she practically bounced up and down. I was scared she was going to fly off my dick but then at once I felt her legs lock and tremble. Then her whole midsection started to shake and she let out a shriek. She was clearly cumming and so with the comfort of knowing that she was enjoying a wild orgasm I let my focus go back to her fat flabby belly and round saggy tits flopping all around and I felt my dick throb as I let a stream of cum shoot up inside her.

As she finished cumming she let herself fall down onto me, her boobs squishing my face as she relaxed. After a couple seconds she got up off of me and sat down on the bed next to me.

"Yeah you definitely have great timing," she said with a smile.