 "What are you working on?" A high, unfamiliar voice pulled Max's attention from the bolts holding the fuel tank to his Camry. He glanced around the rear tire, but all he could see from his position under the car was a woman's ankle and a shapely bare calf.

What the world? Max thought to himself. Women showing up in his shop at four o'clock in the afternoon was not something that happened every day. He grabbed the wheel well with his hands and pulled. Sliding out from under the car, he saw that the leg, along with its identical twin, was attached to Katie, his elderly neighbor's daughter.

Of course he recognized Katie. He had only met her a couple times, but Katie was someone any heterosexual male would remember. Blonde haired and green eyed, with a smile that lit up the whole room, Katie was usually dressed up, or wearing fashionable workout clothes. Max had been struck by her the first time he saw her over at her mother's house located diagonally behind his own. Since then, he had seen her and her husband pushing their daughter down the street in a stroller on several occasions. Once he had been flying a remote control helicopter in his front yard when the three of them had gone walking by, and Katie had brought her daughter over for a closer look. The child had clapped and laughed as Max flew the helicopter back and forth in great swoops over the driveway. The little girl had the same blonde hair as her mother, but Max's attention had been on the attractive blonde woman, as it was now.

"Hey, Katie. Trying to get to this damn oxygen sensor. You know, if the engineers that design these things had to work on their own cars, they'd make stuff a lot easier to get to."

Katie laughed. "I don't know what to tell you. I know nothing about cars." Her green eyes shone in the glow from the fluorescent light.

"What brings you over here?" Still lying on his back, his regarded Katie's legs, watching them disappear into her tight skirt. Her business suit clung lovingly to her breasts and butt, which would have looked more at home on a college student than the thirty-something mother looking down at him. 

"Do you have a screwdriver I can borrow?" she asked innocently.

"Sure, I got about a hundred of them." He got to his feet and strode over to his tool box. "What kind do you need?"

"Uh, I forget what it's called," she stammered. "Just a regular screwdriver."

"Well, there's all different kinds. What are you working on?" 

"One of Mom's outlet covers is loose. I'm afraid it'll come off, or Anna might stick her finger behind it and shock herself. I guess the screw just needs tightened?"

"That would be a flathead." Max selected a screwdriver from one of the drawers, wiped it off on a rag, and held it out to her. "Don't want you to get your hands dirty", he smiled.

"Thanks!" she accepted it gingerly. The grubby Craftsman screwdriver looked strange against the clean fair skin of her hand. She sat down on an empty five gallon bucket and crossed her legs, revealing even more of her bare white thighs. "Mom and Anna are taking a nap, and I don't want to wake them, cause, well, then they'll be awake."

"You and Anna visiting your mom today?" Max asked.

"Actually, we're living there for now." Katie sighed. "You didn't know Nicklaus and I split up?"

Max hadn't even known her husband's name, much less that they had split up. To him her husband had just been a minor annoyance as he watched Katie stroll by on her daily walk. "Oh, I'm sorry to hear that," he said absently.

"Thanks. He went back to Germany a couple weeks ago. Anna and I are staying here with Mom, at least till the house sells. I hope we can find a place around here. Or maybe we'll just stay here awhile."

"That's a good idea. Your mom can keep an eye on Anna, and you can keep an eye on her."

"Yeah, that's the plan."

"But who's going to keep an eye on you?" he looked at her slyly.

"I don't know," she drawled flirtatiously. "You know anybody that might be interested?"

"Yeah." He gazed deeply into her eyes. "I do."

They starred at each other for several seconds. You will look away before I do, Max vowed silently. Katie looked back at him for quite a while before she finally gave in and dropped her eyes. "Wow." She licked her lips and looked back at him. "You have really nice eyes."

"Thanks," he replied, slowly walking across the shop toward her. He closed the distance between them, not stopping until their faces were mere inches apart, never taking his eyes from hers. He moved his face toward her as if to kiss her. Instead he whispered, "I'm about to take a break. What would you like to drink?"

She didn't answer his question, just looked up at his face inches from her own. Finally she took a deep breath. "Wow," she repeated. "You're intense."

"You're not the first person who's ever said that." He squeezed her arm and gave it a little tug. "Let's go."

She walked with him out into the bright October sunshine toward his house. "It's a beautiful day, isn't it?"

"Mmmmm hmmmm," he replied disinterestedly. He opened the kitchen door and stepped aside. "Enter, madam," he said in a sepulchural voice, and smiled disarmingly.

She smiled back. "Why thank you, monsieur." and stepped inside.

He poured a glass of wine for her, and a rum and coke for himself. "Let's have a seat." He led her into the den where they sat on the love seat. They sat in silence with their drinks for a few moments, then Max slowly leaned over, brushed the hair away from her forehead, and kissed her. She returned the kiss, and he placed a hand on her waist. They went on kissing and exploring each others bodies with their hands. Max reached his hand behind his head and grabbed his collar, then stripped off his shirt in one motion. Katie buried her face in his chest, taking in his scent, and gently kissed his torso, tasting the salt of his sweaty body. Her hands ran over his body, feeling his abs and obliques under her fingertips. Taking her hand without a word, he rose and led her to the bedroom.

Once in his room, he unbuttoned the blazer of her auburn business suit and sat down on the bed. "Better take off your own clothes," he suggested. "I don't want to get grease on them."

She shook her head. "Not yet." She sank to her knees and unbuckled his belt. One by one she popped the buttons on his 501's, then watched in wonder as his penis sprang free of his jeans. He could feel her breath on his thighs and pubic hair as she kissed and licked his thighs. Oh my God, he thought, just suck my dick! Stop torturing me! Sensing his tension, she began to tease him with her lips and tongue. Her fingers slid over the smooth skin of his glutes and lower back. Finally, her mouth was where he wanted it, where he needed it, as she gently teased the sides of his penis with her lips. Finally, expertly, she took him into her mouth.

Max looked down at her, fingers wrapped around his shaft, lips slowly sucking his penis as she moved up and down. After a few minutes of this ecstasy, he stood up and helped her to her feet. "That was nice," he said, "but now it's your turn." He lifted her up in his arms, kissed her, and gently laid her on the bed. 

He got down between her knees, reached his hands up her skirt, and slid her panties down her legs. Tossing them over his shoulder indifferently, he turned his attention to the smoothness between her thighs. He kissed them, first one, then the other, while he slowly ran his hands up and down her hips. She moaned slightly as he slowly worked his lips up her inner thighs. He grabbed her skirt and shoved it roughly up to her waist, revealing a soft strip of pubic hair. "Oh my God, Max," she purred, as his tongue found the smoothness of her vagina. He buried his nose in that little patch as he slowly licked her labia. Her musky scent excited him, and he gently inserted his tongue into her. His tongue slowly traced up and down, then worked slowly upward. She drew a sharp breath as his tongue found her clitoris. He sucked gently on her clit as his tongue ran gently along its engorged surface. Katie arched her back and spread her legs as he continued to pleasure her. 

He sensed her excitement by the steepness of her breath and the way her nails dug into his scalp as her hands directed him. He continued his attention to her clitoris as her excitement continued to build. Finally her legs squeezed around his head and her nails dug into the back of his neck as the orgasm rocked her body. She called out his name once, twice. Max felt her vagina tightening around his tongue and the pulsing of her clitoris against his upper lip. Never before had he been with a woman who came so quickly or intensely. Her breathing increased to a pant as she squeezed her thighs around his head. Finally, abruptly, her legs relaxed and her calves fell down onto his back. Her fingertips stroked his shoulders gently. "Wow," she panted. "Just, wow."

He rolled off the bed and took a foil packet from the nightstand drawer. Katie stared intently as he ripped open the condom and rolled it down the length of his shaft. Gently, he kissed her neck as he lay down on top of her, penis hard against her belly. Katie reached down and guided him into her. Slowly he entered her, feeling her tightness around him even through the latex of the condom. She sucked in her breath as he buried himself deep within her. His speed gradually built as he moved in and out. Her eyes rolled back in her head. Her nails dug into his shoulders. Her legs squeezed against his back. 

Max's hands left greasy prints on her skin as his hands grasped her waist. He reached down and pushed her legs together underneath him, then rolled her over on top of him. His penis still inside her, she sat up on his thighs, hands on his chest, moving up and down slowly. He looked up at Katie, eyes closed, mouth slightly open, hair in her face. On and on she rode him, until once again she came, digging her nails into his sides in ecstasy. Finally, she collapsed on him. "God," she murmured into his chest. They lay there for several seconds.

Finally, he lifted her off him and got up. He grabbed her legs, pulled her down to the bottom of the bed and stood up. Leaning over her again, he drove himself inside her, then pulled back out. She moaned as he plowed into her, then pulled out again. "Look at me," he instructed, and she pulled her eyes open. She stared at his cold blue eyes as he plunged into her again and again, a serious look on his face. He grabbed her waist and pulled her down onto him over and over. And over. And over. Again and again he drove deep inside her. His earlier passionate lovemaking had been replaced by a mad lust as he impaled her again and again. Finally she felt his penis begin to swell inside her. Sweat running down his face, he slammed deep into her, burying himself deep inside her as he came. His penis pulsed over and over as his semen shot into the condom. Finally the orgasm abated and he collapsed on top of her.

"Damn," he sighed, "that was great." He opened his eyes to find her staring at him.

"It was, wasn't it?"

"Definitely," he panted. "You should borrow screwdrivers more often."

"I know I'm going to be coming back again." She kissed his lips and snuggled against his body.