 The scent of fresh cut grass was heavy in the afternoon heat, it was the first week in July and the month had come in hard and hot.

Jack Taylor pushed the mower into the shed, and took the gas trimmer off its hooks, made a quick check of the fuel tank, already full, another fifteen minutes and this week's yard work would be compete. As He walked up to the fence that bordered his lawn and the neighbors, he primed the trimmer and was about to start it up when he heard a woman curse on the opposite side of the fence. Unable to contain himself he laughed, heard another curse, then a scolding voice came thru the fence.

"Don't you laugh at me Jack!" Bernie Graham said thru the fence.

"Sorry, you caught me off guard, I saw the truck gone, and figured I was alone today," he lied, the curse was what made him laugh, he'd seen Bernie earlier watering the flowers out front. "Problem?"

"The pool pump isn't working, Mike was supposed to fix it but he left early to get out on the river. Now I need to clean it for the party and can't run the vacuum."

"Tell you what, give me twenty minutes to do the trimming over here and I'll see what I can do."

"You fix this pump and I'll owe you." She answered.

"In this heat, a cold beer would be nice."

"Deal."

Jack fired up the trimmer and went to cutting weeds, the only thing that seemed to grow in the July heat, he finished in a little over the twenty minutes. He put the trimmer back on its hooks and brushed himself off, he was hot and the well-worn tank top from some long forgotten vacation was soaked with sweat. He needed shower but a deal was a deal, he tossed the few tools he figured he'd need in a spare tool bag, kicked off his yard shoes and walked barefoot across the fresh cut lawn to the neighbors. He had a good idea what the problem with the pool pump was, he'd discussed it with Mike earlier in the summer, with luck it would be an easy fix. 

He knocked on the gate to the Graham's backyard as he entered, Bernie yelled a hello as he came up to the pool. She was sitting in one of the pool side chairs sitting on the elevated deck, there was a glass of wine in her hand, the bottle sat on a table beside her.

"Let me get your beer." She stood up, her five foot seven, one hundred sixteen pound body was tan, her shoulder length sandy blond hair bleached lighter from time spent in the summer sun.

"Not yet, let me get the pump running first," He walked around the pool to where the pump was set up. It took only a couple seconds to see the problem, the seal on the power box was dried out and split, and water had apparently gotten inside and caused a short, tripping the GFI or the breaker.

He called, not looking up, "Bernie, could you check and see if the breaker switch is off?" 

"Sure." She answered from behind him.

He jumped, and laughed, "You startled me, and I didn't hear you."

"Can you fix it?"

"If it's what I think, no trouble." 

"The breakers in the garage, I think, be right back." She turned and headed for the house, he watched her walk away, long legs and the tight fitting cutoff jean shorts she had on. He shook his head, forget it Jack, she's at least ten years younger than you and she's your neighbors wife, he watched her until she disappeared thru the man door on the garage.

A minute later her voice drifted across the yard, "It's off."

He went to work, first the power box cover, two screws and it was open, as he'd suspected water had gotten into the connections the copper wire had corroded and shorted out. Taking the wires loose he cleaned the connections, cut away the bad wire, stripped back the wire insulation to new clean wire, and reattached the connection. Putting the cover back he made a mental note to tell Mike the seal needed replaced or the cover caulked, he wrapped the outside of the box and cover with duct tape as a temporary fix.

"Okay, turn it back on." He shouted. There was no answer. He picked up his tools and walked to the garage, the man door still open. "Bernie?" No answer. He looked around the garage, the breaker box was open on the rear wall. Walking over the pool circuit was easy to find, marked with a label "POOL", He flipped the switch and walked back to out to the pool pump, it wasn't running, the outlet was a GFI switch, he pushed the reset and the pump came on, job done. Time for a beer and a shower.

"Fixed?" Bernie's voice, this time above him on the pool deck.

He Jumped. Damnit, twice. "Yep, a short. Still needs some work but nothing too difficult, I'll talk to Mike about it when he gets home."

"He's on the river with a group... so I doubt he'll be home early," 

Jack heard the hesitation change her tone of voice but ignored it, "How about that beer?"

"Right up, how about a second favor, help I clean the pool and I'll double the offer?"

"Okay, but I get an extra helping at the party." He joked.

"Don't you always?" with that she walked away across the pool deck chin level with Jack, he now noticed her shorts and blouse had been traded for a thong bikini bottom and crop top T-shirt, it was only a few steps and she was gone from sight.

He hooked the vacuum hose to the pool filter, climbed up on the deck and started sweeping the pool bottom, there wasn't much to clean actually, just a leaf or two and the odd silt that settled to the bottom. Bernie had gone into the house again.

"You're all done and I was thinking it would be an all day job from the way Karissa talked," Bernie said coming up the steps a few minutes later. Karissa was Mike's niece, she'd graduated in June and was going to spend the summer with her Uncle and Aunt before leaving for college. 

"The pool wasn't that dirty really," he answered taking apart the pool vacuum, "speaking of Karissa, I haven't seen her around."

"She's off somewhere on her bike, she took off right after Mike left, she's as bad as he is; always running around. Anyhow, here you go payment for all your help," she answered handing him a rocks glass.

The glass was three quarters full of amber liquor and a couple of ice cubes, "This isn't beer."

"Twelve year old scotch, better than a cold beer, anyway we're out of beer in the house. Mike is supposed to pick it up on his way home." Again her tone of voice changed.

"I agree, but I feel guilty drinking Mike's booze."

"Who said it was Mike's?"

"Then where's yours?"

"Never mix drinks." Bernie answered, picking the bottle of wine up from the pool deck.

"Cheers then!" He held up the glass, she tapped the neck of the bottle against the glass and took a long drink, Jack drank half the glass in one swallow. The scotch was smooth, like glass itself, he felt it fire a warm feeling inside that spread cool and hot together. "Wow."

"Good?"

"Great, I forgot what good scotch was like." He saw the puzzled look on her face, "I tend to be a little tight with my spending, and good scotch is best shared with good company."

"Then drink up, there's plenty." She motioned toward the bottle he'd brought with her.

He drained the remaining scotch from the glass, "No really I can't."

"I'm not good company?"

"You're great company, but I'm hot, sweaty and in need of a shower."

She took his glass, "You need a swim." She suddenly pushed against his chest with her free hand, off balance and unprepared he fell backward into the pool. The water warmed by the day's heat was still cooler than the air he'd spent working in. He sank to the bottom, shedding grass, sweat and the heat of work. He drifted to the bottom of the pool then stripped off the tank top and swam back up to the edge of the pool. Reaching the edge he wrung out the tank top and threw it toward the deck chair.

Bernie was gone again so he pushed away from the side and swam a laps to the far end of the pool and back. He was halfway back on the third lap when she came out of the house with a second bottle of wine and a towel. He turned in his swim and swam for the pool stairs, climbing from the pool as she reached the deck chairs.

"Sorry about that, I just couldn't help myself, you looked hot."

"I was, and it's okay, except now we have to clean grass out of the pool." 

"I'll have Mike or Karissa do it before the party, we've done enough." She poured the wine glass full from the second bottle. "Time to relax. Here's a towel dry off and I'll refresh your drink."

"Thank you," he picked up the glass took a long sip and grabbed the towel to dry his hair. The draped it around his neck.

"Mikes out on the water?" 

"Resort thing, had a group today, probably be gone until late. Again." Jack frowned, "it's okay he loves it and the moneys good. Just gets lonely sometimes having to do everything myself."

"Well you do have Karissa around for the summer at least."

"When she's not off on her bike somewhere, she must ride a hundred miles a day. Actually its great having her around, she's a lot of fun and she reminds me of what it was like to be young."

Jack laughed, "Like you're anywhere near old."

"I'm almost thirty-four!"

"I have almost ten years on you, believe me, thirty-four is not old."

"Thank you, somedays it just feels old, especially when you're hanging with an eighteen year old." 

Bernie drained her glass, and poured it full again, "Here's to feeling young!" She held the glass up to toast.

"Cheers, you're as young as you wish to be!" Jack tapped her glass, and took a drink. The whisky glass was only a third full, he realized he was drinking way too much; too fast, in the heat.

Bernie slid to the edge of her chair and leaned in toward him, "Can I ask a question?" 

"Sure, what?"

"What's your story, you live alone, don't date. You're nice, sweet almost, haven't flirted with any of women in the neighborhood. Are you gay?"

Jack smiled, he was tempted to say yes. "No, not gay...Just..," he paused, putting the rocks glass down," I'm cautious I guess. I was in a relationship for a long time, and it didn't quite work out." 

Bernie didn't say a word, just took a drink and waited.

"Her name is Marnie, and we met when I was overseas working for an NGO, doing construction and field research."

"NGO?"

"Sorry, Non-Government Organization, private contractor in under developed countries, places with economic and political issues." Jack explained, "She was working as a freelance journalist. We we're young, it was a dangerous place, things got serious and then we drifted apart. Still friends, I left and she moved onto a new story, we still stay in touch, letters, E-mail and when she's in country we try to get together." He thought a moment, "It's been a year or so now since I've seen her."

"A year?"

"Or so, probably a bit longer."

She took a drink of wine, set the glass down and looked straight into his eyes, "What about sex?"

He suddenly felt the heat, the buzz of the scotch, realized Bernie had freshened her lipstick on her last trip to the house, "I guess I just don't think about it.

"I can't do that." She leaned forward, her hands grasping the towel around his neck, and kissed him. 

Her mouth was hot against his, lips slick with bright cherry lipstick, and the taste of wine. He hesitated then kissed back harder, feeling he tension in her body he wrapped his hands around her waist and pulled her off the deck chair, leaning back so that she lay on top of him. His hands explored the curve of her back, lifting her shirt, to her neck. She arched back and he slid the shirt over her head leaving it pinned between them at the front. Her back exposed he a line traced a path down the center top to bottom, the other hand wrapped itself in her hair and pulled her mouth to his. Her lips parted, she moaned into him as his hand reached the bottom of her back and filled his hand with the firm flesh of her ass pulling her tight against him. He felt her body heat thru the wet fabric of his jean shorts, he grew stiff and hard in response to the pressure. She felt the growing bulge and wiggled against it, his hand dropped from her hair and gripped the other cheek of her butt, she wiggled harder and he pushed up increasing the pressure. Bernie lost her breath and lifted away from his mouth, breathless.

Her top no longer caught between them fell down, exposing her breasts, his lips and tongue found her nipples, first one and then the other, gently teasing them, already erect and hard with excitement they were sensitive to the lightest touch. He licked the skin around the hard nipple, her breathing stopped as he avoided full contact, "tease," she whispered. He then gently sucked on her breast, playing with the erect nipple with his tongue and teeth, until she pushed forward searching for more, he pulled away and started again on the other breast, trading lips for fingers. Her breathing caught as his fingers traced lightly on the firm skin and then held the nipples in a slight pinch.

"Harder..." 

He increased the pressure, she shuddered, and a shiver shook her body head to groin, the movement ground them together; his cock got harder instantly, she felt the increase in pressure and rotated her hips in a small circle adding to the stress. His fingers pressed harder, hands wrapping around the globes of her breasts. She leaned in her head back she groaned, and shook again. Then leaned in and kissed him, her hands dropped worked between them looking for the closure on his shorts, wet fabric and position fought her attempt. 

She leaned away breaking the kiss, "Fuck!"

He almost laughed, "Bernie, maybe we shouldn't..." 

"No! I've wanted this forever..." A quick kiss and she was gone, sliding backward off his lap and out of his grip.

Without a word, she slid to her knees at the bottom of the chair, and without the added weight of her body easily unfastened the top of the shorts; as the zipper slid down his erection rose free, having already found its way thru the fly of his boxers. Before he could think Bernie bent down and wrapped her mouth around the top of his erect cock, he lifted pushing deeper past her lips putting nearly half of his shaft inside. She met his thrust willingly and teased the head and shaft with her tongue. The sudden teasing heat and wetness startled him, he pulled back, and she followed his retreat; until he could go no further. He felt the tightness of the back of her throat as her lips slid reached the bottom of his shaft, her mouth played with what it held and then was gone she pulled away, he felt a rush of cool air and then the fiery heat of her mouth as she swallowed him down again, the was gone just as quickly, again and again. He felt the pressure building, and fought the desire to hold her down to keep her lips against his flesh, she felt him follow her as she pulled away and leaned back. 

"Not yet," she whispered, as she slid the wet shorts and boxers off his legs. Then pushing her way between his knees she took him in her hands and slowly stroked him, the pressure inside him stronger with each slide of her hand.

"Bernie, you have to stop."

"Want me?" Stroking harder her hand slipping over the head of his stiff cock.

He leaned forward, took her by the waist and pulled her to him, suddenly off balance she put damp hands on his shoulders, and he kissed her. The kiss harder and more fevered than anticipated, he pulled her up until she straddled his hips, his still wet cock pressed against her ass. His fingers found the string ties of her bikini bottom on both sides and pulled, undoing knots and freeing her from the skimpy fabric. As quickly as the strings fell she felt his hands on her hips lifting her above him, then lowered her slowly, the head of his cock brushed the light fuzz of hair as his cock easily parting the wet lips of her pussy, she felt the head penetrate her and a wave of pleasure passed thru her. She wiggled in his grip, her body wanting more of him but he held her tight; resisting his own desire, lowered her as slowly as he could. 

Bernie crushed her mouth against his, biting his lip as her body swallowed the cock entering her, filled with half his length her muscles tightened and she suddenly arched away, "FUCKME!" She yelled, fingers gripping his shoulders, fighting his grip on her waist. Jack released her, she dropped the last few inches and he lifted his hips driving his cock up to fill her, Bernie was lifted with his thrust, the cock slid away and then drove back deeper, a loud moan escaped as their bodies fell into a rhythm; parting and driving together. Wet skin slapped together with each stroke, he felt the pressure build and fought hard against it, not wanting the feeling to stop. She was lost, her body pushing for more, the pounding slaps of wet skin sounded loud in her ears. He suddenly pulled away, the head of his cock nearly leaving her wet cunt completely, a deep moan and he pushed up, her movement down was stopped and she was lifted by his cock. Her body tightened, clenching around him as she exploded in orgasm, hips grinding against the hard cock buried deep in her she shook as shudders washed thru her. Jack felt her cum, pussy tightening around him he lifted her with the thrust of his hips, and felt release, felt his body pump itself into her, he tried to pull away only to push back deeper, again and again until he was exhausted.

He fell back against the deck chair, she lay down on him her head resting against his chest, his heart beating loud in her ear. He brushed hair from her face, her eyes closed she slowly recovered he watched as her breath and his heart slowed to normal. He felt his erection soften and slip from the warmth of her, "Wow," she whispered.

"Wow's about right." He replied.