 My name is Trevor. I am 18 years old, 5'9" around 180 lbs. I'm not in the greatest shape but I do play baseball and football. I have this neighbor that lives in the house behind me. Kris. I have had a crush on her for years. She is probably 5'6"-5'7" brown hair, brown eyes and a smile that gets me every time. She lives with her boyfriend and daughter and since we aren't too far apart in age (she is only 6 years older than me) so we all hang out regularly.

 One afternoon, I was sitting out in my yard enjoying the sun when Kris called my name. "Hey T, do you think you could give me a hand with the lawn mower? I can't get it to start."

 "Sure thing," I replied, "Be right over." I could barely hide my excitement. I had been over to her place a bunch of times, but never when it was just us. Not that I had the slightest thought that anything would happen, but I did figure I would be able to get away with checking her out a bit more than I normally did.

 I walked up to the fence surrounding our properties and went to jump over the fence when the unthinkable happened. As I went over the top, my shoe caught the top of the fence and down I came...right on my face! I quickly glanced around to make sure that nobody saw me, and I thought I was in the clear. I walked around the shed to where Kris was standing with the lawn mower and as I approached, she looked up.

 "Oh my God!" she cried, "What happened to your face? You're bleeding!"

 My hand went to my face and came away red. "I sort of fell coming over the fence" I mumbled, embarrassed. 

 "Come on" she took me by the hand "We need to get you cleaned up." She led me into the house and made me sit on the couch while she went into to kitchen. 

 "Here. She came back with a cold, wet towel, cleaned me up and had me hold the towel over my leaking nose. As I sat there, she started checking to make sure I wasn't hurt anywhere else and I realized that I had a straight view down her shirt! 

I couldn't pry my eyes away and was oblivious to everything else around me which is how I got caught. "Hey!" I heard, "Are you listening to me?"

"Huh?" I tried to play it cool but she wasn't buying it.

 "Mmhmm. I saw where your eyes were" 

 "I'm sorry" I was mortified. I couldn't believe I got caught.

 "Look" she said with a grin, "If you wanted to see them all you had to do was ask. Do you?"

All I could do was nod. I couldn't believe what I was hearing! As I sat there unable to speak, she reached down and pulled her shirt over head and unclasped her bra freeing her gorgeous tits. "Go ahead and touch them," she said, "They won't bite."

 My hand was trembling as I reached out to touch the flesh that up until this point I had only fantasized about. I cupped the bottom of her tits, almost weighing them in my hands and gently squeezed. I ran my thumbs over her nipples that suddenly became hard as erasers under my manipulation. A soft moan escaped Kris's lips "Ooh that's it," she cried, "Pinch them!"

 I lowered my face to her chest and began nibbling on her left tit and then moving to the right. As I continued suckling, I felt her hand reach down and grab the bulge in my pants. "I think someone wants to play," she purred as she undid my zipper and unbuttoned my pants, letting them drop to the floor. My boxer briefs followed shortly after, freeing my now raging hard-on. "Oh my T, I didn't realize you were packing this kind of heat!"

Now I wasn't the biggest, at least to my mind, maybe 6 ½ inches, but I had girth. As my hot neighbor started to stroke me, I saw that she could barely get her hand around it. 

 "Oh my God," I moaned, "That feels so good!"

 "Baby, you ain't seen nothing yet," she replied as her head lowered towards my groin. I could feel her hot breath on my cock and it started jumping like crazy. When her tongue first touched me, I thought I was going to blow right there. If I thought the touch of her tongue was amazing, when she wrapped her lips around and took me to the hilt, I almost passed out. As she bobbed her head up and down, she reached down and started stroking my shaft with one hand and cupped my balls with the other and gently squeezed. I grabbed her hair with both of my hands and pushed her head all the way down. As I started moving my hips back and forth, she reached up and slipped her finger in my ass. My head almost exploded, and my cock did, straight down her throat.

 "Mmm," she said, "Tasty."

 "My turn," I told her as I pushed her onto the couch. She lifted her hips as I pulled her jeans and panties off and was treated to my first sight of her pussy. "Damn," I exclaimed, "Somebody is wet." I lowered my head, inhaling her aroma as I placed a kiss on the inside of her thigh. I slowly worked my way up and ran my tongue up her slit and felt a shudder run through her body. I inserted 2 fingers into her folds as my tongue flicked over her clit. 

 "Don't stop," she moaned as she grabbed the back of my head and shoved it into her crotch. I gently sucked on her clit and felt her whole body tense up. "Oh my God," she cried, "I'm coming!" I felt her juices flood over my face as her legs clamped down around my head. Shudders racked her body as she started moaning uncontrollably. "I need you in me now," she cried.

 I got up and positioned myself at her entrance. I started to enter her slowly when she grabbed my ass and pulled me in hard. "Fuck me!" I started thrusting hard, my balls slapping against her ass. I fucked her long and deep as she moaned. I reached down and started rubbing her clit with my thumb as I fucked her and I felt her pussy clamp down around me as another orgasm tore through her body. I pulled out and told her to turn around so I could fuck her from behind. I grabbed her hips and thrust deep inside her. "Deeper," she cried, "Harder!" I fucked as hard as I could and when I pushed my thumb into her ass, she came for the 3rd time. I felt the familiar twinge deep in my loins and knew I couldn't hold out any longer. 

 "I'm coming," I yelled.

 "Come inside me," she screamed, "Fill me up!"

I thrust as deep as I could and filled her with spurt after spurt of my seed. When I finally caught my breath, I pulled d out of her and we both sat there letting what happened sink in. 

 "Thanks for your help," Kris said with a wink

 "My pleasure," I answered

 We both dressed and I went home, thinking that I just had a once in a lifetime experience. At least until a week later when I was outside and hears a voice.

 "Hey T, could you come give me a hand with this mower?"